After the last school drop-off, I returned home, where Jack was waiting for me in the kitchen. He took me in his arms and kissed me deeply, his hands dropping down to squeeze my ass through my jeans, then traveling up to caress my breasts through my blouse. My arousal leapt, and I thought perhaps Jack might be inclined to bend the rules by taking me before I went to the health club for my next public orgasm.
Taking my hand, he led me to the bedroom, where a set of workout clothes had been carefully placed on the bed, along with the Oyster. Jack began unbuttoning my blouse.
"Derek will be at the gym at noon, and he's got the remote control for the vibrator" Jack whispered, kissing me on my neck in a way that always drove me wild. "But I want you to change into your workout clothes right now, and spend the morning preparing yourself for what you're going to do today."
He pulled my blouse off my body, and slowly unsnapped my bra, moving his hands to my erect nipples and squeezing them.
I pulled back, and slowly stripped off my jeans and panties. Naked – save for the gold "slave" anklet I had been wearing for days – I moved to the bed, and picked up what I thought was a pair of my panties.
"I didn't know Nike made thongs," I said, as I looked over the tiny garment that Jack or Derek had apparently procured just for this particular "envelope." Jack smiled. "Well, you're just discovering all sorts of things on this little adventure," he said as I bent over to pull on the thong. As I pulled it over my hips, Jack moved behind me and caressed my bare bottom, stoking my arousal still higher.
I leaned back against him, and turned slightly, sharing a long kiss, as his hands reached up to cup my bare breasts, his fingers slowly pinching my erect nipples.
"So Jack," I whispered finally, "have, um, you and Derek decided, ah, which one of you is going to give me my 'reward' tonight?" I asked.
He kissed my neck, and ran a finger down my spine. "I had certainly planned on it," he replied, giving one of my ass cheeks a loving squeeze. "That is, unless you have any objection," he added with a chuckle.
"No, no...it's just," I began. "It's been a while since both you and Derek took me at the same time, and I was thinking maybe right after the workout, he could stop by and the three of us..."
Jack smiled. "Well, I know Derek is taking the whole day as a vacation day today – you know how generous the bank is with time off, so I think he's available. You finish getting dressed, I'll go give him a call."
My husband walked to the office and closed the door behind him. I pulled on a pair of baggy grey exercise shorts, and one of my white sports bras, then fitted the "pager" onto the waistband of my shorts, and positioned the vibrator inside my thong, taking the opportunity to give my hard clit a quick, teasing rub. I looked at myself in the mirror, and then at my watch – realizing that I now had almost three hours to wait before going to the health club – hours that would be spent with the Oyster rubbing against my clit, the thong teasing my ass, and my imagination in overdrive as I anticipated exactly how Derek would make me come at the health club.
"Well there's good news and bad news," Jack said with a grin as he returned to the bedroom, walking to me and rubbing my ass through my shorts. "The good news is Derek says he'd be happy to stop by for a 'Tammy sandwich' after you complete your workout. The bad news – for you – is that you're going to have to earn it."
I gulped. "Um, what do I have to do to 'earn' it?" I asked nervously, knowing that between the two of them they could come up with some very kinky challenges.
Jack smiled and kissed me. "Derek will tell you when you get to the club. Now, don't you think you'd better get some work done?" He gave my ass a harder-than-playful slap, then took me in his arms. "You know," he whispered, "I thought about joining you at the club, but Derek suggested that it might be better for him to be doing the 'remote control' duty in this scenario."
He nuzzled my neck again. "Mmmmm, I loved watching you come at the restaurant, and I hope the next envelope you pick is one where I get to make you come."
I shuddered in his arms, recalling the sensation of having an orgasm in public, and anticipating doing it again today. "Me too," I whispered.
For the rest of the morning, I did little other than check e-mail and stare blankly at my computer screen, as my mind was preoccupied with thoughts of how Derek would enjoy controlling my arousal and teasing me mercilessly, culminating in a desperately-sought, public orgasm. I also tried to imagine what kind of "test" my black lover might require in order for me to earn a session with both Derek and my husband. The thought of returning home, to be taken by both men at the same time, stoked my arousal higher – and made me determined to pass whatever "test" Jack and Derek had dreamt up.
At 11:45, I walked behind my husband, working away at his desk. "Time for me to go work out," I whispered as I rubbed his neck. Jack stood and faced me, taking me in his arms. "What, are you worried about traffic or something?" he asked, smiling – the club was only five minutes from our home.
"I'm just sort of....impatient," I said truthfully.
Jack kissed me, and squeezed my ass cheeks. "Well, I hope you enjoy your 'workout,' and I'll have things here ready and waiting in case you pass your test," he said with a smile. I kissed him goodbye, then walked out into the garage.
Walking into the club five minutes later, I checked in at the front desk, then went into the main area of cardio and weight machines, looking for Derek – my heart racing, and my pussy pulsing. And although it wasn't unusual for me to exercise without wearing anything over my sports bra – a bit of "socially acceptable" exhibitionism that I enjoyed – today, I was keenly aware of the display of my body.
"Glad you could make it, Tammy." I heard Derek's smooth voice behind me, and turned to face him, suddenly thinking that my cheeks must be flushed from my arousal. He was wearing a tight white tank top and a pair of form-fitting sweatpants that made him look incredibly sexy.
"Th—thanks for offering to help me with my workout," I said, for the benefit of anyone within earshot.
Derek gently took my arm and walked me to one of the padded exercise mats in a corner. "Now, of course before you begin any exercise, you need to make sure your muscles are nice and stretched," he said with a smile, drawing out the last word in a low, sexy voice that left no doubt just which muscles of mine he'd like to stretch.
"OK, Tammy," he said as he put the soles of his feet together, "let's get started on your hamstrings." I mimicked his actions, forcing my thighs to be spread wide. Derek grinned as his eyes scanned up my bare thigh, to my baggy shorts and the "pager" on the waistband. "Sit up nice and straight," he said quietly, as I arched my back in response, pushing my breasts out. I saw him take the remote control out of the pocket of his sweatpants. "Now, just push down on your knees and hold it for one minute," he said with a smile.
My hands slowly pushed down on my knees, and I felt the muscles in my thighs begin to stretch. Inside my thong, the Oyster jumped to life, and I startled at the sensation, releasing my knees in the process.
"We'll just have to start the clock over again," Derek said as he took my hands in his and placed them back on my knees.
Slowly, methodically, Derek had me stretch all of my major muscle groups – punctuating each round of stretching with brief, teasing vibrations from the Oyster inside my thong. Eyeing the bulge in the crotch of his sweatpants, I could tell that Derek was very much enjoying his control of my public arousal. As Derek helped me to my feet, letting his hand linger on my bare lower back, I once again silently wondered what "test" I would have to pass in order to earn a post-workout threesome – and I hungered to pass that test.
"OK, Tammy," Derek said as we walked over to the elliptical machines. "Why don't you get up on the elliptical here, and we'll have you do a quick, ten minute cardio warm up?"
I leaned over to whisper in Derek's ear. "OK, but 'warm' isn't really an issue for me right now." He smiled in response, and punched in a ten minute, fat-burner program, and increased the resistance on the foot pedals. "I think after you're done with this, you'll be quite ready for what comes next."
I looked at Derek longingly, and then turned my attention to the exercise program. After I had started to work up a sweat, Derek once again teased my clit with a short buzz from the Oyster, causing me to almost lose my balance on the machine. Derek grinned at my predicament, and I felt my arousal soaring as I wondered where in the club he would make me come.
When the final seconds finally ticked down on the elliptical machine, I had hoped that Derek would perhaps let the vibrator run until I came. No such luck. Over the next forty minutes, he worked me through the treadmill, a stair climber and a series of weight machines – many of which made me spread my legs while I worked on the weights – and each time, Derek would buzz my clit while I was straining at the weights.
I was covered in a sheen of sweat, and desperately eager for an orgasm – at that point, I had set aside thoughts of the threesome with Derek and Jack, and was simply hungry to satisfy my lust.
"OK, Tammy, I think we're almost done," he said with a smile. "I just want to you balance on the exercise ball for a full three minutes." He pulled a large, rubber exercise ball away from the wall, and held my hand as I lay back on it, adjusting my balance and spreading my feet wide.
I swallowed as I looked at Derek. "Now just put your hands behind your head...OK, three minutes Tammy....no matter what happens." I saw him press the remote control, and instantly the vibrator leapt to life against my clit. He put the remote control into the pocket of his sweatpants, and alternated between casually checking his watch, and watching my orgasm build.
I struggled to maintain my balance as I felt every muscle in my torso tighten with my approaching climax. I gasped as my orgasm began rushing through me, and looked into Derek's sparkling eyes. My posture – precariously balanced on an exercise ball, thighs spread wide, hands behind my head – seemed to heighten the intensity of the spasms shaking my body, and Derek checked his watch.
"Just another minute, Tammy," he said in a low growl. "You want to pass this test..." he added in a whisper.
I clenched my teeth and closed my eyes as the Oyster kept vibrating against my helpless clit – another round of orgasms began, and I did a half crunch on the ball, trying to stay on top of my body's intense pleasure.
Finally, Derek retrieved the remote control and pressed a button, and the vibrator silently stopped. I struggled to catch my breath, as Derek offered me a hand and I stood up from the exercise ball, my knees weak from the power and length of my orgasm. I looked around the club, wondering if anyone watching me had any suspicion of what I had been doing.
"I think that's enough for right now, Tammy," Derek said with a sly smile. "I have to make a call to the bank to check on some things, but why don't I meet you and Jack at your house in a few minutes?" he said with a wink. My heart raced, knowing that I had passed the test, and anticipating the pleasure of being taken by Derek and my husband at the same time.
"Oh yes, that sounds like a great idea," I replied, as I leaned over to pick up my workout bag, hoping that Derek would take a good, long look at my ass. "I'll let Jack know you'll be coming," I said with a smile.
Racing home, I ran into the office and told Jack that Derek would be joining us in a few minutes, and that I wanted to jump in the shower to rinse off before he arrived. I stripped off my workout clothes, and turned on the shower, savoring the feel of the warm water on my bare skin, and letting my thoughts drift to the hot sex that would happen in the adjoining bedroom in just a few minutes.
I heard the bathroom door open, and turned just in time to see Derek, naked, opening the shower door. "Mind if I join you?" he said as he closed the shower door behind him and took me in his arms, kissing me deeply as his hands roamed over my breasts and ass. My arousal jumped – the unexpected presence of Derek, here in the shower of my home, with my husband in the next room, had an intimacy that was somehow almost more intense than sex itself.
It was in this shower, after all, that I sometimes masturbated while fantasizing about Derek – here that I would shave my pussy when I knew that I would be having sex with him that day and I hadn't been waxed for a while. Here that I would gently wash his dried sperm from my pussy or ass after having sex with him.
And here he was, kissing and fondling me under the hot spray of the water, his cock hard, his hands and tongue soft.
"So any preference as to how you'd like to take me, Derek?" I said as I ran my fingers over his broad chest. His strong hands dropped down my back and squeezed my ass cheeks. "I think we both know the answer to that, Tammy," he said in a low, sexy growl. "I'm going to fuck this beautiful white ass of yours."
I had known that's what he would want, but it still made my pussy twitch to hear him say it.
Taking his cock in my hand, I bent over to take the head in my mouth, swirling my tongue around it as our bodies enjoyed the hot water. Derek moaned, and turned off the water. As I stood, he lifted my chin to look into his eyes, and said he and Jack had dreamed up another little treat.
We quickly toweled ourselves dry, and walked into the bedroom, where Jack lay on the bed, his cock fully erect. A bottle of lube was on the nightstand. Derek placed his hand on my back, and gently pushed me towards my husband. "Climb on top of Jack, Tammy, and I'll join you in a minute."
Eager to get the games underway – and especially eager to feel my pussy filled – I straddled Jack's hips, and slowly guided his cock into my very slick pussy.
"Derek tells me you had a very good workout, Tammy," Jack said with a smile as he thrust deeply into me.
"Not as good as the workout I'm about to have," I replied, squeezing his cock with my pussy, and giving him a long, deep kiss. His hands squeezed my breasts, and he pinched my nipples, making me even more eager for Derek to take my ass...
THWACK!
I felt the sharp pain on my ass before I fully heard the sound. I turned my head, and saw Derek standing at the foot of the bed, holding a twisted, wet towel that he had obviously just used to smack my ass.
"Mmmmmm, I don't know whether Tammy enjoyed that but her pussy clenched deliciously when you did it, Derek," Jack said with a grin. I realized this was the "treat" they had dreamed up, and felt my arousal surge. I loved being spanked, and while the towel was quite a lot harder than a spanking, the fact that it was being done by my black lover while I was being fucked by my husband created that intense combination of pain and pleasure that was unlike anything else.
"So what do you think, Tammy? Want me to do it again?" Derek asked. I looked at Jack and felt my pussy gripping his cock. I swallowed and closed my eyes. "Yes. Again," I replied quietly, as I pushed down on Jack's cock, trying to fill myself with pleasure before the next blow from the towel.
A brief moment later, it snapped against my ass, and I shuddered at the sensation. For the next few minutes, Derek alternated from one cheek to the next, all the while Jack fucked me. After perhaps a dozen blows, Derek grabbed the bottle of lube from the nightstand and climbed onto the bed. He ran his fingers over my tender ass, and a moment later, I felt the slick head of his cock between my ass cheeks. He slowly pushed into my ass, and I started coming, crying out as my husband and my lover each sought their own pleasure deep inside my body.
After a few minutes, Jack gripped my hips and drove up into my pussy, coming hard. A moment later, Derek dove his cock deep into my ass, and filled it with his hot sperm. A few moments later, as we all lay on the bed, pleasurably exhausted, I started stroking my husband's chest.
"Jack?" I whispered. "I'd like to pick my next envelope."
He smiled and retrieved the sealed envelopes from his dresser. As Jack's sperm leaked from my pussy and Derek's leaked from my ass, I selected one of the envelopes, and handed it to Derek.
He opened it and smiled.
"Looks like the three of us are going to be meeting at a Starbucks downtown tomorrow," he said with a grin.