Ok so here's the thing - I just hate wearing clothes!
I overheat easily, I hate the feeling of cloth against my skin, and I hate how sweaty my balls get wearing both underwear AND trousers. So yeah, I'll be honest with you, I'm a full-on nudist and proud. As soon as I get home from work, I rip off my tie, shirt and trousers, and spend the rest of the evening naked. And then I'll go to bed naked. I don't get dressed until the following morning when I have to leave for work.
And are there problems with spending all my time at home naked? Do I have to shut all the blinds so my neighbours don't see me? Well this is the thing - I don't bother. And I actually quite like the idea of Mrs Jones next door catching a glimpse. You see, hating clothes isn't the only reason I'm a nudist; I'm also an unashamed exhibitionist. I get off on the thought of other people getting off from seeing my body. I also LOVE the idea that someone can see me and disapprove of it! I've been to nude beaches and streaked a couple of times at uni parties. But I was always looking for new ways to satisfy my exhibitionist urge. If you know of any please let me know!
So you can picture me - 5'10" dark haired guy, slightly muscular build, shaven 7" cock, buns of steel. Naked 16 hours a day Monday to Friday and bollock naked all weekend.
Sooooo- I meet this gorgeous blonde on Tinder. We go for a drink and we hit it off straight away. A few days later we enjoyed an evening of enthusiastic, fresh, uninhibited sex. Rachel was amazing in bed! We continued seeing each other - the theatre, coffee, romantic walks along the beach - all that stuff, until we decided to call each other boyfriend and girlfriend.
Fast forward to three months later. I groggily wake up - naked of course - in Rachel's bed. Oh wait I didn't get to tell you how I introduced my new girlfriend to my very naked habits ... Was it a difficult subject to broach? No, not really. After the initial shedding of clothes before our first night of sex, it was a while until I put them back on again.
After a few occasions she noticed and said "Do you hate clothes or something?"
I replied, "YES! I barely wear clothes unless the law or social convention compels me to."
After a while my habits had rubbed off a bit on Rachel, she started shedding her own clothes to chill out in her room. So yeah, she was definitely cool with it.
Anyway I wake up and find Rachel slowly coming to her senses beside me too.
"Let's make some coffee."
I couldn't help but agree. Rolling out of bed Rachel draped a short ,black, silk robe over her bra and knickers, and tidily tied it around her waist. Starting towards the door in nothing but my birthday suit Rachel stopped me.
"You'd better put something on, Beth might be around."
I'd yet to meet Beth, Rachel's sole housemate. I picked up the pair of black Calvin Klein briefs I'd worn the night before, and wriggled into them.
Rachel laughed "better than nothing I suppose!"
Stepping into the kitchen, my eyes met the figure of a petite, curvy brunette.
Rachel greeted her warmly, "Hey girl, how's it going? This is Matt."
She stepped forward and shook my hand.
"You never said he was such a fitty, Rach!" declared Beth, as she scanned my body, taking in my pecs, abs and package.
"You can come back any time" she giggled, glancing in my direction.
"Hands off girl, he's mine. He's a bit of a show off - you can look; just don't touch," Rachel smirked.
"Anyway I'm off for a run, nice to meet you," said Beth as she turned to leave.
Beth was in tight yoga pants, trainers and vest. As Rachel fired up the coffee grinder, I got the opportunity to admire Beth's yoga-panted arse as she sashayed out of the kitchen.
A couple of weeks later, Rachel and I were spending a relaxing afternoon lazing around and watching Netflix.
"I'd love some Oreos right now, I'm too lazy to get up though."
Rachel fluttered her eyelashes. Feeling a bit restless anyway, I jumped up and made for the door to the hallway.
"Here!" yelled Rachel throwing her short black robe at me, "I heard Beth downstairs earlier."
Tying up the robe it barely covered my balls! I felt the bottom quarter of my arse cheeks enjoying the fresh air, unhindered by the robe. Anyway, as you know I don't care! Stepping out into the hallway, I was met with Beth in only a towel, coming from the bathroom.
"Hi Beth," I said as nonchalantly as I could pretend.
"Hey!" she said by way of acknowledgement but then, as a teasing afterthought, yelled, "Nice arse!" and returned to her bedroom giggling.
Ok, so Beth had had a pretty good look at the goods by now. So let's fast forward to the next Monday. I'd stayed over at Rachel's, and had brought over my work clothes so I could change and go straight to work from her house. Of course, I needed to shower. So obviously I used the shared bathroom in the house. So jumping into the shower I twisted the taps to a decent temperature and soaped myself up with all the girly mango and charcoal shower products Rachel used. Felt amazingly cute smelling so great haha. So I'm lathering up my hair with some kind of flowery girly shampoo when someone starts banging the door down.
"Sorry, are you almost done in there?" Beth cried.
"Sorry Beth, still have to do my hair."
So at this point maybe I should describe the shower stall. It's a stand-up glass shower stall. Not frosted glass - completely clear glass - the entire length. Now ok, with a bit of steam you won't see much but you will see a pretty good outline of EVERYTHING. And oh, by the way, you can see out perfectly.
"I need a piss before the bus comes! Let me in, I won't look, promise!" Beth squealed, sounding a bit desperate.
Well all my Christmases had come at once. Leaning out of the shower stall, I undid the lock to the door. Still hanging out of the shower, Beth burst in.
"Thank GOD! Back in the shower now dirty boy," she winked.
However, I still got to see her undo her trousers, sit her plump arse on the toilet, and begin to pee. She was conspicuously looking at the shower stall as the piss hit the bowl loudly and she gasped in relief.
Standing up and zipping up she said, "Rachel is a lucky girl, I can see how big it is even through the steam!" Then, with a broad grin, she left.
Over the weeks Rachel and I had got into a routine of coming to my place for a couple of nights in the week, and then we'd spend virtually every weekend at her house. This suited us perfectly. Even when Rachel started taking yoga lessons on Saturday mornings, we continued this routine. I would simply sleep in, or work on some of the coursework for my Masters.
Around 3 weeks after the bathroom incident with Beth I woke up to birds chirping, opened my laptop and got to work. The house was completely my own, Rachel had gone to yoga and told me that Beth was away for the weekend. I fancied a coffee, so left for the kitchen, of course in my favoured completely nude state.
As the kettle boiled and clicked, the door burst open. I jumped in surprise.
"Beth! Sorry I thought you weren't here!" I stammered, hastily covering myself up with a saucepan.
She burst out laughing, "The event I was going to got cancelled - don't bother Matt, I've seen it all before!"
She snatched the saucepan out of my hand, and threw in some bacon. She was remarkably good looking considering she'd just got out of bed. She stood there in knickers and a thin white vest, with hard little nipples pointing out.
"He's quite the specimen," she laughed, nodding at my cock, "No wonder you're not shy."
"Well, I only really wear clothes if I have to - I like the freedom".
"Big thing like that can't be caged for too long I suppose," she retorted, trying to suppress a giggle at her own humour.
Pouring my coffee, I bade her goodbye as normally as possible in the circumstances.
"See you later. Don't worry, I won't tell Rachel about your little adventure. And by the way, thanks for the show," was Beth's parting shot.
Back in Rachel's bedroom my heart was pounding. The exhilaration I felt was just amazing. The accidental nature of my exposure made it even better. The gorgeous Beth had stood there admiring every inch of my naked body, loving me showing off my cock, my arse, my chest, my legs. I'd have to do this again, the excitement was like nothing I'd ever experienced before. And Beth seemed to be a good sport.
The next weekend, Rachel set off for yoga, leaving me in bed. I'd heard some early morning stirrings from next door, Beth's room. I just had to feel the excitement of showing off to Beth again. I'd woken up exactly how I was born, without a shed of synthetic or natural fibres clothing me. I left the bed, and without covering up, padded downstairs and into the kitchen. The kitchen tiles were cold against the soles of my feet, but the kitchen was warm enough otherwise. Firing up the stove, the door behind me creaked... Beth stood in the doorway, with a fluffy bathrobe on, lapels pulled slightly aside to show a healthy amount of braless cleavage.
"Being a naughty boy again?"
"Just minding my own business, making breakfast," I smirked.
She put bread in the toaster then sat down at the table, right behind me.
"Do you squat?"
"Yeah, my max is 200kg."
"You can tell. Wish I had a man with big round cheeks like that. Must be great to slap."
"You'd have to ask Rachel about that."
"Maybe I will. She's told me a little bit about the fun you two had; haven't had many details though."
Pop! Golden brown toast was retrieved from the toaster, before Beth returned to her seat. As my sausages sizzled in the pan, I turned around to face her.
"He's a little firm this morning."
"Well, he can get a little happy when he gets to venture out."
Beth regarded my cock.
"I wonder what he'd look like hard."
I turned to attend to my sausages.
"Give me a little show, show him nice and big for me," she all but commanded.
"That might be crossing a line... I'm making breakfast, I wouldn't be hard making breakfast would I?"
Beth mulled this over.
"Well if I don't see him hard it may be difficult for me to ... er ... keep this meeting in confidence shall we say."
The crafty little bitch. The excitement of exposing myself to this little minx meant it wouldn't take long to get to full mast. Turning round, I rubbed my smooth balls.
"That's it," Beth breathed, leaning back and taking a slice of toast. Slowly stroking the length of my shaft, it approached it's full 7 inches.
"He's a nice big boy!"
My glans slipped out of my foreskin, and slippery, clear pre-cum came out to softly lubricate my head. Standing up, Beth put her plate in the dishwasher, and smiled.
Thanks, Big Boy," she directed at my throbbing member as she sashayed out of the kitchen.
As I heard her bedroom door click closed I turned off the stove and ran into the bathroom. I was so horny, I had to start pumping my cock. I pumped away and then after what could only have been about 30 seconds, my spunk splattered the full length mirror. Breathing hard in absolute ecstasy, I cleaned up.
The next week I replayed the whole thing in my head. I could hardly concentrate on the spreadsheets at work thinking about Beth longingly gazing at my body. I just had to get another hit of this. Is this how smackheads felt? The taboo of doing all this without Rachel's knowledge just added to the animalistic thrill of it. I was counting down to Rachel leaving for yoga on Saturday morning ...
Come Saturday morning, I woke up and glanced at my phone - 09:40. Great, Rachel would be heading off in about 10 minutes. Rachel wasn't beside me, maybe she'd headed off early? The door swang open and in strode Rachel with two steaming mugs of coffee. She was sporting that sexy little black robe again. I gratefully accepted the coffee.
"Thanks, shouldn't you be dressed by now?" I asked with a genuinely concerned look, although little did she know what my real concern was!
"Yeah the teacher's ill and they haven't been able to get a substitute."
"Ah, OK. Never mind, there's always next week I suppose," I offered, doing my best to hide my disappointment. I took a sip of coffee.
Slumping into bed, Rachel said, "Yeah one week off won't do me any harm. Anyway let's start series 4!" She flicked Netflix open.
Damn! A week's delay to Beth's little show! Frustrated, I was even more restless in the ensuing week.
Anyway, Saturday morning finally came around. I woke up to Rachel in her leggings and top, yoga mat hanging on her left shoulder.
Kissing my forehead she said, "See you at 12 babe, hope you don't get too bored!"
Boredom was definitely not going to be a problem.
I stretched, and waggled the little fella about. I waited around 10 minutes, and then headed downstairs. I entered the lounge and flopped down on the sofa. Picking up the remote I flicked on the TV and switched it to one of the banal cooking programmes they have on Saturday mornings. I put the volume up a few notches. I wanted Beth to know where I was once she came downstairs. The sofa I was on was backed up against the same wall as the door. The door stood open to my left, the TV was hanging from the wall opposite. The net curtains would mean nobody from outside would be able to enjoy the show, but I didn't care. Beth was the only audience I wanted. I leaned back on the sofa, and put my hands behind my head. I relaxed, and waited whilst I heard some stirrings upstairs ...
I heard Beth softly padding down the stairs and immediately the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. My heart began to beat just half a beat quicker. As she reached the hallway, the floorboards creaked.
She called out, "Yoga off again Rach?"
She came through the door and saw me on the sofa.
"Woah, this is quite the treat!"
Before I knew it, she'd raised her phone and a loud electronic click made me gulp. She'd just got photographic evidence of me showing off to her.
Grasping for a cushion to cover me up she cackled, "I'm sure Rach would love to see this!"
Rachel knew I was a bit of an exhibitionist. However I doubt she would like the fact I was showing off to Beth in her absence.
"So, you'll have to do what I want you to do now I've got this dirt on you!" Beth giggled, sounding a bit like a mad scientist.
I blushed.
"She knows what I'm like, she won't care," I bluffed, but I had to try to convince her to delete the photo. She sat down beside me and wrapped her arm around my shoulder. She opened up her phone and started typing out a message with the picture attached. The caption read " Your BF put on quite the show for me this morning!".
"So babes," teased Beth, calling my bluff, "I might as well press SEND if she doesn't care."
"NO!" I cried, grasping for the phone.
Cackling, she stood up. This was obviously not ideal but my heart was racing, and my cock was stirring in the pure filthy exhibition the situation had created.
"Give me the cushion," ordered Beth, as she ripped the cushion from my hands and threw it aside. She raised her phone to frame me in the camera's lens.
"More pictures?"
"This is a video, babes. You'd better be a good boy or I might accidently send it to Rachel!"
Sighing but horny, I relaxed.
"Now lean back babes, lets get a good look at that body. You must have been working out! Look at those pecs! God you're treating me today. And look at that lovely cock, nice and thick and smooth as anything. Why don't you start rubbing those nice smooth balls?"
Smirking, I lowered my hand to my balls, and started stretching out my scrotum, before rolling my tight balls in my hand. My heart was racing faster and faster. My cock was slowly firming and had reached half its potential.
"Mmmm, get him nice and hard you dirty boy," Beth directed as she continued the videoing.
With this encouragement, he finally got to his full throbbing seven inches. Beth looked happy.
"Good boy! Wow he's so lovely to look at when he's all excited, isn't he?"
She tugged her vest down to show an inch of cleavage.
"Now I want you to jerk him off while looking at sexy little me."
I had no choice but to oblige. I gripped my shaft in my right hand, and slowly but purposefully stroked the full length. On the first stroke the head broke free of my foreskin and showed it's shiny purple colour to Beth. A tiny sliver of translucent precum eeked out and lubricated the head. With my left hand, I began to tug on my balls.
"Oh my what a treat, that lovely big cock getting pumped!"
Beth moved closer to me, only a metre away, positioned right between my widely spread legs.
"You're such a filthy boy, teasing me over the weeks with that sexy body. I had to get my own back on you and get you to my bidding," she cackled, now hovering the phone over my cock, "I think I better get a better look at that magnificent thing."
She took a small step even closer to me and then dropped to her knees. Her eyes were at the same level as the glistening head of my cock. Her nose must have only been four or five inches away. She pondered over my cock.
"Oh my he's so beautiful. I'd love to wrap my lips around that big juicy head of his. But then Rachel did say I could look, but not touch ..."
Her words were bringing me closer to the point of no return. I stopped tugging my balls and began pumping my cock harder. My balls slapped against the leather of the sofa and Beth continued to marvel at my dick. She clicked the phone and then turned it to show both her face and my cock on the front camera. What a picture!
Looking up at me she said, "I bet a nice big cock like that will make a big mess!"
And with that, I felt my cock tighten as I knew I'd passed the point of no return. A surge originated in my balls which then coursed through my cock. A spurt of hot, thick cum splattered over Beth's face. Her eyes closed as a another thick rope of cum draped itself over her nose and lips, a third spurt nestled into the hair just to the right of her face. Opening her eyes she beamed at me, and began licking up the cum that had covered her top lip.
"Now that was fun!".
Panting, I leaned back and relaxed.
The sound of the front door opening met our ears. Cold air entered the house and Rachel called out our names.
Grinning from ear to ear, Beth yelled out to Rachel, "Somebody's in trooooouuublee!"
***
Many thanks go to CyrusL and LostLittleLamb for helping me edit this.