I needed to figure out how to get rid of this boner. My cock twitched at me as if to say it needed more.
I came up with a brilliant idea. I put my pants on, and left my cock hanging out of my fly. I knocked on the door.
"Emily?" I asked.
"Yes?" I heard. I opened the door to see a fully clothed Emily who had composed herself quite quickly after her orgasm.
"You had a question earlier?" I questioned. It was then that she turned to me to see my huge cock swaying at her, almost begging to be fucked, or sucked, or whatever she was in the mood for.
"Rick, I-" she started, but chocked back the rest of her words.
"Hmm?" I almost moaned. When she says my name, it really gets me worked up. I walked to her and let my dick sway in her face.
"We really- You shouldn't be so bold with me." I could tell she wanted to look away but couldn't bring herself to.
"Bold? I find this quite comfortable actually. It's very freeing." I was lying. The zipper was rubbing my cock in the most horrendous way, but the blushing look on Emily's face was keeping it twitching. "Either way, you had a question earlier?" I asked.
"Yes, I-" She turned away then. My cock almost drooped from the loss of her gaze. "I was wondering about this company. They are getting very antsy about receiving their maps, but they have turned back every one we sent to them."
I leaned down and grabbed her desk and the back of her chair to ensure she could almost taste my cock. "Ok?"
"What should I do about it?" She asked. She turned to look up at me and almost knocked my cock with her nose. The wind from her turning made my cock shiver a little and I had to close my eyes tight to avoid moaning.
When I opened my eyes, she was staring, wide-eyed, at my throbbing shaft. I wanted to lean forward, just to touch her lips.
"Rick," she whispered. Her breath on my cock made it twitch again, almost touching her nose.
I sighed, "You really shouldn't say my name like that." And then I couldn't help myself. I grabbed my cock and started stroking it slowly. "In regard to that company, tell them I will contact them and get their take on the maps. If you need anything in the meantime, let me know."
I wanted her to grab my cock, put it in her mouth, and suck me off until I cum. She didn't. I turned and went back to my office.
"Rick?" Emily said as I walked through the door.
I turned quickly to see if she was going to ask me to stay. "Yes?" I sounded like a begging dog.
She stared at me for a moment, looked down at my cock and then bit her lip. "Never mind. I'll let you know what they say," and then she turned away from me.
I was extremely disappointed. I was ready for her. I would have done anything she wanted. But I was denied that pleasure, so I turned and closed the door behind me.
When I sat at my desk I noticed that the camera was still pulled up. I leaned back and looked at the beautiful girl who sat just a few yards away from me. She was typing on her compute, I'm sure letting the customer know I would contact them. After doing a bit more on her computer, she began again. I was stunned. Her movements were almost frantic.
She stood up quickly and pulled her skirt all the way up to her waist. She dropped her underwear to the ground and stepped out of them before throwing herself back into her chair and bracing herself with one leg against the desk and the other over the arm of the chair.
She was viciously bringing herself to a climax. I could hear her breathing through the door. She whimpered every breath. I didn't even realize I had started jerking myself to her. She was coming close, very quickly, and I was right behind her. I could feel the orgasm growing in my balls.
We came together. I came harder than I have ever cum before. It was like something over took my body and it just kept coming out.
Once that was finished, I was spent. My cock softened and I was well pleased and exhausted. That was, until I saw that Emily was going for another round. I almost couldn't believe it. This would be what? 3 orgasms? I knew women could keep going all day long, but I had never seen it.
Maybe she hadn't finished when I did. But no, I did see her squirt onto the papers on her desk. This was definitely another round.
And that's when I made my choice. I crept to the door connecting our two offices and gently opened it, silently. Regardless, I don't think she would have heard the door opening in the state she was in.
When I saw her, her eyes were closed tight and she was playing so well with herself. She had pulled up her skirt well past her hips, her underwear was gone, her feet place so I could clearly see her playing with herself. Her shirt was unbuttoned all the way and she had one hand absently playing with her tits. I could feel myself being turned on again, but I don't think I could really go for another round. Not like she was.
Then, I couldn't contain myself. I went right up to her, kneeled in front of her, grabbed her by the hips and put my tongue to her clit.
"Oh my god!" She was taken aback. I think she even thought about pushing me off. But I was already at work with her. She couldn't help herself. "Oh, Rick!"
"I told you, you shouldn't say my name like that." It was a small break, but I could tell the growl in my voice really turned her on. She moaned out my name again, which only pressed me to flick my tongue faster and harder against her clit.
She was breathless, I was ready for her to cum all over my mouth. She tasted sweet and salty at the same time. I had never tasted something so good in my life.
That's when she grabbed my hair. She tugged lightly and then pushed me harder onto her clit. I moaned at the dominance she was showing. She might be in charge now, but when I have her completely, I will have the power. I'll let her have it for now.
Her moans were getting more and more high pitched as her pussy started contracting against my tongue. I could feel her orgasm coming. It was the hottest thing I had taken part of in my life. Someone could have walked in at any moment. No one did, I couldn't tell if that was a good or bad thing.
When she came, it was delicious. I drank up as much of her as I could. She arched in her chair and grabbed my hair hard. I pulled her closer to me and ensured she would not shake out of my grip as the orgasm took over her body.
After she finished, she sighed deeply and sat back in her chair, her eyes still closed. I lapped up what was left of her cum and watched as she shivered against my tongue. I smiled against her pussy and licked from her cunt all the way up to her tits and sucked each nipple.
"Oh my god, Rick." She said. Her eyes were still closed and I grabbed on to her right nipple again as she said it. "That was..."
"Amazing," I murmured as I released her nipple to look at her.
She opened her eyes and gazed at me for a moment. "That was bad. That was..."
"Everything I imagined it to be." I leaned up to her to kiss her on her lips but she stopped me.
"Rick, this is not something that can happen. This isn't allowed." Her hand on my chest sent a shiver down my spine.
"What do you mean? People break the rules all the time." I leaned away from her, almost shocked.
"This is against the rules. You're my boss. This is... It's a conflict of interests. It would be like me fucking my teacher for an A." She said. She tried to close her legs from me but I still help firm to her legs.
"This is not a school, I am not your teacher, and I cannot give you a grade based on how good the sex is." I said. I rubbed circles on thigh with my thumb. "But if I could, I'm sure you wouldn't fit on the scale."
This warranted a small snicker and a blush from her. With that approval, I leaned forward again and lapped at her pussy. She quivered again but pushed me away.
"Rick, this can't happen."
"No one has to know." I pushed.
"We would know! I would know."
"Do you really not want to?" I almost whimpered. I was hurt. She was everything I wanted and now she confesses that she doesn't want me.
"This can never happen again. I'm sorry if I tempted you or you felt I was trying to seduce you. But this cannot happen again."
With that, she shook my hands off of her, pulled down her skirt, buttoned up her shirt and went back to work. I kneeled there for a second still, processing this "break up". Then I stood up and straightened my hair.
"Let me know if you have any other questions." I turned to leave and then she replied.
"Yes, Mr. Harrison."
I paused. This hurt even more. She won't call me Rick.
I continued to my office, closed the door and sat at my desk. I sat and debated with myself, trying to convince myself that she was right, we shouldn't. But nothing hurt more than being demoted back to Mr. Harrison.