After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
4NR helped Emily carry the two small boxes of possessions into her new apartment. Well, calling it an "apartment" was a bit of a stretch. It was a single room in a hallway full of identical rooms, much like a college dormitory. But then, comparing it to an Earth 1 college dormitory would also require coming up with an explanation for why it was populated entirely with naked women wearing collars. Here, though, this was normal.
Two boxes of stuff were a surprisingly small amount of possessions for a woman, but this woman, like every other woman on this planet, didn't own a single item of clothing. Perhaps it was a surprisingly large amount of stuff after taking that into consideration, and the fact that this woman had only lived on this planet for a month. Inside the boxes were two pairs of shoes, personal hygiene items, makeup and hair care products. Perhaps it was just surprising how much space these small items took up once you put them all together.
The room contained a bed on one side, and a desk with a Vidlink on top of it on the other. Under the desk was a chest of drawers which would hold her personal effects. All in all, the room was small but tasteful, and everything was brand new including the paint. Taking into account it was rent-free, and all of her living expenses would be paid from now on, you had to hand it to them. They looked after their fuck-toys here.
The Vidlink was set up with her new name and did everything she might desire entertainment wise. It had live streams, music, online shopping, the Datacore, and it also functioned as a video phone with an answering service. The one thing she didn't have was a way to contact Collingwood yet, so she had to wait on him to find her. Calling the Space Port and asking for him had been an exercise in frustration, and fronting up there unannounced and possibly bumping into her old crew and having them see her like this was completely out of the question.
"Ok, remember, 7GQ," 4NR began as she put her box down, "You have my name, and I am only three buildings away. You can vid with me or come and visit me anytime. I will always be happy to help you or just be a friend whenever you need one."
"Thanks, 4NR. I may just do that," Emily replied. "I'm feeling a bit scared and alone right now, and I'm not sure what happens next."
"I understand," 4NR replied. "Ok let us meet for dinner each night for a while and discuss anything troubling you. If you are in need of coupling, there is a popular bar two blocks from here where it is usually not difficult to attract a man."
"Um… ok. A drink would be good, I guess, but I'm not sure I'd have the courage to go to a bar alone just yet," Emily replied honestly.
"You are still nervous, 7GQ?" 4NR asked in surprise. "I am so sorry for the way you were raised. The people who did that to you have much to answer for. I usually only keep a small supply of the pills for nervous debs, but I can get more if you need them, if that would help?"
Emily remembered how horny and uninhibited those pills had made her during Debutante. Was that a good thing or bad now that having sex with strangers was expected of her? It didn't seem like there was going to be any way to avoid it unless she resigned herself to never leaving her room again. That could actually be an option, but it could also go bad if it was discovered. The other women there would notice it for starters. She also knew that the longer she put it off, the harder it would be to start. This was going to be her home for at least a few years, and possibly her whole life if Collingwood couldn't find a way to get them back again. It would be better to just learn how to live in this world and not be weighed down by the baggage she brought with her from Earth 1, which she might never return to again. Maybe some of those pills would help her get over this first hurdle then?
"Um… you know what? I think the pills might help me, 4NR, if it's not too much to ask?"
Did I really just ask that? Am I actually accepting the idea of being a fuck-toy now?
"Not at all," 4NR replied. "I can give you four now if you follow me back to my apartment again, and I can get more tomorrow. Take one about an hour before coupling. The effect lasts about 6 - 8 hours. Only take one at a time, and you should not use them for more than two weeks. They become less potent and difficult to stop with time."
"That's ok. I didn't plan on using them forever," Emily replied. As much as she loathed doing what she had to do now, she didn't want to add addiction or substance abuse to her problems.
Later, Emily sat alone on her bed and fingered one of the small white pills. Then without thinking about it further, she quickly downed it with a swig of water. About 30 minutes later, she felt the warmth and horniness of its effects kicking in and set off to find the bar 4NR had mentioned. She couldn't believe she was doing this by herself and of her own volition. Perhaps it was that lonely feeling pushing her? Perhaps it was just accepting the inevitable and pushing herself to get on with it? She wasn't completely sure. It just felt like something she needed to get done and over with, knowing the first time would be the hardest.
It turned out to be quite a busy place with lots of men and women, and she could see "coupling" occurring here and there. She ordered the local equivalent of a rum and coke and found a barstool to sit on as she sipped it. Alcohol never tasted so good.
Is it hot in here?
"'Display', 7GQA9E."
Emily looked up to see a man about her age smiling at her. She gulped in fear but at the same time she had been feeling the horniness building and was starting to think a trip to the bathroom might be in order to take matters into her own hands.
She did her best to smile back as she assumed the position, spreading her buttocks towards him. Almost immediately he began fucking her right at the bar! It felt good too, and this guy was lasting longer than the average Earth 2 guy from what she'd experienced so far. She could feel an orgasm building but then to her disappointment she felt him cum and then withdraw.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E," he finished with as he zipped himself up.
"Thank you, kind sir," she replied with a smile.
Dammit, I was right on the brink!
The pressure now was too much, and she turned back to face the bar on her barstool, dropping a hand into her lap and pressing a finger against her clit as nonchalantly as possible. She was so close that she could feel the early twinges.
Touching myself just a little longer won't hurt. Oops! Too much!
She was cumming. She kept her head down and tried to not let anything show, but her body betrayed her and convulsed several times.
"Another drink, 7GQA9E?"
Emily looked up to see the bartender in front of her, frowning slightly.
"Mmm.. mmm.. Yes please," Emily replied as another convulsion went through her body. "S-same agggain th-thanks…"
"Coming right up!"
Finally, the orgasm subsided.
Oh God, what have I done??? I just rubbed one out sitting naked in a crowded bar!
The old Emily would have been completely appalled. She knew she couldn't be that Emily anymore for now, so she needed to get past those feelings somehow. Here she was 7GQA9E, a naked sex toy available to all men. There was still plenty of the old Emily inside her, though, and she was mortified to think that anyone might have seen what she had just done.
Slowly she forced herself to turn around and scan the faces around her. She half expected a crowd might have formed. It wasn't quite that bad as it turned out but there were still at least half a dozen people looking right at her, and their expressions revealed that they had indeed seen everything and were in no doubt about what had happened. Two men standing together wore knowing smiles, but another two men in a group with two women were all frowning.
Apparently wanking in public is a bit of a social faux pas for a naked woman… Blow jobs - yes. Fucking - yes. Hand jobs - yes. Wanking - no. Ok then…
One of the smilers approached her.
"'Kneel' and 'Open', 7GQA9E."
Moments later she was on her knees with her mouth open, waiting on the guy to put his penis into her mouth, which he did. The old Emily was still screaming at her that this was wrong. She was a Starship Captain with a masters in aeronautical engineering for fuck's sake. She shouldn't be on her knees naked in a bar blowing some guy she didn't even know! She wasn't like that. Captain Emily Birmingham only had sex on her terms with a partner of her choosing. She didn't just let random guys use her without so much as buying her a drink first, and she certainly didn't parade around naked in a public place.
Soon she was swallowing semen with these thoughts still swirling around in her head.
Ugh! Hopefully that bartender has that second rum and coke ready.
"'Open', 7GQA9E."
His friend wants a blowjob as well?
A few minutes later she was swallowing a second load of semen. Now she really needed that drink to get the taste out of her mouth if nothing else.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E," he acknowledged while zipping up, but then he didn't just walk away like the men of this world usually did after they got off. "We were most intrigued to see your err… performance there a few moments ago. We have never seen a woman do that before. I do not suppose you would be willing to do it again?"
Oh God! On the other hand, I'm still horny AF and I gotta get used to being a fuck-toy now…
"Um… maybe not here, and I'll need a drink first," Emily replied, blushing somewhat.
"Of course. My name is William, and this is Karl," he replied.
Dudes introducing themselves? There's something new. Well, it would have been nicer to get an introduction before I blew them, but it's something.
"Uhh… pleased to meet you," Emily replied while sipping her rum. Then she changed her mind about sipping, pulled the straw out and then downed it in one before placing the empty glass back on the bar. "Bartender?"
"Karl has an apartment a short distance from here. We can go there if you like?" the one called William suggested.
Emily wondered briefly why they didn't just order her to 'Come' and take her there anyway. Then she realised it must be because they wanted her to put on a show for them, which fell outside of the rules of this place and required her permission. Permission? It was almost worth accepting the request on that basis alone. No one ever asked permission for anything around here when it came to sex.
Fuck it. Why not!
She was going to need a couple more drinks to lower her inhibitions a bit more first, despite the effects of the pill. In the meantime, she decided to see if they would have an actual conversation with her so she could see if they saw her as a person or a piece of meat. It was more out of curiosity than anything else, but it would also give her time to get those drinks in.
"So, what do you guys do anyway?" she asked, starting a conversation.
"We both work in an office downtown. It is interesting work but perhaps a little boring for some."
The small talk continued for about half an hour and then Emily found herself in an elevator on her way to Karl's apartment. On Earth 1 she would never have taken a risk like this. She hoped these two were classic Earth 2 guys and they weren't leading her to a kill room or something like that. Her fears about that were soon put to rest, but other fears were to emerge fairly quickly.
"'Sit', 7GQA9E," Karl commanded as they led her into a small lounge room and helped her up onto a coffee table in the centre. "Are you comfortable there to repeat your performance for us?"
Emily had already assumed the position, squatting with her legs far apart and hands behind her neck up on the table. It still felt weird to display herself so graphically like this in front of two men, but she tried to calm her nerves by assuring herself she'd been naked for a month now and had performed the position multiple times. The combination of alcohol and 4NR's pill were certainly helping to that end as well. Was she really going to masturbate in front of them as well, though? It felt so slutty, but then also daring, and she was really horny.
"Um… I guess so," Emily replied, and then realised she had come this far. There was no backing out now.
She unclasped her fingers from behind her neck. One hand made its way to her hairless mons while the other started massaging her breast. She started with a circular motion on her clit, occasionally dipping her middle finger inside before repeating the pattern. I felt amazing. The pill made her whole body come alive so that all she could think about was touching and being touched. She closed her eyes and softly moaned. Occasionally she opened them again to look into the faces of the men watching her. She knew she should have felt mortified, but instead, knowing they were watching drove her to new levels of excitement. Another blink open and she noticed they were undressing. Another blink and they had their cocks in their hands, kneading themselves to erection. Next, she was cumming. Someone was kissing her on the mouth now. She could feel his tongue. She thrust her tongue into his mouth in response as she continued to shake with orgasm.
At last, the orgasm subsided, and the man gently broke away from the kiss. It was William.
"'Come', 7GQA9E," he commanded while holding out his hand to help her down from the table, before leading her into the bedroom.
He turned her around and kissed her again. Next Karl's face replaced his and she was kissing him.
"'Lay', 7GQA9E," Karl requested, breaking away from the kiss and gesturing towards the bed.
Emily happily responded, laying back onto the bed and holding her knees as she spread herself wide. Karl began fucking her, and it was exactly what she needed. She could feel his stiffness and it was pushing all of the right buttons. A penis appeared in front of her face, and she eagerly took it into her mouth. She wasn't sure how long this went on. The combination of the pill and the alcohol had put her into kind of a sexual dream-like state where the only thing that mattered was pleasure. She writhed on the bed as the two had their way with her, and she loved every moment of it. Eventually she felt Karl cum inside her, so she raised her hips to meet his thrusts. As Karl withdrew, William also withdrew himself from her mouth, much to her disappointment, but then he replaced Karl fucking her and she was pleased again. Karl's face appeared in front of hers, so she leaned forward and started kissing him, their tongues intertwining while William continued his thrusting. She came again, and shortly after, William followed. It was heavenly.
*****
Emily awoke to daylight streaming through the window. For a moment she didn't recognise her surroundings yet again. This was starting to get old. She looked around the room. There was a man sleeping in front of her facing away and there was a hand on her breast. She traced the hand to someone spooning behind her and glanced over her shoulder to see another man sleeping there. She remembered everything now, but in the cold light of day with the effects of the pill and alcohol now worn off, she was suddenly overwhelmed with shame and needed to get out of there.
"Good morning, beautiful woman," Karl smiled while caressing her hair. "Would you like some coffee? Perhaps something to eat?"
As much as she wanted to get out of there ASAP, she decided some politeness was in order. Staying for a coffee wouldn't hurt.
"Sure, that would be lovely. Just coffee will be fine thanks."
William and Karl both sat with her making small talk as she drank. She did her best to appear pleasant while subtly trying to slurp faster so she could make her excuses and leave as quickly as possible, but it wasn't to be.
"'Kneel' and 'Open', 7GQA9E," Karl commanded as soon as she'd finished, and she found herself blowing both men on her knees once again.
Dammit.
Some half hour later she was finally able to take a shower before hailing a cab. During the ride, she thought about everything that had happened. She'd been fucked by one guy in a bar and then masturbated publicly. While she had hoped to be subtle about the masturbation part, she accidentally made herself cum and the scene had been witnessed by several people. Then she blew two other guys who then took her home with them. She had then masturbated again in front of them, not so subtly this time, while squatting on a coffee table. Then she allowed herself to be double-teamed before they all slept together, and she had blown them both once again in the morning.
Coffee and semen. Some breakfast... Ugh!
She cursed 4NR's pill and wanted to be sick. That wasn't her! There was no fucking way!
Then she tried convincing herself that the sex with the two men had been easily the most personal sex she'd experienced since she'd been here. There'd been kissing, and they hadn't just tossed her aside like a piece of meat afterwards. They'd spent the night together and woken up together, and apart from "the commands" to have sex with them, which in this place was standard fare anyway, they'd been perfect gentlemen the whole time. They'd even asked for her consent, and they were certainly appreciative afterwards. Maybe it wasn't so bad? At the very least she'd broken her cherry of going solo in this place, so now that was out of the way.
Once in her room she turned on the Vidlink and set it to music while she lay on the bed and tried to block her current predicament out of her mind for a while. It didn't escape her attention that she was yet to sleep in the bed, and it was Day 2 of occupying the room.
Music here was kind of odd, she realised. It was all so familiar but yet so different. It was like she was listening to the same tunes but recorded by different artists with their own renditions and different lyrics. Parallel worlds were a curious thing. Same but not the same in so many subtle and not so subtle ways.
She was startled to hear the same warbling sound she had heard several times while staying with 4NR.
Someone's calling me? It must be Collingwood. At last! Hopefully he has some good news.
She answered it, only to have the General's face appear on her wall.
WTF? What could he possibly want?
"Err… General McAlister. Sir! Err… good morning to you. What can I do for you?" she asked.
"7GQA9E, I feel it is time we met again and had a chat. Are you available today?"
"Um… yes sure. Of course. Where would you like to meet?"
"My office is preferred. I will send a car for you. Shall we say 10:00?"
"No problems. I will wait here then."
"Thank you, 7GQA9E," he replied, and with that he blinked out and the music resumed.
Holy fuck! What could he want? Could it be that he's going to let me off the hook with the requirements of this place after all? He knows about parallel worlds and that I'm not from this one. He must now know that in my world women wear clothes and have a choice about who they sleep with. He must have some empathy that none of this can be natural or easy for me, surely? Could I actually be getting out of this at last? I only hope I don't bump into the crew until this situation is resolved.
She had about an hour before the car was due to arrive. It was time to shower, shave and use the clyster just in case. She had to show the General she was playing ball even if he was going to let her wear clothes again.
Clothes… How I miss clothes…
*****
A short time later she was at the Space Port and being led inside a building towards the General's office. It looked a lot like home here so being naked felt even more wrong than usual, and the prospect of possibly running into her crew weighed heavily on her mind so her eyes constantly darted around nervously. She felt even more exposed and out of place when she was standing in front of the General's desk inside his office. All around the room she could see Space and Navy memorabilia just like the General's office back home, and the man looking at her right now bore a striking resemblance to the McAlister she knew as well. The overall effect was that she felt like she was at home again and standing in front of her boss, totally nude with her hands behind her back. It would be a scandalous situation for both parties back home to say the least.
"7GQA9E, I trust you are settling in?" he finally asked as he looked up from the paperwork in front of him.
"Yes, sir. I won't say it has been easy, but I think I'm getting there now."
"That is good to hear," he replied with a smile. "I had grave concerns for you on the day we first met. I still have trouble believing that another world exists where women wear clothing the same as men. It seems so… well perverted and err… if I may use an outdated expression, unholy… Nevertheless, I have had time to consider it now and I believe I may have a sense of what it would have been like for you to arrive here. I think it would be much like if I awoke one morning as a woman and suddenly had my clothes taken from me after a lifetime of being covered. I have a sense that I would feel shame. Is that correct?"
"Yes, sir, that's exactly how I felt, sir," Emily replied, liking where this was going. He did understand that this was humiliating and hard for her after all.
"Hmm… it seems so… unusual," he replied, seemingly deep in thought. "I also considered that if I did wake up as a woman then I would think as a woman does as well, so I would desire to quickly shed my clothing. Did you not feel the same?"
"Um… no, sir," Emily replied. "For me it was normal to wear clothing. Seeing all of the women without clothing here shocked me, and I felt ashamed when my clothing was taken from me."
"Do you still feel ashamed now?" he asked.
"Very much so, sir," she replied with all honesty, noticing the General nodded slowly in response to her answer.
"And I understand that women do not just wear clothes in your world but aspire to follow the same rules as men as well?"
"That is correct, sir, yes," Emily replied.
"So, obeying the commands must seem… err shameful to you as well?" he asked.
"Yes, sir, only a dog would be expected to obey its master like that," Emily replied. "Back on my world, a woman would be likely to smack a man's face if he demanded obedience from her like a dog."
The General raised his eyebrows at that.
"Would you smack my face, 7GQA9E?"
"No, sir. Never!" Emily replied.
"That is good to hear. Now 'Sit', 7GQA9E."
Really?
The command was unexpected. Nevertheless, she went into a squat position and placed her hands behind her neck.
"Very good," the General praised with a slight smirk. "Tell me, do you feel more shame in being revealed like this now, or more shame that you obeyed my command like… a dog?"
"Both, sir," she replied.
This caused him to smirk wider.
"So, tell me, how do you feel about coupling? I am told that on your world a woman chooses her coupling partners for herself?"
"That is correct, yes, sir," Emily replied and then swallowed, hoping this wasn't about to go where it seemed like it was going.
"So, you would also feel err… shame if you were made to couple with someone not of your choosing?"
"More like anger, sir," Emily replied, "but shame as well, sir, yes."
"So, I am to understand that you feel shame in being revealed, shame in following the commands, and shame in coupling?"
"That is correct, sir, yes," Emily replied. At least he seemed to understand her. Could she still hope for an escape?
"That is extremely intriguing," he responded, smirking once again. "'Kneel' and 'Open', 7GQA9E."
She realised now that there was no hope for her after all with this guy. More the opposite. He seemed to be getting off on the idea that she found all of this stuff degrading.
Her shoulders slumped as she dropped to her knees and placed her hands behind her back, then opened her mouth. Sure enough, the General unzipped and moments later she had his penis in her mouth. She dismissed her outrage and disappointment, and started working on him obediently, but almost stopped again in surprise when she heard a knock at the door.
"Oh sorry, sir, I can come back later," the male voice stated.
Collingwood!
"It is fine, Captain Collingwood. I will not be long. Perhaps you would also enjoy coupling with 7GQA9E after I am finished?"
Emily almost gagged on the General's penis. Collingwood was in the room watching her blow yet another man on her knees while completely nude! And this time it was their boss!
"Uh… no that's quite alright, sir. I am currently quite satisfied in that regard, if it's all the same to you," Collingwood replied.
"I insist!" the General replied. "She is very good!"
"I'm sure she is, sir. She seems… enthusiastic," Collingwood replied. "Perhaps another time, sir."
She could imagine Collingwood grinning at all this even though she couldn't see him from her vantage point right at that moment, which was probably a good thing. Still, knowing he was there, was enough to make her more than a little self-conscious as she continued her work.
"As you wish," the General replied with a shrug followed shortly after with a grunt as his ejaculate spurted down Emily's throat.
"Have you told her the news yet, sir?" Collingwood asked as the General zipped himself up.
"Not yet, Captain. I needed to be assured she had assimilated first," the General replied. "'Present', 7GQA9E."
She assumed the 'Present' position, which was completely mortifying to do in front of Collingwood again, especially after he had just witnessed her blowing their boss on her knees. Could there be hope after all, though? What was the news?
"I have a job for you, 7GQA9E, if you are interested," the General went on. "The tasks are menial but if you perform them well it may lead to more complex duties in due course. It is mostly secretarial. Filing and so on. There is only one other woman working there, and there are twelve men so they could use another."
Her shoulders slumped a little as she realised what that meant. They needed a second mouth and vagina more than anything else they might want her for.
"It's in a research facility not far from mine," Collingwood added. "They're currently assisting me with the issue of adapting their thruster technology into our ship, but they're also starting to nut out the refining process for aquinium, once we locate a deposit, of course. So, you'd be helping with the parallel universe project in a way."
Emily brightened a bit at that. It sounded like bitch-work, and she was also going to be used for sex, and she was still naked, but she would be playing a part in the solution to get home again. Anything she could do to speed up the process of getting out of this place was better than nothing.
"Thank you, General," she replied. "It sounds good. I accept."
"Very well," The General replied. "I will have Captain Collingwood show you around and introduce you to the team."
"Thank you, sir," Emily replied.
"You are dismissed," the General responded. "Do your job well, 7GQA9E."
"I guess 'Come' would be in order then, 7GQA9E?" Collingwood suggested.
Emily made a face and then fell in line behind him as he led her from the room.
"You seem to be adapting to the local customs quite nicely then, I see," Collingwood commented as they got out of the General's earshot.
"Fuck off, Collingwood!" Emily spat back, which made him laugh.
"You are completely charming in more ways than one, Captain," he replied. "It's a shame that you aren't adapting in mind as much as you seem to be in body. Your current uniform appears to be entirely suited to you, and your enthusiasm with the duties of womanhood here have been nothing short of spectacular from what I've seen."
"Yeah, lap it up, fuckwit," Emily replied. "My God, you've never needed a kick in the balls as much as you do right now, Collingwood. If I thought I could get away with it I would have done it already."
"Now, now, Captain," he responded. "Don't forget I'm your only chance of getting out of here. I was merely pointing out that I think you're beautiful and I admire the way you've womanned up and done what you had to do here, as distasteful as you find it. You have my respect in more ways than one, and I say that in all sincerity."
"Ok, I'm sorry then, Collingwood, ok? I guess I'm a bit upset with you. Why haven't you contacted me in all this time? It's been nearly a month since I last heard from you. I've been all alone and completely in the dark."
"Has it really been that long?" he replied in surprise. "It is me who should apologise then. I knew you were doing your, err… deb training at first, so you would be otherwise occupied. After that it seems I have been caught up in my work and lost track of time."
"Do you at least have something to report then?" Emily asked.
"Nothing to add since our last conversation unfortunately," he replied. "We still have not located an aquinium deposit, and adapting their thruster system has been far more complex than I anticipated. These issues must be solved before I even begin examining our hyperdrive data to see if I can work out how and why we ended up here and how we can get back."
"Oh," Emily replied, hanging her head.
"Buck up, Captain. These things take time. We already knew that much," Collingwood assured her before stopping outside a building. "Ahh, here's your new office. Let's go in and introduce you."
Emily looked around inside and noticed a fairly standard office arrangement, with the exception of beakers and other scientific equipment on benches around the outskirts. Seated inside she could see about a dozen men and one woman. At least she wouldn't be the only one naked or the only woman here. Emily guessed that the woman may have some Central American ancestry. She was older, but beautiful with brown skin and dark hair, a stocky build, more muscular than fat, with strong thighs, curvy hips and fairly large breasts. As Emily circled the room shaking everyone's hand and introducing herself, she learned by the silver tag on the woman's collar that her name was 4D9Y2Y.
"How's it going um… 7GQA9E?" the woman asked with a wide smile as she shook Emily's hand. "I'm 4D9Y2Y. I'm so happy to see another gal in here! These fellas some days don't leave me no time to myself."
She uses contractions! No one I've met so far on this world uses those. Could she be from another world as well?
*****
The following weeks settled into a pattern. Every morning Emily would show up and fuck or blow at least two of her colleagues. By the end of the day that number would be closer to six. The work itself consisted of menial tasks just as she had been assured. It was mostly filing, printing copies, and running errands.
At least once every week the General sent for her and 'commanded' that she pose in various positions before having her give him a blowjob. He seemed to find her unique combination of obedience and shame a complete turn-on. So much for maybe getting some sympathy from him to get her out of this mess. He actually liked the fact that she was mortified but still did everything he asked anyway. There was no way he was ever going to let her out of it. Fucking sadist.
One day she was performing a blowjob for one of the guys while right beside her 4D9Y2Y was also on her knees doing the same for another. They looked sideways at each other and 4D9Y2Y smiled. Emily returned the smile and then waggled her eyebrows, causing them both to almost burst out laughing and choke on the penises in their throats.
"Wanna grab a bite?" 4D9Y2Y asked when they were both finished.
"Absolutely! I am literally starving," Emily replied.
After grabbing meals from the canteen, they found a table under a shady tree outside. They talked shop for a while followed by discussing their colleagues' various penis shapes and sizes while mimicking their orgasm styles, which led to bouts of laughter. Emily felt like it was the first time she had laughed, like really laughed, since landing on this world. There were tears running down her face and her sides were aching. Finally, the laughter died down and there was a lull in the conversation.
"Tell me something, 4D9," Emily began. "What do you know about parallel universes?"
"You mean like other worlds that are similar to ours but with some differences?" 4D9 answered.
"Exactly," Emily confirmed.
"I dunno," 4D9 replied. "Makes for interesting Sci-Fi I guess."
"So how old are you and how long have you been in this version of Earth?" Emily asked.
"What do you mean?"
"I know you're not from here," Emily continued. "Neither am I. I can tell by the way you speak. You use contractions just like I do. No one else here talks like us. If you haven't figured it out yet, the work we're involved in here is actually supporting my Chief Engineer. He played a major role in the design of the hyperdrive system that brought us here and he's working on procuring the fuel to get us home again. I was actually the captain of the starship that brought us here."
"Holy fuck!" 4D9 responded.
"So?" Emily pressed.
"Ok… yeah. I got here a bit over ten years ago now, I guess," 4D9 conceded. "I'm 36 years old now and left home at 25 so that would be about right. It was a solo mission and I thought I did everything right, but something went wrong just after re-entry, and I had to eject. Thankfully the life pod held together so I got out of it without any serious injuries, but the ship was lost. Next thing I know I had people running up to me going off their brains about the suit I was wearing, and next thing you know, here I am, naked as a jaybird, shaved cunny, and sucking cock every day."
"Was it a hyperdrive system?" Emily asked.
"Yeah, it was. Don't ask me how it worked, though. I was just the pilot and they told me which buttons I had to push. That's about all I know."
"Pity," Emily replied sadly. "It might have helped Collingwood if you still had your ship, but you never know. You might know something useful that will help him. So, tell me, did you have trouble adapting?"
"Oh, fuck yes," 4D9 responded. "They caned my butt and then put me through Debutante. I'd never done nothing like that in my life, and walking around naked took more than a little getting used to. Now, though, I like my life here. I can't imagine what it would be like to be dressed again. I'm not sure I'd even want to now, and sucking cock ain't so bad after a while neither. There's a lot of upsides compared to where I was from once you get past that stuff. They treat women like gold here when you lay it all out bare just like we are."
"Have you had any kids?" Emily asked, the thought of eventual pregnancy still weighing heavily on her mind.
"Yeah, five of them. Fuck knows where the little pollitos are now, but I know wherever they are they'll be doing ok. I got my silver collar now so that ain't a problem no more, though. Kind of a pity really. Being knocked up was a great little vacation. Lucky they think my job here is important enough to keep me here so I don't have to look after nobody else's rugrats. I'm still fucking and sucking, though."
"Was it hard to give them up?"
"The first one was, yeah, but you learn to trust the system here. They get a better upbringing here than I could have given them on my world. My world was kind of a cesspit compared to here. Sure, we got to wear clothes, but a girl couldn't even go for a jog at night without worrying about being jumped by some psycho, and glass ceilings and pay inequality were crazy bad. That's even if you could get a job."
"Sounds like my world," Emily pondered. "Hey, maybe we're from the same place? I kind of miss classic rock radio stations a bit. You know, Bowie, the Stones, Led Zep, the Doors?"
"Yeah… never heard of them," 4D9 replied. "We had guys like the Pikes, Womble Wizards, Jerry and the Clams, and Nickelback."
"What the fuck? Nickelback? We had them in my world too. OMG!"
"Yeah, they're here too. You haven't heard them yet?"
"Seriously?" Emily replied incredulously. "Out of all the bands that could have spanned multiple universes, it had to be Nickelback?"
"Oh, they ain't so bad, but it sounds like we're not from the same place after all then," 4D9 conceded.
"I think our worlds probably still have more in common with each other than they do with this one, though," Emily considered.
"Sounds like it," 4D9 agreed. "Um… well, I guess we should be getting back. We've been here for over an hour, and someone will miss us and come looking soon. Waddya say, same time same place again tomorrow?"
"Sounds like a plan," Emily replied with a smile. She had a new friend, and one that she had something in common with that she couldn't share with anyone else here.
*****
A week later she had been summoned to the General's office just after lunch where he put her through her paces once again. She was there blowing him on her knees again when Collingwood walked in on the scene for the second time.
"Oh sorry, sir," he expressed. "I'll just wait outside."
"Nonsense, Captain! Take a seat, I will be with you in a moment… and…. ahh, there we go," the General replied as he shot his load into Emily's throat, completely oblivious to her wide eyes at being seen doing this by Collingwood yet again. "So, what can I do for you?"
"Actually, I was looking for 7GQA9E, sir, and I see I've found her," Collingwood replied. "Do you mind if I take her off your hands for a while?"
"Not at all," the General replied. "Our business is finished here for the time being, so be my guest. She may well be the best oral coupler I have ever experienced. Enjoy!"
"Err… thank you, sir," Collingwood replied. "7GQA9E, 'Come'."
Emily rose to her feet and wiped her mouth as she prepared to follow him.
If there was one thing that still mortified her to her very core, even more than having the General talking about her right in front of her like she was just a piece of meat, it was having Collingwood see her like this. For the people of this world, she was just another woman going about her plain old everyday duty. It wouldn't even raise an eyebrow. As much as she still loathed being watched or even looked at, there was some solace for her in knowing that to anyone here it was just an everyday thing and she was just another naked woman, just like every other woman here. In Collingwood's case though, he knew her. He knew who she really was and could see what she had become. She hated having him see her naked body, and she hated him seeing her on her knees giving some man a blowjob. It made her feel slutty. Easy. Fallen. Compromised. Debased.
"I thought we should proceed to my office," Collingwood began as they walked. "I feel like such a cad for leaving you out of the loop recently and there's something I'd like to show you."
"The rest of the crew aren't there, are they?" Emily asked, not wanting to be seen by them in this state if she could help it.
"No, Jenkins and Norris will be in the lab or otherwise occupied, and the others have been reassigned to other positions off base," he replied. "You're not still shy are you, Captain?"
Getting no response, he turned around to ensure she was still following, not missing the opportunity to admire her naked form.
"You needn't be concerned. You truly are breathtaking," he assured her. "Seeing you like this almost discourages me from wanting to find a way off this rock."
"I'm not in the mood, Collingwood," Emily scowled, still trying to compose herself after he had seen her once again blowing the General.
"Yes, well. Hopefully I can brighten your day," he replied as he entered a door with a glass panel. "Please have a seat."
Emily took a seat in front of the desk as Collingwood eased himself into his overly padded leather chair on the other side.
"Let me see here. Where is it now?" he mumbled as he shuffled through papers on his desk. "Ahh, here we go. I got this only this morning and I just had to show you."
He handed her what appeared to be a map.
"What am I looking at here, Collingwood?" she asked.
"It's a geological survey, and right there is an aquinium deposit," he replied, placing his finger on a small, shaded area on the map. "Captain Birmingham, we've struck aquinium!"
"You're serious??" Emily responded, scarcely able to believe it.
"Would I lie about something like that, to you of all people?" he replied. "Just keep in mind it's early days yet. We still have to dig the stuff up and then work out how to refine it, plus work out the science and math to track the hyperdrive through time and space, but it's most definitely a step forward."
"Oh my God, Collingwood! You're kidding me??" she exclaimed excitedly.
"No, I'm not. There's a mining team headed there right now. We should be drilling within the week."
Emily squealed with delight and jumped out of her chair. She didn't care about her nudity now. She skipped around the desk and took Collingwood into an embrace, kissing his cheek repeatedly. He smiled and turned his face to hers, then suddenly their eyes locked, and they both went silent.
Neither of them remembered afterwards if he had kissed her first or if it was vice versa, but their lips were suddenly locked together, and their tongues were urgently probing each other's mouths. Emily remembered feverishly reaching down to undo his trousers and getting several of his shirt buttons undone, all without breaking the kiss. Then she was lying on his desk and parting her legs as he got on top of her. It had passion and they were kissing the whole time. It wasn't at all like "coupling". It was love-making, and they both came.
Later on that evening when Emily got back home again, she couldn't decide if it was just the excitement of finding the aquinium that had triggered it, or if it was something else…