It always astounds me how much Misty and her stripper friends spend on costumes. It is like an obsession with them and they own more outfits they only wear for ten minutes at a time than everyday clothes. Misty usually goes with her friends to a couple of stores that specialize in dance and club wear to buy them so when she wanted me to go with her to look for some outfits I was surprised.
When I questioned why she wanted me to go with her she said one of the girls from her work told her she should go to The Pleasure Chest to check out their selections but didn't want to go there without me. The Pleasure Chest was a large adult store on the other side of town that was well known but I had never been to it before and was intrigued about going there to check it out with Misty so I agreed to go with her. Misty broke into a smile saying we would leave after she changed her clothes.
At 5'-7" tall and with her 36/24/36 figure Misty always attracts attention and we were going to a place where all females in it were noticed. I didn't understand why she was changing from her jeans and tee shirt to go look at dance outfits until she emerged from the upstairs wearing a jean skirt with a powder grey Harley Davidson shirt. Her choice of attire had assured her presence was definitely going to be noticed and was obviously dressed with the intention of drawing attention to her sexy body.
The little jean skirt was well faded with thread bare signs of wear at the thighs in the front and on her ass cheeks in the rear. The hem was well above the middle of her thighs leaving most of her bare tan legs showing from under it. To accentuate the length and shape of those legs she wore a pair of her black stiletto pumps with four inch heels. The Harley shirt fit like a second skin emphasizing the size and shape of her C cup breasts with the tight knit mesh material leaving it evident she wasn't wearing a bra. The top allowed a tantalizing amount of skin to show through it as the brown wings of the Harley eagle logo camouflaged the darker contrast of her areola from noticeably showing but her protruding nipples indicated where they were at.
After a fifteen minute drive we pulled into the parking lot of an older strip mall and parked in front of the converted grocery store that was now The Pleasure Chest. We wandered through the store looking at the huge variety of items in it as we worked our way to the clothing section and encountered about two dozen people. Three couples were among them so Misty was not the only female but she made quite an impression on the single men being dressed as she was. We wandered through the store on our way to the clothing section we with a number of the guys making sure they passed through the same aisle as us to get a close up view of her.
The clothing section contained an extensive variety of styles ranging from cheap things found in most adult stores to some really sexy fashion wear. We spent some time looking through them before Misty eventually stopped at a section that had a large selection of latex clothing and started looking through them. Misty had never shown an interest in latex wear before and I was a little surprised she was looking through them now. After looking for awhile Misty picked out a black mini skirt that had a built in belt with a silver buckle at the waist and matching vest with a matching buckle at the bottom.
With her selection made we made our way to the dressing room that was just two panels about three feet tall attached to the wall with a swinging door on the front and a tall mirror attached to the wall outside the room. The top of the walls were about neck high allowing Misty to see over it and the bottom was about two feet off the floor showing her legs from the knees down.
I had never been an enthusiast of latex clothing until Misty stepped out of the dressing room with this outfit on. The cut of the skirt put the Silver buckle high on Misty's waist positioning the hem well up her thighs no more than two inches below her crotch. The shape of her ass was nicely accentuated as the shiny latex tightly molded to it and the hem tucked in just below her ass cheeks. The bottom of the vest left a strip of her midriff bare and up from the buckle formed a wide V-shaped gap up to a collarless neckline. The wide gap left the inside swell of her breasts and the valley between them exposed with the edges of the vest barely covering her areolas.
While we were assessing the outfit seven or eight guys had worked their way to positions giving them a view of the dressing room. They were trying to be inconspicuous watching from various areas but it was obvious why they were there and I suggested we find something to give her admirers a real show. Misty asked why she should give them a show with my answer being she enjoyed the attention and I knew the thought of dressing slutty was exciting to her. Misty just smiled saying I was such an ass for knowing her way too well.
Misty said since I wanted to dress her like a slut I should go find something for her to wear and while she waited at the dressing room as I returned to the tops in the latex section. After looking through a number of styles I selected a long sleeved crop top for Misty to wear with the latex skirt and returned to the dressing room. I handed Misty the top saying this one should do a decent job of attracting some attention. Misty took the garment with raised eyebrows and went back into the dressing room.
When Misty stepped out with the top on and looked into the mirror she remarked that this is what she considered a slutty looking outfit. The crop top combined with the short skirt did produce a slutty appearance and did very little to cover her body. The little crop top hugged her tightly coming to just bellow her tits and was trimmed with a half inch of black latex trim matching the skirt. The stretchy black material of the top had a lace pattern but clearly showed the darkness of her areolas from underneath it. The amount of her on display now was not unnoticed by the others watching her and it didn't take long before some of them started moving into positions to get a better view.
After Misty spent some time in front of the mirror she took me by the hand leading me back into the aisles of clothes saying it was time to find another one to try on. We walked down a couple of aisles before I reached into a rack pulling out a matching skirt and top and said it would be interesting to see her in this one. Misty looked over the outfit I handed her and stated it definitely wasn't going to hide much but should do a good job of getting some attention. The skirt was longer than the short latex one she had on and flared out at the bottom. The top was slim cut with long sleeves that flared out from the shoulders to the wrists. Both items were made of sheer black nylon similar to the material that stockings are made of.
While Misty was in the dressing room changing I knew the guys watching were in for a real treat seeing her in this outfit. My premonition proved an understatement as Misty stepped from the dressing room with her body just highlighted by a mere tint of color the material provided. The thin nylon was virtually invisible as it strained against her C cup tits displaying silver dollar sized areolas with two protrusions the size of pool cue tips in the center of them looking as if they were trying push right through the fabric. From her waist the transparent skirt flared out slightly to just above mid-thigh allowing a clear view of her legs as they ended at the small triangular patch of white material nestled at the juncture of them. The little white thong only provided minimal cover over the mounds of her pussy and left her rounded ass cheeks fully exposed.
After contemplating the outfit in the mirror Misty said the white thong was distracting from the look of the outfit and wished she had worn a black one instead. I told her if she didn't like the look of it she should take it off and after pondering what I said a short while she stepped back into the dressing room without saying a word to emerge a few seconds later. Misty stood back in front of the mirror with the smooth mounds of her shaved pussy defined by the slit between them displayed through the wispy material of the skirt. Exposing Misty to strangers in public has become a favorite hobby for us and standing there in her four inch black stiletto pumps wearing that sheer outfit she was completely exposed. The intent was to dress her in some slutty looking outfits but I considered Misty to be exuding the appearance of a walking wet dream rather than slutty.
The sight of Misty inspired three of the bolder guys watching to move to the end of the clothes rack bringing them to within fifteen feet of where we were and made no attempt to disguise why they were there. When Misty noticed they moved closer and where openly staring at her she smiled directly at them leaving no doubt she was aware of the display she was providing them. Misty was enjoying the attention and rewarded their boldness by continuing to examine the outfit in the mirror. She made sure they had the opportunity to view all of her as she viewed the outfit from all angles in the mirror.
Our little show was interrupted by a middle aged man who was an employee of the store probably just wanting to get a closer look at Misty. He came up and asked if we needed help with anything eyeing Misty up and down as he spoke. Misty said she was just looking for some outfits for work to which he accurately made the obvious assessment she was a stripper. He remarked they were starting to see a lot of strippers coming in to get their clothes and as his eyes wander over her body again he said if we needed any help just to let him know before walking off.
With no apparent disapproval of Misty trying on the clothes by the employee she said let's see what else we can find. As we headed back into the aisles of clothes Misty stated it was going to take some doing to find something that would show more of her than the outfit she had on. It amused me that Misty was walking around a store with every nuance of her naked body plainly visible in a sheer outfit and her only concern was finding something that would expose more of her. The search ended when she found a white long sleeved fishnet mini dress with diamond shaped openings about inch wide. Misty held it up saying this one should get some attention and started back to the dressing doom.
The interruption must have scared some of the guys away leaving only four remaining watching our activities and Misty made a point to walk out of her way taking her by two guys who were watching from a distance. She stopped right next to them and told them if they were going to watch they might as well come up closer for a better view. They seemed a little shocked at her boldness but followed as Misty led the way to where the two others were standing by the dressing room. When Misty was by the dressing room she turned around and said she wanted our opinion which outfit we liked best before disappearing into the dressing room.
After changing into the net dress Misty emerged to stand in front of us then stepped in front of the mirror to see the view she was providing us. The short dress came to about three inches below her crotch and as it hugged tightly to her body the openings had expanded stretching the white strings of the fishnet into miniscule strips of material. The wide diamond pattern left Misty's areolas completely exposed with puckered nipples projecting out a good half an inch from them and the shaven mounds of her pussy were just as visible through the openings of the stretched fishnet.
After a few moments in front of the mirror she stepped back in front of us and turned in a slow circle allowing us a lingering look at her naked body. The spin was completed as Misty stood facing us again with her weight on her left leg and her right knee slightly bent leaving her perched on the stiletto heels with her feet separated around shoulder width. She held this position as she did a leisurely hand sweep down the length of her body signifying we were expected to examine the outfit on her. The five of us watched her hand along the intended point of reference it was indicating while taking in the view of her bare skin through the large fishnet pattern. As her hand reached the hem of the dress it continued in an arc slightly out to her side but our eyes were no longer tracking the path of her hand. Our attention remained focused on the gap at the juncture of Misty's legs.
Misty was completely aware of being fully exposed to us with the pose she was holding and knowing she had five pairs of eyes transfixed on her in the fishnet dress her stimulation was distinctly evident. Misty's pussy lips are never fully concealed by the outer mounds and when her legs are slightly spread they are always visible poised at the bottom of her slit bulging into the open. When she is sexually excited they extend well past their containment and the five of us stood absorbed in the sight of her pale pink pussy lips blossoming into the opening at the top of her thighs.
Our trance was broken when Misty said we were supposed to let her know which outfit we liked best and did another spin in front of us. The consensus of the other four was the one she was wearing which was probably because of the amount of skin she was showing but I thought the sheer one was a nice one and a lot more alluring. After listening to their verdicts on the outfits Misty asked if we wanted to see one more outfit which was meet with a predictable yes from the four of them.
Misty thought a moment before she spoke to the oldest one of them who appeared to be in his early fifties and looked like he spent his life working hard at a blue collar job. His face brightened when Misty said she wanted him to go pick out the next outfit he would like to see her wear. With a grin from ear to ear at this opportunity he took off into the clothing section as the rest of us waited for him to return. It only took a couple of minutes for him to return and hand Misty a garment the tag called a harness which everyone showed considerable interest in. Misty held up the contraption looking at it and with a mystified look on her face headed off to change.
We had to wait awhile for her to put it on and adjust it correctly but the wait was worth it once she had it on and came out to stand in front of us again. Around her neck was a choker collar with half inch wide black leather straps attached to it crossing her body with small silver rings at the intersections of the straps. Two triangles with little silver rings at the points formed an open cup top with two straps running down from the outer rings under her tits connecting to a little larger ring located above her pussy. From the sides of this ring two straps encircled her hips forming a waist strap and two straps attached to the bottom of this ring tucked under each side of her crotch continuing in the back nestled in the creases of her ass cheeks. These straps attached to little rings on each side of the waist strap and one last strap connected to a ring in the middle of the waist strap in the back attaching to the back of the collar.
Misty was standing less than ten feet from me and four strangers with every intimate detail of her body totally exposed. Her bare tits filled the triangles of the top standing out full and firm from the leather strips that framed them. The straps running through Misty's crotch were pulled taut exaggerating the natural gap and spreading her pussy mounds bulging between them. Misty stood with her legs together but that didn't conceal her pussy lips extending into the gap from her open slit splayed open looking like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon.
The true aura Misty was conveying was not realized by her until she saw the transformation her body had wrapped with in the leather harness from the image reflected back to her from the mirror. Misty stood there with an expression of surprise at the effect the harness had on her but the reaction of her body signified her enthrallment at the sight she was seeing. Misty's engorged nipples stood out erect almost a full inch causing their normal pink color to turn white at the tips and wrinkle her large areolas being drawn so tight. Further evidence of her arousal was apparent on the splayed lips of her pussy as the exposed pink inner folds were glistening with a coating of moisture forming on them.
Misty turned her attention back to us with a new demeanor matching the persona she was projecting and proceeded to strut around like a model walking on a runway. She walked about six steps each way in front of us with every pass ending with a spin accompanied by a pose similar to ones seen in fashion magazines. With each step in the four inch heels her hips had an exaggerated sway producing a light bounce to her ass cheeks and her unrestrained tits bobbed and swayed as they filled the openings formed by the thin leather straps of the harness. The four guys were absorbed with the sight in front of them starring intently with expressions betraying the lustful thoughts they had as Misty proudly paraded and posed in front of them.
Misty made four passes before eventually stopping with her back against the wall next to the dressing room directly in front of us and started a series of poses I immediately recognized as ones from a new routine she was working on. Her routine was a spirited interpretation to U2's song "Trip Through Your Wires" consisting of cleverly choreographed dance moves between poses progressively escalated to more revealing and explicit positions. The first few poses were pretty basic and without the music Misty skipped the dancing between poses by just leisurely flowing from one to the other while maintaining eye contact with us. I knew she was engrossed in the attention when she released eye contact with us bending forward at the waist to dangle her tits in front of us and continued into the more erotic moves of the routine.
The rounded globes of her full tits hanging inverted in front of us started to swing like twin pendulums when Misty began rocking her shoulders. Bringing her hands up cupping her tits, Misty stopped the swaying by squeezing her tits together pressing them to her chest and slowly straightened upright. She removed her hands by sliding them to her nipples pinching and pulling the engorged nubs away from her tits before releasing them. They stood out long, hard and inflamed as she held her pose briefly giving us a lingering view of them until she did a half turn glancing over her shoulder at us with her back to us.
The straps of the harness lifted and separated her ass cheeks allowing a rear view of her pussy in the opening it created. When Misty leaned forward placing a hand on the wall for support her pussy bulged out at us from below her heart shaped ass and her pussy lips visibly parted as her slit was pulled open. Sticking to the routine, Misty slowly started sliding her feet outwards until they were spread well past shoulder width while reaching around placing her free hand on her ass cheek. With her legs spread she moved her ass cheek to the side exposing her puckered ass hole poised above pussy lips now gaped open noticeably coated with moisture.
Releasing her ass cheek Misty spun around to face us again and assumed a sitting position on the floor leaning against the wall with her feet tucked in close to her ass. Misty peered at us through bent knees that she effortlessly let roll to the sides as five pairs of eyes focused unblinking at her gaping pussy lips exposed to us. The end of the practiced routine began with Misty reaching around the back of her thighs to place her fingertips on the mounds of her pussy and gradually applying pressure while spreading the mounds fully exposing her pussy lips nestled between them.
Just when I thought the display was over Misty dug her fingers deeper into the bulging mounds as she pulled her hands further to the sides parting the pink slabs of her splayed pussy lips. Tendrils of pussy juice stretched until they separated adhering to the walls of the elongated shaped opening of the cavity that disappeared into the shadows of its inner depths. A small pool of the translucent fluid was poised on the edge at the bottom of her newly opened pussy with a milky bead dribbling from it towards the crinkled skin of her ass hole. Misty removed her right hand to use the middle and ring fingers to catch the renegade droplet and acted as if she was trying to return it back to its source.
Working in a total nude strip club Misty exposes her pussy everyday but state law does not allow and I had never seen her put on this type of display. Not worrying about being arrested, fined or fired Misty had her two fingers buried knuckle deep in her well lubricated pussy as she sat watching our expressions with a wicked grin. Misty ended her extended performance by removing her fingers and raising them to her mouth after bringing her hand back around her leg. A flick of her tongue licked at the excess wetness on them and breaking into a smile returned into a standing position.
Without saying a word Misty went into the dressing room while I pondered the proceedings that ended with me standing with these four strangers. Our visit started off with Misty dressing sexy to attract attention on our trip to look at clothes in an adult store. Some male patrons became interested in watching as she tried on some latex clothing trying to achieve a slutty look and she kept their attention by completely exposing her body to them in a couple of sheer outfits. The events progressed to Misty being basically nude dressed in some little black straps just exuding sex and her putting on a sexually charged show wearing it.
My thoughts were interrupted by the man who picked out the harness when he handed me sixty dollars saying he wanted to buy the harness for Misty and then headed out of the store. The other three hung around with hopes of the show continuing but when Misty exited the dressing room having changed back into the clothes she arrived in those hopes faded.
Misty came up to me putting her arm around my waist stuffing her thong in the rear pocket of my jeans, which I later learned she used to wipe her pussy dry with. Two of them tried to get us to come and party with them, I'm sure with the anticipation of Misty providing further entertainment but we declined their offer. Misty did use the opportunity to drum up some business for the club telling them where and when she worked and for them to come see her there. After gathering the outfits we headed off leaving the three of them standing there.
While deciding which of the outfits to buy Misty decided against buying the harness until I told her about the older guy giving her the money to buy it and was a little disappointed she couldn't thank him for it. Considering it an investment in Misty's work with the possibility of some fun outside of the club we ended up buying all the outfits she tried on. After paying the lecherous old man at the counter a little over two hundred and seventy five dollars for the outfits we left the store and headed for home.
On the way home Misty talked about which outfits she was planning on using in her routines at work while I was giving my opinion on what I liked about them. The subject of the harness came up and Misty said it was interesting wearing something like that but she didn't think she would wear it at work. I commented it was hard to believe she didn't plan on wearing it at work judging by the show she put on with her routine and the altered ending to it back at the store.
Misty hesitated before saying she thought the harness made her look like a sexual play toy just stating here I am come fuck me and admitted it really turned her on knowing she looked like that. She added it excited her to look at like a whore in heat but that was not the image she wanted to portray at work. I understood what she was saying because working as a stripper to Misty was more about creatively using her dancing to show off her body than just getting naked.
My last comment before we reached the house was if she wasn't going to wear the harness at work we were going to have to find some other uses for it and with a knowing smile Misty replied she was sure we could find some interesting ways to use it.