You were only wearing a sundress. You girlfriend made you take it off in the elevator. Now here you stand completely naked. She got off on her floor, slapping your ass hard enough to leave a red mark for a few seconds. She pressed the button sending it to the top floor, then let you know which floor he was to be on. Now you had to ride the rest of the way up, then back down, fully naked, and wait for him to let you in his room.
Two floors after your girlfriend got off, a couple in their 30′s started to get on. The wife took one look at you, and puller her husband back, his head glued to you the whole time. You heard her slap land as the doors closed. Maybe that would be the only extra visitor you hoped and you let out a nervous laugh.
The next floor proved you wrong. A couple in their forties got on, and they didn't get off. The man smiled at you, but the woman smiled even larger.
"Going to meet someone for some naughty times?"
"Yes" you meekly said. You couldn't believe you she'd talk to you like this. "Meeting him for the first time. Only talked online."
"Damn, why can't I shut up" you thought.
You felt a warm stinging on your ass. The lady slapped you, and was leaving her hand there. "Naughty, naughty" she said with a big old smile. "Think her mystery man is going to like this slut? " the lady asked her man.
He ran his hand down your back grouping your ass before he moved it back up. "Oh I'm sure he will. If not, I know I wouldn't mind having some fun with her." A smile ever on his face as he turned and looked at you, then her, then back at you.
The lady nodded.
"But you're married" you said, noticing the growing bulge in his pants.
His hand running up your shoulder where it stayed. He looked in your eyes, "Yes, but not to each other. We just got done doing...well what I'm sure you're about to do."
Under normal circumstances you'd never believe it. Two married people - but not to each other - hitting on you, but, then again, here you are naked, traveling in an elevator to see a man you met online.
Wait was she hitting on you too? It took an extra second to process. You've been with men and women, just not at the same time. Her hand still on your ass would make you think so. You look to her, and she nods her head. "They want me together, not separate," you realized.
She moved in and kissed you on your lips ever so gently. Much more gently than you would have expected giving how hard she slapped your ass. "I assume you don't mind. You don't seem to mind me touching you."
Your pussy had tingled some before. Slightly excited by the daring of your exhibitionism. Now your juices were really flowing. You shook your head no.
The elevator dinged. The man quickly pressed the door closed button. "Listen, if your mystery man turns out to be a dud, find us in room 1869. We can have lots of fun."
They both moved away and the doors slid open. A couple of foreign tourist were waiting at the door. They looked like they were businessmen getting ready to head to the lounge. Their mouths were slightly agape as you pushed past them.
Their heads turned to watch as you walked down the hallway. You tried to walk as coolly as possible, but how is it. You've never been seen so exposed.
They reluctantly hurried in the elevator as the doors began to close. You could hear them talking excitedly in their native as they avoided being caught. You smiled knowing that they would probably be jacking off to thoughts of you that night, and maybe several nights to come. That they'd brag about the naked woman they met on the elevator... of course they'd probably exaggerate, but you didn't mind. It was nice to be in someone's fantasy for once.
You walked till you found the room that your mystery man. Of course his was almost at the end of the hallway. No one had come out of their room yet, but you never knew when someone would.
You knocked on the door. Shy, and not too loud. You didn't want to bring other people out. "What if no one is there?" you thought to yourself.
You knocked a little louder. "I can't just go down to the bar. I don't even have my phone with me."
You heard footsteps. The door opens and you see a hunk of a man.
"I'm so glad you came, " he says with a smile.
And your mouth drops...