Frustrating Moments and Dreams
Margaret awoke with a hangover. After downing a pint of orange juice, and a couple of aspirin, she figured on a hot tea as the next best thing. She sat at the kitchen table, nursing a sore head, cursing the maniacal lawn mowers, that is, the men pushing or riding them.
Wondering if last night was a success, she remembered something dreadful.
'Oh, hell and shit!' she cursed, then wished she hadn't.
After her head stop thumping, she thought over the stupid events of last night. She'd slept with a friend's husband! Not a best friend, but Felicity was also a neighbour. It was much worse than that, because she'd connived to get Felicity screwed! The poor woman didn't know the man, he was a complete stranger. Margaret had told him the truth, that Felicity was ready for it. Telling him she wanted to be screwed on the dance floor, was a dreadful lie.
Bringing her husband to witness the event was a bestial crime. Margaret knew what was happening, though no one else did. A crowd was around the two of them, cheering, while they got into a dirty dance. It looked as though the guy was fucking Felicity on the dance floor, and Margaret knew he was. Philip wasn't even angry at Felicity for the dirty dance, in front of everyone, so he hadn't guessed either.
It was early hours of the morning, and everyone had drunk enough not to be aware of hardly anything. So she had got away with her revenge on Felicity. Felicity and Philip didn't have to go along with her devious plans, but they did, so that was down to them. The rationalisation was no good, she felt guilty as hell. How she was going to face either of them was a monstrous thought.
***
Philip hadn't seen Felicity all day. Thinking she must have discovered his infidelity with Margaret, she must be avoiding him. Last night he was supposed to satisfy his highly aroused wife, not her friend. What would Jim do if he found out? Jim could be very impulsive, especially after a drink. He could become violent, and screwing the man's wife was excuse enough.
When Felicity arrived home looking guilty, Philip misinterpreted the emotions troubling her. He thought she was confused, and angry, over why he had slept with Margaret. The truth was, she felt enormously guilt over what happened.
Philip was angry, with himself, and she thought the anger was directed at her. She'd had sex with a stranger in front of everyone, including him. She'd been out driving around wondering what to do. She loved him so very much, something had to be done to save their marriage. They had been having so much fun recently, and now this.
'I don't want to talk about it,' she pleaded.
She was obviously very hurt, and he would have to do all he could to make it up to her.
'Time will heal,' he offered.
'Yes. We need time,' she whispered.
Felicity wanted to cry. She didn't care if anyone else knew what happened. It was the most terrible thing ever, and having her lovely husband witness the infidelity was monstrous. It was all her fault, and he was trying to be so very nice about it.
'I know this isn't the time to tell you. I've got to go away for a week. The project planning is complete, so now we open the new store. I've got to go there to manage it, and amend the plan if necessary,' he quietly spoke.
She said nothing, so he filled the silence, 'I won't go if you don't want me to,' he offered.
'Go. . . Sorry to sound awful. We need the time apart, to let things heal,' she quietly said.
He agreed by nodding his head. They still couldn't look at each other. He needed time away, to get over his guilt, and she needed time alone to get over her guilt.
'Maybe it's for the best,' she said.
They agreed with more nods of the head, and deep sighs. Each thinking they had caused the problem, meant it would be a confusing conversation. Instead they were both relieved not to talk about it, and not face up to their shame.
***
Philip had been away for almost a week, implementing a new project, and Felicity was becoming frustrated. He would be back Friday, but she couldn't wait, she needed a fix.
Thursday evening she drove out of the garage for a drive, while almost naked. The excuse was that it was a practice for when Philip arrived home. All that covered her naked body was a frilly panty and bra set. Hoping a truck driver would pull up beside her, she drove around aimlessly. It was disappointing, so a decision to return home was made after an uneventful hour. Suddenly noticing the red fuel light blink, Felicity panicked. Pulling off the freeway, the car glided with a light touch on the pedal, into the first gas station found.
There was no-one around, and it was dusk. Even so, the prospect of standing on the smelly dirty concrete, filling the tank, was both fearful and a turn on.
Bending over in the car door, looking for a credit card was naughty, but she couldn't help herself. Realising it wasn't there, she straightened up with a look of anguish spreading across her face. A credit card for fuel was always there! She'd just given the old guy an eye-full of her wiggling bottom, and now had to walk in to face him. Having to ask him to let her off paying was fraught with danger.
If she can't convince him she was in her underwear by mistake, he might phone the police. Being taken away in her underwear for lewdness was a bad prospect. With her husband away who would be able to bail her out? Phoning a friend to pick her up while she was undressed, and asking them to pay for her, would create an undesirable situation.
The idea of someone, 'paying for her', rang through her mind. Like a pinball it bounced around lighting up ideas in her head, where fantasies dominated her thoughts.
Someone, 'paying for her', meant she would be owned by them. She would have to obey them, like a slave, until her husband bought her back. They could do anything they liked with her, anything at all! She would be a humble sex slave, pandering to their whims. What if they decided to keep her, and not sell her back to her husband? She might spend the rest of her life as a lowly sex slave!
Felicity almost walked into a metal pole supporting a sign. A sharp shake of her head cleared it of the fantasy. It was exciting in the bath, but this wasn't the time or place to become sexually excited. Who would buy anything in such a dingy looking store. The walk of shame continued.
Paying for her, would make her a prostitute! She would be bought and paid for, making her their personal whore. She would have to pander to their every whim, until her husband paid for her. If she phoned Margaret, her husband might turn up to pay for her! After teasing him last week, he could exact a punishment upon her. He could use her for his pleasure!
Felicity had recently learnt she was a submissive, and that explained why she gave in to others decisions too often. It wasn't just because she had a nice nature, and liked to please people. It was only when playing naughty games, and becoming worked up, that it became so dangerous. When sexed up she was far too vulnerable to others influence.
Either fantasy was enough to have her heated up. She was going to have to be very nice to the old guy in the store.
Seeing a sexy woman walk into his store, the guy looked less than happy. He should be ecstatic to have a young attractive woman lighting up the shabby place. Joe had watched the performance with a scepticism honed over years. The woman didn't want to pay for the fuel. The average looking car, was a bit expensive, and too new to be local.
The pimps drove new expensive wheels, but they were of a different class. When she walked in he got a clearer look at what she was wearing. He got a clearer look at her body too. The underwear was insubstantial, not designed to hide or protect anything. The underwear had no practical use whatsoever. She looked nervous, as though this was all so unexpected. So where was the dress?
He stood with arms folded, with an expression that asked a simple question, what?
Felicity was taken aback. Most men flirted with her, sometimes silently with their eyes. The old man looked bored and resigned for some reason. She opened her mouth to tell him her story, then shut it. That might be it. He was already bored, from being resigned to hear her story.
Of course she had one. Someone walking into a store in expensive brief underwear, hardly covering a voluptuous figure, they had to have a yarn to tell. It might be an excuse, or a come on, a sales pitch for something he wasn't interested in.
'Well?' he asked.
'I need gas, but forgot my credit card,' she quietly spoke.
He looked her in the eye, rather than eyeing her body. She felt embarrassed. What more could she say. The excitement had gone. She just felt stupid and awkward.
'That watch, is it genuine?' he asked.
She took it off, and handed it to him.
'Keep it for me, and I'll come back. Please don't lose it or anything,' she said.
Philip had bought it for their last anniversary, so she needed to be wearing it when he came home. The old guy looked it over and gave her thirty dollars of gas, in exchange for a watch worth a couple of thousand. She went out to the pump, without looking around. For once she was unconcerned who might be there, no longer wanting an audience. If anyone was watching her, it didn't matter.
She drove home thinking about her husband, and how the games wouldn't work without him. Philip would be back tomorrow, so they had the weekend together, and he was due a week off from work. No more working long days for awhile either, so they could get back to having fun for some while.
Next day she regained some enthusiasm for playing the game. She owed Philip that much, and more. The watch was collected in an embarrassed silence. An extra five was handed over as interest. After that she needed to get into gear, and back to her normal self.
She shopped for tacky outfits, and cheap sets of underwear. That wasn't usual, but it was fun. Trying on a halter top and short swirly skirt, got her into the mood. She wasn't going to do anything without Philip, but did walk around the store. She felt naughty when a girls boyfriend stared at her. The girl pulled his arm, meaning for him not to look at her. She stopped before a mirror to see how slutty she looked. Of course the guy had been staring at her. She wondered what Philip would have made her do to attract more attention.
The drive home was hazardous, as she thought through past adventures with her husband. In a cheap store she was supposed to abandon a slutty outfit, and buy something better. Finding most of the money had been lost, there was only enough to buy a ridiculously brief dress. Without underwear she was desperately trying not to flash everything! It had been an accident getting into that situation, but Philip had got her through it.
Once home she concentrated modifying the clothes bought. How different this was from the nice housewife, mending clothes. She loosened the buttons on a dress, ready for it to fall off and reveal her underwear. The straps on the bras were cut through, leaving fine cotton threads holding them together. The clothes were cheap, but good to practice on.
The thought of wearing these clothes gave her a big thrill. It was especially exciting pretending to show off her body accidently. Dressing her as a slut excited Philip, whereas she liked to accidently reveal herself. Philip had a talent for setting her up in embarrassing situations, so from now on, she would leave it up to him.
During Friday Felicity was buzzing with anticipation. Several outfits had been prepared for playing naughty games, and she couldn't wait to show Philip. In the bedroom she was dressed as a naughty French maid. The costume couldn't be worn outside, but in the house it would get him going.
'Oh! My! I've dropped my panties,' she exclaimed, and bent over to pick up the modified panties.
She looked over her shoulder, into a mirror to see what was on offer. Her bottom was a nice shape, but she needed reassurance. Philip would provide that when he complimented her figure. He had a way of pleasing her with honeyed words. More than that was missed. He needed to be home, cuddling her, playing with her, and organising those exciting games.
'I'm sorry, sir, I've been so naughty. Will you have to spank your naughty maid?' she offered.
It was only just a little exciting, imagining he was here. She needed him to be here, holding her tight, and passionately kissing her. She hoped he would be pleased with her efforts, and willingness to play his games.
Friday afternoon passed and he hadn't arrived. He said he might be late Friday, so maybe it was better to calm down. Every time a car pulled up in the street, she looked out to see if it was his taxi. Feeling incredibly sexed up and nervous, she wondered what to do with herself. Again a fresh pot of coffee was prepared for him.
The whole house had been cleaned and polished. There was nothing to do but wait for her games master. To please him she wore a short t-shirt over a pair of brief, see-thru panties.
For a moment she wondered if she could get away with phoning for a pizza. Answering the door to a pizza delivery guy would be fun. Dropping the money on the floor, would mean bending over to pick it up. Showing him everything in the see through panties would be fun. Though, without Philip what was the point?
She sat in the lounge trying to concentrate on a novel. Her head nodded forward, and back again, to re-read the same paragraph. Late sleepless nights were taking their toll. Her eyes closed for a moment, then she fell into a deep sleep. Her eyelashes flickered when a dream overtook her.
***
Felicity couldn't stand it anymore. Her husband had been delayed, so she decided to surprise him with a visit to the new store. The flight was only for three hours, but she hadn't brought anything to read, and was feeling bored. Not that a book would have made any difference, for it wasn't that kind of boredom.
She wore a smart business jacket and skirt. Walking back from the toilet, she felt rather than saw eyes look up at her. At least she hoped she still had that certain something of interest. The skirt was tight, and wearing high heels she had an excuse to wiggle her bottom. The trend recently was for large bottoms, but she had a cute little round ass, and liked it that way. In stockings and suspenders it was nicely presented. There was no panty line, as she wore a thong.
A little turbulence forced her to stop and hold on. She looked down at the man seated, and apologised. She was wearing one of the new blouses. One that she had altered. Stretching up to hold onto the locker, a button flew off. Both hands grabbed the blouse to keep it closed.
This was quickly followed by another shake of the plane. With only a little exaggeration, and the right lean, she fell onto his lap. The rest of the buttons popped off.
'Oh! I'm so sorry,' she bluffed.
'That's alright, you're welcome to sit out the flight,' he told her, with a big grin lighting his face.
He pulled her closer, and a her breasts pushed into his face.
'I'm so sorry, sir,' she said.
'Don't worry they taste nice,' he said, and sucked a nipple into his mouth.
'You shouldn't be doing that!' she complained.
Felicity looked around, but no one was taking any notice. The plane was only half full and all were businessmen in smart suits.
'I can't sit here letting you suck on my breasts, I'll get into trouble,' she seriously spoke.
'Not from just sitting on my lap. If you want I'll show you how to get into trouble,' he meaningfully said.
His hand push the skirt hem up to her knee. It was only an inch, as he was just teasing her, and didn't intend to go any further. Her legs should have automatically slammed shut, but they didn't. Felicity groaned from knowing why. She was sexed up and vulnerable! So that's why she was letting a stranger suck on her nipples.
'I didn't mean that sort of trouble. I meant with the stewardess,' she said.
'Getting into trouble with the stewardess? That's interesting, can I watch?' he innocently asked.
'Only if you're a good boy, and don't make a fuss,' she teased.
He pulled her legs round so they were either side of his, and stuck in the narrow gap between seats.
'Oh! She's coming,' Felicity said, and fidgeted to get off his lap.
'She's coming? So she started without you! Don't worry, I'll help you catch up,' he said.
He looked at her with an enquiring look. It was as though he were wondering how far he could go. She sat on his lap making no effort to move away, and she couldn't bring her legs together. It was an open invitation, yet she couldn't move.
One hand continued to grip her breast, pumped it as though milking her. His lips sucked on a nipple with a powerful suction.
His hand slowly move up her thigh, as though he was letting her make the decision of how far. Her breathing was deep and heavy. The signs were recognisable from past experiences. She was too far gone to stop him! A push of fingertips at the crotch of her panties announced his arrival. A tight grip of her sex announced his possession of her.
The stewardess was approaching and would send her back to her own seat. Letting someone save her was all a part of the game. Felicity could let go with the knowledge that she would be saved. The woman stopped by someone needing her attention. It was something trivial, while Felicity needed her urgent attention. The smartly dressed stewardess glanced in her direction, with a look of disapproval.
She moaned a little sigh, now that his fingers were busy with her pussy.
'She's not coming now,' Felicity told him.
'Are you?' he asked.
'Not yet, but I can't. I've tried all week, and still can't cum. She's going to put a stop to your fun,' Felicity warned him.
The young stewardess arrived while Felicity's skirt was up around her waist. They woman could see his fingers busy working away at her crotch.
'You can't have someone sitting on our lap, sir. We'll be landing soon, so please finish her quickly, or she'll have to sit in her own seat,' the stewardess warned him.
'I'm trying, but don't think she will orgasm in time,' he honestly spoke.
'I'm sorry, but I can't cum. I've tried all week, but just fall short,' she said.
It was embarrassing talking to the young woman, while a strangers fingers were fucking her. At least he had stopped fiddling with her nipples.
Felicity realised she was pointing her swollen nipples at the young woman. The little bra held her breasts up, as though offering her nipples like boiled sweets. Would the stewardess lead her around to the passengers, offering her nipples to suck instead of boiled sweets. Did they still dish out sweets to help the ears cope with air pressure?
The woman helped Felicity off his lap, and straightened the skirt around her waist. She wondered why it was still round her waist, and not pulled down into place. The woman then straightened her panties, and wrinkled her nose at the wet mess they had become.
'I can't get off the plane like this, and it's all your fault,' the guy complained.
Felicity and the stewardess examined his trouser tent, and made sympathetic sounds.
'We'll be landing soon, so not much time to sort this out. I'll have to help you,' the young woman sighed.
Felicity knew what to do, but was unsure how both of them were going to fix his hard-on. The attractive brunette carefully lifted the large penis out of his pants.
'Just follow me,' she said.
They were both on their hands and knees, bent over his cock. The young woman brushed her hair back, licked her lips, then licked his cock. Felicity took her turn, until it was wet enough to suck into their mouths. They took turns sucking and slobbering over it. With little time to spare, the stewardess pushed her face into his crotch, to swallow it all.
She came up for air, and did it again. Felicity wasn't sure she could follow that! Somehow she swallowed the strangers cock, and did it again to make sure. A flutter of pride agitated her stomach. Or, it might have been the beginnings of an orgasm. There wasn't much time left.
With them both poised over his cock, ready to suck and lick it, he cum. The sight of two beautiful women licking their lips over his cock did it for him. There wasn't a lot of room squatting either side of his knees. When they realised he was about to spurt his load, they pulled back, only to bang the back of their heads on a seat. Unable to escape the inevitable, strings of cum shot over their faces, and into their hair.
After receiving a warning from the stewardess about teasing men, she went and sat in her seat. The stewardess was sitting facing the passengers, with evidence of what she had been doing, running from her hair, over her face. A glob of sticky cum dangled from her chin, and broke free, to run into her cleavage. She ran a hand over face scooping the guys cum into her mouth.
'I've always thought this airline had the best stewardesses,' one of the men facing her stated.
She smiled at the men sitting opposite her, and said, 'I'm always happy to oblige, sir.'
Felicity was in the same condition, except her blouse was open after losing the buttons. Cum was running over her face and down into her cleavage. She copied the stewardess who was scooping it up, and licking it off her fingers.
A man sitting next to her said, 'It looks as though you both enjoyed that.'
She didn't much, but didn't want to disappoint him.
'Yes, sir. It was my fault he had a hard-on, so I had to fix it before he left the plane. He could hardly meet his wife with a trouser tent,' she said.
'Very thoughtful of you, young lady,' he smiled.
'I'm nervous of landing, do you mind giving me some comfort?' he asked.
He asked so nicely she felt awful refusing, so nodded her head.
She cupped a breast with a hand, as though presenting it to him. He leaned over the nipple and sucked. It was surprising how strong a suction he had. Her nipples seemed to grow harder. They felt very sensitive, almost throbbing.
They landed and she quickly collected her luggage. Dragging two bags, meant she couldn't keep the blouse closed. Pulling the luggage kept her arms behind her, so her breasts were pushed up and out, pointing the way ahead. Men were staring at her breasts, which were bouncing around in the half cup bra.
Already aroused, she was becoming over heated again. A couple of businessmen stopped her to ask the way. They offered to help her, which of course she accepted, as she would be able to hold the blouse together.
Instead of grabbing the luggage, they grabbed her breasts. A pathetic attempt to pull the blouse over her breasts didn't cover their purposeful mauling. Of course, they had offered to help her with her breasts, not the luggage. It was her mistake, so she would have to make the best of it.
'Err, you can stop now. I don't think, err, that they can be covered. Best give up, please. I'll get changed. It's OK. You can stop now, thank you. I appreciate your help. Please, I need to go and change. Please, stop now, if you don't mind. Ooo! My nipples are very sensitive. Yes, that was nice, but I need to go, please.' Felicity quietly said.
People were passing and not taking any notice. Two men were mauling her breasts in the airport, and no one bothered to watch. She was put out! It proved she needed Philip to organise a game.
'Thank you for helping me, sir. If you are sure you are finished with my breasts, I'll go now,' she humbly thanked them
In a rest room she cuddled them, for they felt sore. It was surprising that they felt bigger. Examining them in a mirror they looked bigger. How was that? Was it because men had been playing with her breasts, and they had been stimulated so much? She shrugged off the remnants of the blouse, and shimmied out of the skirt. A flowery summer dress, was pulled over her head. It was another of those she had bought recently, so she would have to be careful.
It was a bright sunny day and there was no shade where the taxi's pulled up. She stood in the sun, knowing everything under the dress was on view. She brightened on hearing whistles. The mood changed on realising it wasn't for her. A taxi pulled up and she got in, struggling with the cases.
The taxi driver opened a window to shout at a fool who shouldn't be on the road. The newspaper she was reading blew around, and the dress blew up around her head. She was scrambling around to pull the dress down, and grab pages of the paper.
'Nice to see a woman wearing stockings,' the driver commented. 'Not those elastic, stay-up things either,' he smiled at her.
She just managed to pull the dress into some semblance of order. It was touch and go, that it might fall apart after such rough treatment. She was going to pull at the seam when meeting her husband, and let it fall apart. Now she had to hope it lasted the journey.
He opened the door to help her out of the cab, which was unusual. When the hem again flew up her body to cover her face, she realised why he had bothered. He helped pull the dress down, while giving helpful advice. Or so he pretended. It was all an excuse to fondle her breasts, and paw her body. He tucked the hem under her crotch, giving him a good opportunity to feel her panties.
By the time she tumbled out of the taxi, she was flustered and hotter than when leaving the plane. At least he didn't charge her for the ride. The dress was only just holding together when she checked which was her husband's room. She explained to the porter behind the counter that it was a surprise. Looking at her he could understand any man wanting such a surprise gift. He certainly wouldn't say no. She left the luggage with him, and headed for the elevator.
Felicity was pleased with the dress, for it was holding up well. Men were looking at her which was another plus. She figured it was the sun shining through the thin cotton that held their attention. She hadn't seen or felt a hem had parted, revealing a cheek. They followed it's wriggle through the lobby, to the elevators. Men sighed when the doors shut.
She stepped out of the elevator into a long corridor. The doors hissed shut and caught just a wisp of the dress. Just a tiny corner of white cotton was caught, but it was enough to finish the job. She almost fell when the dress ripped from around her. It wouldn't have happened if the garment hadn't been sabotaged. She loosened the seams, so it was her fault she stood in a corridor in her underwear.
The half cup bra tried and failed to hold her large breasts. It needed a very big pair of hands to cover them. Since leaving home this morning, they seemed to have grown. They were so large they were weighing her down. She didn't have time to think about why it happened. A noisy group of lads were shouting and singing in one of the rooms.
She frantically looked for her husband's number. She ran on high heels, or rather, tottered along as fast as she could, hoping it was in the right direction. A door opened, blasting out a fast dance number, with four guys looking as though they had been blown out by the noise.
She stumbled into them. It was their fault as they blocked her path. What she didn't want, was for them to block her passage. Not that little private passage down there. They closed in on her with concern for her falling. Their concern involved grabbing her in case she fell off the high heels.
There were four pairs of hands on her near naked body. She was right about it taking a pair of hands to cover one of her breasts. She looked down to see one of them massaging a breast while his friend mauled the other. They moved in to kiss them. What was happening to her breasts? They were growing even bigger, and her nipples were elongated, now fattening up.
Felicity couldn't see past her enormous tits to see what was happening down there. The other two guys were playing with her pussy and bottom.
'What's with all this noise? What's going on out here?' Philip said.
The guys parted, and her husband took a good look at her.
'We've found a whore. Were going to take her to our room. We'll be quiet then,' one of the guys said.
Felicity looked at her husband trying to convey sorrow for what she had done.
'I thought you guys were going out on the town, to meet some girls?' Philip said.
'I guess so,' one of the others piped up.
'Come on let's leave her to the boss,' one of them said, and they laughed.
'Come on whore, you can look after me,' Philip told his wife.
'You can have her when you get back,' Philip told them.
'OK, boss. If we don't bring some girls back we'll make use of her,' they agreed.
Philip was their boss! Her husband was their boss, and they'd fumbled around with the bosses wife! They'd called her a whore, and were mauling her body in front of her husband! What if Philip was angry with her and gave her to them. She would have to pander to a bunch of young guys all weekend.
'Philip!' she quietly crooned.
She repeated her husband's name, from wanting his help and protection.
***
'I'm home,' a familiar voice penetrated into her sleep.
Felicity's eyes flickered open, and her face broke into a glow of pleasure.
'Philip! I'm so glad you're home where you belong!' she excitedly cried.
'You alright? You were calling my name in your sleep,' he said.
'Just a dream. I need you, even in my dreams,' she laughed.
'I've already eaten, so lay back, I want desert,' he teased.
On the sofa she looked around, half expecting to see the young guys ready to take their turn. She gently took hold of her husband's head, guiding it over her slippery sex. She didn't need to, as he was an expert concerning her pussy.
He sucked her lips into his mouth to nibble on them. Throwing her head back, she loudly moaned.
'So good, so damn good!' she murmured.
Felicity cum from his wonderful kissing and sucking of her pussy. What she really wanted was to feel his hardness inside her. He knew what she needed, and pulled her onto the floor.
'No! In bed, I want you in bed!' she complained.
He kissed her deeply and stroked her thighs, but she wouldn't give in. He stood up and dragged her up off the floor.
'Come on woman, you have to satisfy your husband, in bed!' he put on a demanding voice.
'Oh! Please master, don't be rough with your humble wife,' she mocked.
'Come on wife,' he said, and slapped her ass.
The panties had been lost, and she hoped they weren't torn, as they were expensive. There wasn't much to them, so maybe they were pure silk as labelled. He threw her onto the bed, where she landed with legs open. She took too long trying to pull them together to be convincing.
'Please don't take my virgin ass, master,' she pleaded.
It was a good job she was giving him hints as to what game she wanted to play.
'I'll take you wherever I want you!' he fiercely spoke.
He put a hand between her breasts to hold her down on the bed. Just then she remembered the dream and her breasts becoming huge. For the slightest moment she wondered what it meant.
'Please don't give me to your workers, master. I'll be your faithful sex slave, I promise, please, master,' she begged.
It was only a week, but it felt so long without him. He too needed her.
He roughly entered her, and she moaned out a great pleasurable sound. A wail of pure gratification escaped her lips. When he spurted into her, she felt he was using her. She was his vessel of cum, his whore to be used, his sex object. Both arms and legs, wrapped around him.
'I'm yours, master, all yours,' she wailed.
At last after fantasy and games, she could orgasm. It was along slow orgasm, reaching throughout her body. Every nerve ending tingled with pleasure.
Felicity wanted to gaze at him, and cuddle him all night, but she soon fell asleep.
***
'No work today,' Philip declared, looking relieved.
Felicity was about to ask why he left a message saying he wouldn't be back until Monday. The dream had been so real, but caught the question before it could be uttered. Should she tell him about the dream? What did it mean? He broke into her thoughts, by grabbing her around the waist.
'You said you altered the yoga pants, as well as some clothes,' he said.
'That's right. Just in case you were thinking of a game,' she quietly suggested.
'Pack them for after breakfast, and we'll go play,' he grinned.
She grinned back. Things were back to normal. They had survived the attack upon their relationship and won.
'I want a month's subscription that's all, just while I'm working in the area,' Philip told the girl.
While he filled out the forms, Felicity approached the counter.
'Hi, do you have a day's trial, before taking out a full membership,' she asked the girl.
'Sure, is this your first time in a gym?' she asked.
The questionnaires had been completed, and they were ready to rock and roll. Philip walked in to get changed. Felicity went into the changing room, disappointed they were separate facilities. Of course, sharing wouldn't have been so much fun. She could lose her towel in front of the men, but that would be too obvious.
She walked out wearing the new outfit. She looked around at the equipment, and wondered where they would start. She saw Philip on a rowing machine, and quickly looked away when he winked at her.
The assigned trainer eventually arrived, and she was pleased to see he was a few years younger than her. He looked fit, and knew it. She wondered how he would react. There were a few members in the gym, but it wasn't full. Just enough people of various ages and sizes were dallying with the equipment. She was happy with the prospective audience.
'Hi, Felicity, I'm Josh, and I'll be your trainer to get you going,' he smiled.
Felicity thought it was a predatory smile, though with plenty of warmth.
'Err, it's nice to meet you Josh. Like, I'm sure you can get me going,' Felicity said, laying it on thick.
Philip had told her to act like a dumb blond, which would work in a gym, as she had never set foot in one. At the best of times she felt awkward around machines, and she already felt out of her depth. The trainer would either treat her with disdain, or play along. Either way it would be fun.
'Don't worry, just do as your told and I'll have you trained in no time,' he laughed.
'Oh! That reminds me of my boyfriend. He said he wanted to train me too,' she said, looking as though she were straining a brain cell.
'Was he into fitness?' Josh asked.
'I'm not sure. Like, he wanted to train me into being his pet-girl. Is that some kind of fitness equipment, or something?' Felicity innocently asked.
Felicity almost broke into laughter. The look on his face was a picture of confused thoughts. He wanted to say something but wisely held back. She wondered if anything could be used from yesterday's peculiar dream.
'No, that's something different. Though, I'm sure you would make a lovely pet-girl,' he finally said.
They stopped by some equipment that looked more like a torture instrument than something to do with fitness.
'Do you think so? Then I'd love for you to train me. Could you train me to be a pet-girl?' she asked.
'Well, err, for fitness, yes. We'll start with this. You need to follow my instructions for safety reasons. You can hurt yourself if you don't follow the rules,' he heavily told her.
'Yes, sir. I shall be a good girl, and obey you,' she promised.
She looked a little too old to be called a girl, but he wasn't looking at her face. She was sitting on a moveable seat, with legs astride the machine. It was a very inelegant position for a woman, or a girl. He was talking directly at her crotch. He was a nice guy, and he wasn't reacting badly to her outrageous behaviour.
She hadn't worn panties under the yoga pants. They were thin to start with, and when she stretched they thinned to almost nothing. With her legs stretched open the crotch was failing in the task of hiding her pussy. The pants had already sliced her lips, now they were stretched tissue paper thin.
The poor guy was automatically reciting the well used instructions for this piece of equipment, without hearing a word of it. He couldn't take his eyes off her, and his cock had taken over his thinking. She took it all in, and pushed her feet down and back. With her knees up around her chin, and legs spread, her pussy looked almost bare.
'Do I look alright?' she asked.
'Sure, sure, keep going,' he instructed.
'Oh! I've got cramp,' she complained. 'Rub my leg, please!' she added through gritted teeth.
He reached forward then thought better of it.
'I've been called. I'll send someone to look after you,' the trainer apologised.
He hurried away looking worried. He couldn't find one of the girls to help the newbie out, and cursed. He decided to stay safe, so he wasn't going out there until she left.
Greg chuckled to himself. He'd watched the two of them, and knew the trainer well enough to see he was scared for his job. He ambled over to the new girl, and introduced himself.
'You're doing well on that equipment,' he said.
Felicity was more wary of this big brazen guy. She hadn't been fooled into thinking he was a fitness trainer, and wasn't going to tease him. He looked too sure of himself, and ready to take advantage.
She looked over to where her husband was taking it easy on an exercise bike. He'd better save some energy for when they got home.
He guided her legs, becoming a bit too intimate. This wasn't like a dream this was real and she didn't want a stranger guiding her thighs. Looking over to her husband was supposed to get his attention. He smiled at her.
The guy was behind her guiding her arms. The back of his hands grazed her breasts, and were getting closer and closer to rubbing them, each time she stretched forward. Her nipples were already growing hard. If her breasts had been as large as in her dream they would have prevented her doing anything at all. In the end they had been enormous. She still couldn't work out what it meant.
He now had his arms around her, telling her to straighten her back. The arrogant man had his hands under her breasts, and she didn't like it one bit. He was all over her, while pretending to help her. Keeping to the arrangement with Philip, she giggled like a dumb blond. If she had the huge breasts, she would have been the perfect dumb blond bimbo.
Philip came up to them, and said, 'I'd better take over now. You can get back to your own exercises,' Philip firmly stated.
It had worked with the two black guys who mistook her for a whore in a mall. Would his bluff work again?
'That's OK buddy. I'm fine here. I'll look after the little lady. You get back to your cycling,' Greg said.
He stood up, towering over her husband. He put a hand to Philips chest, intending to push him away. Felicity was frightened for Philip. He wasn't likely to give in over a struggle to regain his wife. What could she do? She struggled to get out of the equipment. It was hopeless. She could see Philip was about to do something silly in retaliation. Of course he wanted his wife back from this big lug.
If he hit the guy it wouldn't do any good. He'd end up being thrown out, and she would be left here with the big lug. She didn't want her husband hit by him. It would be her fault and she had already been bad. Maybe she could defuse the situation, and give her husband a hint.
'Excuse me, Greg, sir,' she said.
She fluttered the new, false eyelashes, when he looked down at her.
'Could you help me with this, I can't get out,' she purred.
A warning look at her husband calmed him down, just enough. For a moment she thought he was going to hit the guy while distracted with her. Greg's muscles bulged when lifting a bar to release her. With the other hand he lifted her out. Philip wisely left her to manipulate the poor guy.
'I can use you as an exercise machine,' he laughed, and lifted her right up toward the ceiling with one hand.
Her heart fluttered with fear, and something else. A couple of strides and they were near another machine. Not putting her down meant there was no chance of escape. It felt as though she was being threaded into a machine. He slipped her hands into sleeves attached to chunky metal bars. Pulling on the padding tightened the sleeves around her wrists. So now she couldn't pull them free.
Her feet were fitted into similar sleeves, and they were tightened trapping her feet. Metal bars and weights were all around her, as though she were a part of the equipment.
He adjusted the weights and helped her lift the bar she was attached to. Then slowly eased it back down again. The weights were too heavy for her to lift which meant she couldn't get out without his help, even if she could get the sleeves off. He lifted another set of weights, and the movement spread her legs. She felt the material slip over her sensitive skin, cutting her in too. She knew what was happening down there, and what he could see.
The yoga pants were giving way. Any moment her sex would be on show, as the material parted. What would the big guy do then? Under the weights she was helpless. He could take advantage of her, without being able to do a thing to defend herself.
A weight was lifted and again her legs parted, stretched out almost sideways. Felicity watched a large pin pushed into place, holding the bar in place. She was laying back with her legs akimbo, feeling the material slowly creep away from her sex.
Greg looked down at her with a wicked grin.
'Such a pretty dumb bimbo needs looking after,' he said.
He sounded serious now. Felicity tried to call her husband but her throat was dry and constricted. Her head rocked from side to side, with eyes wide. She couldn't see him anywhere. She couldn't look after herself after all. She needed Philip to look after her, so where was he?
'Mr Greg Anders, to reception, please,' a bored voice sounded on the sound system.
The message was repeated, with the girl sounding just as bored. Philip arrived at her side almost as soon as he turned his back.
Pull your hands out while I hold this up,' he said.
'Now your feet,' he told her, while holding up a different weight.
'You'd better get changed,' he smirked.
The yoga pants had torn up around her waist. Felicity was naked from upper thighs up to her waist. Everyone had seen her bottom and sex. The men weren't applauding, but keenly watching her. She walked with her thighs pressed together, trying hard to hide her sex.
It was a relief to get into the changing room. Opening the locker, she rummaged through the sports bag. The relief quickly changed to resignation. How did he steal her clothes? Philip had exchanged her clothes for this! A pair of pink shorts, and top, was all that was left in the bag.
Pulling the shorts up was a hard job. They were stretchy, but a couple of sizes too small. They fit her like a second skin. They looked painted on. The top was the same. Eventually the two poppers were pushed together, and the tube was turned around. She breathed in deeply and expanded her chest. As expected the poppers burst, and the top fell off.
Another effort had the poppers lined up, connected, and turned around to her back.
'Alright, you want to punish me for what I did. I accept the challenge,' she smiled into the mirror.
The words 'I'm a Barbie Doll', were written across the top. Over her pert bottom was written, 'Barbie Booty 4U'. Across her sex it said, 'Barbie Ready 4U'. It didn't take much of an imagination to understand the messages. It would be humiliating walking out to the car, but she owed her husband more than this.
A woman walked in to change, looked her over, and didn't know whether to laugh or ignore her. She decided to ignore her. Felicity walked past her to the exit, and stopped.
'Hi! Can you tell the time?' she asked, using the stupid whiny voice.
The woman looked closely at Felicity, checking if the girl was making fun of her.
'I have this watch, but don't know what it says,' Felicity said, playing up the part.
'Err, yea, of course,' the woman said, and told her.
'I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm such a silly head. It's time I got back to my boss. He's so strict, he'll spank me if I'm late,' Felicity explained.
The woman's expression turned from disdain, to outrage.
'He does what? How dare he spank you. That's illegal,' the woman spluttered.
'Oh! It's alright, he makes it up to me afterwards. He puts me over his desk for a good seeing to!' Felicity giggled.
The woman looked shocked, and tried to say something, only managing to splutter.
Felicity walked out of the changing room feeling much better. A few weeks ago, before they played these games, there was no way she could have worn such a ridiculous outfit. She wondered what kind of person did. As for talking to that woman like that, it was really liberating.
'Hey, you must be Felicity,' the receptionist said.
'Sure, babe, like, what's up,' Felicity asked.
'Some guy left you a note,' she said, and went to hand it over.
'Oh! I can't read, can you do it for me?' she whined.
Felicity thought it so much fun, she wanted to carry on the whole day like this.
'The car has moved. You are to walk through the mall to meet your boyfriend,' the girl read out.
She looked Felicity up and down and smiled. Neither was she as dumb as she pretended. The girl guessed the woman was playing a game with her husband. It was the only explanation why the man paid her to put those clothes in the locker.
'Quick, get behind the counter, Greg is coming. He doesn't look pleased, either,' the girl said.
'Hi Greg, looking for someone?' Julie asked.
'Yea! Seen a woman in ripped yoga pants?' he asked.
'Did you do the ripping, naughty boy?' she giggled.
'No, but I will,' he said, and stormed back into the gym.
'I wouldn't get in his way if I was you. Unless of course you like it rough,' she giggled.
Felicity timidly peered over the counter to make sure the big man had gone.
'Thanks, I appreciate your help,' Felicity breathed a sigh of relief.
For a moment she thought the girl was playing around with her, and was going to revel her presence. Her heart was thumping with fear and excitement. She forgot all about acting like a dumb bimbo. She was ready to play a different game.
A group of guys came in and as one, their heads turned to Felicity. They grouped around her thinking she was the new receptionist. They were all talking at once, wanting to be booked in, and wanting other things from her. The suggestions became more bold when she just giggled.
The girl was being ignored which was something she wasn't used to. A hand went behind Felicity, and pulled. The top flung out across the counter, and hit one of the guys. As though her breasts were magnets, her hands were pulled over her them.
They had a good look at her tits, and complimented her. Felicity couldn't help smiling and thanking them. It was much easier resorting to being a dumb blond, as nothing much was expected of her. The guy held up her top, and said she could have it.
Trotting around the counter, she was among a group of boisterous young men, eager for a look at her breasts. They weren't louts, so weren't going too far. With one hand she reached up for her top. Having to let go of abreast had them cheering. He gave her the top but she had to completely uncover to put it on. He helped her push the poopers and she thanked him.
They each shook her hand, and only then did she realise they were shaking her breasts up and down.
'Thanks for the show, girl,' they smiled.
Like a stupid dumb girl, she was thanking them in return for being humiliated. She could feel the shorts were wet down there, and she still had to walk through the mall. Her husband was certainly playing an intense game with her. He'd saved her, then put her through yet another embarrassing situation.
She could hardly assert that she was a respectable married woman, while dressed like a slut. It meant men would treat her with very little respect. Looking like a dumb bimbo they expect to be able to take advantage. It was humiliating the way she was being treated, and that sexed her up. Some men just had a bit of fun with her, but she had to watch out for those who would go too far. The danger and vulnerability heated her up, yet it also drew her deeper into the game.
Walking from the gym toward the mall, she wondered what her husband had planned for her next. She was already for home, and a monstrous sex session. When they got home, she wasn't going to let him rest for the whole night. Where was he, and what was he up to? Could she cope with anymore of this playing around?
She looked into a store front that was mirrored from the sun's angle. The outfit was bad enough without the slogans written upon it. It had been dangerous letting that big muscle bound oaf manipulate her. She'd been helpless in his hands. He could have taken her, as there was nothing stopping him. Certainly not those yoga pants, which had split away from her crotch.
She felt humiliated when walking half naked through the gym. What did those men think of her, showing off her pussy and ass? The guys walking into the gym had seen her breasts, and made it clear they thought she was just a dumb fuck. It was humiliating the way they had made fun of her, then dismissed her, as being too slutty to bother with.
The humiliation wasn't over yet. She had to walk through the mall to meet her husband, before she could go home. She didn't know whether to be happy or terrified. She took a deep calming breath, and walked into the mall.