After the weekend sexcapade, the rest of that week was fairly uneventful. I thought,Maybe she's gotten it out of her system. Which, ultimately, I was okay with. Don't get me wrong, the sex was great! But, in the end, she was my mother. I was willing to write it off as a great, incestuous weekend that my mom was rebelling against my dad and his possible indiscretions, and that was it. Or so I thought.
Unbeknownst to me, on more than one occasion she snuck into my room during the night played my skin flute while I slept, dreaming it was my wife me. Dad and I were completely unaware every day she was slipping into the bathroom to practice her deep throat skills - which she was getting closer to accomplishing - and then masturbating to an explosive anal-assisted orgasm. She had even taken to watching videos how the pros managed to swallow their meat whole.
Friday I came home from work and there was a small package on the front porch wrapped in plain brown kraft paper addressed to Mom.
"Hey, Mom, this was out on the porch," I said as I handed it to her.
"Oh! Yay! I mean, (ahem) good."
"Jesus! Did you order more shit you don't need?" Dad bellowed from the other room.
"Oh, you hush," Mom said playfully.
"What'd you get now?" I asked sarcastically. She was always ordering shit off of Amazon.
"Oh, uh, nothing. Just something for the bathroom." To which she raced off to the back of the house and into the bathroom.
She tore the wrapping paper off to reveal a shiny box with a replica printed on its cover of what was hidden inside. Across the top in bold letters was "Black Mamba". She pried open the box and stared at her new interest - a black, veiny, life-like 8" dildo. She pulled it out of its molding and held it up.
It's smaller than Mark's, but it should do the trick.
She threw the packaging on the floor, ran the phallus under hot water, then sat back down on the seat of the toilet. She gave it a one last long gaze before she slipped it between her lips.
*****
Saturday morning I strolled into the kitchen to find Mom making breakfast. She sat with Dad and I over eggs and bacon while we discussed our plans.
"So, what you doing this weekend, Mark? Anything constructive?" Dad asked gruffly.
"Mmmmm, I don't know about constructive. I haven't seen Steve in a while. He's gonna come over tomorrow so we can catch up. I dunno. We'll probably play a couple of video games."
"Oh! Steve's coming over? Gosh, we haven't seen him in a couple of years." Mom said cheerily.I wonder if he's still as handsome as he was last time I saw him.
"Jesus. 25 years old and still playing video games," Dad grumbled.
"Oh, Bob, hush. It's what they do these days."
"Yeah. It'll be fun to play in the same room instead of online."
"So, um, what's Steve doing these days? Is he, um, married or anything?"
"Nope, living the single life. Working in the I/T department down at Peterson making boo coo bucks."
"It'll be nice to see him," Mom said cheerily.
*****
That afternoon, I answered the door. Steve and I smiled and did bro hugs.
"Hey, man! How ya doin'?" I asked.
"Good! Not living at Mommy and Daddy's house, I can tell you that. Ha!"
"Fuck you, man."
"Steve! How lovely to see you!" Mom sung when she appeared behind us. She practically pushed me aside and held out her arms.
"It's good to see you, too, Mrs. A," Steve said as the two hugged.
Mom stepped back. "My my! Aren't you handsome?!"
"Ha! And you're just as beautiful as ever."
She waved a dismissive hand. "Oh, stop it." There was an awkward silence, then she said, "Well, I'll let you boys get to your games or whatever. Can I get you something to drink?"
A few minutes later, Mom came in with our refreshments. Steve got a clean shot down her cleavage of the little halter top she was wearing when she bent to serve his drink. She got a clean shot of the bulge in his shorts.
She couldn't help but notice his gaze down her shirt. My words came back to her.You have great tits, Mom. All my friends think so.Her face flushed. Her body temperature rose.Is he...is he looking at me like...like...that?!
"Well, uh, if you boys need anything else, just let me know, okay?"
"Thanks, Mom."
"Thanks, Mrs. A!" While Dad watched football in the other room and Mom cleaned house, Steve and I began killing rebels. "Dude, your mom still has a rockin' rack! Fuck she's hot!"
"Yeah, yeah. Concentrate on the game, dude. You missed him!"
"Have you nailed that yet?"
"Nailed what?"
"Your mom, dumbass!"
"My mom?!"Yes!"What the fuck is wrong with you, dude?"
"I know I would have if that was my mom."
"Dude, you're twisted. And full of shit. Fuck! I'm hit! Shoot that motherfucker!"
"You're just a pussy."
"And you're one sick puppy."
An hour or so later, Mom poked her head around the corner. "Can I get you boys anything?"
"No thanks, Mom, we're good."
"She can get me hard," Steve mumbled under his breath.
"Okay. Well, I'm going to go take a shower."
"Um...okay?" I wasn't sure why she was announcing it.
"I'll be in the spare bathroom, your bathroom. Our shower is still acting up again."
"Jesus. Dad hasn't looked at that yet?"
"Well, he's been busy."
Yeah. Busy bangin' his secretary."I'll take a look at it later."
"Oh, that'd be wonderful! Okay, well, I'm all sweaty and gross. I'm gonna go take that shower." She turned and left.
Steve leaned into me. "I'd like to make her all sweaty and gross."
I shook my head. "Jesus, dude."
"My cock needs a shower," Steve chuckled.
"Will you shut the fuck up already?! Jesus!"
It wasn't long before Steve lost his last life. "Goddammit."
"Well, if you'd concentrate on the game and not my mom's tits."
"She does have some awesome tits."
"You're twisted."
"Fuck it. I'm gonna go take a squirt." He smacked me in the head and laughed as he walked past me.
We lived in an older house. Meaning it had settled. Meaning there were creaks and squeaks. Meaning things didn't line up like they used to. The door to the spare bathroom was no different. Mom thought she had closed the door, but it didn't latch. By the time she was in the shower it had worked itself open several inches.
When Steve came down the hall he instinctively turned and walked into the open bathroom door. He was a step in before he realized the shower was running. Then he caught a glimpse of Mom in the shower.
He jumped backwards, bringing the door with him. "Oh! Fuck!" he grunted.
Mom thought she heard something over the splash of the water. She turned to see the door moving.Didn't I close that door?
Steve started to close the door, then paused.Hold on a second! What're you doing, dumbass?!He cracked the door open wide enough to get a good view of Mom in the mirror.Fuck, she's fine! Definitely a MILF!He looked down the hallway, then turned his attention back to the mirror.
Mom caught a glimpse of Steve in the mirror. She gasped, covered herself, and spun towards the wall. Then she thought about it for a second.He was looking at me like that! He IS looking at me like that!Her body turned hotter than the water. Her lips curled at the corners.Maybe I'll put on a little show for him.She turned back to the shower, giving Steve a nice profile of her luscious curves.
Fuck me!Steve thought to himself. He grabbed his growing rod through his shorts and began to squeeze it.
Mom watched his reflection out the corner of her eye. (GASP!) Is he...?! Oh my God, he is!Her knees went weak for a second. Her face got an evil look. She got a handful of body wash, turned to the mirror, and began to lather herself up.
"Oh fuuuuuuuck," Steve moaned. His hand went inside his shorts.Oh man! The guys won't believe this!He reached into his pocket, pulled out his phone, held it up, and began to record.
She could see in the mirror what he was doing.(gasp!) Is he...is he taking pictures?!Her body was white hot.Why does this whole situation turn me on like this?!Her cunt was pounding as hard as her heart. She turned to the shower. One hand went on the wall, the other between her legs. The water crashed onto the back of her head and down her back and shoulders. She squeaked at her first touch.
Steve's eyes opened wide.Holy crap! Is she...oh fuck, she is!His hand began to move faster.
She glanced at him out the corner of her eye, trying not to be obvious. She leaned into the wall harder. She slapped her knob faster. Her jaw clenched. Her back bowed. Her forehead touched the cold tile of the shower wall. Her body tensed. Her knees trembled. Her jaw clenched. She did everything she could to subdue the howl inside her body as a roaring orgasm rolled through it. She yiped and squeaked while the image of this hard young man fucking her every hole raced through her brain.
When the rumble finally subsided, she took a deep breath and straightened up.Now, what do I do about Steve?She knew exactly what she wanted.
Steve froze when she turned her head and stared at his reflection in the mirror with a wicked grin.Fuck! Busted!His eyebrows raised when she curled her finger inviting him to come in.Fuck! She's gonna kick my ass!He hesitantly walked through the door into the bathroom as she opened the shower door and exited.
"Close the door," she whispered sexily.
Steve looked at the ground. "I...I'm sorry, Mrs. A." It didn't dawn on him she was making zero effort to put a stitch of clothing on.
"Do you always spy on your friend's mothers when they're in the shower?"
"No, ma'am. It's just, you know, the door was open..."
"And you just had to stop."
"Well, yeah, kinda."
"Did I see you taking pictures?"
"Huh?" He looked down at the phone in his hand. "Oh! Well, uh, it was actually video, but, yeah..."
"And what do you plan on doing with that?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "Well, uh, you know, I dunno."
She ran her finger down through her cleavage. "Do you find me attractive, Steve? Maybe sexy?"
Without even thinking, "Oh yeah! Absolutely!"Shit!"I mean, uh, yeah, I guess."
"You guess?"
"Well, you know..."
She was enjoying this.
"Were you going to show that video to your friends?"
Hell yeah I am!"What?! No. No. Nooooooo."
She stepped closer. "Maybe beat off to it?"
"What?! I, uh, uh, what?"
He jumped when she poked him in the chest. "I'll tell you how you can make it up to me." Her hand ran down his chest as she spoke.
Fuck! She's gonna make me do chores or some such shit!"Really? How's that?" His jaw fell open when she began to lower herself.
"You can let me suck on this great big thingy you've got in your pants," she cooed.
He jumped when her hand stopped in his groin. She rubbed the thick bulge in his pants. "Uh, what?"
She heard my words in her head."It's not a thingy, Mom. It's a cock!""Do you want me to suck on your big cock, Steve? Huh? I'll bet you want to put your big fat cock in my mouth, don't you?" She grabbed his waistband.
"I, uh...guh!" he croaked when her long fingers wrapped around his pole and she pulled it out into the open.
It's not nearly as big as Mark, but definitely bigger than Bob."Oooooo, what a nice cock you have," she purred as she stroked it.
"Really? You think so?"Am I really having this conversation?!
She nodded her head. "Mmmmmhmmmm."
"But...but...what if, you know, Mark or your, you know, your husband..."
She smiled. "They won't."
"Guh!" he croaked when Mom took him into her mouth.
She pulled back and giggled. "But you'll need to be quiet."
"Right. Right. Sorry. Guh!" he yiped much quieter when she took him back into her mouth. Her head quickly began to move in and out of his crotch. "Oh wow, that feels really good, Mrs. A."
"Mmmmmm," she hummed, then pulled back. "I've been told I'm a good little cocksucker."
"Oh yeah. Guh!"
Her head bobbed several more times before pulling back again. "Would you like to record this, Steve? Would you like to record me sucking your cock?"
"I, uh, well..."
"Go ahead. I think it's hot," she cooed.
"Oh! Yeah. Okay." He held the phone up and pointed it down at the top of her head. "Oh! Oh wow. Damn, Mrs. A., that feels really good."
"Mmmmmhmmmm!" She squeaked when her hand slapped her excited kernel.
One hand of Steve's when to the back of her head while the other recorded. "You really are a good little cocksucker, Mrs. A."
"Mmmmmmhmmmm!"
"Do you like sucking...sucking....ggggrrrrr...sucking...cock?"
"Mmmmmmhmmmm!"
He had already worked himself up into quite a lather standing at the door. "Oh, fuck! You're gonna make me cum. Fuck!"
She felt him throb in her mouth. "Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
His hips started to thrust. "Are you...are you a swallower or a....grrrrrr...a spitter?"
What does that even mean?!"Mmmmmmmm," she hummed around his rod.
His grip tightened on her skull. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh ggggaaaaahhhhhggggrrrrr!"
Her mouth quickly filled with his spunk. She gulped the thick goo as fast as she could, but she couldn't keep up. It seeped out her lips and ran down her chin, eventually landing on her swaying mounds.
When the throbbing slowed and the flow stopped, Mom released Steve from her suction. She gave him several slow, hard tugs, coaxing every last bit from his hose. It oozed out of his nozzle and ran across her hand and down her forearm.
"Wow," he panted.
She giggled and looked at her hand. "Looks like I need another shower." Her tongue ran up her forearm.
"Uh, yeah. Sorry."
"Don't apologize! It was worth it." She looked up into his face. "I'll make you a deal. Don't show that video to any of your friends or anything like that and maybe we'll do this again."
"Seriously?!" Her eyes twinkled when she nodded her head. "Deal!"
"Of course, not a word of this to Bob or Mark."
"Right, right. Yeah. Right. No, not a word."
"Okay, go on. Get outta here before Mark thinks you fell in." She giggled again. "I need another shower."
Steve slowly opened the door and poked his head out. He looked both ways, up and down the hallway, then quickly stepped out.
*****
Steve sat down next to me on the couch.
"What the fuck took you so long?" I asked annoyed.
"Huh? Oh! Yeah. I, uh, I dropped a deuce since I was in there."
"You dropped a fucking deuce in my parent's bathroom?!"
"You parent's bathroom? Oh! Right! Your parent's bathroom. Yeah, I dropped a deuce in your parent's bathroom."
"Jesus. Did you light a candle at least?"
"No, I didn't light a fucking candle. Jesus. When did you become the fucking bathroom police?"
*****
Mom stood up and turned the shower back on.Dammit! He finished before I did!She stepped into the shower and lathered herself back up while thoughts of what just happened replayed in her mind. The water ran across her body while she contemplated her next move.
My God, I'm horny! Should I satisfy myself here again? Should I slip into my bathroom and use one of my toys? Should I resist the urge?
Then two familiar images appeared on her shoulders.
"Damn! Blowing your son's friend! Right here in the fucking bathroom! That was pretty fuckin' hot!" the little Devil said.
"You should be ashamed of yourself," the little angel admonished.
"You're still thinkin' about it, aren't you? Ha! You are!"
"How could she not be? I'm sure she feels terrible guilt at the sin she just experienced."
"Feels terrible?! Ha! Are you fuckin' kidding me?! She wants to finger herself right now because it made her so fuckin' hot! Am I right, sista?"
He was right. Mom couldn't deny it.
"Oh my goodness! You're a nasty little thing, aren't you?" The angel asked of the Devil. "Leesa, you need to go to your loving husband and cleanse yourself. You must admit your sins to him and ask for his forgiveness."
"Are you fuckin' kidding me?! He'd leave her in a New York minute! And, believe me, I know a little somethin' about New York minutes!"
The little Devil was right. Bob would never understand.
"Ignore that nasty little creature. He knows nothing about love. Your husband will understand and forgive you."
The little Devil laughed at the angel. "Ha ha ha! You're off your fuckin' rocker, toots!" He turned to Leesa's ear. "You're thinkin' about goin' back to your bathroom and rubbin' one out with one of your shitty little toys, aren't you, you horny little bitch?"
She was.
"Don't let him talk to you this way!"
The Devil pointed at the angel. "Fuck off, bitch!" He turned back to Leesa. "Why would you use one of those tiny, plastic fuckin' things when you've got the real thing 20 feet away?"
Why, indeed?
"Don't listen to him! You just sinned with your son's friend! Don't make it worse!"
"You wanna be a really nasty little bitch? Go fuck your son's big cock right there in front of his friend."
That would be nasty, wouldn't it? I don't know if I can or not!
"Are you kiddin' me, you fuckin' slut?! You want to. You know you want to!"
It's true. I'm getting all hot just thinking about it!
"Oh my goodness! Don't listen to him! You're better than this! You must fight off these wicked thoughts of sins of the flesh!"
I can't stand it! I'm gonna do it!
"That a girl, you nasty little bitch!"
"Oh no!"
Mom stepped out of the shower, wrapped a towel around herself, and raced to her own bathroom.
*****
45 minutes later, Mom rounded the corner wearing a slinky, shiny robe and walked into the family room where Steve and I were killing zombies. Her hair was curled and her makeup was perfect.
"Oh my goodness! Is that all your games are, killing things?"
I shrugged my shoulders as I blew the head off of one of the walking dead. "Pretty much."
"May I sit and watch?" she asked.
"Yeah, sure, I guess. Suit yourself." She plopped herself down next to me, curled her long legs onto the couch, and leaned into me.Damn, she smells good!
After several minutes of growling and blood splatter, Mom leaned into me close and whispered in my ear, "I want you."
I did a double take. "Huh?"
"I want you. Right now," she cooed in my ear.
Another double take. "Wait. What?"
"I want your thingy." She giggled to herself.He hates when I say that!"I want your thingy. In my mouth. Right now." Her hand slipped into my shorts.
"Wait. What? Now?!" I felt her hand stealthily slide across my skin. I squirmed in my seat hoping Steve didn't notice. "Guh!" I grunted when her hand placed my quickly growing tool in her grip.
All Steve heard was my side of the conversation. He glanced back and forth between my mother and my faces and the TV, not noticing what was going on below my waist.
I was still squirming in my seat. "Fuck! Mom! Steve's right here," I hissed quietly through clenched teeth as my bulge grew.
"Mmmmm, it feels like you like it," she purred in my ear.
"Jesus, Mom. Have you lost your fucking mind?!" The tip was poking out the top of my shorts.
"Maybe. But I want that big, fat thingy in my mouth. Right. Now."
"Aw fuck, Mom. You're killin' me!" I was fully erect. She had the top two inches fully exposed. I didn't stop her as her head slipped under my hand still holding the controller blasting away. "Guh!" I barked when she took me into her mouth.
Steve finally figured out what was going on. His head twisted from the back of Mom's head to my contorted face. "What the...holy fuck!"
"Jesus Christ, Mom," I moaned.
If the pope walked through our front door right now, Steve wouldn't have been more shocked compared to what he was seeing right now. "Holy shit, dude! I mean...what the fuck?!" His bulge had returned.
"I...I don't know what to tell you, man." I really didn't.
"I mean, she said she loved sucking cock, but damn!" His hand was in his lap.
My head snapped around. "She what?! When the fuck did she say that?!"
"Ha! She blew me in the bathroom a little bit ago! Ha ha!" he laughed.
"Are you fuckin' kidding me?!" Her head continued to bounce in my lap.
"Ha! No, man! Right there in the bathroom! She sucks dick like a pro, man!"
I was trying to process this information when Mom released me and twisted her head.
"I did. I gave him a blow job in the bathroom. It was yummy."
"Guh!" I huffed when she took me back in. Steve was fully exposed now and jerking himself. "Okay, fine." I tossed the controller to the side. My hand went to the back of her head. "She's a cock sucking slut, okay? She's a fucking slut, okay?"
"Mmmmmhmmmm," she hummed.
"Holy shit," Steve said in disbelief while he tugged on his pole.
Mom tilted her head.Oh my God! He's hard again already! I'd forgotten how quickly young men recharge! God, I miss that!She pulled out of my groin and looked up at Steve's stunned face. "Oooooo, look at you, all ready to go again already," she whirred.
"Huh? Oh! Right! Well, uh, yeah, I mean, fuck!"
She sat up straight, then lifted herself off the couch. She smiled down at the two of us, then focused on me. Her face blushed. "I've got a surprise for you."
"Um...okay," I said hesitantly.
Steve and I stopped breathing when she opened her robe and let it fall to the ground. She stood there before us, gloriously naked and beautiful. She smiled at our reactions. She stepped towards Steve. His eyes darted between her perfectly round globes and her devilish smile while she crawled onto his lap and straddled him.
"We'll have to be quiet, okay?" she whispered to Steve. His brain wasn't fully functioning. He could only nod. He grunted when she wrapped her long, sexy fingers around his fresh stiffy. "How 'bout it, Steve? Do you want to put your thingy in my hoo ha?"
He felt her heat hover over him. "My what in your what?"
I rubbed my forehead. "Jesus, Mom."
"Oh! Right!" She took a deep breath. Steve watched her face turn into a fuck-me look. "Steve, do you want to put your big fat cock in my, uh, my pussy? Hmmm? Do you?" she asked in a husky voice.
"I, uh, I..." Her hot lips touched his crown. "Mmmm! I, uh, um..." His swollen tip parted her fleshy folds. "Guh!"
The two moaned in sync while she slid down his pole into his lap.
She looked into his face. "Mmmmm, your big fat cock feels so good."
"Damn, Mrs. A! Your pussy feels even better than your mouth!"
She giggled and held a finger to her lips. "Shhhhhh. Quiet, remember?"
"Oh! Yeah. Right. Sorry."
She looked over her shoulder to me. "Now for my surprise." She paused. A look crossed her face unlike anything I'd ever seen. "I want you..." She paused again.C'mon, you can do it! You been rehearsing this for days!"I want you to take that big, beautiful cock of yours and fuck Mommy's ass like a little slut."
I nearly shot my wad right then and there. "Really? Are you sure?"
She nodded her head and hummed, "Mmmmmhmmmm."
I slid behind her. She sighed when I touched her back door.
"Look at you, Mom, you naughty bitch. You're already lubed up."
She smiled back at me. "I told you I had a surprise for you." She squeaked when just the tip parted her.
"You'd better relax, Mom, or this is gonna hurt like a motherfucker."
"I...I'm trying." She took a deep breath and exhaled. She gave a light moan when the first inch passed her sphincter. The moan grew louder with every inch. "Oh sweet Jesus," she groaned when I stopped balls deep. "You two are going to split me in two!"
"That's because you're so fuckin' tight, Mrs. A!"
"You're both too big! Ohmagawd!"I should've gotten a bigger dildo!
"Jesus, Mom, keep it down" I chuckled. "Dad's just down the hallway."
"Yes. Yes. I...I'll try." Steve and I gave our first thrusts. "Ohmagawd!"
"Jesus, Mom!"
"Yes. Yes. I'm sorry. Guh!" she grunted with another thrust. "Mmmmahhh!" she yiped when Steve sucked a nipple between his lips.
I leaned into her and hissed in her ear, "Do you really want Dad to come in here and find us fucking you like a cheap fucking whore?" She shook her head. "Then you need to shut the fuck up."
She nodded. "I...I'll try. Mmmmffff!"
Soon, Steve and I where plowing her like a mule through a field. I had my fingers dug into her hips while Steve mauled her breasts and drove her crazy with each flick of his tongue to her sensitive pointers.
"Ohmagawd, yes," she moaned quietly. "Fuck your Mommy like a little slut. Yes, just like that. Mmmmmmm yes, fuck your Mommy's holes with your big, fat cocks."
"We're gonna tear your shit up, Mom," I growled. "You won't be able to walk for a week when we're done with you."
She could feel a stampede of lightning racing up her thighs. "Yes. Yes! Tear me up!"
She had herself worked into a frenzy before she ever came into the room. It didn't take long for her to go into a full-fledged wreck. She pushed back into our thrusts. We could feel her begin to spasm around our muscles.
"You're gonna fuckin' cum, aren't you, Mom?"
She nodded her head and whimpered, "Yes."
Steve removed a wrinkled nipple from his mouth and looked into her contorted face. "C'mon, Mrs. A, are you gonna cum all over my cock? Huh? Is your tight little cunt gonna cum all over my cock?"
She nodded with her eyes closed. "Yes! Yes!" Her body began to tremble.
"What a fuckin' whore," I hissed with an evil smile while a pumped her backside. "What kind of mother fucks her son and his best friend with her husband just down the hall? Huh? What kind of whore does that?"
"A slutty mother. Only...only a slutty mother would...would do that. Ohmagawd. Please don't stop!"
"Don't stop what, whore?" Steve grumbled.
"Don't stop...mmmmm...don't stop fucking....fucking your whore's tight...little...ohmagawd...tight little holes with your...huge...fat...cocks." The lightning bolts crashed into her slit. A thunder clap erupted inside of her. It felt like a massive storm was tearing through her body. She wanted to scream but clenched her jaw and managed to muffle it. Her holes clamped down on us like a vise grip.
"Holy fuck, dude! I don't know how much longer I can last!" Steve announced.
"Give it, to her, man, give it to her!"
"Yes! Yes! Give it to me," she barked while her body shuddered. "I want to feel it inside me!"
His face twisted. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh ggggaaaaahhhhhggggrrrrr!"
"Keep it down in there, goddammit! Hey, Leesa! Bring me a beer!" came the call from down the hallway.
"Yes! Yes!" She tried to concentrate. "In a...in a minute...dear!"
"Well, make it snappy! I'm thirsty!"
"We don't want to keep him waiting," I snarled. I grabbed her shoulder and pulled her back while her body still trembled. "C'mon, get off his cock! Get on your knees, bitch!"
She practically fell out of Steve's lap onto the floor, leaving his glistening mast waving in the wind. I palmed the top of her head with one hand while I jerked my meat with the other inches from her face while she caressed her mounds and pinched her nips.
"Oh fuck! I'm...I'm gonna...cum! Fuck! Ah! Ah! Ah fuck! Huhggggaaaaa!"
"Yes! Yes! Give it to me! Give it to Mommy! Gak!"
A stream of white crashed onto the her forehead. A second hit just below her eye while a third splashed against a cheek. I leaned in and pressed my still oozing hose against her face and rubbed it all around. By the time I backed away, the better part of her face had a milky sheen to it.
She reached up and swiped her fingers across her eyelids when I released my grip and stepped back.
"Damn, dude! You just painted your own mother's face!"
"You mean my whore's face?" I asked.
"Where's my beer, goddammit?!"
"Shit!" Mom Jumped to her feet and grabbed her tiny robe. "Shit shit shit! Give me one of your shirts, let me wipe this...stuff...off my face!"
Steve started to take off his shirt when I said, "Hell, no. Remember last time?"
She thought about it, then it hit her. "You want me to do that again?"
Steve was shocked at the words. "'Last time'? 'Again'? What...what the actual fuck?"
I gave her a wicked smile. "Yeah, do it again. He didn't figure it out last time, did he?"
Steve's head was spinning. "Figure what out?!"
"Well, no," she said meekly.
"And you thought it was exciting, didn't you?"
It's true! I did find it so naughty - so exciting! - to walk in front of my husband with my face covered with my sons cum!"Well, I..."
"Such a fuckin' slut," I chuckled. "Go on, get him his fucking beer, slut."
She wasn't nearly as hesitant about it this time as she was the first time. She was still nervous, but even more excited by the naughtiness of it all than before. On top of her sons spunk coating her face, Steve's was streaking down the insides of her thighs. She went to the kitchen, grabbed a beer from the fridge, and headed down the hallway.
Steve couldn't believe what he was seeing. "Holy fuck, dude! She's going to go in there with your shit all over her face?!" I simply smiled and nodded. "Holy fuck, dude! When did your mom become such a slut?!"
She walked to her husband's chair and handed him his beer.
"It's about fuckin' time," he said when he took it from her hand. Then he did a double take when he saw her. "Jesus fuckin' Christ! You went a little overboard on the moisturizer, didn't ya?!" It was dripping off her chin and spotting her short, shiny robe.
"Oh," she giggled. "Yeah, I guess I did."
"Jesus," he muttered. He looked her up and down. "You're wearin' that thing? With two boys in the house? Jesus Christ, woman! Go put some clothes on before they get any ideas! And wipe that shit off your face!"
She gave him a knowing smile. "You're right, dear. We don't want them getting any ideas. I'll go change. And take a shower."
"Good idea! Jesus."
*****
She stood in the shower letting the warm water rush across her still hot body.
My God, what have I done?! What have I become?! I need to stop. I can't keep doing this. It's gone too far. I just did it with my son and his friend! Oh my God! What if he tells his friends?!Without even realizing it, her hand was between her legs.But...but...do I really care? I...I can't stop thinking about...his cock! Their cocks! It felt so good! It felt amazing! Is it possible? Have I...am I a...a slut?Her body began to shiver.Am I...am I my son's...son's whore? Oh my God! I...I...
"Aaaaaaaiiiiiiyyyyyyeeeeee!" she howled. Her body exploded with another paralyzing orgasm imagining it.