It's silly to be wearing heels when it is cold outside, shaking my head but smiling all the same. 'Heels make a girl's legs look long and shapely and her ass high and firm' remembering an article I read in some girly-girl magazine while waiting in line at the checkout stand. I can feel the eyes of the construction workers on me as I walk by, so I know there is some truth to the article.
I turn to let my long jacket fall open revealing everything I don't have on underneath, I smile at them, but they have eyes only for my body, as I walk into the strip club. Bruce is smiling at me as I walk toward the bar. "Those guys are going to call it a day early and come looking for you!"
I grin up at him, lean over the bar making sure to place my arm under my breasts pushing them higher up for Bruce to admire. "I hope so!" and we kiss. Kissing Bruce makes my juices flow, his lips or his tongue, I don't know what it is, but I am moaning in no time.
"What's the crowd like today?" I ask as we break apart, I can see my lust for him mirrored in his eyes. I move further away, nothing naughty is allowed in the lobby, those are the rules. But we can tease! I walk to the coat rack, pulling off my coat as I go. I know Bruce is watching, with no one else in the room he has nothing better to do.
I'm dressed in a see-through black lace dress that barely covers my ass and the low-cut shows off my deep cleavage. I don't need to stretch to reach the top locker, but I do for Bruce's benefit, my ass is bare, the string of my thong between my cheeks.
His arms are around me in an instant; one hand sliding down to my pussy the others sliding my dress up as he cups a breast in his hand. I tilt my head, begging him to kiss my neck, he knows how much I love it, I press against him feeling his hard cock through his pant and between my ass cheeks. He kisses my neck, sliding his fingers over my clit, I nearly cum then and there, my hips start to move as the sexual tension builds in my body. Suddenly Bruce nibbles my ear and my knees buckles as I finally do cum all over his hand.
"Gawd, you are so easy!!" he half carries me over to a table, lays me down pushing my legs apart. I forget all about the rules when he licks my pussy, sucking the juices off my lips. I grip the table, raising my hips when he slides a finger inside me, "no, please..." I groan when he slides it back out. He laughs, "I'm not going anywhere. But you'll like this better." And slides the slick finger in my ass, I scream as I cum again. I'm bucking the table as Bruce fucks my ass and pussy at the same time, I am breathing hard, dripping with sweat, I can't imagine a nicer way to start the evening.
"BRUCE!" a man yells, "you know you can't do that in the lobby, they'll shut us down!" Bruce slowly stands, I'm crazed with unsatisfied yearning stilling moaning, still moving my hips, my hand slides down to play with my clit, I have to cum, I'm nearly there...
"Sorry, boss. It was kind of slow and I got carried away."
"Damn, that must be some might fine pussy if you'd risk getting caught by the wrong people!" Through my half-closed eyes the stranger is watching me playing with myself, my legs wide open, and he slides a finger down the inside of my leg but not touching the spot I needed the most. "please!" I beg.
"Why don't you see for yourself." Bruce moves away to pull the coat rack between us and the front door, hiding us from unwanted eyes on the street. Bruce kisses me again before walking back to the bar.
The man watching me moves closer, his long hard cock is now in his hand, slowly stroking it up and down as I'm sliding my finger in and out. Not knowing what this man wants from me, but wanting his thick cock in me is all I can think about.
I look up and discover him staring at me, "you like strange cock?" I stare at him. "I'm going to fuck you". It wasn't a question but a statement of fact and I can't help myself, my pussy gets wet at just the idea of being fucked by this stranger, but that is why I come here isn't it.
"Please!" I beg again.
Walking through the town seeing the sign for the strip club the tourist had reviewed online; strip club downstairs, movie theaters upstairs, and miscellaneous rooms everywhere. He was horny and wanted to check it out. Maybe the strip club would be open, or he could go into the theater and get (maybe give) a blow job. He opened the door quietly, the music was blaring. A man was standing by a coat rack, looking away from the door, watching something intently as he stroking himself through his pants.
The tourist slowly walked over and saw the gorgeous tall woman on a table the man was watching, a second man was standing between her legs, fucking her. He was thrusting hard, he was grunting with each thrust. The woman on the table finally see the tourist and says, "Fuck my mouth".
He walked over, stood next to the table, dropped his pants, his cock rapidly rising. She turned her head towards him, opened her mouth, leaning in, he slips his cock into her eager warm mouth. He slid in and out of her mouth, watching her as she was being fucked. He reached down, stroked her gorgeous tits, her whole body shook with the climax. The man between her legs thrust faster now, about to cum. It was too much, and he could feel his body peak, and both men filled her with cum. The man between her legs pulled out, turned, and walked away. She looked up at the stranger. "Ever have a cream pie..."