I woke up the next morning at the Grand Wailea in a bit of a fog, still unable to comprehend what had just happened to me. It took me forty-five years on this planet for me to experience the kind of pleasure I felt last night. I never thought I would see an 11-inch cock in person, and I could not believe after all these years that I was actually able to squirt. Could this be my new superpower? To say I was intrigued would be an understatement. I had 2 days left on my "me" vacation, I just had the most mind-blowing sex of my life and I have no idea who it was with, what his name was and if I will ever see him again.
I decided to go for a walk on the beach in hopes of running into my mystery man. I freshened up and put on a nice micro bikini that accented my large 36DD's nicely. It just barely covered my nipples. I put on a shear cover up skirt and some strappy sandals. I figured on the off chance I ran into Mr. Right, I needed to look as fuckable as possible.
I got down to the ocean front and began my stroll. I took off my sandals and let my feet hit the cool ocean water. I noticed people of all shapes, sizes and ages on the beach. I kept scouring to see if my guy would appear. No such luck. I walked for about three miles and covered 5 different hotel properties. What would I do if I couldn't find him? Surely no one could live up to last night. As I approached the Marriott next to the Grand Wailea, I saw 6 college aged guys throwing the football around. Oh, to be in my twenties again and not have a care in the world. I heard the tall blond guy yell hike as his two teammates sprinted down the beach, trying to outpace their coverage. The ball was airborne and the cute guy with black hair had beaten his man. The ball was overthrown though, and it was coming right for me. I dropped my sandals and did my best Rob Gronkowski and snagged the ball just as the boy slammed on his breaks to avoid decking me.
"Hey, nice catch ma'am," he said.
"Do I look like a ma'am to you?"
"Well, I, I, I..."
"I'm just messing with you. Here is your ball," I said as I flipped it to him.
"What is your name?" he asked with a smile.
Stephanie came out of my mouth this time. I figured I had to retire old Alexis from last night. She could only come out again if I found Mr. Right.
"Well Stephanie, it was nice to meet you."
"What are you boys doing this evening?" I asked with a furtive smile.
"We have one of those overnight flights back home, so we get kicked out of our hotel room in the next hour and then are homeless until about 10PM when we need to head to the airport, so this day is kind of a bust."
He looked sad. I thought I could help. "Well, I'll tell you what. I have a room over at the Fairmont. Why don't you check out of your hotel, spend a little more time on the beach and then head over to my room at 6:00 PM. I will order some room service for us, and you can relax before your flight and keep me company."
"That's awfully nice of you, but I can't ditch my friends," he said.
"Oh, I am sorry. I didn't mean just you. I meant all six of you."
His jaw dropped. "Wow, I don't know what to say."
"Well don't say anything. Just round up your friends and head to room 1032 at 6:00 PM. Don't be late. I will be waiting for you."
"Okay, okay...we will be there for sure," he said with an unsure tone.
"I'll count on it."
And with that, I walked by the rest of the gang. "See you later tonight boys. Don't be late."
They shook their heads in wonderment as I strolled up the path to the Grand Wailea pool. I had to go back and start game planning what I was going to do with these young studs. I was still within ear shot when I heard the quarterback yell to his receiver, "What the hell is going on Johnny?".
I just laughed and thought to myself, "They have no idea what is coming."
I scurried up to my room at the Grand Wailea and started preparing. What would be appropriate for six college studs? I rummaged through my suitcase and pulled out some nice halter tops that really accentuated my cleavage. I then grabbed a short skirt that would barely cover my butt cheeks. Then it hit me. I am going about this all the wrong way. I hatched a plan that was way better than this. As I thought it through, I began to feel a serious wetness building in my pussy. I was going to have to take care of this. I went into my toy bag and grabbed my Hitachi vibrator. I was pulling out the big guns.
I laid back on the bed and began fingering myself. I was so wet that I easily slipped three fingers in with very little effort. I got myself pretty worked up and grabbed for my vibrator. I pushed it gently against my extremely sensitive clit. I began rocking back and forth, feeling a great orgasm building. It was almost like my pussy was filling up like a dam about to burst. I rubbed my vibrator faster and faster across my clit and reached around and fingered myself with my free hand. It was building alright, and it felt like I was about to unleash my newly found superpower. I moaned loudly and threw my head back and braced myself and just let everything go as my come squirted like a geyser from my pussy, hitting the flat screen TV and the wall in front of me.
"Holy shit. That was amazing. I can't believe I can do that," I said to myself.
With that, I laid back on the bed and smiled. I had a master plan, and it was going to be a great night. I had to make some calls to line a few things up. I was going to need some help and I knew just who to turn to.
Maui has always been one of my favorite getaways whenever I wanted to explore my wild side. It was far enough away from New York that I felt comfortable that I wouldn't run into people I know. Having been to the island several times, I have started to develop some relationships with the locals. Since I often go solo, it has given me a chance to have some conversations with some of the restaurateurs and their waitstaff and I always make sure to take care of them with generous tips. I never have a problem getting tables when it is a crowded night and I always get top notch service.
These connections would come in handy tonight as I began preparing for my six college studs to come to room 1032. I took an Uber over to my favorite sushi restaurant called Shinto. It was a small hole in the wall, but it had the best fish, and the owner Yoshi was an incredibly talented chef and one of the nicest men I have ever encountered. It was about 10:30 AM so they were not opened yet, but I texted Yoshi and asked if I could pop in and let him know about a big order I would need for that evening. He immediately replied and told me to head over. He said it would be good to see me.
When I arrived, it was just him and some of his kitchen staff prepping for his 11:30 lunch service. Since I always use a backstory in my escapades, Yoshi knew me as Suzanne, a divorcee from Philadelphia that got a large settlement from her inattentive rich husband. I walked into Shinto and Yoshi greeted me with a huge smile and a hug. "Suzanne, it has been a long time. It is so good to see you on the island again. How long has it been? Two years?"
"Oh Yoshi, it has been a while. I have missed you. There is no other place in the world that I can get fish like yours," I said.
"What can I do for you tonight Suzanne?"
"Well, I need a very special to go order. I need sashimi for 7 people to go this evening, along with some flatware and chop sticks and then a couple of bottles of your best sake. I know that is a lot to ask on a busy night on short notice, but I promise I will make it worth your while," I said with a sly smile and a wink. I had once hit on Yoshi on one of my trips, but he had been married for a long time and told me how flattered he was but that he couldn't take me up on my offer. It did spawn a great personal relationship though. From that point on, I would always just sit at the bar and chat Yoshi up when I came in to eat. He was wise beyond his 47 years.
"Suzanne, you know I will make it work for you. What time will you be by to pick it up?" he asked.
"Well Yoshi, there is just one more thing. I need to buy out Suki, that cute little waitress you have for the night. Can she deliver it at 5:00 PM to room 1032 at the Fairmont for me and stay and help me serve my guests? I was thinking perhaps $750 to her for the night and an extra $1,000 to you for making it happen," I asked hoping he would comply.
"Suzanne, anything for you. If I know you, you are up to something interesting that I am sure Suki will remember for a long time. It will be my pleasure."
Suki was about 25 years old and moved to Maui when she was 20 to get out of an impoverished village where she lived in Japan. Her parents were extremely strict, she did not get along with them. When she arrived in Maui, she had nothing but the clothes on her back. She had a friend that had moved a few years earlier that worked for Yoshi, so he gave her a job. She was stunning, so all the old rich men that frequented Yoshi's restaurant always loved the eye candy.
Getting to talk to Suki over the years, I grew to find out that she had a bit of a wild streak in her. She rebelled a bit from her strict upbringing and when she got to Maui, she realized that her exotic looks could really take her a long way. She confided in me that she would often include her phone number on some of the customer checks of the single older men with money that frequented the restaurant. She and I had some deep conversations on many occasions after closing time on some of my previous visits. She understood my promiscuous side and it seemed like she had one of her own. She said, "If you think the tips for servings sushi are good, you should see the tips when I serve these old men some pussy later in their hotel rooms."
At first I was a bit shocked to hear this. She seemed so pure and innocent, but it made perfect sense. She came from nothing and figured out that having a bunch of sugar daddies in a place like Maui where the men were only in town a week or two a year was a great cash cow. If she kept this up, she could probably retire by 40. Yoshi was aware of the situation but felt that as long as she kept a line drawn between the restaurant and personal life, he would let it slide. After all, it was certainly adding to his bottom line.
Yoshi picked up the phone and called Suki and told her he had a special assignment for her tonight and that she would make double her normal pay. She eagerly agreed. He hung up the phone and turned to me, "Suzanne, Suki will be there at 5:00 PM with the food. I have no idea what you are up to, but I can't wait to hear about it later. You know I live vicariously through you two."
I went back to the Fairmont to prepare for the night. I had a nice suite with a dining room with a large dinner table. It was perfect for executing my plan. I called housekeeping and asked them to bring a nice white linen tablecloth for me. I drew a nice hot bath to get myself in the mood. I eased into the tub and naturally my hand fell to my slit. I slowly massed myself already wet with the thoughts of what lie ahead. I lost myself in a nice sensual slow masturbation. I brought myself to a light orgasm. It was just the right appetizer for the night.
When I got out of the tub, I put my hair up in a bun and held it is place with some chop sticks. I did my makeup like a geisha girl, with pronounced eye liner and mascara. I slipped into a beautiful kimono that I bought on one of my trips to Japan. I was ready to execute my plan.
At 5:00 PM, Suki knocked on the door. I greeted her with a huge smile and a hug. "Miss Suzanne, it is so good to see you. I was so glad to hear you were in town. Yoshi told me you had a big night planned and I can't wait to hear all about it," she said with a smile.
"Suki, we are in for a big night tonight. We are having some male guests about six o'clock, so we have to prepare."
"I'm so curious. What exactly is happening?" Suki asked.
"Well, I have six young college studs that I met at the beach today coming over for sushi dinner," I said, laying some groundwork.
"That seems pretty tame for you Suzanne. Tell me there is more to this."
"So, I am the serving platter. The sushi will be served off my naked body, and you will host my guests and get them anything they want to drink," I told Suki, hoping she would be intrigued.
"Suzanne, you are wild. This sounds like so much fun," Suki replied with a smile.
With that I spread the white tablecloth on the table, dropped my kimono to the floor and laid down on my back. "Suzanne, you have such a beautiful body. These college guys are not going to know what to do with themselves."
"Suki, you are going to spread the sushi over my body and then set the tone by putting on some nice sensual Japanese music through the sound system. Then when our guests arrive, I would like you to answer the door in my kimono and welcome them to our little soiree," I instructed.
Suki smiled from ear to ear. "Oh Suzanne, you are incredible. I have so much to learn from you. I love how you explore you wild side. Life is too short not to," Suki said with an affirming tone.
"My sentiments exactly. No let's get to work."
Suki started with the music. Then she touched up her make up, put her hair up in a bun and slipped on my kimono. She came over to me at the table and leaned over me and lightly caressed my cheek with her soft hand.
"Are you ready to start placing the sushi Suki?" I asked anxiously.
Suki leaned over me and gazed into my eyes. "We probably have a few minutes. We don't want to put it out to early."
With that, she leaned in and lightly pressed her lips to mine. She sensually slipped her tongue in my mouth, and we began to kiss. Her hands slid down the sides of my body. Her light touch put me at ease, as I had been getting a bit tense with the anticipation of our guest arrival.
"Suzanne, I have never seen you so tense. Are you nervous?", Suki asked.
"I guess I am. I have done a lot of things exploring my wild side, but never have I had six guys at once," I said beginning to question what the heck I was doing.
"Well, that is certainly understandable. Let Suki relax you then. I am here to help and will be right by your side all night," she said reassuringly.
With that, she slid me to the edge of the table and positioned herself in a chair at the end. She slowly positioned her head between my legs a pressed her tongue to my pussy lips. She slowly licked up and down, then circling my clit at the top.
"Suzanne, you taste amazing," Suki purred.
"Oh Suki, you know how to make a girl feel amazing," I said affirmingly.
She worked my pussy for about five minutes, keeping me in a constant state of wetness. I moaned softly as I shuddered through my second small orgasm of the day. I tapped Suki on the shoulder, signaling for her to come to the other end of the table. She walked over and caressed my hair. "Kiss me Suki. I want to taste what you tasted."
"Oh Suzanne, you are such a nasty little slut," Suki said in a sultry tone.
We kissed for a minute as the taste of my juices mixed with our saliva. Then Suki stood back as her hands fell between her own gash. She rubbed to a minute and worked a couple of fingers inside herself while she tugged on her nipples with her free hand. Then she brought her fingers to my mouth and a sucked them seductively like I was giving a blow job. "Oh Suki, now I see why all those sugar daddies of yours are so addicted to you." It was going to be an incredible night. It was about 5:45 and time to put the finishing touches on the plan.
"It's time Suzanne," Suki said as she grabbed for the sushi. "Time to make you the hottest geisha girl in Maui."
And with that Suki began decorating my naked body with sushi in preparation for making me the most desirable serving platter that these college studs have ever seen. Fifteen minutes and counting until the fun began.