Introduction: This story is pure fantasy, so some aspects are somewhat (some will say very) stretched out as far as plausibility is concerned; I request your indulgence on that matter. I am not a native English speaker, which accounts for some unusual ways of saying things. I hope you will enjoy the story. Please vote and comment constructively.
My thanks to Thegoofyproofyreader for kindly editing the story and providing suggestions and help in bringing the story to its final form.
&&&
Monday 5, 14.10 hours.
The suburban highway stretched before Nick, a dull yet comforting sight after an eight-hour work shift. It was still early afternoon, and the motorway was practically empty, a situation that would change in two hours with the rush out from offices. It was not the usual time for him to travel along this way but the new schedule had him now working, for the next three months, from six to two, and he was thankful for that. The past three months under the previous schedule had been a nightmare; by the time he reached the motorway, it was already five past and he had to drag along with the flow of vehicles moving at a snail's pace, bumper to bumper. He would often reach home around half past six, sometimes even later and by the time he had showered off the weariness and stress of a hard day's work, he felt too tired to go on the prowl.
Seeing the traffic light a few hundred metres in front of him turn to amber, he slowed down, still reflecting on how dull his sex life had been lately. He was a conqueror, always ready to find some new territory on which to plant his flag, deriving as much pleasure from the chase itself as from the sexual release that followed. During his university days, he had been known to bring in at least one new trophy every week, sometimes even more. Not that he considered women as objects; he had a very good rapport with them, strong friendship ties that could develop into trust and caring.
But he always made it clear from the beginning that it was a sex only relationship, with no romantic strings attached, and was ready to stop it there if they wanted more. Most of the girls understood and were satisfied with that arrangement, being out for a good time themselves and not wanting any attachment either. Nick was never satisfied with a one-night stand and every one of them accepted to be with him for at least three nights. "You need at least three nights to really know a girl inside out," he would always say even when they knew right from the start than he had no intention of entering a permanent relationship. This stand didn't exclude friendship with the girls as long as there was no encroachment into romance. And in truth, most of the girls he had been with, remained very amicable afterwards, ready to welcome him whether for a friendly chat, some socialising or anything else where they could be of help; some even complicit to the point of helping him attract some new prey in his web. Without depriving him of his hunting pleasure, of course.
Such was his charm, his sexual magnetism, that he indulged in outrageous behavioural deviations. With some, he would stop meeting them for some time; not just drop them, that was not his way of doing things. But he would talk to the girl and explain that they were done for now. Then, after some time, he would resume the relationship -- sex only, as usual -- without any difficulty. Twice, he had an affair with two girls during the same period, meeting them on different days, both aware that he was seeing someone else and accepting it.
But the last six months had been truly a crossing of the desert, with only a miserable two to add to his collection. He needed time to get to know the girls, what made them tick, what buttons to touch to turn on their naughty side and because he only had two nights per week to do that, it took him much longer to reach that objective with each of the two new conquests.
Oh, his sexual needs had been well taken care of thanks to some good friends from university days, always ready to open their beds and their legs for him for their mutual sexual satisfaction. His two favourites were Gisele and Myriam. Gigi was good at blowing; he could just relax and let her take over pleasuring him before he returned the favour licking and slurping her pussy lips and clit, getting her ready before he fucked her brains out. He would call on Mimi whenever he wanted anal. Mimi had a way of using her anal muscles to pump and pleasure him that he had found in no other woman. He just needed to get her turned on first with a good session of cunni and anilingus. Once her steam was set and under pressure, she would go at it cowgirl and reverse for the most part of an hour before she got on all fours to have him finish her off.
He had two or three others he could turn to for variety if needed. If sex had been all he looked for, he could have lived the rest of his life this way but he needed more than that. What he missed was the spotting, the tracking, the priming and phishing, the prowling, and the final kill. And he had been deprived of that by the force of circumstances.
But that was going to change as from this evening. He could see himself at nine, seated on a bar stool of Sam's Grill & Snacks, looking around and evaluating possibilities before moving on his chosen prey. He never went for those women out there for a one-night stand. He could recognise them from afar and never went their way because he would miss all the pleasure of baiting and pulling in. He chose instead those that looked demure. Most of the time, they were not alone but in a group, either solely girls or mixed.
A brief look at the dashboard clock told him it was 14.10. Ten minutes only to get from the office to the Motorway when lately he had needed the best part of one hour to get there, and by the look of things, he would barely need a quarter of an hour to cover the usual hour-or-so drive to reach home. Plenty of time to rest and get ready for an evening out. He wanted, he needed to get back on track. He had every intention to make up for the six months when he had been out of touch, like some injured player having to watch the game from the sidelines. But that was a thing of the past now. Ladies, get ready! Prowling Nick is back!
As he glanced at the traffic light -- still red --, he heard the thrum of a motorcycle. He glanced in his rear-view mirror and noticed a rider approaching his car from behind. Realising he was alone on a deserted highway, a warning light flashed in his head. He was driving an expensive company car and this tropical paradise unfortunately also had its serpent, in the guise of charming angels of light who would charm innocent passers-by out of their way. He had heard of cases where people would get lured out of their way by various means, one of them being beautiful women, to be robbed or ransomed.
He quickly looked around, noting that there seemed to be no one else lurking around; there were no trees, not even bushes in this dry and rocky spot of the island for anybody to hide. Somewhat reassured, he turned to the side as the biker came to the side of his Citroen and knocked on his window-pane, at the same time removing his helmet. Remaining on his guard, he wound his window pane down, taking in the long black hair surrounding the cute heart-shaped face, the warm smile with a hint of mischief, the black leather jacket and pants. It was a 'she,' not a 'he.'
His wariness melted a little as he took in her feminine charm and for a moment, he wondered whether she was real or a vision born of his not-so-happy thoughts about his lack of hunting activities. Then she spoke.
"Excuse me, sir." Pointing in the direction he was intending to go. "Are you aiming that way?"
Her voice, a low whisper, held a touch of seduction and brought to his famished mind pictures of a decidedly erotic nature. Entranced, the world outside fading away as he entered a fantasy world, he simply nodded.
"I'm sorry," she went on but even her apologetic smile held a good measure of sexiness. "You cannot continue that way. Two kilometres ahead, the road's blocked due to fallen boulders. Authorities have been informed but they are yet to come."
Nick shook his head, trying to shake off the daze he was in.
"Come on, Nick," he chided himself quietly. "Get a grip or she'll take you for a moron."
As if sensing he was lost, she smiled again, this time a dazzling smile that illuminated her whole face and made her still more desirable.
"If you are not familiar with this place, please follow me and I'll show you an alternate route out," she offered.
Follow her in this place he didn't know? The warning lights started blinking again: was she not using her sensual femineity to lure him into some den where perhaps she had a gang waiting to abduct him? He covertly looked around again, taking in the absence of cover for any mischief-maker. As he relaxed, his natural self-confidence in his charm took over; he had intended to go out in the evening to resume his too-long-abandoned hunting game and the gods of lust were sending him this gift on a tray. He would just have to play his cards well.
"Thank you, you're an angel sent from heaven. Your help is most welcome!" He answered, flashing back his most charming smile.
She put her helmet back on, seemingly untouched by his attempt at seduction, then drove a little in front of his car, looking back to see if he was ready to follow before moving slowly away.
Vexed by her absence of reaction, Nick grumbled, "I hope I've not grown too rusty," before engaging the gear lever to follow her.
The biker drove on at a moderate speed, her hair outside her helmet billowing in the wind. She turned right on a secondary road that Nick had always thought led back to town. After a few hundred metres the road turned left onto a wide stretch of tarred road that ran parallel to the motorway lower down. Nick followed her, admiring the slender feminine leather-clad figure riding her vehicle, like some Amazon of modern times, his starved mind once again roaming towards lusty fantasies. Suddenly, she lifted her ass off the saddle and bent forward on her handlebars. Her jacket moved up her back, revealing a pair of fleshy, juicy buttocks.
"My God, that's crazy! Is she naked down there?"
Nick's words had shot forth, resounding in the small car cubicle, so surprised was he by what he had seen. Unable to believe what he was viewing and wondering if he had gone to daydreaming again. He blinked once or twice, even rubbed his eyes to wipe the vision away. But they were still there, two full, round globes, like an open invitation for better acquaintance.
Just then, she turned around briefly to give him a thumbs-up sign.
Nick realised that it was not pants she was wearing, only thigh-high boots. In her seated position when she was speaking to him from the side, her jacket covered her pelvis, giving the impression that she was normally dressed.
The road they were travelling on was deserted. No other vehicle either way. Nick hesitated, the warning light flashing again for a fraction of a second. But the absence of any cover around them dissipated the warning; there was no chance that he could be lured in this bare countryside where you could see kilometres ahead in all directions.
That left him with another question: should he continue to follow and benefit from the titillating view, leaving the initiative to her for further action, or should he try to take control, overtake her, and get her to stop to get better acquainted? He was sure that this way of dressing, if the term could apply in such a situation, was not innocent and that she would soon lead him to something juicier. On the other hand, he wasn't used to being on the end of the hook; he was more often at the reel bringing in the catch.
Before he could decide on a course of action, she started to unzip her jacket, making him catch his breath. What was she up to? As she shrugged the jacket off her shoulders, he realised she was treating him with a special show, a striptease on the highway! And teased he was as he saw her remove first one arm, then the other from the jacket, revealing her whole back to him. But what she was doing was dangerous, disrobing and driving at the same time, and Nick feared some mishap which would put an unexpected end to what was proving up to now a promising adventure.
The mystery girl however seemed to be in perfect control of the situation: the bike did not waver as she finished her act, bringing the jacket to the front of the bike, where she managed somehow to secure it. Now that they rested fully on the bike's seat, the two globes of her ass had parted invitingly. Then she rose again, leaning a little forward, offering to Nick's amazed eyes, a perfect view of her bottom.
Nick was sure her pussy was now visible from under her raised behind, but he was too far away to see it. He had now gone in automatic driving mode, his attention fully engaged on the delectable show she was offering. Fortunately, the road was straight seemingly over a few kilometres and there was still no other vehicle in view.
She turned a little to look behind at him, and her bare torso came into view, the full ripe tits swinging with the movements she was doing. Her belly looked flat from this distance, her skin had a shining bronze hue all over -- she certainly sunbathed in the nude -- her whole body was supple and inviting. Then she turned away to look in front of her, leaning on her handlebars and raising her ass.
Again she sat down, still leaning forward on her handlebars, and the two ass cheeks parted anew as they came in contact with the vinyl seat. Then she rose again before sitting down and Nick realised, as she repeated the movement, that she was mimicking fucking an invisible cock on her saddle.
Nick swallowed hard, his heart racing, as he watched her performing her little show for him. Twice, too engrossed in what was being offered to his eyes, he let his vehicle slide to the wrong side of the road and he had had to swerve back to his side of the road. His cock, fully hard and throbbing to the rhythm of the motorbike, was hurting a little in the confines of his pants, and he had to adjust it to give it some room. They were still the only ones driving on this side road and she looked so appetizing that he longed to get his hands on her juicy fruits.
He remembered his earlier thought that such an attire couldn't be innocent. What did she have in mind? The likelihood of an ambush resurfaced, having him focused on her feminine charms so that he would miss her approaching accomplices but nothing in the surrounding added credence to that possibility. And he reverted to a more positive interpretation of that unusual situation; that girl was playing a seduction game, some variant of 'catch-me-if-you-can' and the question now was, what did she expect from him, now that she had sent the invitation? Was he to make the next move?
Nick felt like he was in a strategic game where every move had an impact on the outcome of the game. He was used to seduction games, had played and been a master at many of them but for once, he felt out of his depths. Uncertain what the best move would be in this game the girl was playing with him, a game of whose rules he was ignorant, unable to contain any more the thoughts swirling in his head, he honked twice in rapid succession to attract her attention, hoping she would get his message that he wanted her to stop and come around, that it was time to up the stakes or reveal their hands.
She looked ahead up the road, raising again her sweet ass as she took a standing position, then she lifted her left hand in a gesture meaning 'wait.' Nick slowed down a little, expecting her to come around to him. Suddenly she accelerated, increasing the distance between their vehicles. Then she moved a little to the right before turning around to face Nick.
Her vehicle came to a halt but she kept the engine running. Nick now for the first time had a full-frontal view of her, in all her naked glory save for the thigh-high leather boots and the helmet. As he drank in the Edenic sight, mechanically switching off his car, she put a foot down on the ground to keep her balance, the other remaining on the other side of the bike. In the process, her legs opened wider, offering an unhindered view of her crotch.
Nick's eyes widened and his jaw dropped as he took in the splendour of this woman. He had met many beauties in the course of his foraging but this one ranked very high in terms of desirability and lustiness. Her long, black hair cascaded down her shoulders like a waterfall of silk, framing her perfectly proportioned face. A true Goddess of the highway!
Nick's heart raced, his breath hitched, and his cock throbbed as he took in the view before him. Her boobs jutted proudly from her torso; her brown nipples stood erect, pointing east and west in the middle of large, lighter brown areolae; her belly was lean and flat. Lower down, her open legs revealed a neatly shaven pussy, save for an arrow of black, velvety hairs above and pointing to her love button. Her pussy was glistening in the sunlight of the afternoon, wet with excitement. He could discern her swollen labia, the pink inner folds peeking from between the outer lips, her clit, hard and sensitive.
Nick sat there mesmerised, heart throbbing, cock pulsating. And she stood there, motionless, a cryptic smile on her lips, the bike engine humming, basking in the afternoon sunlight and his ravenous gaze. Seconds ticked by, then minutes. Face to face they stood, even if at a distance, like two duellists studying each other before engaging into battle.
Finally, like coming out of a trance, Nick moved. His body leaned slightly forward and his hand moved towards the doorknob, his gaze never leaving the spectacle offered to his eyes. It was as if she had been waiting for just this signal, like a warrior awaiting and anticipating his opponent's move to place his winning counter-attack. Before he could even open the door, she pointed to a side road on her left that had completely escaped Nick's attention up to now. Then, with a devilish smile, she put her foot back on the bike, pulled back the throttles, making her machine rear up, like some fabulous animal she was riding. Then she made it spin on its back wheel and took the direction opposite to the road she had just shown, up a narrow cyclist path.
Nick watched as she again reared her bike, her hair billowing sideways to reveal her naked back from shoulders to ass, before she disappeared behind the top of the hill.
Nick remained there, transfixed. He could still hear the sound of the motorcycle fading away in the distance, and as long as the sound could be heard, an image remained on his inner eye, that of a naked goddess, boobs swinging as she rides her monster beast. Then silence settled in.
"... now 'tis buried deep
In the next valley-glades:
Was it a vision, or a waking dream?
Fled is that music: --Do I wake or sleep?"
After what seemed like an eternity, Nick turned on the ignition and took the direction of the side road that the mysterious stranger had indicated to him. He was still trying to come to terms with what had just happened, unable to decide if that stripping motorcyclist had really been there or if he had been daydreaming. But if it was a dream, what did it mean? Why now, why here, in the middle of the day, on a deserted highway?
The road meandered for a little more than a kilometre before linking below with the highway with still little traffic at that time. On entering the highway, Nick cast a glance in his rear-view mirror. Two large boulders sat on the highway, preventing all traffic in both directions. The police was there with squads of the Special Supporting Unit and Emergency Rescue Team.