Things quieted down after the weekend. Classes and part-time jobs kept us busy during the days and most evenings. The times we were all at home together I kept a close eye on Elise to make sure nothing funny was going on with my roommates.
Elise's new favorite thing seemed to be taking selfies and I'd receive them at random times throughout the day. It seemed like whenever she had a free moment she'd slip off to a bathroom, store changing room, or who knows where, take a quick pic and send it to me.
Don't get me wrong, receiving a nude pic from my hot blonde girlfriend was a really nice break from a boring lecture but I worried if she was still sending pics to my roommates, and if she was, what was in them. I had to ask.
I had a good chance to talk to Elise that afternoon after school. When I got home I found her in our bedroom, she was changing into her "lounge around the house" clothes which today consisted of baby blue mini spandex biking shorts and a loose white t-shirt. Camel toe doesn't begin to describe it. She flung her bra across the room with a sigh of relief.
"It's so nice to get that thing off and let the girls breathe," she said.
"Elise," I said, "Can we talk a minute?"
"Of course babe, what's up?"
"You know that I really, really like the pictures you send me." I started.
Elise's face lit up. "I'm so happy you like them, I get really excited knowing they're turning you on," she replied happily running her hand down my chest.
"Do you still send them to Shawn and Matt?" I asked.
"Oh. Sometimes," she said casually. "If they ask nicely. But not the same ones I send you. I know you didn't like it when I accidently sent them a picture of my pussy, so I try to make sure they don't see it very well in the ones I send them. I'm glad you're cool with it, it's really funny reading their replies."
Not exactly the answer I was looking for.
"So..." I was trying to figure out how to say my next thought. "You get excited sending to me, do you get excited sending pics to them too?"
"No, not really. No." she replied after a moment's thought. "I mean it's fun and kinda sexy, but I send the pics to you to get you hot, which in turn gets me really hot. I just send to them to Shawn and Matt for the laughs."
"Don't worry," she added as she gave me a hug, "I only have the hots for you."
That made me feel a little better. I decided not to push it too much for now. The texting and pics were leading to some really great sex and I was hesitant to put a stop to it. We made out for a few minutes before joining the rest of the guys in the living room to relax with some TV.
The evening went how most of them went this week. Jeff, Matt and I watched TV or played video games while Elise endlessly asked Shawn about Europe.
I half listened to the TV and half to Shawn as he made up crazy stories about the beaches in the south of France.
"It sounds so wonderful, doesn't it Kevin?" she asked as she turned to face me.
"Huh?" I said surprised I was suddenly part of the conversation. "Yeah, it does sound pretty cool," I added pretending I knew what they were talking about.
"Too bad there's no beaches like that around here," she pouted slightly.
"I'll do whatever I can to make your wish come true," Shawn said with a smile and wink.
Elise laughed, "Aww, you're so sweet."
I just rolled my eyes.
It was getting late and the TV show was over so Elise and I went off to our bedroom. I didn't even have the door closed before she undressed and jumped onto bed spreading her legs.
"Since I've been doing nice things for you, like sending you sexy pictures, can you do something nice for me?" She pointed at her pussy. "You haven't licked me in almost a week," she teasingly complained.
I quickly shut the door just as Shawn walked by. Damn that was close, I thought, hopefully he didn't see Elise sitting like that. Sometimes I wondered if she wanted to get caught.
I've always loved licking her pussy, and didn't normally need to be asked. It just that she was so aggressive with sex this week that I barely had a chance. I climbed between her smooth legs and began slowly lapping at her bare pussy.
Elise sighed, "Oh Kevin, you're so good with your tongue."
I expertly flicked my tongue over her sensitive clitoris. Months of practice showed me exactly how she liked it.
Elise moaned loudly and held my head in her hands, locking it in place. I could stay down there forever, but after about ten minutes she was ready for something else.
"Okay, that's enough priming," she panted, "I really need a cock, bad."
She flipped over onto her knees and rested her shoulders on the bed, her ass high in the air. Elise moved her hips seductively, "Come and get it," she purred.
I was behind her in almost superhuman speed, my cock ready to enter paradise. I teased her for just a moment, moving the head up and down her moist slit before plunging in.
Elise groaned as I entered her fully. "This isn't going to take long," she gasped.
I pounded her quickly, just the way she likes it. Elise was right, she was going to cum quickly tonight. I could already feel her squeezing her pussy muscles just like she often does before orgasm.
The extra tightness made it hard for me to hold on but I did, releasing my built-up cum deep inside her as she came.
I pulled out and flopped down beside her, sex was done and I was ready to sleep. It was always fascinating to me that Elise often seemed energized after sex, while I was ready to curl up and doze off.
She fidgeted around for a little while, I guess in an effort to get comfortable, but it really only had the effect of keeping me awake.
"Kevin," she whispered, "are you asleep?"
"Hey, babe," I mumbled.
"Don't you think Europe sounds fantastic?" she said excitedly.
"Yeah," I said tiredly.
"Would you be jealous if I was on a nude beach and anyone could see me?" she teasingly asked.
"Probably not," I sighed, wanted to quickly finish the conversation and go to sleep. "Everyone would be naked."
"That's what I think too," she said. "It's so cool we're on the same wavelength."
"Wavelength," I repeated. "Got it."
Elise giggled and playfully poked me, "You're so funny."
Elise gave out a little sigh, "I really wish I could go someday. Maybe after college the right man will ask me to marry him and he'll take me there for a honeymoon." She squeezed my hand.
That certainly got my attention, was Elise actually saying she wanted me to propose to her after college? I loved her but wasn't quite ready for that. My mind was racing, I didn't want to say the wrong thing and I think she expected a response.
"That sounds... really good," I said.
She squeezed my hand again and drifted off to sleep.
--
Another boring day of lectures. If there was anything good to say, it would be that it was Friday and this was my last class of the week. I kept looking at my phone to pass the time, partly to see if class was almost over, partly to see if I missed any texts from Elise. I was disappointed on both accounts.
There was about an hour left in the school day when I heard my phone beep softly.
Looking down, expecting a text from Elise, I was surprised to see that it was from Jeff. I hoped everything was okay with Elise.
Jeff: What time you done today?
Me: another hour
Jeff: ok. Come right home, you're not going to believe this
Me: Elise?
Jeff: no, she's fine.
Jeff sent a picture and as I opened it I laughed and shook my head.
I ended up getting home just a few minutes after Elise. She was dressed in a tiny string bikini and practically bouncing off the walls with excitement.
"Kevin! Kevin!" She shouted as I walked in the door. "You won't believe what Shawn did!"
Elise grabbed my arm and dragged me to the rear patio doors to show me the backyard. I already knew what to expect from Jeff's text but it looked way more impressive in person.
There was a large strip of sand along one side of our backyard, it was at least 20 feet long and extended out from the fence about 10 feet. The large sand patch was decorated with beach umbrellas, lawn chairs and a small plastic kids wading pool. Jeff was already relaxing in a chair sipping on a beer and listening to music on a portable radio.
"Where'd you get all the sand?" I asked Shawn who was admiring his work.
"Got a couple buddies who work in the City Parks Department. They got more sand than they can get rid of and they owed me a favor so here we are," Shawn said proudly.
I laughed and shook my head, "You're crazy."
"Hey I should have thought about this sooner, it's going to be a great icebreaker for chicks. Private beach parties at home whenever we want." Shawn added.
"Come on! Let's go!" Elise bounded by me into the backyard. She grabbed a beach ball and tossed it high in the air. "This is going to be so much fun!" She said as she danced around the little wading pool. "Thanks Shawn!"
Matt squeezed past me carrying a cooler filled with beer and was followed by Shawn who joined Elise and Jeff in the backyard. They were both already wearing their swimming trunks, ready for the beach long before Elise and I arrived home.
I went back to my bedroom to change into my swimming gear and join them. Sometimes I needed to hand it to Shawn, he pulled off a pretty good stunt.
Arriving back at our mini beach I made some space under one of the beach umbrellas, grabbed a beer and lay down to watch my girlfriend playfully bounce around. It was great seeing her so happy, even if I wasn't the cause of it this time.
"One more thing," Shawn said with a smile.
Elise stopped to see what he was up to. Shawn reached behind his chair and grabbed a large duffle bag. He pulled out a small cardboard sign and propped it up against the cooler.
Elise started laughing. I turned to read the sign, scrawled in magic marker were the words "Le Nude Beach" I had to shake my head, Shawn never stops.
"Nude Beach huh?" Elise said.
"Just like in France. That's why I wrote it in French. But just this side," Shawn said as he drew a line down the middle of the mini beach. Shawn, Matt and Elise were on the "nude" side, Jeff and I were on the other. "Other side is for the prudes," he added to laughter from Elise.
"So what makes you thing I'm going to stay on the nude side?" Elise asked.
"Hey, didn't you say you always wanted to visit one? It's private back here, no one can see," Shawn said trying to encourage Elise.
He was right, our location was pretty private. Our house backed onto a small ravine, meaning no one behind us and the tall fences on either side blocked out the view from the next door neighbors. Even with all that, I didn't think Elise would go for such an obvious ploy.
Elise made a big show of pretending to decide if she should strip or not, finally she shrugged. "Why not," she announced and untied her bikini top, "you've seen the girls already."
Here we go again, I thought.
Elise removed her top and tossed it onto a nearby beach towel.
"There's isn't that better?" Shawn asked.
Elise looked around covering her breasts with one arm, making sure the neighbors didn't have a view. "It feels funny being naked outside, but I kinda like it," she said smiling.
"You're not exactly naked," Jeff said with a smile and nod to her bikini bottoms.
"Well neither are you," my girlfriend quickly replied now crossing both arms in front of her boobs. "I'm not going to be the only nude one here."
"Fine," Matt said as he and Shawn stood up. "Come and get them."
Were they really expecting my girlfriend to undress them?
Elise looked at me, then back at Matt and Shawn. She looked back and forth indecisively a couple times, maybe to see if I was going to speak up and say no. I didn't think I needed to say anything, you would think Elise would know a girlfriend probably shouldn't undress other guys, but as was the case many times over the last week I was proven wrong once again.
"Fine," she said defiantly and walked over to Matt.
Elise bent down on one knee and hooked her fingers in Matt's waistband. With one quick tug she lowered Matt's shorts to his ankles.
She gave a little giggle as his cock came into view.
Matt laughed and stepped out of them. "That wasn't so bad was it?"
I took a look over, it's not that I like looking at other guys cocks but sometimes a guy's curious where he stands. Matt's cock looked average enough to me. I mean it's hard to tell sometimes. I'm what you call a "grower." I'm only about 2-3 inches when I'm soft, but erect I'm a little over 6. So I'm not huge by any means but I've never had a complaint from Elise or anyone else.
"Okay, your turn," Elise said as she moved in front of Shawn and knelt down.
Elise yanked down his shorts and was nearly hit on the chin by Shawn's unexpectedly large member as it sprung free.
"Oh, my," Elise gasped quietly but more than loud enough that everyone heard.
It's a bit embarrassing to have your girlfriend gasp over another man's cock, and I tried to pretend I didn't hear her.
I'm guessing Shawn's a "show'er", at least I hope that thing doesn't get bigger when erect. It was probably 7 or 8 inches as it was.
"Now I know why so many girls come through this house," she teased as she finally got to her feet after a couple awkward moments kneeling before him.
"You know it," Shawn laughed. "Now it's your turn."
Elise gave a sexy little smile, she turned her head to see if I was watching her. We locked eyes for a moment and she mouthed the words, "No big deal?"
I shrugged, I didn't think it mattered at this point. Everyone except Jeff had seen every inch of her body already.
She smiled at me, her eyes twinkled, and she slowly lowered her bikini bottoms. They fell off her hips and landed in a little pile at her feet. Elise stepped out of them, hooked her toe around the string and kicked them to me. The guys laughed as I missed catching them and they smacked me in the face.
"Now how do you feel?" Shawn asked looking up and down Elise's nude body.
Elise walked to the middle of the yard and spread her arms wide, soaking up the sun.
"I feel so free," she exclaimed, "it's amazing."
"We have to make sure you don't burn," Shawn said, "let us put some lotion on you."
Elise started making her way towards Shawn and Matt with a skeptical look on her face.
I pretty much had enough at this point. "I think that's enough," I called out.
Elise turned, came over and sat down beside me. "It's okay Hun, we're just playing around. Nothing's going to happen, I'll just let him have a little fun and rub some on my back and that will be it. Please don't get angry and jealous, let's just all have a good time together. It's all part of the French beach experience."
I lay back down and propped myself up on one elbow to keep an eye on them.
Elise went over to a large beach towel and lay down on her stomach. "Be good," she told Shawn and Matt warily.
Shawn took the bottle of lotion and squirted a large amount on her back. Elise squealed as the cold liquid hit her skin and started swatting at the guys, "Warm it first you buggers!"
The guys started rubbing the lotion into Elise's back, she had her face turned to me and her eyes were closed. She seemed to be enjoying the whole thing and had a content look on her face. I wasn't surprised, she always was a big fan of back rubs.
Matt moved to block my view as they reached her lower back. Suddenly Elise's eyes shot open with a little "Oh!" and she quickly flipped over.
I started to get up but Elise mouthed, "it's okay" and motioned me to stay. I sat down and she quietly whispered something to the guys I couldn't make out then lay back down on her stomach.
"Just a muscle cramp honey," she called to me.
Shawn and Matt finished my girlfriend's legs and she turned over.
"I'll do my front," she announced with a slightly annoyed look on her face.
Shawn looked disappointed but went and lay down on a nearby towel to watch Elise rub lotion into her breasts.
"What about us?" Shawn asked, "Return the favor?"
"Yeah sure, why not," Elise smirked
I think Elise was expecting the guys to lie down on their stomachs, but instead they lay on their backs with big smiles on their faces.
Elise sighed then laughed, "I should have known."
Elise started with Matt. Both Matt and Shawn were in really good shape from playing on the college volleyball team. They weren't overly muscular but were tall with lean, athletic builds.
She rubbed the lotion into his chest and slowly made her way down his body. She paused for a moment when she got to his penis, unsure what to do she carefully rubbed around it and down his legs.
"You missed something," Matt smirked
Elise giggled, "Oh, okay." I recognized a mischievous look in her eye.
She squeezed some lotion onto her hands and rubbed them together to warm the liquid up. Elise gently cupped Matt's balls with one hand and quickly applied the lotion while the other hand covered his shaft and finished the job with a couple quick strokes. She was done in two seconds then and gave his balls a slap proclaiming "There, all done!"
"Ow," he exclaimed and doubled over as Elise laughed. I wasn't happy she touched his dick, but the slap put a big smile on my face.
Elise then made her way over to Shawn. He seemed to rather enjoy the naked Elise rubbing lotion on him. He watched closely as her breasts swayed while she worked. Again she paused when she got to his stomach, Shawn's penis was laying across his belly. As big as it was it was going to be much more difficult to avoid than Matt's.
"No slapping," Shawn said seriously.
"Okay, I promise," Elise replied with an evil grin.
She turned and reached again for the bottle, squirting a small amount in her hand and pretended to warm it up. With her back turned to Shawn, Elise carefully slipped an ice cube from a drink and placed it in her palm, making her hands and lotion very cold. She quickly grabbed Shawn's cock and he jumped with a yelp from the unexpected cold sensation. Elise started laughing uncontrollably.
Despite myself I started laughing too. I have to admin, seeing the shock on Shawn's face was priceless. Elise saw me laughing and I guess she thought that everything was okay. She relaxed a little seeing me enjoying myself.
Elise composed herself and rubbed a little more lotion into her palms. "Let me finish," she said. It didn't look like Shawn trusted her.
Elise looked down at Shawn's impressive penis and wrapped her small hands around it. She stroked it a few times as she rubbed the lotion in. Actually I think she stroked a lot more than I thought was necessary and it quickly started growing and hardening. Elise gave a little yelp, "it moved!" she laughed and quickly let go.
Done with her fun, Elise plopped down beside me giggling, "oh my god that was so funny."
"Did you just jerk off Shawn?" I asked.
Elise looked shocked. "What? No! They were teasing me about putting lotion on them so I tried to teach them a lesson. Didn't you see Matt when I slapped his balls and Shawn jump when I poured the cold lotion on him?"
"Well, yeah but..."
"I saw you laughing. It was funny," she insisted.
"Well, kinda but..."
"Look," she said in a low voice, "I'm sorry if it went a little far, and I probably shouldn't touch other men's penises. I just wanted to get back at them for touching my bum hole when they were putting lotion on me."
"You said you had a cramp!" I whispered back.
"I know, I know, I didn't want you to get upset. I wanted to take care of it myself and I did. Don't tell me it wasn't funny. I saw you laughing," she said with a serious look in her eyes.
"Okay, it was funny. But I'm not happy about them touching your butt or you rubbing their dicks," I insisted.
"It's okay, I already told them to not touch my bum again in front of you and they said they wouldn't. Please don't make a scene."
I guess that seemed like a small victory.
"And what about their dicks?" I asked. "I don't want to see you touching them again," I demanded.
"Okay," she said, "I can do that too. Anything else?"
"No, I don't think so," I replied wondering if I covered everything. "I think butts and dicks covers it for now."
"Yay!" she clapped her hands, "so we're good now? No big deal?"
I sighed, "No big deal."
"Good," she smiled and gave me a hug. "Then let's have some fun! Lose those shorts and join me on the naked side!"
I reluctantly dropped my shorts and Elise led me by the hand to the "naked" side.
"Kevin's joining us!" Elise exclaimed.
The guys gave me a high five, "Welcome to the party side!"
The rest of the afternoon was pretty relaxed, except for the times Elise tried to tease us with ice cubes or cold lotion and we would retaliate by shooting her with water pistols.
It's funny how you get used to being naked and sometimes after a while you almost forget you're not wearing anything. Of course there's always the little reminders now and then, my roommates didn't seem to get tired of looking at Elise and I'm sure I caught her checking out Shawn's package a couple times.
The worst time was when Elise and I sat in the kiddy pool. The water was so cold I thought my penis was going to crawl up inside me. I'd never seen so much shrinkage. Maybe it was my imagination, but I couldn't help but notice Elise looking back and forth between Shawn and me. I'm glad my girlfriend knows how big I get erect, because at that moment the comparison was ridiculous.
We were getting hungry so I grilled up some hotdogs and hamburgers, I put on BBQ apron for that because well, safety first. The five of us sat around chatting and joking until darkness started to settle in.
"It's getting dark," Elise said, "maybe it's time to move inside."
"Nonsense," Shawn replied, "one more surprise."
Shawn reached behind a beach umbrella and flipped a switch. A corner of the mini beach was quickly lit up with strands of small white Christmas lights.
"Aww, that's amazing! You thought of everything!" Elise exclaimed.
"Care to dance?" Shawn asked, putting on a slow song and reaching out his hand to Elise.
Elise looked at me to make sure it was okay.
I wasn't crazy about watching Shawn and my girlfriend dance together in the nude, but he did go through a lot of effort to make our backyard cool. I felt like I'd look like a jealous jerk if I said no, so I reluctantly nodded. What's the worst that could happen anyway, they would be right in front of me.
Shawn held Elise close as they swayed to the softly music. She rested her head on his chest and closed her eyes.
"Thank you for a wonderful day," I heard her say.
I couldn't help but notice that Shawn was starting to get erect as they danced. While his dick started the dance hanging down, it was now slowly moving up the inside of her leg and getting dangerously close to rubbing against her pussy. It didn't go unnoticed by my girlfriend either. She whispered something to Shawn and he whispered something back to Elise that made her giggle. They separated slightly and Shawn reached down and repositioned his cock so it was pointing straight up. Moving close together again, his now impressive erection was pressed tightly against Elise's stomach as they swayed back and forth.
The song couldn't end quickly enough for me, but unfortunately Matt jumped in immediately to take Shawn's place. It didn't take long for Elise to giggle that he was having the same problem as Shawn. Matt whispered something to Elise and she laughed but shook her head, motioning in my direction. I was happy that I could trust Elise to take care of herself in these awkward situations.
My friend Jeff never had a dance, he was passed out snoring underneath an umbrella. I was wondering why I even asked him to keep an eye on Elise, he was either never around or sleeping.
Finally I got a turn to dance with my beautiful girlfriend. Wouldn't you know it, but too much sun, and too much beer wore me out. My little guy wouldn't budge. It was embarrassing considering Shawn and Matt just had their hard cocks pressed up against Elise and I was here hanging limp.
"I'm really horny babe," she whispered to me. "Being naked all day, drinking and now dancing has got me really worked up. Can we go inside?"
I quickly agreed, one way or another I'd try to make my little soldier stand at attention for Elise.
We were just about to head in, when Shawn asked for one last dance. I hesitated and was about to tell Shawn no but Elise jumped into the pause in the conversation.
"Okay, just one more," she said to Shawn.
Elise turned back to me, "Go and get ready for us. I'll be quick, I promise."
I headed inside and hopped on the bed. Damn, my head was swimming from too much beer. I think I must have drifted off when I was woken up by Elise peeking her head in the door. According to the clock about half an hour passed.
"Oh, good, you're still awake." she smiled at me. "I'm taking a quick shower and be right there."
A few minutes later she crawled into bed with me. I love the smell of Elise when she's fresh out of the shower, her soap has a really nice fresh peach scent.
"Thank you for waiting," she smiled as she hovered over my cock.
She started licking, and sucking, and stroking, but no matter what she did, I just couldn't get hard.
Elise looked a little disappointed and asked, "too much to drink?"
"Yeah, I guess," I sadly admitted.
"Can you take care of me anyways?"
"Of course," I replied.
Elise eagerly climbed up the bed, "I know you're really tired, let me do the work."
I quickly found Elise straddling my face and lowering her wet pussy to my mouth.
"Just lick it a little for me, baby," she cooed.
I licked for all I was worth as Elise rotated her hips.
"Oh, that's perfect," she sighed.
Elise rested one hand on the headboard for support and gripped the back of my head tightly with the other as she rubbed herself on me.
I had trouble breathing a couple times as Elise started grinding forcefully, but wasn't about to ask her to stop. I could tell she was getting close.
She gave out a little squeal followed by a sigh as her orgasm passed.
Elise climbed off me and lay down resting her head on my chest. "Thank you baby, that was soooo good," she sighed.
"What took you so long?" I asked.
"Sorry, I don't cum as fast from your tongue," she answered.
"No, not that. So long to come to bed," I tried again being more specific.
"Oh. It was nothing," she replied unconvincingly.
"Really?"
"Promise you won't be mad," she replied.
I felt a sudden knot in my stomach, "Shit, don't tell me you-"
Elise quickly interrupted, "No. No. It's not what you think."
"Then why would I be mad?" I countered.
"Well, sometimes you overreact. Anyway don't worry, I was good. I didn't do anything we agreed on, there was no touching of bums or penises," she replied.
She did have a point, sometimes I do overreact.
"Not at all?" I asked suspiciously just to make sure.
"Well, they had their hands on my butt while we danced, and it's hard to not feel a penis that's pressed up against you when you're dancing. But that's it," she insisted.
"Okay, fine. I won't overreact. So what happened?" I asked.
"Well," she started slowly watching me carefully to see if I was going to get upset. "Shawn and I danced."
"I figured as much," I said.
"Matt wanted a dance too," she added.
"Okay, not surprised,"
"So that took a little time," Elise explained.
"Not half an hour, that's like ten minutes tops."
"Well, you know how I was being a bit of a brat today. How I hid the bottle of suntan lotion in the cooler then squirted it on the guys?" Elise asked.
I laughed a little, "Yeah, it was funny seeing them jump." Elise managed to trick them a couple times, with the bottle, with ice cubes, you name it. She was relentless.
"Well," she said nervously, "they said I was kinda mean today and that it wasn't very nice that I hit Matt in the balls, put ice on Shawn's cock and used cold lotion, so I should make it up to them. I did feel a little bad about it since they went to so much work for the beach party. I apologized and asked what I could do. They had a couple ideas but I said it couldn't involve touching because you said no."
I didn't think I wanted to know what those ideas were, but I was glad she said no. I nodded for her to continue, happy that she trusted me enough to tell me what happened.
Elise took a deep breath and continued, "So anyway, Shawn and Matt came up with this idea that it would be really fun if I let them squirt on me then watch me rub it in. I was hesitant at first, but they said it would make Matt feel better and it didn't involve touching so I finally gave in. It really wasn't that bad and after they finished we agreed that we were all even."
I assumed she meant the bottle of lotion from the cooler, what else could she possibly mean? I didn't particularly like my roommates ganging up on my girlfriend to give them a sexy show but it didn't really seem that bad considering everything else that has gone on.
"Where?" I asked.
"Oh, they just had me kneel on the sand by the little dancing area," she said a little surprised that I didn't seem very upset.
"No," I laughed. We always had a funny way of misunderstanding each other. "Where did they squirt?"
"Oh," Elise giggled, "that's what you meant. Matt hit my boobs mostly, but Shawn had really bad aim and got a bunch on my face and hair. I think he may have done it on purpose."
Of course he did I thought.
"No touching right?" I didn't want to hear about Matt and Shawn touching her tits or ass again.
"Nope," Elise insisted proudly. "I did just as you said. I didn't touch them, and I didn't let them touch me."
I gave a little sigh, "Okay, well I guess that makes sense why it took so long and why you wanted to take a shower."
"Yeah, I was really sticky and didn't want to come to bed like that. You wouldn't believe how much Shawn squirted, it just kept coming out." Elise complained. "So you're not too mad? I thought you might be mad."
For some reason Shawn needs to make everything sexual, but if the worst that happened was that they sprayed Elise with lotion and watched her rub it in I could live with that. "Look, to be honest I'm not crazy about them having you put on a little private show for them," I said, "but they had their fun and it's over. Nothing to get too worked up about."
Elise smiled and kissed me, "Wow! You're the best! Thank you for being so understanding. It really was just in fun, it didn't mean anything. I'm really really sorry if we got a little carried away."
"No big deal," I said and rolled over to go to sleep.