This is bullshit, I thought angrily, surveying the clusterfuck for the umpteenth time. It was only my second week of living in the smog factory I now called home and I hadn't quite gotten the hang of this whole traffic thing yet, being from the suburbs and all. Now I was going to be late for work for the second time in two weeks. I was going to get fired. I knew it.
Hearing my mom's voice telling me to always focus on the positive, I reminded myself that at least I had a very comfortable, very private car in which to wait in traffic. As a present to myself for landing what would, in only a few years' time, become a six figure salary, I bought myself a stupidly expensive luxury car. It went faster than I ever cared to go, but mostly I enjoyed the fact that the windows and back windshield were tinted so dark no one could even see my profile from outside. Only the windshield was untinted and with my huge Hollywood sunglasses on I felt invisible and invincible. I slipped the shades down over my eyes just then and sunk back into the huge leather seat, wondering what I could do to occupy my time in the gridlock. That's when I noticed the billboard.
Two naked male models, shown from the incredibly chiseled hips up, were stretched out in absurd poses over a bottle of cologne. It was ridiculous but I'll be honest, I hadn't been laid in over a month. And the models were stupidly sexy. If I focused on their bodies only I could pretend it was me they were falling over and grabbing at instead of some stupid purple bottle.
I felt my panties growing moist. Figuring there was nothing better to do, I quickly checked the cars around me, making sure no one could see. The only one with a view through the windshield was the guy directly in front of me and I could tell he was yelling into a cell phone. Feeling brave, I unbuttoned my pants and slid them to my knees, sliding my hands between my thighs.
My pussy was soaked. Touching the sopping cotton wouldn't do so I slid those to my knees as well and enjoyed the feeling of the soft leather on my bare ass for a moment, then I put my head back against the seat and slid two fingers into myself.
Immediately I moaned. I'm not one to masturbate under normal circumstances, so if I don't have a boyfriend usually nothing goes inside me. It felt so nice to be filled up that I slid a third finger in, moaning once again at the way my pussy stretched.
I realized my eyes were closed and I opened them, returning my gaze the the billboard while I fucked myself with my hand. I had never been with two men at once but it was a huge fantasy of mine and I allowed myself to get lost in it now, imagining the men on the billboard running their hands all over my bare body, massaging my tits and teasing my pussy. Eventually I'd get so turned on I'd beg them to fuck me and they wouldn't be able to resist. They'd take turns pounding me while I jerked the other one off, or maybe I'd ask them to try and enter me at the same time if I thought I could handle it. I wouldn't let them cum in me, of course, but maybe I'd want them to do it on my chest, all over my tits.
I was writhing with pleasure now, all thoughts of the traffic jam or work forgotten. My pussy was pulsing and I could feel an orgasm coming on any second. I realized my eyes were closed again and snapped them open. I was facing front again instead of looking at the billboard. It took me a moment to realize what I was seeing. Then, suddenly, I almost passed out.
I realized I was locked eyes with the guy in the car in front of me, in his side view mirror. He must have finished his phone call and noticed me moaning and writhing behind him. My free hand had traveled up my shirt to my breasts and my shirt itself had traveled halfway up my torso. I couldn't believe someone had just witnessed me masturbate, and that I had no idea how long he'd been watching.
I was frozen. Meanwhile for his part, he was grinning without a trace of sheepishness, clearly enjoying the show and not caring if I knew it. I knew I needed to pull my shirt down and pull my fingers out of myself and pretend none of this had happened. But I couldn't. I found my pussy growing wetter at the lecherous gaze of this older man, and when I continued sitting frozen, he began to look confused. I realized I didn't want him to look away and knew then that I was enjoying his attention. That probably made me disgusting but clearly I was past caring now.
Having made my decision, I went all out and slipped the shades off, revealing my face to him, and began resuming my finger fucking. I moaned and writhed, maybe exaggerating a bit, but he couldn't hear me after all. He seemed to be getting very turned on regardless, as was I. I'd never had an audience before but I definitely liked it.
Knowing he could see my chest over the steering wheel, I slipped my shirt up over my breasts, glad that I had picked a sexy, lacy bra that morning. His eyes popped for a second, then they squinted and his face started to go slack and I realized what he was doing. I should have been revolted but I couldn't help feeling flattered and turned on and I increased the speed of my fingers pounding my little pussy. A small moan escaped my lips and I allowed my eyes to roll back in my head for a moment, knowing he'd like that move. When I opened my eyes again I found that I was right and he had his head back and his eyes closed in pleasure. He opened them after a few seconds and met my gaze again but he seemed to be struggling to keep them open. I loved that I was turning him on so much.
Wanting to push him over the edge, I pulled my shirt over my head, then unhooked my bra and let it fall off my shoulders. My large breasts were completely exposed, my nipples immediately growing hard in the air conditioning of the car and I could see his eyes roaming them hungrily. I pulled myself up straighter in the seat, just wanting to give him a better view but the movement caused my breasts to bounce and I saw his lips part as though a moan was escaping them. I bit back a smile and continued bouncing lightly, my tits gaining momentum and beginning to swing wildly. He licked his lips obscenely and were I not so horny it would have been creepy. But I was close to orgasm myself and the obscenity only made it sexier.
Finally, after wanting to delay the orgasm for as long as possible, I began rubbing my clit with my thumb, my body rocking lightly in the seat in rhythm with my thumb. The sensation combined with the man's rapt attention brought me there quickly and I tried to keep my eyes open as the first wave coursed through me and my back twisted and arched. I knew I was moaning but couldn't hear myself, couldn't hear anything but rushing in my ears. I thrust my chest out, my breasts displayed prominently on top of the steering wheel and I half hoped that there were other people looking as well, that people in the cars all around could see what a slut I was. My fingers continued penetrated my pussy as wave after wave of intense pleasure crashed over me. As it began to subside, my free hand began massaging my tits again, my contorted body finally returning to the seat.
With disappointment I realized my eyes had closed again but I opened them just in time to his his snap shut and his jaw fall slack. A second later he slumped in his seat, then opened his eyes and smiled at me again, this time contentedly. Thank you, he mouthed into the mirror.
I just smiled back, glad that I had brought him pleasure and grateful for his audience. Feeling sexy, and also because my panties were absolutely soaked, I decided to go pantiless to work today and pulled them off. Just then traffic finally started back up again.
I thought about that man the whole ride to work, wondering who he was and why he had thanked me. I was so lost in thought that only when I arrived at work did I realize I was only five minutes late, hardly even a noticeable offense. I walked into work smiling, feeling like I had a dirty little secret all day long.