Philippa walked into the large high street clothes shop and glanced around to orient herself. There were racks of clothes crammed fairly tightly around the large store. Interspersed around the clothes displays were mirrored walls covering the structural pillars, giving the illusion of more space. The shop was very well stocked and had a simple layout, with the expensive formal wear running down the left hand of the shop, and the branded casual wear down the right. The men's clothes were further back than the woman's. The main shop counter was near the rear of the store nestled up against one of the pillars. Behind the shop counter were the bargain bins, specials racks, accessories racks and the changing rooms.
There weren't that many people in the shop because it was only mid-afternoon. Philippa walked through the middle of the store eyeing both formal and casual wear, deciding what sort of ensemble she was going to buy. The heat of summer was lingering into the start of spring, so the new season spring clothes looked a little less enticing compared to the cooler summer clothes, which were sparingly spread through the shop and mainly placed towards the rear. Philippa walked towards the bargain bins, not because she was thrifty, but because she wanted some more of the summer clothes for the persistent heat.
There was a special attraction to clothes and fashion that really absorbed Philippa, she was indeed a very sharp dresser with an eye for coordination. She started to peruse through the selection of clothes in a bargain bin, pulling out the odd garment and holding it up before placing it back in. As she dug deeper into the bin she leaned further forward, which brought her blouse, absent a few too many buttons, away from her chest. Philippa could feel the cool air conditioned air against her bare breasts that were dangerously close to being exposed to anyone who walked past. She looked around to check the voyeur situation and was surprised to see a male shop assistant. She knew that he had a nice view of her cleavage and was close to seeing her nipples if she leaned any further forward or he came any closer and used his height to his advantage. Philippa froze as she felt a familiar tingle between her legs. The shop assistant made eye contact with a quick flick to her breasts. He was cute, maybe a few years younger than Philippa, but he was obviously employed for his tanned good looks. His smile brought a shine of white teeth and deep dimples, it also brought a moistness to her drying pussy. She returned the smile as her mind raced for a way to flaunt her sexuality which had been rampant all day. Philippa's mind was dwelling on the events of the day and had the realisation that her sexuality was a weapon that could obtain almost any man. All she had to do was show something and the man was powerless to resist.
Philippa coyly looked down to the bin and leaned a fraction deeper to reach a short leather skirt. Her blouse came away a fraction closer to revealing her very erect nipples. It was in fact the erectness of her nipples that caught the fabric which prevented the shop assistant from getting the view he desired. He approached confidently to the opposite side of the bargain bin. Looking down at the skirt, Philippa could just see her right nipple peeking out from her blouse. She looked up as he spoke.
'Hi there, can I be of any assistance?' he said with a warm friendly tone.
She straightened slightly, denying him the view he only briefly experienced, but drawing out the tease with ample cleavage.
'Actually yes,' she smiled, 'do you have this in a size 8?' She bit her lip in anticipation, resulting in a demure sexy look. She liked the skirt and was hopeful.
'Sorry, the bins have the last of the stock.' He was regretful.
Philippa looked around the store, which further removed her chest from his view, and put the skirt back into the bin. He looked a little crestfallen at the loss.
'I'll continue looking, but I'll be sure to call out if I need you for anything.' She smiled as his eyes flicked ever so minutely back to her breasts. She felt as though she had let herself down considering her daring throughout the day. She had definitely let him down.
'Actually,' she said as if thinking aloud, 'maybe there could be another one in here.'
'You might be lucky, the stock is spread out among all of the bins too.' He had half turned away, but turned back to the bin, 'Here, let me help you.'
'Oh, you don't have to do that, you must be so busy.' She motioned to the near empty store. There were almost more shop assistants than there were customers, and none of them were near the back of the store.
'It's been a quiet day, it would be a blessing to have something to do.' He smiled and leaned into the bin to start searching.
Philippa smirked at the audacity of this young man. She was intent though at drawing out the tease and leaned only far enough to give him only the briefest of peeks at her chest. Each microsecond of exposed nipple brought a flood of juices and a drum like beat to her throbbing pussy. Each glimpse was not missed by this sly man either, his eyes never really interested in his search for her skirt. Both maintained the guise of normality and innocence though, Philippa just an innocent shopper with a lack of awareness of her wardrobe malfunction, and he was just a helpful shop assistant.
Somehow, despite himself, he fished out the skirt she was looking for in her size. 'Look, a size 8.' He seemed almost deflated at his success.
'Wow, my hero. Thank you so much.' She gave him a sexy look of thanks which brought back the smile. She took the skirt from him and tucked it under her arm.
'Let me know if you need anything else.' He said a little too eagerly, before he flinched a fraction at his broken charade.
Before Philippa could respond, her phone rang from deep within her handbag. She juggled her handbag and the skirt as she tried to fish the phone from her messy handbag. 'Thank you, but if you'll excuse me.' She turned away from the shop assistant and again tried unsuccessfully to get her phone. She then leaned over and placed the handbag on the floor and stirred through her handbag. Immediately, she knew her skirt had ridden up the back of her thighs and left her bare, shaved pussy exposed. With only seconds since she turned away from him, she knew his eyes would be feasting on her very wet slit, and watching it now getting wetter. Butterflies erupted in her chest at the familiar sensation of eyes drinking down her exposed body. Philippa's body erupted into a sensual heat of excitement.
The phone vibrated wildly in her hand, with her lust enhanced senses it tingled all the way from her hand up to her arm, shoulder, chest and nipples. She didn't want to answer the phone and remove the decidedly pleasurable sensation. She turned to look back at the shop assistant.
'Found it!' she breathed heavily. He was treated to a view of her pantyless pussy and a fully exposed breast from her twisted torso. His face shone with delight. She straightened up, slightly flustered with the race of sexual thrill and the need to answer the phone. She walked a few steps away as she answered the call.
'Hello.'
'Phily! How the hell are you?' It was her very good friend Josie. They went to college together and were roommates for two years. She was the ultimate party girl who loved to get wild to escape her conservative professional life. Normally she would really push Philippa's limits, but after the day that she had, she knew Josie would blush if she knew. Yet, she knew that if anyone could appreciate her actions and offer her a night out to continue her fun, it would be Josie.
'I am damn fine.' She smiled broadly, the shop assistant now completely forgotten. Philippa strolled idly through the store.
'Have you got a busy day tomorrow?' Josie seemed to be brimming with excitement.
'Nope, not even work. I have a holiday all week.' She boasted, knowing that was the perfect news for whatever Josie was angling for.
'Oh my god! That is exactly what I wanted to hear! I'm at work and finishing up a big job, i'll be done in a couple of hours and then we're going out to raise hell.' That was a statement which was designed to force Philippa to say yes. Usually Philippa would have to question whether a night out with wild Josie would be a wise idea.
'Hell yeah, I hope you can keep up you sexy bitch!' The speed and enthusiasm took Josie back a little, normally there was a little to and fro of persuasion. Not today, and that tweaked Josie's attention.
'I...I did not expect that to be so easy!' Josie stated in happy surprise. 'You seem in a good mood?' she probed.
'I have had a day to remember, and I'm keen to make it unforgettable. I have a story to tell you that will make you blush!'
'That sounds like you need a partner in crime then,' her wicked grin evident from her tone of voice, 'but I doubt I'll blush, you know my past.' Josie sounded confident in her own ability to out shock Philippa. That would have been a fairly accurate assessment considering what they knew of each other as of that morning. Yet much had happened to Philippa since this morning, and she knew she had a story that would make Josie a deep shade of red.
"Oh, you wait, I finally have something to shock you.'
'You have intrigued me little miss Philly. Let's catch up when i finish up here. Shall we have a quick workout and sauna before we go out?'
'That sounds great, I'll see you at the gym in an hour?'
'Yep, talk soon, ciao.' 'Bye.' They both hung up.
Philippa put the phone back into her handbag. She looked around the store now on the lookout for some gym clothes and some clothes to go out on the town in. The shop assistant was lingering nearby, attentive in case Philippa needed anything, or felt the urge to expose herself. Looking down at her brown leather skirt, she quickly decided what sort of top she needed to go with it. She walked over to the formal wear near the front of the shop. Along the way she smiled at the other male shop assistant who smiled warmly back. His eyes followed her, as any male would when a stunning brunette walked past, but didn't linger impolitely as she didn't have anything on show.
It took Philippa a little while to find the top she was looking for, a cobalt blue drop neck top. She was holding it up against her to decide if it was what she wanted, when she was abruptly bumped from behind. She turned to look at the cause of such an impoliteness, and was met with a sour looking woman walking past.
'Excuse me.' The sour woman spoke with an equal measure of surliness that matched her outward demeanour. She had already pushed past and with her boyfriend in tow walked up to a rack of clothes and thrust a garment into her man's hand. 'Hold this.' She treated her boyfriend like a slave that did her personal bidding as she roved the store. Philippa could never understand why some men tolerated such bitchiness, and he was fairly cute too. She supposed that some men just liked a woman that took charge. She made brief eye contact with the boyfriend at one stage and smiled, as if to console him about his bitch girlfriend. He smiled meekly back, almost apologetically.
As Philippa progressed around the store towards the exercise gear, she realised that she had been watching the couple as they thundered around the store. So too, did the sour woman. Her face puckered up like pig with a lemon. She shot daggers in Philippa's direction and withering looks at her man. He responded as best he could by looking at his feet to avoid a confrontation that obviously only miss sourpuss could win. Philippa mused that women like that just gave the rest a bad name. She continued to browse through the exercise gear, and pulled a sports singlet with a shelf bra and some short loose legged shorts, both in black. Now complete with her shopping decisions, Philippa went towards the back of the store to the changing rooms. As she passed the accessories she spied a delightful pair of knee high boots, a lighter shade of brown that would really compliment her skirt and top. She also plucked a new pair of patterned thigh high stockings from the shelves.
The changing rooms had a bank of five booths with curtains that pulled over as cover. There was a full wall height mirror at the end of the booths opposite the entranceway. Philippa had her pick as they were all empty and entered the middle one, placed the boots down on the bench. There was also a mirror in the booth on one of the shared walls with the neighbouring booth, with some hooks on the opposite shared wall. Philippa then placed the clothes on the hooks. She then proceeded to undress, which wasn't very hard considering she wasn't wearing any underwear, and then removed her thigh high stockings. She stood naked before the mirror and saw the small tell-tale signs of her mischief. Her pussy was very wet, it glistened in the harsh store light, and there was a small amount of dried semen that had worked its way into her belly button. Her efforts to clean up after her acts of wanton sex had been largely successful, or had been brushed off by her tight fitting clothes. Her hand drifted down to brush against her breast, rubbing her palm in small circles over her erect nipple. The journey completed as her hand continued down to her pussy and a finger slid down over her mound, pressing firmly against the nerve above her clitoris. She slid it up and down the nerve a few times, bringing alternating sensations of light flutters in her chest and electric shocks through her pussy. When her finger finally drifted over her clitoris her pussy exploded and left her body shuddering, her knees threatening to buckle. Her sudden orgasm was intense and throbbed in slow but intense waves. Philippa slumped down on to the bench and eased out of her orgasm by sliding two fingers into her pussy. It was still so wet, she wondered if there was still cum inside her, it certainly felt like it. She brought her fingers up to her mouth and tasted the familiar taste of her sex and cum. Yes, she was still swimming in the cum of her multiple lovers, a thought that delivered a rush of horniness that immediately returned her mind and loins to sexual predator mode.
Sighing, Philippa stood and grabbed her blouse that she had worn during the day. She examined it and saw that it was very much encrusted with dried cum on the inside, but was alright externally. Some very minor marks were ever so slightly visible, passable as old stubborn stains that had seen numerous wash cycles for very near success. Her skirt was in a similar state, but the stains on the inside were very pronounced, yet externally it was better. Her thigh high stockings looked the worse for wear, with very large pronounced whitish stains from absorbing all of the cum that had leaked out of her pussy. The stains had actually stretched down a few inches to where the skirts hemline was. Philippa would throw all of them out when she got to the gym, they would just have to suffice for the short walk there. She used the cleanest part of the inside blouse to quickly tidy up the small remaining signs of her activities so that she could try on her new clothes without marring their newness.
The skirt wiggled on snugly around her waist and came to a rest several inches above her knees. It was tight and she tested that it could fulfil another function by bending over for the mirror. Her glance behind confirmed a subtle peak of her pussy, enough to be seen if someone was already looking and was seated while she was standing. Philippa stood, and then adjusted her skirt by rolling the waist band over once, thus bringing the length up her leg by a further inch. Repeating her bending over manoeuvre she was greeted by a much more ribald sight that would actually draw someone's attention if they were sitting, and deliver the subtle view if they were standing. A further roll of the waistband would make bending over impossible around any polite company. She smiled at the thought, but left it rolled over once. Next came the drop neck top. It fitted tightly across her taut stomach, but the drop neck hung loosely away, exposing her slender neck, her upper chest and cleavage. This was certainly a sexy combination, but knowing that flashing was an almost certainty, she tested her new addition by bending over toward the mirror. The top fell away easily, and by the time her torso was at a 45 degree angle, someone who was sitting across from her would have a very good view between her breasts and very nearly see her nipples. If she twisted in either direction one of her nipples came out for a peek. If she continued to bend over to 60 degrees, the top came away and exposed one of her breasts, visible to someone standing in front or slightly to the side of her. It was random which breast came in to view, nipple and all, and thus random which side the person could view from. She noticed that if she twisted her torso at this angle, one boob would completely pop out of her top, and then not return when she straightened her body. If she completely bent over, to 90 degrees, her breasts hung freely and visibly, both breasts clear for anyone standing in front of her and slightly to either side. From sexy to slut in no time at all. She was ready for her night out and she stood and admired her outfit.
Philippa's peaceful admiration was broken when she heard a familiar barking from sour pig lady. She had come to the changing rooms to try on her selection of clothes and was berating her man as she entered. Philippa stole a quick peek through the curtain at the couple. The woman was taking a pile of clothes from her weighed down boyfriend into the changing room booth beside her own. Philippa closed the curtain.
'You need to dress smarter, those polo shirts would actually make you handsome.' She oozed negatively. They wouldn't, Philippa thought, they would make him look geeky and like every other cookie cutter prep boy. His band t-shirt he wore already gave him a hip, rough look that confirmed her first impression of cute.
'And those Dockers would really make you look smart...better than your dirty jeans. You look like a hobo.' Her voice grated on as Philippa heard the curtain shut behind her. She actually shivered as she could feel the life being sucked out him. What a bitch.
Philippa pulled on her new boots and zipped them up. She walked out of the changing room to get a look at her outfit in the full wall height mirror and almost straight into the boyfriend. He stepped back politely and smiled, his eyes drifted across her from head to toe in a single motion as his eyes shyly returned to look at the ground and then away. She walked around him and stood in front of the wall mirror. In the reflection, Philippa could see him looking back in her direction while his sour girlfriend continued criticising his style through the curtain. Philippa made sure not to make eye contact through the mirror, as she didn't want to scare off this coy cutie.
Running her hands over her outfit, Philippa made a show of straightening her clothes and making them fit in their best possible way. In reality, she was making her body move in an enticing way; Her butt wiggled slightly, her breasts bounced a little, with both being thrust out in an attention grabbing charade. His eyes were glued to her body. She committed to her new found brashness as she bent over to 'check' her boot buckle adornment. This brought her tight leather skirt up the backs of her thighs, exposing a small amount of her bare pussy. Her torso was bent to 60 degrees which saw a single breast come into view in the mirror. Her pussy was her molten core, it was driving her very being, fuelled by raw exhibitionist desire. Philippa adjusted the buckle for a good length of time allowing the boyfriend a long leisurely look at her sex. She could see a swell start to grow in his pants, which he adjusted self-consciously. Philippa straightened up, thus removing her private areas from his wandering eye. She then walked right past him again as she returned to her booth. She brought the curtain back over for privacy, but failed to shut it all the way, leaving about six inches and a decent view into her booth.
Keeping her back to the boyfriend so that he would think she hadn't noticed her error, Philippa slowly removed her top. She turned to hang it up on the hooks, bringing her naked torso to nearly face him and provide an unrestricted view. Philippa never made eye contact, relying on her peripheral vision to confirm his undivided attention. She then turned back away from him as she slid out of her skirt. The slow strip tease and exposure of her nakedness had her body engulfed in a thrilling sense of naughtiness. She was blushing, not from embarrassment, but from her sexual excitement engorging her...everywhere. Her cunt was dripping unabashedly with her mental stimulation and exposure. Turning again, Philippa hung the skirt on the hooks and treated the boyfriend to a full frontal view of her slim body. Goosebumps took a hold over her, bringing her areola out and thrusting her erect nipples prominently forward. She then brought her booted foot up onto the bench and unzipped it and removed it. Then repeated with her foot closest to him. This action of bringing her leg up really exposed her pussy, allowing it to be stretched open for his open mouthed viewing.
Philippa then turned away as again the silence was shattered by some inane negativity flowing out of the booth beside her. More suggestions about superficial improvement were directed at the poor boyfriend, not that he was listening when he was having a good dose of 'Philippa therapy'. It was odd, how Philippa actually thought of her actions as a way of restoring this man's faith in women by leaving him with something to remember in the face of such a sour partner. The fact that her pussy was becoming slippery as all hell, and the thought of him masturbating or having sex and thinking of her, was intoxicating.
Without thinking, her hand went down to her pussy to massage and soothe the ache between her legs. Still with her back to the boyfriend, Philippa took a step backwards until she felt the curtain brush up against her butt. She then bent forward and put her free hand against the bench. Keeping her hand rubbing against, and then fingering her pussy, she spread her legs. The boyfriend, standing just outside his girlfriend's booth, was less than an arm's reach away, and her body yearned for his touch. Philippa looked back over her shoulder to look straight at him. With his hand rubbing his crotch, he looked back at her with sex crazed eyes. He reached out and slid his middle finger up the length of her wet pussy, encouraging even more of her juices and man cum to escape. She bit down on her lip to avoid a loud moan from escaping, driving him even more wild with lust with her blushing sexiness. He slid his fingers effortlessly inside her, they felt like a hot poker stirring the fires within towards an inferno. She pushed back on his hand wanting more to penetrate her.
Suddenly the curtain from his girlfriend's booth slid open. In desperation to avoid being caught he closed the short gap between his body and the dividing wall between the two booths and leaned casually against the end of the wall. His body faced his girlfriend and left his hand on Philippa's side of the wall, still buried in her pussy.
'What do you think of this?' She asked without any belief in his answer.
'Good.' It was all he could get out as his fingers slid out of Philippa's pussy and rubbed her clitoris. Her legs felt like failing her again.
'What the fuck do you know? You look like crap and wouldn't recognise real style if it bit you on the ass.' Bitch. Philippa would have dried up with hatred if it wasn't for his fingers doing a superb number on her button. She was going to show him what he was missing out on. She pulled away from his hand and turned around and squatted down. She took his fingers into her mouth and slid her tongue around his wet tips.
'Uh huh.' He agreed with her. He wasn't listening to her at all, he just hoped that she didn't notice his erection that he had slipped up into his waistband in an effort to hide it. Philippa's mouth was driving him insane, and his heart was racing.
'I don't know what I see in you.' The venom in her voice was disgusting. Philippa's therapy continued as she stood slowly, allowing his fingers to drag along her bare breasts. He pinched her nipple, and then felt her firm abdomen with his hot palm. She finished standing, leaving him cupping her pussy with his whole hand, encasing it in warm strength. She gushed over his hand as she stood leaning against the same wall he was, with the girlfriend standing mere inches away on the other side. Punishment was sweet.
'Maybe I'll go try on some polo shirts or Dockers.' He said with a thick voice.
'About fucking time you listened to me.' She squealed in a pig like fashion as she slid the curtain back shut.
The amount of clothes she had taken from her boyfriend when they arrived in the changing rooms would see her busy for some time, squeezing herself into overly tight clothes like sausage casings. Philippa pulled the boyfriend into the changing room with her and pulled the curtain shut silently. He stood there dumbfounded and unsure of what to do. A sudden realisation of his situation and the fear of having his girlfriend possibly catch him left him frozen senseless. His eyes looked down her naked body when he realised that he was still cupping her pussy, its warmth radiating up his arm in time to his hot heartbeat. His erection throbbed massively and noticeably. Philippa reached out and unzipped his pants, freeing his cock. His cock bobbed free from its denim cage and yet still remained pointing to the ceiling. It was a good length, and fat with a thick vein running down towards his balls. With his pants loosened they fell to the floor exposing his balls, which were massive and swollen with the cum she was going to enjoy. Philippa was overtaken by her lust filled monster as she sunk to her knees and took him into her mouth.
Using her left hand, Philippa controlled his shaft with rapid pumping motions, lubricated with her saliva. Her right hand fondled his massive balls, and then trailed her fingernails to tickle the area between them and his asshole. His cock was very strong, fighting to return to face the ceiling with powerful twitches. He was close, his breathing was ragged and he fought to keep from making any noise that would alert his girlfriend. Philippa wanted it to be quick, she didn't want him to get caught. Her mouth really struggled to get around and down the width of his veiny cock, so she let her tongue do most of the work as she licked around the head. Flicking the underneath of the tip resulted in a jerk every time, so she focused on that sensitive spot while keeping her left hand busy pulling the skin taut around the head. Her pussy was so wet with the clandestine nature of this quick dirty affair, she decided there was enough time.
Philippa pulled her mouth away from his steely manhood and released it, resulting in an audible slap as it bounced against his stomach. She reached around behind her and pulled the bench away from the wall, and pushed him down on to it. He sat with his cock pointing up and leaned back. Philippa straddled him swiftly and then grabbed his cock and guided it into her eager and willing pussy. The first physical touch was electric and it released a new flood of her own juices that aided in the swallowing of his entire cock in one movement. The sudden fullness threatened to overcome her, but she held her cry in her mouth, resisting the urge to moan out loud like some guttural animal. She looked him in the eye, and proceeded to ride him with slow hard bucks. He was lost in ecstasy, he thrust his hips upward using his thick cock to touch her inner monster. His rocking body was losing control and she knew he was going to cum soon. Philippa could feel the craving desire of her pussy, insatiable through this day. She leaned back and rested her hands on his knees, arching her back, she created a sexy tableau for his eyes to feast on as he gave his final orgasmic thrust.
His hand rose to squeeze her breast as his cock hardened to an impossible rigidity. He erupted into her, the cum forcibly entered her cunt. It wasn't a sudden spurt but a long continuous flow that filled her to the brim. She raised herself up to give his cock more room to fill her up, she wanted that cum so badly it hurt. His second spurt was just as impressive as the first, it filled her completely and then squirted out past his cock in a torrent that made faint plopping sounds as it flowed onto the floor. Philippa was forlorn at the thought of wasting any more cum, she slipped off of him entirely so that she could squat down and have him finish off in her mouth. She had barely stepped off him and back to fit between his legs when a third powerful gush erupted. It was like a high pressure hose shooting a thick white flood of semen, and rather than stop with the first shot it just seemed to ease in pressure but not in volume. The jet of spunk hit her square in the face, and then as it subsided the flow washed down her body before stopping at her already spunk filled pussy. She quickly squatted down to get her mouth over his cock, her hand guided it down level with her mouth, when it erupted for a fourth equally impressive flow. This one again caught her in the face, with most of it going into her open mouth, filling it and then again as the pressure subsided the remaining flow was directed onto her breasts. His fifth spurt just blew her mind, she couldn't believe there was this much cum. She had never seen this much come from a single person. She hadn't even seen this much cum from the three guys she was with earlier this afternoon. Philippa tried to swallow what cum was left from his previous ejaculation and try and keep up with the fifth, but t was too much. Cum flowed from her mouth, dribbling out over her chin and down onto her body. It was a waterfall of cum washing down over her body. He continued to cum as her mouth tried to stay over the end of his cock. All she managed to divert the spray downwards over her naked body. His tsunami of cum eventually subsided with weaker and weaker throbs. His hands were white knuckled as he held on to the bench, his face beet red with the massive restraint of not bellowing out. It was the quietest, horniest and wettest moment of Philippa's life. She looked down and could see that both of her breasts were completely covered in a thick white glaze that continued down to cover her entire belly and both her thighs. She looked up at his and smiled. She was impressed. He finally let go of the bench and looked down at her with a tired look of satisfaction. He leaned forward and whispered in to her ear.
'Oh my god! You are fucking awesome!' He struggled with the energy to even get that out.
She whispered back, 'That was just so much cum, I've never...', her voice trailed off as she felt a slippery wad of cum drip from her cheek to her shoulder, coming to rest in a puddle forming in the dip of her collar bone.
He looked sheepishly at her, 'I am a bit of a freak...I have an overactive prostate, and that is what happens...well, that was actually a big one for me because you're so hot.'
'You had better get going stud, or someone may notice you're missing.' She smiled and looked up at him with a demure look, totally at odds with the sight he was seeing. He stood and looked reluctantly at the curtain. He slipped his pants on while she just stayed kneeling on her haunches.
He reached into his pocket, 'Call me...save me again.' He pulled a business card out and put it into her handbag. He took a peek outside the curtain and disappeared with a last longing look.
Philippa took stock of her current state. Looking in the mirror, her face was covered in cum from the nose down, dripping still onto her body. Both breasts were thickly covered in their entirety, slow rivers were winding down her equally covered stomach. Her thighs slick with the dripping cum from her face, nipples and hands. Her pussy was totally drenched and dripping an almost continuous stream of cum on to the floor. All up, she was a mess. She quickly tied her hair back to avoid getting any cum in her remarkably untouched hair. Standing up, she felt a rivulet of cum dribble down her leg all the way to her ankle. She felt like an angel of sex with a aura of cum shrouding her wickedly sexy body. She now had to figure out a way to be able to leave in public.
Reaching for her already ruined stockings, she used one to wipe the cum from her body. By the time she had removed the cum, the stocking was drenched. Philippa then used the other stocking to dry her body of the remaining smears. She used the last ounce of absorbency in that stocking to try and dry her soaked pussy. There was however a limit to how much her stockings could absorb, with the second stocking becoming soaked like the first before she really had her pussy cleaned up. Philippa brought the two soaked stockings to her face and inhaled the scent of her day. The smell reminded her of the sea, a marine like saltiness just faintly wafted, filling her nose. She was already yearning for more cum. She was now lost in her acts of sexy brazenness and knew that a day like today might never happen again. She was going to make this day count by being the biggest cumslut she could be. Philippa's heart was racing at her goal of seducing as many men as she could, and getting their cum in or on her. The fresh drip from her pussy brought her hand down to swipe it up. She then brought her finger to her mouth and tasted the sweet nectar. Her body felt light with butterflies as she plotted her sexual exploits as her hand returned to her juicy loin. She stopped as again she cleaned her finger of the creamy remnants, she stopped plotting as she realised that she had already shown that 'going with the flow' was working well. Her peek-a-boo style of clothes was like honey to a bee, and she knew that she was soon to be attired in her new purchases, an exciting prospect indeed.
Philippa quickly put her skirt and blouse back on which mostly covered her up again and put her drenched stockings into her handbag. Looking in the mirror, she straightened herself out, brushed her hair, reapplied her makeup, and again she looked like a million dollars...a slutty million dollars. She smiled and walked out of the changing rooms with the clothes she was going to buy. Like the butterflies in her stomach, she felt she had been reborn into a beautiful new creature, and as she passed the mirrors adorning most of the walls she could not help but see the strut and confidence in her step. Philippa only rarely thought she looked good when she checked herself out, so this change was noticeable and the cause was obvious. She was an unstoppable sex machine, and she would be taking what she wanted from the men who stood in her path. Men were weak, and to Philippa, taking advantage of that and getting what she wanted was a victory and confirmation of her power over them. The fun, dirty sex and salty goodness was its own reward too, she smirked.
Leaving the changing room area, Philippa walked up to the sales counter. The sales assistant that she had flashed earlier was there and he flashed his handsome smile as she approached. He was so handsome that she felt a flush of heat wash over her body, renewing her consciousness of her wet pussy, but relieved that she freshened up just minutes before. She beamed a smile at him as she placed the clothes on the counter.
'I think that should suffice.' She made brief teasing eye contact before looking over her selection.
'I hope you found what you were looking for.' He maintained the eye contact and smile in his perfect way.
'Oh yes,' she breathed a little as her memory took her for a few seconds, 'perfect fit.'
'Yes, they definitely look good on you.' His eyes wandered fleetingly to her flushing breasts. Philippa momentarily paused as she realised that he had somehow seen her in these clothes...in the changing rooms.
'You think so?' She inquired nonchalantly. Inwardly she was excited by the fact that there might have been an extra set of eyes on her.
'Oh yes, very much.' He raised an eyebrow in a subtly suggestive manner.
'Do you have cameras in the changing rooms?' She asked bluntly, attempting to crack his smooth casual confidence by letting him flounder for an excuse.
He blushed a deep red, 'Ah, um, no, I mean yeah,' He floundered as he tried to calculate if he was going to get fired, 'we do have cameras. They're pointed AT the changing rooms, but NOT in them!' He hastily emphasised the finer points, hoping that his guilt would remain hidden.
'You do know,' she left the words hanging as he gaped at the possibility of losing his job, 'that having cameras there is entirely legal. So the question is, why do you look guilty?' She smirked as he squirmed, but he seemed to ease his discomfort at her last statement and from her half grin on her face. 'How much did you see? Be honest.' She smiled a tigress grin.
'Oh, ahhhh, well when we looked for your skirt and your phone rang...you...' He left the rest unsaid, probably because he didn't know how to put into words what his cock was thinking.
'Yes, I know, and the changing rooms?'
'I saw the show you put on for that guy, and then you dragged him into you changing room while his girlfriend was next door. He left rearranging his junk and smiling like he had won the lottery.' His confidence was returning now that Philippa wasn't recoiling in shock or anger. 'You know, I like the fact that you like to show yourself off like that, it's sexy as hell.' The countertop was too high for her to see his crotch, but by the way he shifted on his feet she could tell that there was something newly uncomfortable forming in his trousers.
Philippa leaned both elbows casually on the countertop, and then glanced around the shop. The shop was still largely empty, with only a couple of shoppers and an equal number of shop assistants swallowed up by the size of the store. Her sweeping glance had her body twist slightly and bring her blouse to fall away from her breasts. Her hand came to her chest and swept the last of the blouse off her right breast and then gently rubbed her erect nipple.
'I like you looking at me like I'm sexy as hell.' She gave him a seductive set of bedroom eyes. 'But what if it's more than eyes I want on my body?'
His eyes quickly raised from her tits and met her eye. 'I would be happy to put whatever you want on your body,' he blurted out, paused, 'maybe after work we could meet up?'
Philippa stood up, bringing her breast back under the bare confines of her blouse. 'Maybe, if you want to...' she briefly pulled her blouse back open, 'you might have to seize the moment.' She started to walk along the counter, trailing a provocative finger along the countertop. She reached the end and almost laughed at the forlorn look on his face as he thought she was going to leave. She then rounded the end of the countertop, and was faced with a saloon style liftable countertop to access the boxlike sales counter area. She smiled and lifted the access countertop slowly and stepped through into his area. Dragging the moment out, she lowered the access way slowly, and then turned to face him. He was frozen in uncertainty, but she was pleased to see he did in fact have a raging hard on.
'Are you prepared to seize the moment?' Philippa swayed her hips as she approached him. He looked quickly around the store before returning his smouldering gaze to her petite form. The last few steps seemed to elapse in slow motion as they absorbed each other and let the electricity spark between them. Standing before the handsome sales assistant, she reached her hand to his buttoned shirt and gently ran his collar between her fingers. Their eyes never broke contact with both of their pupils dilated in arousal.
'What have you got in mind?' He managed to stammer out.
Philippa only smiled, and looked around the sales counter area. Next to the checkout, underneath the counter was a large box which was half full of discarded coat hangers from purchased clothes. She took the few steps in that direction and bent over, making sure that her skirt rode high up her legs. The cool store air was a slight shock against her very moist pussy. He was lost in the sight of her moist pink pussy lips, spread from all of the sex she had had only minutes ago. Philippa spread her legs slightly as she braced herself to drag the large box out from underneath the counter. It was surprisingly light and slid easily to the other side of the sales area, and she squatted down to push it under that part of the counter. From her position, her skirt had risen to the top of her thighs which were spread for balance. Her blouse hung open, with both of her breasts fully exposed. He was standing agog looking down upon her pert breasts, and when she turned to look mischievously at him, her pussy was then brought again to his attention. He licked his suddenly dry lips with delightful anticipation.
Rocking on her heels, she tipped over onto her knees. She crawled on all fours back to the space where the box was. Her ass was jutting upward, with her pussy spread to anyone who cared to look, and her blouse had slipped off her shoulders falling around her elbows, keeping her breasts in full view. Once she reached the space, she easily slipped under the high countertop with enough room to again return to her squatting stance, again legs spread and tits out. Philippa, now obscured from the rest of the store, raised her finger and beckoned him over.
He covered the couple of steps in the blink of an eye and stood before the counter with the mundane appearance of a store lackey waiting to serve a customer. A store lackey who just had his fly pulled down and his cock pulled carefully from his pants. He nervously looked about as he was feeling very exposed. After numerous checks he was sure that the counter covered this delightfully slutty girl and her ministrations she was now applying to his rock hard cock. Her mouth felt hot and moist against his straining member, he had to try very hard to not thrust his hips too obviously. Her tongue was doing magical things around his cock head and she was working her hand in a fashion that kept him so painfully erect. The shop assistant gripped hard onto the counter to steady his twinges rocking his groin.
Philippa was loving the sensation of the man's cock. She had in her hand a long fat one that was hard, yet soft and spongy at the same time. Her pussy was again in an overdrive of desire, already awash with cum. The way he was gently rocking in and out of her mouth, meant she had no fear of gagging, so she used her free hand to dip into his pants. Her hand weaved around his underpants, and stroked his balls. A gentle squeeze here and there resulted in a pause followed by a more vigorous thrust. This control over him allowed her to slather her saliva over his cock and push it further back in her mouth, testing her gag reflex. Philippa was working his full length right into her mouth when she felt him freeze, with only his involuntary twitching making any movements.
A woman approached the counter with a handful of clothes. The shop assistant gulped down some air to try and get his over sexed mind to work. The crazy slut under the counter had him all the way down her throat and he just wanted to fuck her senseless, with a wild abandon of two long separated lovers. He froze to not arouse suspicion and quickly cleared the counter of the clothes the blowjob queen had left there. The woman stood before the counter and looked at the man with only a fleeting thought that he looked flushed and must just be shy.
'Good afternoon, I'll just take these please.' She spoke in an easy yet disinterested manner.
The shop assistant mumbled an attempted polite reply, and quickly scanned the items. To his great relief, the girl under the counter released his cock and his balls. His cock was left hanging awkwardly out of his pants, but still covered by the counter. The woman standing at the counter was busy looking at her phone while he folded her clothes.
'Would that be cash or credit?' He queried with his best attempt at a level voice.
Philippa couldn't help but smile as this man was forced to deal with a shopper while his beautiful cock bobbed before her face. She licked her lips in anticipation and fingered her dripping pussy. The guy sounded stilted and embarrassed, she wished she could see the look on his face, but the transaction seemed to be going smoothly enough.
'I should have enough cash.' The lady pulled her purse out and checked her cash situation in a painfully thorough manner. He was longing for the return of a certain pair of lips to his penis and cursed this belaboured hunt for cash. He almost said she could have it for free to hurry her up, but knew that would draw too much attention.
Under the counter, Philippa lapped at the tip of his prick with the gentlest of brushes of her tongue, which got a twitch in response. For some reason she was feeling quite mean, and decided to make it difficult for this handsome, almost too cocky man, to function. She pivoted on her heels and faced the wooden wall of the rear under counter, and edged up close. She then put her hands on the ground, and then spread her legs as she straightened them up. Philippa was now totally doubled over, with her ass bobbing just under the counter and looking between her own legs. She was instantly thankful to her yoga classes for enabling her to be so flexible. Using one hand to balance, she then used the other hand to reach between her legs and wrapped it around his cock. She then used her toes to push herself back. Her hand guided his cock directly into her slick and sloppy pussy. The slow motion of moving back on her toes made the penetration agonisingly slow. Philippa first felt the warmth of his cock, and then the head resting against her labia. Slowly, his head split her pussy lips, twitching in a wildly involuntary manner resulting a crazily sensuous rubbing of her clitoris.
The shop assistant was watching the lady fumble around in her purse when a bump against his shin and hint of movement indicated that the delightful girl was doing something. His curiosity was making his cock as hard as steel with anticipation at what would follow as soon as this customer left. He sharply inhaled when he first felt the hot wet heat slowly ease onto his cock.
The woman looked up at him, 'You ok there?' She had a mild look of concern on her face.
'Ah, yeah. I mean no. Yeah. Um, I just remember that I...ah...had something to do...after work.' His cock eased forward a little more as he struggled to control himself.
'Alright then,' her feigned interest instantly gone, 'I'll just pay with plastic.' She handed over her credit card.
Philippa pushed herself back further and impaled her pussy on his cock in slow motion. His firm spongy head pressed further into her pussy, inch by inch filling her pussy. With her head hanging lower than the action, she could clearly see her pussy lips spreading further apart to accommodate his burrowing cock. She could also see the cum that was dripping out around the girth of his manhood and dribbling down her pussy lips and over her clitoris. His cock ploughed deeper as she inched her toes back further. The drawn out nature of this manoeuvre was a slow and powerful pleasure, as her pussy throbbed as it took each inch, only to increase in intensity for the next inch. Eventually she had pressed back so far that her was totally engulfed by her wet gripping love hole. The mixture of her own juices and cum was slowly rolling from her pussy to her groin, before starting a slow rolling bead of moisture down her leg. It tickled like a feather as it moved down her leg, the tingle it created only served to amplify the throbbing his twitching cock caused. Her hips drove back against him, to which he responded with a strong push forward. The pushing from both directions resulted in neither of them moving, but both having their sex ground hard against each other.
Gulping hard, the man renewed his grip on the counter with one hand so that he could push deeper into this sexy goddess. His other hand operated the electronic credit card machine before handing the passcode device to the woman. She accepted it with a cursory raised eyebrow as she entered her passcode. He was starting to sweat, and his heart raced as he thought he had blown it and was going to be seen. She handed back the device, then looked at him with a furrowed brow.
'Are you sure you're ok there? You look a little flushed.' She had a look of genuine concern.
Normally, he would have been overjoyed to have this sincere and nice lady to chat to, but today he just wanted her to leave. The woman leaned in a little closer for a better look at him.
'You might have a summer cold.' She reached out and touched his brow. He couldn't pull away as he was pressing hard forwards into Philippa's hungry pussy.
'Ah, I'm alright.' He stammered out.
The interaction with this woman was doing two things. His cock was blatantly defying his wishes of self-preservation and was just getting harder and harder, which made the glorious slut push more enthusiastically onto him. He was having to push even harder back, which made him look more strained and sweaty, and guilty of what this woman thought was a sickness. This was the good news. The bad news was that the other shop assistant had noticed and walked over to the counter.
'Everything alright here?' The second male shop assistant asked.
'I think this employee is sick, you should send him home.' She persisted.
'No, no. I'm fine.' He almost pleaded.
At that moment, Philippa rocked forward on her feet, drawing her pussy quickly away from his cock and then rocked back into him. The sudden movement saw his body jolt due to the shifting forces, and his cock spasm with pleasure at the new sensation. The spasm was so intense that he briefly leaned forward with a quick exhale of air.
'See, he is quite ill.'
The second shop assistant walked around the counter to the first's horror. He couldn't pull away or else his cock would spring out of her pussy and leap up in to sight, and if he stayed forward, the slut would be exposed as he came around to their side of the counter. The other man walked through the saloon counter entrance to the boxlike sales counter. The original assistant froze as he looked at the other guy, who looked immediately down at Philippa bent double under the counter with a cock buried deep within her. He smiled, and walked to the counter beside the first.
'Yes, he should go home shouldn't he? Here ma'am, let me take care of these.' He started to load up a shopping bag with the items of clothing.
Philippa started to rock gently back and forth on her heels. The seesawing motion played havoc on the man's nerves as he wanted to escape at the same time as unload his wad inside this ravenous animal. Just then she saw the second shop assistants legs approach the counter, she hadn't heard him come in to the sales area. She immediately froze, but her heat was now overpowering and she slowly started to rock back and forward again. The audience made her want to milk this cock so that she could display a dripping creamy mess for this newcomer who couldn't have helped but seen her. He could feel his cock start to pulse with the inevitable tide of orgasm. He leaned slightly over the counter as he felt suddenly light headed as a wave of pure ecstasy washed right from his head and out through his balls. His cum spurted in rapid jets, washing her pussy with hot new love.
'Maybe you should see a doctor.' The lady picked up her purchases and walked away.
Philippa looked up at her pussy, engorged red with carnal need and rimmed with thick white semen dripping around the last twitches of his cock. The small rivulet of semen that was halfway down her thigh was now being chased by two more. She reached up and rubbed her clitoris, it was impossible to gain any friction to stimulate it because her button was so slippery with cum, but its sudden escaping slips under her rubs left quick pangs of desire.
'Shit Pete, I don't know what to say.' The original said between panting breaths.
'Holy fuck Mike, that is fucking hot.' He leaned back away from the counter to look at Philippa's white ass, her pussy was still pressed hard onto Mike's cock.
Listening to the two shop assistants talk had Philippa achingly horny, knowing that she had just been fucked in secret with a stranger nearby, and another watching on. She again used her free hand to reach up, this time to her side. Her hand went up to Pete's crotch and she brushed her hand against his hard cloth covered cock. He didn't pull away, as she knew he wouldn't. He took her hand with his own and pressed it against him harder. Philippa, given the green light, pulled his zipper down and then wound past his underpants to his cock and pulled it free. Mike pulled his cock out of her steaming cunt, followed by a stream of spunk that rolled in a torrent down her leg, connecting the earlier small streams. He slipped it back into his pants, exhausted and relieved that he was now safe. Stepping back, Mike looked at the gorgeous sluts creampied pussy, his sperm was thick and white and covered her pussy lips as it oozed from her gaping hole. As mesmerizing as that was, he looked down at her face, it was beautiful in its flushed state, her eyes were dilated with lust and her hair hung down to the floor. Her blouse for once hung loosely covering her tits because of her torso's upside down pose. His cock gave a last throb of lust as he could still feel her wetness.
Pete stepped to his side, into Mike's now vacant spot. His cock looked an odd monster, it was not terribly thick, but veiny and most interestingly, it was noticeably bent to one side and up. Philippa was totally intrigued with the oddity of this thing, and wished she could enjoy it at her leisure rather than in an increasingly cramped and tiring position. She stroked his cock, letting her hand absorb and enjoy the ridges and the heartbeat that positively made it alive. He stepped up to the counter and it disappeared into her still stretched pussy, the cum the coated it making a fine lubricant that he smeared around before thrusting in. The angled cock pressed against her vaginal walls as he thrust deeply within her. As Pete had pushed most of the way inside her, the upward angle rewarded Philippa's g-spot with a body crumpling explosion. Her body was overcome by an orgasm that had been building relentlessly. She raised the hand supporting her and pushed against the lower counter wall, pushing her pussy fully onto his crooked cock. Her body was close to collapse and was flopping about in time to her cunts orgasmic throbbing. Pete's cock ploughed on without a care for Philippa's peaking passion, he was just seeking an immediate release. He wanted to spray his cum all over this girl's pussy, inspired by the mess his co-worker had left. Mike was watching on, taking the time to look around for any interlopers, of which there were none close enough to register Pete's rather odd behaviour with the 'counter.'
Philippa rocked her body backwards and forwards in an increasing rhythm, letting Pete's stimulating cock rake her insides and press against her g-spot. She was starting to moan as she felt the next orgasm building. Pete was building pace as he neared his physical limits, barely able to control the rising cum. She used her hand to pull his pants down a bit, enough to reach into his fly and tickle his balls. This odd sensation threw him a little, he was protective of his balls so flinched a little, delaying the impending orgasm. She continued to grind against him, her cummy insides being stirred to a white frothy lather. He was again nearing his orgasm and Philippa sensed this increased enthusiasm, she reached even further back from his balls and slid her finger against his asshole. Pete grunted and drove hard against her, pressing all the right areas. Philippa again came quickly and out of nowhere, smashing her sanity as her pussy squirted a little of her own girl cum over Pete's cock. The surprise intensity made her whole body shake and constrict, her hand clamped tight, driving her finger all the way up his ass. The sudden intrusion blew Pete's mind and his cock erupted deep within her, despite his intention of painting her pussy white. The hot fluid spilled in long thick surges, filling her pussy with a familiar dirtiness. He pushed with such force as he emptied himself into her that her face pressed against the wall. He finally stopped cumming and pulled out in a sudden swift manner. The sudden absence of hard man meat in her pussy left it widely stretch open, with cum dripping freely out over her pubic area, and then down her thighs. The shock also sent a wave of exhaustion over her, with her yoga endurance reaching its limit. Her legs crumpled, bringing her back to a squatting position. She turned to face the two cocksmen on her heels. Looking up, she could see their tired yet satisfied expressions, with eyes that roamed over her exposed body. She licked the tip of Pete's cock to remove a pending drip before he tucked it back away.
Philippa crept out from under the counter and stood before Mike and Pete. She brushed her blouse straight, and pulled her skirt back down from around her waist. The trickle of cum that was slipping down her leg sent a shiver up her spine to her heart and then back to her loins. If these two had any more cum she would have been on her knees in a heartbeat. They were caught in an awkward silence, not knowing what to say after exchanging such an intimate experience. She stepped up to each of them in turn, and silently planted a kiss on each of them.
'Well,' she sighed, 'I guess I should take my leave. But thank you both for a very pleasurable shopping experience.' She smiled at their bashful faces.
'You are most welcome.' Mike blurted out.
'It's not every day that a hottie like you comes in here, let alone... well you know.' Pete trailed off as his mind returned to his faintly twitching cock.
'If you'll just take care of my clothes, I'll be able to leave. Maybe I could return for next seasons 'look'.' She flicked her skirt up revealing her very cummy pussy to emphasise her sexual inference.
'Just take them, they're on the house.' Pete just waved his hand, after the pleasure this sex doll had just given him he was keen to promote a return visit.
'Why thank you good man.' She smiled and took her clothes that were in a shopping bag, and walked out of the sales counter area. Her exit from the shop saw her have to walk back past the counter. She smiled a sheepish look at them that had their cocks harden again, had she known that she would have turned back around. She continued through the store without looking back and left. The day had cooled a little and the streets looked a little busier as it was heading toward evening and the end of the working day. People scurried busily along the sidewalk as they made their way to wherever they were needed. Philippa started her short walk to the gym to meet up with Josie. Cum was still leaking from her pussy, and a second trickle of semen was working its way down her other leg, racing the other one to her ankles. Feeling a little bit self-conscious, she walked alongside the building fronts and used her shopping bag to create a shield from anyone looking at her legs. Her mind started to wander as she thought about if or how she was going to tell her story to Josie. She did the quick mental tally, she had had eight men cum on or in her today and her body vibrated at the thought. Josie would either be mortified or jealous. She spent the 15 minute walk to the gym pondering her story.
To be continued...