^^^Chapter 7^^^
The afternoon of the next day, we went to the nude beach. All of us: my family, the Greeks, and Karen and her family. The eleven of us took up a large plot of sand at Gunnison.
At first, I found it awkward to be there with Fantasia and Karen. I didn't want one to see me talking to or flirting with the other, so I avoided them both. That strategy didn't work well. Together they cornered me, asked me why I was hiding from them, and I readily confessed.
The young women laughed at me. Karen said, "Did you think this was more than a beach fling? I'm going home tomorrow, and we will probably never see each other again."
"You silly boy!" Fantasia said. "I'm fond of you. You're fun, but Greeks only marry Greeks. It is our responsibility to keep our culture alive. That's why we don't intermarry with other groups. And I too am leaving tomorrow.
"Oh. So you're not upset that I've..."
"Had other friends?" Fantasia said, finishing my sentence.
"Had other lovers?" Karen said and smiled.
"NO!" They both responded. They grabbed my hands and together we ran into the ocean. We played in the water. They kissed me, and I kissed them. I groped them, and they groped me. We had fun for the rest of the day.
The group got along fabulously, so when Cosmos invited us to his beach house for dinner, we agreed. The food was great, and we stayed to party and drink. We got very drunk.
Cosmos tried to teach me a Greek folk dance. I was doing okay until the music sped up, and went faster and faster. I was drunk, got dizzy, and I fell on my butt. Everyone laughed.
We continued to drink and dance. People paired up for sex. At first, the couple went off to a bedroom to screw. Grandma went with Cosmos. Nico took my mother to his room, and Angie went off with Spiro.
The rest of us didn't have anywhere to go, and since we'd had too much to drink, we didn't care who saw us. Karen, Ellie, and Bill stripped and formed a threesome. The women shared Bill, and at other times, he sat back and watched them go at it.
I kissed Fantasia and asked, "Do you want to go to your room."
"One of my brothers is in it banging your sister or mother in my room," she answered and laughed. "This place only has three bedrooms." She removed her clothes and said, "Why leave? Everyone has seen us naked and seen us have sex. Do you care if they see us again?"
"No."
That was how I ended up naked and having sex in the middle of the living room with nine people watching me. The others drank, undressed, and watched us.
Since the other men had shot their wad, they or their partner stroked a limp cock, waiting for another erection and the chance to fuck again.
I guess Fantasia and I put on a good show. The young men got hard, and after we orgasmed, they performed for us. It was hot seeing the women of my family having sex with other men. Spiro had Angie's ankles on his shoulders and was thrusting into her, and Nico took my mother from behind.
Grandma and Cosmos were not having sex. My grandmother sucked and stroked his limp cock. He was having trouble getting hard a second time which wasn't surprising, the man was nearly sixty.
Fantasia left me, went to the older couple, and she said to them, "Let me help you." Dawn moved aside; Fantasia knelt beside the old man, took hold of his dick, and said, "A daughter should honor her father."
She brought her mouth to his dick and lovingly gave him head.
Her action surprised me. The next event shocked me. Spiro pulled out of Angie and went to his sister. She was sitting on her heels. He put his hands on her hips and signaled that she should raise her ass.
She got on her hands and knees, glanced over her shoulder, saw it was him, and asked, "What are you doing, brother?"
"We're family. I love you," he answered, and he slid his dick inside her.
"OH!" they groaned.
She closed her eyes as he thrust into her and moaned. Then, she lowered her head, captured her father's penis, and sucked his dick.
Angie came over to me and said, "I didn't see that coming." She sat on my lap, impaled herself on my cock, and gently rocked on my cock.
The others noticed my sister and I were fornicating. Nico stopped having sex with my mother. He and the others said nothing and watched my sister and me and Fantasia, Cosmos, and Spiro have sex. They appeared interested and were not shocked or disgusted by the incestuous sex that was occurring right in front of them.
"Ohhh!" Spiro cried out and thrust into his sister. She stopped moving, and her body trembled as her brother filled her with his cum.
Angie whispered to me, "She had a small orgasm."
When Spiro was done, he pulled out and sat on the floor. Fantasia resumed blowing her father.
Wordlessly, Nico approached his sister. He stroked her back and caressed her ass to get her attention. She looked his way, saw his erection, and nodded.
"Ohhhh!" they moaned as he entered her. He pushed his dick in slowly and to the hilt. As he fucked her gently, he leaned down to grope and fondle her breasts.
"Oh. Oh," she cooed and returned to sucking her father's dick.
I was mesmerized by the sight and idly played with Angie's tits. My sister fingered her clit and bounced forcefully on me. She cried out. I grunted loudly, and we climaxed.
The others smiled at us.
Nico continued to rock his cock in and out of his sister for another five minutes. He cried out, "OOHhh!", and thrust into her forcefully. She froze and gasped softly. Her body shuddered as her brother flooded her pussy with his seed.
He slid out of her and sat on the floor. She rested with her head on her father's thigh.
We were spellbound. The atmosphere was electric. The room was warm and smelled of sex.
Cosmos sat up and gently stroked the hair on her head. She looked up at him hesitantly. He smiled broadly. She beamed, seeing his acceptance of what had occurred.
"Mount me," he said.
Fantasia moved, and we saw his organ. It was thick and hard. She straddled him and guided it to her opening. She cautiously lowered herself on it. It was thicker than the two cocks she'd just had.
When she had adjusted to it, Cosmos said, "Sit up tall, my beautiful daughter." She straightened her back and held her head high.
"Boys, suck your sister's breasts."
Nico and Spiro knelt on either side of their sister. Each grabbed a breast and sucked on her nipple as she squirmed on top of her father. She wrapped an arm around her brothers to hold their head to her chest and steady herself as she bounced up and down on her father's cock.
We watched mesmerized.
"OOOOHHH!" Fantasia hollered as she climaxed. This one appeared to be a big one. Her body spasmed. Her father drove his thick cock deep inside her, and he yelled as he came inside her, "Ahh. Ahh! Ahh!"
Her brothers held her as she orgasmed. They lowered her on top of her father, and she and Cosmos shared a deep kiss.
The Greek family laid on top of each other in a heap. I felt that I was intruding. Maybe the others did too. We got dressed and left. I kissed Karen goodbye. Her family went one way, and my family went another as we walked home.
"That was a beautiful sight," Grandmother said, "seeing their family together."
"Yes. It was," Mother said.
When we arrived at our beach house, my mother said, "Everyone, follow me." She led us to her bedroom, stripped, and pulled the sheet down on the bed. We undressed. She said, "Eric, make love to your grandmother on that half of the bed. Angie lay down beside them."
Instantly, I had a strong erection.
"Let me ride that," Grandmother said, pointing and snickering.
Angie and I got on the bed. Grandmother mounted me. Mother tapped Angie's legs, smiled, and said, "Spread 'em." She climbed between her daughter's legs.
"Uh-uh," Angie grunted. "We're going full-on sapphic love. Straddle my head. We're sixty-nining."
As Grandma rode me, my mother sucked my spunk out of my sister, who dazzled our mother with her oral technique. There were orgasmic cries and happy cuddling, followed by sleep.
I sleep well in the family bed. People got up to use the bathroom, returned, found a space, and rejoined the group. We were in bed until noon.
Grandmother brought a tray of buttered toast and mugs of coffee to the bedroom. We partook and lunged comfortable and naked.
I got an erection, and my mother mounted me. I thumbed her stiff nipples as she rode me. The others watched and then went off to brush their teeth and shower.
"OOOOHHHH!" We exclaimed as we shared a mutual orgasm.
We rested, recovered, and shared a shower. Mother giggled when I got an erection and said, "I'd forgotten how prolific erections are for a young man. Don't just stand there," she said in a teasing tone. "Fuck me!"
She turned around, put one foot on the edge of the tub, and I slid my cock into her waiting cunt. We thrashed about. I loved the slippery feel of her wet body. I groped her ass and breasts and drove my penis into her hard and deep. I got the expected results.
"Ohhhh" she screamed and came.
"Ohh. Ohh," I cried out and pushed my exploding cock deep inside her.
When we came downstairs, Grandma and Angie stood and clapped. "Bravo, you two," Angie teased. "That must have been some great shower sex. We could hear you going at it from down here."
I blushed.
"The next round is mine," Angie said.
"You won't have to wait long," Mother teased. "This guy is like the Energizer Bunny. He keeps going and going." She mussed my hair and added, "And we love you for it."
After eating a later lunch, I went to Angie and said, "I'm ready if you are."
She looked at the bulge in my pants, smiled, put her phone down, and said, "Great."
She stood, grabbed my hand, and led me upstairs. We had athletic sex. We sweated and contorted our bodies so we could fuck in new ways. We warmed up doing 'The Wheelbarrow' and moving on to a 'Standing wheelbarrow'.
We had regular standing sex with me holding her in the air. She suggested we do it with her facing away. She climbed on the bed and got on her hands and knees. I stood behind her, and she backed up and wrapped her legs around my waist. I grabbed her hips, leaned back, and lifted her in the air.
She laughed and said, "I'm flying!"
Then she put my dick inside her and supported her torso by putting her hands on my knees. We wiggled our hips, and I bounced up and down. We managed to find pleasure before collapsing to the floor and laughing.
We finished doing the 'Butter Churn'. Angie laid on her back, really her shoulders, with her legs raised and folded over, so her ankles were beside her head. I squatted and penetrated her. My penis slid deep inside her. This was a new angle for us to enjoy. We climaxed together.
I had sex with my grandmother and mother too. It was fun, and we did it in less strenuous positions.
We ate at an Italian restaurant, walked the boardwalk, and had ice cream cones. We watched a movie when we got home and then, in mass, went upstairs. We got naked and got into one bed. We kissed and fumbled and groped each other.
We came together and had sex. Mother was eating her mother while I fucked her from behind. Angie laid beside our grandmother and pulled and pinched her nipple, and laughing as Dawn cursed her.
We repositioned ourselves, and my grandmother rode me reverse cowgirl style. Mother sat on my face. Angie stood, spread-eagle straddling my head with her hands against the wall as our mother ate her pussy.
We moved again. I had the women drape themselves over the side of the bed, and I went down the line fucking them from behind. Next, the women formed a circle. Angie ate Grandmother, my mother ate Angie, and Grandmother sucked my dick.
I came twice that night. Once in my sister and once in my mother. My grandmother hoovered my cum out of both of them, giving them a second orgasm.
^^^
The next morning, there were smiles all around the breakfast table. Mother said, "Last night was wonderful. I love you all, and I love having sex with everyone."
"Me too!" my sister and I said.
Mother said. "I'm sure we will always be close and love each other, but I want you kids to know it's okay to have boyfriends and girlfriends.
"What I'm trying to say is I want you to have a full life. If you meet someone special and fall in love, it's okay. I want you to get married and have children.
"Your grandmother and I had a full life and we want the same for you. I don't want you to think you're cheating on us if you love someone else and our relationship is no longer physical, we're okay with that, and we won't think that you love us less. Understand?"
Angie and I nodded.
"Who wants to go to the beach?" Grandma asked.
We all did. We gathered our supplies, packed the car, and headed to Gunnison. Grandmother found us a good spot, and we set up camp. Grandmother and I applied sunscreens to each other's butt cracks. She snuck a fingertip into my anus, and I returned the favor. Angie and Marie cracked up.
We sunbathed and went into the ocean to cool off and fool around. It was great fun.
I took a walk on the beach. The further I went, the more sparse the crowd. I crested a sand dune and spied a beautiful nude woman alone. She was singing and dancing. I watched her perform and clapped when she was done.
She looked at me, shrieked, crouched down, and used her hands and arms to cover her bits. I looked at her, smiled, and said, "Why are you covering up? Did you suddenly realize that you're naked and this is a nude beach?"
She appeared scared. I said, "You sing and dance beautifully and surely you know you have a beautiful body."
She didn't speak. I said, "I'll go. I'm sorry that I've upset you."
"No. Wait," she said. She stood up tall and forced her arms to her side. I could see the tension on her face, and her hands were clenched into tight fists.
She was a tall, beautiful woman with a great body. She had long, chestnut-colored hair and the classic hourglass figure with full tits and a tapered waist.
The top half of her was tanned. Her tushie and a small triangle of skin above her sex were not.
"I need to be brave," she said.
I smiled and said, "That's how I ended up here. My name is Eric, and a week ago, I was a shy teenager with no self-confidence. I could barely look a woman like you in the eye, and I could never have a conversation. My grandmother brought me here to get over those conditions."
"I'm guessing it worked since you're talking."
I came to her, said, "Yes," and chuckled. "I had no self-confidence because I thought I was imperfect and therefore unworthy. What I learned from seeing hundreds of naked bodies is that we are all flawed. I'm tall and skinny, but so what? My grandmother is old and wrinkled. Her breasts and butt sag..."
"You've seen your grandmother naked?"
"Yes. Lots of time. She was the one who brought me to Gunnison. She helped me overcome my shyness. She told me that going to a nude beach would give me the confidence I need to talk to girls, ask them out, kiss them, and do more. I was insecure and had no confidence because I didn't think I was good enough. I didn't believe any girl would think I was interesting and attractive. She said I was wrong and that if I came to Gunnison, she'd prove it.
"I still hesitated. She hit me between the eyes by saying, 'Are you brave enough to have the life you want?'"
"Wow. You're lucky to have her in your life."
"I am," I said, looking into her blue eyes. "I'm still tall and skinny, but now I realize that some girls won't like me, but some girls will, and I need to get on with my life.
She batted her eyes at me and said, "I like tall men." She blushed. I smiled.
"My name is Sandy," she said, "and I'm on the same quest that brought you here."
She smiled, stuck out her hand, and we shook hands.
"I've read that the trick to public speaking is to imagine that everyone in the audience is naked. I'm in the Miss America contest, and next week I have to stand up in front of a large audience, speak, perform, and march around in a bathing suit.
"The idea scares me, but I need money for college, and doing the pageant seemed like a better option than robbing a bank. I thought that if I came here and got naked that I'd gain the confidence I need to perform dressed in front of a large audience."
"You're right, but you have to be naked with other people," I said. I grabbed her hand and said, "Come with me."
She balked. "What? No, I can't."
"Yes, you can. Come with me. We will walk the beach and you will see that very few people are as attractive as you, yet they are here, naked, and having fun. You will also see that no one will point, laugh, or make fun of you. You're projecting your fears and letting them control you.
"Are you brave enough to live the life that you dreamed of?" I asked her.
"Yes!" she answered emphatically.
We gathered her beach towel and other stuff, and she learned that everything I had said was true. Some people ignored us, and others smiled or said hello. It wasn't the horrible, traumatizing experience she had worried it would be.
We stopped and talked to some people. Overall it was a cathartic, empowering experience. When we got to my blanket, I introduced her to my family. Sandy was comfortable being naked and confidently greeted my women. They were warm and effusive in return, and soon everyone was chatting as if they were old friends.
Grandma got out the sunscreen and rubbed some on Sandy's butt saying, "Dear, you need sunscreen. You've got a nice tan up top, but this pale skin will burn."
"Thanks."
Grandmother applied more lotion to her hand, reached around, and rubbed the sunscreen on the young woman's sex.
"Oh!" Sandy exclaimed having her labia and clit touched. She looked at us with big eyes.
"There," Grandma said. "Everything is protected now."
My mother laughed and said, "We should have warned you. She does that to all of us."
"Are you here alone?" Angie asked.
"At the beach? Yes. My mother passed away two years ago. My father and I made the trip to New Jersey."
Everyone gave her their condolences. The mood changed and everyone was quiet.
I said, "Sandy came here because she's in the Miss America contest."
"Wow!" Angie said, impressed.
"You're sure to win," Mom said. "You're gorgeous."
"Thanks, you're so kind."
They were thrilled to learn that she represented our state. After lying in the sun and having a nice conversation, we went into the ocean to cool off. My sister splashed me so I splashed her back. Soon everyone was in on it. The horseplay got physical. I got an erection. Everyone was jumping on each other, laughing and splashing.
Sandy's hand bumped into my penis. She grasped it, and said, "Damn!" The other women laughed knowing what had happened.
Angie said, "He has a big one, doesn't he?"
"Yes." She blushed, released me, and said, "You know?"
Grandmother said, "We've been coming to this nude beach for a while. Guys get erections. We've all seen it, bumped into it, or been prodded by it."
"Sorry," I apologized. "I didn't mean anything. It happens."
Angie grabbed my erection. She also grabbed Sandy's hand and brought it back to my dick. She said, "It's okay to touch it. It's so big it's hard to avoid it. What's the harm? We're just fooling around and having fun. Let's dunk him."
The two women jumped on me and forced me underwater. I went down, but not without a fight. I grabbed their legs and butts and pulled them down. I touched their breasts and pussies. We laughed and had fun while Mom and Grandma watched and smiled.
When we'd tired ourselves out, we decided to head back to the beach. "I'll meet you there in a bit," I said.
My family laughed. "What's so funny?" Sandy asked.
"Eric can't come out of the water until his erection goes away," Angie explained. "Erections and sexual activity are forbidden at nude beaches."
"Oh, right," Sandy said. "So I guess he'll be there a while."
"Unless we give him a hand!" Angie said. She mimed giving a handjob and headed toward the shore.
Sandy looked at me and asked, "Will you be alright?"
"Yes. Eventually, it will go away, but not as long as you are standing there naked."
She turned to follow my sister, stopped, and then came to me. She said, "I feel responsible."
I didn't say anything. She grabbed my dick and stroked me. "Stare at my tits." She giggled and said, "Two years ago when I was eighteen, and began having sex with my first serious boyfriend. I used to beat him off when I had my period. It started as a way to take care of him when having sex was too messy, but I grew to look forward to it."
I listened, moaned, and looked into her eyes.
"Don't look at my face. Look at my tits," she said sharply and pulled hard on my dick.
"Ouch!"
She stroked me softer and said, "As I was saying, I liked masturbating him. It was a power trip for me to hear him moan, watch his face contort, and see cum spurt out of his dick. Look at my tits. Do you like them?"
"Yes."
"Describe them."
"They're full and round. You have great nipples with thick, blunt points. I like dark nipples and big areolas."
"You can look, but you can't touch them. Come for me, Eric. Shoot your seed on my belly."
She stroked me faster and pressed her stomach against my cock. "Ohhh. Ohhh" I cried out as my dick exploded and my cum landed on her abdomen.
"Good boy," she said as she milked the last of my cum out of her cock.
"Thanks. I needed that," I said.
"You're welcome." She laughed and said, "Do you think I have the making of a Dominatrix?"
"Yes."
"The idea appeals to me. When I'm Mistress Cassandra I feel powerful, confident, unapologetic, and naughty. When I'm her, I do what I want and don't have to explain myself to anyone."
"You should be Mistress Cassandra at the pageant. Take that confidence to the stage."
"Yes. Good idea." She used the ocean to wash my cum off her belly, grabbed my hand, and we walked to the beach.
We talked and sunbathed. An hour passed, and Sandy said, "I'm so glad I met you. I have to go." She hugged us all goodbye. Her breasts were soft and warm. They weren't as big as Fantasia who had absurdly large breasts. They felt great pressed against my bony chest
Grandmother winked at me and said, "Sandy, why don't you and your father come other for dinner?"
"I don't want to put you out."
"Nonsense," she said and smiled. "I'll have the pots and pans out. Feeding two more mouths is no imposition."
"Okay. It'll be nice to get out of the hotel room."
"Eric," Grandma said. "You two exchange numbers and give her our address. Sandy, we'll expect you at seven-thirty."
The twenty-year-old and I did as we told and she went on her way.
"What a little match-maker you are," Angie teased Grandma. Grandma whispered in return, "That's only the half of it. Let's see if we can fix your mother up with the father."
^^^
Our guests arrived on time. I let them in, and introductions were made. Stuart, Sandy's father was a tall, good-looking man as you'd expect of a father of a beauty queen. His hair was a shade darker than his daughter's. They had the same cobalt blue eyes, ready smile, and friendly demeanor.
All the women in my house fell under the spell of the handsome man with charming manners. He only had eyes for my mother.
After dinner, we had drinks and talked until our grandmother insisted that the young folk, Angie, Sandy, and I, go to the boardwalk. She announced that she was tired and was going to bed, leaving Stuart and Marie alone in the living room.
Angie laughed as we descended the outside steps and said, "Grandma cleared the room so my mom can be alone with your dad."
"He hasn't been on a date with a woman since mother passed," Sandy said.
Sandy said. "Guys, I'm not going to cramp your style. Go have fun. I'm going to a bar. You might want to take the backstairs when you return otherwise you could see Stuart sliding his bone into my mother's cooze. Ciao!"
Angie laughed at her crude words and imagery and walked away.
"Where would you like to go?" I asked Sandy.
"The boardwalk is fine. I like to people-watch," she said. "Don't take me near a pizzeria. The smell will drive me crazy."
I gave her a confused look. She laughed and said, "This close to the pageant, I have to watch what I eat. Pizza is not on my approved food list, so don't torture me."
"Okay. I understand."
We walked and talked. I had a good time with her and thought that she was a nice person. I think she enjoyed herself.
"I like you," I said. "Want to go to my place? I have my own room."
"Yes."
We walked home and went up the front steps. I paused as I was about to turn the doorknob. I turned to Sandy and said jokingly, "Maybe we should enter quietly in case our parents are going at it."
I opened the door slowly. We saw my mother leaning over the end of the sofa. Her hands rested on the arm of the sofa. We heard her moan and saw her tits shake as Stuart pounded her from behind.
We saw his hard cock slick with my mother's juices when he pulled out. We heard his balls slap against her clit, and every slap was followed by a moan.
I slowly and silently began to close the door. Sandy put her hand on my arm. I took that to mean she wanted the door to remain open so she could watch them have sex. I gave her that opportunity. When she removed her hand from my arm, I closed the door.
We went around the house and up the backstairs to my bedroom. She pounced on me as soon as I closed the door. Her kisses were hungry and filled with passion. We kissed and undressed. She got on her knees and sucked my cock.
I brought her to the bed and ate her shaved pussy, and groped her fine breasts.
"Take me," Sandy said.
I smiled and moved to get on top of her.
"No. Take me from behind like my father fucked your mother."
She stood by the bed and leaned over with her hands supporting her. I stood behind her, wet the tip of my cock, and drove it into her.
"OOHH!" she moaned.
"Ahhh," I groaned. I started off slowly and not giving her all of my cock.
"Harder! Faster!" she demanded.
I slammed into her
"OOHH!" she cried out, spread her legs, and steeled herself.
I fucked her forcefully with quick, deep strokes. She moaned and breathed loudly through her mouth. I pounded her ass. I too was breathing loudly and making noises, expressing the pleasure I felt.
She continued to moan, and I continued to throw my cock into her as I held her hips and pulled them to me with each thrust.
"OOOHHH" she cried out as if in pain. I felt her body stop moving and go rigid. When her pussy clamped down on my cock I knew she had found her bliss, and I filled her beauty-pageant pussy with my cum.
"AAAhhhh!"
The world stopped. Peace, love, and joy raced through my body. I slumped on her. We crashed on the bed, rested, and savor the brilliant feeling inside us.
Minutes pass. I heard my heart pounding and noisy breathing. Sandy moved. My shrinking dick slipped out of her. She looked at me and said, "Wow!"
"Yes. Wow." I smiled.
"No one has ever made me cum so hard."
"Ditto," I lied. I thought it was appropriate and expected.
She stretched out and sighed. Then laughed and said, "I've got to go to the bathroom and clean up. I'm sweaty, my vag juice is all over my ass and thighs, and your cum is oozing out of me!"
I got up, opened the door, and said, "I'll show you where it is. It's close."
She giggled and said, "Do you expect me to run down the hall naked?"
"Yes." I stepped naked into the hall, looked both ways, and said, "The coast is clear. It's two doors down on the right."
Sandy smiled, stuck her head out, and hesitated. She grabbed a tissue, pressed it to her messy pussy, and stepped naked into the empty hall. She accidentally dropped the tissue, turned to me, smiled, and said, "Oops."
She bent at the hip and picked it. I enjoyed seeing her tits stretch toward the floor and form perfect orbs. While she was teasing me, the bathroom door opened, and my mother and her father stepped out into the hall. They looked my way and were confronted by Sandy's gorgeous, round ass. They couldn't help, but see her hairless pussy and winking asshole.
"Sandy?" Stuart said.
"Dad?" she answered as she stood and spun around. She stared with bulging eyes at her naked father. He stared wide-eyed at his naked daughter.
Mom and I were also naked, but no one cared. The others stood silently and stared at each other until mother dragged Stuart into her bedroom. Sandy stood there, looking at the closed door.
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"Yeah," she said. She shuffled down the hall and went into the bathroom. After she cleaned up, I took her home.
When I returned, Mother was sitting on the sofa naked. "How's Sandy," she asked.
"Shook up. How's Stuart?"
"The same. He's worried that he's scarred her for life and ruined their relationship. I tried to tell him otherwise, but you know how it is."
"I'm guessing he didn't have sex with you."
"God no! His penis melted away like a Popsicle left out in the sun."
"Do you..."
She interrupted me and said, "I'd love to."
She stood. We went up to her bedroom and had sex. I love how soft and malleable her breasts are, and spent a lot of time caressing them and nursing on them.
"Do you like Stuart?" I asked as I moved my lips from one nipple to the other.
"Yes. He and Sandy are nice and good-looking." She laughed and said, "When we got here, we made out. I went down on him, and he came in two seconds. He was embarrassed and apologetic. He hadn't had sex in two years.
"I told him it wasn't a problem. He got it up again, and we had intercourse."
"In the living room with you bent over the couch?" I said.
"You sneaking bugger! Did you spy on us?" From her tone, I knew she was amused, not angry.
"Yes. Sandy and I saw you and Stuart going at it. She was curious and got a good look at the two of you going at it."
Mother nodded and resumed her story. She said, "The sex was okay. He's handsome, has a nice cock, but he didn't last as long as I'd like. I had a small orgasm and was looking forward to round number three, but seeing his daughter and being seen by his daughter put the kibosh on that. I'm glad you are available.
"Do you like Sandy?" my mother asked. "She's gorgeous."
"Yes. I do," I answered as I reached down and rubbed my mother's pussy with my index finger.
"Oh," she sighed when I hit her clit.
"Sandy's smart, driven, beautiful, and the sex was good," I said. "She was ... aggressive is the wrong word, but she was hungry. Passionate. I don't think that I was the reason. Maybe she hasn't had sex in a while."
"Or maybe," my mother said as she spread her legs wider so I could touch her pussy with all of my fingers, "it was the first time she'd seen another couple have sex. Or it was because she saw her father having sex."
"I understand the first premise," I said. "I was hyped up the first time I watched other people having sex. Do you think she has a thing for her dad?"
"All girls do. Although they may not realize it. He's their hero. The first and most important male in their lives. Remember when Angie used to insist on sitting next to your father when we watched television? She made me move so she could snuggle with him.
"I'm not saying she is gagging to have sex with Stuart, but she could have been jealous of me and the love and attention I was getting. Mmmm. Keep touching my clit like that."
I repeated the move. I strummed my fingers across her nub. Bump. Bump. Bump. Bump.
"Oh, yes!" she cooed. "Do you have a thing for me? A special thing?"
"I love you, and I've always thought you were beautiful. I didn't fantasize about having sex with you when I was young, but as you said, our relationship has changed from mother/son to two adults. We are two consenting adults who love each other and appreciate what the other has to offer: physically, spiritually, and mentally. You're aces in my book, Doll."
She laughed and said, "You need to work on your gangster accent. Can we sixty-nine?"
I laid on my back, and she got on top of me, grabbed my dick, and put it into her mouth. I loved the way she gave me head. She sucks my dick differently than other women.
Some women I've been with are over-eager or too excited, and their enthusiasm to do more, swallow more, or impress me causes them to be rough or not mindful of my pleasure. My mother always sucks my dick slowly, sensually, and lovingly. She's never in a hurry, and I enjoy every minute.
Tonight, we performed oral sex on each other for twenty wonderful minutes. I started slowly and bought her along until she was close to orgasming. Then backed off and repeated the process over and over again. She did the same to me, varying her technique so it never got old.
We cycled through a few P-in-the V positions, taking our time. When I banged her from behind I said, "Did you notice Sandy and I spying on you and Stuart when you were having sex in the living room?"
"No."
"We were quiet and had the front door open just enough to look inside. Sandy was mesmerized. The angle we had allowed her to see her father's dick go in and out of you. It was hot."
"Glad you enjoyed it. Is that how you want to finish?"
"No. I want you on top of me, riding my cock while I play with your fabulous tits. I mentioned it because when we got to my room, Sandy had me fuck her in the same position."
"She definitely has daddy issues. We need to get them in the same room. I liked your suggestion of girl-on-top. Lay down."
Mother mounted me. I kissed and caressed her breasts and pulled and pinched her nipples while she rode me. It ended well, very well, for both of us.
^^^
Around nine a.m. I called Sandy and said, "Hey."
"Hey," she responded. From the tone of her voice, I pictured her smiling, and I imagined that she was glad that I had called.
"Want to go to Gunnison with me?"
"Sure."
"Is it okay if my grandmother and sister join us?"
"Sure."
^^^
My mother called Stuart and made a beach date with him. He drove, and she provided the directions. When he saw the sign warning of possible nudity ahead, he asked, "Are you taking me to a nude beach?"
"Yes. Is that a problem?" she asked as she undid her top and flashed her tits.
"No." He smiled broadly and added, "It sounds like fun."
They undressed, and my mother led him through the mass of naked bodies. He was so busy looking in at the exposed boobs and butts that he didn't realize she had led him to our spot until he saw Sandy sunbathing naked on her back with her legs spread, airing out her pussy.
He called out in surprise, "Sandy?"
"Dad? What are you doing here?" she said, sitting up quickly. She snapped her legs shut and put both arms over her bare breasts.
"Marie invited me," he responded. His tone grew sharper when he said, "Young lady, what are you doing at a nudist beach?"
Grandmother stepped between them and said, "Everyone, take a breath. We are all here because we like being in the sun free from the confines of textiles. This beach is a beautiful place to relax, be free, and be ourselves. We can commune with nature and like-minded people who enjoy the feel of the sun, the ocean, and the wind on their skin.
"Is that why you're here, Stuart?" Grandma asked.
"Yes."
"And you, Sandy?" Grandmother asked.
"Yes. Originally, I came here to reduce my anxiety over speaking and performing in the Miss America pageant. I figured if I could be comfortable in public naked, then being judged wearing an evening gown and a swimsuit would be a piece of cake. It's worked. I am more self-confident and less self-critical of my body."
"Dad, your daughter sounds like a great young woman. Smart, mature, confident, and beautiful. That's a child to be proud of," my grandmother said. "You must have raised her right. Do you have the same confidence? Can you share a beach blanket with this wonderful woman?"
"Ah. Ah. Yes. Sure."
"Then we will have a lovely time at the beach," Grandmother predicted.
For most people, after a while, you no longer notice that people are naked. You're acclimated to the nudity. You still see your sister's pussy and your mom's breasts; however, the sighting doesn't shock you. Instead of your brain screaming, 'Those are your mother's tits!' like it did the first few times you see them, you think, "This is my mother', and you can have a conversation with her.
Stuart and Sandy had that moment, and they looked to be comfortable being naked with us, and the people on the beach. They could sunbathe, swim, and have a normal conversation with us; however, they were restless and on edge around each other.
An hour after Stuart joined our group, Grandma whispered to me, "The way that Stuart and Sandy are acting reminds me of a play I saw a long time ago. It was written by Tennessee Williams, "The Cat on the Hot Tin Roof'. There was a sexually frustrated woman named Maggie in the play who tries to seduce her distant husband. They are acting the way Maggie did seductive, vulnerable, and longing to be loved.
"Stuart and Sandy are giving off the same edgy, restless, vibe full of sexual tension."
"Mom thinks that Sandy is sexually attracted to her father," I said. "She and I accidentally saw Mom and Stuart have sex, and it riled her up. She was, to continue with your cat analogy, like a cat in heat when she was with me in bed."
"Are you two seeing this," my mother said, joining our group. "Sandy and Stuart are hot for each other."
"We were discussing that," Grandmother said. "I was telling Eric that Sandy reminded me of 'Maggie' from "The Cat on the Hot Tin Roof"."
"Exactly," my mother agreed. "We need to help them hook up. I have an idea..." She shared her plan.
We did the things we usually did at the beach. We talked, sunbathed, and horsed around in the ocean. All the while, there was an undercurrent of unspoken desire between Stuart and Sandy.
Angie was hit on by a pair of good-looking brothers. She brought them over and introduced Derek and David to us. They joined our group, and Angie flirted with both of them. They flirted back and knew they would bed her.
As we packed up to leave, plans were made for a party at our house. Angie gave Derek and David our address.
^^^
Everyone showed up at the appointed time freshly showered and wearing clean, crisp clothes. The women in my clan were beautifully made up, braless, and wearing revealing tops.
The women whisked Sandy away when she arrived. The next time I saw her, she was braless and had more buttons than usual undone on her sheer blouse. The men didn't know where to look: at her magnificence cleavage or her hard, dark nipples, which were visibly through the transparent top.
I brought Sandy a drink and said, "You ladies are playing a dangerous game, taunting us with your braless breasts. All the men are lusting after all of you."
"Good. Our plan is working. We want to be laid tonight!"
As most people were finishing their second drink, Mother said, "We will be playing a drinking game. Is everyone in?"
The crowd cheered affirmatively.
"Down a shot!" she shouted.
Grandmother bought out a tray of shot glasses. Sandy filled them, and everyone drank.
"Do another!" my mother demanded.
"Men, if you want us to take our tops off, drink a shot," Marie said.
Of course, we want to see some tits. All the men drank.
"Women, if you want to see the men without their shirts, drink a shot."
The women downed the alcohol, and the party continued. Everyone enjoyed the eye-candy. Randomly, the party-master, my mother, would have everyone drink or remove an article of clothing. It wasn't long before everyone was naked and drunk.
Mother had everyone dance and rub up on one another. The men got erections. Mother lined us up and said, "Women, grab, squeeze, and stroke all cocks. No one is exempted due to familial ties."
My sister smiled as she squeezed and stroked my cock.
Sandy's hand shook, and she hesitated as she reached for her father's cock. My grandmother leaned in and said, "It's just a game. Go on and do it. Look, Angie is touching Eric's cock. I will touch all the men, my grandson included. It's just for fun."
Sandy grasped her father's penis, and they locked eyes.
After running the gauntlet, so to speak, the women drank a shot. Then, the women were lined up, and the men gave each woman a kiss, caressed their breasts, and sucked on a nipple. All men did all women. Sandy and Stuart blushed when he touched her boob. He didn't suck her tit as the rest of us did. He gave it a quick kiss.
We took it further under my mother's guidance. She said, "Ladies, line up and kneel on the floor." They did. Angie was first, then my grandmother, Sandy, and my mother.
"Guys, line up," she said.
We did. Derek was first in line, and he stood in front of Angie. David was second in line, waiting his turn.
"Walk the line, gentleman. Women, take their penises into your mouth and suck each for fifteen seconds. Go!"
Angie eagerly grabbed Derek's member and sucked. The guys counted, and at fifteen, Derek moved on to my grandmother and happily shoved his prick into her sixty-year-old mouth while David put his cock into my sister's mouth.
The men counted off and moved on. With all the counting and cheering, the progression couldn't be stopped. The assembly line moved on. Derek, and all of us, got our dicks sucked by all the women. I saw Stuart was less nervous as he presented his dick to his daughter. She seemed more at ease too. She smiled and sucked his cock.
"Again!" my mother shouted when she finished with Derek. The women laughed, the men roared their approval, and we went down the line a second time. Stuart smiled when he got to his daughter. She smiled and popped his cock into her mouth. She stared up at him with bright eyes as she serviced him.
After the second go-round, we all laughed and drank.
"When do we get a turn?" Angie asked. "It's only fair that they eat us."
My mother had all the women sit on the sofa. She perched her ass on the cushioned armrest. "All right guys, you know what to do. Eric, kneel in front of Sandy. Stuart, you're with me. Derek, you're with Dawn, and David, you start with Angie.
"Lick our pussies for thirty seconds and move on to the next one at my call."
"Go!" she shouted.
The men shoved their heads between the ladies' legs. We rooted around their vaginas and got a snootful of nectar. The women laughed and pulled our heads to their honeypots. I don't think my mother accurately kept time. Each woman was diligently taken care of. I heard many moans of pleasure.
We moved on on command. I heard later from my mother that when Stuart was between his daughter's legs he studied her pussy, and looked up questioningly at his daughter. She was tense, gave him a tight smile, and lied saying "It's just a game." She pulled his head to her crotch, and sighed and moaned loudly as her father's tongue found her sex.
Mother made that a very long turn. She said it was because David was doing such a good job sucking her clit. I was busy enjoying my grandmother's cooze.
"Ohhh!" Angie cried out and came on Derek's tongue. Then they all cried out and orgasmed. Sandy's was the loudest shriek.
We took a break and got another drink.
"Does everyone want to continue?" my mother asked.
"Hell, yeah!" Derek shouted.
David, Stuart, and I answered in a similar vein. Mother gave the women a questioning look. They all knew that if they agreed, they'd be fucked.
"Hell, yeah!" Grandmother shouted.
"I"m ready for some cock," Angie shouted. Her voice was slurred, and the grin on her face was crooked.
Sandy nodded.
"Then, the game continues!" my mother shouted. "Ladies, stand up by the sofa and bend over. Guys, same partners as last time. Fuck us good and move on my command."
She gave us a moment to get into position and said, "Go!"
Her command was followed by four thrusts and eight moans of "Ohhhh."
I slid in and out of Sandy and watched the guys take their woman. I high-fived with the guys on either side of me.
After a few minutes, Mother shouted, and we moved. My grandmother's pussy felt just as warm and sweet as Sandy's.
The third time Mother told us to switch partners, I was behind her, and Stuart was scheduled for Sandy. I slid my cock into my mother and heard her groan of approval. I leaned down and whispered into her ear, "Do you think Stuart and Sandy will have sex?"
"Absolutely."
We watched as he stood behind his daughter, caressing her ass. She looked over her shoulder and said softly, "Please."
He nodded and slid his rod inside her. They both gasped and moaned.
"She's loving it," my mother said.
"Oh! Oh! Ohh!" Sandy moaned loudly.
I slammed my dick into my mother, groped a tit, and whispered, "She is loving it. Look at his face. He is too."
My mother giggled and said, "Listen to her moan. She is passed caring whether anyone knows how much she is enjoying her father's dick."
Stuart and Sandy set the pace for everyone. We listened to them moan and matched him stroke for stroke.
"OHHH! OHHHHHH!" Sandy cried out and came.
We all soon followed. The men slumped on the women.
After enjoying our orgasms, we pulled apart. Sandy rushed out of the room. The other women followed her into the bathroom. My mother told me what happened next.
She said that Sandy was peeing and sobbing when Angie, Grandmother and my mother burst into the room.
"I'm a horrible person!" Sandy shrieked. "I had sex with my dad and loved it!"
They went to her, hugged, and downplayed her fears telling her she wasn't a horrible person. She stopped peeing, wiped, and flushed. As she stood, the three women hugged her and wiped away her tears.
My grandmother said, "Sandy, there is nothing wrong with you. You're not evil or wicked."
"It was sex. Just sex," Angie explained.
"Horrible people are selfish, uncaring, and they abuse you verbally and physically. Does that sound like your dad? That's not the Stuart I know and cared about," my mother said.
"No. He's not bad or mean or any of those other things."
"He's a good person, and that's why you admire him and love him," my grandmother said.
"You had a huge orgasm," Mother said, 'because you love and trust him, and he is a caring, considerate, experienced lover."
"Yes. Your father has a good cock, and he knows how to use it," Angie explained. "So, of course, you enjoyed fucking him. Any woman would."
"Sometimes a cock is just a cock," Grandmother said. "I adore having sex with Eric because he has a big, thick one."
"What they said is true," Marie said, "but sex can be more than parts rubbing on parts. What elevates good sex to great sex is doing it with some you love. Eric has a great cock, and the icing on the cake is he's nice and isn't out just for his pleasure. He makes sure you have a good time too."
She looked into the young woman's eyes and said, "That's why you enjoyed being with Stuart. He's handsome, nice, and kind. You respect and love him as a person. And then the two of you have sex. Your pleasure increases exponentially because of the relationship you have and the skills he has."
Mother stroked the pretty woman's chestnut hair and said, "Wash your face. Give us a second to pee and clean up, and we will all go out to the boys, and you'll see nothing but love and admiration in your father's eyes."
"Okay," Sandy said, and she rubbed her nose and sniffled loudly,
We were drinking and arguing over which college had the best football team when the women walked into the living room. We stopped talking and smiled. I'm sure we were all recalling the great sex we had. At least that was what I was doing.
I saw that Sandy was tense. She looked furtively at her father. I looked at Stuart and saw that he was ill at ease. I suspected they were both nervous and embarrassed about having sex with each other.
I rushed over to my mother and said, "This evening was kick-ass. Right, guys?"
Derek and David affirmed my description loudly and enthusiastically.
I kissed my mother on the lips and said, "Mom, Grandma, and sister. I love you, and I'm so happy we are comfortable expressing it in word and deed. You are great fucks. I want you in my life and in my bed for always."
The three women I addressed hugged me and said they felt the same way.
Stuart went to Sandy, took her hands in his, and said, "I love you. I will always love you, and I don't regret one thing we did tonight."
They hugged, and tears spilled out of Sandy and Stuart's eyes. She said, "Me too."
The End?
p.s. Is that enough? I have the feeling that Eric's adventure could go on and on. If you give me a good scenario, maybe I could write another chapter.