"I can't believe I did that," I told Brandon, my husband.
"Ashley, relax. It's not like he's going to fire you just because you sent some silly email." He said, trying to reassure me. Brandon might have been correct if I worked at a normal job.
"It's just that my boss is super old school and strict. I think he's super religious and conservative and I sent him that stupid, dirty email to him by mistake. He left a note on my desk to see him first thing in the morning."
"Well, the best you can do now is apologize and tell him it won't happen again." Brandon said.
"Yeah..." I replied. I guess that's what I had to do. I'd beg if necessary. We couldn't afford for me to lose this job right now. Brandon and I had only been married a few months. We just bought a house together and we're paying off tons of student debt.
My mood was somber the following morning as I got ready and headed to work. Before I got out of my car, I pulled out the note. It was certainly to the point.
Ashley,
We need to discuss your unprofessional email and your future here. Report to my office tomorrow morning at 7:30am.
Mr. Robert Abrams
Walking into the office, I couldn't help but notice how quiet it was. I had never been in the office so early. After putting my purse on my desk, I walked to Mr Abrams' office. I took a deep breath and knocked.
Mr Abrams' commanding voice came from his office. "Ashley, come in please and close the door behind you."
Stepping through the door, the air in the office seemed cold. Or maybe what I sensed was Mr Abrams' icy stare. He was silent as I walked in and sat down on a chair in front of his desk. He was a man in his late 30s, maybe early 40s. His hair had grayed around his temples, but he didn't look old. He was still attractive and probably worked out regularly to maintain his physique.
Several uncomfortable seconds of silence compelled me to speak up. "Um, Mr Abrams. I am so sorry about the email. That email should have gone to Meghan. I would never send you something like that intentionally. I'm so embarrassed about-"
Mr Abrams held up a hand, cutting me off. "Speaking out of turn is not a good way to start this conversion, Ashley. It shocked me you would send something so unprofessional, I don't care who you meant to send that to. Yesterday, I was ready to let you go."
Tears filled my eyes. I struggled to not cry.
Again, holding up his hand, Mr Abrams continued. "Now I'm a faithful man and I believe in redemption. Still, I cannot condone sinful behavior in my business. Everyone makes mistakes, but mistakes of this nature must be punished so that they are not repeated. I understand this is unorthodox, but I'm a firm believer of physical reinforcement."
Wiping my tears away, I asked in confusion, "reinforcement sir?"
"I'm speaking of spanking. If you would rather take your leave, fine. Otherwise, you take your punishment and we can move past your transgression."
I nodded. "Yes sir. I'd like to stay." I felt uncomfortable, but I wasn't sure what to do. I'm a grown woman, 23 years old, and this man was going to spank me? What would Brandon think? It didn't matter. I just had to get through this.
Mr Abrams stood and walked around his desk. He motioned for me to stand up. I did so and moved to the side. He took my place in the chair.
"Lay across my lap."
I laid myself across his lap as instructed.
He raised his hand and brought it down. Smack! Smack!
Mr Abrams seemed frustrated by the material of my skirt. As if the material was interfering with his spanking. Without a word, he lifted my skirt and folded over my back.
Smack! Smack! I felt the sting of pain as his strong hand came down on me, but after only a couple more slaps, Mr Abrams paused again. He said nothing, but let out a frustrated sigh. Then he slipped a finger between my butt cheeks and hooked a finger around my thong tugging at it. I let out an audible gasp at the shocking personal intrusion.
"Is this a thong?"
"Um, yes..."
"This is hardly appropriate attire for work. Remove them." Mr Abrams commanded.
After only a momentary hesitation, I started to push off his lap.
Mr Abrams sighed again. "No need to get off my lap, just stay where you are and get on it with it."
With my tummy still laying on Mr Abrams' thighs, I reached down and hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my thong. I pushed them down, but it was awkward since I was still on his lap. I had to lift my feet from the floor and spread my leg to the side to pull them off from my position. This exposed my pussy. I tried to hurry up and pull them off quickly to limit my exposure, but that only caused me to lose my balance. I had to pause to regain my balance, prolonging my exposure. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, I had my thong off. I immediately snapped my legs tightly back together. I was almost a zombie, listening to his commands. Yes, I could have refused, but felt completely under Mr Abrams' control. His control over me was so humiliating, I couldn't believe that I just pulled off my panties while on my boss's lap. And that he had just seen my bare pussy!
Smack! Mr Abrams resumed spanking my bare ass. I felt so powerless, so exposed, and oddly enough, I felt a little turned on. Feeling wetness develop between my legs, it forced me to press my thighs together even tighter.
Smack! Smack! "That will do, you can get up now Ashley." Getting back off of Mr Abrams lap, my skirt came to rest, covering my nakedness once more. I picked my panties up off the floor, Mr. Abrams reached out his hand. "I'll be taking those. I will not have one of my employees wear something so inappropriate in my office."
"Yes sir, Mr Abrams." I replied, handing him my panties.
"See that this doesn't have to be repeated."
"Yes, Mr Abrams."
I felt so self-conscious returning to my desk, not wearing any panties. I kept to myself the best I could for the rest of the day.
I was even on edge at home. I felt like I did the right thing to keep my job, but I worried Brandon would be angry at my boss. Of course he asked about it first thing that night, "How did your talk with your boss go? Were you in much trouble?"
"Um, it was ok. He was mad, but we've moved on now and I still have a job."
"I told you Ashley, nothing to worry about." Branson said, kissing my head. "Sometimes you've just got to throw yourself at their mercy and roll with the punches."
"Or spanks." I muttered.
"What was that babe?" Brandon asked.
"Oh nothing, how was your day?" I just nodded along as Brandon spoke, not even listening. The following morning, I knew I'd be facing Mr. Abrams again. He now knew what my pussy looked like, and he had spanked me. It was embarrassing simply thinking of facing him again. Whatever, I thought, it was in the past and I would just need to put it behind me.
In the morning I spent the first hour replaying the previous day in my head. I had finally begun to focus on my work and got up to use the restroom.
As I walked back to my desk, I passed Mr Abram's office and he called to me, "Ashley."
I poked my head into his office. "Yes, Mr Abrams?"
"Please come in and close the door behind you."
My heart raced as I closed his door and approached Mr Abrams' desk.
"After yesterday I feel compelled to perform an inspection to ensure you dressed appropriately today."
I was a little concerned. I didn't expect this and wore panties similar to the ones I wore the day before. "Oh, um should I lift my skirt sir?" I asked, averting eye contact. I thought this was over with, and I didn't understand what he meant by inspection.
"No, I want to make sure all you undergarments are appropriate. Doesn't seem like you have the best judgment when it comes to dressing, so you've forced me to check. Simply remove your blouse and skirt and set them on the chair."
Again, I found myself presented with a choice. I could walk out, but I still needed my job. What's more if I walked out now then my embarrassing experience from the day before would have been for nothing. Rationalizing my decision, I considered that a bra and panties covers the same as a bikini. He had seen more of me the day before anyway. I complied with Mr Abrams' instructions. He silently inspected my barely covered body, I was hoping my panties wouldn't elicit the same protest as my other pair.
"Did you except to get away with these provocative under garments?"
"Sorry sir, I wasn't thinking when I put these panties on." Crap, he noticed. I hoped he wouldn't ask me to remove them again.
"And this bra?"
"What about it, Mr Abrams?"
Mr Abrams raised an eyebrow. "Bit of an attitude today, missy? It's a push-up bra. Neither of these are appropriate. Remove both before putting your blouse and skirt back on."
Had he really just told me to get naked? Was my job really worth stripping naked in front of my boss? Mr Abrams had seen a glimpse of my pussy the previous day, but this was different. I would be completely naked. It wouldn't be just a momentary exposure, he'd have time to examine me entirely. No one would blame me for putting the rest of my clothes back on and walking away, but I still needed this job. Besides, part of me felt naturally submissive to Mr Abrams. Almost like I had to comply. I unhooked my bra and let it slip off my shoulders. I stood there, my breasts unsupported, nipples erect from the chilled air. Now I only had my panties. Not wanting to think about it too much, I swiftly pulled them down to the floor and stepped out of them. Mr Abrams took both pieces of clothing and placed them in his desk drawer. As I stood in the middle of Mr Abrams' office stark naked, he walked around me. His gaze moving slowly over every inch of my exposed body. Without warning, his hand snapped up to my right breast, grasping it firmly. My body froze, and I couldn't breathe.
"What's this?" He demanded.
I almost couldn't speak. I was so startled. "You mean my tattoo, sir?" I had a small heart tattooed on the side of my breast. I got it when I was 18, thought it was cute and kind of sexy. I know it was silly, but at least it was small and in an inconspicuous spot.
"It's a shame you'd desecrate your skin in such a way." Mr Abrams' thumb massaged the breast tissue in the area of the tattoo. "I know you can't simply take off this mistake in the same way you removed your inappropriate clothing. But I don't like the idea of you walking into my place of business with a tattoo, even if it's not normally visible. I can let this slide, but you'll need to be punished. Over to my desk, bend over the top."
Was Mr Abrams really holding a tattoo I had in a personal spot that no one should ever see against me? At this point I felt I had already gone this far not to see it through. I slowly walked to his desk and bent over. I folded my arms under my heads and rested my torso on his desk.
This was even more embarrassing than last time. I was completely naked and the way I was bent over Mr Abrams undoubtedly could clearly see my pussy and probably butt hole too. I wasn't sure I had ever been this exposed, not even to my husband!
Mr Abrams didn't start spanking me right away. I assumed he was staring at me. He kept me in this position for at least two long minutes before he said anything. Totally exposed and with him out of my line of sight, I felt powerless and humiliated.
"Ashley, I'm going to spank you four times. I'd like you to count out loud as I do each one."
"Yes sir, Mr Abrams." I replied.
Then, smack! I felt the sting of the first spank. "One."
Smack! "Two..." My embarrassment increased as I started feeling turned on. I couldn't hold my thighs together like last time. I worried that Mr Abrams might see that I was getting wet.
Smack! "Mmm.. Three.." Had I really just let out a pleasure moan? I was mortified! I hoped Mr Abrams didn't notice.
Smack! "Ohh! Four.." That time I moaned so loudly I knew Mr Abrams must have heard it. Luckily, this was the end of it.
When Mr Abrams finished his spanking, I expected that he'd remove his hand from my backside, but he left it resting on my naked ass. "Now I'm hoping you won't make me repeat this punishment again. Let's make sure I don't find anything else unprofessional during my future inspections." Instead of just pulling his hand away from my ass, he slid it off. I felt his hand barely graze my exposed pussy. It made my body tremble. I had to wonder if he realized he just touched it, and if he had noticed how wet I'd become.
"You may put your clothes back on and return to work." Mr Abrams said firmly.
I was sitting back at my desk before it sunk in that he had said future inspections. Was this going to become a regular thing?
Luckily, the rest of the week I did not need to get naked, nor did I get spanked. However, I did have to strip to my bra and panties every day. By the weekend I was burnt out. I partied, because I needed the release, unfortunately this also meant I neglected laundry. Not only that, but I slept late on Monday and had to rush to get ready and to work. I never even stopped to consider Mr Abrams' possible objections as I got dressed.
Once again, as had become the standard, I was summoned to Mr Abrams' office in the morning. He promptly instructed me to strip down to my bra and panties. It was only then I realized what I had chosen was going to be too inappropriate by his standards, but there was nothing I could do about it now.
"Well, Ashley." Mr Abrams shook his head. "It seems you just don't understand how to choose professional under garments. Take those off and in the future don't even bother wearing any."
"Yes, sir," I replied, slowly removing my final shreds of clothing once more.
Standing stark naked in my Boss's office, I had goosebumps as he circled me, invading my privacy with his eyes. He stopped in front of me, looking down. I gasped hard when I felt his fingers touch right above my slit.
"I don't understand the obsession some women have with removing all of their pubic hair." Mr Abrams mused as his fingers grazed the top part of my vulva. "Though I suppose there is something more effeminate about it." He continued walking around me, dragging his fingers on my skin. As if he was inspecting with his hands in addition to his eyes. Reaching my backside, he gently spread my buttcheeks, like he was looking for something. What in the world was he expecting to find? Finally, he seemed satisfied with his inspection and took his hand away from my body. "I'm happy to see no new tattoos. Once we've completed your punishment, you can return to work. To my desk young miss."
Bending over his desk, I was nervous, last time hand Abrams spanked me I was aroused and I worried it might happen again. Don't get me wrong, I was thoroughly embarrassed and would have loved to get my clothes back on, but for a reason I could not explain, the combination of humiliation and submission was a turn on.
"This time I will spank you five times. Again you will count each one out loud."
"Yes si-" I was cut off by a firm slap of his hand. I struggled to get my composure after being caught off guard. "Uh um, one."
Mr Abrams continued. By the time we reached five, my body was thoroughly aroused. In fact, I was so wet I felt some moisture drip down my thigh. Mr Abrams released a frustrated sigh. "The point of this is punishment. It isn't working if you are enjoying yourself."
"Mr Abrams I.. ah!" My body tensed when his hand moved between my legs.
"Are you seriously wet Ashley?" Mr Abrams asked aggressively, his fingers now moving between my wet pussy lips and going over my clit and vaginal opening. "Why are you aroused?" I don't think he intended to do so, but his fingers were exploring so aggressively and I was so wet that a finger slipped into my vagina.
I reached a point of overstimulation, my mind went blank, eyes snapped shut, my legs trembled, all the air escalated my lungs in a powerful moan, and my vagina clamped down hard on Mr Abram's finger. Unbelievably, I was experiencing the biggest orgasm of my life. I had never experienced anything remotely close to that, even with my husband.
Once it subsided, Mr Abrams fell back into the chair in front of his desk, seemingly in shock. I tried to focus and regain control of my body. I was so humiliated, I just had the most personal experience possible right in front of my boss.
Finally, I pushed off the desk so I could turn around and try to regain some dignity, but my legs were still weak. I stumbled toward Mr Abrams. I reached out to stabilize myself. Not realizing what I was doing, my hand came to rest on his crotch. I could feel a very large and erect penis through his pants. I jerked my hand back the moment I realized what I was doing. I was now on my knees, still naked and looking up at a dismayed Mr Abrams sitting in front of me. "Oh my god! I'm so sorry Mr Abrams! I didn't mean to touch your penis!"
"Now you've pulled me into your lewd behavior!"
"Oh no! I swear I won't tell anyone about your erection, Mr Abrams!"
Mr Abrams held up his hand. "I only am in this condition, because of your lack of control. It's your fault my body is reacting this way! You forced my hand with your initial behavior, so I had no choice but to spank you and see you nude. And now becoming aroused and having an orgasm in front of me? Men are designed by God and nature to be lustful. There was no way for me not to become erect."
"I'm sorry! Please, even if it takes being spanked again, I really can't lose my job!" I couldn't believe myself. I was actually letting Mr Abrams place the blame on me! But, I wasn't really thinking clearly. I was still turned on. Honestly, in that moment, I wanted him to punish me further. "I'll do whatever it takes to fix this Mr Abrams, I swear!"
"Spanking you won't fix this." Mr Abrams said motioning downward.
"Oh," I replied. I moved my hand back to his bulge. "Maybe I can help fix it another way?" I asked weakly.
Mr Abrams grabbed my wrist. "Are you certain you are prepared to take care of this problem you caused?"
I simply nodded.
"Very well." Mr Abrams stood up. He lifted me and bent me back over his desk. "Biblically there is only one way that is acceptable to satisfy a man's arousal." Upon hearing Mr Abrams unbuckle his belt, I realized he intended to have sex with me. In an instant, a million thoughts went through my mind. Should I leave? Would this mean I was cheating on Brandon, my husband? Did I want to do this? Ultimately, I didn't move or object, but I did glance back. I wanted to at least see Mr Abram' penis before he entered me. I let out a small gasp as it came into view. He was definitely bigger than my husband, probably two or three inches longer and a lot bigger around. "Eyes forward missy, you should not be facing a man during the act if you are not married to him."
I lowered my head back on Mr Abrams' desk, feeling somewhat nervous. Was his larger size going to hurt? Then it had occurred to me he wasn't wearing any protection. "Excuse me sir, but shouldn't we get a condom?"
"Young lady, the last thing you want to do is pile on top of your existing sins. Prophylactics are sinful and unnatural." He sternly replied.
Brandon and I had never even had sex without a condom, ever. My nervousness increased, but before I had a chance to brace myself, I felt the thick tip of Mr Abrams' penis violate my opening. "Oh my!" I gasped. He pressed forward and several more inches entered me. I quickly realized my concerns about his size were unfounded. I felt an immense amount of pressure and friction as my vagina stretched around his thick cock. There was discomfort, but not pain. In fact, it felt amazing! I'm sure I was so wet and so aroused that it helped it slide in, and with him bare, I think it naturally was more comfortable. It was such a tight fit that I could feel every feature of his cock, the veins, the shape of the head of his cock, I felt all of it. My husband's dick never hit like this, not even close. My husband.. My thoughts drifted to him only briefly. I didn't feel guilty though. It felt so good that there was no way it wasn't right.
Mr Abrams began pumping his cock. It was so thick that each motion in caused my body to shift from the force. Only his firm grip on my hips kept me from sliding over his desk. "Get ready, I'm giving you the rest of it." He stated in a strong voice.
That wasn't the whole thing? Mr Abrams was so much bigger than I was used to that I assumed he already had gone all the way in. Then it happened. He thrust himself completely inside me. "Oh my god!" I yelled. It hurt at first, but the pain passed quickly. I couldn't believe the feeling of fullness. It was amazing. In record time, I was cumming. I usually never got off from penetration. Mr Abrams did not pause or even slow down. He just kept fucking me hard. I rolled into orgasm after orgasm. I lost count of how many times I got off.
I felt Mr Abrams pick up speed and tighten his grip on my hips. He grunted and pushed his full length in one last time, I felt warmth against my cervix as he filled me with cum. It was the first time a man came in me without a condom, and I loved the feeling. Mr Abrams held himself inside me until he finished cumming, when he pulled out I felt so empty. In fact, I immediately missed having him inside of me.
"Ashley, you may get dressed and return to work." Mr Abrams said, himself getting dressed.
"Yes sir." I replied. Honestly, I was sad it was over. I quietly dressed myself and walked to the door of his office.
Before I could reach the door handle, Mr Abrams, now sitting behind his desk said one last thing. He didn't even look up from his desk as he spoke. "You know Ashley, this day has made it clear that you will need continued close supervision. I expect you to report to my office each morning and undress promptly without being told. I can then perform any needed inspections and apply any needed punishments." Finally, he turned his gaze from his desk to me and continued. "And I recommend starting a little early. I have a feeling, being as mischievous as you are, that you will make me have more problems, which will be your responsibility to fix." A small smile formed on his face.
Smiling from ear to ear myself, I responded, "Yes sir, Mr Abrams!"