She was alone in a new city full of exciting possibilities and had dressed appropriately in a form-fitting white satin knee-length dress with spaghetti straps. She was five foot five, small, yet devastatingly curvy, 8G firm natural breasts, full hips and ass, shapely legs, long platinum blonde hair and milky pale skin. She was beautiful and she knew it, she played up on it, affected shyness to manipulate and control. She had big blue eyes that could make men and women do anything she wanted. And she intended to use that skill tonight. She slipped into strappy stilettos and put a little gloss on her large lips - no lipstick tonight, she wanted her lips to look wet, suggestive, fuckable. It was a warm night and she was not wearing panties, her freshly waxed cunt enjoying the silky caress of her dress as she caught the hotel elevator down to the lobby and walked outside into the night.
She caught a taxi to a bar that looked sleazy enough and entered, ordering a Pellegrino and lime, taking some stuff to sharpen her mind but not to make her dumb or dopey and eyed the talent. She was picky, she only liked tall and well-built men and men who were arrogant, smart and well-dressed. The short, the skinny and the ones in t-shirts and flip-flops were eliminated and she sighed, leaning against the timber bar and stirring her drink with her straw. They all stared hungrily at her and she sipped her drink, used to the attention and bored. She wouldn't invest too heavily in this place, she would move on if nothing caught her eye soon - maybe go someplace more upmarket. However, suddenly, there was a disturbance at the door and she saw a tall man with an entourage, he was huge, all shoulders, shaved head and she realised he was the UFC heavyweight champion. She recalls his last fights, his dominance, his fast finishes and rippling thick muscle and wetness hit her pussy like a thunderbolt. She had to have him.
He was well-educated, American and was in the city for an exhibition fight. His face was square-jawed, wide and his eyes intense, black and framed by thick brows. He was undeniably an Alpha Male, worthy of her lust and the type to grab a beauty like her by the hair and drag her back to his cave to fuck her senseless. She shifted on her feet, moisture trickling down her inner thighs and her arousal becoming almost uncomfortable. She had to control herself and bag the prize.
Their eyes met across the room and he held her gaze. Tapping into her own arrogance, she waggled her finger at him and he obeyed, leaving his entourage to walk over. She smiled. She loved American men, they found her so charming. "Hello, champ," she said, placing her hand on his muscular forearm and watched him take his time to drink in how tight her dress was and how little it left to the imagination. "I'm glad you came in. I was getting bored and I was just about to leave."
His breath caught in his throat. She could smell his Chanel aftershave mingling with his amazing masculine scent and visualised his gorgeous body underneath his well-tailored Armani suit. He put his other hand on her hip and she felt his warmth through the thin satin. "How about we leave together? I have a Lamborghini. We can have our own party."
She agreed and they left, him guiding her down a bluestone alley to a hot yellow supercar and then, without warning, he pushed her against it, kissing her hard. Between the surprise, his extra weight overpowering her and her heels, she slipped onto the bonnet and her legs opened, him slipping in between, his tongue entering her mouth and his hands grabbing at her breasts and then, going lower, up her dress and discovering her bare pussy. He moaned, pushing his huge hard cock into her leg as he fingered her wet slit and clitoris, kissing her throat. "I want you so badly," she said and he clamped a hand over her mouth, upping the intensity of his motions, waves of pleasure overtaking her body until she succumbed to a mindblowing orgasm.
Stunned, she lay there, staring at the stars, staring into his broad handsome face, her dress still up, the night air still cool on her hot cunt and then he undid his pants, his huge thick cock springing out. He moved his hand and kissed her mouth, opening her legs hard, exposing her pussy further, he put his mouth on her clit now, licking and sucking her to another incredible orgasm. She screamed, the sound echoing off the surrounding walls and he stood up abruptly. "I'm going to punish you for that," he said and pinned her onto the bonnet hard, entering her swollen wet pussy with his huge vicious cock. She let out another cry, his cock was huge and she almost came as it entered her. With each hard thrust, she let out a little scream as the pleasure ripped through her and then, when it became too much, she had another shattering orgasm and grabbed his arms as they pinned her, digging her long nails.
For a second, in her dazed state, she realised, he's fucking me in an alleyway on a bright yellow sports-car! Anyone walking past the street intersecting would have noticed. But that just added to the excitement and she envisioned a crowd, much like the ones at UFC fights, viewing this magnificent huge muscular man fucking her brains out on a supercar in an alleyway and lost control again, screaming like an animal as she came on his huge pumping cock. He stopped and pulled out. "No," she gasped but he grabbed her by the hair and pushed her down to her knees. The bluestone tore at her bare knees and he forced his huge cock into her mouth, fucking her face and she had no choice but to take it. She loved to deep throat and showcased her skills, making him groan and arch his back, leaning against the Lamborghini as he surrendered himself to her.
She thought, with satisfaction, I'm going to make him come with my mouth and swallow his cum, but then again, without verbal warning, his hand pulled her by the hair to her feet and slammed her hard, face first, onto the bonnet. Her face hit the steel and dazed, she tried to get away from the strong hands pinning her face down but it was futile, she was so small and he was so huge and strong. She felt wetness in her asshole and realised he was licking her ass and she squealed, trying to squirm. She knew what was coming and when his huge moist cock burrowed into her tight little asshole, she cried out. He grabbed a handful of her hair and whispered in her ear, "And I thought your cunt was tight."
Buried in her ass, she felt him fumbling with her wrists and realised he was binding them with his tie. "Now you're not going anywhere," he said, thrusting a little and she moaned, squirming under him, her legs uselessly stuck out underneath him. His hand went underneath her and found her clit, playing with his thumb and then, two fingers entered her cunt and fucked her. Her ass full of cock and her pussy full of his fingers, she writhed in ecstasy and he resumed his thrusts, groaning. When she came, she saw bright lights explode before her eyes and the orgasm was too much to bear. She screamed as it tore through her and then another one came as he upped the ante on his ass punishment, hammering his cock relentlessly into her tiny asshole. With a growl, he came and pushed down hard into her, falling on top of her. She moaned, tingling and spent from the orgasms and he said into her ear, cock still in her ass, "Party is only beginning, honey - unlike most guys, I don't just come once. But let's drive somewhere a bit more scenic..."