My name is Laura. I'm 5'3", light skinned and blonde, lean with muscle definition. I am married to a white man named James but also have a secret latin lover named Ramoñ. Ramoñ loves when I behave like a whore. He eggs it on and wants to hear about all the sexual adventures I have, far from my husband's eyes. Every time I mess around with other men, I send him pictures, video, or audio while I'm doing it, to drive his imagination wild. And then I write the story for him so he knows every detail. These are those stories.
----------
Ramoñ and I had been sleeping together for less than a year, and he had been fantasizing about me being a whore and telling him all about it. I wanted to be a whore for him so badly. I and my friend Carly, freshly divorced, were headed to Vegas for a vacation. I couldn't wait. It was the city of sin and I was ready. I wanted Ramoñ to know I knew how to have a good time.
FRIDAY
Carly and I got to Vegas around 9:30PM. Carly was so keyed up, she was insistent that we were going to be drunk all weekend. I had called this her "divorce party" weekend and she was damn insistent that it was going to be a blowout. We went to the hotel and she pulled a bottle of vodka out of her suitcase. We did celebratory shots, then we put on slutty dresses and heels and makeup. I had on no panties. No bra. Just a little black dress and stiletto heels. We took another shot and then we went out.
First we just walked around. She was enthralled by the lights and all the excessiveness of Vegas. She admitted she had no idea just how ridiculous Vegas is. I told her she has no idea what she's in for. I sent Ramoñ a bunch of pictures of us just out and about. He texted back, telling me to have a good time. "I'm planning on it," I texted back.
Carly and I stopped at a bar. The bar seats were packed and I leaned between two seats to tell the bartender we wanted two Coronas. There was a hispanic guy sitting in one of the chairs and he turned when he heard my order and said, "Want me to buy them for you?"
I figured, why not, he wasn't bad looking and alcohol is expensive in Vegas. I replied, "What's the catch?"
"A dance."
I asked if he had a friend for Carly.
He called over to a friend of his, and the guy came over, introduced himself. It was loud and I couldn't hear his name. My guy bought the beers and we drank as we talked to them for a few minutes. I'd put my guy at at about 5'9 or so, not built, but also not skinny. We were just doing small talk as I drained my beer. I put the cup on the bar, grabbed his hand, and led him to the dance floor.
He immediately grabbed my hips and pulled me into him, grinding himself on me. He was already hard. I could feel his dick on my leg. I put my arms around his shoulders and got into a rhythm. He was panting, rubbing his hands up my back and down again, over my ass, squeezing it hard. I lifted my phone and took a selfie with him, sent it to Ramoñ. I wanted him to know I was getting action.
At one point my guy pushed me away, grabbed my hands, and twisted me around so my ass was on his dick. He ground into me over and over again, his hands on my hips, pulling me into him, and I could hear him panting in my ear. He ran a hand over my stomach and squeezed my breast outside my dress, kissing my neck, and I heard him groan as he ground himself into my ass again.
Then suddenly he groaned again and shuddered. He stopped dancing, pulled me around facing him, grabbed my face, and smashed his lips into mine. He said something that wasn't English but based on his facial expression he was probably calling me a hot piece of ass. Then he dropped his hands to mine, pulled them up, and kissed both my hands. He walked away from the dance floor. I smiled. He must have come in his pants while we were dancing. I couldn't wait to tell Ramoñ.
I found Carly dancing with the guy's friend. We left the bar, went to another one that was outside our hotel. I bought drinks, and we took them out to the dance floor.
Almost immediately, a guy came over. Maybe 5'11 or so, slightly built like a guy who works out regularly and takes care of himself but doesn't drink protein shakes or anything like that. He held out his hand and introduced himself as Matt from Canada, and as I shook his hand, he pulled me into him, wrapped his arm around my waist, and started dancing with me, holding me close.
Matt was somewhere between tipsy and drunk. He would not let go of my waist or hips. It was hard to really dance because he was holding me tightly onto his dick. I was grinding on him and at one point I leaned my head to the side to take another drink of my beer and he started kissing my neck. He was getting pretty aggressive about it and I was a little worried about a hickey because there would be no way to keep that from James when I got home. So I turned my neck back, pushing his head off, and he started kissing me on the lips.
I made out with him for a bit on the dance floor, and I could feel his dick getting harder and harder in his shorts. He grabbed my hand and put it on his dick. I wasn't exactly impressed with the size of it, but I figure that's because I have a history of fucking large dicks. He was probably average size. I rubbed it for a bit but I really had to go to the bathroom and there wasn't one at this bar. So I told him I was going to walk into the casino to use the bathroom and he said he would go too.
I found Carly and told her where I was going. She was dancing with another guy who had grabbed her as soon as I walked off. I went into the casino, used the bathroom. Matt was still in the bathroom when I came out, so I waited for him. When he came out, he immediately came over to me and wrapped his arms around me. We went back to the bar.
The bar closed at 3 AM but Carly and I were still going so we go into Harrah's with Matt and Ken (the guy Carly was with). Matt sat down at a slot machine and pulled me onto his lap and we started making out. Carly and Ken walked off to play craps.
I was making out with Matt and talking to him. He told me he was 34, married for 8 years and has a 2 year old kid but he was in Vegas with a bachelor party. I said I could top it— I've been married for 10 years, have a 3-year-old, and also a lover. His eyes went wide and he said no way was that true. I got out my phone and showed him a picture of James and a picture of Ramoñ. Matt still said no way. So then I said "Watch this," and I took a selfie of the two of us, Matt kissing my neck, and texted it to Ramoñ.
Ramoñ texted back: "I'm guessing you aren't sending those picture to James."
Matt asked who that was.
"My husband."
Then Ramoñ texted that he had a hard on.
"Holy shit. You weren't lying," said Matt.
"Kiss me, I'll show you," I replied.
I sent Ramoñ a selfie of Matt kissing me.
Ramoñ texted back: "Did you tell him you like threesomes?"
Matt read that and immediately started laughing.
"Holy shit, I got a live one!"
I said not quite, and he asked why not. I said I'm only allowed to fuck people Ramoñ approves of and he wasn't quite Ramoñ's style. He laughed and declared that he could never keep up with me. At that point Carly and Ken came back over. She was ready to call it a night. We said bye to our men and went back to the hotel.