Chapter 19
Lights, Camera, Action!
Later that night, Nancy felt someone rubbing her breasts and opened her eyes expecting to see Paul, but instead, it was Jeanne's hand that was fondling her. Seeing that Nancy was awake, Jeanne leaned over and whispered for her to change places and with some awkwardness, the two women switched positions in the middle of the bed so that Jeanne was next to Paul and Nancy was back with Craig. Once they settled in, Jeanne gave Nancy's nipple a hard tweak, kissed her lips delicately, smiled, and rolled over to face Paul.
The movement next to him and bumping bodies woke Paul, but he continued to lie quietly with his eyes still closed. However, Craig was still snoring softly and appeared to be fast asleep. Nancy tried to go back to sleep, but Jeanne's movements next to her proved too distracting. She looked over her shoulder to see her friend scooting farther down the bed until her head was near Paul's crotch.
Jeanne reached out to carefully lift Paul's limp cock out away from his thigh and moved her head closer to kiss and lick it. As soon as he felt the disturbance between his legs, Paul opened his eyes and in the dim light, he watched Jeanne gently lick and kiss around the head of his dick. He moved his hips forward to improve her access to his manhood and she glanced up to see him watching her. Jeanne paused to smile up at him and then resume her delicate sucking and licking around his more sensitive areas.
He closed his eyes and felt the stirring between his legs as his cock responded to her attention. Once she had him fully erect, Jeanne licked and kissed her way up and down the underside of his shaft before moving in closer to suck on each of his balls. She slowly stroked him while sucking on his balls and was careful to keep his excitement in check. Once she finished with his balls, she took time to slowly deep throat his cock a few times and then crawled up on top him.
Jeanne rolled him over on his back and knelt down over his waist to straddle his throbbing pole. Her hand guided him to her waiting pussy and for the second time that night, Paul felt his cock being swallowed by a warm, wet pussy. She then leaned forward to lay herself over his chest and began to move her hips in an slow up and down circular motion. He was content to let her do all the work and thought she was doing a great job. She would move herself from a point where their pubic areas were grinding together to the zenith where just the tip of his cock remained inside the soft folds of her inner delight.
As Nancy watched her husband getting fucked by one of her friends, she felt her own arousal growing. As if on cue, she felt Craig's arm reaching over her chest to fondle her soft breasts and his lips kissing along her neck and shoulder. When he licked and kissed just below and behind her ear, it tickled and sent a shiver through her body. She took his hand and moved it from her breast down to her pubic area and rolled a little more towards him so that he could easily touch her where she wanted.
Craig separated her outer labia with slight difficulty as he tried not to hurt the dry, tender flesh. However, once they separated, he found the inside of her pussy to be quite wet. He carefully fingered her while she continued to watch Jeanne ride Paul in slow motion. Nancy felt Craig's penis stirring behind her and gently pressing up against the crack of her ass and suddenly wanted to feel it inside her pussy again.
She reached behind herself and found his semi-erect penis. She held it between her index finger and thumb, and started stroking just the head to get him fully hard. He intensified his efforts between her legs and heard her breathing quicken. When Nancy decided he was ready, she lifted her upper leg and led his member into her waiting pussy. Craig moved up so that he was right up against the back of her body and let Nancy finish getting his cock into place.
When she was satisfied that he was inside her, Nancy lowered her leg and they lay in a spooning position doing their own slow-motion fuck. Craig resumed fondling and teasing her breasts and nipples while Nancy moved herself back and forth over his shaft and fingered her clit.
Both couples quietly fucked next to each other on the bed without any sense of urgency. Paul and Jeanne would occasionally look over at Nancy and Craig to see how they were doing, but never broke their own rhythm. Not that it was something Paul or Nancy ever kept track of, but as the minutes rolled by, they started becoming convinced that it was the longest fuck either one had ever experienced with someone other than their spouse. The women moved just enough to keep the men hard and in turn, they enjoyed the feeling of having their pussies stuffed for a long time.
Jeanne shifted herself over Paul at various times to either let him suck and kiss her breasts, kiss her mouth, or lay her head back on his chest while his hands massaged and caressed her back. Nancy was content to let Craig pull and twist her nipples as he glided back and forth between her thighs and she masturbated. At one point, she considered having him shift to fuck her ass, but she didn't want to break the action or disturb the overall atmosphere in the bed.
Paul was the first to climax and he could tell from the reduced load that his balls were nearly empty of his cream. Craig was next, followed by Nancy and then Jeanne. When the final orgasm subsided, all four adults lay where they were, still joined with their respective partners and drifted off to sleep. By morning, they had separated again, but Paul and Jeanne were still paired up on one side while Nancy was still with Craig on the other side of the bed. Craig was the first to get up and he padded off to the kitchen to start a pot of coffee for everyone. When he returned, the others were stirring and slowly getting out of bed to join him.
Jeanne went to the bathroom and started the shower sprays before attending to her toilet. She was joined in the shower by the others after they took turns relieving themselves in the toilet room. The morning shower was much different from the previous afternoon. They still spent a lot of time playing and fondling each other as they bathed, but the sex play went no further than that. Paul did have a start when Craig's soapy hand took Paul's cock and stroked it a few times. Paul was shocked and his first reaction was one of revulsion, but later he noticed that his body had started to respond to the pleasurable sensation.
Jeanne offered her guests some robes to wear, but when she wandered down to the kitchen without a stitch of clothing, Paul and Nancy followed suit. By then, Craig was already pouring a cup of coffee for each person and pointed out the cream and sugar on the counter in case anyone needed them. He had also put out plates of various pastries for everyone to enjoy. Nancy wasn't surprised to see him nude as well. He reminded her of Paul in a lot of ways and roaming around the house nude was something Paul always did, especially in the morning.
When she first started spending the night with Paul at his house, she would put on her panties and a large t-shirt before leaving the bedroom. He never said anything to her about what she was wearing and she quickly got over her initial surprise at his casual nudity. Eventually, she decided to remain naked like he did when she got up in the morning and joined him in the kitchen or on the back deck for coffee. She had just gotten used to being nude with him outside of their sexual interactions when her sister Ann and brother-in-law James first visited them and displayed no qualms about removing their clothes in front of her and Paul.
The four adults moved outside with their coffee to enjoy the early morning peace and quiet. Little was said for the first several minutes before Nancy asked Jeanne, "You said you had something special planned for us today?"
Jeanne looked sideways at Craig and grinned over her coffee cup. "Yes, and I'm really hoping you'll like it."
Nancy kept looking at her and waited for more information, but Jeanne remained silent to keep the mystery in place.
Paul spoke up next. "I've never had a night like that before. Do you do that with all your friends?"
"Not all, just the ones we really like," Jeanne replied still grinning widely. Craig nodded his agreement and then paused before speaking up.
"I don't know about you, Paul, but I really enjoyed watching the two girls in bed together."
"Oh, definitely," Paul agreed. "That's the first time I've ever seen Nancy with another woman."
Nancy blushed a little. "Jeanne kinda broke the ice on that at Dana's party, but this was the first time I ever really got into it." Looking at Jeanne, she continued, "And I'm already looking forward to the next time."
Jeanne gave her a shy smile and looked down in modesty. They remained outside until the coffee and pastries were gone and then slowly headed back inside. Jeanne offered to make breakfast, but her guests vigorously declined her hospitality saying that she had already done way too much for them already.
"Just you wait. I'm not done with either of you yet," she promised.
"And exactly when are you planning to share those details with us," Nancy asked with some exasperation.
"Oh, alright. You win. Put your cups down and follow me," Jeanne said. She led them upstairs and to the large finished room over their three-car garage. Nancy and Paul were not surprised to see a king-size bed in the room with plenty of pillows piled on it, but the rest of the furnishings were unexpected. The most prominent were two digital video cameras mounted on tripods. They also noticed two large track rails mounted to the ceiling. One was over the headboard and the other paralleled the footboard.
The rest of the furnishings consisted of several comfortable-looking chairs, an L-shaped sectional sofa in one corner of the room, a large desk with computer workstation set up on it, and a very large flat screen TV which was mounted on the wall opposite the bed and connected to several electronic items on a shelving unit mounted just below it.
"Welcome to our film studio!" Jeanne announced. "One of the things we like to do is help our friends and guests to make a short video of their activities. None of the videos leaves this room unless the people involved want it to. Nearly all of them ask for a DVD with their video to take home, but we don't share videos of others without their explicit permission. "
"There are a couple ways to go about it, if you're interested. One way is to just record yourselves doing what you would normally do, and the other way that a lot of people enjoy is role-playing some scene or fantasy they have in mind. Over the past couple of years, we've managed to build up quite a wardrobe of items and a pretty extensive collection of toys and props to use. Feel free to look through everything and use whatever you want."
Paul and Nancy stood dumbfounded for a moment as they processed what Jeanne had just explained to them. Finally Nancy asked, "How many videos have you guys actually made?"
"I don't know," Jeanne replied. "I don't really keep track of that, but it's easily over a hundred. Hell, Craig and I have probably made twenty just of ourselves!"
Nancy looked up at Paul to gauge his reaction and found him studying her with a similar questioning look on his face. "I don't even know why I'd want to make of video of myself," Nancy commented. "I mean, what would I do with it? I'd be too embarrassed to watch it."
"I'm sure you've seen real porn movies before, but you'd be surprised at how erotic it can be to watch one where you have a starring role," Jeanne said in a cheerful voice. "And don't tell me that only men watch porn because we both know that's not true!" At that moment, Craig came up the stairs and joined the others still standing just inside the studio doorway.
"Looks like Jeanne's given you the fifty-cent tour. What do you guys think?" he asked. "Would you like to make your own video?"
Paul looked at Nancy and saw that she was unsure of how to respond, so he tried to ease some of her concerns. "I'm okay with it, but maybe you could show us what it might look like?"
"Sure! We don't mind sharing any or our videos with you. And I think we even have a couple with some of our friends, and they've told us its okay to let others view it as long as it all stays in here."
Nancy still looked unsure, but agreed to see an example of what they were talking about. Craig went to the computer on the desk and after logging in, he tapped on a few keys, stared at the screen as he scrolled through the file listing, and selected one to play. Before he started it, he used a remote control to start the TV on the wall and then hit another key that showed the computer screen on the TV. While he was doing that, Paul helped Jeanne get things arranged so that everyone could watch the movie from the bed.
"Ready?" Craig asked. Paul and Nancy nodded and Jeanne called out, "Let's go!" He clicked on the "Play" button and moved to join Jeanne on the bed. He and Paul ended up sitting up against the headboard with their wives sitting between their respective husband's legs and leaning back against his chest with a few pillows piled around them. Craig used the remote to adjust the sound level from the TV screen and they all went quiet as the show started.
The video started with a view of a well-dressed, serious young woman sitting behind the desk in the room and who appeared to be working on something on the computer. It took a few seconds, but Nancy recognized her as Mary who hosted the adult "Tupperware" party that she attended with Anne a few months earlier. In the video, Mary was wearing glasses, and her hair was still parted in the middle and tied back in a severe bun that gave her a non-nonsense kind of appearance.
They heard the sound of someone knocking on the door, followed by a door opening and a man's timid voice came from off-screen. "Ms. Smith? You wanted to see me?"
"Yes, I did," Mary said looking up from her computer screen. "Sit down here," she said motioning to a small chair in front of the desk. A man came in that Nancy didn't recognize and Jeanne whispered, "That's her husband."
"I've decided to cut back on our staffing to save money," Mary began in a matter-of-fact voice. "You are one of the employees who is being considered for release. However, before I make that decision, I wanted to let you make a case for why I should fire someone else and keep you."
The view switched to a side view of the desk and the man began speaking. "Well, Ms. Smith, I'm sure that you are aware that I've been with your company almost since you started it and I've always been a team player who takes pride in doing my job well. You even made me Employee of the Year last year. That has to count for something."
"Not really," she replied derisively. "In business, it's all about what can you do for me now, not what you did in the past. These days, I'm not sure what you're doing, so it must not be too important."
"Yes, ma'am," he said with alarm. "It's true that I haven't been given any projects of my own, but I've been a team player helping everyone else and making sure their results meet your satisfaction."
"After reviewing the company's new requirements, I'm afraid that your skill set is no longer relevant. I really don't have much to offer you," she said.
"Please, Ms. Smith. You can't fire me. I have a family to support. What would happen to them if I didn't have a job?"
"Not my problem," she replied coldly.
"Please don't fire me. There's got to be something else I can do. I'd do anything for this company," he pleaded.
Her eyebrow arched up. "Anything?"
"Oh, yes ma'am. Anything!" he pleaded.
Mary looked sternly at him. "Stand up!" she ordered. The man stood up acting confused.
"Remove your clothes!" she told him as she stood up behind her desk.
"What? What do you mean? Why do you want me to take off my clothes?"
"I'm considering you for another position. You have 30 seconds or you're fired," she replied sternly.
He quickly stripped off his clothes and stood up as she came around the desk. She looked him up and down and reached out to take his limp penis in her hand. "I hope it gets bigger than this," she said with disappointment. Nancy had to stifle a laugh. The man's cock was massive and hung down to the middle of his thigh. She couldn't imagine how much bigger it would get once he became fully erect, or how the woman would be able to handle it.
"Oh yes!" he responded eagerly. "My wife says it's the biggest she's ever seen!"
"Show me," Mary challenged. The man started masturbating furiously. After a minute with little to show for his efforts, he asked, "It would really help if I had something to focus on."
Mary looked down and sighed heavily. She unbuttoned her shirt and pulled out her shirttails, revealing a nearly transparent bra underneath. Her breasts were quite round and rode up high on her chest. The camera zoomed in as she ran her hands up and down over her bra which was straining to contain her breasts. Nancy could clearly see that she had very large, dark areolae and that her breasts were larger than she had first thought.
"Do you like my breasts?" Mary asked the man in a seductive voice.
"Oh, yes!" he cried out. The camera zoomed back out to show him still working on his cock feverishly. She removed her blouse and then reached back to release the bra clasps. When it came loose, her small round breasts were fully revealed. They were small for her overall size and Nancy estimated them to be about 36A in size.
Her hands held up her breasts higher in front of the man. "Suck on these and show me how much you like them," she directed. He moved close and lowered his head to begin sucking and licking all around her breasts and nipples.
The video continued with Mary playing the controlling, seductive boss and her husband playing the part of a timid employee who she dominated. Towards the end of the video, she had him fuck her from behind as she leaned over her desk and when she finally allowed him to cum, she made him lick his cream from her wet pussy. Before he put his clothes back on, she fastened a cage around his cock and explained that would have to wear it every day at work and she would keep the key. Nancy couldn't help but wonder where she found a contraption big enough to fit over his member. As he left the room, she sat back behind her desk and composed herself like she was getting ready for work. Moments later, there was another knock at the door and woman's voice that Nancy identified as Jeanne called in, "You wanted to see me, Ms. Smith?"
Craig stopped the video at that point. "It goes on for a while longer and eventually all four of us are together in it, but I think you get the idea."
He and Jeanne looked at Nancy expectantly. She was still reeling over seeing Mary in the video. She had often thought back to the sales demonstration that Iris gave at Mary's house and tried to guess which of the women Ann had referred to as swingers. Mary had never made it on to Nancy's list of possibilities. She had to admit that she and her husband both had talents that had nothing to do with acting.
Nancy did find it enjoyable, but she already knew that she had a strong voyeuristic streak. While they watched the video, Paul's hands had cupped her breasts and played with them the way he knew she enjoyed the most. Between that and watching some of the things she saw Mary doing with her husband, she was quite wet. She could also feel Paul's erection pressing up against her and knew that he was also aroused. However, she still wasn't sure if she wanted to be recorded having sex with him or anyone else.
"I'm still not sure," she apologized to her friends. "I don't think that looking at my ugly body is going to get me excited and I couldn't act out a role nearly as well as they did."
Everyone immediately pooh-poohed her comment about having an ugly body and their sincerity gave Nancy a warm feeling from being desired. "You don't have to act out a role like that," Jeanne said. They've done three or four videos and have a lot more practice. I'm sure they laugh about how they sounded in their first video. But like Craig said before, you don't have to role play. Some of our friends just like to have the camera running while they have sex with no pretense at all."
Craig joined the conversation. "If you aren't sure about being recorded, maybe you'd rather be the person behind the camera and just watch?"
"I don't know the first thing about operating your camera," Nancy replied. "Using the camera on my phone is about all I can manage."
"It's not much different," Craig told her. "If you want, I can help you until you get the hang of things."
Nancy finally succumbed to the pressure from her hosts and agreed to run the camera for them. Craig got up from the bed and showed her how their digital recorder operated and she found it very simple. It was basically a point-and-shoot affair and all she had to do was make sure it was pointed to what she wanted to record. He showed her the zoom controls for the lens and also how to quickly release the recorder from the tripod in case she wanted to hold it and move around to a different viewing angle.
She looked at the small screen flip out that showed the camera view and Craig pushed the red "Record" button and showed her the "Mute" control. He left it on "mute", but invited her to turn it on if she decided to include any audio from the room. She saw small symbols indicating the camera was recording and that "mute" was on. She started slewing the camera around until it was centered on the bed. She saw Paul and Jeanne sitting together looking back at her and then Jeanne waved cheerily.
"Since you're the director, what do you want us to do?" she asked still smiling broadly. Paul looked at Nancy blankly and she started to feel flustered again. Craig saw her discomfort, so he stepped in to help her out.
"Let's have Jeanne show you her 'Ultimate Handjob'," he called over to the couple on the bed. Following his cue, Jeanne moved off the bed went through several items in one of the large storage bins on the closet floor. Craig followed her with the camera and as she was bent over, he zoomed in on her ass. Nancy could clearly see her pussy from behind and understood what Craig was focused on. As if she knew she was being filmed, Jeanne wiggled her butt and then looked back under her arm at Nancy and Craig. She reached back with one hand and slowly traced a line from her pussy all the way up the crack of her ass. She then went back to the storage bin and emerged with a several lengths of ribbon that were about one inch wide, a bottle of oil, and some other items that Nancy couldn't quite make out.
Jeanne went back to the bed and had Paul lay back on it sideways so that his legs hung over one side and then used some lengths of ribbon to tie Paul spread-eagle to the four bedposts. The ribbons were clearly more for show than actual restraint and Paul seemed entirely comfortable, especially after she put two pillows under his head and shoulders to prop him up.
Jeanne warmed up a generous amount of oil in her hands and then applied it over Paul's flaccid member and balls. She rubbed the palm of her hand up the underside of his cock and teased the head of it with her fingers before sliding her hand back down its length. Craig pointed to the camera and Nancy pressed the lens control to zoom in so that the only thing in the view screen was Paul's body from the top of his thighs to the middle of his chest and Jeanne's hand sliding up and down his cock which glistened with oil.
His cock remained limp and lay back over his lower abdomen while Jeanne maintained her slow stroking motions. Nancy's attention was almost entirely on the view screen which was giving her a very up close view of what was happening. With only Jeanne's hand in the frame, Nancy imagined it was her hand instead and she tried to imagine what Paul was feeling. She saw his member stirring under the steady movement of Jeanne's hand and as it grew, Jeanne would grasp it completely and stroke it in a more conventional manner before letting igo and watching it fall back on his stomach.
Jeanne did not limit her attention to his cock. She also played with his balls, getting them nice and slick with oil before lightly running her fingernails over the small sacks. When Paul was half-erect, Jeanne took a short length of small cord that she had set on the bed and carefully tied it in two loops around Paul's balls where they met the base of his cock. She asked Paul if it was too tight and he shook his head, 'no'. She resumed her slow, methodical stroking and Nancy noticed that his balls were growing larger and starting to bulge out slightly from the binding above them. She applied more oil and Nancy saw that Paul's was getting more and more aroused. Before he grew completely hard, Jeanne slid a stainless steel cock ring over his shaft. She must have thought it was too large, because she removed it and took any cock ring from the set lying next to him on the bed.
The second ring slid down his shaft with a little difficulty, but the oil helped and she pressed it all the way down to the base of his growing rod. It was no longer lying on his stomach, but had risen to dangle back at an acute angle. Her hand appeared to be squeezing his cock harder whenever she grasped it completely and ran her hand up and down its length. The veins were becoming more prominent as his cock grew and pressed outward against the unyielding metal ring around its base. In the view screen, his cock seemed larger than Nancy could ever remember and she felt her own desire growing to take it inside her.
As if reading her mind, Craig moved behind Nancy and pressed himself up close against her body. His arms encircled her and his hands found both her breasts and her pussy. As soon as his fingers separated the dry outer labia, he immediately felt the wetness welling up from deep inside her cunt. He kissed the side of her neck and shoulder while she continued to keep her attention on the view screen in front of her.
Paul's cock was clearly as hard and slightly more swollen from the metal ring restriction at its base. His balls had also become more swollen and looked like small inflated balloons between his legs. He was watching Jeanne rubbing her hand up and down the length of his cock and balls and could feel the increased pressure from twin constrictions on his cock and balls. He observed Jeanne's face once more as she knelt between his open legs and slowly brought him to release.
She looked intently at the gleaming length of his cock while carefully stroking its oil-coated surface and periodically looked up at his face to make sure she wasn't getting him too excited too fast. He considered her appearance for the hundredth time and while her face was definitely on the plain side, her eyes and smile could be quite captivating. Paul found her body to be in superb condition and he couldn't recall ever being with a woman who was so trim, flexible, and shapely. Her tiny firm breasts were another turn-on for him; they were as unusual for him as the rest of her body. Her hands and feet seemed small and delicate, but he had already found out that she was much stronger than she appeared.
Paul looked over towards the camera and saw his wife behind it with Craig enveloping her from behind and playing with her breasts and pussy. Paul knew she liked that and being taken from behind was her favorite position, but Craig did not appear to be inside her yet. He idly wondered if she was enjoying watching him and Jeanne through the video recorder and assumed she was from the sounds of excitement coming from behind the camera.
His train of thought was derailed by a sudden rush of familiar excitement stemming from deep inside his balls and extending up through his cock. Jeanne also felt the opening spasms of his cock as it tried to ejaculate. However, the tight constrictions she had placed on him were doing a reasonable job of preventing his cream from completely escaping. A small amount of thin, warm cum oozed from the tip of his penis which she continued to lightly rub and massage, smearing the ejaculate over his throbbing member with the existing coat of oil.
Paul felt an extended climax that slowly faded away but which left most of his cum still inside him. As Jeanne continued to rub and stimulate his cock, it remained hard, no doubt being helped by the cock ring that held him tightly and it took very little time for his next climax to occur. Once more, just a small amount of his cum managed to seep out from the tip of his penis and Jeanne rubbed it along the shaft until it disappeared. He was starting to feel over-stimulated and Jeanne must have known because when she looked up at him, she gave Paul a smile that was both playful and evil.
Behind the recorder, Nancy was enjoying not only the close-up view of Paul's cock trying to spurt out his cum with each climax, but she also grew wetter and more excited from Craig's tender attention. She felt her clit growing a little numb from his fingering and knew she wasn't going to climax, s she brought that hand up to her breast and encouraged him to fondle them with both hands. Nancy wondered how Paul was holding up under Jeanne's constantly moving hand. After what appeared to be four separate orgasms, Paul was clearly getting a little distressed and she wondered how Jeanne had been able to cause some many climaxes so quickly.
"Let's go join them," Craig whispered in her ear. By then, Nancy was ready to feel a man inside her and she forgot all of her previous misgivings about being recorded. Craig adjusted the view on the camera to cover the entire bed and then led her to the bed. Jeanne saw them coming and released Paul's cock to stand up and face her husband. They whispered together and Nancy couldn't make out everything they said, but Jeanne stepped aside and Craig had her get up on the bed to kneel over Paul and take his tortured cock inside her wet pussy.
She felt him slip up inside her easily, but before she started riding him, Craig released the cord tied around Paul's balls and she heard Paul gasp quietly in relief. Craig gently pushed her down over Paul and then she felt him lubricate her ass with some of the oil that Jeanne used on Paul. Nancy felt her excitement grow with the anticipation of having Craig filling her ass while Paul filled her pussy. However, Craig wasn't hard enough to enter her. While she slowly rocked back and forth over Paul, Craig was fingering her asshole, and Jeanne was sucking Craig off and getting him hard.
Once he was ready, Craig removed his fingers from Nancy's ass and replaced it with his cock. She was still very tight and she wasn't sure that he was going to be able to get his large pole inside her tiny hole. However, he applied a generous amount of oil to his cock and around her back hole which let him fully penetrate Nancy's ass with very little effort. In the meantime, Jeanne had moved up on the bed across from Nancy so that she was over Paul's face. She pressed herself into him and was rewarded with his tongue flicking and licking around her wet cunt.
Jeanne moved close to kiss Nancy and play with her breasts which almost had Nancy on sensory overload. Paul was already lunging up hard into her with his final climax which was still constrained by the cock ring and at the same time, Craig was holding her hips and slowly building up the tempo of his cock plunging into her ass. Jeanne was still locked in a deep, lustful kiss with Nancy and had taken a firm hold of Nancy's nipples. Their kiss prevented Nancy from being pulled forward as Jeanne pulled unmercifully on the nipples to stretch out Nancy's poor boobs,
Craig lasted two more minutes and then jammed himself hard into Nancy to fill her ass with his spunk and he didn't let go of her until the last drop was out and his cock started to soften. Paul's cock was already falling out of her pussy and was barely half erect, despite the cock ring. Nancy's nipples were on fire and Jeanne's mouth continued to grind into hers. Without thinking, Nancy reached up to take Jeanne's small nipples and her partner reacted immediately with a yelp of pain.
However, Jeanne refused to break their kiss and Nancy was able to play with her friend's small boobs without causing any further outburst. Paul sounded like he was starting to struggle from underneath Jeanne, so she moved off his face and he had a close-up view from underneath the two women while they kissed and played with each other's breasts. He felt someone working the metal ring off his soft dick and realized it had to be Craig. His momentary concern faded when Craig released him and put the cock ring away on a nightstand by the bed.
When Paul pulled himself free from the ribbons tied around his wrists and ankles, the two women stopped their play long enough for Nancy to move off of him and Paul could leave the bed. Before, the girls got back into their play, Craig called out, "Wait a minute. Let's make this a little more entertaining and show you more of what we can do in here." He went to the closet and returned carrying several large ropes and some pieces of metal equipment that turned out to be some sort of pulleys.
Craig stood up on the bed and deftly attached two of the pulleys to the ceiling rail at the foot of the bed and locked them into place over either side of the bed. He then took the remaining two pulleys and did the same thing on the rail near the headboard. Craig took the large ropes he brought out of the closet and ran one rope through each of the pulleys. He tied a large loop on one end of each rope and then attached a padded Velcro strap to the loop. When he finished, Craig pointed to his wife. ""Okay, get up there."
Jeanne eagerly crawled up on the bed and lay back spread-eagle for her husband to fasten the padded part of each Velcro strap to each of her extremities. He looked over at Paul and asked, "Can you give me a hand here?"
Paul came over and followed Craig's lead to pull on the free end of the ropes leading to Jeanne's wrists until her arms were pulled up high and her shoulders were just off the mattress. The rope ends were tied off to the nearby feet of the bed and they did the same thing with the two remaining ropes holding Jeanne's ankles. When they finished, Jeanne was partially suspended from the ceiling with only her bottom barely touching the bed and her legs pulled wide apart. The last thing Craig did was put three pillows under her head and shoulders to give her some support and keep his wife's neck from getting too tired.
"Mmmm... that's more like it!" Craig said with satisfaction. He looked at Nancy and motioned her to the bed, "Go enjoy yourself and have at it."
The two men moved away and watched Nancy move up to stand between Jeanne's legs. Jeanne's bare pussy was open and the soft, pink tissue inside gleamed with her wetness. Just below it, Nancy could see the small brown pucker of her asshole. Craig went back to the camera and took it off the tripod to move in closer to the expected action. Nancy watched him and realized the camera had been recording her the entire time she was one the bed getting fucked by Paul and Craig. In the back of her mind, she wondered how she looked in the video, but her attention remained on trying to decide what she wanted to do with Jeanne.
The most obvious was eating her out and that was easily her first desire, but she was unsure about what to do afterwards. "Go on! Dig in!" she heard Craig say with a hint of impatience. Jeanne was also waiting expectantly, so she put aside her thoughts and leaned down to taste Jeanne once again. Craig moved around the bed to try and catch Nancy's face at the best angle while she ate out his wife's pussy. He had a hard time trying to figure out which woman was enjoying things more, but he finally decided it was Jeanne.
Nancy showed herself to be a quick learner was well on the way to becoming very accomplished in pleasing another woman. It took several minutes, but eventually, she had Jeanne writhing around within her restraints while Nancy worked her into her first climax. Nancy enjoyed being able to excite another woman so much and didn't quit until she became too tired to continue.