**The ending to this little tale. I might look in on them later, I dunno. For now, this is it. I tried but I don't have enough time to really research the ins and outs of peerage. I think this might work. I do think it's a long way from an unhappy pair of people in a diner to here, so I like it. O_o
----------------
The woman wandered along the bank of the small river that passed through the park in the town. It was a pleasant enough day, not hot or too breezy. She had a few things on her mind and had gone for the walk to maybe make a first attempt at settling a few things in her head. It was working, kinda-sorta.
It just felt pretty different today. Sometimes things just come to an end, she told herself, and that was where she was now. It was what she wanted and had decided to do, and she was on her way home - more or less - from leaving her lover of four years with a soft kiss after he'd fallen asleep maybe an hour earlier. She'd gotten up carefully, dressed quietly just like all of the other times and walked out of his life carrying his seed for the last time.
Jim didn't know it was over yet, other than perhaps a vague notion or feeling of it, and she figured that he wouldn't be all that upset anyway. It might be different if he stopped floating along through his life and looking as though he cared about nothing beyond a drink in a bar with his buddies and the expectation of a half-hearted screw when she came home with him afterwards. She didn't think there was anything wrong with that, necessarily, but she could see how the road ahead was looking for her if she stayed in their relationship and had decided to just make a right at the next intersection, so that's what she'd done after a lot of thought about it.
Jim probably wouldn't even notice until Friday night, and she figured that he'd find a replacement for her in his life before too long - maybe an hour, she smirked to herself. Jim didn't need much more than a bed, a dark room and a warm wet hole.
She left the park and walked up the slightly sloping walk in the general direction of where she'd left her car. It was late-morning and she had a notion of finalizing a few of her thoughts over a bite to eat and a cup of something.
Once she'd reached the main street, she drew a deep breath and let it out with a small smile to herself as she walked to a little cafe that she knew. They had an outside patio that was fenced and they kept large umbrellas there over the tables for the perverse folks who liked to be outside and have the service of a waitress just because they had the time for it.
She almost stopped when she looked up from the sidewalk a few minutes later. There were only a few patrons outside at this time of day, and there was one woman there at a table all to herself, away from anyone else, probably because of her companion.
She'd know that dog anywhere.
Shannon smiled to herself at the changes that she could see in the woman who had been huddled on a doorstep a block and a week and a half away from where she now sat writing thoughtfully.
"Hey," Shannon said as she ambled over to the table. Honey got up, but remained seated with a quiet word from Joss. She was obviously happy, though.
Joss smiled up in a cautiously friendly way, "Hi. I know that I've seen you before, but I don't know if I ought to know you somehow. Please forgive me."
"Shannon Peters," the brunette grinned, holding out her hand once Honey got the idea that she could be pet with only one, "I was the trooper in the street the other night when Chris came to pick you up. Whitfield, right?"
She looked carefully at the blonde's face and was a little relieved to see her expression brighten.
"Joss," the blonde grinned, taking Peters' hand for a moment, "Care to join me? Chris was right," she said indicating the dog with a nod, "I have only one-sided conversations with her."
"I'd like that," Shannon grinned, "unless it'll stop you from your writing there. A letter home?"
"Shopping list," Joss smiled, "I didn't recognize you away from the big white car. Please, sit down and we'll see if that cute waiter can handle three of us. Honey's gonna need another six bottles of water any minute now, anyway."
It seemed that the young man could indeed and he was on his way back inside with their orders a minute later.
"What brings you out here today out of uniform?" Joss asked, "And by the way, I like seeing you like this a lot better, just sayin'."
Shannon shrugged as she marveled a little at Joss and how much she liked her instantly like this. "I dunno, it looked like a good morning to go for a walk and clear my head." She pushed Honey and her inquisitive nose away a little and turned her chair to face the table directly. "Yes, I know where I've been, Honey. Thanks."
Joss realized that she hadn't been paying attention to Honey for a moment and she apologized, but Shannon only smiled, "It's ok, Joss. I'm used to dogs. She's just figured out what I was doing earlier that's all. I'm on my way home from saying goodbye to a man. He just doesn't know it yet."
Joss got it and they just seemed to fall into a comfortable feeling between them very quickly. Within a few minutes, they knew enough of the generalities of each other's lives to laugh a little.
"I can't believe the changes in you from the last time I saw you, "the brunette grinned, "So did you get a job through Chris or what?"
"Yes, no, and I don't know, "Joss laughed. "After we left you, he took me for a romantic dinner at the only place still open at that time of night. We went to his place and talked. His life hasn't had much more than empty spaces and wind in it, and, well, you'll know enough about mine if I just say that my husband left me, I tried to drive home to my folks and got stranded here about a year ago. I just felt really strange that night, Shannon. I suddenly had an idea, and a minute later, I almost knew that I could tell him about it, so I did."
The waiter was back with their orders. When he left, Shannon leaned forward, "What was your idea?"
Joss shrugged, "I told him that I wanted the job. He offered me a job as his housekeeper and God, he was so serious and careful about telling me. I just made a different offer to him, that's all. I told him that I'd do more than he wanted, and that I'd take what he was offering as my pay as operating funds for the job instead and keep whatever I saved from that, unless there was some reason that we needed that, though I knew that we likely wouldn't ever."
"Well can I ask what you offered, or, ..."
Joss looked just a little uncomfortable for a moment, but then smiled. "I don't know if you can understand it, but besides knowing that he wanted to help me, I just saw something in him and when I put that together with how I felt and knowing myself and how I am, I just saw something there just as plain as day, so I just told him that I didn't want to be his housekeeper. I told him that I wanted to be his woman."
Shannon put down her cup slowly and stared. "His woman?"
"Uh-huh," Joss said, feeling just a little self-conscious. But a moment later, she'd already reminded herself about what she'd decided about feeling this way and her little sense of pride was back. "I just knew what I wanted, so I asked him to please just treat me as though I was his wife, and we'd be fine. We're learning about each other, but so far, it's working out really well. We're both mindful that it's about trying to fit each other's lives, that's all."
Shannon sat back, more than a little dumbfounded for a moment. She looked at Joss and she could see it. She now wore much more fashionable clothes and had some confidence coming from someplace in her. She'd gotten her hair done a little shorter with just a little hint of 'spikey' to it that really suited her now.
Shannon knew that when they'd seen each other last, Joss couldn't have pulled the look off to save her life. She'd have looked more like a discarded hamburger wrapper from a fast-food drive-through, pure trash. Now? She saw that Joss looked comfortable and confident, at perfect ease with her life. Honey looked content and regal next to her and Joss herself looked like a million bucks.
"Ok wait, "Joss laughed, "It wasn't as blatant as that, and I have to tell you that I didn't plan on it. There was a storm that night, and I'm just scared to death of lightning. We'd already worked out that we both really wanted to sleep in the same bed. I sure wouldn't have turned him down if he'd have wanted to fool around, but that really wasn't the intent. We were both just so lonely and really, we just wanted to be near somebody that night, so we agreed to sleep together. If that's all that had happened, it would have been ok with us both, but the storm scared the heck out of me and after we'd been in bed together with him holding me to stop my shaking, I just knew that it could work somehow.
I'm not all that bold by nature, Shannon, but I thought that the worst that could happen was that he'd sleep on the couch and I'd take the job as his housekeeper. We're not kids, and we just fell into something very comfortable together and admitted it – as stupid as it sounds. I fell in love with Chris and made my offer. He listened and argued a little, but he admitted that he felt some love for me too. We've just gone from there, and I've never been so happy."
She looked at Honey, who had gone back to lying down at her feet. "You want to hear the strangest thing? Look at her. She loves and adores him, but we have a slightly different relationship. She's absolutely obedient to me. I don't need to use much more than a word or two and she'll do what I want, after maybe a second of trying to figure out what I mean. She's just as shit-scared of storms as I am. We actually had Chris in bed between us that first night for a while."
She smiled, "Now we both know what we are. We both just belong to him. I make jokes about it to Chris, but I think there's something to it. We're Moreth's girls, and that's it. We've just accepted it plain and simple."
Shannon sat back and chuckled. Then she just laughed. "That's amazing, Joss. I was going to give him a call, since I have his number," she shrugged with a laugh, "but I can see that there's no point now."
She leaned forward and touched Joss' hand, "I'm really glad," she said sincerely. "The last time I saw you, my heart went out to you. If Chris hadn't come along in about another minute, I would have just walked over and told you to move along, after giving you one of the little cards that we carry with all the help-line numbers on it. You would have walked away, but I don't think it would have gotten you anywhere. You looked so desperate that I could feel it. In my job, it gets a little hard to care too much, because we see such shit and awful things sometimes, but you didn't fit any of it and I didn't want to see the start when you really slid down the chute. God, I like this Joss Whitfield a whole lot better. You look like you're right where you want to be. I hope this goes on working for you.
I am a little jealous though," she grinned. "It looks to me like you've got a horseshoe up your ass from where I'm sitting." She laughed a little, "I hope it never falls out, but now I want to know where I can get one. They must be awful to stuff up there."
Joss laughed, "I sure don't know where it came from. I don't think it'll fall out any time soon, though. Not the way that Chris keeps trying to push it further in every so often."
The statement got her a look from Shannon and they laughed about it for a moment. "Really?" she asked, "you guys do that?"
Joss shrugged, smiling. "We kind of like that sometimes. In some ways, we're a little different there too. He's mine and I know it, Shannon. I plan to keep that nailed down tight by being his. I think a big part of that is, ... well, he's pretty much a straight arrow, and I'm his girl most of the time. He'd never have had the thought of it, but I also offered to be just a bit of a slave to him. It went right against the way that I've always been, but I could just see that it might work for us and it has. We don't do anything really freaky, since that's not what it's about to us. Sometimes, I'm just subservient to him."
She watched the brunette's eyes widen a little and shook her head, "Not like what you're thinking. It's all pretty gentle. Chris has no need to humiliate or hurt me. We just use that for when we want it more passionate, that's all. What I always get from him is that I'm loved very much and I get that more from him every day as we settle into each other. I don't know if this will explain it, but,..."
She reached into her purse and Shannon stared at what she was looking at. She looked down at Honey and saw that she was wearing the collar that she'd thought she'd seen. She looked at what was on the table between them. They were identical, other than size and the one before her had a small pendant hanging from it rather than a dog tag.
"If you understand the concept, then you know that I'm really the one who's in charge of that part of our relationship. Until I met him, I wouldn't have put up with something like this from anyone. I 'm not that kind of girl by a long shot. But it works for us in other ways too. Like, he was on the couch watching the news one evening. I noticed, and I went to the bedroom for a minute. When I walked back out, I was wearing just a tiny bit more makeup, a lot of glossy red lipstick, and this. That's all. He was at the end of the couch, and I just sat on the floor there on my hip, trying to look the way that Honey does it. I didn't say anything. I just watched the TV.
After a minute, Chris told me to sit next to him, so I curled up there beside him. The news went to commercials and he kissed my cheek, so I laid down with my head on his thigh and he just pet me until the news was over. He shut off the TV and then he told me how much he loved me. Like a lot of guys, that was s a little hard for him to do, but it isn't anymore.
I was feeling a little blue one time - no real reason, I just felt that way, and Chris noticed it right away. He walked over and did something that nobody ever did for me. He just hugged me and held me for about a half an hour. When I told him that I felt better, he smiled and kissed me and then he went back to what he was doing. There was nothing else there from his side, only that I felt badly about something and he wanted to make me feel better with nothing else to it. Bobby might have done that, if he was sober, but there would have been an expectation underneath it."
She looked over at Shannon and smiled, "When we started that first night, I told him that I wanted to be cherished for once in my life, and he does that for me every single day now. It doesn't matter if we're in bed, or swimming in the pond out at his place or if he's in the middle of making our dinner late on a Sunday afternoon – since he cooks on the weekends if he's home, he always shows me and I show him what he means to me all the time. He knows it when he sees me wearing this for him. It means that I'm devoted to him and he's the kind of man who'd never have the thought of ever pissing on something like that.
I'm thinkin' that I must be doing something right. Chris called up this company that he knows. They'll find anybody to serve them with divorce papers. That was about the first thing that Chris did for me. We'd only been together a couple of days, but he said that I'd feel a whole lot better for it and he was so right. They served Bobby only a day later, and from what the lawyer said to Chris, I'll be divorced soon. Bobby won't contest a thing, seeing as how Chris is a U.S. Marshal. Bobby always did like to fly under the radar. He never told me why, but I guess he had a reason to." she shrugged.
They spent the next hour chatting about how this worked for Joss and anything to do with men in general. By the time that they parted, Shannon Peters and Joss Whitfield each had a new friend, the kind that you could say anything to. While Shannon had a lot of fun with the idea, she knew that it likely wouldn't work for her, given her personality and what she knew of herself.
Shannon was happy for Joss however, and enjoyed her friendship. Knowing the two of them did have an effect on Shannon. It caused her to raise her expectations quite a bit. She now wanted more for herself than a drink in a bar with the usual crowd every single weekend evening and then a hope for sex as unimaginative as she seemed to have been settling for earlier. She wasn't interested in what had worked for her friends, she just wanted better than she'd had. She didn't think it was all that likely to happen though. She didn't seem to ever meet men like Chris.
The odd thing was that she did meet one though, and that had happened because of the sort of afternoon that a bunch of law enforcement people might dream up between them, given the chance of it. Joss thought Chris was nuts when she found him musing over the idea, but she got on-side from what she saw as the hostess side of things. That was no trouble for her. The rest of it just made her laugh.
He'd been invited to a paintball match. He wasn't all that enthusiastic about it, but he went. That was where the idea came from. His fields had corn in them that year in a kind of informal agreement with a farmer down the road and the harvest was in. The only thing left was to cut it down and that was planned in the next month or so.
So he and Joss hosted a barbecue and paintball party. Shannon was there to help Joss out, but she did bring old clothes for it and played in a match or two. That was how she met Lucas.
That was also the day that Julie had chosen to try to make an appearance. It had taken her some time, but she'd managed to track Chris down. She found a lot of people stuffing their faces and having a good time, about half of them proudly wearing splatters of paint.
Julie asked a woman where Chris Moreth was. The woman held a large dog by the collar that quite obviously had no friendliness toward Julie, but settled down to staring pointedly at her with a low background growl.
"He's around here someplace," the woman said, noting the dog's dislike and remembering Julie from the video. "What do you need him for? Maybe I can help you. I'm his woman."
Julie smirked, "I rather doubt that, I'm his wife."
"No you're not," Joss smiled a little, and she decided to keep her thoughts to herself as Chris walked up.
"Please leave, Julie." It was all that he said.
"I want to talk to you," she replied, "What's all this?"
"I don't want to talk to you," Chris replied, "If I see you here again, I'll have an injunction sworn out against you, just like the one that's in place in Virginia. What this is here is none of your business, but you're intruding and you're not welcome. You want to make a big deal out of something nonexistent outside of your mind, well then you go on ahead. Almost everyone here is a law officer and most of us have federal jurisdiction. There's someone from the state police as well," he smiled coldly, "another detail about my life that you never bothered to be interested in. We were married once, now we're done. Please leave."
By that time, several others had begun to wander over, just out of interest and not knowing the relationship involved. Julie would have been a lot more interested, but knowing who these people were changed her level of interest significantly and she walked off without a word. When she started her car, she looked and saw that Chris was walking away with the blonde woman, but that a tall brunette wearing a paint-spattered T-shirt the word 'POLICE' on it was holding the dog now as well closing the gate.
------------------
It had gone pretty much as Joss had envisioned it between them. There hadn't been much fuss and they'd just settled in with each other. Joss did it all and it amazed Chris to no end since, besides handling all of his non-critical or secure correspondence and the social side of his job, she ran the old farmstead like a ship, the only concession being that after a while, she'd had to farm out the cleaning to a local maid service. Even so, she could out-shop him six ways from Sunday and she was never pleased unless she could tell herself that she'd gotten the best deal that she could in anything.
It had been Joss who had found a local farmer to rent the field to on a more stable basis, and she told Chris that she'd tell him and prepare for the year that it ought to be left fallow to minimize the loss of the rent for that year. He didn't know squat about farming and left it to her with a nod. She made it clear to the renter that there would be no crops that took too much out of the land and she reserved the right to refuse.
There were a few things that set them apart a little bit as a couple. He could take Joss to any function such as the "office" dances or the Christmas Party and she was the perfect complement to him. But outside of functions like that, if one looked closely enough and knew what to look for, it could be seen.
It didn't matter if they were walking in town or having dinner in a restaurant – anywhere, she'd dress for it, from an evening gown to just jeans, boots and a top, she was friendly and polite, exuding the Southern charm that was a part of her. But there were other things which might be seen if one could see them. You just had to know them to understand, that was all.
Underneath whatever she might be wearing, Joss considered herself to be his woman and there were times when she acted as his slave, though never in a demeaning sense or in public. She was fiercely proud of herself and Chris and she knew how they needed each other. If they were at a bar and a man tried to catch her eye, he was rebuffed politely with a very slightly haughty look, and if she had to say it, she said it plainly. All of her actions had a slight undertone to them that was all but invisible, but some women could see it easily.
She was proud, but she was his.
She'd started out with an idea and a proposal. He didn't care what she called it. From his point of view, he never had a thought about who owned his heart. He's never loved like this before.
They also had another understanding that had been Joss' idea. Like any couple, they had disagreements and her vote carried the same weight as his. But it was clear and understood that any tiff or spat between them was considered as temporary – even as it was in play. They slept together always , even if she was mad at him, or the other way around, unless his duty took him away for a little while. And they both held their physical relationship to be separate and sacrosanct. He could be annoyed with her or she with him, but in that bed it meant nothing. That way, they both knew that there were no little undercurrents other than what ought to be there and it kept them happy as a couple. She never held back and he didn't either. A lot of the times, issues were forgotten just like that because of it.
He always told her that she was missing out on a great career as a relationship counselor.
But there was one thing that never was resolved between them. They were both happy and Chris often asked her to marry him.
She refused every time.
Joss told him that he'd already put the things in place for her if something should happen to him and that the laws already granted her common spousal rights. To her, the act of getting married had caused them both pain in the past and she wouldn't hear of it between them.
Joss was still a bit of a nudist and she loved to spend an afternoon at the pond skinny-dipping with Chris on his days off during the warmer months. It wasn't all that far from the house, but they always brought a cooler along with something to eat and drink. Joss would turn into Chloe the woodland nymph before his eyes and she never needed a lot of wooing then. Most of the time, it was Joss who initiated the idyllic afternoons between them and sometimes all that it took was for her to reach for him or hum a little tune as she bent over the trunk of an old fallen tree there, looking back at him hopefully.
The slave role had needed a bit of refinement, though.
They'd carpeted a room in the basement and turned it into a combination weight and play room and the bench did a lot of double duty. They had sections of padding that could be hung on one wall.
There were a couple of large eye-hooks and padded grip bars there so that Joss could be restrained by looping the chain between her handcuffs over a hook so that she stood on her tiptoes if she was barefoot, and there were others set at slightly different heights to take spike heels into account. Joss liked it hard then, but never abusive. When she begged to have it hard, she didn't mean painful – she meant forceful. It took Chris a while to understand the difference, though he didn't mean to hurt her. He just didn't know better, since Julie had always just wanted pounding.
"Ow! Chris, you're hitting the end of me like this," she said.
"Sorry," he said in a little frustration with himself.
She asked him to free one of her hands and told him to do whatever he needed to stay hard for a moment without her. She went to the kitchen, coming back with a small frying pan. He stared at her, but she said nothing as she raised her hands above her head again to grab one of the bars, but with the pan in her free hand.
"What's the pan for?" he asked.
"This is about control," she said. "I'm the slave here, but I'm really in control in a way. I'm just letting us have fun this way and it's fantastic right up to a point. You always forget and then you ram me too hard after I've got my legs around you and I can't have much fun if I'm seeing stars. You can do that all you want before I raise my legs, but not after. You're in me too deep then. So let's try this again."
She chuckled seeing his face, "Here's the plan. You fuck me just like before, but when I get my legs around you, if you bang into me and it hurts one more time, I'm gonna make YOU see stars for a minute with this old pan."
They laughed at each other, but he got the message. Soon he was ploughing her just the way that she liked it, listening to him grunt and strain and catching little glimpses of his teeth now and then when he wasn't chewing on her throat. He loved to hear the way that he made her whimper and moan then. When she looked about ready, he'd unhook her and she'd almost collapse onto the floor and then she'd try to feebly crawl away, but it was just her signal to him that she wanted it hard into her from behind then until she was in a gasping heap, and he had to hold himself up over his conquest as she smiled weakly back at him. She'd softly whisper that she loved him and those moments were beyond anything that he'd ever experienced in his life.
She got to the point where she could see it in Chris' eyes when he wanted his beautiful slave girl. She'd disappear without a word and return wearing her collar and not much else, other than maybe heels and if she was feeling 'special' that time, she'd wear the chainmail bikini that she'd had made for her for fun. It was lined with soft flannel so that it wouldn't chill or pinch her and the clasp for the top was at the front. The bottom piece could be unfastened underneath her if they were in a hurry.
Sometimes she ran around the house all day like that for him.
Sometimes she just forgot about the chainmail.
But she always wore her collar then and he'd often surprise her by reaching for her as she was on her way by and holding her just to stroke her back or her thigh for a moment. It would make her stop to stand still for him, but he'd say that he was just taken with her at that instant and wanted to hold her and that he never wanted what was between them to end.
If he was on the phone, she'd often walk in silently and curl up on the square of carpet underneath his desk and blow kisses at him from between his knees. If he reached for her head to stroke her hair, she'd put her head down on his thigh and pet him softly through his pants, hoping.
She often got her wish, and he'd allow her to help him get his pants off. She was never invasive while he was on the phone, she just licked and sucked a little, very softly. She could wait, and she was very pleased to then, especially if he gave her the nod to let her know that she was allowed to help herself as she waited for him.
She had another swimsuit of the same material that she liked to wear at the beach whenever they were at the coast, and those were about the only times when she was anywhere near blatant about belonging to him in a public setting. They drove on down to the gulf to spend a week with Lucas and Shannon in his time-share there.
She drew stares then and though she had always been a bit shy about her body her whole life, she believed Chris when he'd told her straight that she was stunning in a swimsuit. She wouldn't be caught dead wearing something like that without him, but she loved the looks that she got from everyone there when they were together. She loved to play with the idea a little and wore the chainmail with her collar.
"Did Chris ask you to wear the collar here?" Shannon asked, watching the looks that her friend was getting.
"Shoot, no." Joss laughed, "I only asked him if he'd mind it if I did. He said no, so, ..." She shrugged with a grin.
Shannon looked over, "Well I can see that he's having fun with it."
---------------------
He'd come home one day to find a man leaving with all sorts of drop cloths. Joss told him that she'd had the fireplace and chimney inspected and cleaned out. The fire insurance had been upgraded, but she showed him that the slight expense was justified. They loved to sit on the thick rug in front of the fire together at any time, but her favorite times were when she could lie back against him while he reached over her thigh to toy with her slowly with his fingers. They could just talk and share some wine then and Honey often came to lie down on the rug, just since they were at her level then and it made them smile at each other.
And just like any couple, there were sudden bumps in the road, though there were never any rocks. But there were a couple of incidents which required sharp turns.
------------------
The doorbell rang one day a year later and Joss looked out to see a well-dressed woman in her fifties at the door. She ordered Honey to sit and stay there as she opened the door.
"Please forgive the intrusion," the woman smiled, "is this the residence of Christian Moreth?"
"It is, "Joss smiled, liking the woman and her accent instantly, "He's not at home this minute, but I expect him shortly. I'm his woman. My name is Joss. How can I help you?"
"My name is Bethany Moreth," she smirked, "and I am Christian's old spinster aunt. May I come in, please?"
Joss was confused, but she smiled graciously as the hostess in her took over, "Of course, Bethany. Please come in. May I offer you anything? I was making some tea, but from your accent, I'm thinking that I don't really have the china for it," she smiled apologetically, "We just drink it out of mugs or Mason jars."
"Well, I'd love that, and maybe even more if I might try it from one of those, ... whatever you called them." Bethany didn't show much more than friendliness and pleasure at being invited in, but on the inside she was happy to meet Joss.
"Mason jars," Joss smiled, "They're the same things that you'd use to preserve jams and jellies. I guess it started out of a sense of 'nuthin' fancy', but to me, it's just the way that I like to drink it. I get more out of a cup of tea then, that's all."
They walked to the kitchen, but Joss stopped at the soft whine from Honey. "Forgive me," she said, "but I left the dog at the door. If you're bothered by dogs, I 'll toss her outside. She's just a nosy old thing."
Bethany shook her head, smiling, "That's fine, Joss. Hounds are a large part of my past. I've almost always had one or two. I can put up with a little inquisitiveness from such a lovely dog."
Joss grinned and snapped her fingers. Honey was with them in a flash, though she wasn't rude about it.
"Your name," Bethany smiled, "It's really Jocelyn, is it?"
"Yes, "Joss smiled, "I just prefer Joss, that's all."
"And I think that I heard you refer to yourself as his woman? Is that correct?"
"Yes," Joss said, holding her gaze evenly, "We're not married. He keeps trying to get me to agree, but, well, we both have rotten marriages behind us. Our relationship is a little different, but it works very well and we love each other very much just like this. I'm afraid to ruin it with a ring."
"Oh I know all about the woman in his past," Bethany smiled, "I've only known you personally for three minutes, but I am so pleased to hear what you've just told me."
Joss brought the jars to the table. "Here you are, Bethany. You just need to be careful in the way that you pick it up, since it'll be hot. They do make them with handles now just for this, but, ..."
"Ah," the other woman grinned, "a bit of a purist then, are you?"
It made Joss chuckle a bit, "Yeah, I guess I am at that." She tilted her head a bit, "Forgive me for asking, but as far as I know, Chris doesn't have anything to do with his family anymore and hasn't for a long time. He told me a little of the reasons, but now I'm confused."
Bethany smiled, "Just like anyone else, Christian is descended from two families, Joss. We just haven't seen him for about the last three years, that's all.
He was born a Winterwood, but his father had revealed himself to be a typical Winterwood by that time and my older sister arranged to have him baptized as Christian Moreth-Winterwood. Leslie had a mind of her own and a will just as oaken and iron-clad as any Winterwood's – even more so, and no one from that pack of fallen bootlicks had the balls to gainsay her.
That whole family is nothing more than a dried-up remnant. The last true Lord Winterwood immigrated to America almost two hundred years ago, giving up his title as he did. There really wasn't much of a holding by that time anyway. They all drank through it too quickly for much to be left, and nothing remains from it today, other than as footnotes in some old and dusty records and books. But they were very successful here and made their fortunes back once more.
After Christian made his unfortunate choice in a wife, the whole family turned against him in an instant, but he was never too concerned over that. We were saddened that he was hurt and remained in his heart just as he stayed in ours through it all, but then we are Moreths and it takes more than a bad choice to cause us to turn. I doubt that it's even possible.
What hurt him far more was the pain that girl herself caused him. I'm not here to talk about that unfortunate relationship anyway, though I am so pleased that it is finally over with. Somewhere shortly after it was announced to him that he was now a disgraced Winterwood, Christian reacted in a way that would have made my sister proud and it made me very proud of him too, because it shows what he is made of. He changed his name instantly in response and dropped the Winterood, becoming Christian Moreth instead.
She grinned at Joss and pointed with her finger, "And THAT is the reason that I am here today and very happy to have found him and met you. There is still such a thing as Moreth as a shire, as poor as it is these days, and Christian's grandfather passed on over a year ago. I have been seeking Christian ever since. I've been acting in the stead of the new lord until he could be found, since I have the birthright for it, but the few of us left decided long ago that when the time came for it, that he would be sought and asked."
Joss had been following along so far pretty well, but she needed clarification on this one point.
"Asked what? Or rather, what is it that he needs to be asked about?"
Bethany smiled, "How firm are you about not marrying Christian? I guess that I'm wondering if you might be convinced to marry him – that is, if I can get you to change your mind and if he still holds his desire to wed you and will take up the duty for his family."
"Duty?" Joss was confused now. She knew that this was rather important to Bethany and so she wanted this out on the table plainly. "What duty?"
"I am here to ask him if he would consider claiming his birthright. I hold the title currently, but I'm too old for children quite obviously and Chris is the last in our line with the chance to keep it from dying out. His title is assured by the rules of British peerage and he has the both the birth-line and the birthright. All that I need to do is to convince him that his other family needs him now. I will step aside as soon as he agrees and assume a role in the background in order to guide you both. By right of birth, your man is the Earl of Moreth."
Joss almost dropped her Mason jar at the same time that she began to choke and sputter. Bethany waited politely, seeing at once that Joss was in little danger of asphyxiation.
"Earl of Moreth?" Joss stared.
Bethany nodded, obviously quite pleased, "Yes. It's not terribly large and it's in the North, not far from Scotland. Christian knows it well. Leslie used to send him to me there to spend summers when he was a boy. He is needed now to act as the Earl and to manage several old properties and a crumbling old castle. There is already some connection between them and the National Trust, so the upkeep isn't all out of the Earl's pocket anymore. As well, there are several families with largish investments that are held in the common trust between them and he inherits the managing of them, and that's quite a bit of change. I will help him in that.
He will not be a lord in the sense of the nation's governance, since Moreth gave that up long ago and also because he is an American by place of birth."
Joss sat back and said the only thing that came to mind.
"Holy Cow,..."
It made his aunt laugh. "No, none of those. There are a few snobbish sheep with aspirations, however. There is a delicate little problem brought about now by your insistence at not marrying Christian. The Earl can be single if he desires, but it is tradition that he take a wife. There is no feminine titular equivalent to the title of Earl, however, and the wife of an Earl is known as a Countess, though she is not the wife of a Count. The term has no real application in Britain but 'Countess' is the term for the wife of an Earl."
She leaned forward. "As you might imagine, there is a lot of investigative work before something such as this happens. In my search for him, you were made known to me and I've really known about you here with Christian for about the past month, but I needed to be certain beyond a doubt. Forgive my little ploy, but I needed to get my foot in the door, as it were, and get this conversation underway."
She sat back and smiled, "This is all a big shock to you, I'm certain, but it pleases me to no end that if I might convince you to marry my nephew, you would become the Lady Moreth, and be referred to as the Countess of Moreth."
Joss thought that her jaw just might fall off right there.
"Say the word," Bethany smiled airily as she inspected her nails in a haughty and feigned way, "and you will require a passport. The locals will be upset - some few of the older ones - to find that there is an American-born Earl, but most won't mind, and a lot of them knew Chris as a boy anyway. He still has many friends there. The older set would find a reason to be displeased regardless, so stuff them. They have the same rights as us, but they don't have the upkeep of the estates. You ought to see what it costs to heat a manor."
She grinned, "I already know that you have it in you to be able to fit the role naturally, and your – what do they call it? Your Southern charm and obvious manners will stand you in good stead. You only need to be taught all the ins and outs of the stuffy bits You would make the perfect Lady Moreth. You'll even get used to the title. I've had it all of my life. It is still a rather pleasant little thrill to sign one's correspondence as the Lady Moreth."
Joss got up from the table, "Another tea, Bethany? I'm finding that I sure need one now."
"Yes," the woman nodded, "Why not? I know this is a lot to digest all at once, but it's there for you both if you want it. Oh, and there is another thing to it all. Most have never cared for it, but in the Earldom, it has always fallen to the Countess to keep the sordid history straight and record it. There's a pile of historical work for you, or you may hire someone from the stipend that the job earns you.
It's nothing like the duty of the head of state, but you will be asked to make the odd appearance and to help with the raising of some funds for various causes. Your home is near the seat of the place. Your hound there would fit right in, and there is a small staff," She counted her fingers for a moment. "Six, unless I am mistaken. The Earl draws a stipend and also earns the historical "third penny" which was a tax long ago, but is now a fixed sum from the Crown."
She chuckled a little, "You may even get to meet the holder of that crown one day before too long."
Honey began to get excited and Joss could see that Chris was home. She ran to his aunt and put her hand over the woman's wrist. "Please, "she said with a small grin, "This is going to have to be discussed like crazy, but would you please stay for dinner and also, please try to ignore what I'm about to do. This is a chance that I've just got to try for, and I mean absolutely no disrespect, so bear with me, ok?"
Bethany liked Joss' playfulness and she nodded, "Of course."
"So, Chris is not a knight, correct? I've been calling him 'Sir Moreth' now and then for fun."
"If you're being proper and correct, then, no," Bethany smiled, "he is not to be addressed as 'sir'. He is not a Knight of the Realm. You may address him as 'Lord Moreth' or 'my lord'.
Joss was already trotting toward the door as it opened and in an instant, Chris saw and recognized his aunt. He would have said hello, but Honey was there to welcome him home and at the same time, Joss dropped to her knees and slid the last three feet to him like that. She bowed, touching her forehead to the floor.
Chris stared as Joss sat back up still on her knees. "Lord Moreth," she smiled, "would you please marry me?"
Chris stared, beginning to smile himself now. "What the hell, ..."
"That's not correct, Joss," Bethany called to her, "The tradition remains as it always has. Chris must ask you."
"Aw shoot, ..." Joss grumbled good-naturedly.
Bethany looked at her nephew and winked, "This is your chance, Christian. Ask her now."
He shrugged, though he was happy. "I don't know what you did to make this happen, Aunt Bethany, but I'm not as slow as I look. Joss, would you please finally marry me?"
She stood up, beaming at him. Joss didn't care about what had been told to her the last while as much as she cared about the look in Chris' eyes right then. She'd been leaning this way anyway.
She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him. "Yeah," she sighed, "It's looking like I gotta. I just can't help it, Chris. I love you."
"Well I must say that's very nice to see," Bethany grinned. She lifted her Mason jar and toasted them once before taking a sip. "Of course, it would be desirable that there be children, you know. You're not too old yet, and I don't want to have to think of doing something like this all over again."
He thought for a moment, "Grandfather, ..."
His aunt nodded, "About a year ago. So you know why I am here."
He nodded, "I have an idea why."
Bethany shrugged, "You just fell off the Earth, Christian. I've been trying to find you."
"I'm very sorry for that. I guess I basically re-made my life after the divorce, and I should have called you, but I had a couple of really large and important changes in my life with the entrance of Joss and Honey. I just kept putting it off."
"Well," Bethany smiled, "if you put it off because you didn't have the strength or the ability to get out of your bed because of Joss, then I'd consider it a valid excuse and I forgive you." She turned to Joss. "And if my guess has any ring of truth to it at all, then well done, Joss."
Bethany looked at Chris again, "Will you consider assuming the title? I know that you would miss your job, but I think there's enough back there to keep you busy. There are festivals that will require your attendance, most especially the medieval re-enactment one. That one generates a lot of money for the town and they always clamor for the Earl and the Countess. My father used to take part, but never in the way that he would have liked, due to his health."
"Well what would they like?" Joss asked.
"The title of Earl is the modern day remnant of the old Norse jarl. It means chieftain. What they'd like is more of a chieftain who looks like a warrior, and his lady ought to look the part as well. It's quite a lot of fun and I think that you both would like to be involved. I'm sure the organizers would be over the moon to have the real couple there taking part. Your obvious beauty and grace, combined with your charm and added to the romantic appeal of his background would sway a lot of the locals. The pubs would hum over it for months."
Joss frowned, "I might be able to pull that off right up to the point where I open my mouth to speak."
"I wouldn't worry about it," Bethany chuckled, "there is no one alive that I know of who could speak the proper way anymore anyway and besides, people come from all over to take part or just to be there and watch."
"You said there was a castle?" Joss asked with interest.
"About half of the structure is fallen-in," Bethany said, "There is enough of it left that is sound to be a romantic home, since my own grandfather tried to live there and installed a hot water heating system in a small part of it. It still works, but it's a little cranky. It's livable, since I lived there for a time, but it's cold in the winter unless you run around in your woolys all of the time. But the view from the tower is worth it, perhaps. I'd live there during the summer months, and Christian had a wonderful playground then when he came to visit."
Joss turned to Chris, who nodded, "It's impressive for an old run-down castle, but you can't go in most of it, other than the tower and what's below that. It's cold in some parts year-round from the sea breeze."
Bethany nodded, "That's why I'd wait until Christian had gone back home. Then I'd flit off to someplace warm for my own fun. You ought to say yes. How many people get to live this sort of life? Besides, it's your heritage and it's yours by right, never mind that it's - "
"Duty," Chris nodded solemnly, "I know." He turned to Joss.
"Well? Do you think Chloe the woodland nymph could survive living in a dusty old hall when she's not living in a dusty old castle? I can already see the castle there in your eyes, but I'm sure you'll get over that once you've frozen your ass off there for a little while."
I dunno," she said, "I think I might survive it as long as I've got you."
"I won't accept unless you agree, Joss. I won't even think about it."
"You do what you need to do and I know that you'll look it all over beforehand," Joss said earnestly, "Don't worry 'bout me. I'll go where you go. I've always told you that."
Bethany Moreth set her Mason jar down and looked at them both. "I will be there to help, as will the others and your small staff. We would all hope that you succeed and be the sort of gentry that the place requires. It's not as though you have no idea about the job, Christian. You were with your grandfather many a time, so you know at least some of what is involved."
She looked at her nephew in a bored sort of way and sighed. "So just say 'yes' right now Christian, and we can just have fun as we always used to. I'd much rather talk with you both and catch up than have to argue about duty. I accept your fine woman's invitation to dinner. Now can we please just dispense with all of the dust and cobwebs before I burst from drinking all of this tea out of my need to wash them down?"
She winked, "And if we can't, then please, Joss, may I have another? I like this better than sipping from china with cream. I like it your way very much."
Chris smiled, "Well, I've got some bourbon, a little single malt scotch, Glenlivet which makes me want to weep every time that I take a sip for the cost of it, and some beer. Which would you like?"
"All of them," Bethany replied, "If you agree, then I'm not going anywhere tonight and I'm just so sodding tired of all of this hunting for you. I'm happy to be near you again and now I've met the Earldom's new jewel, so say it and let's be done for God's sake."
He turned to Joss and saw her nod," You don't need to ask," she said.
He sighed, "I guess I've wanted this all of my life, in a way. Alright, if there's a way to not go broke in this, I'll agree. Yes, Aunt Bethany."
------------
The woman looked up from her desk in the small suite of rooms that had once been set aside for the use of another Countess long ago. Joss used one room as her office and she had her desk there near the one where the lovely woman now sat. She was Joss' assistant and also her friend. They'd just fallen into the friendship naturally and what had begun as an awkward professional relationship was now becoming a very close friendship that both of the women had been surprised over.
But it sure helped with the work of being a Countess, Joss knew. She'd had no need of a suite of rooms for herself. She slept with Chris every night and their love had grown even more since the almost fairytale-like wedding not long after Chris had assumed the title and the considerable work of the Earl of Moreth a few months before. Joss still couldn't believe how it had happened.
After returning from their honeymoon, Joss had given the suite over as quarters to the woman who now smiled at the Lord of the place as he leaned against the doorframe with a slightly inquisitive look on his face.
"I had a message that you'd asked to see me," he said.
She nodded and invited him in, pointing at a chair as she stood up, "Yes, my lord," she smiled, "it's very kind of you to find some time for me. I only require a few minutes, I think."
He sat down and she began what had been on her mind for a little while. Despite what she knew of the man, she was aware that she had to tread a little carefully and also, she had to couch her words a little as well.
"I don't know if you remember me very much from your summers here as a boy," she smiled, "but I was in quite a bit of awe of you back then, though I was a little girl," she said.
Chris nodded, "I do remember," he said, "it always seemed to me that I seemed to see you just about everywhere - in the village here and there, and then here at the castle often. You were always with your mom, who worked for my aunt. I'd come in and almost run you over sometimes."
The woman laughed a little, "Well I wanted you to, of course. Mum always kept me on a short leash, or I'd have made such a huge pest of myself, since I was seven years younger. The last thing that you needed as a teenager on summer holidays here was an adoring little tag-along who would only have mooned over you constantly as I certainly would have done if Mum had allowed me to. I'm sure that I'd have been one little red-topped pain in the arse to you."
"I find myself very thankful for many things that are just so perfect for me now. The place and the area have a new lord and lady, and that can only be to the good, and also, I have the best job in the whole world now and it seems to me that I've been dreaming of something like this all of my life. The best part is that my lady and I have become such friends."
He nodded grinning, "I see that. I was a little afraid that transplanting a girl like Joss so far from home, ... well, it doesn't matter now. She's busy as anything and happy, and I always hear about you two. I make time for it actually. I'm always amazed at how well she's taken to the place, and she doesn't feel lost at all, the way that you manage her schedule and all."
He smiled at her a little carefully wanting to move this along to where he had a thought that it was headed, "Plus, I get to hear all kinds of great stories, since the two of you are about the same in a lot of ways."
"Well, it is true," the woman smiled in admission, just as carefully. "I wanted to ask you, what do you know of the old stone table on the stones outside of the doors which open onto the high turret?"
He smiled even more carefully now, "I've heard enough about it to know a little of the story of the Sunne's Gift, I think it's called. Why?"
"Well, you might know that it was a hopeful gift once, between a pair of lovers long ago," the woman said, "It has seen use several times since by the inhabitants of the tower in the way that it was intended, on the few sunny and warm days that this place offers.
Indeed," she smiled, "Most of those inhabitants had no idea what it was for and they used it as a table where the pair who'd had it made and placed used it as often as they could, even in colder weather - with many more skins than on the warmer days and nights, I've learned.
They placed it in the hope that their love would last until their ends, and I daresay that it must have, for they lived well into their late eighties."
She reached for a large package wrapped in heavy paper and held it out to Chris. "With the sudden arrival of you both and the speed that everything happened, well, I found myself in this new job and swimming for my life, awash in the many things that I had to put together for such a quick wedding. I had no time to make my own gift to the new Lord and Lady."
"So I make my gift to my Lord and my Lady now," she said, "terribly late, but better, perhaps, for the knowledge of you both and my hope that what you share lasts longer than the love between the originators of the custom." She bowed as she held out the package.
"The traditional hides, my lord," she smiled, "May you both wear them out."
Chris was shocked, but then he laughed, knowing at once the thoughtfulness and the intent of the gift.
"Our heartfelt thanks," he grinned, "Well, mine now and beforehand from Joss. It says a lot about you that you'd know of this for one - though maybe I shouldn't be surprised, and the way that you try to gather the lore and the old doings of the castle."
"That's exactly why, my lord," she said, "and if I may be so bold," she smiled a little conspiratorially, "the weather guessers are calling for uncommonly warm weather the next few days. Speaking as Joss' friend, I wouldn't tell her until the day."
They heard Lady Moreth's call from the bottom of the long staircase, and he turned to rush out with the package so that he might hide it.
"Thanks again," he smiled.
"Not at all," she chuckled, "I do have an ulterior motive after all, my lord. This old place is alive again with you both here. I should know, I've been around here all my life. What's needed now are children. I'm just doing my part to keep the heritage of it all alive."
------------------
She walked through the glass doors which had been a recent addition only about a century before onto the half-turret that lay near the top of the keep tower. As always, the wind was blustery at this height, but it was pleasant and warm today as it blew her cloak open a little to reveal her nakedness underneath. She smiled as she walked to where he stood, looking over the battlements at the countryside around them. Sometimes, they just asked each other for a day together and away from their schedules and her secretary had managed to come up with this one on short notice.
As was common for the time of its construction, the place had a moat surrounding it which had over the centuries turned into a large and very lush pond with all of the aquatic life that could manage to stay alive over the winter months. There was no person to be seen across the grassy and undulating land around them, besides the cars that passed on the road more than a half a mile distant and the odd fishing boat far out to sea. Other than small aircraft, perhaps, they were safe from anyone's view.
Joss smiled as she admired him. There was no role to play here other than his wife, but she knew what worked for them and so she wore the collar of her subservience today as a matter of course, and perhaps a little quiet hopefulness. Her soft voice came to him from over his shoulder and it made him smile a little wider, that was all.
"Does everything seem right in the Earldom this morning, my lord?" she asked.
He turned and nodded, admiring her as her cloak and the wind teased him, alternating between hiding her and revealing everything. He leaned back against the old stones of the turret wondering at his fortune for the umpteenth time.
"Yeah," he sighed, "It looks ok from here, but that's looking a little too far out, I think. The wind is warm and so is the sun today. From what I know, it's the kind of day that ought to be taken advantage of to my mind. Days like this don't happen often here."
Joss looked at the old stone table there and wondered at how it had been covered over with sheepskin that was fastened in some way so that the wind didn't steal it. "What is this thing?" she asked, "I can't decide if it was supposed to be a table or some kind of altar."
He shrugged as he walked to her. "Beats me. Maybe it was a table or just a place to plan out one's defenses in the event of a siege. I'd doubt that it was meant to be an altar. We were Christians long before this was built."
He hugged her and began to kiss her throat in the way that he knew would make her knees a little weak.
"That's just what I'm going to use it for today, that's all."
Joss shivered at the feel of his hands and what he was doing to her neck for a moment. He went to his knees slowly and began to kiss her bare mound. The first time that his tongue slid into her folds, she gasped and had to lean back against the stone table.
"What are you going to worship, lord?" she sighed, "I think that's what an altar is for, isn't it?"
He stood to help her ease back onto the warm wool there in the sunshine and she leaned back until she held herself up on her elbows as she spread her legs for him.
He kissed the space between her breasts and said nothing for a long time as he traced many of her features with his lips and his tongue. But he finally stopped for a moment to look up at her from where his lips rested against her labia.
"I dunno," he smiled, "I thought that I'd just worship you right here for a while, since it's such a nice day to adore my slave girl and be thankful for my luck."
He loved her this way for more than an hour, finally pulling her hips toward him so that he could take her as he stood. It didn't last long however. Joss laid back on the sheepskin so that he could mount her there.
Honey lay on the warm stones dreaming of chasing rabbits.
The only one who heard her faint cries from the tower was her secretary, a pretty woman of perhaps twenty-eight whose own line descended from the families of the servants of the lords of this place. She'd had no need to offer her services, other than an old sense of duty and a desire for the chance to work amid the many ghosts of the old place where her own history was tied as securely as those old spirits. She was here just as many of her fore bearers had been before her. The previous holder of the position had retired and suggested her daughter as her replacement. One long interview later ...
Gwendolyn smiled as she looked up and moved her long red hair out of her eyes. She was the only one who knew the secret of the Lord and the Lady Moreth. She wore her own cloak today, one that matched the one around her mistress' lovely shoulders. The cloak had been a gift from the Lady. It was a fine and expensive one and it suited the climate. Besides, she just liked the way that it felt.
There was no one else in the whole place today, and she walked to one of the lower turrets and she spread her blanket and removed her clothes, hoping to maybe get a little bit of a tan.
But before long, the sounds from the high turret got to her and she spread her legs to enjoy more than the sunshine. She fully intended to tell the Lady about what she was doing and why. They'd become friends and always shared their thoughts. It was how Gwendolyn measured her performance in her job. It was what she believed her role to be in the castle and she treasured Joss' friendship.
When Chris had gone inside to bring them something to drink, Joss looked over the turret for a few moments, savoring the tickle of his seed as it ran down her leg. She'd had a clue that something like this might happen, since she'd gotten to know her paid servant rather well. She looked down and sighed with contentment.
Joss had few if any inclinations toward her own sex, she just thought that it was a beautiful thing to see, her lovely servant girl pleasuring herself in the sun below her on the warm stones of the turret. She smiled, thinking about how well she and Gwen seemed to work together on the many tasks which made up the workload of a modern-day Countess and knew that she'd be lost without her. Besides working well together, they shared one other thing between them, and it had come about because, well, ...
------------
Gwendolyn knew all of the tawdry tales of the incestuous or otherwise forbidden relationships that had gone on in the place and they both loved to tell each other naughty stories the odd time. Joss didn't think she was very good at it herself, but Gwen loved to listen and she was interested in the way that Joss painted scenes of where she was from.
Gwen was such a fine storyteller that the two of them had a lot of fun as the sordid past sprang to life in the Northern accent of the servant as they sat together before the fireplace late at night when Chris was in another town and not back yet. They'd been a bit embarrassed at first, but then they'd just laughed about it and it had become something of a semi-regular thing that they just enjoyed now and then.
Gwen had asked Joss one time to tell of any slightly dirty tale that she might know, and having none to tell, Joss had told her of her own tale of the collar and on later evenings, she told of some of the things that she liked to do, both as the slave and as Chloe, before and after beginning with Chris, going back to her childhood and the way that she'd loved to just run around naked given half the chance. She told of her close calls and some of her adventures at college. Once it had become a regular sort of thing - the telling of the tales - as they called it, Gwen's own mild fetish had made itself known and Joss had given her the gift which had cemented their friendship.
Gwendolyn had asked if she might put the cloak on right then and Joss had nodded, smiling. "I hope you find a good man for yourself one day very soon who shares your want of a collar," she said, "I kind of like the idea of the cult of the collar and the cloak."
"I do as well," Gwen had replied, "If I had my way - the way that wearing this makes me feel, there'd be a lot of us and this would be the livery of the slaves. I think there would be a lot more smiling around here then. The old place needs that more than anything, though it looks a lot cheerier with you and his Lordship here now."
The 'livery of the slaves' quickly became the dress for the evening, whenever they had the chance to tell their tales. They always started out wearing the cloaks over their clothes, but the cloaks were discarded after the fireplace got going. It was just the way to set the mood for the stories, that was all. There really wasn't any more to it than that - two friends telling stories.
Joss had seen that Gwen was a kindred spirit even before the night that she'd listened spellbound as the servant girl told of one of her own ancestors. The tale concerned a girl who'd loved nothing more than to make her way to the stables on carefully chosen evenings so that she could be bound by the wrists with leather thongs and used by the well-built stable hands on duty on those nights, though there had been a sad end.
One was her brother and the other a close cousin, after all. But it was fun while it lasted until her husband found out one night, Gwen laughed and Joss had nodded that it must have been. Though she had no particular interest in incest, she just liked the naughtiness of it all.
"I just wonder if this is too naughty," Joss smiled.
"Not by half," her friend said, "That was a mild tale. I only brought it up because of the way that she liked to be bound and because she was an ancestor of mine. I thought you'd just like to hear one like that."
Well, I did," Joss grinned, "That was fun."
"You want fun, Mistress, then you just make sure you've got a hard little toy with you when you think about the tales I'll tell the next time," Gwen said with a wink, "I know a few that you'll need one to remember them with if you're alone, trust me. I've another ancestor who was the tax collector. That job had some perks to it, I daresay."
She smiled thoughtfully, "I'm so happy for your friendship and I love the way that we always laugh and enjoy our time with these stories."
Joss agreed, "The way that we usually have to run from one place to another one day and spend the next bogged down in papers, Gwen, I just love these times too."
"Are you ready for another one, then?" she asked.
Joss nodded as she sipped her brandy.
"There's a guarded little story about the Gossip's Pillory. It's an ordinary pillory or whipping post where a person's neck and arms would be retrained, but it was separate from the usual one. It still exists. I can show it to you. It's shorter than the normal height, but then, "she smirked, "it was all about access back then as you'll see, wasn't it?
It was reserved for gossips who often spread unsavory and dirty little stories about people. If they were charged and the rumors found to be fanciful lies, the gossip was put there. The odd time that it was a man, he was just whipped, but, ...
For women, it was a week on the Gossip's Pillory. It was actually more like a long afternoon, really. Seven men were chosen, one for each day of the week. The accuser, if he was a man, was never allowed to be one of the seven. If the gossip was married, her husband was always among the seven. Failing that or if her husband refused, the gossip could name one man of her choice if she wanted. Sometimes she was allowed to have both, but then the husband knew who it was that she fancied, yeah? It could be a dangerous choice.
The Gossips Pillory is on the top of one of the lower turrets, not really in sight of the ground, but well in sight of the tower since the Lord and the Lady would watch most often. Anyway, the men were hooded and they'd have the gossip once each at intervals of one hour. Each man would leave after his turn and the gossip would be freed at sundown.
The redhead chuckled softly, "I do have my own dark history here, you know," she hinted mysteriously, "I used to come here at night sometimes. Some of the girls in the village would come for a little fun with their boys, just the usual teenage stuff. I used to do that as well, but I found a way to take it farther in keeping with the history of this old place. Just coming here for a kiss and a bit of a fumble was for those who lacked a sense of the past.
But me Joss, "she smiled wickedly, "being descended from this place and its past, and knowing who I am, well, I wanted to do it differently. I've never told this to a soul, but I am a little proud of myself in my heart for what I used to do here then. I was never the kind like you who had her fun in the daytime, as lovely as it sounds to me when you tell it. You make it sound so dreamy. I loved the night for my adventures."
Joss blinked in the silence. "Well, are you gonna tell me?"
"I don't know," Gwendolyn chuckled, "You're my employer. I wouldn't want to risk losing my job over it."
Joss shook her head, "Nope, you don't have to worry 'bout that, Gwen. What kind of friend would I be then?"
She looked over hopefully, "Was it dirty?"
The servant nodded, "About the naughtiest thing I've ever done - and I did it as often as I could manage it!" She laughed, "For something like this, I ought to charge a price to tell it. It's a little delicious - at least I think it is."
"Then I need to hear it now," Joss smiled, "What kind of price?"
"I dunno," her friend said, "something small, I think. Something that shows our friendship and binds us both to the telling of the tales. What do you think?"
Joss thought about what she knew of Gwen and then looked up chuckling. "I've got just the thing!"
She stood up and left the room, returning a minute later and they both laughed at the new collar that she placed in Gwen's hands.
"For when you find that man," Joss smiled.
Gwen was actually a little touched. "I was only fishing for another snifter-full of brandy, Joss. Thank you so much."
Joss shrugged as she poured the brandy, "We're pretty much the same. We just like being a little helpless. I keep hearing about folks who go way too far, from what I've heard. And we both like the tales, right? Now come on, Gwen, spill it."
Gwen smiled as she sat back after a sip, "Well, I used to date a set of twins when I was about nineteen. We'd come here sometimes late at night. They'd tie me into the stocks and then they'd have their way for a time. They could do anything they wanted, other than hurt me, and the two of them would drive me mad teasing me with their hands everywhere on me - and I couldn't do a thing about it.
They had their hands and fingers everywhere, and they brought a small crate so that one of them could stand on it facing me while the other would tease me. They knew just the right way to do it, too, and after only a minute or two of that, and I'd suck anything that was in front of my mouth for all I was worth. But in the pillory, you had to be careful and slow so that you wouldn't choke. It made my desire even worse!
After they'd each had me a couple of times, I'd just barely be able to stand, half-limp and incredibly happy in the stocks."
She smiled, remembering, "Then they'd let me free and I'd just sink to the ground in a heap and they'd fuck me any way that they wanted. After standing in the stocks there for a little while - and it wasn't uncomfortable at all, just restraining - all that I could do was moan like a hound aching for his bitch. We had to be careful that I didn't make too much noise, of course, but it was great fun.
I always hoped for nights with at least a little bit of a moon after the first time, because I looked up once while I was on the ground and I saw the old Lord looking down at me from the high turret. We could see each other easily and I knew that he was watching - just like the old days."
She threw her head back and laughed a little, "Your husband's grandfather always liked to watch me being fucked and I tried to arrange it so that he could see us easily by moonlight. He never made a sound, and my two boyfriends never knew. It was just the old Lord and I who shared this. We even used to smile at each other, if I could manage to do it and not have my men notice."
She lowered her voice to a whisper. "I'll only tell this to you, Joss. What I really wanted then was for my handsome twins to leave when they were finished - just to leave me there alone, well-fucked and naked on the top of the low turret of this castle. It was always a little cold there at that time of night, but I always had enough blankets to be under. It was plain enough what I was doing there."
She looked into the flames of the fire for a long moment. "I doubt a lot of women my age would understand it, and I don't know if you would, either, my dear friend, but I'd have given anything just to have the Lord come down to me there and talk with me. He knew how I love this place and its history. I saw him once a year or so later in the pub sitting alone, so I sat down and we talked all evening. He told me that he'd always enjoyed it when he'd seen me there on the turret with my two boys. He winked and said that as long as the place had a lusty wench like me around, it would always have a life. He meant it earnestly, and I was honored to hear it from him."
She sipped her brandy a moment. "I was happy only to have him near me and talking with me about the place, but I'd have let him have me too if he'd asked. I'd have considered it a high honor to have had the Earl myself just once. He was a widower in his sixties then, and I've heard that he wasn't exactly inactive either, but he was handsome and I'd have done my best for him and considered it my privilege to service my lord sort of like the old days."
She sighed, "I do hope he had a good wank from it every time, but I'll never know, will I?"
"So," Gwen smiled, "Was my story worth the price?"
Joss nodded and they laughed over it. "What do you mean, the old days?"
Gwen laughed, "There's no real way to tell about every time that it happened, but other than the proper marriages to lesser family members, and that happened twice, there are at least four other times that it is possible that my bloodline crosses with the Moreths. You know, little bastards here and there, the products of a Moreth woman having her fun, or one of my family's wenches keeping a Moreth man happy in a situation where their hearts ruled but nothing could be spoken of. It's still going on, you know.
Why do you think Lady Bethany never married? She's loved my uncle forever, but the match wasn't good enough because the families are too close so they stayed single, but happy with each other. I daresay that if there was a way to know for certain, your husband and I are very likely related in more ways than it would be prudent to know and reveal to outsiders. I'm certain that the last crossing of our lines happened within the last century for sure."
Gwen looked at Joss, "Do you ever think about our stories and you know, fool with yourself sometimes when you've a chance? I certainly do, and I'll admit it to you alone."
Joss shook her head, "No," but she blushed bright red, and nodded then with a bit of an embarrassed chuckle.
"Yeah, I do sometimes. Your stories are just so good, Gwen."
"Well if his Lordship is late getting home some night, get your fingers started with my tale, Joss. This is partly about me, after all. I'll take it as an insult if my own dirty little predilections aren't worth you squishing yourself over and I may not tell you any more then." She sniffed a little haughtily.
"Aw, please, Gwen," Joss laughed, "I need to hear more now! Did the punishment stop the gossiping?"
Gwen shook her head. "It didn't really work with a lot of the women."
She smirked. "Most of them would go home and hold their tongues for only a little while until the talk died down. Then they'd start all over again because they liked being fucked like that. They couldn't get away with something like that today, for obvious reasons. but back then, the lords had all the power, didn't they?"
"But it does leave us a lot of juicy stories, doesn't it?" Gwen smiled and chuckled, "We're just awful, aren't we?"
Joss nodded, "We are surely going straight to Hell for this. Go on."
"Well, the Lord stopped the practice of the seven men, since it wasn't helping to quell the spread of the lies, and he changed the punishment to seven strokes of the lash and one man, rather than seven."
Joss gasped, "Just one?"
"Yes," Gwen smiled, "Just one, the hangman. From what I've been told, he was a great uh, big burly bear of a man, and he could go all afternoon."
Joss stared, but she loved this. "Did the rumors stop then?"
Gwen smiled, "No. I'm told that there were still two women who kept it up and told even more lies which were easily found out, since they started to tell them about each other. The Lord had to banish them in the end out of desperation. It was either that or kill them." Gwen grinned, "The pen may be mightier than the sword, but nothing stops a naughty tale if there's a good fucking to it."
Both of them collapsed in laughter.
-------------
Joss turned and smiled as her husband walked out to her, offering a Mason jar of tea. They sat and sipped awhile in silence, holding hands.
"You know?" she smiled, "You couldn't buy a day like this for anything. Are you happy here, Chris? Are you sure that you wouldn't rather be a marshal again?"
"I kind of miss it," he said, "but I like life here with you a lot better. You never mentioned it, but I knew that you were afraid that something might happen to me one day. I think that was what made it easier to just tell Aunt Bethany yes. I mean, I knew what was at staked for my relatives and all, but I wanted this with you, Joss, and that made the choice just that much clearer.
"I don't ever want to be without you again," she said, "I couldn't sleep a wink for worry until you came home. Now my life feels like a storybook where I have to dust off the pages of the old stuff and write new pages every day with you here."
Chris nodded, smiling as he watched Joss lie down on the stone table again. He produced the ropes to tie her wrists to the loops carved into the stone.
Gwen didn't know for certain that her mistress had just been laid out on the old table and fucked well by the Lord, but she was at least a little sure of it and she hoped that they'd do it again. That was what the table had been made and placed there for long ago, for days such as this. That was why she'd told the Lord about it and suggested the traditional sheep skins. Joss wasn't the first Countess who had liked to be something of a slave to her lord.
There was no relationship between them, other than professional and the memories of when she'd dreamed of him when she was a girl, but Gwen still liked and admired Chris anyway and had struggled for a while to suggest it to him. She'd meant every word that she'd said and she knew that he'd understand it.
In a few minutes, Gwendolyn smiled as her hands began again, hearing the cries of her friend once more. She looked forward to hearing what it had been like for Joss and she really hoped that one warm day with the right man, she could try it too.
She hadn't met the man yet, but she was certain that her friend would allow her the use of the table.
--------------
Shannon opened the door in response to the sound of the doorbell. She smiled.
"Boy, you just won't take 'no' for an answer, huh?"
"Where's Chris?" Julie asked.
"Far away," Lucas said as he walked up, "He doesn't live here anymore. We rent the place from him, that's all."
"Well, where can I find him then?"
"England," Shannon grinned, "he lives there these days in a big old house - and I mean real big and real old, with his wife the Countess and his dog. It's that way," she pointed, "you just fly that way. Hang a left about the time you get to Spain," she said, closing the door.
The End
--------------
**To my knowledge, there is no Earl (or anything else) of Moreth. This is a work of fiction, and any resemblance to any person living or dead, ... well, you know the score, right? O_o