This is the second part of my semi autobiographical New Villa story. Once again I got carried away with the writing, my over active sexual imagination fusing with my true memories. I hope you enjoy reading it. Comments, contacts and votes are always very welcome, providing me with feedback and validation.
Biggalute x
When Becky came back up onto the terrace she seemed subdued, even a little shy and embarrassed. Sarah and Berni didn't seem to take much notice, probably being more use to her. The events of the morning had, for me at least, been completely mind blowing. The three of them had, at Becky's behest, concocted a scene where Becky had been abused and humiliated, finishing with me ejaculating all over her face as Berni held her tightly by the hair.
After I'd cum all over her, Becky had left us, apparently to masturbate, I had been told that they all had their kinks which over the years they had helped each other fulfill and that they intended to bring out the kink in me. I was both nervous and very turned on at the prospect.
Recap- Me and Berni were a loved-up late twenties couple who had just bought a villa in Portugal, close to our favorite nudist beach. We'd bought the villa instead of the property we'd planned to buy in London. This was our first time at our new villa and Berni had invited her two oldest and closest friends to join us. I knew from a few stories that they had been wild in their late teens and early twenties but I couldn't possibly have imagined a scene like we had earlier. As I sat there looking at Becky I felt a mixture of guilt, confusion and awe.
I wanted to talk to Becky but didn't know where to start. Instead I said I'd get more drinks for everybody and left for the kitchen, followed by Berni who said she'd make some sandwiches for lunch.
I was the first to speak, "This is totally weird, even us stood here naked in our own kitchen, in our own villa. I really like Sarah and Becky and love the sexy banter and teasing, but the whole sex thing this morning has freaked me out." I was getting into my stride but Berni silenced me by pulling my head down and kissing me; as she pressed her body into mine I couldn't help but get aroused.
She broke the embrace and laughed, "You're just a horny dog really."
This annoyed me "I'm only a horny dog for you, they're sexy girls but I don't want them, I want you."
I think Berni was a bit taken aback by my anger, maybe she'd misread me and the situation. I'm not sure if I'd raised my voice but she looked upset and I became aware my own physical presence, towering over Berni and probably quite threatening. I took a step back and sat on one of the kitchen chairs. I immediately started laughing.
"What?" Berni asked, her eyes beginning to well up.
"We'll have to get rid of these chairs, the seat is plastic covered and my sweaty ass has stuck to it."
We both started laughing more than the situation warranted, "Fool" Berni said as she walked towards me and stood between my legs, our heads now at the same height.
"Joe, I adore you and would never do anything to hurt you or us. You're the kindest, sexiest man I've..."
I tried Berni's trick of kissing to stop the talking but she pushed me back, "Let me finish, I need to say this. Where do I begin. I love you and love being with you; I love our sex life and want to spend my whole life with you. The girls are my closest friends. Yes we're wild when we're together but that's ok, we know each other's buttons and how their minds work. I thought when I settled down with you that that would all be behind me, but I don't want it to be. If I have to hide things from you or deny things from myself then I feel like there's a part of me missing. I want you to be part of it and so do Becky and Sarah. They both adore you and trust you. They think I'm the luckiest woman alive and so do I."
I nearly said something silly and flippant but thankfully managed to hold my tongue, Berni continued, "These two weeks are going to be brilliant, going to the beach, introducing the girls to our friends and generally having a great time and relaxing. This morning wasn't planned as such, we just started with a silly idea and waited to see where it went. Becky is one of the smartest, most together people you'll ever meet but sometimes she likes to let go and play the role of a submissive slut. It freaked us out when we first heard about it but we came to accept it and have helped her with it, making sure she is safe. Believe it or not this morning was fairly tame. We've become like our own little kinky sisterhood and would do anything for each other."
"I can see that." I said sincerely.
"It's nearly killed me over the past three years, not being with the girls so much and getting up to our usual shenanigans. I thought I should hide it from you, that you'd be to upset and freaked, but you're an emotionally intelligent man and the girls have convinced me that you'd be able to understand."
I looked at Berni, in my heart there was nothing I wouldn't do for her but I had to get my head on the same wavelength. As always I quickly processed my thoughts and decided what I wanted to ask and say, but couldn't help but say something silly first. "You lot only want me for my big dick."
"And." Berni smiled "You got a problem with that."
I smiled back, "Seriously, I hear what you're saying and it sounds fine, in fact it sounds better than fine, it sounds fucking amazing. But think about it, you get up to things, enjoy yourselves and then go your own separate ways. We're in a relationship, living together. If this goes wrong then we're fucked.
I'm a bloke and I love being horny and turned on, I love sex, I love fucking you and I'm sure if I let my dick do the talking that I'd love doing things with Sarah and Becky, but I'd be so nervous of upsetting and losing you."
Berni looked at me for what felt like ages, finally she said, "You're right, this is different but I really think it will be ok. We're all on the same page and none of us would ever do anything we didn't want to or do anything that someone didn't want us to do. Will you just trust me, go along with it and I'm sure you'll enjoy it and that we'll grow as a couple from it."
I nodded, mainly because I couldn't think of anything else to say but also because I wanted to get off the sticky chair. I stood and pulled Berni to me, holding her tight. I had one last question, "What was Sarah saying about wanting to be fucked up the bum?"
Berni smiled, squeezed my dick hard and said, "I knew we'd convince you."
Back on the terrace I put the drinks and sandwiches on the table while Berni went and spoke to Sarah and Becky. I sat down and watched them, not quite able to hear the conversation. After a few moments they came to join me; if nothing else happened on this holiday I would still be happy, Berni and Becky naked like myself and Sarah in only skimpy bikini bottoms were a sight for sore eyes. They were all smiling as they sat down.
"What you staring at?" Berni asked good naturedly.
Even though I was still a bit uncertain about the whole setup, I did feel emboldened by my conversation with Berni. "I was just admiring the three gorgeous women in front of me and thinking one of them was wearing far too many clothes."
Berni had a smirk on her face as if to say 'cheeky bastard', I smiled back, trying to look innocent.
"That must be little ol' me." Sarah said, doing a dipsy southern belle impression, she stood with a flourish and went to remove her bikini.
"Not so fast missy, remember the traditions we mentioned this morning."
Sarah looked blankly at Berni, "You have to stand in front of us and bend over as you remove your bottoms before prancing around so that we can all stare at you." Berni helpfully reminded her.
Sarah was a bold one and without batting an eyelid she moved away from her chair and stood at the end of the table, her back to us. She looked over her shoulder as if to say 'ready?'
We all nodded and Sarah shimmied her feet apart, making her tight muscles wobble as much as they could. Whilst Berni and Becky were curvy with plump, round asses, Sarah was naturally slimmer, tall with long toned legs and a tight little ass.
She bent slowly, lowering her bikini side by side as she went, tantalizing us. Even though Becky and Sarah had seen it all before they seemed as transfixed as me, their eyes never leaving Sarah as she bent over.
As her head came close to her knees, the top half of her bum and crack were visible, the bottom half covered by what was left of the bikini. She held the position for a moment before pulling the bikini down to her ankles and stepping out of it without straitening up, she seemed very agile.
Her straight legs and taut bum cheeks combined to give a great view, her puckered hole and lightly haired pussy completely on view. She was about to straighten when Berni said "Spread em'." Sarah began shuffling her legs apart.
"Not your legs, your ass cheeks." I was a bit shocked by this but Sarah didn't seem to mind or care, her hands coming up and pulling the tight cheeks even further apart.
It was the most pornographically delicious sight I had ever seen, and I found myself leaning forward to get closer. "Which hole do you fancy Joe?' Berni asked me.
Before I could even begin to think of an answer Becky said "I've had my tongue in both and they're equally delicious."
I think even Berni was shocked, guffawing before her and Becky got into kinks of laughter. I was laughing along as Sarah straightened up, red faced but smiling "Dirty bitch." She said, shaking her head at Becky.
It was enough messing for now and we decided Sarah didn't need to parade, although I loved the way her lean body moved and would've enjoyed watching her. As we sat there eating lunch, talking about this and that, it struck me that no one was mentioning the morning or Sarah's more recent show; as if they were just part and parcel of the day and nothing extraordinary.
It was still early in the season and the heat and sun were just right, making me feel wonderful as I lay on my lounger. After the lunch and the little bit of alcohol I could easily have fallen asleep. Instead I found my thoughts wandering, not in an agitated way but in a languid, happy way. I knew Berni loved sex and had a healthy and open view of it, but was it really possible that I never knew about her and the girls. It obviously was and I could see how happy she was that I now knew about it and was even participating. This made me happy and I dosed off dreaming about the days ahead.
It was nearly five o'clock when I woke and I found I had a light sheet over me, Berni was clearing off the table and Sarah and Becky were nowhere to be seen.
"Hi sleepy head."
"Was I asleep long?"
"About two hours and you were snoring like a trooper. Sarah put the sheet over you so you wouldn't get burnt, said she had to protect the equipment." Even the nicest gesture had to have a sexual connotation added to it. "They've gone for a shower."
"I think I might join them, wake me up a bit." Berni looked at me crooked, a little smirk on her face, copping on I said. "A shower on my own I mean."
Berni started laughing, "Relax Joe, I'm pulling your leg. Although I'm sure the girls would be delighted to wash your crack and sack for you." I managed an 'umm' before heading to the door, Berni shouting after me, "After your shower come back here still naked, I've a little surprise planned for you."
I was intrigued. Even if we'd been naked all day, around the pool or on the beach, we would always get dressed in the evening; it sort of broke up the day and made the evening special. After the day's events I could only imagine what she had planned, but I'd decided to go along with Berni and embrace this side of her life. So naked I would be.
I took my time showering and was relieved that there was no sign of Becky or Sarah. Looking in the mirror after the shower I was reminded that I'd been busy lately and hadn't got to the gym as much as I'd like. I also knew that we'd be eating and drinking a lot over the next two weeks so decided that I'd go for a run and do some push-ups in the morning. Other than my image in the mirror I felt really good, I was in my own villa in the sun, I'd had an amazing, almost mind blowing day and I was in love with an incredible, sexy, interesting woman. I shaved and primped and preened myself, even putting on some aftershave Berni had bought me for Christmas. It felt weird not to be getting dressed but I took a deep breath and went to join the girls on the terrace.
I was more than a bit fucked off when I realized I was the only one still naked. Sarah had a long, flowing dress on, whilst Becky and Berni both had shorts and loose, strappy tops on. The only positive was that none of them seemed to have underwear on, Becky and Berni's tits bouncing around delightfully as they moved.
"I suppose you all think this is funny." This came out more angrily that I'd intended but they didn't seem to notice, all giggling instead. "if you think I'm going to do the naked waiter gig for you, you can forget it."
More giggling before Berni managed to speak, "It's worse than that Joe." Their laughter increased and I just stood there bollock naked, waiting. My anger settled as I realized how silly I must look, trying to look indignant with my wedding tackle dangling freely between my legs. Unable to help myself, I started to smile. When they finally stopped laughing Berni explained their plan.
"I know you bought loads of food this morning but no one could be bothered cooking so we've ordered a take away from the Chinese in town, it should be here in about fifteen minutes."
This didn't sound too bad, I liked Chinese food. Berni continued, "as an initiation into our group of slappers, flappers and tarts we've decided you should answer the door and pay for the food."
"Like this?" Berni nodded, "No fucking way. For one it's probably illegal, and for two, we'll be spending a lot of time here, we don't need this kind of hassle or reputation."
"Don't be a pussy, they see lots of naked people in this part of Portugal and I'm sure they know it's mainly naturists in this compound."
I wasn't convinced but before I could say anymore Sarah spoke, "Just think of the benefits of being a fully paid up member of our secret little organization."
"What benefits?" I blurted out before I could stop myself; you could see Sarah brain working overtime as she tried to come up with some. This really was surreal, me naked with three beautiful woman stood around me, one of whom was my fiancée, discussing a secret, non excitant organization and the food due to arrive any moment.
Sarah finally spoke, "Well, you get a welcoming kiss from all the other members and one of our exclusive business cards." She searched in her bag and came out with a cheap business card, the type you'd get from a machine in the airport. 'Sarah Jones, Recruitment Specialist and Board Member, Slappers, Flappers and Tarts Int.' Underneath was a Betty Boop type character, bent over, her skirt up and her bum showing. This was funny and we were all laughing about it when the doorbell rang. I think I froze but Berni seemed cool, passing me some money and nodding with her head for me to go to the door. I looked at the three expectant faces, took a deep breath and went to the door. The hallway was narrow so they couldn't follow me but I was aware of them all moving to the living room window to look out.
As I approached the door I was really nervous and felt really stupid, having to force myself onwards. My dick was thankfully nowhere near erect but still too big and obvious to hide. I took another big breath, forced a smile on my face and opened the door.
I was expecting a Chinese person but instead there was a young Portuguese guy, he handed me the bags, not really paying much attention. As I handed him the money he took a sharp step back, having just noticed my nakedness. i didn't know if we were due change but I wasn't going to hang around to find out. As I stepped back to shut the door he just stood there smiling, his eyes dropping to my dick and his smile broadening. He brought his eyes back up and gave me a thumbs up before turning back to his moped. I just stood there flabbergasted.
"He looked cute." Becky said.
"Hands off, he's mine." I said to confused looks "I think he was gay, he certainly liked the look of my dick." After we stopped laughing Becky said, "Welcome to the club, I think you could be the biggest tart of all, chief tart instead of chief scout or something."
Before I ate I went and put some shorts and a t-shirt on; Berni understood but Sarah asked me why, I explained about our evening ritual and both Sarah and Becky seemed to think it was a good idea.
"Besides." Berni said in between mouthfuls of noodles "we like to go to pubs and clubs in the evening and you can't flash your tits and ass at someone if you're already naked." They laughed, I just smiled and shook my head in dismay.
The rest of the evening was really lovely, a little bit of chat, a little bit of wine and watching a bizarre, terribly acted Portuguese soap on our two channel TV.
I was awake early the next morning and Berni hardly stirred as I climbed out of bed. I walked naked to the kitchen, stopping besides the girls room but hearing no sounds. Before the holiday I'd been nervous about being nude around Berni's friends and thought it might spoil the holiday for me. As things had turned out being nude was the least of my worries, I felt fucking brilliant.
I thought about my run but decided I couldn't be bothered. Deciding instead to walk to the local village, get a coffee in the local café and bring back some pastries. It took about fifteen minutes to walk and I really pushed it, feeling guilty for not going for a run. The locals were always friendly and I'd come to recognize some faces, the early morning coffee being like a ritual to me each time we stayed in the villas.
It was a small village with only half a dozen shops and at this time only the café/bakery and the barbers were open. As I drank my coffee I decided to go for a haircut, I didn't really need one, but anytime I'd been in there I'd come away invigorated and feeling marvelous. Martim, the barber who owned it was traditional, never rushing, giving a little Indian head massage with each haircut and the most incredible hot towel shaves, cut throat razor and all. It didn't hurt that his trainee was his daughter Ana and she was stunning, sallow skin, great body and a winning smile. She spoke good English which was also helpful.
Martim always did the shaves, but each time I'd been Ana had been doing more of the haircuts, she was chatty and attentive without being flirty and was very popular with the customers.
As soon as I entered the shop things looked different, it was empty but it looked brighter, cleaner and bigger, if that's possible. Ana greeted me "Hello Joe, welcome back." I was amazed she'd remembered my name.
"Thanks, the shop is looking nice."
"Thank you, I redecorated after my grandfather died." Shit, I'd always thought he was her father.
"Sorry to hear that, when did he die?"
"Just before Christmas, he was ill for a long time but never stopped working. It's my place now and I've been making changes. We do women's hair now and we're knocking into the old cottage next door to make a little spa." As if reading my mind she picked up her grandfathers old cut throat and said "We still do the old stuff."
The blade was flashing in the morning light and I found myself feeling nervous. "I had a shave last night."
"I can see that but it won't be as close as this, besides it's good practice for me and I won't charge you."
I couldn't refuse and as soon as I sat in the comfortable old barbers chair and put my head back I found myself relaxing. Ana placed a hot towel on my face and as this was softening the skin she started to massage my temples. Martim had done this many times but it never felt this good. I found myself relaxed and aroused at the same time. She moved from my temples to my neck, massaging for a few moments and telling me to 'let the tension go'. She removed the towel and made a show of checking the sharp blade, smiling delightfully at my wide eyed expression. "Relax, I'm good." And as soon as the blade touched my neck I knew she was good, the strokes firm and steady.
I had my eyes closed but sensed that she was smiling, opening my eyes I saw her looking at me, her eyes smiling more than her mouth. "What?" I said, smiling back.
She was hesitant, finally saying "I'm wondering whether to tell you a little secret."
"Please do." I said more excitedly than I expected.
"Me and my friends have been to the nude beach a few Sundays last year and I saw you there. You and your girlfriend are very beautiful and sexy."
"So are you, I'm sorry I didn't see you there, I would have liked that." I said this trying to be cool and mature but was actually very turned on by it, becoming aware and nervous of an impending boner, my shorts wouldn't hide much.
I sensed there was more to the secret and couldn't wait to hear it. "Are there more secrets?" I asked gently. She began to blush but I sensed she wanted to tell me, I just smiled, giving her time.
"I practice with the razor down there." She nodded slightly and looked down. I followed her gaze but was a bit slow to catch on, finally I thought I knew what she was talking about.
"What, down there?" I said pointing with my head and my gaze at her pussy. She nodded, a goofy smile crossing her face.
"Wow, fab." Was all I managed to say; the now raging boner in my shorts wanting to ask to see it.
This was the mid nineties and shaving was rare, trimming as Berni and her friends did, being the most that many women would do. Whether it was my uncomfortable fidgeting about or something else I'm not sure, but Ana's eyes roamed down my body, coming to rest on my engorged member trying to escape the top of my shorts.
I mumbled a "Sorry." My cheeks rapidly reddening with mortification.
"It's ok, I noticed it on the beach last year."
Before I could say or do anything the door opened and a middle aged woman came in speaking rapidly in Portuguese. Ana pulled a face at me and explained that this was her first booking of the day. She went and greeted the lady, directing her away from me and giving me time to recover.
When I thought it was safe and decent to do so, I stood up. Ana came to the door but refused payment, accepting a nice tip instead. "Bye Joe, might see you Sunday." She said grinning. I literally skipped back to our villa.
The three of them were sat at the table drinking coffee, all wearing loose t-shits. "You look happy." Berni said.
"I am." I bent and cuddled Berni from behind, kissing the side of her neck as I did so.
"Where's my cuddle?" Becky asked as I stood up. I half looked to Berni who smiled, seemingly happy. I didn't know if I'd ever get use to this. I moved behind Becky and feeling emboldened I bent and cuddled her, my right hand on her right breast and my left slipping under the T-shirt and cupping the left. She moaned and pushed her body back into my groin. Funnily I didn't feel like I could kiss her. Instead just staring at Berni as I groped her.
"Little ones here waiting for a pinch." Sarah said this with a big grin and simultaneously lifted her shirt, showing her perky little tits and long nipples, nipples that both me and Berni had admired yesterday.
I let Becky go and moved to Sarah, not bending but standing upright as my fingers gave each nipple a little pinch, Sarah moaned and giggled and let her t-shirt drop.
"Lift it up, I want to see." I ordered. Sarah obeyed and I saw Berni and Becky exchange knowing glances, before looking up at me approvingly.
I was entranced by Sarah's nipples and as I started to gently role them between my finger and thumb, they seemed to grow, becoming as long as my thumb was wide.
"Fuck that feels sooo good." Sarah moaned
I was enjoying this, the power, the sex, the audience. Maybe I would make a good member of the club.
I was aware of my dick hardening but wanted this to be about Sarah, I leant forward a little, providing a gap between my crotch and Sarah's back. I applied more pressure, a part of my mind setting myself a challenge to make the nipples even longer. Sarah's breathing was quickening and she was wiggling in the chair, her legs were together but looking down I realized she had no knickers on, the dark hair just visible. This immediately brought visions of Ana to my head and my dick hardened even more and I lost concentration, squeezing harder that I probably should have.
Sarah yelped and I immediately let go, looking at her long misshapen nipples. "Don't stop, you can pull them as well as pinch them."
Instead of pinching or pulling I felt the urge to flick. I'm right handed and not very coordinated so I flicked one first and then the other, they virtually sprang back. Sarah gasped, " Again!" She said breathlessly.
I had nearly forgotten about Becky and Berni, my mind consumed by what I could do to Sarah's tits and nipples. I flicked a few times before grabbing both boobs and mauling roughly, squeezing with three fingers whilst pulling the nipples with my thumb and forefinger. Sarah responded with moans and groans and 'don't stop.' I don't think I was really in control, and couldn't have stopped, my mind set on seeing how much Sarah could take. I was pulling her nipples, her little boobs lifted off her chest and her whole torso straining upwards as Sarah shouted "I'm coming." She was panting and shuddering. "Rub them gently." She ordered, struggling to control her breathing. As she settled I gently let go and automatically leant down and kissed the top her head, she threw her head and body back so I could kiss her lips, her back colliding with my hard dick and winding her a little, "For fuck sake." She said.
As we both laughed I pulled her shirt gently back down, taking the opportunity to plant a little kiss on her cheek.
"God that was amazing, I've never cum just through tit play before." Sarah was in still in the clouds but was brought back to earth by Becky offering her a tube of cream "Here rub some of this in, they're gonna be fucking sore tomorrow."
"So speaks the voice of experience." Laughed Berni.
"Too fucking right."
Everyone tucked into the croissants before we went to our rooms to get ready for the beach. I'd been fairly quiet since nearly pulling Sarah's tits off and felt I needed to speak with Berni
"Sorry."
"For what?"
"For losing it a bit in there, I think I got carried away."
Berni smiled at me, a kind caring look in her eyes.
"You really get off on her, don't you?
"I don't know how or why but Sarah brings out some sort of animal in me, sorry."
"Don't be sorry, it's a good thing. A very fucking horny, good thing to watch. You were more in control than you think, anytime Sarah spoke you did what she wanted. If she said stop you would have but you also sensed what she wanted and that's an incredibly powerful, beautiful thing."
I still didn't feel right but only managed "Doesn't it make you jealous?"
"Only that I wasn't involved, but now I know what an expert nipple torturer you are, I will be." She said this, mocking me a bit. "Actually I'm not that into nipple torture, but you will discover what really drives me crazy and when I bring out the animal in you, watch out."
We arrived to the beach about twelve and although it was Tuesday and early in the season there were still about thirty people there, mainly older couples. We made our way to the bar, nodding to a few familiar faces along the way.
Marcus, the barman/owner greeted us like old friends, coming from behind the bar for a hug and continental style kiss on the cheek, his smile widening even more when he realized we had two more beautiful women with us.
"I heard you bought the Schultz villa, that's great."
"Yes it is, we hope to spend even more time down here now. What's the weather like in the winter?" I asked.
"Pleasant." He started laughing, seeing the confused look on our faces he explained, "That's my favourite English word, pleasant. It just seems so English." I sort of knew what he meant and being use to Marcus, me and Berni smiled along, Becky and Sarah looking at him as if he was a bit mad.
We all sat and had a beer, relaxing and looking out to the ocean. "Right, time for some sun." Berni announced and we followed her, finding a nice spot to lay our towels, not too close to anyone else but close enough to the bar and toilets.
Me and Berni began stripping off without really thinking about it, the girls seemed a bit more nervous. I think that even if you're a fairly wild character, getting nude with others on a beach takes a bit of getting use to. I was the first one undressed, having only shorts and a t-shirt on. I could have lain down but decided to stay standing, enjoying the freedom and enjoying the extra length the warm sun always added to my cock.
"You're such a tart Joe," Berni laughed. The girls looked at what Berni was laughing at, Sarah joining in but Becky just managing a weak smile. I'd known Becky as long as I'd known Berni and had grown very fond of her, thinking of her as a friend rather than Berni's best mate. Even when she was going through shit she remained upbeat. Berni and Sarah didn't seem to be taking too much notice but I was concerned, wondering if she was ok.
"Come on you tarts, get your kits off." Berni said, breaking my chain of thought,. "This isn't a strip show, just take your clothes off and lie down."
"You sound like most of my boyfriends." Said Sarah; this did bring a bigger smile to Becky's face.
We were laid in a row, I was at one end reading a book and Becky was at the other with headphones on, Berni and Sarah in the middle, chatting and giggling the whole time. I wasn't paying much attention to what they were saying but occasional a word or sentence would catch my attention 'you remember his foreskin' or something similar. They'd become aware of my interest and tell me to stop earwigging, giggling and going back to their conversation.
Berni and Sarah stood up, "We're going to the bar, who wants another drink" Becky removed her headphones and we both said we would.
"They'll be gone ages." Becky said.
"Why, what do you mean?"
"Well you know Berni's a bit of a tart and likes people looking at her." I nodded, "well Sarah's an even bigger exhibitionist. Berni's settled down a bit as she's got older and met you but Sarah's got worse."
I looked after the girls, rather than walking direct to the bar they were taking a longer route, walking hand in hand with a pep in their step and giving anyone who wanted to, a good chance to ogle. I just smiled and shook my head.
"Does it bother you, people ogling Berni?" Becky had inched a bit closer to me and was laying on her side. I turned on my side to look at her, we were about three feet apart.
"It took a bit of getting use to and I still have to occasionally bite my tongue but deep inside i know we're good and that Berni enjoys it, I think I've come to enjoy it myself a bit. I can laugh at it and enjoy Berni's enjoyment."
Becky started laughing, I wasn't sure why, "What?"
"I don't know what looks more obscene or ridiculous, My big boobs hanging down to the sand or your big dick just lying there, flopped over your leg."
I made a point of looking from one to the other and then doing it again, smiling I said "Equally ridiculous and equally lovely."
We were quiet for a while and I took the opportunity to change the subject, "How you doing?"
"I'm alright, why?"
"I don't know, you don't seem your normal self, a bit sad or upset."
Becky forced a half smile, "I'm alright, I just get this way sometimes."
I nodded, not wanting to probe and not knowing what to say anyway. After a short while Becky continued, "You know when Berni made you cum over my face the other day and Sarah spanked my ass."
I nodded, mortified. I wanted to apologize and was aware I was going red, before I could talk she continued, "Believe it or not I love it, I wanted that. In fact I could start playing with myself just thinking about it. I don't know why I love being treated that way, I just sometimes need it. Thing is, it leaves me emotionally drained, like I'm empty. The girls are brilliant, they look after me and love me back to myself. When I first went out with Steve I thought I'd found my soul mate, we'd play around and I wouldn't even get down afterwards. But he couldn't love me for who I was and got mad jealous and controlling and then violent."
She said all this matter-of-factly but I found myself grimacing at Steve's name. "It's not your fault, you only introduced us."
"I know, but I'm still gonna beat the shit out of him the next time we meet."
"Be my guest." She said with a smile. I was about to tell Becky that I understood what she was saying and that I would support her and look after her as well when I had a sillier thought. I got Berni's sun hat and passed it to her.
"What's this for?'
"You can have a wank, cover yourself with this."
"Piss off." We were both still laughing when Sarah and Berni returned, carrying four beers.
"You two seem happy, what you laughing about?"
"Nothing, what kept you, we thought you got lost."
"Berni was chatting Marcus up till he gave us free cocktails, took her ages, she must be losing her touch."
"Bitch! It was you flirting with those young Germans that kept us."
"Yeah, that blond one was a bit dishy wasn't he?"
They were both giggling and we were just smiling, looking up at them. It struck me how truly bizarre and wonderful this all was; laying in the sun, naked as the day we were born and talking about all sorts, but mainly sex.
We sat upright and they sat down between us, all our legs touching. I raised a toast, "To sun, sea and friendship."
"And sex." Sarah added, as I knew she would.
I'm not sure what flirting Sarah had been doing but the three German guys came out onto the beach and it was obvious they were looking for Sarah and Berni. One of them was nude whilst the others had swimming shorts on. They looked to be in their early twenties and were normal fit young guys.
By their faces I think they were a bit disappointed to see that I was with the girls, but they played it cool and laid their towels and bags down about thirty feet away from us. I was making fun of Sarah and Berni, saying they couldn't have made that big an impression. Sarah slagging me and saying I was cramping their style.
After a few minutes the guys starting playing keepie uppy with a soccer ball. I hadn't seen anyone playing sports on that beach before but it was half empty and no one seemed to mind. They were fairly skilled and did some quite long rallies before dropping the ball. I was more interested it their soccer skills than anything else but the three girls kept a running commentary on the way their muscles were flexing and how the nude ones dick was bouncing around.
"I think we should join them, show them how it's done." Sarah suggested. Becky said that she was happy lying where she was. I could see that Berni was tempted and if I hadn't been there she would have lead the way.
"Do you want to play Joe?" she asked me. I smiled thinking about my answer.
"It wouldn't be fair, me having three legs and all." I answered, looking down at my dick.
"In your dreams." And with that Berni and Sarah went to stand up.
"Sarah, put some of this on." Becky said, offering a small bag to Sarah.
Sarah looked bemused, "I already have sun lotion on."
"It's concealer, the bruises are starting to show on your boobs where Joe mauled them earlier. Anyway you can make a show of rubbing it in."
This she did, standing and facing the boys, wearing sunglasses and nothing else. Slowly rubbing the magic cream into her perk boobs and causing the boys to drop their ball and eventually stop playing all together when they realized they were allowed to stare.
I couldn't look, feeling guilty for causing the bruises and having more qualms about whether I wanted to be involved in any of this. I did manage to whisper to Berni, "You should rub it in, make it more erotic."
"Good idea, my kind of thinking." She kissed me deeply on the lips, whispering "I love you." As she broke the embrace. "Too late, she's finished." Berni stood up and her and Sarah set off towards boys, hips swaying and Berni's big tits bouncing deliciously.
"She practices that."
"What?"
"Making her tits bounce like that, she has a way of breathing that makes them bounce more, she showed me once."
"For fuck sake." I smiled and watched Berni and Sarah as they reached the boys, all of them with their eyes and dicks bulging, even the nude one. I didn't want to be bitchy but smiled to myself, I had no competition there. I think Becky must have read my mind because she laughed and said "What are you like."
I knew Berni didn't speak German and I think nor did Sarah, so the Germans must have spoken English because they were chatting and laughing, Berni with her shoulders back more than necessary and Sarah leading the talking as usual. She was gesturing with her hands and I could see the two boys in shorts looking at each other. Becky was laughing besides me, "She's telling them to take off their shorts before she'll play, she's such a fucking tease."
Right enough the boys began to lower their shorts, one even turning slightly around in embarrassment. I nearly felt sorry for them. We were a little bit away but the shy one seemed to have the best dick of the three.
I'd never known Berni to play soccer or even seen her kick a ball, turned out Sarah hadn't either. The boys would kick or head the ball to each other a few times and then to one of the girls who would make a mess of it. One of the lads retrieved the ball the first time but the second time Sarah insisted on getting it, bending at the waist so that anyone behind her got an eyeful. Many of the bathers in our area were now sat up watching, particularly the men.
Berni managed to return one pass, celebrating by running to Sarah as if she'd scored a goal, hugging each others nude bodies and jumping up and down. The lads were just staring, a bit bemused, but obviously enjoying the show.
I was enjoying the whole show myself, my dick getting increasingly harder as I watched them run about. This wasn't lost on Becky who gave it a discreet little slap, whispering "Behave yourself."
One of the German lads came up with an idea and got his mate to demonstrate it. He threw the ball up and his mate had to jump a little to head it. They did it twice then he turned to Berni and told her it was her turn. It was obvious what he was thinking and anyone who'd seen his friends little boner bounce around knew what was coming. Berni gleefully jumped up, making minimal contact with the ball but making her tits bounce madly.
"Cheeky bastard." I said, good naturedly. What struck me the most was how quickly they stopped bouncing and wobbling. Berni's age and time in the gym all helping.
I was enjoying the show but also aware that I was starting to feels pangs of jealously, not just for Berni but for Sarah too, which was a bit weird. I was fighting an internal battle, telling myself not to be silly when one of the German lads started to mark out a small goal in the sand.
They split into two teams, the taller blond lad who had always been nude pairing with Sarah and the shy one with the better dick teaming up with Berni, the other lad going in goal. Anyone who ever played soccer or any horny man in the world knew what this was about and I imagine so did the girls, but they played happily along.
The goalkeeper threw it out, blondie got the ball and passed to Sarah, this was on a beach so the ball just stopped at her feet, better dick tackled her almost in slow motion, managing to rub his arms off her boobs and his dick off her leg before getting the ball. He managed to do it fairly smoothly, not over obvious. Berni made a little run calling for the ball, taking it sort of serious. God love her, with her tits and ass jiggling, it was hard to think about the match.
Instead of passing, better dick dribbled the ball a little before shooting past the goalie. He ran to Berni for the team celebration;, before she could react he lifted her off the sand and squeezed tight, her tits nearly in his face and his dick wedged against her mound. I was just pleased she kept her legs straight and not around his waist.
It was Becky's turn to say "Cheeky bastard."
He put her down and I could see she was a little flustered, only some of it from being squeezed. Sarah came over and said something into her ear, Berni just nodded. Sarah called for the ball and passed it a short way to Blondie, as he went to move with it, Berni clumsily fouled him, making him fall over. Sarah was next to her and tried to get the ball but tripped in the sand, landing directly on top of blondie. I thought it was her way of canoodling with him but as she stood up he curled up in the sand, hands down at his groin. Sarah looked concerned and said sorry before turning with Berni and walking back to us, waving to better dick and the other one as they did so.
A couple of the people sitting closer to the match gave them a little round of applause which caused them to stop and smile, both bowing, I wished I was behind them.
Me and Becky had big grins on our faces as they reached us, Berni and Sarah giving each other a high five before bursting out laughing. When they stopped laughing Sarah explained that she quite fancied blondie, but that when all eyes were on better dick and Berni he'd grabbed her pussy and tried to finger her.
"A bit forward even for me." She joked. "That's what those people were clapping us for, they saw it."
It all began to fall into place, the foul and the falling over were deliberate. "I brought my knee and all my weight down on his bollocks."
"It's a shame it had to end, I was hoping my fella would score another goal." Berni said, smiling and then giving me a kiss when she saw I was smiling back. We stayed a little while longer before heading back, all of us on great form and the girls still animated about Sarah's attempt to stop German procreation for a few months, I just winced.
We had loads of food in the fridge but I said I'd like to take everyone for a meal, I joked it was a sort of thank you for letting me join the slappers, flappers and tarts club. I also said I'd go and buy a BBQ in the morning as we needed one for the villa and we could have a BBQ the next night. A kernel of an idea was forming in my head.
We all made a little effort getting dressed and each of the girls looked stunning, beginnings of sun tans adding a lovely glow to all their skin.
"You three look amazing, I'm afraid I'll let the team down."
"You can stay in the car." Becky joked.
I considered playing up and pretending to be the girls pimp or something but decided it wasn't that funny and decided to be myself and paying attention to all their conversations rather than zoning out.
I was up early again the next morning and did go for a run this time, ending up in the village, buying pastries and popping my head in to the barbers to say good morning to Ana.
When I got back they were all up and drinking coffee again, giving me flashbacks and making me ask Sarah how her boobs were.
"Sore, I'll let you kiss them better later."
They were all talking about going straight to the beach, saying they loved it yesterday. I convinced them to stay at the compound, maybe use the pool. I'd go and buy the BBQ and we could go to the beach after a light lunch, coming back later for the BBQ.
I spent a few bob on the BBQ, thinking a good quality one would last. I bought a lot more alchohol and headed back. The villa was quiet when I returned and I thought they were all down the pool. I put the drink away and set about bringing the BBQ up to the terrace. When I got there I found Becky by herself, sunbathing and reading.
"Those two slappers have gone for a swim, nice to have a bit of quiet time."
It was perfect, I wanted to talk to Becky about my idea and now was the ideal time. As I started assembling the BBQ, instructions in Portuguese, I was telling Becky my idea.
"Stop." She said.
"What?"
"Strip off, I can indulge my naked handyman fantasy as you work."
I pretended to be a bit offended but couldn't wait to join Becky in the nude. She was exited by my idea and made a few helpful suggestions. I was getting on well with the assembly, particularly as I only had the cheep tools that came with it. I was loving the sun on my back as I did something other than laying still.
"Can you give me a hand with this bit, just hold it together till I line up the screw." Becky came over and held the bits I wanted. As I squatted down and tried to thread the screw, my face was only inches from her boobs as she bent forward.
"Good job we're friends." I joked
"Oh I thought you were just the handyman, my friends get better treatment." With this she leant further forward, twisted her shoulders and gave my face a slap with her boobs.
"Thanks, I needed that to help me concentrate."
I stood up to admire my handy work, Becky looking down at my semi hard dick instead. "Will we grill a sausage."
"Behave your bleeding self," I laughed as I said this, but was nervous. I knew it was all light hearted banter but I loved Berni and was getting too turned on by Becky.
Berni and Sarah returned from the pool, Sarah complaining that the only cock she got to see belonged to a dirty old man.
"That's Herman, he lives down here all year."
"Well he certainly liked looking at Berni's tits, maybe we'll set him up with Becky, make his day."
"Make his bloody year as well." Berni added.
We eventually headed to the beach, the girls daring each other to be topless for the drive, I gave up trying to stop them and they all ended up with their tits out, just a couple of truck drivers noticing and bipping us up.
They were in great form and the giggling increased as we entered the bar and two of the German lads were there, but not Blondie, we surmised he was at home with an ice pack. I was a bit quieter and Berni asked me if I was ok. I was ok, just wondering about my plan.
The beach was a little bit busier than the day before but still with plenty of room. As I lead us to a spot near the top of the beach, a few people said hello, including the couple who had given Sarah and Berni a round of applause the day before, "Why so far from the sea?" asked Berni.
"Give more people a chance to gawk at your tits and ass when you go for a swim."
"Oh yeah, good idea." She giggled
We were just getting settled and comfortable when I heard a familiar voice, "Hi Joe."
I looked behind me and saw Ana and two friends coming towards us. I stood up to greet them, aware of three pairs of eyes following my every move. Ana was wearing shorts and a tight t-shirt, showing off her smallish boobs to good effect. She had a playful smile on her face and as she moved towards me for the obligatory peck on the cheek every sinew of my body was telling my cock, 'play it cool, don't get hard.'
Ana introduced her two friends, Joao, a handsomish young bloke who looked to be about Ana's age and seemed a tad uncomfortable and Ines, a very pretty young woman of about twenty five who was beaming ear to ear, obviously happy to be there and probably in on the plan. They both said hi, Ana and Ines' eyes both dropping to my dick but Joao looking anywhere but there.
I made the introductions, "Berni, Becky, Sarah, this is Ana, my barber, and these are her friends."
I could feel Berni's eyes even through her sunglasses as she forced a smile onto her face, before saying hi. Becky played it cool, just raising a hand in greeting. Sarah stood up to say hello, giving everyone a few moments to admire her nudity before moving in and giving each one a little a little hug of greeting, it certainly cheered Joao up.
The three of them left us and set their stuff down on the sand about twenty feet in front of us. I was looking forward to them stripping to the swimwear or less when Berni assailed me with her questions.
"You taking the piss, your barber?"
"It's a long story."
"No wonder you get your hair cut so fucking much."
I was expecting to get a bit of a ribbing but was taken aback by Berni's jealousy and anger, Becky came to my rescue. "They seem like a nice bunch, good to meet some locals."
Before anymore could be said Ana and her friends began to undress, which seemed to grab all our attentions. Ines was wearing loose trousers and a loose, long sleeved shirt, sort of hippy chic style. She seemed the most relaxed and quickly removed her trousers "Wow!" Said Becky, "Is that a tattoo?"
It was hard to see exactly from this distance but Ines seemed to have a tattoo from her right calf up to her bum, her bikini bottoms just visible under her shirt. As she straightened up the other two began to undress and it was hard to know who to watch. Ana pulled her t-shirt off to show her long, slim back, her naturally sallow skin and dark hair looking perfect in the setting. Unfortunately she sat down to remove her shorts. Joao removed his t-shirt and appeared to have tattoos on his back, he also sat down to remove his shorts.
Ines was still standing, looking down to the other two and talking. I'm sure she knew we were all watching as she removed her shirt. She was a little shorter and hippier than Ana, with a nice plump Mediterranean ass. I think we all said 'wow' when it became obvious that the tattoo extended up to her right shoulder. This was the mid nineties and female tattoos, particularly big ones weren't common. Berni was the first to speak, "I didn't know you knew Portuguese Hells Angels as well as barbers."
This seemed to dispel any bad atmosphere that had been left by Berni's jealousy. As we continued to watch, Ana removed her Bikini top and Ines knelt behind her to apply sunscreen to her back. I looked at other bathers around us and they were all watching also, whether at Ines's tattoo or at her bum which looked incredible as she knelt, her small bottoms wedged in her crack. I struck me that that looked sexier than a completely nude ass. Ines seemed to spend ages applying the cream, almost massaging it into Ana's back.
She shuffled over to Joao and quickly applied cream to his back before removing her bikini top and moving in front of Ana, giving us a quick side boob view as she did. Ana gave Ines the same attention she received and I could almost imagine Ines moaning with pleasure as Ana massaged her back.
The image of this and thoughts of what might happen later had me standing to attention, my dick obscenely rigid as it reached my bellybutton. Berni of course noticed, "Enjoying the show?"
"Absolutely."
"That's fucking ridiculous, I've changed my mind, that's never going up my ass." Added Sarah, causing us all to laugh. "Some people are so straight laced, no sense of adventure." I said, trying to keep a straight face.
Becky changed the subject, "Who wants another drink?" We all said we did.
"You come with me Joe, it's our turn to flirt at the bar." I looked down at my dick and shook my head, "I'll need a few minutes," I joked.
"Nonsense Joe, I'm sure your barber will enjoy seeing it." I think Berni was trying to be funny but it came across as bitchy and nasty. 'Fuck you' I thought and stood up, heading sideways towards the bar, Becky just behind me.
"What's her problem?" I asked Becky. She shushed me and said we'd talk in the bar. We got drinks for ourselves and sat down.
"I've known Berni longer than you, and in some ways I know her better." I nodded for her to continue. "It's complicated. Berni loves being involved in the sexual stuff with me and Sarah but she also likes being the centre of attention and she likes being in control. In her head she has this whole holiday planned, and Ana and her friends turning up has thrown her off."
This made sense to me, putting into words what I really already knew. Becky continued, "I think we should continue with the plan, but up the ante a bit, really drive Berni mad. I think the pay off will be worth it." I liked the idea but was nervous, normally I would smooth things over, anything for a quiet life.
I was enjoying talking to Becky and we decided to have another drink at the bar, Becky went and got them, smiling and slightly flustered when she came back, "That Marcus is a real flirt." I waited for her to explain but she didn't, just smiling happily to herself.
Eventually, out of nowhere she said, "Tell me about your dick." It was my turn to be flustered and pretty gob smacked, all I could think to say was, "Well, I was born with it."
She giggled at this and I wondered if she was a bit tipsy, "What I mean is, it's big all the time and when it's hard it's ridiculously big, are you proud of it, do you like people looking at it, that sort of thing."
I looked around to see if anybody could hear us, this was bizarre. "How about you, you're a beautiful lady with a great ass and amazing knockers, do you like people looking at them?"
"I do sometimes but it's different for women, we're nearly expected to show them off, they sell magazines and every product you can think of for fuck sake. Cocks are more taboo."
I knew she was right and as interesting a conversation as this might be, I wanted to change the subject, saying. "I like what I have and I try not to flaunt it, seems silly and immature." As an afterthought I added "It can be a pain in the ass or not as the case might be. I know we've been joking about fucking Sarah up the bum and it was never going to happen, but if it was going to happen it would be nearly impossible to fit me up there."
A wicked smile crept onto her face, "I think I could fit it in."
"Don't even go there," I said laughing but jumping to my feet and going to the bar to get drinks to take back.
I bought seven cold beers to take back, raising an eyebrow from Marcus who was as big a gossip as he was a flirt. We took a more circuitous route back, heading down to the sea and walking back up the sand. I was eager to see if Ana had removed her bikini bottoms but tried hard not to think about it. We reached Ana and her friends and Becky stood chatting with us for a few moments before heading up to Sarah and Berni.
Ana, Ines and Joao had all removed their bottoms and it was an amazing site, Ana and Ines were completely shaven and Joao's pubes were trimmed short. Their naked pussies were what me and Becky had been talking to them about, both the girls moving their legs slightly further apart to give us a better view. I also liked the look of Joao and said I would trim mine shorter. "Men do it to make their cocks look bigger, you don't need that." Ana said, all of us joining in the joke.
As Becky left us I squatted down, not wanting to stand above them with my dick dangling down. I was planning on chatting only briefly, just to wind Berni up but once we started I was interested in what they were saying. The three of them sat up properly and we clinked our beer bottles, 'cheers'
Ana kept her legs straight but both Ines and Joao bent and crossed theirs, causing Ines naked pussy to spread open. I tried not too but I couldn't help but stare. "It's beautiful isn't it, like a little flower. I love to smell and lick it." Ana said this with a little giggle and Ines leant over and gave her a sensuous kiss. This explained the massaging of sun lotion. I could see the three girls looking down at us, if they could only see what I could see. Once I took my eyes from Ines pussy I asked about the tattoos. Ines had a couple more on the front as did Joao. She explained that she was a tattoo artist and Joao was her brother. Their father had been one of the first tattoo artists in Portugal to do anything other than old sailor tattoos.
"Did he do the one on your back?"
"Yes."
"We only saw it from a distance but it looked amazing. Was it weird, having to be nude for the tattoo?"
"No weirder than being here, and we're a free spirited family aren't we Joao?" As she said this I could swear she spread her legs further, Joao just laughed and asked about the plans for later, obviously eager to get involved in his part. None of it was set in stone but I gave them a general outline of what I hoped would happen, also giving Joao a few pointers. I left them and headed to the girls.
I expected and even hoped that Berni would be pissed off at me, but she wasn't. In fact she even seemed a bit sorry for being angry and jealous earlier. I explained about Ines being a tattoo artist and about Ana being a real barber, "And since her grandfather has died she's also doing women's hair."
They started to giggle "Yes, so Becky was telling us."
Rather than join in the laughter I decided to wind them up. "It looks incredible and when Ines spread her legs I could see every amazing detail."
"We saw you looking." Said Berni, giggling more.
"Bit cold in the winter." Added Sarah and this time I had to laugh.
"I've invited them all to the BBQ." Berni pulled a face at this but managed 'good idea' Becky smiled and winked at me.
We stayed on the beach for about another hour, Ana and Ines coming up at one point and Ines giving us a little 'spin' so we could see her tattoos properly, even lifting her leg so we could see a small one on the inside of her thigh. Sarah being the boldest one of our group asked how long they'd been a couple "About two years." Ana answered. She started to well up. "I was brought up by grandfather, Joe met him. He was a very traditional man. One night he caught me kissing Ines, I thought he would be mad but he just came over and hugged the two of us." Ines also started crying and they cuddled each other. I was nearly in tears myself but Sarah wasn't to be outdone. "I only asked how long you were together so I could ask how long you've been shaving your pussy."
Thankfully they both got our sense of humour and joined in the laughter. They went back to Joao and we laid there in good spirits, the girls discussing lesbianism and deciding that as they had all been with each other that they must be bisexual, but that for the most part they preferred cock. I just lay there shaking my head.
I realized that I had had five beers on the beach and shouldn't drive. No one else was insured to drive the hire car so we said we'd get a taxi. Ines said she'd drive her car and make two trips and drop me back in the morning. I immediately wondered if this was letting the cat out of the bag, alerting people to the plan, but no one took muck notice.
I somehow wangled it that Berni and Becky would go on the first trip with the three of them and that me and Sarah would wait back. I talked in general terms, asking her how she was and such and how Berni was. Everything seemed positive.
We arrived back and those at the villa were again naked, Berni chatting to Ana and Becky to Joao. I asked did anyone want to get dressed for the evening, "Why bother, just make sure you don't burn your dick on the BBQ." Berni quipped and I set about getting the food cooked. I can't cook as such but can follow recipes and can cook meat on a BBQ, combined with a few bought salads and bread we had a nice spread. I'd expected Joao to come over and offer advice or help as always happens with men at BBQ's but he seemed happy chatting with all the women and giving close up views of his tattoos.
The drink was flowing and as people finished their food, everyone seemed jolly and in good form, sat around on loungers and chairs, boobs, dicks and pussy's all openly displayed. I was quite relaxed, chatting away to Ines when Becky reminded me of the plan.
I knew the original plan but couldn't think of a way of manipulating the whole situation so that I could get us back to our main goal. I saw Ana going to the bathroom and followed her. She really was beautiful but I didn't fancy her, not because she was gay but because I felt almost protective of her, having watched her mature over the previous three years.
It actually made the conversation more difficult but once I had explained what I was thinking Ana was fully on board, even saying she was looking forward to it.
It was only eight in the evening and I had planned to kick everything off around nine, my only concern was that people might be a bit too drunk by then. Returning to the terrace I told Becky of my new plan, she thought it was a great idea, "Ooh, I'm looking forward to that." She said smiling. I was looking over at Berni and Sarah who had virtually surrounded Joao, standing only a few inches from him. They were laughing and joking, gesticulating with their hands, obviously telling stories. Whatever they were saying, Joao didn't seem to mind, a big smile on his face and his dick nearly erect.
"How'd you get on with Joao?" I asked Becky.
"He thinks he's god gift, and I suppose tonight he is." She said this laughing, "I think he was a bit shy and confused earlier but he's getting bolder, trying it on with all of us until someone says yes."
"We'll help him with that." I smiled
"Actually when he innocently placed his hand on my rump earlier and gave it a little squeeze, I nearly succumbed, but I remembered the plan." I was about to say something when we heard squeals of laughter. Ines had joined Joao, Sarah and Berni and I think was showing Berni where she thought she should have a tattoo. By the way she traced her finger it was evidently from her pubic bone, up under her left boob, conveniently lifted up and out of the way by Joao, and around to her left shoulder. Berni was just stood there, grinning, enjoying Joao and Ines's hands on her. She turned around and Ines started to slowly trail her finger down Berni's back, soon joined by Joao for no other reason than he could. It was actually quite erotic, their fingers moving in tandem and arriving at her buttock cleft. I wondered if they had finished or where they would go. Their fingers separated and traced a line down each buttock, causing the muscles to quiver, before moving on to her thighs, applying pressure to Berni's hamstrings.
"Wow." It was Ana who was stood next to us with a bottle of whisky in her hand, "I hope you don't mind, I found it in the kitchen cupboard." It was a Bushmills ten year old that I'd bought it in the duty free and now seemed a perfect time to have a drop.
We got seven glasses and everyone said they'd have a glass; I raised some silly toast to friends, love and nudity and then said. "When I was in the village yesterday Ana couldn't cut my hair because she was busy and I didn't have an appointment, she's kindly offered to do it now." I could see a confused look on Berni and Sarah's face but ignored them and went and sat upright on a chair, trying to hide my rapidly hardening dick between my legs. Ana went to her bag and came back with her scissors. Standing in front of me smiling, her boobs pert and her nipples hard, I remembered that only me, her and Becky knew fully what was going on. She looked at me as if to say "ready?' I nodded and slid down in the chair, spreading my legs and letting my dick spring up with a thud as it hit my stomach. Ana knelt in front of me and started snipping at my pubic hair.
I heard a few chuckles and couldn't help but look up at the faces, everyone smiling and watching, Joao stood between Sarah and Berni, his arms spread and hands on their bottoms. Becky moved to the side of me and everyone followed, now all stood close and in a semi circle. Ana was taking this seriously and as she lifted my scrotum to properly trim underneath I noticed that she was biting her lip, more in concentration than arousal I think.
As she progressed, my still rigidly hard dick was the only thing in the way. You could see Ana thinking, eventually she took a hold and pulled it away from my stomach so that it was pointing upright, trying to trim behind it. She was at a funny angle and this combined with my dick pulling against her made it difficult. She giggled and let it slap back onto my stomach, enjoying the sound and pulling it back again and letting go 'slap!'.
"Anyone else want a go." I asked to groans and head shakes. I could have moved it myself but was enjoying it too much. Ana repositioned herself, put her scissors down and lifted my dick with her right hand, wedging the back of her left hand against it and finishing the trim.
I stood up, proud as punch; giving a little twirl so that everyone could see my new haircut.
"Your turn next." I said to Berni, A look of confusion on her face.
"Sit down, let Ana work her magic.
Although she wasn't sure what was happening, Berni sat down, the pressure of everyone's eyes almost forcing her into the chair. Ana said something to Becky who scurried off, returning a few moments later with a small bowl of hot water.
Ana knelt in front of Berni, beckoning her forward. Berni nervously slid down in the chair, her bottom on the edge but her legs still closed. I had coached Ana to be forceful, and she smiled sweetly as she parted Berni's legs, pushing them wider till she could fit between them.
Berni looked nervous but made no effort to resist as she looked down at Ana. Her legs spread wide and on display to everyone. Berni's pubes were already trimmed and it took Ana no time to trim them even shorter, Berni tried to wriggle upright but Ana stopped her with a firm hand, "I haven't finished."
Ana searched in her bag and came up with a tube of shaving cream and a mans shaving brush. She dipped the brush in the warm water and applied it to Berni's spread pussy. Berni let out a low moan as Ana rubbed the brush up and down. I was watching her face but her gaze was fixed on Ana. Ana moved the brush, wetting the pubes. She dipped it again and applied the cream to the bristles before applying it to Berni, moving the brush about and building up a lather. Berni was squirming as Ana probed every nook and cranny, making sure to miss nothing.
Ana stood and straightened her back, waiting for the lather to work it's magic. Berni went to move but Ana told her to stay still. I smiled at Berni but couldn't read her face, was she angry, turned on, fucked off, I didn't know.
Ana rummaged in her bag and came up with her cut throat razor, I smiled as I saw the look on Berni's face change, "No fucking way."
"She's a professional, relax." Berni just glared at me as I said this. I had an idea.
"Joao, you and Becky hold a leg each, so that Ana can really see what's she's doing. Sarah and Ines, we'll stand in closer so we can see if she misses any bits."
As they grabbed her legs Berni glared at me but didn't resist. With her regular exercise and yoga Berni had always been flexible and as Joao and Becky took the strain she was almost in a splits position, her legs straight, wide and slightly angled up; her pussy white with foam and her bare chest heaving as she tried to control her breathing, the hard nipples betraying her stimulation.
I moved to the top of the chair, squatting down so my head was level with Berni's "How you doing?" I quietly asked.
"Ok, nervous."
I kissed her lightly, my hand snaking down and tweaking a nipple "Are you turned on?"
"Fuck yes."
I stood up and was waiting for Ana to begin when Sarah started laughing, we all looked at her. "This looks obscenely ridiculous, Joe stood there with his big dick inches from Berni's face and Berni, legs akimbo and Father Christmas' beard dripping down her cunt; I wish I had a camera."
Light bulb moment, I almost ran to our bedroom to fetch my small camera. When I returned Ines had beaten me to it, she had a much nicer camera than mine and explained she carried it in her bag in case she saw a tattoo she liked or saw something that she could make into a tattoo.
"And anyway, this way you can be in some of the pictures." I smiled, liking that idea. Berni had now sat more upright with her feet on the floor, but her legs still well spread, seemingly quite happy. The shaving cream was virtually gone but everything looked moist and ready.
Ines started messing with her camera, taking random shots. One or two of Ana and then one of me and Becky, posing us so our legs intertwined. "Your big back would be a great canvas." She told me.
Sarah and Joao were stood together watching us and seemed to be getting on well, i nodded to Ines to take their photo. Joao seemed shy but Sarah being Sarah, she just grabbed his cock and smiled at the camera, Joao didn't seem to mind and we all got a laugh.
Berni was still sat, I think getting a bit pissed off. She went to stand up but Ana growled at her "Stay there bitch." I nearly choked and Becky stared wide eyed as Berni slid down in the chair and spread her legs, a weird sort of self satisfied grin on her face.
Ines came over, "Now for the star attraction." Berni's eyes lit up and her grin became a smile. I had to admit that Ana and Ines understood the psychology of this whole scene much better than me and seemed to be enjoying themselves as Ines took control.
Before Ana did anything Ines started taking pictures of Berni, positioning her as she did so. Move your hand this way; arch your back; stick your tits out; smile! Berni was beaming, completely at ease with her nakedness and loving the attention. Me and Becky shared a knowing smile.
Ana got her razor, "Do you want them to hold your legs?" She asked Berni.
"No, I can hold them up, let them watch." Berni spread her legs obscenely wide, placing a hand under each thigh for support. Ines almost cooed as she knelt and took some close ups, Berni pulling her legs tighter for the camera. The foam had obscured the view earlier but even Berni's anus was stretched open, it was some view.
Ana knelt and brought the razor to Berni's skin, causing her to shudder and Ana to smile, in two smooth passes of the razor she removed the visible pubic hair, leaning back to admire her work and for us to have a better look.
Sarah stepped forward and touched the shaved skin with her fingers, flicking Berni's exposed clitoris with her thumb, "So smooth." Sarah said. "Bitch." Berni said.
"Not finished yet." Ana said as she moved in closer, Ines stood behind her and leaning over her shoulder. Ana and Berni's eyes seemed to lock, Berni slowly nodding and Ana smiling before gently placing her fingers on Berni's cunt, her index finger slowly trailing down the inside of her parted lips, causing Berni to tense and Ana to smile as Berni let out an involuntary moan.
Ines was leaning over more, her boobs bobbing just above Ana's head. It was a great sight, Berni, legs spread wide and two beautiful naked women only inches from her snatch. It occurred to me that if Ines lost balance whilst Ana was shaving then we could have a nasty accident.
I signaled for her to stand in front of me, just to the side of Ana. As an amazing sight as Berni's spread pussy was I was no longer rigidly hard, my dick at half mast as it were. Ines stood in front of me and bent forward, my dick coming to rest softly between her bum cheeks. She seemed happy enough and I was sorely tempted to stay where I was but I lost my bottle, placing my hands on her buttocks and pretending that I was wedged and had to push myself out. Ines giggled and I was tempted to gently slap her bottom, but again lost my bottle.
Ana moved her hand to the side, pulling Berni's labia even further apart, the skin tightening. With an incredibly steady hand she slowly moved the sharp blade, shaving one hair at a time, Berni's eyes never leaving her hand. Everyone was holding their breath, the clicking shutter of Ines' camera being the only sound. Joao was staring intently at Berni's exposed pussy, Sarah caressing his torso and slowly wanking his engorged dick, dirty cow. As Ana spread the other lip I looked at Becky, she was entranced, biting and sucking her bottom lip. My dick started to harden.
Ana straightened, "Do you want me to get the little hairs around your asshole." Berni nearly looked bashful as she nodded.
"Not yet, I want to take a few more pictures." Ines said. She moved into the middle and took some very close up shots of Berni's naked cunt, Berni looking down and smiling as if to say 'you finished?'
Ines moved back, clicking away, "Joao, Joe, stand near Berni's head, your dicks near her mouth." I thought Berni was about to say something but she just smiled instead. We stood either side of her, our dicks pointing at each others and just millimeters from Berni's slightly open mouth.
"Great shot." Becky said as she stood beside Ines, "How about Sarah's nipple?"
Ines liked this idea and I kissed Berni and asked if she was ok, even though she kissed me back I could tell she was more interested in her modeling than she was in kissing me. We moved away and Sarah replaced us.
Sarah was a vixen and she immediately kissed Berni, a long, lingering, highly sexual kiss, Berni's hand reaching to the back of her head and pulling her in tighter. We were all turned on by this, Ines putting her camera down and kissing Ana. Me, Becky and Joao just stood there uncomfortably, wondering what to do with our hands.
Berni and Sarah separated, both of them breathless. Berni put her feet on the floor, her legs and arms obviously tiring, but tellingly she kept her legs wide apart. Ines positioned Sarah so her long nipple was just above Berni's mouth. As the camera clicked, Sarah slowly lowered herself until her nipple was between Berni's lips, Berni's flicking tongue causing her to groan with pleasure. She looked boldly at the camera, a sensual and alluring look on her face.
I think Sarah was enjoying this more than any of us, her sexual spirit shining through. She looked at me and Becky and gave a little laugh of joy, her hand caressing Berni's face as Berni sucked hungrily at her nipple.
She looked to Joao and nodded, an unknown message passing between them. Joao looked nervous and uncertain, looking from me to Ana and then back to Sarah. Sarah nodded again and he sheepishly knelt down between Berni's legs, his breathing visibly changing as he stared deep into her pink pussy.
I felt my body tense, my mind racing and thoughts fogging. Becky took my hand, squeezing tightly, "Stand behind me," she said quietly. I wondered if she thought she needed to stop me lunging at Joao, but she had other ideas.
She reached behind with both hands, pulling me forward till our bodies touched and my dick was wedged into her lower back. Her warm skin felt wonderful and I found my hands naturally coming to rest on her hips, pulling us closer as I watched everyone.
Ines was moving, taking shots from different angles; she moved behind Sarah, who bent over further, exposing herself for the camera, flashing us a wicked smile when she realized we saw what she was doing. Ana was stood still, coolly, almost aloofly, observing proceedings, an amused smirk on her face.
Berni was consumed in sucking and biting Sarah's boob, most of her face covered by Sarah's body. I didn't know if she was even aware of Joao perched between her legs, literally salivating like a puppy as he awaited permission to go further.
I found myself jiggling Becky's hips and rubbing myself up and down, the gentle friction feeling wonderful as I slowly dry humped her. Sarah was still watching us, her lustfulness increasing as Berni's bucked and arched her back.
Joao's head hadn't seemed to move but what looked like a very long tongue was now licking and probing Berni, her body responding, muscles tense, buttocks clenched. He moved his head forward, probing deeper as he tongue fucked her, Sarah pinning her down with her chest.
This was intense, my emotions whirling, the overriding one being that my dick wanted to explode. Becky broke our embrace and turned to face me. For a second I thought of porn movies where the woman drops to her knees but instead she pulled me down for a kiss, a very dirty, sensuous kiss. A small 'wow' escaped my lips as she broke the embrace, her hands on my chest as she gently pushed me backwards until my legs touched a chair. As I sat she gave me another kiss before turning and sitting on my lap, my dick firmly wedged between her gorgeous ass cheeks. I wasn't really with the program and Becky sounded almost exasperated as she told me to give her my hands, immediately placing them on her cunt and urging my fingers to get to work.
Joao's head and tongue were certainly working, pumping in and out of Berni, her body writhing, about to orgasm. Sarah grabbed his hair and roughly pulled his head back, "Eat her ass." She ordered him, an almost perverse wickedness in her voice.
Berni was trying to wiggle free of Sarah but Sarah held her hair in her other hand, pulling it over the back of the chair and pinning her. As Joao's head went lower, Berni went on tip toes, lifting and tilting her hips to give easier access. "Dirty slag." Becky mumbled between moans as I aggressively finger fucked her, my thrusts getting faster and deeper as I watched Berni.
Berni went too far. As she pushed her asshole onto Joao's tongue her bum cheeks slipped off the chair. Her two assailants reacted quickly, Joao grabbing both ass cheeks firmly to support her and Sarah straightening and supporting her head and shoulders as they lowered her to the floor. Berni turned her head, a flushed look of complete sexual abandon and slight confusion on her face as she surveyed the scene.
I'd nearly forgotten about Ines and Ana. Ines had stopped taking pictures and they were now on a lounger a little way from us, Ines head wedged firmly between Ana's legs and Ana continuing to observe us all, as if from afar.
Berni looked down at Joao and at me and Becky, my fingers now moving in and out of her slowly, our eyes fixed on Berni's. Berni went to say something but Sarah stopped her, placing a finger gently over her mouth. Joao looked a bit confused and lost as he continued to kneel between Berni's spread legs, her shaven and reddened pussy almost glowing in the lights.
A thousand connotation and possibilities of where this might end flashed through my mind. I told Becky to stand up and I walked over to Berni, my obscenely rigid dick making us both smile as I knelt down and placed my sloppy fingers to Berni's lips.
Next time.. I'll explain some unusual sleeping arrangements.