I dropped my towel in front of the big picture window in my bedroom -- who was going to see me from the sidewalk anyway? I was frustrated and missed going out. At least this way I could feel free for a moment.
I heard Raphael step into the bedroom and close the door. She joined me by the window and playfully smacked my ass. "Enjoyed that a bit too much for a pandemic lockdown didn't you?"
"Sort of," I answered. "It's complicated. You know I think you both have really hot bodies, and I love you both dearly, but in very different ways. I want Bianca to find her person despite the fact that I occasionally have these fleeting fantasies about her. About us."
"Whoa. Yea I know. Look I didn't mean to open a can of worms right now. I'm just hoping we got our food and cleaned everything up okay. Bianca is totally bangin'. I'd think there was something seriously wrong with you if we were in that tiny steamy bathroom together and it didn't cross your mind. Maybe I can help calm things down a little."
With that, Raph dropped her towel too and reached down to hold my dick. She had this thing she did that I'd never experienced with anyone else. She'd hold my dick firmly in her fist while her other hand reached down and held my balls. Her grasps were tight and possessive without being painful. She had an incredible way of making me feel held, seen, and secure. It was almost like she owned my sexuality. I was a switch through and through so I loved those moments when I felt like I was hers.
She lowered herself to her knees with her back to the window and leaned her head up against my crotch. This wasn't a porn scene. It was a love scene -- or so she thought. As she slowly started taking my dick into her mouth I closed my eyes to soak up the sensations. After a couple of minutes I reopened my eyes feeling like I was being watched. It was a curious sensation because I couldn't for the life of me figure out who could be watching.
That was when I noticed the woman in the apartment across the street. She was up on the second floor looking down on us and was tucked away behind a floor lamp while she watched from about 40 feet away-- but it was clear as day that she was watching us with Raphael's fantastic cock sucking skills on display. She looked like she was also in her early 30s or maybe late 20s. A couple of years younger than us. She was a brunette with shoulder length hair -- maybe 5'6" and dressed for comfort -- a hoodie and black yoga pants. Taking in the whole of the scene it was hard for me to think straight with my cock sliding in and out of Raph's mouth. Should I close the blinds? Should I alert Raph? I knew it was turning me on being watched and Raphael's face was hidden for the moment.
Within a few seconds of my discovery, Raph took a momentary break from sucking my cock but kept pumping away with her fist. She looked up at me and asked, "Want me on the bed, on my knees, or bent over in front of this window?"
I looked down at her soft pink tits, her gorgeous blue eyes staring up at me, and the bottom of her feet curled up under her luscious ass. "For now, I want you exactly like that. Whatever you do, don't stop and don't turn around. There's a young woman across the street who's been watching us for a couple of minutes. She hasn't seen your face but I'm really getting off on giving her a show," I said.
Raphael's eyes widened and her first pumping my cock skipped a beat. "Oh baby please don't stop," I said. "We were talking about trying group sex for months and it doesn't get safer than this." Her hand resumed pumping. I could see the gears turning in her head.
"Does she look skittish?" Raphael asked.
"She does. She's kind of hiding but definitely watching us. Since I noticed her she's moved one hand under her sweatshirt and the other is working at the crotch in her yoga pants," I answered.
"I need to think about this for a minute," Raphael said while she took my dick down her throat all the way to the hilt. She choked herself on my cock for a few seconds while my eyes rolled back in my head in pleasure. She pulled back off, coating me in a fresh sheen of spit and went back to thrusting me in and out of her mouth. Her hands slowly started to work their way up my chest. She brought them around to the middle of my back and very very slowly and deliberately worked them down until she held my ass cheeks in her hands. We'd talked about anal before and I'd tested the water by joking that she could fuck me in the ass first if she was too hesitant to let me into her virgin territory. She pulled my cheeks apart and I knew she was thinking about it. I thrust harder into her mouth to encourage her but she reached all the way around and instead grabbed my balls from behind, pulling them down hard and taut and using them like a leash for my cock.
She was driving me wild. I forgot about our observer as she rhythmically tugged down on my balls like she was milking them to control my motion as I fucked her face. Whenever I got too forceful, she'd tug down and back on my balls forcing me to pull back. Abruptly, she pulled off of my dick, stood up, kissed me full on the lips, and spun around to place one hand on the window. She kept her face down so as not to scare off our watcher, reached back, bent over, and slid my glistening cock into her pussy.
I held her by the shoulders and angled my dick into her g-spot as she went up on her tippy toes. I didn't dare look at our voyeur as I knew it would put me over the top. Raphael was thrusting back against me while I pumped into her pussy. The whole scene, starting with the ladies soaping each other up in the shower was just too much.
Raphael was moaning louder and louder. I knew she was just encouraging me. "Look her in the eyes while you come!" she commanded. That was all I needed to know. It was all I could think of. I didn't know what day it was, what time it was, or where I was. I couldn't have told you my name in that moment for a thousand dollar prize. I grunted loudly like an animal. Raphael called me her puma for a reason. I pulled her pussy into me with both hands on her shoulders, trying to make our separate bodies into one -- trying to merge our souls together while the pressure built up inside of me. I started to orgasm and could feel the contractions building to spray 2 weeks worth of hot cum into her pussy.
I grunted louder and louder while she started smacking the window with her palms, "Look HER in the eyes!" she reminded me. I went from staring at Raphael's perfect round ass straight into our neighbors eyes while I came. And came. And came. For what seemed like an eternity while Raphael kept her gaze down. All this time, our audience was looking just a little away from me. I couldn't tell if she was suddenly bashful, distracted, or trying not to give me the satisfaction of seeing her return my gaze.
Suddenly her gaze snapped back to mine. It was like turning a corner driving at night and catching a deer in the headlights. Our neighbor was on the verge of her own orgasm. Any hesitation she'd felt at watching us earlier had turned into lust and commitment. Her mouth dropped open. Her hand sped up in her yoga pants and she lost it -- falling straight into her own window with her face smashed up against the glass.
Having exhausted my giant load I was catching my breath while Raphael stood up. She knew how great it had been for me. I'd had some magnificent orgasms with her but nothing that had risen to that volume before. She looked at our neighbor while I collapsed onto the floor to catch my breath. I felt like I was going to pass out from losing too much blood flow to my brain. It was all in my cock.
"Good boy," Raphael said softly as she stroked her fingers lovingly through my hair. "My turn."
She spun around and pulled me up to my knees. She made her hand into a fist in my hair, pulled my gaze up to meet hers and stepped into my eager and thirsty mouth. I knew what to do, lapping hungrily at her pussy while my cum dripped down her thighs. Once I'd gotten going, she looked up at our watcher. Later on, she explained that our neighbor slowly recovered from her own orgasm and looked down to see me on my knees hungrily eating Raphael's sopping wet pussy. Raph went up on her tip toes, placed her hands up high against the window, thumbs touching and pointed down with her fingers curled into each other to flash a heart up to our neighbor. They briefly shared eye contact, Raphael gave her a wink and a huge grin, and returned her complete attention to me -- humping the fuck out of my face until she came with her own primal scream.
The lockdown was in full force and from this moment on we weren't going to let a split second of it pass without exploiting this opportunity to the utmost...