[note: This story is partly generated with an AI. I write a sentence or 2, then the AI writes a sentence or 2 based on what I write and it goes on like that. This is mostly for fun, kind of like a new way to get my porn. It's definitely not a work of art but the AI can get pretty good sometimes!]
Lola woke up this morning feeling absolutely great after having slept so well between these two amazing men whom she just met yesterday. Jenifer and Steve took the main bedroom while Lola fucked 2 strangers in the guest room. She enjoyed every single second of it and felt more than ready for round three, but sadly not today. It was time for the boys to go home and for Lola to prepare herself for the music show they are going tonight!
She jumped out of bed, completely naked, and walked over to her closet where she began searching through her clothes trying to decide what look would be best. After taking some quick decisions with her own sense of fashion, Lola looked at herself in the mirror and was extremely satisfied with the result. She was wearing a pink satin mini skirt that stopped right below the top of her ass cheeks that accentuated her perfectly shaped ass wonderfully. She was wearing a black lace top which left nothing to imagination about how sexy her tits looked underneath as she wore no bra. Her hair was styled nicely while a small bit of makeup finished off her entire look with elegance.
"Oh fuck you're so hot! You're already getting ready?" Jenifer said while entering the guest room naked.
"Yup!" Lola replied while closing her closet door and giving Jenifer an extra-long passionate kiss on her lips.
"Oh wow!" One of the strangers in Lola's bed just woke up to see these two beautiful women kissing passionately on the lips like two long time lovers.
"Enjoying the show?" Lola asked him before she went back to kissing Jenifer. The stranger could only smile from ear to ear as he watched them have fun together before walking away to get dressed, knowing full well that his day was surely going to be memorable. He got out of bed, pulled up his boxers and started getting dressed, looking at both of the gorgeous girls as he did so, wishing it was him instead!
"Ok guys sorry, I wish we could fuck some more but we need to get ready!" Lola said to the 2 strangers in her bed who were now fully awake and ready for another round with this incredibly hot girl who they all had amazing time with last night. "You guys need to go."
The men gathered their things and took off while saying goodbye to Lola and Jenifer. She enjoyed having made friends with them during the short time she spent with them yesterday. They truly turned into good buddies after having fucked Lola together.
"Are you nervous about tonight? Are you excited?" Jenifer asked curious as she saw how tense she looked when she was talking about the upcoming event tonight.
"Yeah! I'm finally going to see my favorite band perform live!" Lola replied happily while giving her a tight hug to express her love towards her friend and her excitement for what lay ahead of her in this evening's adventure. Her favorite band is called "Wrong Direction" and her dream of seeing one of their concerts has come true today, which makes Lola feel really lucky right now.
"That's great," Jenifer said while kissing Lola lovingly on the lips before letting her go again, watching as she got dressed and left to prepare herself to attend the show as well.
***
It was 8 o'clock on the dot as the two girls, Steve and Tony arrived at the music hall where the concert was being held tonight. There was already plenty of people outside of the venue waiting to be let inside once the doors opened at 9 o'clock sharp. The girls stood next to each other in front of the main entrance while they waited to be allowed in.
"I can't wait until we get in there!" Lola exclaimed in delight while looking around her while clapping her hands together excitedly. "I am so happy that I could finally go see this amazing band play live!"
"I know you are going crazy over this!" Jenifer added with a laugh. "You've been talking about it nonstop since 3 months ago! I still remember how you would talk about your crush on one of the members of this very band all the time!"
"Hehe! Yeah! It all started because he was such a bad boy back then but now... now look at him now!" Lola replied as she smiled wide showing her beautiful pearly whites as she remembered those times when she was only eighteen years old and had just discovered Wrong Direction for herself. Back when she had first fallen for their sexy charms and good looks and become completely infatuated by their raw rock n roll style.
"I'm sure you're gonna fall for these guys even more now after spending some time with them at the aftershow." Jenifer said while smiling while she looked at the entrance where the staff was preparing to open the doors to allow the crowd inside once the show was set to begin shortly. "And they have one member who is truly fucking hot. You must be dreaming right now thinking of how much fun you are about to have tonight, right?"
"Yeah... He's like my dream guy..." Lola admitted with lustful eyes before making eye contact with Steve.
"Hey! What about me?!" Steve laughed out loud as he pulled Lola in close against his side and kissed her lovingly on her lips. "You didn't forget about me did ya?"
Lola giggled softly into his mouth as she pressed her body closer to him while wrapping her arms around his waist in response. "No way baby. Not ever." She said while kissing him back while rubbing herself sensually up against his erection through his pants.
Tony stood there watching the two love birds kiss passionately before laughing out loud again: "Oh come on girls! No fair!" Tony exclaimed. "I am the only one that gets no attention here!"
"What can we do for you big man?!" Lola asked teasingly with a wink towards him as she licked her full red lips seductively. "You want a kiss too? I think it would be a nice reward for all your hard work today!"
"Fuck yeah I'd love a kiss from both of the hottest babes I've ever met in my life," Tony said excitedly with lustful eyes.
Jenifer smiled wide while looking at Tony and then turned to look at Lola and said, "What if I tell you that I want to see you two make out right now?"
Lola just grinned and nodded while replying, "Yeah ok, why not?" And so Lola turned toward Tony once more and pushed herself against him playfully as they started making out intensely with each other as Jenifer looked on lovingly and enjoyed seeing her gorgeous girlfriend making out in front of her with Tony which she had just met today.
The sexy moment was interrupted when the staff finally opened the door allowing everyone to enter the hall and enjoy the show of the evening. Everyone began heading inside the venue. Lola pushed herself around to make sure to be in the front row near the stage where the band members would perform later tonight. They were holding each others hands to be to not to loose each other in this large crowd as well.
They managed to get places right next to the stage itself without any issues. The place was completely packed already with fans waiting for their favorite music heroes to step out on the main floor and start playing live for them all. Everyone was packed together like sardines into the huge room with very limited space between people. The excitement could barely be contained! People were screaming everywhere while taking pictures of themselves jumping up and down into the air, doing their best to have fun in such a cramped environment filled with hundreds of thousands of strangers.
Steve was standing behind Lola who seemed to be having a blast at the band playing for the opening act. The place was so cramped that Lola's butt was pressed right against his crotch through his jeans, making her feel extremely aroused. He gently caressed her back with one hand while he held onto her shoulders with another as he watched everything unfold before him and enjoyed being there with her.
Finally it was Wrong directions' turn to play. It started getting really loud and chaotic as the lights suddenly dimmed and turned red as soon as they got on stage to warmly welcome the audience into this amazing concert event happening here tonight. Steve felt Lola press herself harder against his groin now which made him even hornier than before as he knew she was feeling him too now. This caused him to start rubbing himself against her ass through her pants while she rubbed her body sensually against his growing erection now. The crowd cheered wildly and jumped in joy when seeing wrong directions stepping out on the main stage of this venue and starting playing their first song of the night: "Dirty Little Bitch."
It sounded great live, the crowd singing along with every single word of the lyrics by these sexy guys with their rough and raw rock n roll sound. Jenifer was bouncing around with excitement and looked so incredibly hot with those bright red lipstick, hair perfectly styled, big tits jiggling all over the place, short dress exposing plenty of leg and looking fucking fantastic. Tony just stood there holding onto Jenifer's waist while dancing closely together in perfect sync to the beat of the music. They were obviously enjoying themselves immensely right now as everyone else in the hall seemed to be doing.
"There's something I always wanted to try! I want to try crowd surfing!!" Jenifer said to no one in particular as she climbed on the ramp in front of the stage where people would climb up then jump off into the sea of people below them. She opened her arms and let herself fall in the crowd that cought her. A couple of people took the occasion to cup a feel as she was moved on top of the crowd but it didn't bother her at all and instead gave her a thrill feeling the hands of strangers touching her body like that. It only made her hornier though knowing that other people could see what she was wearing under this little black dress: Nothing at all.
Lola looked back at Jenifer who was still crowd surfing, "Wow she seems to be enjoying herself! I can see her pussy from here, Wrong direction must be having a nice view from the stage haha!"
Steve couldn't help laughing out loud while watching Jenifer getting crowd surfed before turning his head towards Lola once again while saying: "I love your girlfriend, you're lucky to have someone like her."
Lola smiled widely while replying: "You know... She really doesn't seem that innocent anymore... now don't get me wrong, we've known each other for years and nothing has changed about her but since she's become my girlfriend... yeah... well..." She said with lustful eyes. "Since she's been spending so much time with us this past month she's gotten even more naughty than ever! It's like she wants to push boundaries as much as possible and I fucking love that!"
"I bet!" Steve laughed out loud before whispering in Lola's ear, "So do I!"
"And it looks like Jenifer likes that too," Lola continued while pointing towards Jenifer still crowd surfing and being groped by strangers.
Jenifer did enjoy herself immensely right now. Her body felt alive as she was surrounded by thousands of men and women enjoying the concert of her favorite band.
"Ok I can't let her steal the show, I want to catch the band's attention too!" Lola exclaimed with lustful eyes as she pushed away the guy who had his hand cupping her left breast earlier, leaving him disappointed. "Tony! Can you lift me on your shoulders?"
"Yeah sure!" Tony replied enthusiastically before doing what Lola asked without hesitating at all. He lifted her up high up onto his shoulders using both hands around her legs which were resting over his shoulder blades. He could feel Lola's naked pussy on the back of his neck as he supported her weight easily.
Tony made sure to bounce a bit so that her big tits would jiggle wildly above him for everyone to see. The crowd loved every second of this sexy performance from this gorgeous woman. It didn't take long for the band members to notice her bouncing breasts though and they started playing some really hot guitar solos from their next song: "I'm Gonna Get You". This was one hell of a funky tune with heavy bass and drum beat driving it along with fast and rough guitars making it sound like something straight outta the 80s.
Lola was waving her tits around when she finally decided to remove her top completely waving it around like crazy before tossing it aside. She wasn't wearing any bra underneath either. Her nipples stood proudly free in the middle of hundreds of people staring directly into them while she danced close to the stage on top of Tony's shoulders. Her large firm boobs looked amazing swaying around freely in front of these thousands of horny fans in such a cramped environment where everybody wanted to touch those luscious globes! Tony just grinned as he enjoyed holding Lola up with his arms even more after seeing her now exposing herself fully.
The band started playing another solo. Lola was waiting that moment, she grabbed her breasts making sign to the singer to touch them, she was close enought to the stage for that to happen. He did not hesitate at all and touched her left breast first then took the other in his mouth and sucked hard on it. His fingers massaged both of her soft round tits simultaneously causing Lola to moan loudly. He got distracted by all this great looking flesh before him but eventually stopped sucking on her tits once the guitar player finished his solo.
"That was so fucking good!" Jenifer exclaimed in excitement as she got closer to Lola still crowd surfing. "You're a sexy slutty girl!"
"Thanks!" Lola said with a naughty smile. Lola let herself fall on the crowd to join Jenifer still crowd surfing. The crowd was groping Lola's naked tits as soon as she joined Jenifer who seemed delighted about this too. This made Steve very horny indeed because he could see how many people were touching these two women right now! It didn't bother him though since they were doing it of their own free will and had obviously decided they liked being felt up by strangers... it just turned him on immensely knowing they were doing what they love!
Both girls started kissing passionately while feeling hot under all those hands exploring every inch of their skin. Their tongues explored each others mouths with no hesitation whatsoever.
Steve was staring in amazement at his friends having the time of their lives. They really enjoyed themselves tonight, especially his girlfriend Lola, he couldn't help but feel proud of her enjoying herself like that in such a huge crowded place surrounded by hundreds if not thousands of men and women without a care in the world. She truly loved to push boundaries and explore new sexual experiences that most would never do out there in public and she certainly wasn't afraid to be exposed and have fun showing off her body for everyone to see either.
They slowly got moved to the front where security guards were helping people that were crowd surfing get down. The guards helped them down and they went back to Steve and Tony waiting for them patiently.
"That was so much fun!!!!" Jenifer exclaimed excitedly as soon as she finally stopped crowd surfing before taking Lola into a hug. "We've been dancing around all night but this was the best moment of it all!"
"Yeah!" Lola replied with lustful eyes as she looked straight at Steve with horny look in her eyes.
Steve laughed with a smile. "You know you're getting me very horny with your naughty antics here... can't wait to fuck both of you later..."
Lola smiled widely while saying: "Oh we're gonna make sure this happens... I want us to end up being completely covered by semen tonight."
The band had just started playing another amazing song from their latest album "Fucking hard". The audience started singing along and the atmosphere became even more electric. Lola started shaking her tits above her head once again while jumping high in the air in front of the stage. She was looking directly at the camera during this part! It made her feel incredibly hot knowing that all these people were watching her right now on the big screen! She was totally lost in ecstasy at that point, feeling free like never before! This felt like a dream!
Steve started playing with her tits from behind, feeling those smooth globes swaying wildly beneath his fingers while he could see everyone cheering and enjoying every second of what he and his girlfriend were doing to each other and sharing their intimate experience together in such a public place. He was going crazy about how many people were actually enjoying his girlfriends naked body at this point. Tony was doing the same with Jenifer next to them.
"Ooohhhhhh fuuuck yes!" Lola moaned out loud as she enjoyed Steve's strong hands groping her huge breasts one after the other. "So good!"
Steve continued massaging her firm tits for a few moments before kissing Lola passionately on the neck as she stood still dancing in front of him while moving her hips side to side in a sensual dance. Her boobs bounced freely around under his touch making Lola so horny... this was getting her so hot! She had no idea why but this man had this kind of effect on her when he touched her... maybe because it was Steve touching her? It didn't matter really since all this attention and excitement got her wet between her legs anyway!
Lola started rubbing herself under her skirt without hesitation.
"You are such a slutty girl..." Steve said while keeping up his relentless tit fondling, "I can't help myself..."
Lola kept grinding against him harder and faster. "I love being your naughty slut!" She whispered in his ear with lustful eyes staring at the crowd while looking at the big screen too, "I wish I could do this everywhere I go."
She turned around to kiss him hard while feeling another pair of hands grabbing both her ass cheeks from behind. Lola stopped kissing him immediately though, turning to see who this mystery person was. It was Tony and Jenifer holding onto each of Lola's perfect asscheeks right now as they stared into Lola's eyes. The girls and Tony started slowly licking each others lips with passionate kisses!
"Ooohhhhhh fuck yes!" Lola moaned as she enjoyed their tongue play as well as Steve's attentive fingers massaging her firm round tits while he was still kissing her neck passionately. "This is fucking amazing!" She thought to herself, "Why am I so lucky?"
Steve couldn't hold on anymore and tried to pull his cock out discretely and slid it under Lola's short skirt. His pants were tight enough to make sure it wouldn't be noticeable unless someone really looked close at his crotch... which no one did.
"Oh yeah baby... just like that..." Lola whispered seductively.
Lola was not wearing any underwear so he had direct access to her sweet pussy once he pulled his dick free from his jeans! It was dripping wet already and he had never seen her so wet before! He could feel her slippery wetness all over the head of his dick before sliding inside her moist snatch! She gasped in pleasure instantly! Her hips began moving side to side instinctively while Steve started pumping in and out of her pussy with long hard strokes while watching everyone having fun dancing around them in front of the stage!
Lola closed her eyes in ecstasy and kissed Jenifer and Toney passionately with a big smile. "This is such a great feeling!" Lola said in total bliss as she enjoyed this incredible night, "I can't believe we're doing this here!"
"Me neither!" Tony said excitedly as he continued playing with Lola's boobs.
"I love you guys!" Lola said while kissing them again passionately. "We are gonna have so much fun tonight!" She smiled widely while taking deep breaths while enjoying every single inch of Steve's large dick. It was so nice! She wanted him to fill her up completely so badly right now...
"Ooohhhhhh fuuuck yes! This feels so good! Oh god I'm going to cum soon!" Lola moaned loudly right after reaching orgasm when her pussy squeezed tight around Steve's dick like never before. Her body convulsed uncontrollably as wave upon waves of pure pleasure washed over her and she screamed out loud with excitement. Her pussy kept squeezing on his dick even after the initial burst of semen erupted from it and made a huge mess all over the floor beneath her feet and legs! She couldn't care less though about anything else than the amazing orgasm that had just hit her! She could still feel that warm tingling sensation in her pussy from that intense climax for quite some time afterwards too!
"Wow..." Lola breathed out while holding onto Steve tightly. "You came so much in my pussy!"
Steve kissed her passionately while smiling at everyone dancing around them with their own partners. He looked at Lola with lustful eyes and whispered: "It felt fucking amazing."
They kissed each other once more to celebrate this incredible experience together before breaking apart to join Jenifer who was dancing with Tony next to them. Everyone was having so much fun being there that no one really noticed the small amount of spunk on the ground under their feet. A few people did notice however but they simply ignored it. They were having fun watching this hot, almost naked, girl dancing wildly without any shame while enjoying the music.
The band started playing their last song, not knowing how appropriate it would be, called 'Lust'. Lola laughed hysterically as she danced away happily, singing along to the lyrics! She loved dirty songs like these! The audience also sang along enthusiastically as they all enjoyed the atmosphere. Lola's ass cheeks kept bouncing up and down and side to side as she moved around on her heels like crazy! She didn't mind showing off her body and letting everybody watch her naked boobs shake wildly... This was such a great party already and her only goal for tonight had been reached successfully! This night turned out better than expected with lots of sexy surprises in store for everyone.
The show was finally ending with a massive explosion of fireworks and confetti. It got dark again quickly outside due to the thick fog that surrounded them while the band members thanked everyone for coming before leaving the stage. Lola waved goodbye before walking over to where Steve stood with Jenifer and Tony.
"Me and Jen are going to go backstage now..." Lola said while looking at them excitedly, "You guys should join us!"
Tony looked at Steve curiously who looked at him confused at first then smiled widely too when he realized what they were talking about. "Sounds like fun!" He answered at last while smiling at both girls who were ready to leave. Knowing Lola they knew how this would end up and they were totally up for it!