Sharon Pt. 01
By lrhustler
Note: Sharon was a minor but pivotal character in my story "Forced Servitude". This story is a depiction of who Sharon really was and how she became a factor in the life of the main character Jennifer
*
Sharon Reynolds
Have you ever had a single event that significantly changed your life? Well I did! This is the story of my life before and after that single event.
Before the Event:
Today people tend to give the term "Entrepreneur" a very encompassing meaning. It could mean that a person had an idea which they subsequently turned into a successful business, or a vocation. Another use of that term is for a person who uses the term entrepreneur as a cover for not presently being a productive person in today's society. Well, I became an Entrepreneur who built a highly successful computer business, "Predictive Causality".
My life before becoming a successful computer programmer/business owner was one of working hard as a computer student in college and as a low paid worker in whatever job I could get in order to earn enough money to pay for school and to support myself.
As a result of spending all my time in school and working those low paying jobs, I did not have much of a social life. I had a few dates here and there but nothing of any significance. I lost my virginity during the latter part of my senior year in high school. That experience was not a great one (no orgasm and little, if any, pleasure from foreplay) which soured me on seeking further sexual gratification throughout my high school and college years. I must admit that were a few times when I became sexually aroused, which could have been caused by either a male or a female.
As my computer company became a successful business and I had, for the first time in my life, disposal income, I decided to delve into satisfying these occasional sexual urges. Thus, I would hire a male or female escort depending on how I felt at the time. Through their expertise, I did experience orgasms and thus some satisfying sex. I even went to some high end strip clubs where I thoroughly enjoyed myself (lap dances and private rooms). But there was never an overwhelming sexual desire that I had to satisfy to maintain the balance in my life. Also, a strong sexual desire for a specific individual or for love itself were something foreign to me.
So, I spent my time concentrating on building my business into a successful and sustainable enterprise.
My business, "Predictive Causality", is based on a computer program that I created which is used to predict future outcomes. These outcomes could be in a wide variety of things: sport events; weather; farming; manufacturing; politics; or even, as I later became evolved with, the stock market.
My company had not ventured into predicting the stock market until I was contacted by a Mr. Joseph. I had some vague knowledge of this Mr. Joseph prior to being contacted by one of his representatives. It was my understanding that he was involved with criminal activities and that he was moving to include his involvement in several legitimate business. Mr. Joseph requested that I meet with him at his home to discuss a business transaction that could, potential, be very profitable to my company and to him.
I gave this request some serious consideration before concluding that it would be foolish not to hear what he had to say. So, a meeting was arranged for the 20th of September.
The Event:
My meeting was set for 1:30pm at the home of Mr. Joseph. I arrived precisely at 1:15pm (early but not too early). His butler led me to a room outside of his office. I waited there for about 20 minutes when the door to his office open and Mr. Joseph and another business acquaintance emerged from the office. They shook hands and the man left to be escorted out of the house by the butler. Turning to me, Mr. Joseph walked over to where I was seated, extended his hand in greeting as he said, "Ms. Sharon Reynolds, it is an honor to meet you". He then escorted me into his office.
The first thing I noticed in the office was an extremely large hard wood desk located in the center of the room. Off to the right were some office chairs in a semi-circle facing this large stuff office chair with one chair directly facing that large stuff office chair. But what really caught my attention was this, an essentially nude young college age woman sitting directly in front of that office chair. She was sitting on her behind with her legs spread wide apart out in front of her body. The only item of "clothing" that she did have on was a beautiful stainless steel collar/wrist cuff/chain apparel adorning her body. The wrist cuffs and the collar were attached to each other by two chains, one chain for each wrist that went from the neck collar down to her wrist. These chains were long enough so that she was be able to lower her arms down to her sides. Once Mr. Joseph sat in the chair, she positioned herself between his legs with her head leaning back so that the back of her head rested on Mr. Joseph's genital area. As I sat in the chair facing Mr. Joseph, the girl looked directly into my eyes. Her eyes remain looking at mine the entire time I was there!
At that point, Mr. Joseph and I started a conversation about his desire to use my software program to predict changes in the stock market. At that time, I had not thought of using my software for that purpose. It was a very thought provoking discussion.
I did have some difficulty concentrating on the discussion. My focus was betraying me, switching to looking at the body of that beautiful nude woman in front of me. My attention was especially drawn to her pussy. I had never seen, in my life, something that was so beautiful (with its prominently totally exposed clit and the seeping wetness leaking from between her pussy lips).
Through pure will power, I was able to regain my focus on the discussion of using my software in that innovated way. Sensing how gaining an upper hand in the stock market was important to this Mr. Joseph, I was able to drive a hard bargain in my favor. That seemed to unsettle Mr. Joseph.
As we concluded our discussion and I prepared to rise from the office chair, I paused and took an extended look at that lovely creature so wantonly displayed in front of me. (I was sure that Mr. Joseph notice me looking).
As I entered the taxi for my ride back to my office, I instructed the driver to take me home instead. I needed some alone time to go over in my mind the implication of using my software to predict the changes in the stock market. I wanted to start outlining the modifications that would be needed to be coded into the software program. I also needed information about the stock market. This was not going to be a minor modification. But if it worked, that would open a whole new area of opportunity for me and my company.
But there was something else that I needed to do prior to starting that work, I desperately needed to masturbate! I had to relieve that sexual tension in my body caused by that beautiful creature in Mr. Joseph office.
After getting home and letting my housekeeper, Marilyn go home early, I went to my office. The office contained a well padded leather couch. I stripped down completely and laid down on that couch. With my head on one of the couch's arm, I laid length wise on the couch which caused my medium size breast to spill to the outsides of my chest. I spread open my legs forcing my already excited pussy lips to open, just like the pussy of that beautiful woman in Mr. Joseph's office. At that point I could feel liquid seeping out of me onto the couch. As I touched and spread my pussy lips even further outward, in my mind's eye I saw that woman's body knelling between my outspread legs, her hands in place of mine softly stroking my lips, her fingers working the insides of my pussy, soon to be accompanied by her lips sucking and biting my clitoris. I imagined this going on for a few minutes as she brought me closer and closer to that ultimate climax which occurred when one of her fingers (actually, one of my own fingers) bent upwards and stroked my G-Spot. I came in an earth-shattering climax, squirting fluids forcefully out of my body.
I spent the next ten minutes gently stroking my lips sending me through almost continuous mini climaxes until I fell asleep.
When I awoke 2 hours later (I had expended so much energy, I needed that much time for my body replenish itself) feeling refreshed and invigorated. I did not get immediately up from the couch (even though my butt was sitting in a puddle of my own cum), but rather spent the time reliving the events of the day in my mind.
What shocked me the most was that prior to seeing that beautiful woman displayed before my very eyes, I had never had such as strong desire to orally possess\ravage another woman's vagina. I really preferred sex with men! I did occasionally satisfy my curiosity of being with a woman. But if I had to choose, I would prefer a man's penis pounding into my pussy. That was true even though my experience with men was somewhat limited due to all the time I spent in educating myself in the computer sciences, developing my software program, and establishing my company. I never had a long term serious relationship (male or female). I had sex, of course, but never found any one desirable enough to seek such a relationship with.
This, of course, was not the first time I ended up on this very couch in the same condition as now (nude and spread out, recovering from a masturbation session thinking of sex with the perfect male). Those experiences were satisfying but never like what I had experienced tonight (even though one time, due to physical exhaustion, I did fall asleep and was awoken the next morning, in my naked condition, by Marilyn).
After much thought, I was beginning to wonder if the opportunity presented itself to me, should I allow myself to thoroughly experience the limits of my sexuality (hopefully with both men and women).
Noticing the time on the clock on the wall, I remember that Mr. Joseph had invited me to return to his home for a formal dinner that evening. I immediately called the taxi driver that has brought me home and instructed him to return so that he could take me to the dinner. Realizing that I had no one to assist me in getting ready, I went for a simplistic yet stylist look. I believe I accomplished that. I had just finished getting ready when the taxi arrived at my home.
Upon arriving at Mr. Joseph house, I was escorted into the dining room. Like everything else in his house, the dining room was a measure of understated elegance. I was the last guest to arrive for the dinner. After ten minutes of friendly conversation from all in attendance, the room became quite as all eyes were fixed on that beautiful woman from earlier in the day in Mr. Joseph's office being escorted into the dining room. She had on this dress made of a velvet green clinging material that form fitted every curve of her body, especially her medium size breast and tight prominent butt. She was seated in a chair next to Mr. Joseph. I was impressed in how she conducted herself during the dinner. Throughout the dinner's conversations and discussions, I noticed that Mr. Joseph made a point of eliciting her opinion on the subject matter being discussed. I was impressed with her knowledge and her communication skills. But I had no problem looking her way, she was simply gorgeous.
For the next several weeks, I and my associates poured ourselves into modifying my software to be used to predict the stock market. We had some initial success. I want to show the results to Mr. Joseph, so I invited him to come to my office for a demonstration. I asked him to bring some pass data from the stock market on some obscure stock so that we could use that to determine if the program would successfully predict the rise or fall of that stock over specific time period.
Mr. Joseph arrived with a large box of data for the stock in question. Since it would take time for my staff to enter the data into my software's system before we could determine whether the software had been refined enough to make an accurate "prediction", Mr. Joseph and I ended up in my office while awaiting the results.
After about an hour of aimless discussion on various subjects, my curiosity got the best of me and I asked, "If you do not mind my asking, who was that young lady who sat in your office and was seated at your side during the dinner on the day of our first meeting?" The question seemed to pique his interest.
Mr. Joseph responded, "Why are you interested in my associate, Jennifer?"
"I just wanted to know who that interesting create is. She is quite beautiful."
Before he could respond, I receive a call from my computer lab asking for Mr. Joseph and myself to come to the research computer. We immediately left my office to go to the lab.
Upon our arrival, my senior research associated explained how the data was loaded into the computer and converted into data streams that allowed the computer to make it's prediction on the outcome of that stock over the period of time covered by the data Mr. Joseph had given us. The computer predicted with a 70% probability, a 25% increase in the value of that stock. Mr. Joseph than pulled out a piece of paper with the actual performance of the stock in question. During that period, the value of the stock had increased by 19%.
Both Mr. Joseph and I were pleased with the performance of the program. The results showed that the program needed more refinement to increase its accuracy. I told Mr. Joseph that I wanted to spend another two months working on refining the software. He agreed with my assessment and we set a tentative date for the next demonstration of the software.
Just as Mr. Joseph was leaving, he turned and asked if I would like to attend a formal dinner that he attends each year. The dinner was the weekend after next. He would arrange for a table for myself and up to 3 additional people. He noted that the dinner/party was a little on the adult risqué side and that I should dress appropriately. He pointed out that beside himself that I would know one other person at the affair in that Jennifer would be his date for the dinner. I quickly gave it some thought and agreed to attend. I was eager to see Jennifer again (especially dressed) but what made me give it some thought was his comment, "the dinner would be a little on the adult risqué side". How risqué and what could I wear that would fit in with that theme.
Since I have large C size breast and a fairly tone figure (I would say I am a 7 or 7+ in the looks department), I thought a full length, form fitting dress showing a lot of cleavage with slits running from the bottom of the dress up to just pass the knees would be in vogue with the party's theme.
Since I was so busy with my work on the program, I had my housekeeper, Marilyn, shop for the dress that I wanted for the party. Marilyn has been in my employment for the last five years. As my business took off and I had disposal money I purchase a rather large house and needed someone to keep it up for me, Marilyn was perfect for the job. We have become rather close during that time. Our age difference, ten years, in a way has contribute to that closeness. She is old enough to give me sage advice but close enough in age to create a bond that transcends employer/employee, moving into a personal caring/bonding situation. A week later she had secured the perfect dress.
The dress was made of a cling lavender silk material. When I tried it on and noticed that I would not need a bra since the dress had some built-in breast support which produced sufficient cleavage. The panties that I had on ruined the flow of the material and gave me a distinct panty line. The solution was, of course, no panties. My only concern was that the side slits ran about 3 inches higher than my knees. As a result, when seated, the dress showed a lot of leg (which was not a problem since I have nice legs).
I arrived at the dinner a little early. I had 3 members (two males and a female) from my programming group attend the party with me. I thought there might be an opportunity to discuss with Mr. Joseph the advances we had made in the programming language needed to convert the software into a better predictive stock market machine. Unfortunately, our table was across the room from Mr. Joseph's. We were, however, able to look across the room and have a direct line of sight of Mr. Joseph's table.
We were seated at our table prior to the arrival of Mr. Joseph. He arrived a little late and seemed a little agitated. That agitation quickly abated with the arrival of Jennifer who was being escorted to the table by the hotel manager and, what appeared to be, a member of the hotel security staff, what an entrance!
Upon see her, a tinkling sensation ran through my body ending up causing a slight spasm at the entrance of my pussy (quite an unusual occurrence for me). I sat there entranced by the sight of her beautiful body in that quite reveling dress (a blue dress with no sides to it, being held together by two ties on each side of the dress, which discreetly obscuring the view of the sides of her breasts and hips (talking about being risqué).
Mr. Joseph, accompanied by Jennifer, went from table to table greeting people in attendance and introducing Jennifer to them. When he arrived at my table, he seemed to be pleased that I had come to the party. When he started his introduction of himself and Jennifer to our table, I reached out my hand to Jennifer and stated that we had met before. I saw a moment of recognition on her face, which caused her to blush somewhat (and made me feel good that she remembered me).
Our table was the last one to be visited by Mr. Joseph. I did follow Jennifer with my eyes as she was led back to Mr. Joseph's table. I occasionally (ok, more than occasionally) looked at Jennifer seated at their table. She seemed to be having a good time interacting with the two other couples at their table.
At some point later, a dance band started playing music. Various couples went to the dance floor and started dancing. A few songs later, I saw Mr. Joseph lead Jennifer to the dance floor. I watched them dance (I could not take my eyes off Jennifer). After a few minutes, I noticed that, taking advantage of her dress being two halves held together by two ties, Mr. Joseph slipped his hand through the side slit and placed it on Jennifer's very prominent and shapely rear. She seemed a little surprised but quickly accepted his hand being there. I looked to see if anyone else noticed or was disturbed by Mr. Joseph blatant action. That is when I noticed that most of the women on the dance floor were in various ways being feel up by their dance partners through the parts of their attire that allow access to the most sensitive parts of their bodies (their outfits made mine look like something a nun wear!). It made me realize what Mr. Joseph meant when he said that the party would be somewhat risqué.
I must admit that I was surprised that the two men at their table, upon dancing with Jennifer took the same liberties with Jennifer that Mr. Joseph had taken. That gave me pause.
But that pause was soon supplanted by what I saw next, Mr. Joseph pulling at and untying the tie that went across Jennifer's hip. A few minutes later, Mr. Joseph lead Jennifer back onto the dance floor for a fast dance number. When he turned her, the front and back of dress completely separated fully showing her body from slightly above her waist down to her feet (Jennifer must have undone the tie on the other side of the dress). That was really risqué.
When they returned to their table, one of the other men immediately took Jennifer back on to the dance floor and spun her at every opportunity. I looked at her face, she was having fun!
I was suddenly surprised when hearing Mr. Joseph at my table asking me to dance. With a little tribulation, caused by not knowing what he expected of me on the dance floor, I accepted.
As we danced (a slow number) Mr. Joseph inquired as to whether I was enjoying myself. I thanked him for inviting me and stated that I was enjoying myself (not mentioning it was because I was watching Jennifer). That is when I felt his hand slide from my waist to rest on my rear which he gently stroked in that circular motion he used on Jennifer rear (to my surprise, it sent tingling sensations straight to my pussy). I leaned my body more into his, laying my head onto his chest which in a sense, encourage his actions on my rear. I had seldom experienced such intimate feelings. We stayed that way for the duration of the dance with his hand never ceasing to stroke my rear. At one point, the fingers of that hand moved over to the crack between my buttock allowing him to squeeze that side of my rear before returning to its original position on my rear where he continued stroking it. The most surprising thing, when he had returned me to my table and I sat down, was that I felt moisture clinging to my pussy lips (did I have a slight climax?). He left me there wanting more!
About five dances later, Mr. Joseph returned and asked me to dance again. This time we danced through several slow songs in a row. At the start of the first dance, he once again placed his hand on rear. In response, I again lend in. Sometime during the second dance, he moved that hand from my rear, to my waist and then further up to the side of my breast which he stroked just as gently as he had my rear. I encouraged his actions by emitting a series of soft murmurs.
A little later, as we continued dancing, he noticed my murmuring peaked a little louder as I looked at Jennifer as she danced with yet another male partner who had his hand inside of the wide open side of her dress clearly groping her breast. He then asked me what I thought of the design of her dress. I stated I liked it even though it put my dress to shame as far as risqué went.
I next felt his hand pulling open the cleavage of my dress until the nipple of my right breast was exposed which he then twisted, pinched, and pulled. At that point, Mr. Joseph had to hold me up as my knees slightly buckled and I heard him say, "I think your dress now matches the risqué factor of Jennifer's dress."
It surprised every fiber of my being, when his hand left my breast and returned to stroking my rear, I left my breast exposed until we returned to my table. My eyes followed him as he returned to his table as I pulled the front of my dress back up to cover my breast. As I turned back to look at my three employees, they had this look on their faces that said, "She finally has loosened up."
My last surprise of the evening was seeing Jennifer and Mr. Joseph walking out of the room, leaving for the evening. Jennifer dress was completely undone, leaving the two halves totally open giving everyone a good look at her beautiful body. I experience a second slight orgasm of the night because of seeing her that way.
We left soon afterwards. What an evening!
Once I was home and alone, I went to my bedroom to remove my clothes with the intention of bathing and preparing for bed. I stood at my shower after turning the water on, waiting for it to heat up. My mind returned to that dance with Mr. Joseph where he lowered the cleavage to expose my right breast. My hand, absent-minded, reached for that breast's nipple, twisting, pinching, and pulling it. My mind saw not my hand but the hand of Mr. Joseph doing that to me. All of that reminded me of how susceptible I was to being sexually aroused by Mr. Joseph's playing with and exposing parts of my body; along with seeing Jennifer being exposed and felt up by those men on the dance floor. I slumped over slightly as my pussy spasmed in intense pleasure.
Turning off the shower's water, I walked naked through my house (with liquid leaking from my pussy down my legs and onto the floor) until I reached my office. Opening the door, I entered and laid myself down on that couch. Spreading my legs as far apart as I could so that my pussy lips would open on their own, my fingers found their way down there. They pull my lips even further apart and then plunged themselves into my sex, seeking to touch every spot inside of me driving myself to that ultimate release. When it came, I raised my hips as high as I could from the couch, repeatedly thrusting upward seeking that penis that was there in my mind only. After about half a minute of thrusting, I was spent and collapse down onto the couch where I passed out from the intensity of that climax. With no one there to bring me back, I laid there until awaken in the morning from the sunlight coming through the window on the wall.
Monday morning it was back to the reality of working to modify my program to predict stock market. A few days later, I had a phone conference with Mr. Joseph where I informed him of the success we had experienced with the program. He was delighted. He gave me a test list of 5 stocks that he wanted to track to gauge the effectiveness of the program. The effectiveness of the program would determine whether he would purchase it and to start using it to determine his investing strategy in the stock market. I was excited at the prospect of selling the program and seeing the fruits of my labor being put into practical use!
Just before we ended our conversation, out of the blue, Mr. Joseph asked me if I knew how to play poker. That question brought back very fond memories of my father and my three brothers spending numerous Sunday evening playing poker. Being the only female in the game, I made it my mission to show that gender had nothing to do with playing poker. In my spare time I read books on how to play and win at poker. It got to the point where my brothers stop playing because they hardly ever beat me at that game. So, my answer to the question was, "Yes I do and if I say so myself, and I am pretty good at it."
Mr. Joseph responded, "Great. I am having a poker games next month at my residence on the first Friday evening of the month. Be there at 8:00pm". He then hung up the phone.
As I hung up the phone, a few thoughts were running through my head.
1)I have not played poke in a few years but that can be taken care of by playing online with my computer a few times before Mr. Joseph's game.
2)I was not worried about the possibility of losing money, considering how much I was charging Mr. Joseph for modifying my program.
3)I was sexually excited by the prospect of seeing Mr. Joseph again in a social setting. He really turned me on at that dance, and maybe my upward thrusting pussy might be penetrated by a real penis (Mr. Joseph's) sometime that evening.
4)I was consumed with the thought that Mr. Joseph might be displaying Jennifer's body at the game attempting to distract the other players (just as he attempted to do to me in his office during our initial business meeting). I desperately wanted to see a naked Jennifer again (that woman is so beautiful and sexy).
Two weeks later, I sat at the far end of an elegant poker table facing Mr. Joseph. There were two men sitting on both sides in the middle of the table. They were friends/acquaintances of Mr. Joseph that I met for the first time that night.
We had been playing cards for a little over an hour. No one was really winning big; the winning hands had been somewhat evenly distributed. I was enjoying myself with a nostalgic feeling of playing with my father and brothers when I was suddenly brought back to the reality of where I was. The door to the room open and in walked Jennifer!
Jennifer was a vision of beauty. She was dressed in a white loosely knitted transparent micro Mimi skirt, the top of which sat on her hips and the bottom was just long enough too barely hang below her pussy. The skirt was transparent enough that I could see her panties (which were a triangular white tong made of a patch of the same transparent material, held in place by tiny white strands which were attached to the three corners of the triangular and went around her hips and between her legs). On top she wore a short sleeve shirt of the same material which featured a high neckline with the bottom of the shirt just covering both of her areolas thus leaving the bottom curve of her breast uncovered and totally exposed.
The material of her outfit, being so transparent, allowed me to see how much muscle she had added to her still famine body. The added muscles in her chest caused her medium size breast to sit a little higher up on her chest.
I was staring at her which caused the five men to turn and look at what had attached my attention. Upon seeing Jennifer, Mr. Joseph stopped dealing the cards and slid his chair slightly back from the table and indicated to Jennifer to sit on his right leg. Once she had settled in sitting on his leg (with that short skirt up around her waist fully exposing her tong covered pussy) Mr. Joseph restarted dealing the cards and the poke game resumed.
About an hour later (around 10:30pm) the fortune of the game had changed. Mr. Joseph, the man on Mr. Joseph immediate left and I were winning all the hands.
Ever since Jennifer had been sitting on Mr. Joseph lap, his right hand had been up under Jennifer's short shirt occasionally stroking her breast. That seemed to have had the effect of relaxing him which resulted in him playing better. Soon his pile of chips had grown substantially.
The man on Mr. Joseph far left who was constantly losing suddenly objected to Jennifer presence at the game. He claimed, rather loudly, that Mr. Joseph had an unfair advantage of having something that relaxed him (aka, Jennifer) and at the same distracted the other players. Apparently, realizing that this man had a point, Mr. Joseph said, "I am sorry, what a rude host I am being. Jennifer please go and sit on Al's lap for a while."
To my mild surprise, Jennifer got and started toward Al's chair. Thinking back to that first meeting in Mr. Joseph's office, I was convinced that was why Mr. Joseph had her here, to gain an advantage in this poker game. The other question I had was, did Mr. Joseph have any other motivation behind Jennifer's presence here at the game?
We all stop and watched Jennifer as she approached Al's chair. I, as well as the other people at the table, noticed that Jennifer did not bothering to move the skirt down from around her waist thus presenting us a clear view of her barely covered pussy. Al pulled his chair back, patted his leg indicating that he wanted Jennifer to sit on his lap just as she had done for Mr. Joseph. Whereas Mr. Joseph had apparently absentmindedly fondled Jennifer, Al was consciously doing it to the point that he just gently pulled the shirt up over the top of her breasts exposing them to everyone. That did not seem to faze Jennifer, she just sat there and accepted whatever physical contact Al was making with her body.
That made me wonder if Jennifer was ordered by Mr. Joseph to do so or if she was just into that sort of thing. I secretly hope that it was the latter case because I hope things would evolve during game so that I got a chance to have Jennifer body to play with.
Al did relax with Jennifer at his side. His poke playing did immediately improve to the point that he easily won the next two hands. I could tell that by Al's action that he was somewhat of a vain man. Wanting everyone to think that it was his playing skills that won those two hands, he said to Jennifer out loud so we could all hear, "Thank you Jennifer for sitting with me, however I need to concentrate so you may leave."
As Jennifer got up from Al's lap and started walking back to Mr. Joseph. She did not brother to pull the shirt down to cover her breasts, that added to the sexual excitement I was feeling. On an impulse (coming straight from my pussy), I spoke up saying, "Do we have some sexism going on here or don't I get a chance to see if Jennifer can assist my card playing."
Mr. Joseph nodded to Jennifer, who then turned around and walked over to my chair. I decided to have Jennifer stand next to my chair (as oppose to sitting on my lap) on my left side since I am left handed. From that position, Jennifer entire immaculately toned butt cheeks, which were essentially uncovered with the exception of that string passing through her legs, over her butt through the center of that rosebud of her anus until it connected to the string going around her waist, was expose to my touch. I gently slip my hand all over those cheeks, god that felt good! I was starting to get very aroused. That arousal peaked every time I moved the string out of the way so that one of my fingers could circled around the rosebud of her anus.
I lost that hand of poker but won the next one. As I resume stroking her anus, I got tired of moving that string out of the way, so I pulled the whole tong down to the middle of her legs, that allowed my stroking and rimming to increase unabated. I easily won the next two hands of poker.
At that point, the man (John I believe) sitting to Mr. Joseph's right requested Jennifer presence so he could get some of the luck of having a very exposed woman by his side. Feeling the need to calm down sexually, I patted Jennifer naked behind, signaling for her to go to John. Jennifer, who must have known the effect she was having on us, did not pull up that tong. Instead she started ducked walking over to John. The man on my left (Tim), whom Jennifer had to pass by to get to John, stop Jennifer when she got next to his chair and said to her, "Let me help you." He lowered the tong all the way down to Jennifer's feet. She then stepped out of the tong leaving them on the floor to be picked up by Tim. Mr. Joseph spoke up saying, "Tim put the tong into the pot. The winner of the next hand gets to keep that tong along with the rest of Jennifer clothes." Everyone cheered that suggestion.
As that hand was being played out, I could not but help watching what John was doing to our naked and compliant Jennifer. He was somewhat bold in that he not only stroked her rear, and like me teased her anus, but he slid his hand completely from her backside to her front where his finger slid up and down her slit. That cause her prominent clit to come completely from under its hood, something everyone at the table noticed. My sexual excitement ramped up again, as I wished I had been bold enough to do those things to Jennifer, especially in front of these men at the table.
There was spirited betting on this hand, which was won by Jim, the man on Mr. Joseph's immediate left. Jim separated the tong from his winnings, putting the it in his pocket. He had Jennifer come to his chair where he removed both the shirt and skirt from Jennifer, placing both items in his pocket containing the tong.
Mr. Joseph then called Jennifer over to sit on his lap. Mr. Joseph then said, "Gentlemen and Lady, it is late in the evening. We will have one last hand of poker. Being your host, I will deal the cards but will not play this hand. There will be no money in the pot. The item that you will be playing for is sitting on my lap. The winner will have Jennifer at their disposal here at the table for a ten minute period during which the winner will be allowed to fondle her body using either hands, mouth, or both until either she climaxes, or the ten minute expires."
Looking directly at me, Mr. Joseph said, "Are we all in for this last game?" It took me less than a second to give him an affirmative reply in unison with the four men at the table. How could I not. There she was naked with that beautiful tone body with a clean shaven pussy whose clit was sticking proudly outside of its hood. I so want to suck that clit.
Since there was no money involved in the game, the first hand was dealt and then cards were discarded and replaced, leading to a quick conclusion of the game.
I won!
I stood up and moved my chair back away from the table waiting for Jennifer to come to me. When she arrived, I placed her between myself and the poker table. We were looking straight into each other eyes. I am sure she saw my wanton desire for her. I put my hands on her hips and spun her around so that she was facing the table looking directly back at Mr. Joseph, who had a look of curiosity on his face. The other four men were intently watching me with that same questioning look of; what is that woman is going to do with a naked female.
I placed my hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her upper body down onto the table while pushing her feet apart, thus leaving her ass and wide open pussy pointing directly at me. I then fell to my knees so that my face lineup directly with Jennifer's pussy. Since I had rarely had sex with a woman, what was now spread before me was so sexually attractive that I spent a good minute just looking at it (wondering if my anus and pussy looked as good to whomever I happen to let look at me that way).
I tentatively stuck my tongue inside her to probe into her inner pussy. I Pulled back a second to allow myself to saver the wonderful tasting and the feel of a woman's inner pussy. I then resumed licking every square centimeter of Jennifer's exposure vagina.
After about four minutes of my assaulting that pussy, I stop licking as I noticed that Jennifer's clit had extended itself further out from its hood. It stood firm. I had to have it in my mouth. I gently bit down on that very exposed clit. That did it; Jennifer came with a shattering climax that lasted at least a minute during which I continued to alternate between licking her pussy and sucking on that amazing clit. At the last instance of Jennifer coming down from her orgasm, she stuck her pussy forceful into my face and shuttered one last time. That did, I came like never before in my life.
As I sat there on my knees with my face inches away from that paradise of Jennifer's pussy. She, although weak, rose from the table, looked at me, then on unsteady legs walked back over to stand next to Mr. Joseph. I could not move, I was too weak from the effects of that orgasm. I stayed there thinking, am I now a lesbian? The answer was no but I would not be opposed to doing this again. This experience was mind blowing but what I needed now was a stiff penis or two to forcefully plummet the depth of my pussy.
I saw Mr. Joseph whisper into Jennifer's ear. She then turned and walked naked out of the room.
For the next minute or so, I stayed where I was on my knees looking around the room at the men in the room. I needed to be fuck but my pride did not allow me to ask for it. The other four men had this look of sexual lust but none of them wanted to make a move without Mr. Joseph initiating it.
The next thing I realized was that one of Mr. Joseph's associates escorted this extremely beautiful Asian woman into the room to stand next to Mr. Joseph. Mr. Joseph whispered something into this woman's ear. His associated then took her over to stand in the same spot where Jennifer had stood before me with my face directly facing this woman's cloth covered pussy. It then dawned on me that she was here to replace Jennifer. My sexual arousal peak as I looked at that heavenly junction of her hips and legs.
Mr. Joseph's associate standing behind her, removed her clothes, saving her panties for last. There was a brief pause during which everyone in the room looked at her nakedness. Then this man (Thomas as I later learned) placed his hands on her nipples which he twisted and pulled. Shortly thereafter, no doubt the result of being displayed nude, having her nipples tantalizing abused and her naked pussy close enough to my face so that she could feel breath on her pussy, this woman clearly became extremely aroused as evident by the liquid and sexual odor slowly seeping from the lips of her pussy.
The next thing I experience was her pussy being pushed (by Thomas) directly into my face. I came alive, placing both of my hands on her butt cheeks, holding her pussy into my face as I stuck out my tongue pushing it between her lips. That did it, this woman then squired all over my face. I was licking up her cum as fast as I could before surrendering to my own squirting orgasm.
The woman started to collapse, but Thomas caught her and held her up. I, however, feel over onto my side. The next thing I realize was that Tim came over and helped me to my feet.
Mr. Joseph came around the table and stood next to me. In a voice loud enough for everyone in the room to hear he said, "The woman, Ling, that you just ate out, is going to be lifted up and placed on the card table on her back with her butt on the edge of the table. All the men in this room are going to gangbang her. Would you like to be place in the same way on the table next to her so that you can hold hands while you are also being fucked by us?"
Thinking that I did indeed desperately needed to be fucked, I nodded yes even as I was thinking that a gangbang was excessive but realizing that otherwise I was not going to get the relief I so badly needed.
A nod apparently was not enough to satisfy the sexual craze that Mr. Joseph was experiencing because he then said, "Nodding is not good enough, you have to beg us to fuck you." Even though that was degrading, my need was too great for me not to comply. So, I shouted out as loud as I could, "Yes, fuck me all of you!"
With Tim still holding me up, Mr. Joseph place his hands at the neck of my blouse and rip it apart as he took it off my upper body. He grabbed the waist of my skirt and pulled until the button popped out and zipper was ripped, and the skirt dropped to the floor. He pulled the front of my bra until it broke and joined the skirt on the floor. Surprising he gently pulled my panties down my legs as I stepped out of them. Once they were off me, he then ripped them apart.
I kind of succumbed to this animalistic act of Mr. Joseph, as my pussy started leaking again as I saw a look of approval on Mr. Joseph face as he surveyed my naked body.
Thomas came over and lifted me out of the hands of Tim and easily placed my body on the table next to Ling. Ling looked into my eyes as we joined hands. There was a connection between us, two women who agreed to be ravaged by a group of men. I came again at that thought.
The next thing I saw was Jim placing himself (and his penis) between Lings open legs. In one smooth motion he sank his penis all the way into Ling. In response, Ling tighten her grip on my hand as her hips thrusted upward to meet Jim's thrust. I felt a pang of jealousy, wishing that someone would pound me like that.
Looking away from Ling, I saw the face of Mr. Joseph heading for my pussy. He proceeded to fuck my pussy with his tongue and fingers. Since I was in such a high state of sexual desire, that was all it took to bring me to two powerful climaxes.
As I was coming down from that high, I saw Tim taking over the position between my legs. He sank into me as easily as Jim had into Ling. Within two minutes I felt a large amount of his cum splashing deep within me. That set me off again!
Tim got off of me and was replace by one of the other men (from that moment on, I was on such a sexual high I didn't recognize or care who was between my legs just as long as he had a dick and was pounding me with it). I did feel him groping my breasts as he fucked me. That was followed by a few mild slaps of my breasts (that added to the intensity of the feelings flowing throughout my body).
The next surprise came when the next man stepped between my legs. Through my foggy eyes I saw he intently looking at the cum leaking out of my pussy. He then slapped my pussy just before driving his penis into me. The combination of that slap and the sensation of immediately being penetrate, sent me to the highest level of sexual pleasure I have every experience.
From that point on, I was repeated penetrated, as my breasts were groped, slapped, my nipples sucked, pulled and twisted and I was bitten all over my body. At that point I believe I passed out from the intensity of the pleasure my body was receiving. I believe even though I was out, they continued to fuck me, as evident by the bite on one of my ass cheeks which I had no memory of being bitten there, and accumulation of cum that was all over my body and profusely leaking out of my pussy.
It was early in the AM when I regained my consciousness. I was looking up at the face of Mr. Joseph as he said to me, "Sharon, we are finished using you. Everyone has left except for you. It is around 3:00am. Since your arrived here by taxi, I am having my driver and Thomas take you home. We have your purse and keys, but your clothes are in shatters. However, since it is a very warm night, you really have no need for clothes. Besides, whom am I to deprive anyone, who might see you, the privilege of looking at your well fucked body. (Since I was still in an extreme sexual high, the exhibitionist in me came out and I agreed with Mr. Joseph's logic)! Therefore, Thomas will take you home in the condition that you are in now. He will see to your safe arrival and entrance into your home. At the point if you need any further assistance, just inform Thomas what you need, and he will provide that assistance for you prior to his leaving your residence".
At that point, Thomas picked my cum cover body up off the table and putting my arm over his shoulder, he carried me to Mr. Joseph's car. As we approached the car, the driver got out and held open the rear door for Thomas and me. He got a good view of my naked and cum cover body.
Once we were situated in the back seat, Thomas pulled my body over to his and held me there for the entire trip to my home. I felt safe and secure in that man's powerful embrace. I showed my appreciation for his kindness by slowly stroking the firm erection I founded in his pants.
At my house, Thomas put my arm over his shoulder as he walked me to my front door. The driver had my purse and got my keys out to open the door. Once the door was open, he handed the keys and purse to Thomas. Thomas instructed the driver to wait in the car until his return.
Once inside, Thomas asked me which was the way to my bedroom. I was still in a highly aroused state, so I directed him toward my office. Opening the door Thomas said, "I believe you must be mistaken; this is an office not a bedroom. Looking upwards so I could look him in the eyes, (he must have been at least 6' 4'' tall) I said, "No mistake. This is where I go when in need of sexual relief. Place me on my back on the couch."
Thomas very carefully place me on the couch as I had requested. "I need one more thing from you before you can leave me here. After that, hand me my keys so I can remotely lock the front door after you walk out."
"What is that you need me to do?"
"Mr. Joseph stated that if I needed any further assistance, to just inform you of what I need, and you would provide that assistance to me prior to your leaving. I have this insatiable desire to suck all those cocks that gave me all those wonderful climaxes that I experience when I was being fucked on that card table. Since at least 5 men fucked me and none of them are here, I can only satisfy this desire by sucking your dick in their place. I would also be thanking you for, even though I was naked and in a condition where I was sexual vulnerable, I felt so safe, secure and protected in your embrace as I laid my head on your chest during the trip here. Please straddle my chest and pull out your penis so that I can orally make love to it as I fall asleep here on this couch. Thomas, in that gentle manner that he carries himself in, did as I requested.