Some years I'm so into the idea of New Year's Eve, others it just feels like too much. This year was one of the exciting ones! There was a NYE masquerade party that my man, my best friend and I had been invited to.
My body was buzzing at the thought of going to this party and seeing what everyone had come up with. Something about assuming alternate identities gets people in a special sexy kind of mood. For the last week, I've been fantasizing about fucking someone and only having true access to their mouth. Their eyes and the rest of their face covered, with just their lips, tongue and teeth easily accessible is so hot.
I love to lick and suck... tongues, lips, ear lobes, necks, nipples, cocks, balls, assholes. I haven't sucked a clit or pussy lips, yet but am very eager for the opportunity. I've fooled around with women and was once eaten out by this delicious blonde. I was her plaything while she got fucked but that's a story for another time...
I'm getting ready for this party at home, sipping on whiskey and I pull my wand out to start curling my hair. I'm wearing a long button up denim shirt and thigh high socks with my slippers. No bra, no panties. While I wait for the wand to heat up, I sit on the edge of my bed and cross my right leg over my left. The way the shirt tails fall and the socks are gripping my thick thighs, I have to admit is pretty hot. I snap a pic with my phone and shoot it off to my man. I tell him I wish he was on his knees and running his tongue all over the exposed part of my body.
As much as I'd love to get into a whole photoshoot, there's no time for this right now. I finish my drink and pour another and get to doing my hair. Once that's all done, I pop outside and spark a j. I lean against the cool wall, inhale deeply and draw circles with my free hand over my legs. As I smoke, I think of the time I got fucked right in the spot I'm standing and I feel the tops of my thighs get wet. I'm so horny and easily distracted at the moment, so I make myself finish up.
Once inside and warm, I strip down and glance at myself in the mirror. My nipples are hard from the cool air and my skin has a little flush from the booze. I look pretty hot, and could definitely go for a fuck in this mirror. Maybe later, drunk and revved up from all the masks.
Hunting around in my drawer, I find a pair of unworn fishnets. They'll be nice and tight, digging into my skin ever so slightly. I love playing in fishnets, rubbing my ass up against another body, having my pussy licked through them, riding a cock without taking them off. I sit down on the bed, put my toe in each stocking and begin slowly rolling them up my calves, over my knee, stretching them over my thighs and even more tugging to get them over my ass and hips. I grab a black g-string and toss it on. Over the fishnets keeps things accessible.
This is a very hot look and I can feel a little juice release between my lips, wetting the crotch of my panties. I check my phone and see messages asking if I'm close to ready and an ETA. There's not much time to get carried away with a little self love, so I begin flicking through my closet and find a tight black dress that has a slit nearly all the way up to my left hip. It's a satin, sleeveless square neck number that hugs my curves and pushes my tits up without a bra. Perfect for tonight.
I grab a string of pearls and loop them around my neck a few times. Visions of these being used in some very provocative ways later on dance around in my head. I put on some big pearl drop earrings, a few bracelets and pop back in the washroom to put on the finishing touches.
There's a click in the door and I hear the turn of his key. The lights are just a little low and I've got candles going. If we didn't have this party to go to, it would be a really sexy atmosphere for a massage and fuck fest. He walks into my bedroom just as I'm slipping into my heels and walks right over. "You look... incredible" he says before he grabs my face and kisses me hard. Red lipstick paints his mouth.
Lowering down to his knees, he pushes my dress up and starts running his lips all over my thighs. We really don't have time for this but who am I to deny him? Inching up to my sweet spot, pulling me forward a little, he grabs my left leg and puts it over his right shoulder. I moan and run my fingers through his hair as he inhales the crotch of my panties. He's teasing me with kisses all around the seams, using his tongue to give me tiny licks. I want more and plead with him to please lick me out. Pulling the fabric to the side, he gives me a long, wet kiss and then that's it! Placing my leg back on the floor, he tells me he wants his slut horny for the night.
I pull on a long fur jacket, grab lipstick, my little sparkly clutch and our masquerade masks. The cab has arrived so there's no time for final touches. I text my best friend to let her know we're on our way. Really, I should have done this twenty minutes earlier because it's a bit like herding cats to get her out the door.
The driver is a chatty old guy. Normally I'd try to get a little frisky in the back, see if we get noticed but I just put his hand on my exposed leg. We make a quick stop to grab my bestie and to my surprise, she's waiting! Strolling up to the car looking like a movie star, she looks fucking hot, we both tell her so as she plops in the front seat.
We arrive at the party and the place is crawling with people! It's at a warehouse that has been completely transformed into something spectacular. Already from the outside, I can tell no detail has been left undone. We all put on our masks and my best friend and I intertwine our arms with my man so he can stroll in with two prizes.
To my delight, not one person is without a mask! There are some true beautiful masquerade ones like ours, but there's also some great interpretations of the theme: Batman, devil, different animals and... ohhh there's a Cat Woman slinking around. She looks incredible in her latex catsuit. Her ass looks like a ripe peach, and she's got a tiny waist. The catsuit is plunging just enough that her tits are popping out ever so suggestively and she's purring around like she knows she's got it going on.
We find the coat check, get rid of our coats, and my man pats our asses and tells us to go grab some drinks while he says hi to everyone. We make our way to the bar and scope out the scene. There are some really fucking hot people here! We're turning heads every which way we go and see a few familiar faces and stop to chat. My bestie is single so I'm scanning the crowd, seeking out some opportunities for her. She finds one of her own and sparks up convo and I stay the course.
I saddle up to the bar and take it all in. The warehouse is sparkling with black, gold, and silver decor. There's punch bowls everywhere, hors d'oeuvres, and even a ball to drop at midnight! It all looks so incredible. I feel eyes on me and turn my head slightly to see a tall, moustached man leaning confidently against the bar, smiling directly at me. He's also dressed in all black, wearing a Zorro style hat and mask. "We match" he says and I laugh. "Yes, I guess you could say that. I'm into the look". He tips his hat, moves closer and we chit chat a bit.
At this point, the bartender could take all the time he'd like. I notice how even with my heels on, Zorro is much taller than me and thoughts of him picking me up and fucking me on the bar creep in. These are interrupted when it's my turn to order drinks, an old fashioned for myself and a vodka soda for my man. I tell Zorro I hope to see him around, "Oh you will", he replies before I take off. I glance over my shoulder a few steps away and he's been watching the sway of my hips and looks very pleased. My panties are soaked.
As I make my way back, I spot Cat Woman again and catch her eye. She gives me a sly smirk and we hold one another's gaze for a few moments. I figure he's likely dying of thirst, so I keep moving. If it's meant to be, I'll be seeing her again.
I find him with a group of friends and hand him his drink. While I do this, he loops his arm around my waist and draws me in, slipping his hand down to rest on my ass. He gives me a good squeeze and a kiss to thank me. I sip and enjoy his subtle groping, thinking to myself how much I'd love him to lift my dress and rub his fingers along the crease of my ass and down to the backside of my pussy. Playing with me discreetly with the chance of someone possibly catching us.
After I spend a little time chit chatting, the music takes a turn and the dance floor is calling me. I kiss him hard and tell him he knows where to find me. My bestie has been making her way over to me so we can go and dance our hearts out.
Between songs and drinks, it's really easy to lose track of time. I decide a hydration and a lipstick reapply are likely in order and leave her singing some 80's song with the guy she's been chatting up.
I do a quick scan for my date and come up with nothing. So I grab two waters off a table, crack one open and chug it. I hunt around in my clutch for my lipstick and realize I left it in the pocket of my coat! Damn it! Oh well, this gives me an opportunity to check out all the party decor and maybe catch Zorro or Cat Woman again.
Making my way to the coat check, I notice there are so many lounge areas and quite a party going on in every corner of this building. There are chaises that look incredible for some threesome style fun. Laying back and having my pussy eaten while propped up enough to suck a cock. Or bent over, being licked or fucked, while sucking. Fuck, am I ever horny.
Still sipping on the water bottles, I dip into the corridor that will lead me to my coat. No one is there to ask for my ticket, so I waltz into the coat room. Before venturing in too far, I spot my man and Cat Woman. Together! I lean against the doorway and can definitely feel sex in the air. We all have a great view of one another but I can tell from what I'm witnessing, they likely won't notice me.
They're chatting and the energy between them is fiery. She moves closer to him and puts her hand on his chest before she leans in to tempt him with a near kiss. As much as he loves to dominate and be in control, he's down for a bit of a chase. Running her nails up and down his chest, she guides his left hand to her ass. He lets out a low groan while running his hand along her ass cheek before gripping her hard and drawing her in close. They exchange a few words and she's arching her back and grinding her body into him.
All this action is making me so hot that I find myself trailing my nails up the opening of my dress, brushing my exposed leg and playing with my fishnets every so slightly. I have my other hand running against my nipples, which are quite hard and sensitive. Before I know it, my pussy is throbbing and I'm rubbing my thighs together. I would really love to tease my slit with my nail.
A few more words between them, a couple of laughs and then she turns to leave, catching my eye. She's a little caught off guard, but I smile and walk towards them. "I was wondering where you'd gone off to" I say to my man as draws me in and kisses me. I look to Cat Woman and ask her if she's enjoying herself and say I noticed she's found quite the party favour.
Turns out, Cat Woman and her husband are also in the lifestyle and they were talking about how fun it would be to get the four of us together. She's interested in exploring with women, has messed around here and there but would like to take things further. Her husband accompanied her to the party and will definitely be into some fun. My interest is certainly piqued, but I tell her that at this exact moment what I'd really love is to taste her lips.
She steps closer to me and I can smell the soft scent of her body lotion. We smile at one another and she leans in, kissing me ever so gently. Her lips are more supple than I imagined. I tease her a little, darting my tongue on her lips and she lets out a low moan that I know made my man's cock twitch. We tempt one another, alternating light kisses and slipping our tongues into each other's mouths. Our bodies are pressed together and our hands are starting to wander. At this point, I want to rip both of our masks off and get right to it but I hold off. There's all the time in the world for that, no need to rush the masquerade.
The moment is interrupted with the sound of voices and laughter approaching. Within seconds, my bestie comes bounding in, linked arm in arm with her suitor. I get the sense they thought they would be alone in this gigantic closet because she seems shocked to see the three of us... and he has quite the bulge in his pants. They can without a doubt feel the electricity in the air and Cat Woman and I haven't created much distance between us.
I ask her what she's up to and she raises her eyebrow and tosses me a devilish grin. She returns the question and I say I came for my lipstick. Cat Woman says she's going to find her husband and saunters toward the door and not one of us can take our eyes off her succulent body. She turns and glances over her shoulder as she's walking through the doorway and I know her look says "see you later".
I rush to get my lipstick as I can hear the tunes kicking up again. My man is chatting with my bestie and this guy, kind of feeling him out to make sure he's a solid enough dude for her to leave with. I dig around and find my coat and clutch the tube out of my pocket. I hand it over to my best friend and she slowly applies it to my lips. Both men watching intently and hoping that we will just fuck it all up with a kiss.
"You good?" I ask her.
"I'm good"
"Okay, see you tomorrow". I grab my man's arm and lead him out of the room. We're not three steps away before we overhear giggles and a moan.
It's not quite midnight and the party is still bumpin'. No one is left in the lounge area, they're all upstairs waiting for the ball to drop. Before we get back to the dancefloor, he pushes me up against the wall and kisses me with a sense of desire mixed with urgency. He tells me how fucking hot it was to watch me kiss another woman and he cannot wait for more. We do a little mingling on our way for another drink. He's holding my hand and leading me through the crowd. Heads are turning, noticing us, and he has a smile a mile wide beaming off his face.
One of my favourite songs comes on and before we get to the bar, he pulls me to the dance floor so I can grind my ass all over him. Once the song changes, I turn to face him and we start kissing a little. He grabs my throat lightly with one hand while running the other up and down my thigh. We stay for a few songs and we tease each other the whole time. Again, he plays with the fabric of my panties, softly fingering my freshly shaved skin and getting ever so close to slipping inside. I brush my hand against his cock and whisper how badly I want to suck it with Cat Woman. He moans and tells me to take my panties off right there and give them to him.
I shimmy the g-string over my hips and ass. It's a bit of a challenge on a good day considering I have a lot of hip and even more ass, but through my dress is a bit more difficult. I feel it slipping down my thighs and I'm able to step out of them. They are completely drenched and I know for sure I can smell how much I'm turned on. I hand them to him, he balls them up, brings them to his nose and mouth and inhales deeply. Then he puts them on my face. He tells me what a good slut I am, kisses me hard and puts my panties in his pocket.
He looks so hot with the mask on and I tell him I need to feel him inside of me as soon as I possibly can. Just then, I spot Cat Woman and Zorro on the dance floor, and they're making out! I cannot believe that this is the husband and wife pair we could be throwing down with! When they come up for air, he catches my eye and grins. He says something to her and they both look over our way. I whisper that I think we might be in for it and motion over to the very sexy couple. The guys smile and nod to one another, he takes my hand and we walk over.
I'm so lost in the excitement that I don't even realize we are seconds away from midnight. Now all four of us are standing together and the countdown begins. Once the clock strikes midnight, my man has his mouth all over mine and is kissing me so passionately that I think I might just fuck him on the dance floor. His hands are grabbing at my waist in the way he knows drives me wild and I am running my nails along the back of his neck.
There are eyes on us, and the exhibitionist in me loves it. When we come up for air, I notice Cat Woman and Zorro watching us and they can't keep their hands off of one another. She steps in closer to me and grabs my face and gives me a sexy, wet kiss. It's not delicate and tempting like earlier, this is more deliberate and dominant. She's grabbing me and pulling me closer and then she does something I love so much: she grips my tongue with her lips and starts sucking on it. I am dripping down my legs at this point and know we need to take this somewhere a little more convenient.
The guys have exchanged pleasantries and confirmed with one another they're cool for this to happen. Cat Woman and I are still locked in our embrace but I notice that the dance floor is clearing a bit as some are headed for their coats. We decide to all grab a drink while the crowd dies down. Standing in a close group, everyone's hands are wandering a little: Zorro on my ass, my man on Cat Woman's thighs, her and I sharing little kisses here and there. Everyone's happy and laughing, and aside from being hot as fuck, this seems to be a really chill couple.
We finish our drinks, us girls get a shot of tequila for good measure and we head to grab our things so we can get down to a fuck fest. I can't wait to be on my knees sucking both of these cocks, looking up at both men and feeling them get harder and harder in my mouth. I also am so turned on by the ideal of kissing and licking a pussy for the very first time. She is curvy, her thighs are thick and I just want to be buried in between them.
Cat Woman and I stroll around the lounge room with all the chaises while the men pop out to get our jackets. There's a number of beautiful pieces of furniture, all in rich deep hues of blue, green, purple, each covered in velvet. Just for fun, I take a seat and lean back on one to test out my earlier vision of a cock in my mouth and a tongue in my pussy. My left leg is pretty much fully exposed from the slit in my dress and I remember that my panties are in my man's pocket. I inch the dress up a little more, so the slightest slip of the fabric would really expose me.
I ask her to come and sit with me, I want to see how the chaise holds up with multiple bodies on it. She smiles slyly and makes her way over to slide in beside me and press herself against my left hip. She begins tracing the diamond shapes in my stockings, first just above my knee, then making her way further up my thigh. Her nails feel so damn good. I lean back and arch my back a little, which causes my dress to fall a little more open and I can feel the cool air on my pussy.
She's very pleased to see I'm not wearing any panties. I tell her how they went missing and she intertwines her leg with mine, pressing the crotch of her pants against me. I wish we were fully nude. I want to see her body and I'd love to rub our pussies together with my string of pearls in between us, flicking our clits.
I am quite hopeful we can make use of this lounge area. Her and I are perfectly perched and we definitely have enough room for the two of us, plus some. There's also plenty of furniture around for some of us to observe while others play and vice versa. I know the bartenders will be looking to shut it all down, but a good number of guests are still on the dance floor. This could be a really hot prelude.
We hear laughter and in come our men, walking in on her and I looking lustful. I pray no one walks to talk or do anything but absolutely fuck my brains out. I have been on both sides of being tempted and tempting this whole night and it's been a blast... but now is go time. Everyone to this point has stayed in their masquerade mask, so I make a move and slowly remove mine. My man immediately rips his right off, he was over it hours ago but was doing it for me. Cat Woman is next and is much more of a stunner than I imagined, piercing eyes, great cheeks and her lips are something out of a dream. Zorro says he's enjoyed being in character and I tell him maybe I'll let him eat my pussy wearing the whole get up another time. Off his goes.
I know our time in this not so private area is limited, so I ask Cat Woman to please give my man an opportunity to experience just how great she feels. Before she gets up, she kisses me slow and deep, pressing her tongue up against mine and caressing my right tit. I know she can feel how hard my nipple is through the satin and I'd love for her to bite it.
She gets up and saunters over to him. Like earlier, she takes his hand and puts it on her ass. She places his other hand on her tit and is massaging it. "Holy fuck" he says and I smile at him when he catches my eye. He alternates which hand is on which part of her body and she is pressing herself up against him hard. I say that I'd love to see her breasts and now all four of us are grinning like the cat who ate the canary.
He starts working the zipper of her catsuit. It stops at her waist but it's enough for him to be able to get his hands on both of her full tits, slip them out and pull his mouth to them. At this point I've got my nipples out of my dress squeezing them between my thumbs and index fingers. I see her slip her hand into his pocket and I know she's found his cock from the way that he tilts his head back and moans.
I absolutely love the sounds he makes when he's being pleased, a complete and utter turn on for me. Sometimes I love to fuck in the pitch dark. There's something so sexy about hearing someone's grunts, gasps and moans while they plow their cock into you, only being able to hear and feel.
Zorro makes his way over to me and pushes my dress up to my hips. He positions himself on his knees, leaning against the chaise so he can slowly lick me while we watch our lovers enjoy one another. My fishnet clad legs spread with this incredibly sexy moustached man between them is quite the sight. He rests his head against my inner left thigh.This way he can position himself to alternate between unhurried licks, kisses and finger fucking while he observes my man suck his wife's tits. From the way he's got his mouth on Cat Woman, I know he wants to get to that pussy, so I ask him if there's a zipper between her legs. I didn't feel one earlier when she was pressed against me, but that doesn't mean there isn't.
He turns her around so that she's facing Zorro and I. With his left hand, he tugs at her nipple, with his right, he trails down her hip, the front of her lower abs and hovers at her pubic bone. She's pressing her body into him, teasing here and there with a grind of her hips. My man continues with the nipple play and then moves his hand down between her legs, caressing and searching for a zipper. There isn't one to be found but that's not stopping her from squeezing his hand between her legs and rubbing against him.
Between this hot scene I've been watching and Zorro's tongue and fingers, I am on the cusp of a major fucking orgasm. I want to cum in his mouth and all over his lips and then watch his wife lick and kiss it off. My man is watching me while he plays with her and this is driving me wild. I want to cum so badly but I tell her I think we should please our men and give some double blow jobs.
She drops to her knees pretty much immediately, Zorro gives my clit one lingering kiss and stands up. I also get to my knees, making no adjustment to my attire and Cat Woman still has her tits out. I turn to her, lick my lips and take one of her nipples between them. I suck so gently and run my nails over the other, feeling my clit throb and my own nipples longing for attention. We also each have a hand on a cock and they are raging hard through their pants. She pulls my face up to hers, we kiss and then turn to our men and begin undoing belts and zippers.
Like I said earlier, Zorro is a tall fucker so I need to be fully extended on my knees to get my mouth on him. My ass is fully out of my dress, exposed except for the fishnets and I love it. We get both cocks out and the smell that fills my nostrils is... incredible. So much sex in the air and I want to smell and taste everyone's cum. The heads of both cocks are glistening with pre-cum and I begin licking it off Zorro, Cat Woman doing the same to my man. I take the length of him a little further into my mouth, sucking hard on his head. I look up and just cannot believe how this night is turning out.
My man tells Cat Woman to move over and join me on Zorro, knowing that I won't let him go long without some action. Now both of us have our mouths all over his shaft and balls, sucking up each other's saliva. This goes on for a few moments before my man makes his way a little closer and pulls me by my hair off of Zorro and shoves his cock deep down my throat. We work on our own partners for a bit before Cat Woman joins me. Her and I begin sucking the sides of his cock, running our teeth so gently up and down. She's playing with his head, I've got my nails trailing along his balls and our tongues are meeting. This is going to send him over the edge for sure. I wish we had a camera going...
Suddenly, we hear a bunch of commotion and it's getting closer. For fuck sakes! I got so lost in the sex that I kind of forgot about the party. Up go the pants, down comes the dress and tits get put away. Couples couple up and we try to act casual while we watch people go by. I would love to wait it out, but catering carts start getting pushed up and down the corridor.
This moment is over and we all know it. We gather our items and Cat Woman and I exchange numbers. Everyone comments how fucking hot that was and how we can't wait to finish what we started. They take off and my man grabs my hand, pulling me into a washroom. The lighting is low and there are mirrors all along the one wall. The reclaiming time after playing with others is undeniably hot and intimate. There is no absence of passion in our relationship and sex life, but the first fuck after some extra curricular activities is something else.
He bends me over the sink, pulls my dress up and undoes his pants. He's got his phone out to film us and begins rubbing himself between my legs. His cock gets lubed up and he finds a perfectly positioned opening in my fishnets. I am completely soaked and he thrusts himself deep inside with one push. I'm about two seconds away from cumming when props his phone up on the ledge, camera facing us. Grabbing the string of pearls I'm wearing, he uses them to pull at my neck so my head tilts back. Fuck me, I'm loving this and my eyes water a little from the choke. Seeing our reflection in the mirror: dress over my hips, tits bouncing, mascara smudged, fuck faces in full swing, him drilling me hard, I can hardly take it. I beg him to use me like the slut I am.
I put my leg up on the toilet seat so he can fuck me deeper. He's still gripping my pearls and he reaches into his pocket and covers my mouth and nose with my panties. Now I'm cumming and it's not quiet. Surely someone can hear us. I've got his cock in a choke hold and as much as I'd love for him to fill my pussy, I want to walk out with his cum on me.
I ask him how much he loved Cat Woman's tits and mouth, and how much he loved watching my head bob on Zorro's cock. I want to know how amazing our two mouths felt on him. He's getting close, I can see it on his face, feel it in his thrusts. "Daddy, please cum on my face and tits" I manage to say between gasps for air and moans. I've had a very hard orgasm and his balls are covered with the cum I've squirted all over him.
He pumps me a few more times, slaps my ass and then pulls out. I turn around to face him and he pushes me to my knees, milliseconds before he starts dumping his load on me. It's huge. I have my mouth open, but it's all over my forehead, dripping down my nose and chin onto my chest. I rub some on my nipples and then lick the cum off of my fingers and smile up at him. He grabs his phone and flips the camera to be sure to capture me in the moment, then takes my hand and pulls me up to my feet.
I rearrange my dress and wipe the cum that's still dripping from my chin. I leave the rest, we put on our coats and leave the washroom. He takes me by the hand and we encounter a few staff, they say "Happy New Year" and we thank them for an incredible evening. While we wait for the cab, we high five and I tell him I have a feeling this is going to be one sexy year...