"Now get on your knees, slut. I'm going to fuck you. You earned it."
I was lying on my back on Daddy's coffee table, panting. Daddy was smiling wolfishly at me from the far end of the table, his chiseled face smeared in my glossy pussy juice. A trail of cum cooled along my cheek. Above me, one man—Brian—had just stepped away to wash my spit off his cock, but at least half a dozen others were still gathered around me, watching as Daddy taught a masterclass in how to use my body (and the bodies of any trans boys like me they might pick up later).
I'd lost track of how many times I'd cum already. I'd taken an edible before the party to relax, heighten my sense of touch and my immersion in the moment. Now I was awash in a flood of adrenaline, dopamine, oxytocin, and the little bit of extra testosterone I'd taken yesterday to hyper-inflate my sex drive.
But I was still dying to come more. Daddy was taunting me, frotting his big Daddy cock against my smaller trans boy cock, circling around me so that at the bottom of each loop he hit juuuuust low enough that I could feel the head of it start to slide inside me. He'd promised to finally fill me up if I'd suck Brian off and come in his mouth for all his friends to watch. I'd fulfilled my end of the bargain, and he always keeps his promises.
My arms and legs were already feeling wobbly from staying spread and tense for so long, but I managed to get myself into position: ass up, head down, arms stretched out in front of me. Like I was in a yoga class, except instead of stretching forward, I was trying to push my ass out as far as possible & present my pussy for Daddy to fuck.
He paused for a second, lining up his thick cock with my eager hole. I started to wimper, but rather than satiating me, Daddy exploited my willingness to debase myself for dick. My insistent little moans got less and less restrained as he told the waiting crowd how perfectly fuckable my hole is.
"Honestly, fucking pussy is easy. It gets wet as soon as he starts getting turned on, and gushes more lube from the inside out every time you make him cum. Some guys need dick stimulation to come—even if you've never fucked a cis woman you've probably heard they usually need something on their clits to get off. But Andy here comes hands-free all the time."
He slaps my ass then for emphasis. Not terribly hard, but enough to make me jump. I hadn't realized I was already blushing from all the eyes on me while he gave them all a sales pitch on why they should come find me in the back room later, tied up and blindfolded for them to use. But I felt the shock of his slap on my ass travel through nerves like wires, flooding my pussy and traced the heat as my face, my ass cheeks and my cunt all burned.
"He's just nature's perfect bottom. You can fuck him first thing in the morning. You can bend him over in the kitchen on a whim and he'll be dripping wet and ready to go by the time you can get his pants off. Take him out for taco night fuck him all night long. And he can really take a pounding. (He circled my pussy as he spoke, gathering my natural lube on the head of his cock with every excruciating circuit around my hole) Get him a little buzzed and give him some good foreplay & he can take it for hours, just coming and coming while you use him like a fleshlight that begs for more. (At that, I whimpered as poutily as I could muster and tried to push him into my pussy, still to no avail) My buddy takes an SSRI, you know how sometimes they don't dampen your sex drive, but you can't ever seem to cum? I gave him Andy to play with, and he can just fuck him for as long as it takes to FINALLY empty his balls. And the boy loves it! (He patted my ass affectionately now) These pups have a lot of sexual energy, and they need a lot of stimulation. A lot of play. So sometimes it's nice to take 'em to the dog park and really let 'em run around until they get worn out, you know?"
At that, I wagged my butt back and forth, letting out a little inquisitive puppy noise as I once again tried to entice his cock into my waiting hole. He was SO close now, the upward arc of his cock pressing the head in just deep enough to plug my entrance.
"And guys like us, you know, it all rides on you getting hard and staying hard. Breeding his little hole really does it for me, but no one loves the pressure, especially as you get older and you're trying to finally enjoy your Daddy Dom era. But this lucky little bitch, so what if he's not hard? You wanna flip fuck, a strap on'salwayshard, and you can put whatever size dick you feel like that moment on him. Plus he's great with his fingers. And if you're a pure top? Ifhegets hit with a 'I wanna be turned on but my body isn't taking the hint' moment, just grab some lube. He's such a submissive little whore that he wouldn't even wan't you to think about changing course. Just use his hole how you want and 99% of the time submitting to your cock will turn him on so much he comes while you fuck him anyway. He's been looking forward all week to being a cumdump for you. But I want to take a turn with him first."
Finally, FINALLY, he thrust his cock deep into my hole. I could swear I felt some of my pre-cum squish out, forced out as his thick cock filled me tight. Whatever happened, it was smooth, hot and wet. The hollow place inside me was finally filled, the walls of my most sensitive, erotic part finally satisfied by the raw manhood opening me up around him.
I felt an odd little tickle on my ass cheek, like a tiny plane tracing out letters in the sky.
C O C K S Daddy read aloud as he wrote, then underlined the letters across my left ass check. He held himself bottomed out inside me, so deep I could feel my body struggling to accommodate it all, he added the first tic mark. He put it far to the left, leaving plenty of room for more tally marks
L O A D S he enunciated as he set up a second scoreboard on my right cheek. He recapped the marker and leaned forward over me to slide it into my balled fist, pressing himself SO deep inside me in the process that for a moment it hurt. Then he began to fuck me slowly & rhythmically as he resumed his lecture:
"Missionary is easy, same as anal but you might not even need the pillow under his butt. From behind it's a little harder, his pussy is lower and tucked under compared to an asshole. So he'll need to really present for you—"
He pulled out, dripping wet cock still pointed at my hole. On cue I took up the most submissive fuck-me pose I could muster. As soon I did, he grabbed by hips and pulled me even further back, impaling me on his cock rather than thrusting forward to penetrate me. Keeping hold of my hips, he started bouncing me back and forth on his shaft.
"—Yeah, like that bitch. Arch that lower back down, stick that ass up, get that pussy out for me. You might need a little extra length for this one. It's perfect if your cock is too big for your boy—you can pound away without holding back to keep from hurting him."
He was really slamming into me now, bouncing me hard and fast off his hips. I could feel him bottom out with each thrust. Thankfully, they took my cervix when I got fixed, freeing me from the cramping pain I used to get when guys fucked me as hard as they could. I felt like the perfect fuck toy he described me as, and it felt good: I love getting fucked, I love feeling wanted, I love giving men pleasure. I literally get off on it.
I rested my head on my braced forearms and closed my eyes, letting the sensation fill my body. No matter how many times we fucked, his thick cock felt like a violation, in the hottest way possible. Like he was opening me up and touching places I didn't know I had, places which radiated otherworldly pleasure. Every time he pulled back that portal closed a little, and each time he thrust back in he burrowed deep to touch that mysterious pleasure center.
And I could feel his nails digging into my hips, controlling my movements to use me as his fuck toy. I could feel the slick juices smeared out to my thighs, all over my shaved-smooth lips, and lubing up my cock. He was fucking me hard enough now that his balls swung forward with each thrust and slapped into my cock, making me give a little involuntary squeeze around his right as I was the most full of him. I knew Daddy loved that, and it let me feel his full, hard shaft, so I leaned into it, squeezing as hard as I could on each thrust.
I felt another orgasm starting to build inside me, and Daddy, who seems to know my body even better than I do sometimes, clearly felt it too.
"What a good little slut! See boys, he's nature's perfect power bottom. Yeah -uh- you - love - getting - fucked - in - front - of - all - these - men, don't - you?"
I nodded, my head still down on my forearms. Daddy leaned forward , cock pressed painfully deep inside me once again, and grabbed my hair, pulling my head up to look straight forward.
"No hiding. You're gonna look at all the men watching you get fucked and you're gonna come like a bitch in heat. No hands, just show the boys how much you love taking a nice. big. cock."
He was deliberately riding me hard now, fast and wild. I was more than wet enough to take it, he was gliding in and out on a frictionless track, pulling me by my hips and my hair onto his cock, the wet slapping against my hard little dick adding high-voltage shocks of pleasure with each thrust. I tried to match his rhythm and intensity, throwing myself back onto his waiting shaft as much as he was beating forward into me.
All around me I saw hungry, eager faces and rock hard cocks, just waiting to get a crack at my body. Two near the front had positioned themselves right in my face, probably hoping they could be the next to spit roast me, but at the moment I was moving too hard, too frantically to keep a cock in my mouth. Still, they pressed forward, smearing more precum on my lips and cheeks.
"OH GOD DADDY FUCK ME! FUCK ME! MAKE ME COME FOR YOU"
I was shaking, I could feel my pussy pulsing with contractions I didn't control as Daddy struggled a little to keep himself inside me. My vag clamped down and tried to milk the nectar out of his balls. He slapped my ass again—hard, hard enough that it rang out—but I barely felt it as anything more than a tributary stream of pleasure. Daddy was pressed balls-deep inside me, riding out my orgasm like a ship gone to port in a storm.
When I finally started to come down, breath ragged, he was relentless—he began fucking me again, slowly but firmly, long, slow, deep strokes that broke through my body's feeble attempts to tell me it had had enough. Daddy wasn't done with me yet—not by a long shot—so I might as well enjoy it. He was letting me catch my breath, but he wasn't letting me tap out. I didn't want to anyway. I wanted more cock. It felt so good to just relax and take it, let him use me for his pleasure, knowing my body would need to orgasm again before long.
"Lay on the floor, on your back" he told me, and I obeyed. I hadn't realized it, but I was a little relieved to be on a surface I couldn't break or fall off of if I lost control. I instinctively spread my legs as he mounted me again, wrapping them around the small of his back and using my heels to push him deep inside me, where his cock belonged. He kissed me, for what I realized was the first time since before anyone else was around to see, and I opened my mouth to him, letting him probe my cum-smeared lips. His kisses were oddly intimate in this moment. When he moved to nuzzle and nip at my ears, I whispered "I love you." He propped himself up enough to look me in the eyes, and shifted his weight to one side so he could run the index finger of his other hand from the bridge of my nose to the tip. "I love you too babe." It was so quiet, I don't think anyone else could hear, but who cares either way? Then, still in our intimate bubble: "I want to come inside you, before anyone else does."
That wasn't the plan—he'd wanted to save his orgasm for later, so he could play with all the other guys in the main room while I was getting railed in the back bedroom, which we'd set up so the guys could experiment with (on?) me in private. But as soon as he said it, I wanted it so bad. I swelled with pride at the thought of all the guys watching one of the heroically long, intense orgasms my pussy could pull from his body. The feeling of his cum pouring out of me as he withdrew, but now with two dozen eyes watching my battered puss ooze cum while planning to fill me up themselves.
"Please Daddy" I whispered. "Please let me make you come"
"You gotta earn it. Put on a show"
He grinned, and grabbing my arms, rolled us over together unexpectedly. I managed to keep him in as he pulled me on top of him, landing face to face, sprawled open on top of him. I gave him a quick, hard kiss and, bracing my hands on his chest, sat up to ride him cowgirl. I began rocking my hips back and forth, grinding my cock against his body while stroking his within me. He reached up and grabbed me by my hips again, this time pressing me down onto his cock until it felt like he was touching a new, wonderful place inside me.
"This may give you the deepest penetration of any of the common positions, his body weight presses him down onto your shaft, and then you can stretch him a little more than he can get on his any other way. Plus you get a great view—he raised a hand to my chest, and pushed me back. I obeyed—I kind of had to obey, he pushed me hard in his enthusiasm—and whipped my arms behind me. I caught myself with my palms on the floor, even with his knees. I was bent backwards over his cock, giving the class a clear view of his shaft pumping in and out of me, and my own cock standing out in salute over it.
Thanks to the meta surgery my home-grown phallus is now shaped like a cock rather than a clit, but it's a little different from most guys who're this small: they usually have about-average girth with very little length, while I have a typical girth/length ratio, but scaled down to just a couple inches long. Which means that beside it, Daddy's cock looks absolutelymassivethrusting in and out of me. I mean, he's pretty big, thick and meaty. But he's not, like, novelty porn big. Seen this way, he looked like something out of giant cock fetish hentai. Compared to my perfectly miniaturized dick, I'd've sworn he was literally the size of a horse.
I kinda suspect that's part of why he likes watching himself fuck me so much. A few weeks ago I let him take a video, just cropped close footage of his cock stretching my walls while I rode him like this, and put it on an amature gay-only porn platform. It went live overnight and after work the next day he called me over to his desk and had me sit on his lap in just my briefs while he reloaded the page. He fingered me while my jaw dropped open: Ten thousand views, 4.78 stars, dozens of comments. He read all the glowing comments to me out loud while fingering my pussy and interspersing his own praise for my public-minded exhibitionism: I'd shown thousands of guys who are into masc bottoms: cubs & otters, hairy chests and thick beards—that they'd love fucking trans bear pussy. I had the vague sense I shouldn't enjoy this—it was too slutty to let guys all over the world jerk off to watching me take a raw cock in the puss. Or that it set some bad example for trans fags who're strict tops or anal-only bottoms, and they would bitch behind my back that I was scabbing on them for encouraging the cis guys drool over boy pussy even more than they already do. But honestly? I came incredibly hard reading all those comments about how sexy I was when I came, how lucky Daddy was, and most embarrassingly of all, when one guy said he hopes Daddy got me pregnant. We both realized then that Daddy gets off on fucking me in front of other men. He likes being the object of envy, and he likes having control of my body. And I get off on giving myself to him so completely that he can give me away to other men to ogle, fuck, and use.
So here I was, leaning back so all those eager eyes could watch Daddy's big horse-cock stretch my sopping wet pussy so tight around him that the ring of muscle in the opening felt like a thumb and forefinger wrapped tight around his shaft, gliding up and back to accentuate a sloppy blowjob. And I had an idea—I turned the other way to ride him reverse cowgirl, facing his feet and pushing up with my hands and my knees to show them my ass as I bounced on his cock. Daddy slapped my ass as I bounced it in front of his face.
"Now there's a good slut! Take my fucking dick!"
"Yes Sir!"
"Yeah? You're a good little slut, aren't you? You wanna take it all? You want Daddy to fill that hot little pussy with a big load?"
My pussy gushed right on cue, as my face turned burning red on top of him. It was corny, but he knew all the right words to play me like an instrument. I LOVE when guys tell me they want to come in me raw, especially now that I didn't have to worry about it actually happening. Secretly, I think a lot of us do. The number of trans guys I've known with breeding kinks...
Daddy sat up and flipped me on my back, re-entering me as he levered my legs over his shoulders—another position that let him fuck me almosttoodeep. He grinned down at me and then looked up and out, addressing the men circled around us as he pounded me.
"Have you ever been about to come deep inside some twink and though 'I wanna get him pregnant?' Here's your chance to really crank that up to 11"
He was about to come in me, raw, in front of all these guys who were planning to fuck me themselves soon. They'd take me raw too if they wanted, add their tally marks on my ass and leave me oozing load after load from my bare, abused puss. And now Daddy was telling them they couldbreedme, funnel the drive to plant their seed straight into my eager hole.
My whole face felt hot now, despite my sweat. My breath was getting ragged—from repeat orgasms, from his weight on top of me, and now from a potent mixture of arousal and humiliation. My head swam. The only sensation I could focus on was his cock effortlessly pistoning in and out of my soaking wet cunt, his balls slapping against my asshole, my cock gliding against his body with each stroke in and out of me.
"Trans boys eitherreallylove orreallyhate breeding kink stuff, so DEFINITELY check first before going there with a new guy. I'm telling you though, this one loves it. Don't you, boy?"
I nodded furiously, eyes squeezed shut, trying to keep myself together
"You want me to breed you?"
I nodded again, burning even hotter than before.
"Say it"
"Please...please come inside me. Please Daddy"
"Good. Boy. Keep. Going" he grunted, slamming into me so hard with each thrust he pushed my whole body forward, until my shoulders bounced off the forearms braced on the ground to either side of me. He had me folded completely in half, my ass raised off the ground as he reared back, my knees still over his shoulders.
"Breed me Daddy. I want it. Come deep inside me—"
I felt the flush creep down my neck and across my chest. I was fully panting now, struggling to get the words out as he pushed my body to its limits for his pleasure. A drop of sweat fell from his face onto mine.
"—Fill me up. I want to feel you shoot your load deep, deep—"
My pussy was starting to spasm on it's own now. I don't know when I started coming, but I was suddenly in the middle of a protracted orgasm. His cock felt impossibly big inside me, stretching me, skewering me like a butterfly in a bug collection. His hands grabbed my wrists, pinning them over my head. The burning shame of humiliation felt good, like a secret finally revealed, and now I couldn't stop.
"—Breed me, please. Take— fuck— Daddy, please, please, use me, take me, knock me up"
My whole body was shaking now, my pussy clenching, my legs trembling, everything quivering except where he held me down.
"UNNNGH. GOOD SLUT. GOOD BOY. YOU'RE. GOING. TO. HAVE. MY. BABY"
He slammed into me and held his cock deep, convulsing inside me. Thrusting slowly now, trembling himself, bracing himself against my body as he shot each spurt into the deepest part of me. Over and over. I could feel it spilling down over my asshole, but he kept pumping in more as my body instinctively milked every drop it could get into my unprotected pussy.
The moment of shared ecstasy lasted longer than I really thought possible. Daddy's orgasms were impressive to behold, long and primal. Especially when he got to talk about breeding me. When he finally finished thrusting, I was still pulsing and thrumming. He held himself deep in me, and I could still feel his cock twitching.
"Fuck" he whispered. "I'm still...I think I'm still coming a little" and I dutifully squeezed and released his shaft, making sure his balls had nothing left to give. It's important to me that I satisfy him completely. Especially tonight, when I had so much to prove.
Finally, FINALLY, he pulled out ever so slowly. A river of semen followed his still partially hard cock, flowing out of me as he lowered my ass to the ground. He kissed me and I opened my eyes, looked up at his glowing face, and at the hungry faces and stiff cocks looming behind him. I reached a shaking hand down to feel the sweet-hot proof of our deed between my legs, palm brushing my fully erect cock as my fingers slid in to my still-quivering pussy. I'd just meant to feel it, to experience my breeding in a new way. But it felt so good, I pressed deeper inside myself, pushing as much of his come as I could back inside me.
He grinned, and gently brushed my hand away, replacing my fingers—smaller, tentative, at an odd angle—with his own—thick, strong, approaching my hole directly. Palm up, making the come-hither motion against my g-spot again.
"What a come-hungry slut" he cooed approvingly, pulling his fingers out and showing them around before plunging back in. "You just LOVE when men come in you raw, don't you?"
I nodded again, now too embarrassed to speak for real. But I didn't need to, Daddy would do it for me now. I'd waffled for days about whether he could share my little kink with the men we planned to share my body with. I was embarrassed, yes, and a little worried they'd see me as less of a gay man like them, but that wasn't the main hitch—if they were going to think that way, they probably already did, and certainly would by the time they'd watched me get fucked by Daddy. My biggest fear was it would weird *them* out, make them feel like, despite my prodigious chest hair & the 5 o'clock shadow that makes my cheeks scratchy no matter how recently I've shaved, they'd feel less gay fucking me. Daddy obviously didn't have that problem, but it's happened. With new guys I always worried a little about overstepping & getting too weird for them. Daddy had reassured me that that's not my problem, his friends were adults who can handle their own feelings. Besides, while straight guys have the whole world designed around telling them what they're supposed to be into and then making sure they almost never have to say 'No, sorry, that's not what I like,' gay men are used to exploring their desires for themselves, and having to be open about what they want in order to find other guys who're into the same things. That means me too, he'd reminded me. If I was going to live out this fantasy, I couldn't keep my desires secret. Maybe I'd get a few fewer visitors later this way, but there were plenty to go around. In the end I'd asked him to read the room and left it in his hands, knowing I'd likely never get the words out alone.
So now here I was, on my back with my legs splayed open as Daddy scooped up a dollop of his own cum to jack my dick with while he slowly, relentlessly worked my cum-sprayed pussy with his other hand. "That's it baby, you were so good, you can come one more time before we tie you up and run a train on you. You're gonna leave here pregnant, aren't you boy?"
It felt incredible. His cum is so much thicker than mine, it's like the difference between water based lube and the heavy duty stuff. And he kept reminding me, it washisseed he was pounding deeper into me, fucking it in before it could all run out.
"This is just the first load. I want you to be a good little cumdump and milk load after load into this tight little hole. The next time I see you I want it running down your thighs. Greedy little slut, you want us to breed you over and over again don't you? You wanna have no idea who even fucked you. You'll be running into guys for months wondering if they came inside you or not. If they're the one that got you pregnant—"
I screamed. I couldn't help it, all the desire I'd ever felt, ever repressed, burst through a dam somewhere inside me. My pussy clenched so tight around his fingers I felt another tablespoon of our mixed juices pour down, tickling my asshole. I thrashed, then curled up off the ground as my abdominal muscles all tightened, slowly contracting as though I were doing crunches. My vision went black.
Slowly, I unclenched. I laid back down, letting the aftershocks shoot down my limbs. Daddy slowed his pounding to a steady thrum, and knowing he wouldn't stop if there were any chance I could take more, I raised my right hand off the ground a few inches and slapped my palm against the hardwood floor, three times in quick succession, tapping out like a wrestler.
Daddy gently withdrew his fingers from my drenched hole. I was focused on steadying my breath, eyes still closed, when I heard a tentative clap begin somewhere at my feet. More hands began to applaud. Daddy, more able to improvise than I could, said "Thank you. Thank you. A round of applause for our brave volunteer and teaching tool" and joined in, his cum-slick hands making a slightly obscene slapping sound as he clapped for me too. Someone wolf-whistled.
I opened my eyes. Everyone was grinning at me. Some looked stricken, some looked hungrier than ever, some just looked like they'd watched an athlete pull off an impossible play.
Daddy offered me a hand, and tugged me to my feet. I felt shaky, but I managed to stumble back to my margarita, suddenly parched. The applause tapered off as I slaked my thirst. Somehow Daddy was suddenly right behind me, wiping my ass dry with a hand towel.
"I almost forgot" he said, drawing an inch long vertical line down my right ass cheek, in near the crack. Plenty of room to tally more loads before the night was out.
He passed me a can of coconut water. "Get hydrated, you'll need it. Time to go to the bedroom"
And with that, he slid a blindfold over my eyes and lead me off down the hall, to our room fitted with impermeable sheets and perfectly arrayed restraints.