I am new at posting on Lit so please don't be too harsh with your comments and feedback. I love to write my stories from my perspective and they have a heavy focus on big boobs, that's just my kink.
I've enjoyed so many amazing stories on here that drove my imagination wild... and still do. So, if i can give back even 10% of that enjoyment, I'm super happy! :D
So, if you're a lover of girls with big titties, I hope you enjoy! ;)
And of course, this story includes sexually explicit material and naughty fantasies of mine that are intended for adults, so if you are under the age of 18 or are offended by sexual material... what are you doing here?!?! Thank you and don't forget to hit that big 5-star button to vote :D
---
The Audition
It was a beautiful day as I lay in my tight little black 2-piece bikini at the beach. Another man, the 4th of the afternoon so far, approached me and i gave him a quick glance up and down from behind my sunglasses. He was tall, tan, and had that David Gandy look about him, including the extremely small and tight white swimming shorts. I smirked a little, stopping myself from laughing.
"Ciao Bella! Al cielo manca un angelo ma l'ho trovata." he said, posing as he stood over me, blocking my sun and clearly staring down at my breasts.
"Excuse me? As much as I love Italian, I'm sad to say I don't speak it very well." I replied with a smile, trying to be as polite as possible.
"Oh, my apologies beautiful, I said that heaven is... err, how do you say, missing an angel, but I have now found her." He answered in a sexy Italian accent.
I gave him a smile. I do love cheesy pick-up lines, but this was my holiday and there would be plenty of time later for fun.
"Oooooo Bella, God eh, he was showing off when he created you." He grinned, looking up and down my body as his hands did that typical gesture all Italians make.
"Oh, that's very sweet of you Luigi, but I am not interested," I said with a big fake grin, lowering my sunglasses down my nose to make eye-contact and hopefully, have him take his eyes off my breasts.
"Why don't you move along and charm one of the many other girls on this beach," I said with a final wink, sliding my sunglasses back up and laying back on my sun lounger.
Walking off looking disappointed, I heard him mutter "hmph, lesbica" as he went off in search of new prey.
Laying there in my bikini, I looked down at my body. My large 34DD breasts looked huge and, with lots of cleavage on show in this bikini, I gave myself a little smile. My smooth, tanned little tummy to my thighs and sexy little bikini bottoms covering my smooth little mound. Lifting my legs slightly, I wiggled my toes and my pedicured toenails with glossy black polish and a small anklet around my right ankle... I raised my hands, admiring the matching black polish on my long-manicured nails... poor guy, I thought, I am looking pretty hot!
"Damn girl" I giggled to myself. My long dark hair and fringe cut straight across my eyes complimented my sultry Mediterranean looks.
Picking up my phone, I started to read the tabloids from back home. Latest soap news, crazy politics, even crazier stories, then something caught my eye... an ad for auditions.
* BTS Studios - Adult Casting is searching for new talent. Will you be next? We look for all types. Applicants must be in good physical condition. But beyond that, we look for all types, especially women with large breasts, C-Cup+! Opportunities are global and we encourage you to apply as new porn castings come available frequently. Salary: €500+ per shoot*
I don't know why, but my eyes lingered on the ad. Perhaps it was the promise of over €500 per shoot? The request for women with big breasts? Or maybe I was just feeling... naughty!
I had been working behind a bar in a pub as I studied for my degree and it took all my savings from flirting with fat, drunk men for tips and a sizable amount of my holiday leave just to get this much-needed 2-week break.
"Okay Sammy" I thought. "You don't mind being nude, in fact, you love the attention. Would you fuck a stranger on camera?" I mused for a moment, "For €500 I would!" I giggled to myself.
Taping the link opened a form to fill out my statistics...
Name: Samantha (Sammy). Sex: Female. Height: 5'6 "/167cm. Race: Caucasian. Age: 24. Weight: 55kg. Bust: 34DD. Natural or enhanced: Natural. Along with questions about current occupation, contact details, and if I had contracted any STDs in the past... that was a no.
There was a section to add a pic, so I lifted my camera above my head, took a selfie in my bikini and uploaded it to the document.
Confirm: Y/N
I tapped Y, and smiled to myself.
As my holiday progressed, I forgot all about the application until on my 2nd last day on holiday, my phone rang... an unknown number.
My first thought was to automatically hang up. I don't take calls from unknown numbers, but for some reason, I picked up.
"Hello, Sammy speaking," I answered in my usual slightly posh phone voice.
The voice on the other end sounded like an older man. His thick American accent and deep husky voice said, "Samantha, or can I call you Sammy? My name's John. I'm calling from BTS studios... did you drop us an audition application?"
"Oh! Erm, yes, I did. I erm, completely forgot. I am so sorry." I giggled slightly nervously.
"That's perfectly okay, Sammy. Let me get straight to the point. I love your application and photo. You look like exactly the type of beautiful and busty girl I want to work for my company, BTS studios" John said, sounding so professional but flattering over the phone.
My face blushed as I replied, "well, what can I say but thank you" with a big smile on my face.
"I simply must get you on the casting couch for an audition. Sammy, when are you available?"
"Well, I am on holiday at the moment... I'll be back in a few days..." But before I could finish, John interrupted
"That is fantastic! I want you to come as soon as possible. Now are you okay with nudity and scenes of a sexual nature?" John said it straight out without hesitation.
"Erm... yeah, I mean, yes I am," I tried to sound confident.
"Sammy! I think you are going to be my golden girl and there's lots of money to be made."
The conversation was pretty one-sided, as John made arrangements to pick me up the day after landing back home and for a face-to-face meeting at his office.
Hanging up the phone, my mind was spinning... "holy shit, was that for real?!" All kinds of thoughts run through my mind. What would the audition involve... nudity? Sex? "Duh, Sammy, this is a porn audition" as I said it, my mind snapped to various adult erotica I had read about on Lit about casting couch stories. My face went red as a cheeky smile crossed my face... I started to imagine the hot male partner I could get paired up with and his huge...
---
For the remainder of my holiday, the flight back and even now, just an hour before pick up... the audition had been on my mind.
Standing in the mirror, I had slipped on my sexiest bra and panty set I had purchased from Yandy, originally a present for an ex who never actually got to see me in them before we broke up. A sexy pink sheer lace bralette and sexy lace boy shorts to match. I smiled at myself in the mirror. The bralette held my big breasts together and created a deep central cleavage to catch the eye, and the thin spaghetti straps over the shoulder almost disappeared against my skin. The sexy lace flower patterned panties accentuate my hips as they hug my body and rise up over my bottom, showing a lot of the lower part of my cheeks - I bounce slightly on my toes, making my bottom shake as I giggle.
To keep it casual but sexy, I wore a white high-waisted crop top t-shirt that showed off my flat tan tummy but hung sexily over my full breasts. matched with a tight super skinny pair of my favourite butt-lifting torn jeans and a strappy pink open toe pump, good if I felt I needed to leave on foot. "Sexy but super casual" I giggled.
My dark hair was brushed straight down with my dark fringe and dark eyeliner, giving me a very sexy look. Medium sized hooped earrings, a little blush and bright red lipstick finished off my sultry look.
A few minutes later, there was a knock at the door. Opening it, I found a chauffeur and a town car waiting.
The chauffeur gave me a look over and smiled, "Sammy, I take it. Please step this way and I'll drive you to Mr. Brudoch."
As the car began to move off, I noticed a few shuffling curtains from the nosey older neighbours in the street, wondering and probably already gossiping amongst each other as to what might be happening.
"Don't worry sweetheart, he is going to love you!" the chauffeur said after 10 minutes of driving.
"He loves girls with amazing bodies and big racks," he grinned, looking back in his mirror.
"Who knows, one day you may end up back in this car shooting a scene. You wouldn't believe what's been filmed in here," he said with a laugh.
---
Arriving at a tall high-rise office tower, I stepped into the lobby. The tower layout showed that BTS studios covered 4 floors, with offices marked on floor 32.
Stepping into the lift, pressing the button for floor 32, I headed up. The door opened to a modern looking reception area with an older woman with thick dark glasses sitting behind a long desk. Large glass doors separate the reception from the lift and a large neon lit 'BTS' logo is hung on the wall behind the receptionist's desk.
Pushing open the glass doors, I stepped through, casually moving up to the receptionist. She was clearly focused on whatever was on her screen. Her fingers were tapping furiously at the keyboard.
After a good solid 30 seconds, she finally stopped typing and looked up at me over the top of her glasses. "Yes?" she asked sternly, taking me aback, her eyes quickly scanning me.
"I'm erm... here to see John."
Pausing for a few seconds before answering. Her lips puckered up, making her purple lipstick look like filler on her wrinkled lips. "Mr. Brudoch... is expecting you. His office is the last door at the end of this hall," she said, pointing to her left.
Looking down the long hallway, I turned back to the receptionist, thanking her as I stepped down the hallway.
Passing various doors, I noticed the small red lights above each one. Some were illuminated and some were not. I wondered if filming was happening behind those with lights on. Unfortunately, not a single sound was coming from behind those doors... the only thing I could hear was the resumed tapping of the receptionist.
Stopping in front of the dark wooden door at the very end of the long hallway, I noticed the name of Mr. Brudoch etched in gold in some fancy font and a single large... overly large golden doorknob. I quickly looked myself up and down and gave myself a final check before knocking on the huge door.
"Come in," I heard a loud, deep voice call from the other side of the door.
Pushing open the large door, I was actually surprised at how easy it was to open. Leaning in and smiling, "Mr. Brudoch? My name is..."
"SAMMY!!!" Mr. Brudoch hastily stood up from behind his desk, moving quickly towards the door as I stepped inside his office. "Please, it's John, only the regular staff call me Mr. Brudoch," he laughed.
Moving next to me, he took the door, closing it behind me, his thumb flicking the lock to make sure there would be no disturbances.
"I hope you enjoyed the drive in?" John asked with a smile.
"It was... fantastic. My first time in a town car"
"Haaaa ha, well I do like to spoil my special guests."
"Wow, wow, wow, Sammy, your photo did not do you justice... and I really loved that photo," John said with a big grin on his face. "Please, grab a seat. Water? Tea? Coffee?"
"Well thank you for your comments," I said with a blushing smile, "and I am good for now."
"Sammy... Sammy, I love that accent. You sound so European but so cute and alluring."
Running my fingers through my hair, I blushed, giving John a sweet smile.
John looked to be in his late 50s, maybe 60s, with long grey silver hair down to his shoulders swept back in a ponytail, a thick moustache and thick framed glasses on his face. About 5'9" in height, it seemed like perhaps he had put on a little weight in his later years, with a big barrel chest and a clear belly pouch visible through his shirt. He had what I always imagined was the typical porn director look and a man still trying to live his youth. His voice matched his looks, deep and soothing, already making me feel comfortable from the outset.
The sofa was a deep red Chaise Lounge sitting in the centre of the office. John's desk sat back near the huge window that looked out over the city. The room was filled with lights and camera equipment, and a number of awards were mounted on glass shelves on one feature wall.
The rest of the room was pretty plain, apart from large photos of very well-endowed women posing in large glass frames across the walls.
"Quite a view, right? Don't worry, no one can see in" John said, giving me a sly wink.
Sitting down behind his large desk over 3 meters away, he asked, "So Sammy, have you done any adult modelling before? You've definitely got the figure for it from what I can see."
"I haven't, to be honest, I answered your ad on a bit of a whim while I was on holiday"
"Oh, I can see that in your photo. You must have had a lot of attention from men and women, staring at your generous assets. Do you like the looks and attention you create, Sammy?" John said, smiling.
"Well, a few stares and... I do, I like their eyes on me" I answered, biting my lip a little cheekily.
"I am so very glad to hear that, Sammy. You'll be getting shitloads of attention from men, women, and anyone in between working with me."
"Please stand for me Sammy, so I can get a better look at you" John asked as he reclined in his large chair.
Standing, I couldn't help but pose, pushing my chest out slightly as I felt John's eyes look me up and down.
"Sammy, I'll tell you right now, if a woman doesn't start to make little John down there" he indicated with his head down between his legs, "a little excited within the first 5 minutes of meeting her, it is usually a pass for me... but you, you got everything we look and want in a woman at BTS Studios."
"I'd like you to strip down to your undies for me, Sammy, so I can take a few photos of that great body of yours for your file. Is that okay?" John asked very casually, but clearly testing my modesty. If I couldn't even strip to my undies, I'd be a failure nude in a scene.
"Sure thing, John" I smiled a big sexy smile, making sure to sound sultry.
"Oh, thank you, Sammy" he grinned, picking up his DSLR camera and standing once again.
Standing up and giving John a little twirl, I slowly popped the top button of my jeans, pushing the zip down as I smiled at John, his camera clicking away as he moved closer.
Stepping out from my heels, I slipped my thumbs into the waistband of my jeans on either side of my hips, slowly wiggling them down over my hips, making sure to thrust out my bottom as John moved around the sofa, clicking away.
"Oh yessss, Sammy" John said in a low husky voice.
My jeans pop over my bottom, revealing my lace panties and round cheeks as I slowly push my jeans down my thighs.
"I love your ass already, Sammy. I just want to bite it" John growled as he clicked.
A smile on my face from John's words, I let my jeans slide down to my feet, stepping out of them, kicking them aside.
Turning back to face John and his camera, I cross my arms, taking my crop top in my hands, pulling it slowly up until my bra-clad breasts are revealed.
"Holy fucking shit!" I hear John hiss as the camera clicks faster.
A big smile crosses my face as I pull the rest of the shirt up and over my head. Posing for John in my sexy lace undies, twisting my waist left and right, smiling at the camera as he clicks away.
"Sammy, I fucking love your big tits already" John blurted out, lowering his camera. "And I fucking love this sexy lingerie you've chosen. It makes those big tits look so damn.... fuckable!" John said, his voice getting a little more growly, his eyes fixed on my cleavage.
Hearing his raw dirty words was actually getting me excited-I have always loved dirty talk.
"Fuck, are you sure you're DD? You could be an E you know?" John asked still talking to my breasts.
"Well, sometimes they fluctuate" I smile, trying not to giggle as I watch John's eyes drink in my bra-clad breasts.
"Sammy, I think I can see your nipples hardening. Are you feeling cold, or maybe just a little excited?" John then looked up into my eyes with that grin of his.
"Excited" I say, smiling back, "My nipples are actually super sensitive."
"Oh yeah, Sammy? I love to hear that" John grinned back, looking down to see the points clearly through my bra. "Do you like them sucked? Licked? Bitten?"
"All of the above" I reply, biting my lower lip, feeling my nipples tighten slightly under his gaze and words.
Stepping back, John took some final pics, then lowering his camera again and sitting on the edge of his desk, he said, "okay Sammy, this is usually make or break for most girls who come here... I want you to strip naked for me."
Turning my back to John, I looked over my shoulder at him, then hooked my thumbs into my panties, I slid them down over my bottom, giving John a smile as he quickly picked up his camera again, switching it to video mode.
"Oh Sammy! Fuck yes!!" John cried out in delight as I bent over, pushing my panties down to my ankles and giving John the perfect view of my rear and a little glimpse of my pink pussy.
John dropped to one knee as he brought the camera in close, "Sammy, you are so damn fuckable and... oh god yes, that little pussy is... FUCK!"
Standing again, I couldn't help but have a big grin on my face. I just couldn't hold back as I turned to face John, still kneeling in front of me.
"I love a smooth little pussy, Sammy." John smiles, his camera taking in the view of my hairless pussy.
John then angles the camera up, "woah, I have to zoom out, those tits are so damn big"
Reaching behind my back, I unclasp my bra as I gave a sensual pose, looking at the camera and giving my 'fuck me I'm naughty' face.
My bra comes loose and I use one arm to hold my bra cups in place. I use the other arm to lower the straps off my shoulders.
John stayed low, his camera pointing up, wanting to capture the full curvature of my big breasts.
"Fuck I want to see your big naked tits, Sammy!" John groans
Unable to hold back my smile, I let the cups drop from my breasts as I moved my arms to my hips. My big naked breasts, capped by my hard pink nipples, were on full display to John.
"Oh, My Fucking GOD!" John gasps, "So big and fucking suckable, Sammy" as John raises himself up slowly, his camera moving close to my breasts as he moves up over their curves, focusing in on my pink hard nipples.
"I fucking love them, Sammy... everyone is going to love them" looking up from his camera into my face, "you're going to make lots of money, my big titty beauty" he grinned.
Stepping back again, his eyes were watching me... a big smile on his face. "Let's do this" he says excitedly.
"Sammy, I want to film a scene right here, right now with you!" John smiled, raising his eyebrow above his right eye. "I have one of our male leads on standby. His English is... well, it is honestly shit, but I don't pay him for poetry, and he may not look much, but what matters is his huge cock. Wanna do it Sammy? Want to be a pornstar? Oh, I am also willing to pay you €2,000 right here, right now to do it, of course" John grins.
"€2... thousand" I stammer, losing my composure slightly. "Erm, sure, I think that sounds... fun" I managed to reply with a smile.
With a wide grin, John reaches back, pressing a button on his intercom. "Angie, send Ramon to my office won't you darling?"
"Yes Mr. Brudoch" came Angie's voice. I recognised the voice as the woman at reception.
Standing there, still naked, John's eyes were looking at me up and down. "So fucking hot" John mutters. The silence is broken by a knock at a small adjacent side door to the office and, with it, a click as the door opens.
I made sure to stand with my left hand on my hip, slightly pushing out my breasts as the door opened, trying to remain unfazed by another stranger entering the room. As he enters, the door automatically swings closed behind him.
Standing just slightly shorter than myself, this man, this Ramon, was... ugly! Wearing an oversized L.A. Lakers basketball shirt and baggie jeans riding low and showing off his purple Calvin Klein underwear, and white socks pulled high over his unlaced Nike Air Force One's, this was not a man I would normally go near. His head was shaved super short, and he looked slightly what I could only describe as... neanderthal. His lower jaw poked out, seemingly unable to hold his visible tongue. His thick eyebrows overshadow his eyes as they glare at my naked body. His tongue moved to lick his lips as he strutted over to me like a street thug.
Unsure what I should do, Ramon casually moves in close to my right side, his head leaning forward as he looks at my body up and down, his eyes lingering on my big breasts.
"Ola Ramon!!" John laughs out loud, "You like our new girl, Sammy, eh?"
"Porra de peitos grandes" Ramon said in a slow, slurred voice.
"He loves your big tits, Sammy" John laughs.
Before I could react, Ramon's hand reaches up to grab my chin, turning my face towards him as his mouth locks onto mine, his fat tongue forcing its way into my mouth as he kisses me. "Mmmm" I groan, trying to make sure I was showing I liked it. Then I felt Ramon's left hand grab my naked bottom, his short but fat fingers squeezing one buttock, then switching to the other, giving it a slap.
"Mmmmph" I groan into his mouth, his right hand leaving my chin as we continue kissing, his hand instead moving to my right breast, groping it roughly, digging his fingers into my full titty flesh as his fat thumb roughly strums my hard nipple.
"Mmmmmph" I moan louder, as this latino-looking gangster stranger touches me.
"That's it Ramon, Sammy is fucking sexy right now. Fucking play with those big tits as you use her" John's voice changes to a darker, huskier tone as he grabs his camera to continue filming.
Ramon breaks our kiss, leaving a small string of saliva between us, a leering crooked smile appearing on his face.
With a sudden slap, his right hand slaps my right titty, making it bounce and making me squeal out loud. My mouth was hanging open, in partial shock and arousal.
Leaning his head down, Ramon starts to lick all over my cleavage, grabbing my breasts in both hands as he leaves wet marks over the tops of my swelling breasts. Reaching round, I wrap my arms around his shoulders, hands on his head as he licks and bites at my breast flesh.
"Oh, yesss Ramon, she's going to make Big Titty Slut Studios a lot of money." John smiles as he films, getting his camera close.
John's hand reaches out to pull my left arm back to get a better view of Ramon as he moves his titty assault on my sensitive nipples.
"Don't block the camera slut, we want everyone to see these big tits get used"
Ramon's mouth latches onto my left nipple, sucking it hard until it pops from between his lips, extending his tongue to lash the nipple, flicking it back and forth with his tongue up and down, and around the hard pink nipple.
Releasing the nipple only to utter "tão fodidamente chupável" his lips sucking on the nipple again, sucking it so hard it was like he was trying to swallow my entire titty.
"Oh god, oh shit" I gasp watching Ramon's mouth, this stranger's mouth, and its assault on my nipple.
"Fuck yes, Ramon loves your big fucking suckable tits, slutty Sammy. Look how he's milking those big fucking udders!"
Ramon's hand cups and squeezes my big left tit, making the nipple stand out, pointing directly at his lips as he smiles at the camera, his fingers digging into my titty.
"Essas tetas de vagabunda são fantásticas pra caralho" Ramon grins at the camera, as his mouth goes back to sucking on my nipple.
"Yes Ramon, those big tits are fucking fantastic" John grins, moving close as he films the scene.
"Essas putas de seios grandes do caralho sempre querem um grande pau latina," Ramon laughs, with my titty pushed into his face, sticking out his tongue, pressing it against my hard nipple as he winks at the camera.
"Fucking A, Ramon, big titty bitches always want a big Latin dick." John smiles, watching Ramon continue his oral assault on the big tits in front of him.
"Look at how fucking turned on this big titty slut is" John says as his camera moves up to my face as Ramon continues sucking harder at my nipple, making my face go red, my mouth hanging open in lust as I gasp for air.
Apart from John's voice, Ramon's mouth is the only other noise in the room. His mouth making loud wet sucking noises as he sucks and slurps on my titty.
"Please" I gasp like a wanton slut, "please don't stop sucking my big titties"
Ramon's mouth releases the left nipple as he switches to the right, sucking the untouched nipple into his mouth, his lips almost chewing as he suckles at my nipple. His right-hand slips in between my legs as his fingers find my pussy. Without a moment of hesitation, Ramon forces his middle finger up inside my pussy, his hand holding me like a bowling ball. His finger pushing hard inside my soaked pussy, his thumb pressing hard against my clit.
"Oh ffffffffuck" I gasp out loud, moving my right hand to Ramon's head as I hold it tightly to my tit.
John zooms in on the wet, red left nipple, then focuses on Ramon's mouth as he sucks and bites the nipple between his teeth on the other big tit making it visible to the camera.
"Sammy, you are the perfect fucking big titty slut" John laughs. John's head moves away from the camera for just a second as he leans in, his mouth opening as his lips lock onto the left free nipple Ramon just vacated, sucking it hard and fast.
"So, fucking good!!!" John boasts as the nipple pops from his mouth. "I'm going to want more of these fucking big tits."
Ramon's hand slips out from between my legs, reaching both his hands around me, gripping and lifting me by my ass, making me wrap my legs around his waist as his mouth continues sucking on my right tit. Moving to the chaise lounge, Ramon lowers me down onto my back. My tit popping from his mouth as he leans back, looking down at my body.
Grabbing my legs, he holds them wide, my very wet pussy open and exposed as he drops to his knees. John follows closely behind with the camera as Ramon's tongue plunges into my wet pussy, his lips and tongue slurping on my exposed smooth little pink pussy.
"OOOOOOh fuck yes!" I cry out as I look down between my legs as this man is lapping at my slit, his lips pulling at my soft wet folds.
Ramon leans back slightly, letting John zoom into my pussy. Ramon's fingers open my pussy wider as John films my insides.
I feel my face flushed, embarrassed these 2 men... these 2 strangers are using me, exposing my most private areas.
"What a fucking pretty pussy Sammy, so fucking pink and wanting to be fucked." Ramon slips 2 fingers inside as he leans back in to lash my clitty with his tongue.
"OOooh, AAaah, yessss" I mew like a little slut as Ramon's fingers roughly finger my insides.
Biting my lips harder, I squeeze my eyes shut, throwing my head back trying to hold back but.... "OOOOOOOOOH FUCKKKKK!" My thighs try to squeeze but Ramon and John hold my legs wide as my juices gush over Ramon's fingers.
"Fucking waterworks!!" John bellows out, "That's it my busty slut, cum all over his fucking fingers"
Ramon leans back again as his wet, sticky fingers slide out slowly from my pussy, his ugly grin on camera.
Reaching forward, he grabs my neck roughly, pulling me up as he forces his fingers over my lips and into my mouth. Unable to control myself, I suck and lick my own juices from his fingers, tasting my own sweet, musky flavour.
"Mmmmm, this slut needs some Latina cock to suck on Ramon, alimente-a com seu pau gordo" John grins
Ramon easily pulls me around by my throat, laying me back on the lounger, my head hanging over the edge.
Ramon stands, licking his lips in his simple, neanderthal way, shoving down his shorts without even undoing them, his tight boxers hugging the huge silhouette of his thick, long cock... his hand rubbing it as he looks down at my face.
"Give this slut a good face fucking Ramon, use that fucking cock and make her choke," John directs, his lens focusing on Ramon's boxers, awaiting the reveal.
Ramon shoves down his purple boxers as his huge cock strings into view, in all its glory. Looking up from below, I gasped. Ramon's smooth balls were hanging under a long smooth shaft capped by his fat tip... fuck I wanted it! My mouth watering as I lick my lips.
John moves back, making sure to capture both Ramon and myself as Ramon drops back to his knees, bringing his impressive cock back in line with my face.
Reaching down with his left hand to grab my throat again, his right guiding his cock to my expectant mouth.
John moves to the right, next to my hanging face as Ramon's fat cockhead pushes past my lips.
"Oooh fuck yes" John groans.
"MMmmmph" I mumble as Ramon's cock forces its way into my mouth. Ramon's grip on my throat is tight as I swirl my tongue around the huge fat cock, easily filling my mouth... fast.
Pausing only to let my mouth wet his cock, Ramon pushes in harder, his cock pushing past my tonsils and into my throat.
I gag hard, my nose breathing deep to pull air into my lungs as I hear both Ramon and John laughing.
Ramon quickly pulls out, another gag reflex makes spit ooze from my mouth, covering Ramon's cock as he pulls out, a string of my saliva connecting my lips to his cock, and extra running down my face.
Ramon plunges his cock back down my throat, his grip on my throat releasing as John moves close to capture my swollen throat filled with latino cock.
"MMmmmmm, fuck yes, gag over that big cock slut. Look at this fucking sexy slut getting used boys" John narrates to the camera.
Ramon starts to move back and forth, fucking my slutty mouth. His left hand reaches out to grab my left tit. Roughly digging his fingers into the flesh as he uses it to steady himself while he fucks my mouth.
The wet sounds of my throat being fucked fill the room, squelching and gagging.
Leaning his head down, Ramon bites down on the hard nipple on my right tit, pulling his head back slightly lifting my heavy tit just by my nipple. I try to squeal but the huge cock filling my throat makes me gag loudly. Ramon releases the nipple letting the tit fall back to my chest as he laughs, instead giving the abused right tit a hard slap.
I keep my legs lifted and open as I lay back exposed. My right hand is down on my pussy as I finger myself. My left hand against Ramon's thigh as I struggled to push him away as I gasp for air.
John moves around and captures the view of Ramon's ass and asshole, his smooth balls tightening as they hit my face. Ramon's cock pounding my mouth and throat, my eyes wide, wet, my mascara smeared down my cheeks from my tears as I gag.
"What an amazing slut you are. So, fucking slutty sexy" John says, moving his camera up to look down over Ramon's shoulder to capture a POV shot.
"Now that is fucking heaven" John moans as he films Ramon's cock fucking my throat, my big tits bouncing as he thrusts.
Noticing my hand on my pussy, John gives Ramon the signal to fuck.
Pulling out his cock, Ramon stands again, pulling his top off and removing the rest of his clothes.
"Get on your fucking knees, Sammy. Ramon's going to feed that hungry little slutty pussy of yours... you want that, don't you slut? Of course, you fucking do!"
Wiping my face with my arm as I moved onto my knees, I reached out, holding myself on the arm side of the lounger.
Ramon slides up behind me, reaching down to push my thighs wider. Ramon grips his cock and slides his tip up and down over my pussy lips.
"MMmmmmmmm, please fuck my slutty pussy" I mew like a schoolgirl.
Ramon hears my words of encouragement, his tip pushing against my pussy, stretching my pussy lips open as the tip mushrooms then pops inside me, making me gasp out loud. My pussy is soaked, giving him an easy job of entering my tight pussy as his shaft slides inside me, forcing my vaginal walls wider, tightly gripping his cock.
"OOOOOH FUCK!" I scream out as Ramon fills me with his thick meat.
Ramon's hand reaches out to grab my left titty again, as he slowly starts to move back and forth... building up his speed.
"OOOH, FUCK, YES, YES, YES!" I scream out as Ramon fucks me deeper than anyone has ever fucked me. His fingers dig into my big left titty, squeezing it tight as his cock violently fucks my little pussy.
John moves in front of me. The camera is gone, instead it is mounted on a tripod, still filming us.
Ramon's hand moved from my tit back to my throat, pulling me back, making me arch my back and thrust out my tits. His right arm locks my arms behind my back as he roughly fucks me, his balls slamming and slapping against my pussy as he fucks me deeper and deeper, faster and faster. My big tits bouncing up and down with every deep thrust.
My mouth is hanging open, gasping for air, my cheeks flushed, my face the perfect expression of a wanton slut being used for pleasure.
John places his arms down on the lounger next to mine, leaning forward looking into my eyes, "you are going to be the perfect little slut for my business." You love being used as a slut." His right hand reaching up and capturing my hard nipple between his fingers, pulling it up, stretching my titty.
I look into John's eyes as I gasp and flinch. Ramon is fucking my pussy, holding me tight as John pulls at my titty.
John's gaze drifts to my big tits, raising his other hand to capture the other nipple, pulling both up and out, lifting my big tits by my hard nipples.
I let out a loud aching gasp, then John let them go, watching them fall back to my chest. My nipples are aching and throbbing.
SLAP! John's big hand slaps my left titty upwards, making it bounce. Then repeating it on the right titty.
"Ppppleash shtop" I try to gasp as Ramon's hand on my throat tightly holds me in place.
John slaps both big tits again, watching the shade of red they turn.
With a big smile, John's fingers capture my nipples again, tightly twisting them, wanting to make them harder, tender, in need of release.
"MMMMMMMMmmmph" I gasp.
"Fucking yes. Fucking yes" John laughs. His head then leans down as his fingers release my nipples, placing his mouth on my hard and sore right nipple.
His mouth starts to hungrily suck and chew on the big tit as Ramon's cock continues pounding my pussy.
Ramon's body sweating heavily as he holds me in place, his cock moving faster and faster in and out of my slutty pussy.
John's head moving back and forth from one titty to the other, his mouth sucking hard on my tits.
I squeal as hard as I can as I am used by both men.
Unseen by me, with my head pulled back, John had released his cock. His cock was smaller than average as he furiously jerked it, his mouth never leaving my tits.
Ramon begins to twitch harder inside me, suddenly pulling his cock out of me, leaving my pussy gaping open from being stretched, forcefully pushing me down to my knees.
My nipple pops from John's mouth as he sees me forced down onto my knees, still furiously stroking as he watches Ramon move in front of my face. I look up at Ramon, my hands moving to cup my tits and nipples, as i open my mouth and extend my tongue.
"Foda-se, estou gozando" Ramon grunts out loud as the first thick rope of cum splashes over my cheek just under my eye. Ramon brings his cock closer to my tongue as the next shot fills my mouth, covering my tongue.
Thick ropes of cum erupt one after another, filling my mouth and running down my tongue onto my large cleavage. With a final grunt, Ramon releases his cock, bringing it to my mouth as I lick and suck the last bits of cum from his tip like a good slut.
Ramon smiles, breathing hard. He reaches down to give my cheek a pinch before turning to pick up his clothes and leave the room.
John moves to my left side, as I turn my cum splattered mouth to face him.
"Sammy.... you are... so fucking... good!!" John gasps out, still pumping his little cock.
With a last loud gasp, John's cock erupts milky cum all over my tits. John loudly gasps for air as he rubs his cock over my tits and nipples.
"FFFFfffffuck... fucking great!" John groans, shuffling back with his pants and trousers wrapped around his ankles, his fat, round, hairy belly exposed hanging under his shirt.
Leaning back against his desk, John gasps for air, then points to a small side table, "there are wet wipes... and lotion in there if you need Sammy." A few more deep breaths, "you were fucking fantastic!"
----
After leaving the bathroom, I returned to John's office via the side door that led to full changing rooms, make-up stations, and a huge wardrobe filled with costumes, clothes, and shoes.
I wondered if I would see Ramon again back there, but it seemed he had already left.
As I entered the office, John had returned to the seat behind his desk, rearranging his messed-up ponytail.
"Sammy!!" John bellowed, "My new golden girl!" Reaching into his desk, John pulled out an envelope, sliding it across the desk as I approached it. "As promised, €2,000... and it was worth every single fucking penny" John slyly grinned.
Picking up the envelope, I opened it, seeing the wade of €20 bills inside.
"I... enjoyed myself" I smiled. "I hope the camera liked me too?" I playfully asked, knowing full well it did.
"Sammy, I fucking kid you not. You're going to be a star! I want you in my next production and I even want to put you on the cover of the DVD... what do you think?" John confidently grinned.
"Let me think about it, okay?" I playfully answered.
"Think! No need for that... there's more money than that for this, so much more. You take a day or so and we'll get you in for a contract signing. Start thinking about quitting that job of yours. This time next month, you're going to be driving a Ferrari!" John grins, giving me a wink.