For further background on Exhibitionist Club, it would be helpful to read the short predecessor story Exhibitionist Club: Emily's Show
****************************************************************************************************
There were countless memorable moments of Exhibitionist Club that I could recount, but today's story is particularly memorable. It was one of the first semi-public events of the club. Dr. Jones, our faculty sponsor, had been working with us and the college to devise ways for us to be nude in public. The plans and events we pitched and developed would often be thinly veiled attempts at allowing members of the club to expose themselves to an audience and live out their fantasies. A lot of the ideas had a degree of plausible deniability to them, they were framed so as to allow members to expose themselves in public, but there would be some element to it designed to lend plausible deniability. One such example is the idea of a contest, where nudity could be seen as secondary to the purpose of the event.
As the semester went on and the members of our club became more daring, the ideas became more and more extreme, and some could argue depraved. One such idea that emerged was for a contest between three of the female members of the club. The idea was initially proposed by Julia. She was a little chubby, with a large pair of breasts and a very jiggly large ass. Her hair was long and black, and her skin was olive toned. It became clear very early in the club that she really liked to jiggle her breasts and ass for a captive audience, as a lot of the private club events involved her getting completely naked and twerking and dancing for us. She expressed to us that she really wanted to spread her butt open for an audience, and that she wanted to figure out some sort of contest that involved displaying herself this way.
Nadia expressed a similar interest. Nadia was a very slim and short brunette. Her breasts were not particularly large, but her ass was plump and firm. The most notable thing about Nadia however, was that her vagina had notably large labia, and a clit that hung down below her clitoral hood. It became clear early on in the club that Nadia really enjoyed showing off her meaty genitals. Her favorite things to do usually involved spreading her legs and reveling in men's reactions to her exposed genitalia. It was not easy for Nadia to hide her excitement, as her wet vagina would sometimes end up dripping with moisture, and her large clitoris would become engorged and betray her arousal. She agreed with Julia that she would like an opportunity to spread her butt open for an audience, especially since she hoped that this would allow her to display her clitoris and labia as well.
The third member was of course Emily, who was definitely the most daring member of the club. She was a petite redhead with a pixie cut and a freckled face. She really seemed to thrive on humiliation and exposure. She had nipple piercings and a taint piercing, and loved to spread her butt cheeks open and wink her pink anus at whoever was willing to look. Emily immediately expressed excitement at Julia's idea, and was the one who pitched the idea of a contest to see which of the three could fit the most sharpies inside their anus.
Julia and Nadia were both pretty hesitant with this idea at first. Both had an interest in exposing themselves to an audience, but this idea seemed a little extreme. It would require them to get face down ass up, spread their butts open with both hands, and have someone put lubricated sharpies into their butt holes until they couldn't fit anymore. At first it seemed like they couldn't possibly agree to such a publicly humiliating idea. However, a compromise was struck, and it was decided that they could wear face masks to hide their identity. This could allow them to follow through on the fantasy, while protecting their identity enough to embolden them to follow through with it.
When I heard that all three had agreed to the plan, I have to admit that I was really excited. Up to that point in the semester, this was the most bold public event we had ever conceived of. I also have to admit that I really wanted to see these three ladies butt's wide open in front of an audience. The conversations planning the event alone were enough to make me hard, and I think a lot of the other male members of the club had the same experience judging by the bulges in their pants at meetings.
Once the plan for the event had been fully hatched, it was fairly straight forward to enact it. Dr. Jones was chosen to be the one to apply the lubrication and insert the sharpies. We would encourage the audience to count along out loud as the sharpies were inserted. Whoever was able to fit the most would win the record. Some identified that it could become a yearly contest.
Dr. Jones had to work hard to plan the contest and establish a venue. We initially wanted to have the contest right out in the quad on campus so even students walking by on their way to class could see. However, the college was unwilling to allow it, and it was decided that we would have to settle on holding the contest in a small auditorium space that was typically for small student sponsored events. The college provided the club a small budget of discretionary spending, and told us that we could use it for supplies.
A few dollars went towards purchasing some packages of sharpie's and some KY jelly. The remainder went to printing some fliers to hang up around campus to advertise the event. Emily volunteered to help work with a couple male members of the club who were marketing professionals on the design and layout of the poster. The final product was a pretty compelling full color flier. The flier read "Sharpie In Pooper Contest! Three girls compete to see who can fit the most. Don't miss out!" with a date, time and location. On the front of the post was Emily, fully nude except for a pair of clear stripper heels spreading her legs in a V shape. There was a banana emoji placed over her vagina, and a heart emoji placed over her butt hole. However, the heart emoji was slightly too small, and if you looked closely you could see the shadow of her butt hole still visible around the edges. Her white barbell taint piercing was left uncovered and visible to everyone. The guys she was working with offered to also block out her face, but Emily decided that she didn't mind her face being exposed on the fliers, and gave a big smile for the camera.
The fliers were placed all over campus, and it caused quite a scandal. The university was pretty progressive of sexuality, but even they got nervous about allowing the fliers to hang openly on campus. They quickly limited us to hanging them in bathrooms on campus, but there was a solid stretch of two full days where Emily's image was hanging all over, and was the talk of the campus. Normally you would think this type of public humiliation would destroy someone, but Emily already had her fully nude likeness displayed in a similarly humiliating way on the club's webpage, so it's clear she really enjoyed it.
The day of the contest, it was a little unclear what to expect. The fliers had made a huge buzz on campus, but we weren't sure what the turnout would be. When we began seeing students trickling into the auditorium, I realized that the turnout would be a lot more than we had anticipated. There was seating for 50, but the seats quickly filled and the back of the room had a decent amount of students who chose to stand in the back and watch. All and all, we estimated about 70 students in the audience attending the contest.
Back stage, Julia, Nadia and Emily were all getting ready. Julia in particular was looking very nervous, and I overheard Dr. Jones trying to talk her out of backing out.
"You will be wearing a mask, so nobody will know it's you. You will be completely anonymous. If you don't do this, you will regret it for the rest of your life. You are young and have a great body, and an opportunity like this will never come along again. Trust me, I wish I could have done something like this when I was an undergraduate".
Dr. Jones pep talk seemed to be slowly working, as Julia seemed to be slowly relaxing and calming down. Nadia seemed anxious as well, but seemed to be focused on getting ready. She had stripped naked and put on a bathrobe and a very ornate masquerade mask. She had apparently made it herself for this occasion, and had spent a lot of time and energy crafting it exactly as she wanted it to look. She was tapping her foot anxiously, but seemed primed to follow through with it.
Emily on the other hand is definitely cut from another cloth. During some of her earlier exhibitionist club events, she had seemed nervous but excited. As the semester rolled on, she got more and more daring until she seemed to not seem nervous at all. She too was wearing a bathrobe. She had chosen to wear her trashy clear heels that she seemed to love to wear when she was fully nude. She was also wearing a very cheap halloween store version of a zorro mask to conceal her identity.
Eventually, Julia seemed to acquiesce to Dr. Jones speech, and put on an N95 mask and a bathrobe to match the other contestants. She nervously swayed back and forth as Dr. Jones walked out on stage to begin the contest.
"Hello all, I am Dr. Samantha Jones, and I am the faculty sponsor for the exhibitionist club here on campus. Today we have a very special treat for you all. Some of our contestants this evening are understandably nervous, and I hope you all will show some support and cheer them on for the first annual Sharpie in Pooper contest. We have determined that photography and video is allowed during our contest today, however, it will be important for you all to remain seated so that people in the back can see. Please be respectful and mindful of not obstructing other's views of the stage. With that, I want to bring out and introduce today's contestants. First up, it's contestant number one!".
Julia looked pretty anxious, but she was a trooper and after a brief hesitant pause, walked out from behind the curtain onto the stage. She was met with a loud round of applause. She stood nervously on stage as the other two contestants were introduced and took their places on stage as well.
Once the three ladies were lined up, Dr. Jones described the premise of the contest and provided instructions to the audience on yelling along with each sharpie that was inserted. She motioned to Julia and told her to take up her starting position.
Now, I had never up until this point seen someone that you could tell was so terrified, even behind an N95 mask. Julia reached to undo her bathrobe, but she seemed to freeze. You could see her face turning red, and her hesitation was obvious. She stood there frozen for about 10 seconds before someone in the audience began to clap and yell "you can do it!". There were some more "woos!" and cheers of encouragement from the back of the room, but poor Julia stood there frozen like a statue. She put her hands up over her face in embarrassment and walked up next to Dr. Jones and put her head on her shoulder.
The crowd let out a collective "awwww", and Dr. Jones patted Julia on her side. "It seems like contestant number one is a little shy, why don't we give the other ladies a chance first and we will come back to her if she is ready". The crowd gave some supportive claps and cheers, and Julia looked visibly relieved. "Let's begin with contestant number two, take up your position!"
Nadia stepped forward, and she grabbed the tie of her bathrobe and held it with both hands. There was a long pause, and I saw her taking a very deep breath. I could tell she was nervous, and I was worried it would be a repeat of Julia. However, after her deep breath, she undid the tie of her bathrobe completely, and let it drop down to her side. She handed it off with one hand to Dr. Jones, who placed it on the side of the stage. There Nadia was, standing there completely nude in front of an audience of 70 people. She had chosen to fully shave her vagina that day, and she stood with her legs slightly parted, displaying her meaty genitalia for everyone.
The audience erupted with applause and shouts of encouragement. I saw lots of phones raised in the air taking pictures and video. Nadia place her hands on her hips and stood for ten seconds, allowing everyone to get some full frontal photos of her. Then she walked up to the yoga mat that had been placed down on front center stage, and sat down on it. She paused for a moment, possibly to prepare herself emotionally, and then rotated her body into a bridge pose. She dropped to her knees with her shapely ass oriented towards the audience, and lowered her head down onto the mat. She then spread her knees apart wide, and reached back and spread her butt cheeks open with both hands. Her dark brown anus and meaty vagina were fully displayed for the audience, and the cheers grew louder.
Dr. Jones approached Nadia and applied some KY jelly to her fingers. She reached down and rubbed the jelly onto Nadia's spread anus. Next she dried her hand on a towel, and opened the first package of sharpie markers, which provoked another round of applause. Dr. Jones bent down and yelled "count with me!" into the microphone. Dr. Jones stood off to the side so the audience could maintain a great view of Nadia's spread ass, and began to rub the end of sharpie #1 on the rim of Nadia's anus. Slowly but surely, she inserted a third of a sharpie into Nadia's butt hole, and the audience yelled "one!'. This occurred two more times. After the third sharpie was inserted, Dr. Jones was clearly struggling to hold them in place.
I noticed a string of creamy feminine wetness begin to hang down from Nadia's spread vagina. Someone in the audience yelled out "look at her drip, she is loving this". A male student from the back of the room yelled out "damn look at that roast beef melt!". These comments were met with laughter, and Dr. Jones gave the audience a dirty look as she was working towards inserting the fourth sharpie. Dr. Jones was having a hard time inserting the fourth sharpie, but judging from Nadia's dripping vagina, she was loving it.
The first string of wetness finally detached and dripped onto the stage. As soon as the first fell, a second strand immediately began to form. Nadia's clit was completely engorged from arousal, and she was leaking wetness onto the stage. It was hard to imagine was it was like to be Nadia in that moment, with your butt spread for 70 people, leaking your juices onto the stage as people commented on your wetness. It seemed like it must have been one of the most humiliating and exhilarating experiences someone could have.
As Dr. Jones struggled with the fourth sharpie, male students began yelling more and more rude comments. "Her pussy is like a faucet!", "her clit looks like a tiny dick!", "her asshole is must be too narrow!". Some of the women in the audience began giving some of the guys in the back some dirty looks. As the comments escalated, Nadia seemed to get wetter and wetter. Finally, the sharpies fell out of Nadia's anus before Dr. Jones could fit the fourth in, and Nadia posted a score of three. She stood up and faced the audience and gave a bow. There was an uproar of applause, and Nadia put on her bathrobe and stood slightly off to the center back of the stage.
"All right, next is contestant number three! Come take your position!". Emily stepped forward, and without any hesitation removed her bathrobe. She tossed it into the audience, and stood proud and fully nude on stage in her clear trashy stripper heels. She had been holding something in her hand earlier, and now I got a view of it as she raised it up to her neck. It was a white collar with gold glittery letting that spelled "WHORE". She affixed it around her neck, and the audience erupted in cheers. She then proceeded to pull off her zorro mask and throw that into the audience as well.
"I think she is the girl from the fliers! What a whore!" a male student yelled from the back of the room. Emily struck a few poses in front of the audience, allowing some full frontal photography. She then effortlessly dropped to her knees on the yoga mat, adopting a face down ass up position, and spread her butt cheeks as wide as they would go with both hands. Once her butt cheeks were spread, her white barbell taint piercing was revealed, as well as her pink vagina. We were all surprised to see that she already had a gold glittery butt plug in her butt hole.
"It looks like Emily has been working on her asshole stretching in preparation for the contest!" Dr. Jones remarked. Emily reached back and pulled the butt plug out with one hand. It was a decently sized plug, and I quickly realized that Emily would likely win this contest. When Emily respread her butt cheeks apart, she spread them so wide and with such force that her pink anus was also spread. There was a very small gape to the hole of her anus. Unlike Nadia, Emily looked back at the audience with her head off to the side. I could see her facial expression, and she seemed to be reveling in looking at the audience staring and taking pictures of her slightly gaped anus and vagina.
Dr. Jones began to insert the sharpies, and the first few were inserted practically effortlessly. "Damn what a whore, her asshole is loose as hell look at it!" a male student yelled from the back of the room. Emily smiled and nodded her head. The insertion of sharpies only became difficult around number six, and by this time a little bit of creamy wetness had formed at the entrance of Emily's vagina. Eventually, Dr. Jones was able to fit eight sharpies into Emily's anus, and she was working on the ninth.
Suddenly, with little warning, Dr. Jones lost a grip on the sharpies, and all eight shot out of Emily's anus like bullets. They all landed near the front row of the audience, and a couple audience members picked them up and started throwing them into the back rows of seating. The sharpies became like hot potatoes, with students throwing them all around, and some pretending to sniff them and then throw them.
"Well, it looks like Emily could fit eight! Oh wait, Emily says she wants your attention for a moment". Apparently, Emily was saying something to Dr. Jones while maintaining her butt spread, and was holding the pose until the audience had their eyes back on her instead of focusing on the sharpies being thrown. One Emily held the audience's attention, Dr. Jones said "Ok Emily, what is it you wanted?".
At that moment, Emily did something I couldn't believe. She spread her butt cheeks even wider apart, something that I didn't think was possible, and let out a fart that lasted about five seconds. Some of the lubricant that was inside her anus was fart out of her butt hole, and began to run down to her taint piercing. The audience erupted with a mixture of laughter and disgust. Emily stood up and gave a bright smile, as well as a few bows. She took up her place next to Julia the previous contestant, but since her bathrobe had been thrown into the audience, she stood there completely naked reveling in the attention.
It took the audience a good eight minutes or so to calm down after Emily's little stunt. I could hardly believe it was possible to be such a shameless exhibitionist whore. I had almost forgotten about Julia, who was still standing in her bathrobe with her N95 mask.
"Well, Emily had a little surprise for us I see! Contestant number one, do you think you want to give it a shot?". At this point in the contest, Julia clearly had nothing to gain. There was no way she would beat eight sharpies, so from the contest's perspective there was clearly nothing left to accomplish. If she chose to compete now, there would be no plausible deniability left that the whole thing was just an excuse to spread her butt open for an audience.
Despite this, Julia sheepishly nodded her head. She held up one finger, indicating that she would just do one sharpie and call it quits. Dr. Jones agreed, and some of the women in the audience began to give encouraging claps. "You can do this girl woo!" some of them shouted in support. I have to admit that even though I really enjoyed the depravity of Nadia and Emily's shameless displays, I felt happy that Julia would be able to live out her fantasy, even if she couldn't match the other contestants.
Julia took her place at front center stage, and removed her bathrobe. She stood there fully naked, and there was a round of cheers. Even some of the misbehaved men in the audience kept their comments to themselves, perhaps out of respect for Julia's struggle with her own embarrassment. Julia clumsily knelt down on the yoga mat, and as she took up her face down ass up position, her large breasts and ass jiggled alluringly. At first, she barely spread her knees apart, and she just placed her hands on her butt cheeks and wasn't really pulling them apart.
"Alright contestant number one, spread your knees a little bit wider. You can do this. Now spread your ass". Dr. Jones said with a tone of encouragement.
Julia spread her knees wider and pulled her butt cheeks apart. Julia was a little heavier set than the other two, and her vagina was tucked away a little bit. Her vagina and anus were the same tone as the olive skin around her, and at least to my taste she probably had the nicest shaved butt hole and vagina of all three of them. When the sharpie was fully inserted, the audience erupted in applause. Julia stood up and faced the audience and gave a bow.
Julia quickly retrieved her bathrobe and put it back on. All three girls lined up, and Emily was crowned the winner. She was the only one still nude at this point, and the other girls clapped for her as Dr. Jones placed a small tiara on Emily's head. Emily made it a point to walk around the stage and smile and wave, giving everyone ample opportunity to take some last photos and videos before everyone retreated backstage.