(This is the second part of Anna's adventures. An athletic and bored mom and housewife chasing a newly discovered addiction)
After her last adventure Anna was now hooked. It was as if she had a new secret life. She loved having this secret dirty hobby. Every morning once her husband left for work and the kids were at school, it was as if she was reborn, shedding her facade of the nice, modest housewife, and transforming into a budding exhibitionist.
She would spend all day in the nude. Anna made sure she left the windows open while she worked around the house and in the yard. The feeling of knowing she was fully exposed to any one who passed by drove her crazy.
When people walked past her house, she made sure to stay in view. Her heart felt like it would beat out of her chest as she stood, waiting in front of the window to see if the passers-by would notice her.
Any time she did laundry, she made sure to leave the garage door open. She loved walking out to the boundary of the garage and driveway. Anna would stand there for hours some days, on full display to the quiet neighborhood where she lives.
It was always a similar game. Standing out in front of the driveway, she would slowly feel her body, squeezing her breasts, playing with her nipples, and feeling the warm spring breeze caress every inch of her toned, exposed body.
She fantasized about a crowd of people watching her as she would masturbate. When she heard someone coming, it was always a game of chicken. How long would she dare to stand there before her nerves won over, running for cover. The risk turned her on beyond belief.
After time passed, it took more and more risk and exposure to fulfill her needs for adrenalin.
On one particularly warm April day, Anna was once again standing in the open garage, folding laundry. The neighborhood was even more quiet than it normally was. She hadn't seen a soul all day.
Her dirty mind began to get the best of her..
"I could probably get away with a lot more.." Anna thought to herself, pinching her nipple and biting her lip as she peaked out into the neighborhood from the garage.
Although she was getting braver by spending more time in situations where someone could catch her. She still had never left the safety of their garage and driveway.
Feeling brave, Anna slowly stepped out past the garage door. Breathing heavily, her face and chest blushed a rosy hue. With shaky nerves, the naked house wife walked slowly out onto the driveway.
The warm cement under her bare feet reminded her of how exposed she was.
Finally Anna made it to the end of the driveway. She stood there giggling in disbelief, looking up and down the road she was now standing on. There wasn't a soul to be seen, but cars could be heard in the distance. A reminder that someone could come driving through her neighborhood at any time.
She looked further down the street to her left. With a mischievous smile, she spotted the stop sign at the intersection which marked the end of her block. The intersection was about 7 houses, and around a hundred yards away.
"I dare you.." Anna whispered to herself under her breath.
Slowly she started walking. It took all she could muster to simply put one foot in front of the other. Her heart beat out of her chest as her blush deepened.
She couldn't believe how exciting the simple act of walking away from her house was. With every step she took, she knew she was further from any access to her clothing and closer to a very strange situation to try and to explain if she was caught.
Anna looked down at her nude body as she walked, caressing her breasts and enjoying the show she was putting on. She couldn't believe how bold she felt walking along the street totally nude.
She was loving every second. Anna swayed her hips seductively side to side as she walked. If any of her neighbors happened to be home and looked outside, they would immediately have a very different view of their sweet, motherly neighbor.
She was about half way down the road when she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the window of a parked car. She stood there mesmerized. Anna had seen herself nude in a mirror a million times, but this was the first time she was seeing herself with her neighbor's front yard in the background.
The sight aroused her. Turning slowly to each side, she drank in every inch of her body. She had always worked hard to take care of her body and felt confident, but she was only now discovering how much of an exhibitionist she really was.
She continued on. Practically skipping at this point, Anna was smiling ear to ear. She wished she had someone she could share this experience with, or even tell. It was as if she had discovered the most incredible high available, and it cost no money.
Anna made it to the stop sign. Running up to it, she gasped as she pressed her nude body against the cool metal. Anna stood for a moment. Being nude felt like she was discovering an entirely new way of feeling everything. Otherwise innocuous items, such as a cool breeze or a stop sign were now newfound sources of arousal as they touched her uncovered body. Goosebumps rushed over her body as stood there nude, rubbing the pole slowly against her breasts, looking around the intersection in every direction.
Anna wanted more. The budding exhibitionist scampered out into the middle of the intersection. The dark asphalt of the street felt much warmer under her bare feet. The warmth radiated up her legs, through her entire body.
Now standing in the center of the street, Anna raised her arms out to her sides, smiling and slowly turning in circles. Anna took her time showing her nude body to every side of the intersection. It was a hopeless feedback loop. The more exposed she felt, the more free, aroused, and excited she became.
In the small distance between the stop sign and intersection, Anna instantly now had four times the amount of streets, and therefore parked cars, houses, and sidewalks that could contain a potential on-looker. The cycle of excitement progressed as she began to squeeze her breasts, pinching her nipples as her hand traveled down her nude body.
Her right hand remained tightly fastened to her breasts as her left slowly found its way to her pussy.
"Holy fuck.." Anna whispered to herself, now biting her lower lip. She couldn't believe how wet this was making her.
"What would everyone think of me if I were found like this?" Anna wondered to herself. She didn't understand why that thought only turned her on more.
She began to moan as her fingers began moving more quickly over her wet pussy. Her hips moved in small circles as Anna continued to masturbate in the middle of the street.
She barely bothered to look around by this point, purely lost in the cocktail of arousal and adrenaline coursing through her body.
The sound of a car door slamming shattered the silence of, what was until now, was her private playground.
Anna was frozen, slowly looking around. She peered down the street towards her house, now well aware of how far away from her clothing she now was.
She took off in a dead sprint, making it back onto the sidewalk. She was moving as fast as she could, not even bothering to look around to determine where the sound came from, let alone taking the time to figure out if someone had caught her.
After about thirty seconds she was finally approaching her house. Her feet hurt and she was beginning to sweat after running so hard on the warm cement.
Anna flew in through her garage, into the safety of her home. Still panting she quickly made her way to the living room, ducking down and peaked out the front window for any signs of being pursued.
Breathing heavily she surveyed the street in front of her house. After a moment it appeared as if the coast was clear.
Anna collapsed into a sweaty heap on her hardwood floor, laughing hysterically.
Her hand immediately found its way back to her pussy, rubbing furiously. Anna twisted one of her nipples as she began to breathe heavily once again.
Her mind went back to the intersection. She still hasn't gotten over the experience. She was so exposed, so free, so scared, and yet more aroused than she had ever been.
Anna's hand quickened as her breathing increased, and her chest became flush. She imagined getting caught by the mystery person in the car. She pictured being grabbed from the intersection, pressed against the stop sign, and fucked right there in the middle of the neighborhood for everyone to see.
Her back arched, as her fingers were now moving with almost machine-like speed. Following a deep breath, Anna let out a passionate scream. Her left hand tightly gripped the curtains next to her. She writhed around while wave after wave of orgasm crashed through body.
If you didn't know better you would have thought she was possessed. She made no efforts to try to be quiet.
After what seemed like an eternity, Anna settled back down onto the floor, out of breath, giggling, now laying in a puddle of her sweat and juices.
Still shaking she slowly began to sit up.
"Holy fuck what time is it?" Anna asked herself. It was as if she was slowly reintegrating into reality. Her eyes widened when she realized that all of her windows and doors were still open. If anyone was anywhere close to her house, they certainly would have heard the commotion. She almost wished someone came to investigate.
Anna felt almost scared of learning what she was capable of. She didn't know where this new urge and addiction of hers was going to take her, but she was certain she was going to take it as far as she could.
She spent the rest of the day cleaning herself up, picking her kids up from school, and making dinner. All the while still buzzing from the excitement of her adventure.
She couldn't wait to see how far she could push it again tomorrow..