She knew he was watching her, but she didn't stop what she was doing...
Earlier in the day, Denise was focused on the chores that had piled up around the house - laundry, dirty bathroom, clutter, etc. The usual busy house with kids and both spouses working. So much for her day off and the house to herself she sighed. The rain outside had switched from a fire hose earlier to a fine Scotch mist, and she smiled at the fresh fall petrichor as she loved that smell. A warm front had moved in after the rain, and the temperature rose and the sun tried to burn through the cloud. As she admired the soft fog on the bushes outside the window, Denise noticed the hard-working gardener next door. He was handsome, in his fifties, fit, with worn work jeans that he wore well accentuating his muscular thighs. Matching tattoos of some dragon or lizard ran its way up both of his arms up under his t-shirt. She giggled to herself at the name of his landscaping business on the side of his pickup truck: "Green Thumb At Your Service" (well, she could use some thick thumbs herself she thought!).
Later, as she was tidying up in the garage, she heard the tell-tale squeal of her outside faucet. Curious, she stuck her head out the window, and surprised the gardener as he bent over the faucet, filling his water bottle. "You know, you could have just asked for some lemonade!"
"Oh gosh, I'm so sorry mam." Denise laughed and reassured him it was not a major transgression.
"Honestly though, I know Carol is out so if you need something to drink or need to use the bathroom, just knock ok?" He smiled a boyish, sheepish grin and she caught herself admiring him. (What are you doing Denise, you are a married woman!).
Soon she decided to enjoy her day, and moved to the sun room to lounge on the comfy couch with one an unfinished romance novel. It was nice just to escape the usual rat race and just relax. The usual cowboy and the widow story in the novel was steamier than usual, at least it seemed to Denise. She caught herself blushing at the cheesy but no less hot description of sex on the hay in the barn. Denise's free hand made its way down her neck, and she gave her own boob a light squeeze as she felt her loins moisten at the visuals in the story. Laying there in her comfy pants and loose fitting sweater sans bra, she felt her nipples harden against the fabric. As the book's pages turned to descriptions of a turgid manhood and moist full lips, she groaned quietly (it had been so long since she'd been made love to, taken like the gal in the story). Denise untied the string to her pants to allow that hand to slip between her legs as the story continued. It was then that she realized that someone was watching her. With lidded eyes, she spied the hunky gardener watching in a direct line of sight from behind a hedge through the window.
Where her confidence and exhibitionist streak came from she'd never know, but she stood up and shimmied down her pants and lay back down and positioned herself to give him even more of an eyeful. With one leg over the back of couch, her hand returned to play with her now very wet pussy. Arching her back, her other hand cupped a tit and she pinched her own nipple hard, the way she liked it. Knowing she was turning him on, made her rub herself even harder. She managed to awkwardly pull her panties down to her thighs, stretching them as she continued to finger and play. Denise glanced up to see what he was doing, and was pleasantly surprised to see him standing closer to the window.
He mouthed "Don't stop...keep going." as he reached down and pulled out his cock from his tight jeans, already fully erect. The sight of his pink-purple cock head swollen for her, drove Denise to be even bolder. She hiked the bottom her sweater over her head, exposing her amble breasts for him to admire and lifted one up to her own mouth to suckle. She revealed at the look of desire in his eyes when she did that. Sitting up, she squatted on her haunches and began finger fucking her engorged dripping pussy. Bouncing up and down, fingers flailing she watched as he pumped his own member faster and faster. Denise could stand it no longer as her orgasm crescendoed and she moaned loudly, head tilted back in ecstasy. Denise looked back in time to see him shudder and she gasped as white laser beams of his cum shot up in the air, some of it splashing in the window.
Denise opened the screen door and said, "Could I get your business card I have some bushes in here that need your expert thumbs?!"