I really appreciate LocoHerb for editing this chapter of "Home On The Range".
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**PLEASE NOTE:
**Author's Note: Home On The Range is a continuing story where each chapter builds on previous chapters. If this is your first encounter with Home On The Range, I'd like to suggest you read the previous chapters prior to reading this one. Please enjoy!
** Home On The Range story is one of fiction based on the activities of a real-life. The plot of this story is to follow along as a family interact with the different situations they face in life.
**Before you read this chapter, be advised that it contains very graphic depictions of raw sex between two or more consenting people. IF such depictions upset you or make you lose sleep, PLEASE don't read any further. It's a different-strokes-for-different-folks kind of story.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters engaging in any sexual activities - are of legal age!
****************************
FROM CHAPTER 4
I walked over and sat on grandpa's (spike) lap with his cock standing up and pressed tightly against the lips of my pussy. I leaned in and kissed him passionately as well. Our kiss lasted a long time before we pulled back from each other. I looked deeply into his eyes in the fading light and said, "I love you so much. You are the man of my dreams."
He looked into my eyes and said, "Britt, I can't describe what you do to and for me. Your love means so much to me. I'm an old man and for how much more time I have, I will be spending every moment of it loving you. You are a very special person. Come on, let's go up and climb into bed and snuggle. I want to hold your naked body close to mine."
We went through our nightly rituals and were on the bed in no time. We moved into each other's arms and the last thing I remember was the lingering kiss of passion. Goodnight my love.
****************************
Chapter 5
The time to get up came so quickly. I was already partly awake when I felt spike move and then roll on his back. I whispered, "Is it that time again?"
"Yeah, as much as I hate to admit it, we need to start our day. It's not going to be that bad. We have to meet with my lawyer around noon time. Then this afternoon your horse is being delivered. Then we'll take a ride into town to pick up all the stuff we bought"
When you are only half awake and someone says, "this afternoon your horse is being delivered" you do what I did, jump up and hug and smother the person who said those words with kisses, passionate kisses, unending kisses, with morning breath and all.
I squealed and said, "OH MY GOD, I can't wait to see him. When did you find out?"
"That was one of the calls I made when we got back from your tour of the ranch."
"AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME? That's so unfair."
"Well, the way I see it, it's fair to me. I didn't have to keep shakin' sleepin' beauty this morning until she woke up. I'm gonna have to come up with something new each day now to wake your pretty little ass up."
"Did ya really mean what you said?"
"Yes, your horse is being delivered this afternoon."
"No, I mean about me having a pretty little ass." I said with a pouty look on my face.
Spike started with a loud belly laugh which lasted a while before he said, "Oh good, I can call up and cancel you horse ..."
I looked at him in shock, "WHY?"
"Cause you only asked me if I really thought you had a pretty little ass; you didn't say anything about the horse."
"OH YOU! You know what I mean. MEN! They can be such pain in the ass."
"Ummmm ... Honey, if you don't want men to be a pain in your ass, offer him your pussy instead."
"OH MY GOD! To think I woke up in such a great mood this morning!"
Spike looked at me and it was my turn to turn loose a belly laugh and I did just that. While I was laughing spike pulled me forward, so I was belly down on the bed. Suddenly I had a stinging pain in my ass at the same time I heard a loud smack. I screamed and I heard another loud smack but this time instead of screaming, I started laughing. Then I looked over my shoulder at him and said, "Is that all you've got? My grandma spanked me harder than that."
He smiled at me and spanked my ass twice more but not hard. Both of us burst out laughing and when we calmed, he said, "Yes, you have a pretty little ass but now it's decorated with beautiful red handprints."
"OK, mister, you better behave yourself from now on or I'm going to spank your ass."
Spike turned around and bent over and said, "Oh baby, I love it when you talk dirty to me. Spank away, sweetheart."
I sat up and spanked his ass and he did the dance like an Indian and said, "Oh, ouch, oh that hurt, oh my!" The whole time he was dancing he was laughing.
I stood up and grabbed his arms and spun him around towards me and planted a kiss on his lips. He returned my kiss immediately and his hands roamed all over my body. I fell to my knees and took his cock into my lips. It started to grow immediately. I cupped his balls and as his cock grew in my mouth, I reached down with my other hand and found my clit.
I let grandpa (spike) hold the sides of my head and face fuck me. I even helped him on the down stroke and pushed forward so his cock went into my throat. When he felt his cock enter my throat the first time, he held me there for a couple of seconds. Every other time his cock slipped into my throat he would extend the time he held me there before pushing my head backwards.
I pushed on his hip and he released me enough so I could say, "When you cum, I want you to hold my head so all your cum goes into my throat."
I allowed him to pull my face back to his pubic area and hold me then release me. He started pumping faster into my throat as well as breathing faster. I knew he wasn't too far from cumming, so I prepared by taking a deep breath through my nose when he pushed my head away and only the head of his cock was in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the base of his cock head and then I felt his cock expand and he groaned. He pulled me hard against his groin, but not enough to hurt me, and held me there while he blew his hot load of cum directly into my stomach.
I was locked in his embrace for more than a minute. I started feeling a bit faint when he pushed my head back, pulling his cock out of my throat so I could pull a deep breath of air into my lung through my nose. In one swift motion he picked me up and placed me on the bed. He grabbed my legs and said, "Hold 'em."
I hooked my arms under my knees and ... he nose-dived face first into my crotch and immediately devoured my pussy. He attacked my pussy with a vengeance, and it was only a matter of a few seconds I started to convulse in orgasmic spasms. My world whizzed by me and I felt like I was peeing, but I wasn't. I couldn't catch my breath and a weird feeling shot through my body, yet I couldn't move. I've never experienced anything like this before and then everything went black.
Somewhere off in a distance I heard something, someone was saying something, I couldn't recognize what was being said. Someone was shaking me, holding me but I couldn't wake up. It was like a dream and I was ... I don't know where I was. I couldn't lift my arms or my legs. Did someone tie me up? I think I was lying in someone's arms, but I wasn't sure. Everything was pitch black. Oh my god, what's happening to me? It was so strange; I was looking into the darkness and everything was spinning yet I couldn't see anything.
There was light and there were people, there was someone saying a name, oh that was my name and I couldn't even respond. Things got brighter and the voices were clearer now. Yes, the voices were calling my name, but I still couldn't respond. I started to worry, what happened to me?
I finally was able to move my hand; someone was holding my hand. I tried to open my eyes; the light was brighter now. I laid still, not that I could move. I tried to recall what I was doing but nothing came to me. Finally, I watched the light brighten up, my eyes fluttered, and I could see but I couldn't focus on anything. My world stopped spinning quite so fast. I heard the voices calling my name and they were much clearer now and when I tried to answer them back, my mouth opened but I couldn't hear myself talk.
Suddenly the tingling in my body started to fade away and I saw grandpa looking down at me. He had tears in his eyes. Why was he crying? Someone picked up my hand and kissed it. I don't know who that was because all I saw was grandpa's face near mine. Slowly, ever so slowly, things started to come back to me. I looked up and saw grandpa's face and when I tried to say something, I didn't know it was me. Wow, this was really weird. When grandpa saw me looking up at him, he started to smile.
I saw his lips move as he said my name, "Britt are you alright?" I nodded my head or at least I think I did. I wanted to. "Britt are you alright?" this time I know I nodded my head. Then another face appeared in my sight and it was snake. I knew who they were, but it was taking me some time to focus. I tried to speak to them again and I heard myself say, "I'm ok. What happened?"
Suddenly both faces were smiling down at me. Grandpa was cradling me in his arms and snake was standing beside him. I looked at both of them now and I asked again, "What the hell happened to me?"
Grandpa said in a soft voice, "Don't worry about that now Britt, I'm so happy you are back with us."
"But where did I go?"
"Sweetheart, you fainted or passed out or something like that."
"But why?"
Grandpa spoke softly as he said, "We'll talk about it later Britt. The most important part is that you are back with us. You've been out for almost ten minutes. I'm going to move you up on the bed and let you rest. I don't want you to get up until I come back to check on you."
"But I have to pee. I have to pee bad. I need to get to the bathroom now."
Grandpa carried me to the bathroom and with the help of snake, they set me down on the toilet and without waiting I turned a stream loose that would put the stallions to shame. I didn't think I was going to stop but when I did, grandpa held me, and snake got down and spread my legs and wiped my pussy.
I told grandpa I didn't want to be left alone so he carried me downstairs with snake walking down ahead of him and he laid me on the couch. He turned on the fans and asked me if I was ok."
I told him I was feeling better, but I still wanted to know what happened to me. Snake came back into the living room carrying two cups of coffee. Grandpa sat me up on the couch and then sat down on one side of me. Snake handed grandpa a cup and then held one out to me. He said, "I put a little cold water in your coffee Ms. Britt in case you spilled it on you, it won't be so hot."
He went back to the kitchen and brought his cup of coffee in and he sat on the other side of me. The three of us sat there sipping our coffee. I looked at grandpa and asked him again, "What happened to me."
"Well, Britt, I'm not totally sure but I'll tell you what I've heard through the years. I'm not totally sure it's what happened to you, but you had all the signs and symptoms of it."
"What I've heard is that people, both men and women, who are engaged in sexual activity can have such powerful orgasms that they can faint or pass out. What I believe happened to you is, you had one of those powerful orgasms that you not only passed out, but you squirted (female ejaculation) before you did."
"I've never heard of a female ejaculation before. But that didn't make me pass out did it?"
"You can call your ma later and let her tell you more about it. I can tell you that I know it is rare to find a woman who can squirt or ejaculate during sex. I've heard tell, there are some guys who will search all over until they find a woman who will squirt when they come."
"Are you saying I'm a rare find?"
"That's exactly what I'm saying sweetheart. Now, just because you have the ability to squirt doesn't mean you are going to pass out every time you squirt during sex."
"I really do need to call mom tonight. You have me curious about what happened."
"The part about passing out during a powerful orgasm is correct. But it doesn't happed often. Some people live their whole life and never pass out during sex. What worried me about you is you were out so long. Snake came up for breakfast, but we weren't down here yet, so he made the coffee because he heard us upstairs. Then when I started yelling your name, he came up to see what was going on. It would have totally ruined me if anything ever happened to you Britt. I love you so much."
"I'm feeling better now, I need to go cook breakfast so we can get the chores done."
No, I want you to sit here with snake, I'll go make breakfast and if you are feeling better then we'll help you out to the table to eat. What happened to you won't cause you any harm, it just drains your system and makes you feel weak for a little while. Sit tight, I'll have breakfast whipped up in no time."
Snake put his big arm around me, and I felt comforted sitting next to him sipping my coffee. We heard grandpa in the kitchen banging pans and he said, "Make sure you tell Frank that breakfast tastes great."
I laughed softly whispering, "Why do I need to do that? You can't screw up breakfast, can you?"
"Welllll, ... let me just say, I've been around here for a long time." Snake whispered back.
Grandpa was right he had French toast ready in no time flat. He came in and took my cup and snake helped me up and walked me to the table. I took my seat; grandpa re-filled my cup as well as his and snake's before we all were sitting at the table and grandpa said the prayer.
We started eating and his French toast wasn't bad, so I told him he will make some woman an excellent husband someday. We laughed and grandpa said, "I'm workin' on trying to impress a beautiful woman, do ya think she'll maybe hook up with me if I cook her more food?"
"Well now, Frank, I'm not gonna start nothin' but I thought you said you wanted to hook up and keep a woman, not chase her halfway to Houston."
I giggled and grandpa shot me a look that told me to keep quiet. I hushed up and watched snake and spike trade barbs between them.
We were finished eating so I stood up and started to collect the dishes and silverware and put them in the sink. When I had the table cleaned off, I went upstairs and picked out a pair of socks and put them on. Downstairs I put my boots on. Spike told snake we had a busy day so come back in around noon because my horse was being delivered. The three of us walked down to the barn with both my guys inquiring if I was feeling better. I told them I was fit as a fiddle and ready to play. Spike piped up sayin' "Got work to do first girlie. Work is always first."
I laughed and asked, "So why did you already play with me this morning if work is always first?"
"She's got a point there Frank." Snake said while laughing and walking over to the shed to get his tractor.
I turned on the lights and walked to the end of the barn to check on the animals and when I returned to the front of the barn, spike asked, "Everything ok?"
I told him all the animals seemed happy but hungry. Spike started cleaning the pens while I fed the animals. I finished a little ahead of him but when I tried to get in the pen to help him, he shooed me out and told me to stand still for a few minutes. When he finished the last pen, we walked together over to his horse's stall and brought him out into the alley and hooked him up. While I brushed him, spike cleaned out his stall and put his feed in there for him. We did the same thing with snake's horse.
We finished up the chores in the barn early but before we left the barn, I collected the eggs and we walked holding hands up to the house. Since the sun wasn't shining hot yet, I went out back and watered the garden with spike standing and watching me.
When I finished, we went into the house and right upstairs to take a shower. The lawyer would be arriving soon, and spike wanted to put on at least a pair of shorts before he arrived. I laughed and said, "Ok, what's good for the gander is good for the goose."
"Britt, you have that saying backwards. It's normally said what's good for the goose is good for the gander. For a little additional information for you, a gander is a male goose and a female goose doesn't have any specific name or title. Baby geese are known as goslings. OK?"
"I guess if you say so, but if you are only going to wear shorts when your lawyer comes here, then that's all I'm going to wear, literally." I said with a laugh.
We dried off after our shower and both of us fought over the sink while brushing our hair and teeth. I was shorter than spike so I stepped in front of him to brush my hair, but he finished his hair first (duh) so he tried to push me out of the way so he could brush his teeth. He was winning the battle until I reached down and grasped his cock. He stopped and looked at me as I said, "Ladies first."
I let him get some tooth paste on his brush and then stepped in front of him and leaned over the sink as I brushed my teeth. He stepped up behind me and slid the head of his cock into the crease of my vagina. I stopped mid stroke and cried foul, but he reminded me that I was the one who wanted to be in the front, so I was responsible for anything that happened. With that, he pushed, and the head of his cock slipped inside me. I moaned and continued to brush my teeth while he multi-tasked by fucking me and brushing his teeth at the same time. I'm not sure how he was doing on his teeth but he sure was doing a great job inside my slippery pussy.
He had to pull out of me to rinse his mouth but when he finished, he leaned me back over the sink and entered me again. Right there in the bathroom he smoothly seduced me to a couple small orgasms until he blew another load deep inside me. When we were able to stand up, I turned and looked up at his smiling face and my heart melted. I snuggled in his arms for a few minutes before we decided to rinse off separately, so we didn't get all wet again. We rinsed off and dried off before each of us donned a pair of shorts.
We went downstairs and into the office and spike (grandpa) pulled out his books and showed me what he was doing. He told me his accountant kept his books straight and paid the taxes on time, so he didn't have to worry about that. He said he was going to have the accountant add my name to his accounts since we were going to be co-owners of the ranch. He informed me instead of making me a partner in the ranch he decided for tax purposes that I need to be a co-owner so if anything happened to him, I could carry on with business of the ranch. He advised me he has called his stockbroker and he would be visiting the ranch soon to put my name on all his stock holdings. He explained the check book to me and about the balance he kept in the checking account. He went on to tell me we had to stop by the bank and add my name to the account and make me a check signer.
We were still in the office talking when there was a knock on the door. We got up and walked out into the living room and there at the door was a well-dressed man and a well-dressed woman. Grandpa invited them inside before he said, "Britt please meet my lawyer Jim Barclay." I stepped forward and shook his hand and I saw his eyes go directly to my bouncing little titties. I didn't say anything other than a greeting.
Jim looked at the female with him and then back at me before he said, "Brittany ..."
I interrupted him and said, "I prefer to be called "Britt."
"OK, fair enough Britt. Britt, I'd like to introduce you to Ms. Carol Jennings. Ms. Jennings is my partner in my firm and both of us are board-certified attorneys in the state of Texas. I have been Mr. Campbell's attorney for the past twenty-five years."
I looked at grandpa (spike) and asked, "Why is he telling me all this stuff?"
"I can answer that Britt. When we finish business and you have signed the forms Mr. Campbell has asked me to draw up, you will be the co-owner of this ranch. Do you have a place we can sit down to talk?"
"Now Jim, stop being so damn formal. We've been friends for a very long time, let's go over and sit at the table."
"I asked, "Would either of you like a cup or coffee or a bottle of water?"
Both attorneys asked for water and grandpa said he would like water as well. I went to the refrigerator and pulled out four bottles of water and set them on the table then took four glasses out of the cupboard and placed one in front of each person.
For the next hour there was a bunch of legal mumble-jumble and I kept looking at grandpa for direction and all he did was reach out and hold my hand. We sat across from both lawyers and I saw them keeping looking across the table at me, more specifically, my small titties. I started to get turned on knowing they were looking at me although neither said a word about me being topless.
Jim asked grandpa a lot of questions, some of which I thought was totally out of line if not, totally ridiculous. They wanted to know if grandpa was being forced in any way to take on a co-owner, if he was still able to care for himself and a whole bunch more stuff, I thought was an invasion of privacy.
I behaved myself for a long time and didn't say a word until it seemed Jim was questioning my grandpa's ability to make decisions and being forced to take on a co-owner. I questioned, "Ummm ... Mr. Barclay, you may be my grandfather's friend but the questions you are asking him is making it sound like you think he's ready for a nursing home or something. I'm young but it really seems you are asking questions that are too personal for an answer. What the hell is going on here?"
Grandpa turned to me and said, "Britt, not only am I taking you on as a co-owner of this ranch, I'm also changing my will to add your name as my executor. I am changing everything to you in case something happens to me. Because of the major changes in my legal matters, Jim needs to make sure I am of sound mind and body. He also needs to make sure I am willingly making the changes without being forced to do so. It's just a lot of legal stuff I have to go through now so in case anything happens to me, you won't have any problems in taking over my estate."
Jim looked at me and said, "He's right Britt. I have to be sure, before we get to the paperwork that he is of sound mind and is not being forced by you or anyone else to transfer any of his assets to you or anyone else. If he doesn't do this now, you could be tied up in the courts for many years and it would cost you a lot of money to resolve. When I finish with Frank, I will have to ask you basically the same questions since you will be a very wealthy young lady when you sign the papers. Also, you will need legal representation and I want to offer my services to you as well. Please allow me to finish with Frank and then we'll get to you."
I sat back in my seat and looked at grandpa and all he did was smile at me. Sure enough, Jim turned to me and asked me the same questions he'd asked grandpa. I felt like I was under a microscope. But when it was over, Jim turned a paper towards grandpa and had him sign and date it. Then he slid the same paper over to Carol Jennings and asked her to witness grandpa's signature. When all the papers were signed, Jim gave grandpa copies of everything for him to put in his safe.
Next came the co-owner papers which Jim read to both grandpa and me. Grandpa said he wanted a fifty/fifty co-ownership instead of the forty-nine/fifty-one co-ownership which was listed in the papers. Jim crossed out and wrote in the change and had both of us initial the change. My name had already been added to all the legal documents for the Campbell estate for which I had to agree. When it came time to sign on the dotted line, grandpa turned to me and asked, "Are you ready to take the big step into your future?"
I smiled and answered, "To think I came out here to stay for three months this summer to help you and here I am about to inherit half of what you own. I'm beyond words but I will promise you now that I will do my best to make this ranch a total success. I will work hard beside you to accomplish that task. Yes, I'm ready to take that big step and become a ranch owner."
Grandpa waited for me to finish talking then leaned over and kissed me before he signed the papers. There were two copies of triplicate papers to sign. Both grandpa and I signed the papers and Jim gave grandpa a copy to keep in his safe and took the other copy and put it in his briefcase.
As the final piece of business, Jim asked me if I wanted to retain him as my attorney. Grandpa said, "Jim, why can't she be added as a co-signer on my retainer for you, so we don't have to pay you a double fee?"
Jim started to laugh as he replied, "Good point Frank. I guess with her being a family member and your successor, we could do that. Most people have someone else as a partner but in this case it will work. I will add Britt's name to your retainer, and have it automatically continue if anything should happen to you. I'll send you the copies from the office. You'll need to sign both of the copies and send one back to me."
I heard snake coming back on his tractor just as Jim was wrapping up our meeting. He reminded us that he would like to meet with us every quarter to make sure everything was the same. Grandpa laughed and said, "Jim, you are charging me by the minute now, so hurry up and get out of here before I have to turn the ranch over to you."
Jim laughed and said to grandpa, "Frank you are getting a discount today because your new co-owner has provided a fantastic view. She hasn't covered up her beautiful breasts even one time since we arrived. Young lady, I commend you on your beauty and ability to stand up for whatever reason you're topless."
I smiled as I said, "It's the heat. I came here from Cleveland where it's summer there too, but the weather off Lake Erie makes the summer heat more tolerable. Here, it just get's way to hot for me so if males can get away without wearing a shirt in this heat, so can I. I really don't give a shit what anyone thinks about it.
Carol spoke up and said, "Britt, I don't blame you one bit. If I thought I could get away without wearing a blouse and bra, I'd do it in a heartbeat. But being an attorney, someone would be sure to say something negative. I can't afford to crash my career trying to stay cool."
"Well Carol, I'll tell you this, if you ever want to be topless so you can judge for yourself how much cooler you'd be, call me and I'll take you out to the pond, it's about ten minute from here and totally secluded. You can go topless for as long as you want to. Don't worry, we won't be disturbed during the day because snake and grandpa go out and work on the range until supper time. We can have a girl's day out."
"That sounds like an inviting offer Britt. I may take you up on that one day when it's really hot and the office is slow."
"Carol, you'll be safe out here, ain't nobody nearby, our pond is very refreshing to swim in and again, totally private. It's an open invitation for you Carol, call any time. If you want to come out on a Sunday when your office isn't open, you can go out with us and have a picnic by the pond on Sunday afternoon. The only difference is, snake and grandpa will be there, but hey, I'm sitting here without a shirt on and grandpa isn't paying any attention to me being topless. I'm sure he won't bother you either."
All of us laughed while we shook hands. I walked over and gave Carol a hug and whispered, "You don't have to tell Jim where you are going, just call me and disappear."
We smiled at each other as we stepped apart and I hugged Jim also, I know he wanted me to press my little titties against him. He hugged me to him and said, "I think I'm going to like coming out here."
I smiled and stepped away from him and said, "You're just a dirty ole man. But then again, where I come from, all the men are dirty ole men. Lake Erie produces a lot of wind for Cleveland. The dirty ole men sit on the street and wait for the wind to blow up our skirts so they can see our panties, that is, for the women and girls who wear panties. I never particularly like wearing panties unless I'm on my period."
That made Jim blush and Carol giggle as we walked towards the door. We stepped out on the porch, and snake was walking up the steps when a pickup truck pulling a horse trailer slowly passed by the house. Grandpa and I shook hands with Carol and Jim again before they got in their car.
Snake, grandpa and I walked towards the barn. By the time we got to the trailer the driver was out of the truck and walking towards us. He greeted both snake and spike (grandpa) and spike introduced me to the guy as Britt. I reached out and shook his hand, but his eyes were firmly planted on my titties. I still had ahold on his hand when I said, "I hope you aren't offended by my lack of shirt but I ain't runnin' up to the house to get one just because you might be."
"No ma'am, I ain't offended, I'm just not used to seeing a topless female. They sure are pretty."
"What I want to see is you open that trailer up so I can see my horse."
"Yes ma'am, getting' it right now as a matter of fact."
Spike and snake started laughing as spike said, "A domineering lil bitch, ain't she?"
Snake added, "You hired her boss, you gotta put up with her now."
While the guy was in the trailer spike said, "This here is a good horse, one of the best around. He's a descendant of Old Sorrel who was one of the top American Quarter Horse right here in Texas. Old Sorrel sired over a hundred horses for the American Quarter Horse Association (or AQHA).
When the guy backed my horse off the trailer, I walked over to him and reached up to rub him behind his ears. I took his lead rope and walked him around and watched his legs. He'd toss his head once in a while, but he was a fine-looking animal from what a city girl could tell. I mentioned to spike we had to go into town and get my saddle so we could go for a ride. I asked, "What's his name?"
The guy who brought my horse looked at the papers he had and said, "Dustin."
Snake said, "She's a natural spike."
Spike smiled and said, "I know snake, I know. Just something about her that completes the package. Ain't seen one like this come along in a long time. Not even sure a boy could keep up."
I walked Dustin into the barn and opened the door to the next stall in line. I walked him inside and took off the lead rope, filled his water bucket and pushed some hay into his rack. I walked back out and handed the guy the lead rope and thanked him for bringing my horse to the ranch.
He shook hands with spike and snake before he walked back to his truck and drove away. Spike looked at me and asked, "What do you want to do now Britt?"
"I wanna go to town. I want all of us to take a ride this afternoon. That means we have a few stops to make before we get back here."
"Yeah, as long as we're going to town, I want to stop by the bank and get you to sign a card."
"Frank, I need to pick up a few things in town too, I'll ride along with you and Britt. I need to take a quick shower and put on some clean clothes; I can be ready in fifteen."
"Take your time snake, there's no need to race. We have to go up to the house and get our shirts."
We walked up to the house hand in hand and grandpa asked, "Are you excited Britt?"
"Beyond words grandpa."
"Grandpa the papers we signed with Jim, why did you have him change the numbers to fifty/fifty? Don't you want to maintain the larger percentage of your estate?"
Britt, I wanted us to be equal because I have a feeling, no matter how hard times get, you've got enough fire in that pretty little ass of yours that you'll just dig in and fight back. I just don't know why; I just think my hunch is correct."
"That's the second time today you've called my ass pretty and little, the first time got me in trouble, are we going to start over again?"
"Still thinkin' about your ass over other priorities aren't ya?"
Anyway, Britt, after we stop by the bank and get your name added to the savings, CDs and the checking account, you'll have full access to all our money. All I ask is that you spend it wisely because I'm not going to put any limits on you. Between you and me, we are multi-millionaires, but I don't want you to spread that word around. Now do you see why I wanted so badly for your ma to hang around the ranch and take over some day?"
"Grandpa, I didn't have any idea this ranch and you were worth that much. I promise if there are any major expenses to be paid out, WE will make that decision together."
"That's what I want to hear. And now that you are here, I want you to consider hiring at least four people so snake and I can work, but not as hard as we have been. We'll take care of the barn chores for our animals and the hired hands will have to take care of their own animals. Plus, they will have to provide their own hay and grain for their horses unless we make a provision in their contract to cover the costs as part of their package or they can reimburse us for what their horses eat."
"The hired hands have to know ranching, bring their own horse and tack and they can bunk out in the bunk house or travel to the ranch each day. We can decide that when we interview them. I want Becky to come to work for us, to give you another girl here on the ranch. I hope you can persuade her to take our offer."
"So how do we get the word out that we are looking for hired hands?"
"When we go into town today, every place we stop, we'll mention that we are putting on four ranch hands. The word will spread easy through the grapevine. We don't need no ads around here."
We were upstairs in our bedroom and grandpa switched to pants instead of shorts and I questioned why he did that and all he said was, "Ain't nobody want to see these bony white legs of mine. They'll spend all day looking at your legs though."
I went to my old room and pulled one of my shorter tank tops out of the dresser drawer and held it up to me in the mirror. I remembered this particular top came just below my small titties and that's the look I wanted everyone to see today. I carried it back into our bedroom where grandpa was just finishing up putting his western shirt on and I helped him snap it.
As we walked downstairs, grandpa said, "We are going to eat in town since it's way past lunch time. He stopped by the office and pulled a few checks out of the check book and put them in his shirt pocket. We left the house and walked down to the barn where snake was waiting for us. I started to get in the back seat, but snake stopped me and said, "Ms. Britt you belong up there in the front seat, I'll sit back here."
I sat down in the seat, thought about taking off my shorts then figured, being topless was good enough for today. Grandpa fired up his big diesel engine and let it run a couple minutes before he shifted into drive and off, we went to town. Grandpa told snake we'd eat in town because we were busy during lunch.
As we drove along, grandpa told snake we'd signed the papers and I was now half owner of the ranch and the executor of his will. Snake sat in the back seat and soaked in all the information. I turned in my seat so snake could see my titties and said, "Don't worry snake, if anything ever happens to grandpa, you will still be on the ranch for as long as you want."
Grandpa said, "That's right Britt, the place wouldn't be the same without snake. But like we talked about before, I don't plan on going anywhere for a long time."
"I don't want anything to happen to you either grandpa. Like this morning, I'd be totally lost if anything happened to you. I love you with my heart and soul."
"I love you too darlin', you're an angel in disguise. I know Maggie is looking down on me and still has a helping hand in everything I do."
"Ms. Maggie sure was a good woman Frank. Plenty of fond memories of her." Snake added.
We rolled into town and I still hadn't put my top on yet, until grandpa pulled up in front of the diner where we ate the last time were in town. I slipped my arms in first and them pulled my shirt over my head. I pulled the material down to its limit and I could feel the bottom of my titties. Grandpa looked at my stomach and smiled before he said, "I don't know if this town is ready for you Britt, but then again, when snake first came to town, they weren't ready for him either. Let's go get some lunch."
We got out of the truck and walked into the little place and there rang out a chorus of "Hi Frank, snake and you too Britt."
I was surprised they remembered my name so soon, but then again, this was small, not the big city I was used to. We found a place to sit and I sat beside grandpa and snake sat across from us. The waitress came over and dropped off menus and took our drink orders. For the first time I wanted a Pepsi while snake and grandpa ordered iced tea. She came back with our drinks and we gave her our lunch orders.
Grandpa (spike) said to the waitress, "We are looking to put on four hired hands out at the ranch, please spread the word. They have to know ranchin' I don't want any greenhorns."
While we were waiting for our meals, one of the guys from another table came over and sat beside snake and started a conversation with grandpa and snake. However, his attention seemed to be focused on my chest. I could feel my nipples pop up under my top, so I figured that's what he was most interested in seeing. Grandpa told him we were going to be putting on four ranch hands so if he heard someone was looking and a decent person, to tell him to call.
When our lunch came, the guy, instead of leaving, moved his uneaten lunch over to the table we were sitting at and continued to talk to spike. I listened carefully but didn't hear anything that was really relevant to the reason he first came over to talk. I think he was just waiting for me to move one way or the other and get a free titties peek. We finished lunch and the guy kept talking so I excused myself and went to the lady's restroom. I peed and washed my hands slowly to make sure I took as long as possible. When I walked out of the restroom, I saw the guy still talking. As I passed the table, I stopped and said, "I'll be outside to see what's out there when you're finished."
I wasn't outside only a couple of minutes when the conversation ended, and spike got up and went to the counter to pay for lunch. Meanwhile, snake joined me outside. We opened the door to the truck and let out some of the heat. Spike came out and profusely apologized for not cutting the guy off sooner. Spike realized the guy was only interested in looking at me. We laughed and got into the truck and drove the short distance to the bank.
All of us went inside the small bank and Spike requested to see the manager, while snake went to the only window to do whatever business he had to do. The woman showed us over to the manager's desk and grandpa introduced me to him. We sat down and grandpa told the manager he wanted to add my name on all his accounts including the checking account. I had to produce my license as identification.
The manager called the woman over and told her to make a copy of my license and then pull all of Frank Campbell's account information. It took some time to prepare all the papers I needed to sign and by the time I signed my name to everything, I had writer's cramp in my right hand. We finished our business with the manager, and he shook my hand and welcomed me to their town and especially as a customer to his bank. Spike told the bank manager he was looking to put on four ranch hands so if he heard anyone was lookin' to give them our number and have them call. He said he wanted to put them on in the next week or so.
We stood up and found snake sitting in a chair near the door. When he saw us walking towards him, he stood up and we left the bank. Spike drove to the saddle and boot store. When we walked in the owner said hello to all of us and then asked us to follow him. We followed him over to the saddles and there sat this beautiful brown saddle with a hot pink leather strip of padding in the seat. He patted the seat and said, "Climb on Britt, let's she how you look on your new saddle."
I did as he asked me to and like the last time my shorts gapped open and I noticed he positioned himself, so he was at the correct angle to see into the leg of my shorts. The padding on the seat felt a lot better than the hard leather seats on the saddles I tried before. The matching tack was hooked over the saddle horn, all that was missing was the bit. Spike said he would pick out the one he wanted me to have.
The other items we selected from our first trip were set off to the side with grandpa's name on the pile. In the pile was my rifle scabbard, saddle blanket, set of chaps, leather belt with a silver belt buckle, a hat box with my grey Stetson, black stockman duster and spurs. The owner tallied up everything and grandpa wrote him a check. The owner helped us take everything out to the truck. The only thing we put inside the truck was my new hat.
Before the owner went back into the shop, spike told him about hiring the four ranch hands and to spread the word. He told the guy it was ok to give someone was interested in a job our phone number so they could call.
From that shop, snake had a place close by he needed to go so grandpa drove snake there and we waited in the truck, while snake went into the store. Grandpa asked me, "Are you feeling more like a cowgirl yet?"
"I laughed and said, "I can't wait to put on my new jeans and shirt and then stuff my feet into my new boots with the spurs on them, then top everything off with my new hat. We'll need to take a picture and send it to mom and dad. Show them their little girl has grown up."
Grandpa laughed and said, "We'll need to take a trip to the city and get a cell phone or two so we can take your pictures and send them to your ma that way. I think it's about time I start catching up with all the new stuff, what do you think Britt?"
"Grandpa, I know I'm a kid, a city kid but you know, I've never had much interest in cell phones. I was only interested in good grades in school and I didn't have time to be looking at some damn phone all day like the other girls. I mean they seem to never put them down. I wonder how they got any work done at all. But like you said, I guess it's time to catch up. Becky told me she had a cheap cell phone, but she doesn't carry it all the time. I guess they would be good for texting if we needed to communicate during the day or if someone has to get in touch with us and we aren't in the house to pick up the phone. But still, I wouldn't use it all the time, even if I had one."
"Grandpa, you said before we left that you sure hope Becky takes your offer. Is working the only reason you want her to come to our ranch?"
Grandpa looked at me for a second before he said, "Honestly? I want you to have someone your age nearby, so you have a girl to talk to. I know it must be hard on you to be young and living with two older guys. I want the best for you and I'm willing to do what I can to make your life easier. Your grandma and me worked very hard on the ranch and I feel a little guilty that we didn't have much of a life other than the ranch. I want more for you, that's why I'm gonna hire four more people so me, you, snake and hopefully Becky can have more time to ourselves."
"I want to train you to ride your horse and get you ready for the round up and I can't do that if I'm out fixing fence or doing something else on the range. When the round up starts we don't get home all the time, we have to sleep out on the range close to the cattle we'll be moving. Like I told you, there are some cowgirls that come in to help with the round up, so you won't be out there by yourself."
"I hope I'm not sounding like I'm inconsiderate, but I really have fallen in love with you Britt and I'd like to have you near me when it's possible. The only way to make it possible is to hire some hands to work and do the stuff we've been doing."
"I also love the fact that you can breathe new life into the ranch with your ideas. I really like the idea of having campers out by the pond. That was all your idea and if we can make it work, that would be great. I'll spend the money to have it made bigger and landscaped if there is enough interest in that type of camping."
"Here comes snake. Doesn't he drive?" I asked.
"Nope never had a license, that's why he walked all the way out to the ranch when he arrived. He doesn't want to drive either."
Snake opened the door and pushed a couple of large bags across the seat before he climbed into the truck and said, "Thanks for waiting you two."
"Only for you snake." Grandpa replied.
Grandpa asked, "Do either of you need anything in Kelsey's store?"
I reminded him that he needed to run in quick and tell Sarah that he was going to hire four ranch hands. He said, "Yep, I'll get right on it." He pulled up in front of Kelsey's store and said, "Be back in a minute."
When he came out of Kelsey's store, he drove directly to the gun shop. All three of us got out of the truck and wandered inside the store. We were greeted warmly enough, and the owner told me that I cleared the background check. He finished off by saying, "You can pick up your rifle today."
He set it up on the counter and told us he bore sighted the rifle so it shouldn't take too many shells to sight it in for me. Grandpa told him we needed five more boxes of shells, so I had plenty to practice with once I got it sighted in. Snake came over to the counter with a package of targets and said, "We're getting low." The only thing that grandpa had to write the check out for was the five boxes of shells and the targets. Grandpa told the gun shop owner about hiring four ranch hands in the next week, so if he heard of someone lookin' give them our number.
Snake bought some .243 shells for his rifle and some shells for his pistol. We waited for him to pay his bill and we all walked out together. Grandpa had me slide my boxed rifle under the saddle in the bed of the truck and put a few thing on top of it. He said, "We need room inside the truck for the cold stuff from the market. The rest can go back here."
Grandpa asked snake if he had any other place he needed to go and he thought for a moment then said, "No, Frank, I'm good."
We got back in the truck and drove down the street to the market. We went inside and I pushed one cart and snake pushed another. Grandpa put the majority of the stuff in the cart and I stopped along the way and picked up what I needed for the kitchen. Together we filled our cart and then I remembered, we were getting low on beer and water. I told him I wanted to get some raspberry wine coolers because they were good, but he'd have to buy them for me.
Grandpa turned to snake and said, "We need beer. As much as I like my beer in bottles, we need to get some cans for when we are out at the pond. I don't want anyone to have bottles out there so I guess we will have to suffer a little too."
Snake agreed with grandpa and said, "We can compromise and by some bottled beer for when we drink at the house and the canned stuff for out by the pond. How's that sound to you?"
Grandpa went back to the front of the market and got another cart and brought it back to where the beer was stacked, and he loaded it up with both canned and bottled beer. He even threw two cases of raspberry wine coolers that I had requested, up on top of the beer.
Grandpa asked if there was anything else, we needed and both snake and I shrugged our shoulders, so we headed for the checkout.
We made it through checkout and got everything separated and bagged. The cold stuff for inside the truck and the other stuff in the back. Before we left the checkout, grandpa told the cashier that he needed her to spread the word he was looking to put on four ranch hands in the next week. He also told her to give anyone interested our phone number. All three of us wheeled a cart out to the truck and unloaded them and then snake volunteered to push the carts back into the store.
One more time grandpa asked, "Do either of you need anything else while we are in town?"
Not hearing either me or snake say anything, grandpa hightailed it out of town for the ranch. As he was driving through town, I pulled my shirt over my head and sat back in the seat and said, "Now that's better."
As we rode along grandpa told snake we needed to take a day, real soon and drive into the city to do some shopping. Snake asked what we were going to get, and grandpa told him we were going to get some cell phones so we could be in contact with each other.
"You going high tech Frank?" snake asked
"No, snake, but I have decided that you and I have worked long and hard on the ranch and I'm going to hire some people, four people to be exact, to do the work we've been doing so we can relax a little. I don't mean we are going to stop working but we are going to be more supervisors than laborers."
I want to teach Britt how to ride or should I say, I want her to know how to ride my way and I can't teach her how to ride if I'm out working on the range every day. And I can tell you, you ain't going to be out there working if I'm not out there too. The way I see it, when we get the new hands trained, we are going to spend a lot of time in the saddle, riding with Britt."
"Ya got a great idea Frank. I can't wait to spend more time on my horse. He hasn't been ridden for a little while so it will take him some time to get back up to speed."
"I haven't had any time to ride my horse any more than you have snake. I think we need to take some time and ride the fence on horse back and if we find a major break, we can go back out with the truck and fix it. How does that sound to ya?"
When we got home, grandpa backed across the lawn right up to the steps of the porch. We got out and unloaded the groceries, the water and beer into the house. We re-stocked the refrigerator with beer and water and some wine coolers. I brought my new hat into the house and took it up to my room. We put everything away before we left the house.
When we were done in the house, grandpa drove around the shed and backed up to the stairs that went up to snake's apartment. We all pitched in and unloaded snake's groceries along with his beer and water, while snake put his stuff away. I looked around his apartment with snake's permission. I was impressed with his cozy place. We went down and moved the truck in front of the barn and grandpa moved a saddle rack over next to his and we put my saddle, tack and blanket on it.
He cleared off one of the large wooden pegs sticking out of a huge log type piece of wood inside the barn door. When I brought my chaps, rifle scabbard, and my duster into the barn, grandpa hung everything up on the wooden peg next to his and snakes stuff. It took us longer in town than we anticipated so it was late in the afternoon. Grandpa suggested we feed the animals before we went up to the house to get some supper. So, all of us pitched in and I suspect the animals were happy to eat a little earlier than normal.
It didn't take all three of us very long to go through and feed all the animals and when we finished, we walked up to the house. I asked the guys, as we walked, what they wanted for supper. They had no idea, so I said, "Ok, we're having spaghetti tonight. Do you guys prefer the gravy mixed into the spaghetti or separate so you can put it on your spaghetti yourself?"
"Ummmm ... sweetheart, you don't put gravy on spaghetti, you put spaghetti sauce on spaghetti."
"Oh, that's right, you two didn't grow up in an Italian neighborhood, did you?"
All of us laughed and said, "You see, you need this city girl around here to set you country bumpkins straight. Yes, you put gravy on the spaghetti. The "gravy" is made out of tomatoes with plenty of spices. It just so happens, you country people buy that stuff in a jar and ruin your dinner, oops I mean supper."
"If I ever get a good batch of tomatoes, I'll make you some homemade gravy that will curl your toes as if you were having the best orgasm of your life. Mom learned how to make it from some of the Italian ladies in the neighborhood and then she taught me how to make the good stuff. She makes it all the time, fresh and lets it simmer so all the spices and flavors marinate together. But for tonight, I guess I'll be stuck, using that stuff in the jar."
"Sorry Britt, we didn't mean to insult you. The city people have a whole different way about them and the way they cook. Not that it's bad, it's just the rest of us eat supper without any flair to it. We like it simple and fast because we are tired after a hard day out on the range."
"That's ok grandpa, it's a two-way street. I know, I grew up in the city and all I know is city habits and with Italian influences, need I say any more?"
"Now that I'm out here, I will have to learn the country ways. Tonight, should I mix the sauce into the spaghetti or let you put it on yourself? I've had it both ways and it doesn't matter to me."
"Speaking for myself, your grandma always mixed it together, but I'd like to try the other way tonight and put the sauce on my spaghetti."
"I second the motion made by the gentleman from Texas. I too would like to try the other way." Snake inserted.
"Listen you two," I said while laughing, "Don't go all Washington on me or I'll have to have mom send my book Roberts Rules of Order down here to keep you two in line."
All of us roared with laughter for a couple of minutes before I said, "If we are going to have supper, then I have to start cooking. Do you guys want a beer before I start?"
"Yes please." Rang out from both my guys.
I went to the refrigerator and pulled out two bottles of beer and took them out on the porch and handed one to each guy. I felt a hand squeeze my ass as I turned to head back in the house, so I stopped and said, "I'll give you a half hour to stop that, but you'll eat a half hour later."
Spike smacked my ass and said, "I love your ass darling, but my stomach is starting to growl."
"I know, the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Mom says that all the time."
"Ok, I'm going to cook now, don't disturb me again until I call ya."
I went into the kitchen and whipped up some sauce using more spices from the spice rack to make it taste more like homemade, which is impossible to do. But either way it wasn't going to taste like what it was when I dumped it out of the jar. The spaghetti was easy so while it was cooking, and the sauce was simmering, I set the table and put a hot plate down so I could set the pan of sauce on it.
When the spaghetti was cooked, I rinsed it under cold water and put it in a bowl and set it on the table with a spaghetti rake beside it. I hoisted the hot pan off the burner and set it on the hot plate. I called the guys to supper then went and took out three bottles of beer and set one by each plate. We didn't have any real parmesan cheese, so I put the boxed stuff on the table along with some additional spices I wanted to use. I figured I would encourage my guys to try some too.
We took our places at the table and grandpa said the prayer before we started to dig in. Snake and grandpa used their forks to get some spaghetti out of the bowl when grandpa said, "Hey the spaghetti is cold."
I smiled and said, "That's why you put all the hot sauce on it and mix it or however you want, to eat it. The sauce is really hot so be careful you don't burn your tongue."
I put some spaghetti on my plate using the spaghetti rake like I'd been taught since I was a little girl and then smothered it with plenty of sauce. I picked up the additional spices and sprinkled some on top of my meal and offered them to spike after I used them. He put some on his spaghetti and passed them to snake. I told them, "We don't have an Italian bread so, the regular bread will have to do for tonight. I'll get a loaf the next time we go to town so you can try that too."
The guys watched me wind my spaghetti on my fork and then dipped it in the sauce before going in my mouth. I watched them try to mimic me, but it was so comical I had to giggle. I said, "It takes practice, so if you want me to mix everything together next time, I will do that. It doesn't matter to me, like I said, I've had it both ways."
We ended up having a wonderful conversation with them asking me questions about my childhood and what it was like to live in the city. I was glad they were interested to learn about me growing up.
I watched both guys go back for seconds and by the time they finished, the bowl that once held the spaghetti was completely empty. There wasn't much sauce left over but there was enough to save for something else. Both guys complemented me on the sauce, but I reminded them the fresh homemade stuff would make them think they died and went to heaven.
The guys sat back in their chairs about the same time and said they were full. I told them, "I'm glad to hear that."
I stood up to clean the table off but both guys picked up their plates and brought them to the sink while I was drawing water to wash them. I started putting the dishes in the drainer and snake was right there to grab each one and dry it. Spike was behind me taking the dry plates and putting them in the cupboard where they belong. Needless to say, in no time at all, we had the dishes done, a bottle of beer in hand and the three of us headed for the porch.
Before I sat down, I let my shorts slide down my legs then picked them up and put them on the small table at the end of the swing. Spike and snake followed my actions and both of them were naked before they sat down.
I had picked up the portable phone as I walked through the living room. Once I was seated on the swing with my legs positioned for my guy's viewing pleasure, I dialed my mom's number. When she answered the phone I said, "Hi mom, it's Britt, how are you doing?"
Mom was surprised to hear from me, but she filled me in on everything that was happening in Cleveland. I listened to her like grandpa did when he had the phone the last time we talked to mom, near my right ear but not on it. In the still of the evening, both snake and grandpa could hear what she was saying to me. Once in a while they smiled when mom expressed her frustration about something in the city. Being a good daughter, I sympathized with her over some of the things she complained about.
She finally took a breath and asked me how things were going on the ranch. I smiled as I said, "Today is a big day for the Campbell Ranch, it has a new owner, well half owner or to say it right co-owners. Grandpa and I met with his lawyers this morning and we signed the papers making me half owner in the ranch. Isn't that great mom?"
We listened to mom being as gracious as she could in congratulating me on being a co-owner of the ranch.
I showed some excitement in my voice and said, "On top of that, my horse arrived today, and his name is Dustin. He is a descendent of Old Sorrel who was one of the top American Quarter Horses right here in Texas. He is beautiful mom. We went into town today and picked up my new saddle and all the other stuff I need to work the range. I'm going to get grandpa to saddle him up tomorrow so we can go for a ride."
"Oh, mom, I've been practicing with grandpa's .243 rifle and now I have one of my own. It's a .243 just like grandpa's rifle. I have a scabbard so when we do round up, I will have my rifle with me in case we come across some varmints as grandpa calls them. I can't wait to shoot my first varmint."
Mom tried her best to sound enthused as she congratulated me on my horse and getting a rifle to shoot varmints. She warned me to be careful with the gun. I assured her that grandpa gave me safety instructions before he let me fire his rifle and would probable give me more instructions.
I told her we were going to go into the city and grandpa was going to buy some cell phones so we could send her pictures of me when I get dressed up in my new country girl or cowgirl clothes with my boots and spurs on.
Again, we could hear the strain in mom's voice as she told me she couldn't wait to see pictures of me all dressed up. She said she would show the other ladies on the block my pictures when she got them.
Then I said, "Mom, the real reason I called you is to ask you a question about passing out during sex. I told her about enjoying sex with grandpa and ... well ... I don't remember much about what happened. Can I give grandpa the phone and let him explain it to you?"
Suddenly there was concern in mom's voice as she said, "Yes, honey, let me talk to my father and find out what happened."
I handed the phone to grandpa and he said, "Hello Brenda."
Mom was real pleasant as she asked, "What happened to Britt dad?"
"I know you know more about this stuff than I do, that's why I told Britt to call you so you can explain it to her. This morning I was giving her oral and she got really excited and apparently worked up a major orgasm to the point she squirted all over me and the bed before she passed out or blacked out or fainted. I don't know which. All I know was she was riding high and then nothing. She was out or non-responsive for almost ten minutes. I was holding her and calling her name, but nothing happened until she finally fluttered her eyes and asking what happened to her. She says she doesn't remember anything other than things started spinning and everything went black."
"Damn dad, you never gave me an orgasm like that. What were you doing before you started licking her pussy?"
"Well, the best I can remember, I told her she had a cute little ass and then one thing led to another and I ended up spanking her cute little ass, not hard mind you, but enough to leave some red handprints on her cheeks. Then I flipped her over and went face first into her pussy and attacked like ... well ... like I really love her and wanted to pleasure her the best way I know how. Things were going along nicely, and she was humping my tongue and then she squirted all over me, then just stopped moving. I thought her orgasm was over and she was resting because she was still breathing ok, fast and irregular but ok. But after a minute or so, I called her name and she didn't respond so I got up on the bed and saw her eyes were open, but nobody was home."
I picked her up and cradled her in my arms and started calling her name and the longer she didn't respond to me the louder I got. Snake was downstairs and rushed up to see what was wrong and both of us patted her hand and called her name. But when she was ready, her eyes fluttered, and she slowly came to. I mean my heart was in my throat because I've never seen a girl or woman do that before. I mean she was out of it."
"But when she came to, the first words out of her mouth was she had to pee. I carried her in the bathroom and she really did have to pee. Then I carried her downstairs and laid her on the couch, but she had to sit up and drink some coffee with us. Within a half hour we were putting on our boots and headed for the barn. Just like you were, she's a stubborn girl and insisted she had to go to the barn and help with chores. I stayed here this morning and did some of the chores so all she did was feed the animals."
"Like I said, I've heard of that stuff happening, but it's never happened to your ma, so I didn't know what exactly happened to her. But that's all the information about it. I hope you can explain it to her, so we'll know if it ever happens again. Britt told me in confidence that you and she have a no secret thing between you two. I hope I'm not violating that."
"No dad, you aren't violating anything. I'm so glad you told her to call me. I know you won't let anything happen to her and if I know you, you're probably stricter on her than I would be now that she's eighteen and out of school. Actually, I saw one of her friends the other day and she's going to have a baby and when I asked her if the father of her baby was going to marry her, she confided in me that she participated in a gangbang with ten guys so she has no idea who the baby's father is. All I can say is if Britt gets pregnant, she won't have to worry about who the father is, right dad?"
I snapped to attention as did grandpa and no one said a word which gave mom a chance to put one and one together before she said, "I hope you have the son you've always wanted dad."
Grandpa looked at me and I motioned for him to give me the phone. When he handed it to me, I said, "Mom, I'm back. How can you possibly come up with that conclusion when you are all the way out there in Cleveland and I'm a couple thousand miles away from you?"
"I'm your mother Britt. The way my father described what happened to you this morning and the love I clearly heard in his voice as he talked gave me a hint that he is in love with you. Then when he paused when I asked that question, I knew you are going to try to give him the son he's always wanted. I want you both to know that as hard as it's going to be to accept it, I give you my blessings and I look forward to enjoying my grandson when he arrives. The only thing I ask of you is that you keep me in the loop when you find out your pregnant. Have you thought about how illegal it is?"
"Yes, mom we have and because I was raised in the city where many of the girls in school dropped their panties for any guy and almost every guy, and one of them got her pregnant, I'm not going to have that problem."
"I will positively know who the father is, even if I won't be able to list him on the birth certificate. Yes, we've talked about all this and at first, he fought me all the way until I told him about not listing him on the birth certificate and that was legal because so many girls back home bragged about having fatherless babies, at school."
"We also discussed the fact that when our son gets old enough, we will explain our love for each other, and I do love him with all my heart mom, and why there isn't a father's name on his birth certificate."
"The best part is Dr. Lipstein told us about the HIPAA rules and since she is the only doctor and a midwife in the area, she will be the one to birth our child here in our home. No one but us will know except you, me, grandpa, snake and Dr. Lipstein."
"I see you have thought a lot about this haven't you Britt?"
"Yes, mom, I have. I love this man and I'm going to give him the son he's always wanted and maybe a daughter so the two of them can grow up together. Both you and I know what it's like to grow up as the only child, don't we mom?"
"Honey, did I ever tell you how much I love you?"
Grandpa signaled me to pass him the phone and when I did, he said, "Honey. Brenda, did I ever tell you how much I loved you and I still do with all my heart. I'm not trying to replace your mother because I've already told Britt that Maggie will always remain as my number one girl. If she wants me like she has professed, she'll have to accept being my number two girl."
When we heard mom's voice again, she was crying as she said, "Dad, I've always loved you and I love Britt just as equally. Dad, you have my blessing to go forward and try for your son and make me a grandmother while I am still young like you and mom were for Britt. I'm so sorry now for taking your granddaughter away from you and mom by being selfish and moving to the city far away from you. Will you ever forgive me dad?"
Grandpa had tears running down his cheeks and he choked up, but he was able to say, "Yes, Brenda. No matter where you are or how old you are, you will always be my baby girl. I am so damn proud of you being the person you are. You gave me a granddaughter just as strong willed as you were at her age, but she is the opposite of you. Thank you so much for giving me such a wonderful grandchild."
"Brenda, when it's time for Britt to give birth to our baby, I want you to be here with us to celebrate his birth. I want you to know your grandson."
"I will dad, I promise. I wouldn't miss that for the world. Both of you mean so much to me."
"Here talk to Britt again."
"I took the phone and said, "MOM, I love you so much."
"Britt, I'm so full of emotions now, my mind is ..."
I interrupted her saying, "I know mom, I feel the same way. I'm so far away from you, I wish you were here now so I could hug you and console you. But you know mom, you'd be hugging the naked me. I've stopped wearing clothes unless we have to go to town, or someone is coming over that we don't know."
"I am here for you Britt. Anytime you want to talk to me, please call me. You are my only baby and I love you as I'm positive your grandpa loves you. He is a very good man Britt, take care of him."
"I will mom. I love him with all my heart."
"Honey, I'm not going to say anything to your father about this conversation and I don't want you to either. When the time comes, we will welcome our grandchild into this world and celebrate the birth. If the question ever comes up, I'll handle your father. I need to get going sweetheart, your father will be home soon, and I need to get changed so we can get dinner."
"Mom, I love you and I appreciate you accepting my choice of my man. Goodbye mom, love you."
"Britt, I love you too, goodnight, love you."
I turned off the portable phone and looked at grandpa and snake. Grandpa stared at me and said, "How the hell did she do that?"
I was confused how mom came to her conclusion just like the other two sitting on the porch. All I could say was, "She's your daughter grandpa."
"The best part out of that whole conversation is when she blessed our relationship and she wants a healthy and happy baby from us. I agree totally. Oh, I just remembered, she never did tell you why you passed out this morning. Gheeeeezzzz, that girl ..."
"So now we can calm down and watch the sunset and enjoy the peacefulness of the ranch, unlike my mom."
There was silence for a while and as I moved back and forth in the swing l said, "One thing I'm not going to miss is the hustle and bustle of Cleveland. People move way to fast in the city and I've determined that I prefer this kind of life. It may be harder, but it is way better. That is if some son-of-a-bitch will turn the thermostat down."
Out of nowhere the guys started asking me more about my childhood. I gave them the best description I could of all the things I did through the years. Then they bombarded me with more questions. I had absolute fun telling them about the girl who was now naked, sitting on the porch of a Texas ranch with two older guys. That night we laughed at even the smallest things, while our friendship grew by leaps and bounds.
Grandpa reminded me that Bart Smith and his crew of girls would be coming out tomorrow to start the fireplace. I told him I remember and that wasn't going to change the way I dressed in the morning to do my chores. I told both my guys when Bart walked into the barn in the morning, he was not only going to see my small titties, but he was going to see my bald pussy as well. I told them I wasn't going to wear my shorts in an attempt to persuade the girls to work topless or naked out by the pond. I told grandpa and snake I wanted to finish my chores early but not to early so I could walk out to the pond and take a dip. I sat there and said, "If I go out there and go swimming, maybe the girls will join me, and I can convince them to invite their father into the water too."
"While I'm out there, I think I'll talk to Bart and see if he wants to bring his camper out to the pond for a few days and camp while he's building the fireplace. Do either of you know where we can find someone who has made picnic tables or would make a couple and bring them here."
"There is a carpenter in town." grandpa said, "I'm not sure if he makes picnic tables or not but I could call him."
"Would it be improper to call him now?" I asked.
"Not really," grandpa said, "If you want to get me the phone book, I'll look up his number and call him."
I went into the house and got the phone book out of his office and took it out to grandpa. I handed it to him, and he set the phone down and looked up the guy's number. He called him a few minutes later and told him who he was and asked if he could make a couple of picnic tables. The guy must have said yes because grandpa asked me, "How long do you think they should be."
I looked at snake who thought about it for a few seconds before he said, "Frank, I think they should be at least eight-foot-long for a tabletop and at least four foot wide. That way you can put the food down the middle of the table and have room on each side for people to put their drink and plate down."
Grandpa relayed the dimensions of the tables to the carpenter and he said, he could have them done tomorrow afternoon because he wasn't that busy presently. He said if we wanted them painted, it would be an extra day. He gave grandpa a final cost unpainted and painted so grandpa took the painted ones. The guy asked what color we wanted them painted and grandpa asked snake and me what color should the tables be painted. We decided on barnboard red or close to the color of a barn. Grandpa once again relayed the message and then thanked the carpenter. He told him to bring them out to the ranch when he had them finished. They said their goodbyes and grandpa disconnected the call.
I continued to swing slowly in the swing and both my guys were alternating between looking at the sunset and at my naked body. I loved being part of the evening scenery. But then I got an idea and said, "Hey, let's take a walk down the driveway."
Both guys looked at me but, in the end, they stood up and I stood up and away we went, with me in the middle, holding hands with my guys. We didn't go far, maybe we walked about fifteen minutes and then turned around and headed back to the house. As we neared the house, I stopped and hugged both of my guys at the same time. I filled my hands with an ass cheek from each of my men and I kissed one and them then the other, alternated back and forth. Each one of them massaged my ass cheeks while we stood together. I looked up at them and said, "Thank you for humoring me and taking a walk. I love both of you guys. We kissed a little more before we stepped apart.
Snake said it was time for him to head off to bed and dream about me, so the three of us walked until we were even with the porch before snake turned and kissed me again and said good night to both of us. Grandpa and I stood where we were and watched snake walk around the shed and disappear, before we turned and walked up on the porch. I collected the beer bottles and left the shorts on the porch. Grandpa picked up the phone and phone book and we walked into the house. I did what I normally do when I have beer bottles in my hand and when I walked back into the living room there was grandpa standing at the bottom of the stairs.
I stopped and reached my arms around his neck and said, "Kiss me lover boy, I need your love."
We stood there and kissed for a couple of minutes before I turned and headed up the stairs with grandpa close behind me. We made it to the bathroom where we took care of our business and brushed our teeth before we walked hand in hand into our bedroom. We got up on the bed and moved together for more kissing and wandering hands. I loved the feel of grandpa's calloused hands roaming all over my soft skin. His hands let me know I had a hard-working man in my arms, and not only did I feel loved, I felt safe. No boy my age could ever take the place of my man.
We made love, tender love to each other on this night and I was so overwhelmed with the love and caring my man showed to me. He made bells ring with the combination scintillation of nerve ends as both of us were luxuriating in every thrill. He was slow, he was gentle, he made me feel like a complete woman as I acquiesced his love for me. I knew immediately our love would be never-ending.
We slept soundly in each other's arms that night ...
TO BE CONTINUED:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** Please take a couple of seconds and vote for this story.
** Your vote rates the story/chapter and Literotica uses your votes to rate the authors.
****************************