This is a work of fiction. Unless otherwise indicated, all the names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents in this book are either the product of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is a story of a wife who thought she was happy and a husband who thought he wasn't. A husband who learned that what he said to his wife may not be the same as she heard. Hopefully, it may help some husbands to appreciate what they have and some wives to be a better women.
I was born and raised a Texas girl and now, because of work, I live in Georgia with my husband Wes. I wish I could describe myself as the image of every man's wet dream with nipples the size of extra-large gumdrops and a vagina of extraordinary proportions but that is not the case. I am 5'10" with long legs that have always made me feel self-conscious and out of proportion. A few years back I had the opportunity and means to have some cosmetic surgery done. One of the improvements was breast enhancement so that I am now a very full C cup. I felt this put me back in proportion and drew some attention away from my long legs. In addition, as I fast approach 40, I am still in particularly good shape. Since that time, I have tried to be more comfortable with my body and overall appearance but Wes continues to nothing to help my self-esteem.
However, that all changed when I was on a business trip for training in Ft Lauderdale, FL with a colleague named Sean. At this point I will have to digress and explain my relationship with Sean so that you truly understand and appreciate how my transformation took place.
Sean is retired military and on his second career at our facility. By the time I arrived there as a student, he was one of the senior technician and Sean became my mentor. Therefore, we spent a lot of time together and grew extremely comfortable with each other. Even after completing my training, since Sean was a senior technician, he was often assigned the big, important, or high visibility projects that required more than one technician, I would normally be assigned to assist him. Each year as a group, half of our unit would attend a work-related conference and attend outside training. Sean and I were almost always together. Most of our section were younger, single females. We would generally travel together during the class and for lunch. Sean and I were the only two married members of the group so rather than party hard with the singles at night, Sean and I ended up going someplace else.
During one of these trips, Sean asked if I knew the "Three River Rule", which means what happens three rivers away from home, stayed three rivers away. I said I had not heard of it, but it sounded like a good rule. As I said earlier, I had become extremely comfortable being with Sean. Not only was he attractive but also because he was interested, really listened to what I had say and was not judgmental. In addition, Sean is able to capture you with an intensity of his able eyes and voice and make you feel as if you are the only woman in the room. After agreeing to the Three River Rule, our conversations became more open and intimate, perhaps a little titillating and more flirtatious. I shared secrets and thoughts with Sean that I had never shared with anyone. I enjoyed being able to verbalize any and all my feelings and thoughts and knew that they would never go any further. However, I would be less than honest if I denied never having other less plutonic thoughts of him. I also enjoyed hearing Sean doing the same. It got to the point that even when we were home, if either of us needed to get something off our chest, we would go for a Three Rivers lunch or after work drink.
Due to our changing circumstances at work, Sean saw the training opportunity in Ft Lauderdale and knowing that it would probably be the chance for us to attend together, he asked if I was interested in the course. I said I was, so he arranged for us to attend the course which went from Monday through Friday (with Monday as the travel day) and the following Monday and Tuesday with Wednesday as the travel day. We both knew that this would be the last opportunity for us to travel together. As usual, I got the rental car and Sean made the flight and hotel reservations. He found a genuinely nice hotel on Las Olas Blvd in Ft Lauderdale. Las Olas Blvd is often referred to as the Rodeo Drive of FT Lauderdale and is just a great place to stay with really nice restaurants, boutiques, and shops.
We arrived on Monday afternoon early enough that Sean wanted to go to the beach, so we changed and headed to the beach. We no sooner pulled into the parking lot near the beach when it started raining with thunder and lightning. We turned around, headed back to the hotel and then just sat under the covered patio at the hotel. As we were finishing eating, it stopped raining so we decided to have a few drinks and people watch. While on our third Irish whiskey (Black Bush) and water, Sean said that I seemed a little more quiet than usual and asked what was up.
I said, "Do you remember when we were in Milwaukee, and I told you that Wes had no appreciation for money management and had maxed out our joint credit card?"
Sean said, "I remember and as I recall you said you were going to cut up his credit card."
I said, "I did cut up his credit card and made him put $300 a month on the card. Things were going along OK for a while and then Wes lost his job. He kept spending as if he were still working. But what really started bothering me was that now he was sitting at home, allegedly looking for a job, and doing nothing around the house. I was coming home, cooking, cleaning the house and doing the laundry. Then he had the gall to say that I seemed to have lost my interest in sex and that he always had to initiate sex and that I didn't seem very enthused. Well, no shit, I was exhausted all the time. And oh, by the way, instead of the good looking, in shape, smooth talking south Texas jock I married, he is now the overweight, balding, lazy stay at home husband."
Sean said, "Knowing you, I am sure that you have discussed this with Wes, so is the situation getting better, worse or staying the same?"
I said, "I am beginning to think that he is really losing it because he has been asking me to do some really weird stuff in the sexually."
Sean said, "Like what whips and chains, anal, group sex?"
I said, "He wants me to have sex with another man while he watches. In fact, he brought it up again during foreplay last night."
Sean asked, "Did you ask Wes why he would even consider asking you to do that?"
I said, "All he would say is that is a fantasy of his and he thought it would rekindle the sexual spark and make me more enthusiastic about sex."
Sean said, "It is not an uncommon fantasy and, in most cases, generally doesn't end well. From my perspective, the husband that actually has his wife do it, has issues of his own. He may feel that there is something he can't give his wife and so he wants someone else to do it, he wants to have sex vicariously through another man, or he wants to humiliate his wife. I suspect that in his mind, he sees his wife only having sex with someone else when he is present and that she will always be his. What he needs to appreciate is that once he lets that genie out of the bottle, there is no putting it back. When we get back to the rooms, I will send you a link to a story or two about wife sharing."
When I got back to the room, I checked my email and saw that Sean sent me several links to Literotica. He sent a fair representation of stories where husbands wanted to share and expose their wives as well as size matters. In some instances, the wives wanted to participate and others they didn't. Once on the site, I read several other contributions as well.
Tuesday
After class on Tuesday, we went to a really nice Italian restaurant, on the second bottle of red wine, Sean asked me what I thought of the stories he sent me.
I said, "Wow, even if a fraction of the contributions has any truth to them, there are a lot of husbands who want their wives to have sex with and show their bodies to other men. As well as a bunch of bored and dissatisfied wives."
Sean said, "All true but what do you think about it?"
I said, "Not one of the stories gave any insights as to the why so I am still kind of dumbfounded. I can remember when Wes would get jealous and would end up in fight if another guy paid too much attention to me or held me too tightly when we were dancing. Sex has been fun but never really that important or even on mind without some catalyst and I don't see that changing. I would be too embarrassed to expose myself because people would laugh at my weird body proportion. As for the size matters idea, that is an urban legend, not to mention that greater than average size is not that common."
Sean said, "Very interesting, but I have learned to never say never, to not say you like or dislike anything until you have tried it, and to judge until you have walked in the other lady's shoes. Have you had a love making session last an hour or have had more than two orgasms in one session? Have you ever had an insatiable lust for someone?"
I said, "No! Lasting less than 10 minutes and no orgasm is more like it. I can't even imagine an insatiable lust for someone."
Sean said, "Then you have not really made love. When your partner provides the combination of physical, mental, and emotional input, sex will become an especially important and special part of your life. It's funny you should mention people not wanting to see your body because at the last picnic Jenny (Sean's wife) mentioned that it appeared that you were not comfortable in your bathing suit and seemed to lack a lot of self-esteem about your body and appearance. We agreed that you would probably be a knockout with little or no clothes on and it was a shame you didn't seem to realize it."
Sean moved over next to mine in the booth and said, "As for the urban legend, I am going to put myself in jeopardy here. Let's look as that scientifically. Your hypothesis is that well-endowed men are not common and size doesn't matter. What does the scientific method say we should to try to disprove your hypothesis?"
I said, "Gather information."
Sean said, "Are you willing to participate in an experiment?"
Not knowing where he was going with this, I said, "Sure."
He took my hand and put it on his upper thigh. I felt his thigh and I wasn't sure what else. He kept my hand on his thigh and moved to close to his knee. I couldn't believe that what I was feeling as his penis. I asked him, "Is that really your penis?"
He said, "Yes and if you keep your hand on it, I will get hard and it will be embarrassing when we try to leave."
I took my hand away and Sean moved back to the other side of the booth. He looked at me and said, "I apologize. I shouldn't have done that. Are you upset?"
I was not upset but my mind was whirling. I never imagined that Sean was that well-endowed or that I would even know it. I also kind of intrigued that he admitted to finding me attractive, I replied, "No, it was an experiment, right?"
Sean paid the bill and we explored a little more of Las Olas Blvd. We didn't talk much because I was in information and sensory overload. When we got back to the hotel, Sean started walking to the elevator. I stopped him and said, "Let's have a drink."
While we were having our Irish whiskies, I said to Sean, "I have a hypothesis that you were just being kind to me when you said you found me physically attractive so we need to gather more information. How about you show me yours and I will show you mine?"
Sean looked at me and said, "Bailey girl, I would like nothing more, but we have both had too much to drink. How about you think on it tonight, I will discuss it with Jenny, and we will talk about it tomorrow night?"
With that we called it a night and we went to our rooms. I could not get everything out of my mind. After I took a long hot shower, for the first time in an awfully long time, I got into bed and masturbated to orgasm.
Wednesday
After class on Wednesday, we just ate at the hotel patio bar. We made small talk about the day's training. After eating, I got us each two double Black Bush with ice on the side. Without having to be asked, I told Sean that all I could think about last night and today, was my offer and I still want to conduct the experiment.
Sean said, "OK then do me a favor and go into the ladies' room, take off your panties and give then to me."
With some hesitation, I did what he asked. When I gave the panties to him, he felt how wet they were and smelled them. He smiled and said, "OK. Let's go upstairs. When you get to your room, take off all your clothes and put on the hotel robe. Give me about 10 minutes and then come to my room."
After getting to my room, I took a quick shower, put on some make up and the hotel robe. Even though Sean's room was across the hall and three doors down from my room, I was extremely nervous leaving the room wearing only the robe. When I knocked on Sean's door, I expected him to open the door and let me in. Instead, he cracked the door and said, "Open your robe."
Now I was really nervous but slightly aroused and opened my robe. Sean said, "I guess you are really serious." He then told me to take off the robe. I almost chickened out but took off the robe. I was standing in the hall totally nude when Sean opened the door. He was standing in the door totally nude as well. I was shocked to see him standing there with a huge erection. When we heard the elevator opening, he stepped into the hall and pulled me into his room.
After closing the door, Sean asked if I wanted a drink. I told him I would love one and took a seat in the reading chair in the room. As Sean prepared the drinks, my being nude was forgotten as I watched Sean and was mesmerized by his hard, swaying penis. He brought the drinks to where I was sitting and set them on the small reading table next to the chair. He slid the foot stool for the chair, so it was in front of me and sat down. He put his feet between mine and spread my feet apart. Then he put his knees between mine and spread my thighs apart so that I was totally on display. I was aroused before but now I was beginning to enjoy being exposed and looked at.
Sean said, "Bailey, look at me." When we had eye contact, he said, "You are more fantastic than I ever imagined. Every part of you is perfect and should be worshipped. Can you put your legs over the arms of the chair?"
I thought I was on display before but with my legs over the arms of the chairs, there was nothing hidden. Sean said, "Can you pull your pussy lips apart so I can get a really good look at you?" My mind was no longer controlling any part of my body, so I was just doing what Sean asked. I was so slippery I really couldn't hold onto my lips so I just held it open with both hands. Sean then told me to pull the hood of my clit back and expose it. Of course, it was already exposed but when I touched it to slide the hood back it was like an electric shock went through me. I looked at Sean and he was totally focused between my legs. Never in my life had I ever felt such a focus of anyone's attention and I really enjoyed it.
Sean said, "Give me your hand." He took my hand and put two of my fingers in his mouth. He said, "You smell wonderful and taste even better." This further shocked me because Wes always said that he didn't care for how I smelled when we had sex and had never tasted me. He always said that real men don't go down on women.
I took my hands away and put them on his biceps, ran them across his chest, over his pecs, down his stomach to his cock. Rather than detract, the scars he had on his right shoulder and bicep just added character. I said, "I never imagined that you are such a hard body and that something this perfect ever existed."
I now focused on his cock. It was as long as my forearm, hard as steel, and silky smooth. He was circumcised and the head was a dark pink. He had absolutely no pubic hair so there was nothing to mar the beauty of his anatomy. I knelt in front of him and took his cock in both hands and stoked it. I rubbed it on my breasts and against each nipple. I closed my eyes and rubbed it on my neck and all over my face. I opened my eyes and looked at Sean's cock and had the strongest desire to kiss it and lick it.
I was getting ready to try to put the head in my mouth when Sean said, "You better stop because tonight is your night to be worshipped and pleased. Can you turn the bed down while I get some towels?"
Sean put the towels on the bed and told me to lie on my stomach and relax. He straddled my hips and began massaging my shoulders. His hands felt wonderful as he gently squeezed with his finger and made little circles with his thumbs. But the feel of his balls resting on my pussy and his cock sliding up and down the cleft of my ass felt even better. As he worked his way down my back and started to include the sides of my breasts, his cock went lower toward my pussy. When I felt the head of his cock against the opening of my pussy, I started to involuntarily hump my hips trying to get him to enter me.
Sean spread my legs and moved from straddling me to kneeling between my legs. He hands moved down and he started to knead my ass cheeks. His ever-present circling thumbs were spreading me open and moving closer to my anus and pussy. Finally, he was gently messaging the junction of my body and legs, very close to my pussy but never touching it. I was moaning and moving my hips trying to get his thumbs in my pussy when he stopped and moved down to my feet. He started massaging my feet and hit spots that when directly to my pussy. He massaged his way up my calves and started working on my thighs. He kept his hands on the tops of my legs and started to make circles with his thumbs on the insides of both thighs. As he got closer to my pussy, he was applying more pressure until he was again massaging the juncture of my legs and body. He was teasing my pussy and had me in a state of arousal that I had never experienced before. His thumbs were running from right next to my anus, across the perineum and then along my pussy until he was squeezing outside my clit between his thumbs. My breathing and pulse rates went crazy. The next thing I knew my body was contracting tightly into an orgasm.
As I lay there trying to recover, he rolled my over and started to kiss my neck. Sean began to kiss his way to my chest and began lightly kissing all of my breasts. My nipples were hard and got even harder, almost to the point they hurt. He took a nipple in his mouth and started sucking on it. I pulled his head tighter to my chest. He started to suck very hard and to gently bite the nipple. He finished with one and did the same to the other. While he was taking care of my tits, he was gently stroking my pussy by running a finger up and down each side if my pussy while just touching the hair around my slit but never actually touching any of my pussy. I was so aroused I could not feel my fluids running down the crack of my ass and soaking the towel. Sean started moving from my breasts, kissing his way to my navel and then crawled between my legs. I could not believe that he might be actually going to go down on me. Finally, I felt him kissing and licking round my pussy. He started to lightly lick my pussy from bottom to top. Then he sucked one pussy lip into his mouth and licked it with his tongue. He moved over and did the same to the other lip. Then he stuck his tongue in my pussy and started to fuck me with his tongue. He did this routine several times until he had me moaning and bucking my hips. Sensing that I must be close to another orgasm, he took my clit into his mouth and, while sucking on it, he rubbed it with his tongue. It didn't take long until I had another powerful orgasm. I pulled him up to me and kissed him, tasting my juices and getting them all over my face. A week ago, I would have thought this was disgusting. Now all I could do was tell him I needed him in me.
Sean said, "You aren't ready to be fucked yet. I still need to get you ready to enjoy it."
I was not just ready to be fucked but had a more primal need to be breed. I said, "I am so ready. Please fuck me. I will do whatever you want as long as you fill me with your cum."
With that he just smiled at me and knelt between my spread legs. He told me to look at him and the then he took his thumbs and put them in my pussy. He started to spread my pussy open and rub the inside of my pussy, while the web of his thumb and hand made contact with my pussy lips. He did this until I was again moaning and humping his hands. He took his thumbs out of me and started to finger fuck me with one finger. He put in two fingers and continued to slowly slide his fingers in and out of me. When he put the third finger in me, he sensed it was starting to stretch me and hurt so he backed off a little and gradually allowed my pussy to adjust to the penetration until all three fingers were fully inserted. The he rotated his hand so that he could apply pressure to my G spot. When he hit it, I began to hump his hand even more. He took his hand out and I whimpered for him not to stop.
He kissed me and said, "Just relax and let me do the work."
He put his three fingers back in me and started to again slowly slide them in and out of me but as he as was withdrawing, he would spread his fingers apart. Once he was sure I was relaxed, he started to put four fingers in me. This was really tight and pretty painful, but again he withdrew and slowly began the penetration at his fingertips working up to the joints until had add his four fingers fully inserted. Now that my pussy had stretched to accommodate Sean's hand I could finally relax and enjoy being stretched and filled beyond what I had ever been before.
Sean slowly finger fucked me with all four fingers and we developed a rhythm of his sliding his fingers into me and me meeting his thrusts. Sean reached in to apply pressure to my G spot with his fingers and started to massage my clit with his thumb. At the same time, he was rubbing my perineum with one finger and my anus with another. This all brought me to the most earth-shattering orgasm of my life.
Before I could fully recover, Sean knelt between my legs and started to rub the head of his cock up and down the length of my pussy. Finally, I was going to have him in me. As he started to push the head of his cock into me, the combination of pain and pleasure was exquisite. He laid on me and started to kiss me as he kept working his length into me. Each time I felt more of him in me I was thinking it can't get any better than this but it did. As he filled me and went deeper than I even thought possible, it was more enjoyable. After he stretched me so we didn't have to make such an effort to get him inside me, we got our rhythm so I would rise up to me him when he was going in and back away clamping his cock as he withdrew. He would pull all the way out so I would get the full sensation of his cock head entering me and then filling me. It was the most enjoyable sex I had ever had. Then without warning, the orgasm hit me. It wasn't like any I had ever experienced before. My entire body spasm to include my pussy. It didn't stop but continued to spasm. It was like an orgasm that was not going to stop. My body felt like it was on fire. I was sweating and breathing like I had just finished a marathon. Tears were running down my cheeks and something was gushing out of my pussy. He switched from a slow and gentle in and out to a fast, hard pounding. All I could do was to hold on to Sean with my arms and legs. I felt Sean ram into me and stiffen then felt him pulse inside me. As he kept cumming, it was like a physical and emotional dam burst within me. My body relaxed with every muscle and nerve at rest. Emotionally. I felt totally relaxed, happy, satisfied, and fulfilled. I hugged and kissed Sean with a passion I didn't know I had and for the first time in my life, I felt complete with no pieces missing.