The weather changed overnight and it was cool and rainy Sunday morning. Gretchen slept in before spending a lazy morning puttering around her apartment. Petra called her and said she would be by in the early afternoon to pick her up. Gretchen took a shower, making sure to shave any stubble that had grown around her pussy, and got dressed to run some errands. When she got back, she made sure to strip again, made herself a salad, and then surfed a bit waiting for Petra. About 2:30 the doorbell rang, and Gretchen buzzed Petra up. She grinned at Gretchen when she saw that Gretchen was naked.
"Still not dressed? Let's go, we've got things to do, people for you to flash."
Gretchen laughed nervously, but pulled on panties, jeans, bra, and a t-shirt. As she got her shoes on Petra looked in her closet. She came out with a 3/4 length raincoat, saying that it was raining out. They went downstairs and ran through the rain to Petra's car. As they drove across town, Gretchen asked what they were doing. Petra told her not to worry, but that Gretchen needed to strip down and only wear the raincoat.
"You weren't kidding about the flashing, were you -- I'm gonna be like some guy in a trench coat," Gretchen laughed. Petra just smiled mysteriously. Gretchen dutifully peeled off her clothes, and wrapped the raincoat around her. The fabric felt rough on her bare breasts, and she felt her nipples harden. Soon Petra pulled into the parking garage of the Museum of Art. Gretchen had not been here in ages. It wasn't a big one like Chicago or New York, but it did lend some culture to the city, and as she remembered, it had some decent stuff.
They got out of the car and started walking to the museum. Gretchen was instantly excited just from the walk. The feeling of the wind blowing up on her recently shaved sex was incredibly intense, and the feeling of the raincoat liner on her nipples kept them hard and sensitive. They got into the museum, and Petra showed a member's card to get them both in. Gretchen had no idea that Petra was a member. One more hidden side to Petra. The museum was quiet, and they often had a gallery to themselves as they walked.
In the third gallery they entered, Petra stopped and stared at a painting of a nude woman. She whispered in Gretchen's ear. "Wait until we're alone here, and then go stand next to that painting and flash me." Petra pulled a camera out of her purse and they waited about 30 seconds, and the room was empty. Gretchen walked to stand next to the painting, turned to face Petra, and opened the coat, flashing her boobs and pussy. Petra snapped off a couple pictures, smiling at Gretchen. In the next gallery it was a still life of flowers that Petra wanted in the picture. She told Gretchen to spread her legs wide for that photo. The next time Gretchen stayed facing the wall and lifted her coat over her waist and thrust her butt out as she looked over her shoulder back at the camera. All the posing and sexiness was turning her on, and the poses got increasingly dirty. She squatted down with her knees spread wide showing her sex. She cupped her breasts, holding them out to the camera. She bent over and used her hands to spread her butt cheeks. She was flushed red, and knew she was gushing wet from all the excitement. The anticipation of waiting for the room to empty, of finding a room with no security, made it all the more exciting. There were a couple of times where people might have caught them, but other than some funny looks, no one said anything to them.
They found a room with a nude statue in it, and Petra said it would be great for her to have the same pose. Gretchen was very nervous about leaving her coat with Petra. What if someone walked in? It would take a long time to get back and get her coat on. After a lot of discussion, Petra talked her into it. They waited until the room was empty and Gretchen peeled off her coat, handed it to Petra, walked to the statue, and assumed the same pose. Petra had snapped of two or three photos when a man in a security uniform came into the gallery. Gretchen was horrified. She ran to Petra to get her coat, but the guy had clearly seen everything.
"Excuse me ladies, I'm sorry, but you can't do this here," the guard explained, "this is a family museum." Thankfully, he didn't seem angry. He was a young guy, maybe college age, and he seemed uncomfortable that he was having to ask them to stop. Petra immediately launched in to a totally bogus story about being an art student, and that she was doing this as an art project. Nudes with nudes, that kind of a thing. The guard listened to Petra, but he kept staring at Gretchen. Eyeing her cleavage, or looking over her bare legs. He clearly was conflicted, part of him needing to do his job, part of him interested in seeing more of a naked Gretchen . After Petra went on for a while about how important this project was to her, he seemed to crack.
"I'll tell you what," he said, "I think it's a cool project. Maybe I can help you out. I can go to each gallery, make sure there isn't another guard there, and watch out for people coming. I don't mind you doing it, but if people see you I could get fired, so you need to only go when I say. Okay?"
"Oh thank you Tyler!" Petra gushed, getting his name from his nametag, "that would be so awesome." Gretchen smiled at him shyly, which made him smile back awkwardly. He was kind of cute in a nerdy kind of way, Gretchen thought to herself.
They quickly worked out a pattern. Petra and Tyler would walk into a room and talk about where the best place for Gretchen to be naked, they would wait until the room was empty, and Gretchen would go pose for the photo. Often Petra would have Gretchen take her coat completely off, and the first time that happened, Tyler offered to hold it. That meant that Gretchen had to walk over to him completely naked to get it back. From then on, Tyler became her coat holder on every shot.
Petra continued to put her in lewd poses. The worst was when she had Gretchen pose on all fours on a bench looking back at the camera, her knees wide apart and showing pretty much everything to the camera, and to Tyler. Between poses, he started to chat her up, and Gretchen flirted with him, enjoying the attention, and feeling very sexy. He asked if she was model full time, which made her laugh, and she explained she was just doing this for Petra's project. He told that she was beautiful, and that she should consider modeling more. Gretchen told him he was sweet.
After a dozen more pictures or so, Petra announced they were done. She said goodbye to Tyler, and Gretchen reached up and gave him a hug, making him blush. They had walked 20 feet or so when he asked them to wait.
"Hey Gretchen, would you ah... could I get your number? Maybe we could go to lunch or something, sometime," he stumbled out awkwardly.
"Yeah, I guess," Gretchen smiled, figuring what the hell, "although just so you know I don't dress like this normally." He blushed beet red, but they exchanged numbers and then Gretchen and Petra left. They got back to the car, and Petra drove them out of the garage.
"You seemed to enjoy Tyler's attention," Petra commented, "will you go out with him if he calls?"
"He was kinda cute," Gretchen answered distractedly, still coming off her high from being exposed, "I probably will. Usually I don't get naked in front of a guy before the first date, but hey... it's a crazy week."
"So what are we doing now?" Gretchen asked after a long pause.
"We're done, I'll take you home," Petra said curtly.
"That's it?" Gretchen couldn't hide her disappointment.
"Hey I would have thought giving Tyler that show would have been enough for one day." Gretchen realized that Petra was actually annoyed with her. Was she jealous? Had Petra been interested in Tyler? Gretchen figured she did that often to Petra, attracting all the attention. But hell, in this case, Petra had made Gretchen get naked in front of the guy, what did she expect? Gretchen wasn't sure what to say, so she just stared at her hands.
After another long pause, she thought she'd change the subject. "So, what are we doing tomorrow?"
Petra didn't answer for a while, clearly struggling to express herself. Finally she started, "look, why don't we call this whole thing off? You've proved your point. You're definitely not vanilla, you don't need to do anything to prove yourself to me." She sounded sad as she said it.
Although Gretchen would have thought she would be relieved to get out of the full ten, she was actually disappointed. "No," she blurted out, "you can't do that, I need you." Gretchen winced inside, knowing she was being more honest than was maybe wise, but she really did not want this to stop.
"Need me?" Petra asked quietly, almost like she wanted it to be true, but didn't quite believe it. "Why?"
Gretchen took a deep breath. "I've discovered a new side of me this last week, and I really like it. But I can't do it without someone pushing me. I need you to make me do some of this stuff I would just never do it on my own. Friday night I thought I'd order a pizza and answer the door naked, but I just couldn't do it. I wanted to, but without you I chickened out."
"Maybe you should just get Tyler to do it," Petra said, a little cattily.
"Him? He's cute, but come on, he's a kid. And he doesn't know me like you do. There's no one else who would do this for me. Please. Pleeeze?" Gretchen couldn't believe she was begging for this, but she didn't want it to end.
Petra smiled, and seemed to feel better. "Okay, okay, I'll do it," she rolled her eyes in an exaggerated way. "We're doing a big release tomorrow, so I've got to go work tonight, and I'll be working until late tomorrow. How about we catch a late movie?"
They agreed to meet up late Monday evening, and Petra dropped Gretchen off at her place. Gretchen gave her a hug, glad they had gotten through whatever was bugging Petra. She got out and was almost to her front door when she realized that she was still just in the raincoat and had forgot her clothes. Petra had driven off, so it was too late to get them today.
Gretchen went up to her apartment and spent the evening hanging around naked. She often found herself at her computer watching the videos of herself. She kept going back to the one of her masturbating after she had shaved her pubic hair, where she had her finger in her rear. The whole thing was just so perverted, and the girl in the video seemed so animal, so sexual, it was hard to believe it was Gretchen. She found herself copying the pose again, and bringing herself off. What was she turning into?