Hey everyone, this is Sujatha, a 45-year-old professor currently teaching at a college in Chennai. A little bit about my background, I've been married for nearly two decades to my husband, who works in the private sector industry and have a wonderful daughter, who is now 18 years old and in her final year of high school. In terms of appearance, I take pride in maintaining a healthy lifestyle. With a fair complexion and a body size of 36-28-36, I've often been considered good looking despite reaching the age of 45.
I have always been quite a sexually active person. I have had quite a slew of boyfriends with whom i have done a lot of new and interesting things, before settling down with my now husband. Im also quite an exhibitionist and loved showing myself off whenever possible. Well Im not the most perfect wife i have had a few mishaps here and there were I ended up having sexual relations with a few other people when i was married but nothing too serious. The sexual spark that we had during the initial years of my marriage faded and went from daily sex to monthly once or twice after a few years. Basically my sexual life took a dip recently and honestly my life has just been a boring mundane thing. Well that all changed that one day.
Rakesh is a pre final year student in my college and he has a course under me. He is a dark skinned hunk with a toned body. He is not the brightest in class and always falls behind in studies barely passing some of his previous course. He is also not the most behaved person and often gets into trouble with the college. There was this one time he got caught distributing drugs to his batchmates and the other time when he punched a security guard. I have always had an eye for him this semester. Not really sure why him, every class i would stare at him a bit and fantasize about us doing some nasty things right there in the classroom in front of everybody. And one day i felt i want to do something more, something risky and something exciting. I want to do him.
To push the boundaries even further, I made a bold decision. I crafted an email addressing his subpar performance in one of our recent exams, urging him to prioritize his studies. To emphasize my point, I attached three provocative photos. These images depicted me in various states of undress, each one revealing more than the previous. In one photo, I posed wearing only a bra and panties, while in another, I bared my naked upper body with my fingers strategically covering my nipples. The most daring of all was a picture of me topless in my college classroom, discreetly concealing my breasts with my hand. I purposely made sure my face was clearly visible in all the photos, as I wanted them to possess a sense of authenticity. Additionally, I found the added element of risk to be enticing. With these seductive images firmly attached, I proceeded to send the email to him. However, shortly after, I cunningly sent a follow-up message claiming that the attached images were sent by mistake and were intended for someone else. I instructed him to disregard them completely. In a sly move, I also arranged for him to meet me in my office after class the following day, cautioning him to keep the email confidential and not to disclose its contents to anyone else.
Now that this was done I was just waiting for his reply. It took about 3 hours but i finally got a reply from him and i was quite surprised by the tone. The email said "I understand I didn't do well in my test and I won't share the photos but if you want me to meet you tomorrow I would prefer if you asked me nicely.".I was quite taken aback but i enjoyed where this was going. I sent him a reply saying "Im very sorry about that. Can we please have a meeting tomorrow after class to discuss further about your performance.". I got a reply soon saying "Sure, this is better". Now with this done I can't wait for tomorrow.
I got ready for my classes. I was wearing a low waist saree and a backless blouse excited about my class with Rakesh which was our last class of the day and was in the evening. I adjusted my pallu a bit to show some of my navel and be as sexy as possible during his class. The class went by normally for a bit and in the middle of the class I asked Rakesh to go to the last bench to sit alone. Then I went to him hoping to tease him a bit, when the rest of the class was busy solving a problem.
"Hello Rakesh, I hope you are doing well. I see you have received my email yesterday" I leaned forward to him accidentally making my pallu fall down revealing my navel to him. I then adjusted it after he got a good look.
"I did mam and was hoping to have a fruitful conversation today. I really enjoyed the pictures too." He replied
"The pictures weren't meant for you so please delete it. We will talk more on your performance after class." With that I brushed myself on him before going to my seat in the front. The class was done and I went to my cabin which was in a separate block where all the professor cabins are for my department and I was waiting in my room with excitement on what was about to happen. Rakesh came after an hour. We had a discussion for a few minutes about his performance. Then I left the room saying I needed to use the restroom which was a few rooms away from my cabin. I tried to make myself look sexy by adjusting my dress and exposing my navel almost entirely.
When I came back I was utterly surprised at what was there. There were 3 A4 sized photos, the ones I sent him stuck on my back wall with him sitting on top of my desk.
"What is the meaning of this?" I shouted.
"Stop shouting, I don't prefer to be shouted at by someone like you. Now I know what you want and why you sent such nice pictures to me. Let's drop the act. Now let's have some fun shall we. Kneel down."
I was taken aback a bit but I really liked where this was going. I knelt down on the floor ready to be his submissive and do whatever the handsome boy sitting on my table wants me to do.
"Sorry for shouting at you, I won't do it again."
"That's better. Now why don't you do something to show me how much you are ready to do for me. Prove that you really want me"
I haven't had a release in quite some time and I'm really horny right now. I really wanted his dick slamming my pussy. My horny side took over.
"I really want you and I'm ready for anything you want. Today's class really got me horny and I'm ready to do anything just to see your dick. Please give me the honors of having your dick in me. I'm begging you." I said. Never thought i would be in my cabin on my knees begging a student to fuck me and use me however he wishes.
"So I can do anything for you. You really want a piece of this dont you but that isn't going to come cheap. I already have a lot of sluts out there ready to spread their legs when asked. Your old ass better make it worth my time. Are you prepared to submit?"
I didn't think I was much of a submissive but I really liked the fact of being his submissive and be used by him however he wants. I want to be his submissive doll. I'm getting wet just thinking about all the things we can do.
"Yes, daddy. I want to submit to you and be yours to use however you want."
"That's good slut. I also like it when you call me daddy, so call me daddy whenever you are around me. In class or when others are around you can call me Rakesh."
"Yes daddy, I will." I feel so slutty right now. A 45 year old college professor submitting to her student and also calling him daddy.
"Now I want you to do something to show that you are really into this. I want you to crawl slowly towards me and come here. I want you to kiss my shoes. Show that you are ready to be my slut." He took his camera and started recording the whole ordeal.
Thats extremely degrading and humiliating. I have to kiss my students shoe who is half my age and he was going to have a proof of this whole act. But I want to please Rakesh. I want to be his slut. As horny as Iam right now I would do anything he tells me. This is just more tame. With that I started crawling slowly and seductively towards him. Once I was there I wanted to show him I really was his slut. Instead of giving just a peck I started smooching his shoes. I was alternatively smooching both his shoes for almost 2 minutes.
"That's good slut i think this should do. I can see you got really into kissing my shoes."
"Yes daddy I really loved kissing your shoes"
"So let's see you naked. You sent me the pictures to entice me right let's see what you have under there."
I didn't expect such a direct order asking me to strip naked completely. I thought there would be more foreplay. Nevertheless I started to remove my dress slowly and seductively starting with my pallu, then my saree, then my petticoat, blouse, bra, and panties. During the whole strip he didn't say a word he was just looking at me with his phone still recording everything.
"Now crawl over here and unzip me. I want to see how good your old ass is in sucking my dick."
I immediately crawled towards him swaying my naked ass, unzipped him and started sucking him off.
"Get it in there slut i want to see you take the whole thing.". With that i tried to get it in as much as i can but only managed to get three fourth of his enormous 10 inch dick. God I loved his dick. I felt like I was in heaven finally getting a chance to be with Rakesh. I really loved that he treated me as his slut. This is turning me on.
"I'm going to cum slut. Im gonna cum on your face. Kneel down slut."
With that he splashed his large amounts of liquids on my face covering it completely.
"Now leave your face as it is and dont clean it until you leave for home. Well I think I'm almost done with you today. Ill give you a task. You see these three pictures on the wall, the ones you sent me, I want you to take these pictures and dispose it in the trash can that's down the hall. You will be doing this just as you are and I want you to take a selfie with you kneeling near the dustbin and send it to me."
That's pretty extreme. I didn't think he would ask me to do something so daring. The dustbin is along the hallway and is around 20 steps from my cabin. On the bright side I don't think there will be anyone here since its around 6pm and most professors in my department would have left by then. At Least there are no cameras here but still it's quite risky and not to mention degrading. My exhibitionist side kicked in and I started getting wet just thinking about doing this. I'm really enjoyed every second of this. I'm glad I sent him those pics. Im so horny right now.
"Yes daddy your slut will do that." With that I got up and took the pictures down. Before leaving my cabin I checked if anyone was around. With the coast clear I quickly made it to the dustbin. I crushed the photos and dropped it there hoping the cleaning person doesnt look into it, hell my face is clearly visible in that. With this done I knelt down and took a selfie smiling and I sent it to Rakesh. With my task done I slowly went back to my office without anyone noticing. When I went back to my office I was surprised to see Rakesh missing but instead there was a note on my desk.
'Slut, I hope you sent a satisfactory picture. I have your bra, panties and petticoat. You will be going back home without them. You should constantly check your phone for my messages or calls. I don't like to be kept waiting for a reply. And one more thing you will not orgasm without my permission.'
Oh fuckkk. I was really wet right now after everything today. I wanted to mastrubate. Ahh. I just stayed in my office for some more time naked with his cum still on my face excited about all the adventures I'm gonna have with Rakesh. Later I dressed up and left my cabin feeling very exposed with nothing underneath me.
Later that night I got a text from Rakesh at around 1AM.
'Im outside your house in my car. I want you to come down just as you are.'
I was surprised by this text. It was late at night and I might get caught. But I can't say no to Rakesh. I don't want to disappoint him. I texted back saying 'Your slut will be right there.'
I live in an individual house in the suburban parts in a quiet and peaceful neighborhood surrounded by similar houses. My daughter and our bedroom are upstairs. Since it's late at night most of my neighbors will be asleep. I quietly got off my bed with my husband sleeping next to me then carefully sneaked out of my house without anyone noticing me. I was wearing a nightie that came down a bit below my knees and some underwear. Once I was out I noticed a car standing outside my house and went to it.
"Oh there you are. I like your outfit slut. Why don't you take a step back and give me a twirl." I did as he said.
"Now I want you to strip naked and give me your clothes." I was getting wet thinking about what I was about to do. I was going to strip naked outside my home with my daughter and husband sleeping inside. I immediately stripped out of my clothes and gave it to him. I noticed he was recording this. Oh my god how much of my naked degrading content is he going to have. He then squeezed my boob with one hand and got a good feel for it and then smacked it.
"Do you want to get in the car slut"
"Yes daddy I want to get in and satisfy you"
"Then tell how badly you want to give me a blow"
"Daddy I want to give you a blow job really badly. I want to taste your sweet large cock. I want it in my mouth. Please daddy let me in so I can have your cock in my slutty mouth. I will do anything for you to let me taste your cock."
"Okay slut now get in" I then got into the front seat on the other side. He then drove for around 5 minutes until we were in a secluded place. Later I gave him a blowjob taking it in as much as I could, but I still couldn't take it fully into my mouth and I gagged quite a bit. Once he was done he came into my mouth. And he was videotaping everything.
"Slut now swallow my load. You should be very grateful that you get to be my cum swallowing professor slut."
"Yes daddy, I'm very grateful to be your slut professor. I am ready to do anything for you to keep being your nasty slut." I said.
"Daddy, I want to ask you something. The photos and videos of me are you going to share with anyone else?"
"Do you want me to share it with someone"
"No daddy please don't share it with anyone. I don't want anyone finding this about me. My life will be ruined."
"Okay slut I will try not to share it with anyone without you knowing it."
"Thank you daddy."
"So slut you are married and have a daughter right"
"Yes daddy my husband is sleeping in our bed right now and my daughter is in her final year of schooling"
"A married professor slut giving her student a blowjob naked in his car after sneaking out of her house from her sleeping husband and daughter." Now that just hit me, this was the reality. But this just made me even hornier for Rakesh.
"Daddy I want your cock more than anything. I don't care about my sleeping husband and his small penis. You make me do things I never thought I would. Daddy you make my life more adventurous and whenever Im doing something for you it makes me very wet. I a slut for your dick daddy and I would do anything to make you happy. I don't care about my husband or daughter as long as I can make you happy. I'm yours daddy and completely yours to use however you want. I will do anything for you daddy no matter how dirty or degrading it is. Im your slut daddy." I can't believe I just said that to my student, someone who is almost half my age.
"That's good to hear slut. Now lets get you back before your husband finds out you are missing. I don't want our play time to end so early."
With that we left for my house. He parked his car about 100 feet from my house entrance.
"You can get down now slut. Before you leave, kiss my car's hood and thank it for the dirty night. And before you go into your house I want you to take a pic of you and send it to me."
"Yes daddy, Good night and thank you for today."
With that I walked over to the front of the car and gave a nice 10 second kiss on the hood and thanked it. I then started the 100 feet walk to my house completely naked in my conservative neighborhood hoping that no one was awake at this time to see this. I then went to the entrance of my place, took a few photos by the gate and sent it to him saying 'Your cum swallowing slut'. I waited at the gate still naked for about 2 minutes thinking about everything that happened today, all the dirty things I did. I then entered my house excited about what's going to happen tomorrow.
I got a text from him the next morning. 'I want you to wear a saree similar to yesterday for my class but no panties, bra or petticoat, anything underneath' Well today is going to be interesting. I picked a low waist turquoise saree hoping to expose as much as navel as possible. I then picked out a sleeveless red blouse with a halfopen back to show some of my back. It ended at around 3 inches from my boob showing a lot of midriff. With that I was all set and ready for my daddys class.
I had a few other classes before Rakesh's and I stayed as covered as possible. Then Rakesh's class was up and then I adjusted myself to reveal as much midriff as possible from my pallu and be as sexy as possible for him.
The class started and Rakesh took the very last seat and was sitting alone. The class went by normally and Rakesh called me back after a few mins. I gave the class a problem and went to the back.
"Slut your outfit today isn't half bad" he called me a slut in the middle of my class but thankfully no one was near enough to hear it.
"Why don't you stand here next to me. I want to see if you followed your instructions''
With that I felt the bottom of my saree lift up and I felt a hand going up and cup my ass.
"I see you aren't wearing anything underneath. " I then felt his hands move forward towards my pussy.
"I see you are wet here. Seems like you are enjoying this." He then started slowly rubbing it. It felt so good.
"You better not come slut" With that he stopped and pinched my labia. I was immediately jerked by the sudden pressure. God his hands felt so good. He then removed his hands from under me.
"You can go back to the front, I will be messaging you soon." With that I left to the front and continued teaching. After a few minutes I got a message from him.
'Hey slut, I sent you a link. It's a link to an online file storage that only you and I can access. I uploaded our last night meetup here. I want you to watch it now in the class'
I then gave the class a problem to solve, sat at my desk, plugged in my earphones, and clicked play. I am going to watch a video of myself naked in public in a car blowing my student and I will be watching it during my class. Lovely. I noticed how nasty I was yesterday and never thought I would say those things. I got extremely wet and horny watching this. Oh my god I want Rakesh's dick in me right now. I want him to take me in front of the whole class and show them Im his filthy slut. I want to orgasm right now really badly. I managed to calm myself and continued my class nevertheless very wet. I got one more message from Rakesh before the end of the class.
"Slut i uploaded your other photos and videos to the folder for you to see. I have a task for you. I havent fucked you in the pussy so far and it has only been through your mouth. If you want it in your cunt then you have to earn it. I want you to make a dirty video in class saying how much you want daddys dick. I have a special toy for you to use under the desk I was sitting in. Make it slutty and be creative. You better make a good video "
Damnn Im going to make a slutty video for Rakesh in my class. I locked the room and went towards his desk to check what sort of toy it was, hopefully a dildo. But it was something a bit different. It was 4 markers held together by a rubberband. Well you can use it as a dildo so its a win. I set my phone on a students desk in the third row from the front facing towards the front of the class. I decided to do this on top of the student bench in the first row to make it extra dirty. Everytime someone sits there during my class I would be reminded of this very act. God, I'm such a slut. Before I start with the video I went to the board and wrote 'Sujatha, your Professor Slut' to add more detail to the video. With that I started recording. I slowly removed my clothing to get completely naked. Once naked I hoped on the students desk in front of the camera. Slowly rubbed my tits and spread my legs apart to reveal all my glory to the camera. I then slowly moved downwards but before continuing I had a better idea. I took a marker from my table and started writing over my tits. 'Rakesh's Slut' with 'Rakesh's' on one and 'Slut' on the other. With that I continued.
"Daddy, I am a college professor but I have never been this happy or satisfied. You make my life blissful daddy. I want to be yours. Treat me like your slutty whore. Use me. Abuse me. All I ever want is your dick. I would do anything to get a taste of your tool. Please daddy give this trashy slut an opportunity to experience your divine cock."
I continued my ranting and moaning and slowly started using the makeshift marker dildo he gave into my female pocket. I slowly moved it up and down with everything happening captured by the camera in the most degrading angle. I progressively went from slow thrusts to fast paced ones with each one pushing me closer to a much needed orgasm. And then finally I had my orgasmic release after a long teasing. It was truly wonderful and one of the best ones I ever had.
"Thank you daddy for letting me orgasm" With that I turned off the camera and collapsed laying down on the desk reiterating everything I did for the video. With the video done I sent it to Rakesh eagerly waiting for his response. I just continued to lay there naked and exhausted. I liked the feeling of being naked in my class. It adds a risk factor and I cant believe I was just here in this very room moments ago taking classes to my students.
A few minutes passed and I got a response from Rakesh.
"Not bad slut, i thought your old ass brain would fuck this up. I guess you really are horny for this dick. Let's have a little more fun with this shall we. I hope you didnt dress up. I want you to take a few pics just like you are outside your classroom with the door and class sign visible and give me some sexy poses. Also I want you to take one more pic more risky and sexier than that completely up to you. If i'm satisfied you can have a chance to suck me off otherwise you can forget this dick."
Damn I didn't expect such a text from him. Obviously I will do anything to make him happy and with that I was resolved to show him the best results with whatever it takes. I was also incredibly wet and kind of nervous with what i'm about to do. I slowly went outside to check if the coast is clear and took my makeshift dildo with me. With noone outside I placed the camera appropriately and sat down with my ass on the floor in front of my class door on the corridor. I set the timer on the camera and slowly inserted the marker dildo in me in a spread eagle position. I had to take a few tries but once i got a satisfying pic I got up ready to go I noticed from the corner of my eye the janitor coming up the stairs to my floor. I immediately ran into my class hoping he didn't just see a naked professor in the corridor. With the safety of the classroom I quickly started dressing up that's when I got the idea for the next pic. What's more risky than the other photo than taking a similar photo with someone in the background. Its way too risky but Rakesh might appreciate it. With my mind set on what to do I put on my saree and went out to scout for the task. I noticed that he keeps going in a straight line for a while and comes back so if i time it right i know i can get a good shot. There's a turn right over there and if i can time it right i can take a pic with the comfort of the back wall covering me. With the plan in mind i set it in motion. I hid in a classroom, stripped naked, striked the same pose with the marker dildo in the corridor behind the janitor. Once I got the pic i immediately dressed up and sent it to Rakesh. I waited for his reply and I got one in ten minutes.
'I'll see you tonight.' That's it. I went through all this trouble trying to impress him but a simple reply just like that. But still no matter how mad I was I was still looking forward to meeting him tonight and more importantly I felt extremely aroused doing all this. I truly am a slut. A married professor milf slut.
I packed my stuff and left for my car. As I sat in my car I had a naughty idea. The car was parked in the open parking slot. There were a few more cars around but it was relatively covered enough. Once inside my car i stripped again making sure no one was around. Once naked I took another pic and sent it to Rakesh with the text, 'Can't wait to meet Daddy tonight'. Damn I'm getting too horny now for this college kid. Surprisingly I got a very quick reply with an eggplant and splash emoji. I decided to dress soon, and don't want to be caught naked here. I noticed dressing back in your saree inside a car is almost impossible. Being as horny as I was I simply draped the saree alone over me leaving the rest. If anyone looked closely inside they can see that I was naked underneath it. With that I left. The ride home was pretty interesting. I almost got caught by the watchman in the college, there is a chance he might have noticed me. With my daughter at home and husband working I had to sneak into the house wearing basically half naked. I went to my room, stripped naked fantasizing about tonight and trying my hardest not to masturbate.
Around 8 pm, a notification alert came saying, "Hurry up and make your way to the street corner." I was expecting him to text at late night like last time but this was quite early. The content may have seemed ordinary, yet only I know the devious events that's going to unfold tonight. Well I have to move fast, I don't want to keep him waiting. Knowing him, he might leave if I dont get there in a few minutes. I quickly went back to my room and changed into a button up dress that came just below my knees.With a quick glance in the mirror checking out how i look I left my room heading to the front door.
"You're going out? Isn't it a bit late now?" said my husband sitting in the living room watching some television with my daughter.
"Hey, honey sorry I forgot to tell you about this. My friend Geetha called and said she was having a small hangout with a few others. I'm just headed there, I will be a little late, the dinner is in the dining table."
"No issues hon, have fun"
"Bye mom"
With that i left my house. And started walking towards the street corner. In a few steps I saw him, a gorgeous dark skinned man sitting on a motorcycle smoking a cigarette. I was surprised he bought a motorcycle instead of a car, and headed towards him keeping an eye out if any of my neighbors was watching.
"Hello, daddy"
He turned around looking at me and in a swift motion grabbed my left boob through my dress. This man keeps putting me in risky situations and I was just a few buildings away from my house where my daughter and husband are watching television and it was only around 8pm.
"What the fuck? You are wearing a bra" He immediately put his hands under my dress to check if I was wearing panties.
"I'm so sorry, I was at home and as soon as i got you message I hurried myself to change and completely forgot about my underwear. Im so sorry"
"I expected professors to be smarter. Slut from now on you will no longer wear any underwear in your house. Now remove them."
Fuck Fuck Fuck. What the Fuck. He wanted me to remove them right here right now. I really hope no one comes out right now.
"What are you looking at shut up remove your underwear now, or you want me to send you home naked"
I immediately started stripping my underwear. The panties was the easy part. I just have to slide them under my dress. To remove the bra I undid a few of my dress buttons in the front and removed them and gave it to him as quickly as I could.
He took my underwear and threw it to the side of the road, strangely thrilled me, anticipating someone finding it. "Leave those buttons as it is and get on the bike."
Wanting to get this over with I eagerly climbed onto his motorcycle, allowing my dress to expose a generous amount of cleavage that could easily escape with even the slightest movement. We set off in his motorcycle, a sportbike with an elevated seat, I put my arms around his waist tightly gripping onto him, desperately hoping that no one of my neighbors saw me
We drove for almost an hour and I was so wet the whole journey that my bare pussy would have definitely stained his seat. Not to mention how hard I have to try to keep my large boobs from being exposed. We soon came to a halt in a very quiet suburban neighborhood across the street from a small tobacco shop. The locality appeared less populated with only a few residences scattered amidst multiple vacant lands.
"I need to get some cigarettes. Why dont you remove one more button in your dress theres barely anyone around."
We were quite far from my place and there were only a few buildings around compared to my neighborhood.
"I'm so sorry daddy I feel really bad for disappointing you back there." Feeling super horny from the whole ride and everything that happened I started removing all the buttons in my dress. I was sure I could hide myself enough from the vendor but even then i feel kind of hot thinking about flashing him my naked body.
"You are learning slut, pretty good." He gave me a quick grope before leaving to buy his cigarettes.
"Isn't she a little old to be your girlfriend." said the shopkeeper. Rakesh turned back looking at me and smiling knowing very well I could hear his conversation.
"She's not my girlfriend, she's just this slut i play with when I'm bored." He just openly referred to me as a slut in the presence of an unfamiliar person.
"She looks so hot for someone that old. I hope you guys have a great time."
"Sure thanks. I'm sure we will have an amazing night, she left her husband and daughter at home to be my plaything tonight." Is he also going to give this guy my full name and address? My body started moving on its own on hearing this slowly lifting the bottom of my dress so my complete bare thighs all the way to my ass is visible to this stranger. Damn Im really turned on right now.
With that he headed back to his bike with the vendor gawking at me.
"God you are such an exhibitionist slut aren't you." Looking at my state of undress.
"Daddy, I'm your exhibitionist slut. I can't wait for you to use me as your plaything tonight"
"That's great slut. We are going to my friend's house. He stays about 5 minutes from here. Don't worry he is not our college and he won't be home. Now why don't we push this a little bit. I want you to strip nude go towards the shop and give him your dress."
Oh my god. The stranger is going to see this slutty mom in all her glory and I have to ride to his friend's place completely nude on his bike. Before I could even think about it my exhibitionist side kicked in and I removed my dress and was walking towards the stall.
"You are one hot MILF you know that."
"Thank you for such nice words, please have this." I handed him my dress with his eyes fixed on my tits.
With that I strutted back to the bike noticing that he moved his bike next to the shop.
"Before getting in, why don't you give the bike a kiss." I did just that before hopping in and giving the stranger a show. With that we rode off for a while. It felt amazing riding completely nude behind the motorcycle. On the way to daddy's friend's place there were 3 other people who were walking along the roads who got to see my naked body. We finally reached an apartment and quickly got out and reached right outside his friend's door.
The door opened on ringing the bell and two guys showed up.
"Hey you finally came, anyways we are heading out. You have the place to yourselves don't break anything please" He handed Rakesh the key and glanced at me.
"Holy shit she is naked" said the other guy.
"This is my professor."
"Holy shit that's insane. We better get going." With that they left.
Rakesh immediately turned on his phone and started filming me.
"So slut what do are you here to do"
"I wish to fuck you daddy and satisfy you in any way possible."
"Let's get into it now."
With that he moved to the couch and instructed me to suck him off. I was basically drooling seeing his dick and quickly started working my mouth and tongue around his massive cock. Once he had his cock hard enough he picked me up and pushed me towards the couch with my back on the couch.
I could feel his cock peeking at my pussy entrance rubbing along it before slowly inserting in. With a few thrusts he picked up the rhythm
"Aah Aaaaah Aaahhh Aaahhh" It was divine every stroke was absolute perfection. With every push I could feel my body squirming in pleasure. And then slowly it started to hit. My vagina started to twitch around his cock. I started shivering and he noticed that I was orgasming and started slowing the pace.
The orgasm was angelic and easily the best orgasm I have ever had. A thousand times better than anything i have every had with my husband.
"Thank you daddy" I said as he pulled his cock out. He pointed his finger showing me lick my juices off his cock and I just noticed I squirted quite a bit. I slowly cleaned his cock preparing myself for round two.
He bent me over before inserting his dick back into my pussy and started moving up and down. He was way more aggressive this time with a much faster pace. I loved it, he was hitting spots i didn't even know were there. I was in cloud nine.
'Clap Clap Clap' His cock was completely inside me. In a few seconds I had my second orgasm. He then threw me to the ground, made me kneel and shot his seed right at my face and on my chest. That was quite a bit of cum for someone.
"Kneel here and don't wipe the cum. Do you want a beer?" He asked cleaning himself.
"Yes daddy would love it. Thank you!!" I said proudly wearing his cum over me.
He stayed up for a bit longer after sex and after a while he decided to go to the bed.
"Slut I don't want you to stain any of his furniture. You can sleep near the front door but before that make sure to clean all this." With that he went to the bedroom leaving me alone here. I was feeling quite tired, so I quickly sorted everything out, texted my husband I'm staying over, and went to sleep fantasizing about him.
'Smack Smack' I could feel something on my ass. I woke up slowly from the best sleep I have had in months to someone poking my ass with his feet. Gently opening my eyes I noticed it was Rakesh smoking a cigarette.
"Get up slut, I need to leave."
"What time is it?"
"11am and I'm getting late to college" He brought his cigarette towards me and ashed it on my head. What the fuck he is using me as an ashtray. Before I could tell anything he grabbed me up and pushed me outside into the hallway naked and covered in cum and smelling like cigerretes.
"I'm leaving slut see you later."
"Daddy daddy, I can't leave like this. I'm completely naked in this state. Can i be given 5 minutes to clean up and also something decent to wear home."
"I don't have time for this, he opened his bag and tossed me an oversized t shirt. You owe me big time". He left immediately and I could hear his bike speeding off.
As soon as I put it on, I quickly realized that it covered my upper body pretty well, but it only extended a bit below my ass cheeks. I left in my scarce clothing knowing very well that I would be attracting a lot of gazes given that I was in India as well. I quickly booked a cab and as I waited, I called my teaching assistant to take the classes today.
The cab arrived and he was staring at my barely covered bottoms. As I sat the tshirt rode a little up and I am sure the driver would have noticed that the shirt is all I was wearing. I didn't mind any of that and all i was hoping is he doesn't realize i smell like cum and cigarettes and kick me out. It was quite a ride. The driver was trying to get a peek as much as he could but I tried to hide myself well with him and eventually gave up. At least my daughter and husband won't be home so it would be easy to get in. I got a notification alert in a bit.
"Hoping to see you in my 4pm class."
Looking around I saw an opportunity where the driver wasn't looking and I immediately pulled my t-shirt up to show my lower breasts and naked pussy and posed for a very quick selfie with a huge smile on my face.
I sent him the picture with the message, "Daddy, I don't think I can wait that long to see you."