My wife and I have a maid that comes to the house to clean and do laundry. Last week she watched me masturbate while sun bathing on our deck and left a pair of panties. The following week I was eager to see where this was leading.
When she arrived, I was already busy with work, sitting in the living room in my shorts ticking away on my laptop. The maid came in, we exchanged pleasantries, and she got to work. About an hour into her chores, she came out to the living room. She'd already taken off her sweats and was dressed in just a bra and panties. "I'm about to start some laundry. Do you have the panties I left here last week?"
"Oh yes, let me get them." I walked back to my bedroom and pulled her panties out of my nightstand drawer. After retrieving the panties, I stood up and turned around. She was standing right there.
"You kept them in your night stand?"
"Well, I didn't want to have them get lost in the regular laundry and I couldn't put them in my own underwear drawer, or all my underwear would smell like you." They were still fairly fragrant.
"Oh, ok." She gave me a funny look, but turned around and headed to the laundry room.
When I got back to the living room I was beginning to get an erection. I called out to the maid. "I'm going to step out on the deck. Call if you need anything."
She peeked her head around the corner and said "Thanks." I could only she her head and shoulders, but even in that quick glance I could tell she didn't have her bra strap on. Was she washing the bra and panties she has on today? If so, was she naked?
Not that my cock needed any encouragement, still, that little bit was enough to spring him into a full erection. The maid watched me masturbate last week. No reason to be shy about an erection.
I took a chair out onto the deck, dropped by shorts and sat down to enjoy some sun. Technically it was a work day and I should be getting something done, but my head wasn't thinking about work at the moment. So, I sat and enjoyed the warm sun and a hard cock.
A few minutes later I heard the vacuum cleaner. I turned to look over my shoulder into the living room. There was the maid, vacuuming away without anything on. Her c-cup breasts slightly swaying with the motion and her blonde bush tantalizingly free. My cock grew even more (if that was possible). I opted to turn my chair so I could watch her work without having to turn my head. She saw me stand up and then glanced down at my erection as I sat down. A smile graced her face, but then she focused on her work.
Without thinking about it I started to masturbate. She was lovely. While she wasn't seeming to pay any attention to me, I was enjoying watching her body move. When she faced away from me, I got to see the muscles in her but and thighs work as she walked back and forth with the vacuum. When she faced me, I could enjoy the swaying breast and tempting bush. I could feel the cum rising as my hand became more imperative in its strokes.
As the vacuum neared the sliding glass door, the maid looked up, noticed I was masturbating and asked, "Do I need to get you a wash cloth?"
I looked down, "Oh, no, sorry. I can get one."
She turned off the vacuum, stood up and put her hand out, "Don't you dare come in here. It's one thing to vacuum the carpet. It's a whole 'nother thing to wipe up cum. I'll get you something."
When she returned with a warm wash cloth I said, "Sorry, I hope I haven't offended you."
She smiled. "No, it's ok. I can't say I'm particularly comfortable being the object of your masturbating, but I suppose it is only fair."
"Fair?"
She blushed, "I masturbated watching you last week."
"I wish I'd known. I would have enjoyed watching."
"Oh god no. I would have been mortified. I'm supposed to be working."
"We pay you to clean the house, yes, but if you take a few moments in the midst of the job to 'relax' no harm done."
"Still..." she extended the wash cloth to me, her eyes glued to the floor.
I took the cloth. It was still very warm. "I'm assuming you enjoyed watching me masturbate last week."
"Yes."
"Since you got me a cloth today, you're expecting me to masturbate again."
"You were already."
"Yes, but I hadn't cum."
"You were getting close."
"You could tell?"
"There is an urgency to your stroking when you get close. Or at least, there was last week and you were showing that same urgency again."
"Does that turn you on?" I asked already knowing the answer.
"Yes, very."
I start stroking my cock again. "Well then, yes, I think I am going to cum again. Why don't you take a moment, sit on the sofa and watch?"
She looks up at my face.
I step forward and she steps back. I take another step into the house, one hand stroking my cock, the other holding the wash cloth along my thigh. "Go ahead, sit down. Let me cum for you."
Three steps back and she sits on the sofa her eyes fixed on my cock, the purple head sliding in my fist. The sofa causes her knees to rise and separate, her blonde bush on full display with the lips of her vulva puffy with excitement. The folds of her vagina just beginning to peer out.
I take a couple of steps forward. "You're welcome to masturbate too, if you want."
She slides her hands up and down her thighs in contemplation. Her nipples are nearly as hard as my cock and her breasts firm with excitement.
I take one last step forward, so my feet are standing in between her feet, my cock pulsating over the sofa. The maid slides her knees further apart and props her feet on the edge of the sofa. This spreads her vulva lips open and exposes her wet vagina for easy viewing. She takes a hand off her thigh and begins rubbing the hood of her clit with her middle finger.
Even though I could probably cum with just a few more strokes, I try to slow down, make this last. Her finger moves faster and faster as she rocks her hips in jerks up and back. Try and I might, I can't hold back. I grunt as my cock starts spraying thick streams of cum on the maid's stomach and chest. She groans in response sliding her middle finger into her vagina and rapidly vibrating her whole hand against her crotch. I keep cum and so does she.
When the last spray is down and I shudder with the last throws of the orgasm, a single drop of cum hangs from the head of my cock. The maid takes her other hand and rubs the cum over her belly and down along her pubic hair, back up and then down again, using this middle finger to play with her clit. The one hand still buried in her vagina.
Moments later, she reaches up, grabs the cooled cloth and wipes off her stomach. "Thank you. That was nice."
"Thank YOU. I haven't cum that hard is a while."
"I should probably get back to work." She throws a leg over and jumps up off the sofa.
"I should too." I look down and there is a small wet spot on the sofa.
The maid turns around, takes the cloth in her hand and wipes the trail of cum off my cock. The feel of her hand, even with the wash cloth, causes my cock to stir. She squeezes my cock a few times and feels it grow. "Oh, maybe he's not done?"
"Maybe he and I would be interested in going again, later."
"Let's see how quickly I can get my work down." Although she was still playing with my cock.
"We should probably get a towel next time." I nod toward the sofa.
"Oh shit," she exclaims. "I'll clean that right up."
She left for the kitchen and immediately returned with a clean rag, some paper towels and some rubbing alcohol. "Oh my god, I am so sorry."
"Don't be," I said still dazed and unable to move.
She was diligent and shoved me aside to really get at the sofa. I stepped back to the sliding glass door and enjoyed the view of her ass, her wet pussy lips still spread and on full display.