Hi Madam Lisa here. I would like to welcome back and thank the readers that have made it this far. This is part 5 of my ongoing real life story. If you have not read parts 1 through 4 please do it will help you follow along. All participants are over 18 and have consented to their rolls.
***
Recap: I was spit roasted at the gym, Lots of sex after diner. Maya became my second sub.
Tuesday. God it's early. 6 AM alarm rings and my bed is full. I stayed up way to late last night. I get my subs up and tell them to remain nude and get breakfast ready. Donna sent Fifi in to help. I have a lot to do today. The house is a mess and I fell asleep in my makeup. I hop in the shower and get ready for work. Today I am going to wear my Prussian blue wrap dress with black lace-up stilettos and nothing else. Donna has to get ready also so the bathroom is crowded.
As I was putting on my face Fifi walks in and does my hair for me. He does a great job.
Subone and subtwo finished making breakfast and have my coffee ready by time Donna and I get out of the bathroom.
Fifi and my subs clean the mess we left last night and start on the kitchen while Donna and I finish breakfast.
I round up my subs and give them their tasks for the day. The subs both go to work at the same time today so my orders will be easy. I have them both ride topless in the same car. They are to take selfie along the way. They are to take nudes of each other in the dressing rooms. They are to edge each other three times before lunch and three times after lunch. They are to go to the mall flash three people each and pickup subone's clothes from Tina. They are to make sure to please Tina. They must not were panties at all today. they must keep their plugs in all day. They must wear their collars when not at work. They must send me selfies of each other proving they have done their tasks as soon as they complete each one. Now in unison repeat your pledge.
Subs together "Madam Lisa, this sub will follow your orders without question or hesitation. This subs body is yours to do with as you see fit. This subs only propose is to please you."
Donna and I walk out together. She has to still take Fifi home and make it to her office.
Now that I have two subs I have decided to give them names. When it was just one sub was simple and effective. Now that I have two it is harder to differentiate between the two. Also this is personal to me as I personally don't calling them by number. I decided to call subone Sparrow and subtwo Blue jay.
Today will be another busy day. Not so much at work. Just a lot of errands. First I am going to see if I can get my parking garage security guard to stop me. At the time I get there he is at the end of his shift. This gives me thirty minutes between the time he get off work and the time I have to leave the garage to get to work on time. I untie my dress and open it so it looks like I am nude. Next I lower my drivers side window. Now that he will have a clear view of me I am going to drive extra slow past him. The speed limit in the garage is 5 mph so it will not be unusual for some one to idle past him.
I arrive at the parking garage and I'm disappointed again. The guard is not in his shack. Bummer. I raise my window, find my parking space, retie my dress and go into work. I go to the breakroom and make some coffee. The other members of my department begin to show up so go to my office to get the day started.
On my desk I find a request for maternity leave from one of my team members. I go ahead and approve it sent it on to HR. Summer is now upon us and most of my team has already been approved for their vacations. Most have families and take their vacations this time of year. Now I am going to either hire a temp or see if someone can/will change their plans. Neither choice will be an easy way to cover our expectant mothers slot.
After everyone has clocked in I send them an e-mail for volunteers to change their vacation dates. I offer them the standard bonus to change, but I do not get any takers right away. This is normal. I also call the temp agency and let them know I will have an opening.
With all that out if the way I check I with my boss. I don't have any clients today so now I have to make sure I can help him with his work load. Usually this means I go with him to meet potential clients. I am represented as "arm candy" to them. I make nice, smile, get their drinks, etc. This is the easiest part of my job. Today we are going to the court house to meet with the city planner, Donna. My boss tells me I will need to do this one alone as he has a board meeting to attend. This should be fun.
It's 9 AM by time I arrive. I am thirty five minutes early, I have all my paperwork in order. I go through the entrance, which has a metal detector. No problem, so I think. I remove my jewelry and place my purse in the tray along with my briefcase. Walk through and the alarm goes off. I check for any more metal and it hits me. I am wearing my "egg." (A small battery powered vibrator for those of you who didn't know.) They run a hand held detector over me and my pussy makes it beep. The female guard, Maria, takes me into a small room off to the side to search me. She is a big girl, 5' 10" and looks like a Dyke, this could work in my favor. She asks me what I have down there and when I tell her she busts a gut laughing. She asks me to produce it so I untie my dress, exposing myself to her. She says "Your a naughty one aren't you." Then tells me "Let's see it." I pull it out and she puts it in a plastic bag, then runs her wand over me and tell me I all clear and to cover up. She puts my name on the bag and tells me to pick it up when I leave.
When I get to Donna's office I am early so I sit down to wait. She comes out to greet me and I let her know I'm here on business today. She makes a frowny face and say if you insist come it. I give her my proposal and sales pitch, she does not listening to my speech. She tells me she will give it consideration, but it has to go to the board with at least two other bids.
"Your commando under there aren't you?" She says.
"You know it. Why?" I ask.
"Let's meet at the park for lunch. Bring your subs. We will have fun." She says.
I agree and head back to retrieve my egg from Maria. I am embarrassed that I had forgotten to remove it before entering the building. I go to the security office as she told me to. The Sargent told me to wait as he call Maria in. When Maria got to the office she told me we will have to go back to the exam room (the same place I had to retrieve the egg from myself). Maria showed me the egg and told me if I wanted it back I would have to reinsert it. I untied my dress and dropped it on the floor. Walked up to her and removed the egg from the plastic bag. I turned it on and inserted it back into my waiting pussy. I smiled and asked Maria "Like this?" I turned and bent over picking up my dress, giving Maria a good look at my ass. She said with a command in her voice "You are a naughty one, now get dressed before someone catches you." I did as she said and handed her my number, to my disappointment her gave it back to me. I may have imagined this last part, but I believe she wanted me to eat her out right there or at least keep my number. This part I guess I am not to know, at least for now. I hope I will see her again, but not under these circumstances.
I texted Sparrow and told her to bring Blue Jay to the park for lunch. To my surprise Ellen, the manager of the dress shop called me back. She told me that she had banded her employees from using cell phones for personal business at work. From now on none of her employees would not be able to respond to any personal communication unless it was an emergency. That all calls will now have to go through the store. She thanked me for my understanding in this matter and hoped I would have a nice day. Damn now I have to go buy a dress. I called Donna and told her what happened and cancelled our lunch date.
When I got to the dress shop Blue jay was nowhere to be found. I found Sparrow while pretending to find a dress and found out Blue Jay was fired because she was found "in a state of undress" in the dressing room. Sparrow was given a written warning for encouraging her. Sparrow told me she had given Blue Jay directions to my office. I thanked her bought yet another ugly dress and went back to my office.
When I got to back to my office Blue Jay was in the lobby waiting for me in tears. She kept apologizing about how she had failed me. Knowing it was my fault I got her into it. I told her not to worry and asked her to compose herself. We would go up to my office and see what we could do.
I got to my office and had her wait while I checked my e-mails for a response to my offer this morning about vacation. There was none. I called my department in to make sure everyone was going to turn it down. They were. I asked my lead to get me an application for employment and asked her to interview the young lady in my office. As this was a temp job there was not a lot of skill necessary to qualify for the job. I helped Blue Jay fill in the application and handed it and Blue Jay over to my lead. My lead reported back to me and told me she just barely made the minimum skill set required to fill the position. I had her sign the application as approved, I gave it my stamp of approval then took it to HR personally.
HR asked why I did not use the temp agency and I told them I personally knew her to be a hard worker. With my lead giving the initial interview and approving her application, I successfully removed myself as first contact, there was no problem with hiring her as a temp. HR approved her to be hired and start the next day with a 60 day trial period. She was going to be filing and supervised by some of my best so I don't foresee any problems. As she was my sub I knew she would at least be to work on time.
I went back to my office and told my lead to give her the good news and to give her the new hire packet. For appearances I did not even acknowledge Blue Jay as I went back to my office. Then I texted her that I was proud of her and reminded her she need to pick up subone at work when she got off. I also told her to meet me at the pizza place next to the dress shop so we could all have lunch together.
Lunch time we all met at the pizza place and I informed them of their new names. Blue Jay was happy she got an office job. She hated retail. I don't blame her but I think it is good she had that experience. Just for fun I had Blue Jay flash the manager of the pizza place before we left. I told Sparrow not to do anymore tasks at work today. Sparrow went back to work happy Blue Jay was employed. I went back to work and sent Blue Jay home to clean the house and make supper in the nude until it was time to go get Sparrow from work.
I got home and found stew in the crock pot. I also found the nudes of Blue Jay cleaning the house. She had used my computer to record herself and left me a note that's what she did. Sparrow and Blue Jay got home, topless, just before 8 PM with the clothes we bought Sunday.
I had them finish stripping and had Sparrow put away her clothes. I watched the video of them pleasing Tina. Sparrow was nude and sucking Tina's nipples as Blue Jay ate Tina out. This went on until Tina erupted in a violent orgasm. At the end of the video I her Tina say that she hoped I enjoyed watching.
That evening I had the girls 69 each other and told them the looser, the first one who came, would be punished. Sparrow and Blue Jay were had at it flicking their tongues in and out of each others clits. I saw Sparrow start breathing hard and I thought she was going to loose. She regained composure and then Blue Jay looked like she was going to explode. This went on for ten minutes with each of them going to the edge but fighting back before going to the edge again. Finally Sparrow exploded in a massive orgasm and Blue Jay standing up declaring her victory.
True to my word I got the cuffs out and put them on Sparrow. Made her kneel and cuffed her hands to her ankles behind her back. I got out my strap-on went over to Blue Jay and gently caressed her. We made sweet passionate love to each other while Sparrow watched unable to do anything. I had Blue jay get dressed and I did the same. I uncuffed Sparrows ankles and got some rope. I tied the rope around her elbows and waist to restrict her movements. I put an anal vibrator in her ass and turned it on. I put a robe on her then I had Blue Jay help me take her to my car. I drove her away from my house about 2 miles. This is all residential and it is 10 PM on a week night. I had her get out. I slipped an egg into her pussy and turned it on. I told her she had 45 minutes to make it home or she would have to do it again without the robe. She was not to speak to anyone. If she was stopped she still could not talk to them and she could not resist any advances. Blue Jay and I left her there on the corner and "drove off".
I drove around the other block and circled around behind her and parked. We could see her walking home. I also saw her fighting the vibrators to keep from cumming. I don't know why as she was not told she couldn't cum. Her first obstacle was getting by some young men working on their car. They whistled and hooted, but she just ignored them and kept walking. Her second obstacle did not come for 3 blocks more. It was an elderly couple walking their dog. At this point I could see she want to cum right there. She was able to pass by them with no problem, but the dog did bark at her a lot. She then took a detour between some houses so I pulled forward to see what she was doing. When I got there I could see was cumming. I kept my lights off and she did not notice us as she continued her walk. she made it to the halfway point before anyone else came close to her. Just some people pulling into their driveway and going inside.
Another 2 block she ran into wardrobe trouble as the robe was now open. Still tied as I had put a knot in it so it would not come undone on its own. She also knelt down because she was cumming again. She had 8 blocks to go and I did not know if she was going to be able to make it. She had plenty of time as she had 25 minutes left.
She managed to get up and she went to the corner of a house and used it to close up the robe, well sort of you could still see her pussy. She was now sticking close to the houses for cover. The only drawback to her plan was the dogs barking. She now had 19 minutes left.
She kept out of sight for the rest of the block. Now she had to cross the only road with traffic on her route. 18 minutes to go. She caught a break and was able to cross she was now running as fast as she could because she could now see home and did not know how much time she had left.
4 blocks to go and her robe has now fallen down exposing the breasts. There are 5 houses with people outside and she knows they are there. She goes between some houses again and somehow gets her robe back on. She passes the first two without them noticing her. The third was a different story. One of the people was leaving their house as she walked by. They stopped and asked her something. She kept walking. I her a woman tell her to stop "I'm talking to you" I pulled up to intervene, but that was unnecessary as Sparrow just ignored the woman and kept on walking.
She was almost home. One block to go and two houses with people outside. She had to stop as she had another orgasm. The last one is my neighbor and he is a horn dog. The other is a old man in his 80's and probably could not see her at all. Even if he could he could not do anything about it. I let Blue Jay out to keep and eye on her as I drove the long way around the block to get back home.
Just as I suspected my horn dog neighbor stopped her just a few feet from my yard. He could clearly see her pussy and the ropes around her waist. She had 3 minutes to make it to inside the house. Horn dog reached up and closed her robe. Then he told her she owed him and let her pass. He maybe a horn dog, but it turns out he is a nice guy also. She makes it inside with a minute thirty to spare. I asked Sparrow what horn dog said and did. She told me exactly what happened and what he said. I told her now she had to pay him back. I sent her back outside and had her invite him in.
Horn dog is not married and I don't know if he is seeing anyone now. Sparrow now has to thank him for his kindness. He is in his mid thirties. Looks like an accountant by the way he is dressed although I don't know that for sure.
When he knocks on the door I remove Sparrows robe and have her answer it. His eyes bulge out and I see he is well endowed. I introduce myself as Ms.Lisa and introduce Sparrow and Blue Jay. He catches on quick to what is going on here. I tell Sparrow to kneel in front of him and pay him back for his favor. He starts to unzip his pants and I tell him "No, Sparrow will do all the work you just relax." I have Blue Jay get our guest a beer. I have Sparrow use her teeth to unbuckle his paints and pull down his zipper. This is easier than it sounds as his belt was already loose and his pants are the type that snap rather than button. He helps her by pulling his cock out and she starts giving him a blowjob. I tell him he does not have to pull out as she will swallow his load and clean him up after. He grabs her head and forces it down her throat. She does not gag and he cums inside her mouth soon after.
I have him sit down for awhile to talk to him and find out more about him. He agrees and tells me he is an engineer. That explains how he is dressed. He is divorced with no kids. His wife left him for some other guy, we will leave it here as the rest may let some of you readers figure out where I am.
I have Blue Jay undress for him and I see he is ready to go again. This time I have Blue Jay remove Sparrows toys. I have Sparrow on her knees laying face down with her ass in the air and told him she was waiting for him. Sparrow still has not been given permission to speak. He stands up and mounts her shoving his cock into her ass. I have Blue Jay pour some baby oil on her ass for lube. He pumps her for a good twenty minutes and shoots his load in her ass. After he finishes I have Blue Jay clean him up with a warm towel. I send him home with a smile on his face.
I have the subs get cleaned up and run me a bath. While one was in the shower I have the other cleaning the kitchen and living rooms.
Blue Jay runs my bath and I have her wash me. She massages me as she soaps me up. As she does I tell to her about what is expected of her at work. I get to talk about her needs and wants. I found out she still lives with her parents. I ask her to move in permanently and she agrees. I will call my friend with the truck tomorrow and have him get her things Saturday. Its now almost tomorrow now so we head to bed together.