Editor's note: this fictional work contains scenes of completely fictional incest or fictional incest content.
*****
Sleep did not come easily that night. My mind was racing with possibilities. I knew I had committed myself to doing something brazen. I would be outside naked tonight where anyone could see me. What I struggled most with was, did I want to be caught.
My mom almost catching me on Wednesday had brought on a strong response from my body. I had to force myself back to cover. If I had let me pussy control me, I would have walked right out to her no matter the consequences. Every time I tried something new, it was a war between my brain and me pussy. And increasingly I was letting my pussy win!
I was wide awake before my alarm went off. I made my way out of my room and down the stairs to the living room slowly. Years of living here had given me knowledge of every loud creek and groan of the stairs. Still even the little ones sounded like a thunderstorm. At the bottom of the stair I waited and listened. No noise except a quiet snore from my parents room. I was good to go. I moved to the door and grabbed the handle. One more time my brain tried to stop me.
I had already rationalized my nudity in the backyard. Nobody could really see me, and if I was caught it would be embarrassing but explainable. If I stepped out the front door, there would be no more rationalizing. I would be committing public indecency. If I was caught and arrested, I could lose my scholarship. If my parents found out, they wouldn’t leave me alone ever again. Noting about what I was about to do could be explained. My rational brain made these arguments to me as I stood there contemplating. I honestly almost turned around and called it quits. Then like the devil on my shoulder, my hungry pussy started to whisper.
“You won’t be caught.”
“It’s to dark to be seen”
“Pretty girls like you don’t get arrested”
“You’ll regret it if you turn back now”
My body acted without me, and suddenly my hand was pulling down the handle and pulling the door open. One last chance was afforded me, but my feet stepped out and I closed the door behind me. I was outside naked again. It was quieter then I thought it would be. The moon was about half way full, and giving out just enough light so that once my eyes adjusted I was able to see pretty clearly.
I had laid awake thinking about what I would do now that I was outside here, but in the moment I unable to recollect anything I imagined before. I told myself I just needed to walk to the mailbox. It was only about 30 yards away, so not to close, but easy enough to escape if I needed to. I quietly made my way across yard to my destination. I hadn’t worn any shoes or anything else for that matter. I wanted to feel naked not just be naked. My hands went back to feeling my body as I walked. Every inch I was reminded of how entirely exposed I was.
I reached the mailbox with no difficulty. The night sky wasn’t lit up by red and blue lights. I had made it to my objective. It was at that moment that the realistic side of my brain kicked back in.
“That was stupid but you are okay. It’s not to late to turn back now. You did what you came to do and you won’t have to regret never trying. You turn back now go back inside and get yourself off to a nice orgasm you can be proud of.”
I was almost ready to just do that, when that little devil spoke up again.
“That was to easy. There was no real risk at all. Are you a chicken?”
What scared me the most was how easily I was persuaded to keep going. My bare feet padded onto the pavement, and I was off again. I look around and say the stop sign at the end of our. Cul-de sac I had to stop there every time I left the house. The thought of being able to remember my naked adventure every time I left the house was too good to miss. And I walked gingerly upon the pavement every bump or stepped on rock reminded me just how vulnerable I was.
Half way there I heard a car engine in the distance. Like a deer in the headlights I stood as still as a statue. My heart restarted when I here it fading away though. I almost called it quits there, and thinking back I probably should have. But there no longer was a rational side of my brain. It had been completely drowned out by The screaming of my soaking wet pussy. Achieving my goal was no longer a want but a need.
I went into a sort of tunnel vision, I was singularly focused on my objective. And I made it there safely. Soon enough I was sitting at the base of the stop sign slowly toying my soaked pussy. I heard the engine again, but it had been a false alarm last time, it had to be again right. I remained where I was. I rubbed my pussy faster and rolled my head to the right.
There about 1/2 mile down the road where the headlights of a car heading my direction. I did not hesitate as I started to full long sprint towards my house. Half way there I stepped on something and a jabbing pain shot up my foot, but I couldn’t stop now. As I neared to curb I jumped over the ditch in front of our house and slid on the wet grass, bruising my ass and leaving me laid out on the ground. The car was to close for me to move. I watched as it slowly drove by our road without stopping.
Alone again, my better angels forced me to listen this time and I gingerly made my way back inside. When I reached the door I quietly opening it and entered made my way to my room again.
I was sore all over. During my run I must have stepped on a sharp rock or something cause I had a small cut on the bottom of my foot. My butt was already turning red, and would probably look like somebody spanked me come morning. I should have been horrified. It had all gone wrong. I had almost been caught and I had the scratches and bruises to show for it. It could not have gone any worse, but then why was my Pussy leaking so much. I tooled my pussy to feel how wet I was and a shock went up my spine. I was so incredibly horny. I grabbed my dildo and buried it to the hilt on the first stroke. I pulled it all the way out till just the tip was inside and slammed it back in with so much force a small s team escaped my lips. I did this again and again and again. Feeling every inch of that wonderful rubber cock.
I was absolutely pounding my pussy at this point. As I played with my clit my finger became soaked in my own juices. I’d never tasted myself so I stuck my fingers in my mouth. The taste was incredible. I went back for seconds and thirds as well. I could feel my orgasm building inside of me, but I wanted to try one more thing before I exploded. I coated my finger with my juices one more time, but instead of bringing my hand up, I brought it down and stuck my finger inside my virgin asshole. The feeling was out of this world incredible. I could feel the dislocated going in and out if my pussy from inside my ass. This was what sent me over the edge. I but down on my pillow to keep from screaming loud enough to wake the neighbors. I came so hard I passed out again.
When I woke it had been two hours. I looked down at myself. I was a mess. My body was covered in dried grass and mud. My foot has blood coming out of it, and the swollen red pussy had a dildo half way lodged inside of me. I was able to slide it out and go to the bathroom to take a shower and become clean again. Sleep came to me quickly and before I knew it, the sun was high in the sky and shining. It was 11:30 when I finally woke up so naked as the day I was born I went down the stairs for some food. I made a sandwich and carrot sticks and went to sit out on the back patio to eat them.
I replayed the night before and I’m the light of day none of it was so bad. I would have done a few things differently, but I told myself it wouldn’t be the last time. The sun was high in the sky and there was no better time then the present to keep working on my admittedly nice all over tan. After applying my lotion I started on my back like always and then turned to my front.
Even though my adventure only lasted 15 minutes, the excitement and orgasmic aftermath took all out of me. I was on my front enjoying the warmth of the sun beating down on my erect nipples and pussy. I let sleep get the better of me. I woke up to the sound of the gate to our fence opened. My heart stopped. I was caught. I closed my eyes and waited to hear the screaming.
“You Bitch! Your tan is gonna be so much better then mine!”
Thank God it was Emily. Of all the people who could have caught me naked, Emily was my best chance and understanding. She had been gone all week and I forgot she got back in town today. She had come over to spend time with her surrogate little sister. I had missed her the last week and without even thinking about it I got up to hug her. Locked in our embrace I felt my nipple rub against her face and I suddenly stepped back.
Emily started asking what I was doing. I didn’t know at first if I wanted to tell her everything. But the more I thought about it, I knew that I couldn’t keep all this to myself anymore. I figure that if anyone would understand and be able to help me, it would be her. So I told her almost everything. How it started, how it made me feel, the incredible orgasms, what I did early this morning. The only thing I left out was that I stole her dildo. I wasn’t sure how she would react to that, and I wasn’t ready to test that yet with all the information I dropped in her lap.
When I was finished telling her as many details as I could I asked her to help me. She surprised me when she asked “what kind of help are you looking for?” I didn’t really know what she meant so I asked her to explain. She asked me a simple question. “Do you want to stop? Or do you want to take this further?”
“If you want to stop I’ll stay with for a few days and make sure you keep your clothes on I’ll basically detox you of this. But if you don’t want to stop, I can help you take things further, give you dates and tasks to do, meter out punishments if you don’t complete them.”
By the time she finished talking I knew what my answer was.
“I want you to help me take this further.”
My pussy was in control now. A mischievous smile grew upon her face. Then she asked,
“When do you want to start?”
“Now”
Was my reply. She sat back for a second and looked at her phone to check the time. I Instinctually took a second to look at mine as well it was 1:00 in the afternoon. Suddenly I could see she had come up with something.
“Go get the mail”.
I was shocked to hear her say it. I would surely be caught. It was the middle of the day. Anybody near by would see me. There was no way I could do that. I protested stating that there was no way I could do it. She was ready for that though,
“You just said you wanted me to help you. I told you that if you don’t do what I say I’d come up with a punishment for you. I promise it will be worse then what I’m telling you to do now.”
Something in her tone told me she was deadly serious about this. I was beginning to worry that I had created a monster. So I asked,
“You promise you’ll never do anything to hurt me?”
“I promise”
Was her reply as she held out her pinky finger. We had always swore to keep each others secrets this way, and it reassured me that I was in good hands.
Resolved to do what I was told, I made my way to the gate. I poked my head outside and scanned my surroundings. There was nobody visible from my vantage point. I felt Emily come up behind me and she whispered in my ear,
“Don’t run, you should savior the moment. I’ll take a video on my phone for you to have later.”
So I started walking. I wanted to use my hands to cover up, but that would have ruined the experience. Slowly I walked down the driveway and into the open where any one of a hundred hidden eyes could be watching me. I didn’t see them, but I could feel them. I got to the mailbox, opened it, and retrieved the contents within. I went to turn around and retreat back to Emily, but instead I stood there basking in what I was doing.
This had been and insane risk. My nude teen body was on display for anyone to see. If my neighbors looked out his front window they would see me, if they came down the lane in the car they would see me. I was completely exposed and I was loving every second of it.
I’m the distance I heard and engine heading my way. If they turned down our road I would be caught, but most likely they would pass on by and as long as they didn’t look right they would miss me. So I stayed put. I figure my chances of getting caught were about 30%. I listened to the engine grow louder and louder, but still I stood there. Then I watched it drive past our lane on the way somewhere else.
The risk I took had down it for me. I finally retreated back to Emily who greeted me with an enormous hug. It was nice, but I needed to orgasm desperately at this point. I sat down in the gate opening facing the street and started teasing my clit. I could feel myself building to something incredible, but I needed more.
“I need something in my pussy!”
I groaned out loud. I watched as Emily looked around to find something. She ran off and came back with an aluminum can of sunscreen. I took the bottom end and started working it into my pussy. The aluminum was so cold, but the sensation put me over the top. As my orgasm hit me, I literally screamed out loud for a few seconds before slumping to the ground. Emily helped me back inside and into the shower where I regained most of my congestive ability.
When I was done I walked to my room to find Emily browsing my computer. I asked her what she was doing and all she said was, “research” I say by her side for a few hours until my parents came home. We went down to eat dinner with them and infirm them of Emily staying the night. After dinner we told them Emily was going to help me with a project for school in my room.
Once back in my room my clothes came off again, and we spent a while longer looking at different porn sites and exhibitionist forums. By the time we were done it was well dark outside. Emily sat me down to lay out some guidelines she wanted me to follow. I’ll try my best to recollect the conversation work for work starting with Emily followed by me.
Emily: “There are a few ground rules I’m going to set for you now in the beginning.”
Me: “okay”
Emily: “I want you to go ahead and throw away all but a few sexy sets of your underwear and bras. You will only wear underwear when I expressly tell you you are can.
Me: “Easy enough I hate the way they feel now anyways”
Emily: “I will text you tasks I want to to complete. You will have 48 hours to complete said task and you must have picture or video proof to prove it.”
Me: “that’s a little scare but I trust you so okay.”
Emily: “failure to complete a task will result in some sort of punishment or humiliation that we will discuss at a later time.
Me: meekly “okay”
Emily: “Whenever you are alone with me, you must be naked. If at all possible I never want to see you in clothing again.”
Me: “I already planned to do that so that won’t be a big deal.
Emily: “If I come up with any more rules later, you are still bound to follow them same as what I’m saying here.”
Me: “Again I trust you not to hurt me, so I can do that.”
Emily: “Now that that is settled, we need to get you a few things to make this more fun.”
Me: “I like the sound of that”
Emily: “First I want you to get a jeweled but plug like this one here”
She showed me a few option and I picked out a set of three different sizes.
Emily: “Since it seems you need penetration to orgasm, next you need a good dildo so you can have something in your pussy when you need it.”
I saw this as an opportunity to try and get her to let me have the dildo that I already stole.
Me: “I’m sure you have something like that right? Can’t you just share it with me so I don’t have to wait on it getting delivered?”
She thought for a second before responding.
Emily: “I do have one dildo, but there is no way I can let you use it.”
Me: “oh come on I’ll clean it good first!”
Emily: “No it’s not that, just trust me, you don’t want it.”
Me: “Well why not?”
Emily: “Please let it go.”
Me: “Come on it can’t be that bad.”
Emily: “Okay don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
Me: “I promise I won’t make fun of you”
Emily: before your brother went to college we bought a Clone-a-Willy kit. It’s a dildo shaped exactly like your brother cock!”
I’d been fucking myself silly with a replica of my Brother cock. Kill me now please.