Disclaimer: All are over 18 years of age. This story is completely fictional. None of the characters portrayed are real, also none of these sexual encounters ever happened in real life. All the names, places, or events living or dead are purely coincidental.
Introduction: A Southend Professor has plans for two students. In this short story, Richard wants to get his and his girlfriend Sally's underwear returned after failing a uniform inspection at Southend College.
**********
After his last class of the day, Richard Richardson sat nervously for his girlfriend Sally Storm, under a tree with a bench, this is where they always met after class. He saw her walking slowly toward him. She had a look on her face that something was wrong. Sally wrapped her arms around him, kissing his mouth with tears in her eyes.
When the kiss ended they both began talking at once.
"I'm so sorry honey, but in my first class of the day the Professor took away your present and I had to spend the whole class naked."
The couple laughed when they realized they said the same thing at the same time. They sat holding hands, Sally asked is there any chance to get them back, because she really wanted to see him wearing it?
"Professor Tucker told me after class, she'd be willing to return them to us, if we meet her in her office. She mentioned something about a favor."
Sally agreed, they held hands, as they walked across the quad to the administration building. The Professor's office was on the second floor. Richard knocked then entered the outer office, sitting behind the desk was a female student, they noticed that she was topless. She seemed to be comfortable baring her breasts, there were no tan-lines.
Richard told her both their names, the teacher's assistant buzzed; informing her that the couple owning the under garments were here. They heard Professor Tucker's voice advising to send them in and they were not to be disturbed.
Inside the inner office, they noticed the female Professor leaning against her desk naked. She was facing the door with her legs spread and her hands on the desk. Sally and Richard gasped when they saw her hairless pussy, they also saw both sets of underwear hanging on the wall.
"Come in, please close the door. I see you noticed my new decorations. Underwear with hearts in all the right places turns me on, I couldn't help but masturbate looking at them. Sally all of us educators talk about what we confiscate from our students, so I made a deal with your math teacher. Something like this reminds me of my youth. Young love is so romantic, a gift of this type tells me you two are ready to give your innocence to each other is this not true?
"Y-Y-Yes ma'am, after six months together, I have decide to give Richard my virginity. I know it would be his first time also, so I thought of seeing each other in sexy underwear would brake the ice and put us in the right mood."
"I see Miss Storm, why don't you both get comfortable, I may be a History Professor, but I know much in giving and receiving pleasures of the flesh. I could make your first intercourse most enjoyable, if you will allow me. Would you like that?"
Sally gave Richard a smile, as she began to unbutton her top. Richard smiled back and did the same. Soon the students were just as nude as the Professor. As Richard stripped, he saw his teacher playing with her pussy, he was embarrassed when his cock became erect.
"No need to be embarrassed Richie, you have a good looking cock, you should be proud to show it off. I could see Sally is a little shy about having you enter her pussy."
"My dear Sally, it will be fine, no doubt you already know the vagina in a muscle, it will stretch to accommodate anything inserted into it."
"With some practice I am able to take a ten inch cock to the balls. I will make sure you are wet enough before your first lover pops your cherry."
"Since we are about to get intimate, why don't you call me Helen. Before we get started, both of you have to be completely honest with me, do you agree?"
"Yes ma'am" said Sally
"Yes, Professor, err I mean H- Helen," replied Richard.
"Sally dear, my name is Helen in this office, calling me ma'am makes me feel so old."
"I-I'm sorry Prof- err-H-Helen, its just I was taught to give respect to my elders and teachers. This is so weird being naked in my classes today. Biology was the most embarrassing."
"Yes, Gail does get rather passionate when she teaches reproduction. How did you feel about getting masturbated by your classmates? Richie you go first"
"A little nervous at first, so I closed my eyes and pretended it was Sally's hand and mouth on my penis and testicles."
Without being told Sally confessed her feelings.
"As I said I was embarrassed spreading my legs to a boy I had just met, when he touched my vagina lips and breasts I shook. The girl next to me told me to think it was my hand or my boyfriend, if I had one. I did the same thing Richard did, I closed my eyes and thought I was alone with him."
"Now lets not be so formal, Richie, that is a cock and balls between your legs. Sally and I both have a pussy, also on our chests are called tits, please use these terms, here and in class."
As Helen named each part, she touched them. Sally was shocked when the elder woman rubbed her pussy and nipples.
"Now lets get started, Sally please lay down on my desk. While I use my mouth and tongue on the left side of your body, Richie will do the same to your right. This is the best way to learn how to excite a woman; and get her ready to fuck. It is called fore-play."
Sally did as instructed, the table was cold, when Helen spread her legs, the girls nipples hardened and her pussy got wet. Her breathing quickened, Richie could see his girlfriend was getting excited, by the minute.
Helen took Richie's hand, placing it on Sally's clit hood. She told him to run one finger in circles and not stop, while she rubs her outer labia. He watched, as she got wetter and wetter, suddenly her red clitoris made it appearance.
Then Helen began to lick and suck Sally's aureole and nipple, Richie followed on his side of her body. He was also shown how to use his teeth, causing her nipples to grow. Sally began to moan and her body to wiggle uncontrollably.
Then they moved down her torso, taking turns tonguing her bellybutton. Sally had an outtie, later in biology they discovered only twenty-five to thirty percent of females have this type of navel. Richie wondered what would happen if he bit it like he did with her nipple. When he did, her pussy juiced all over the table, having her first cum of this session.
Slowly the female teacher and male student kissed their way down the virgin student legs. Helen taught Richie how to suck each toe. When her boyfriend tickled the sole of her foot with his tongue, Sally began to laugh, neither knew she was ticklish.
Both worked their way up the inside of each leg, one kiss at a time. The girl never felt anything like this in all her eighteen years; and was enjoying every second. Finally they reached her most hidden of treasures. By this time she was leaking her vaginal fluids by the pint, or so Richie thought.
Next, Professor Helen taught her male student how to use his mouth on her pussy lips and erect clit, by using her mouth first. Sally had her next orgasm, from her teacher; also she never would have thought she would have a woman do this to her.
Without giving her time to rest, Helen instructed Richie to do what she just did. When his lips touched her pussy for the first time, the taste of her essence was the best thing he ever tasted. Richie licked up every drop. He thought it as ambrosia, he learned of in Greek mythology.
Sally was breathing hard, moaning, and wiggling all over the Professor's desk, as her boyfriend ate her pussy, inside and out. Just before she was about to cum, Helen told him it was time to go to the next; and best part of lovemaking.
Helen told him to kneel on his desk, between Sally's legs. She held his erect cock, as he lowered himself into the folds of her drenched pussy. He only entered her a inch or so when he began to knock on her maiden head. Helen told him not to push in yet, just pump in and out a few times. She held her hand with one hand, the other on his ass to show him the rhythm.
Then suddenly, without warning, the teacher's finger entered his anus. He was startled, by reflex he jerked forward; his cock entered Sally's vagina all the way to the balls. When her hymen tore, Sally howled in pleasure.
Helen's assistant sat naked behind the closed door. She was listening over the intercom that was left on purposely. She was smiling, as she played with her hairless pussy.
The two lovers lay motionless, until Sally became accustomed to her first cock. Then slowly their sex teacher taught them how to move, so both would enjoy the experience. Helen cautioned Richie not to withdraw to much or he would slip out.
Sally and Richie were quick learners. Just as they were getting a good rhythm, Sally had cum again. The girl was sweating and breathing hard. Helen suggested Richie stop, so Sally could recover from her orgasm. As his cock was all the way in her body, Richie shifted back and forth against her torso, nibbling on her ear.
When Sally's breathing subsided, he began to pump again slowly at first, Helen lifted her legs, resting them on Richie's shoulders. In this position his cock touched something that drove Sally wild, she yelped in passion saying:-
"OH YES, fuck, that's the spot, your in so deep. Fuck me hard lover, I don't know why I waited so long for this. Baby, I want you to fuck me like this every day for as long as both live."
All the blood that should have been in his brain was in a different organ of his body, he couldn't respond to her comment even if he wanted to. Richie just fucked her faster and harder until he shot six or seven spurts of his hot semen deep into her cervix. Sally had cum again, this time mixing her sexual fluids with his.
Both lay on the desk recovering from their mutual climax. When their head cleared, they noticed Helen sitting in a chair. She had her legs spread wide with a rubber cock embedded in her snatch. She was smiling with her own juices dripping down her legs.
Finally the teacher was able to clearly convey her words to her pupils.
"Congratulations young lovers, I hope you enjoyed your first sexual intercourse. Richie, I surely enjoyed teaching you how to give pleasure to your girlfriend. Today was all about Sally, on Thursday, if you wish, it will be all about Richie. Now go in the shower and get cleaned up. I will gladly return the gifts you gave each other."
In the shower Sally and Richie soaped the others body from head to toe. They stood under the spray kissing, as the water rinsed the suds from their bodies. After they dried themselves the pair walked into the office.
The desk was a mess, it had a combination of both their drying sexual juices and Sally blood still on it. Helen stood holding their under garment, next to the chair she watched from.
As Professor Helen watched them put the articles on, she sat and massaged her clit.
The two lovers finally got to see each other in their gifts, but Helen Tucker made some alterations to them. Sally's red bra had a white heart over each tit, except there was a hole, her aureoles and erect nipples were completely exposed. As for her panties, they also had a been cut at the crotch, instead of a white heart, all could see the fluff of her untrimmed pubic hair.
Richard's white tank top had been left alone, it was so tight against his chest; his nipples could plainly be seen. However the boxers with red hearts now had a split on each side from the bottom all the way up to the waist, also part of the crotch was cut away. These boxers looked almost like a short skit, but anyone could tell they were mens underwear.
As for their school uniforms, they were nowhere to be seen. Helen told them that those articles were to replace their under garments, but please never to wear any unauthorized garments to class again. Professor Tucker then opened the door, before the students were free to go back to their dorm, Helen told them to think about shaving off their pubic hair.
The assistant stood at the door of the outer office, they now knew that she was to be completely naked in the office. The couple held hands, held their heads high and walked out of the administration building. They passed many students and faculty members, not paying them any mind.
Richard and Sally held hands, as they walked proudly barefoot across the quad. There was a slight breeze causing the cloth of Richie's garment exposing his genitals to all those that looked. The same breeze also caused Sally's clitoris to emerge from its hiding place and nipples to harden.
With all that has happened throughout the day, this walk was the most erotic, it was a great turn-on for both of them. The lovers discovered that they were exhibitionists. Sally told her boyfriend that she liked Richie better than Richard; and will call him that all the time. He said he enjoyed Helen calling him Richie better also.
As both were freshman and neither belonged to any sorority or fraternity. They had to resided in the same dorm. Females rooms were on the second floor, males on the third.
On the landing of the second floor the lovers embraced, kissing and feeling the others sex-organs openly, not caring who saw. Each went to their own room to do homework and prepare for the next day of classes. Both could not wait until Thursday, for more of Professor Tucker's lessons.