It was Valentine's Day and my girlfriend, Pamela, and I had arranged to go out for a nice romantic meal that evening. We had, luckily enough, managed to get a reservation at a local restaurant and so I arranged for a taxi to collect us from her house.
Pamela was three years younger than me, and last month we had celebrated her eighteenth birthday. I had bought her a diamond necklace and matching earrings, which she was now wearing. She looked gorgeous in her tight black dress covering her curvy body. Her shiny necklace was perfectly situated to show off her ample cleavage.
The taxi arrived and took us to our destination. We enjoyed our meal and afterwards we entered the bar area to have one last drink and to call a taxi. Pamela had arranged to stay at my house for a couple of days, as my parents were away for their annual vacation, and i had the idea of spending a couple of romantic days alone with her. But sometimes things do not always go as planned.
It took us a while to arrange a ride home, as most taxis were busy and it was getting late. Pamela was now getting annoyed, but eventually at almost midnight we stood outside and managed to get a taxi, or so we thought. We went to approach the taxi and was pushed aside by a group of people and we lost our ride home. Pamela was now so angry that she began to walk home. All I could do was follow her. It was a chilly night and we had drunk one wine too many at that point and my house was a few miles away.
We had walked a short distance and Pamela, was still angry. I wanted to go back to the restaurant to try to get another taxi, and also because it was cold, but before I could persuade my girlfriend to go back a car pulled up beside us.
The man, an older gentleman in his 40's, unwound his window and beckoned my girlfriend over to him. Within a few moments Pamela had opened the rear door and climbed into the back of the guy's car. I rushed forward as Pamela called me over and i proceeded to climb into the rear seat with her.
The man was a work friend of Pamela's father and, luckily for us, as he was passing by, he offered us a lift home. His name was Dave, and pamela had known him for a few years, so and I told him my address and we headed home.
On the way home he spoke to pamela as he drove, glancing now and again at her in the rear view mirror, and asked her how she was. she had now began to calm down and before long we were pulling up onto the driveway of my house.
I reached into my pocket to find some cash to give to Dave, for taking his time to get us home safely. As we got out of the car, Dave asked if he could use the toilet before he went home. We entered the house, with Dave following and I told him where the bathroom was. Pamela sat on the sofa and removed her high heels and I sat next to her.
I was feeling really tired by now, but pamela was feeling more relaxed and moved closer and began to kiss me. As we kissed I saw Dave, quietly standing just outside the sitting room doorway. He was going to say goodbye, and leave but I ignored him and carried on kissing Pamela. She had her back to him, but she knew he was standing there watching us, so she chose to ignore him too.
I felt excited as we kissed. The thought of another person watching had got me really turned on. I began to lift Pamela's black dress up and she helped me remove it from over her head. We were all caught up in the moment and somehow, Pamela found herself sitting on the sofa in her black lacey bra and knickers. At that point Dave had slowly edged closer into the room, and was standing across the room in front of us.
Pamela, looked up at Dave and went bright red with embarrassment but I kissed her again and fumbled as I managed to remove her knickers. Then I reached around and unclipped her bra. By now Dave was sitting on the chair opposite us and sat in silence watching us. Then Pamela stood up, covering her curvy tits with her arms, and ran upstairs. I followed her and found her sitting on my bed.
She looked sexy, sitting there with her short chubby body exposed. All she had on was her diamond earrings and necklace. I went towards her and kissed her again and pushed her onto her back. I pulled my trousers and pants down, and we ended up in bed together and then Dave came upstairs and stood by the door. Even though Pamela was really embarrassed, she pulled me close and we kissed. Under the covers I positioned myself between her open thighs and pushed myself into her wet hole.
We usually use protection when we fuck, but everything happened so fast and with Dave standing there watching I did not want to stop and open the drawer and look for a condom. It was too late now, my hard cock was already inside her wet hairy pussy. As I slowly fucked her, I noticed Dave coming closer and standing by the bed. Pamela began to giggle, and then she looked at Dave and then turned her head away to the side to hide from him. At that point I felt the need to shoot my load. I reached below and grabbed my cock and pulled it from Pamela's hole. My cock twitched and I shot my warm spunk all over her thighs and on the bed sheets. It all happened quickly and the sex was over in minutes.
As I got off Pamela, I climbed out of the bed while still keeping her covered by the duvet. I had my hands covering my deflating cock, to hide it from Dave. Pamela had now covered her face with her long brown hair to hide her embarrassment.
As I pulled up my trousers, I watched as Dave moved forward and pulled down the duvet to expose the top half of Pamela. She lay there quietly, with her head turned to the side and her face still slightly covered by her hair. Her round tits were now showing and Dave then looked over at me and then looked back at Pamela's exposed top half. I just stood there watching in silence as Dave moved his hands towards my girlfriend's naked form. His right hand began to rub her breasts and he started to squeeze her nipples gently between his finger and thumb. Then he moved his hand towards her face and brushed her hair away, so he could see her. Dave then slowly moved his face towards hers and began to kiss her on the lips. At this point, Pamela had come to her senses and moved her head away and Dave stepped back.
I then moved forward and pulled the duvet back up to cover Pamela's body. She looked up at me, with a embarrassed look, and smiled. She then giggled and asked Dave to leave. The event only lasted for a few minutes but i felt excited having just witnessed an old man touch my girlfriend's tits and kiss her.
I lead him downstairs, as demand by Pamela, and he quietly and disappointedly left. I then rushed back upstairs to find Pamela sitting naked on the bed grinning. We both agreed it had excited us, but I knew Pamela was very embarrassed and it was getting late now and all we wanted to do was sleep, instead of discussing it.
The following morning we spoke about what had happened and when Pamela told me she wanted to fuck him, but felt shy, my cock grew hard instantly. I reached for a condom and placed it on my hard cock and climbed between her chubby thighs. I pushed my cock into her hairy wet hole and began to fuck her hard. When ever Pamela is enjoying sex she always makes a high pitched squeaking noise, and this morning she was especially loud as she reached an orgasm. It didn't take me long to shoot my load into the condom and then we laid side by side thinking about Dave.
The thought of seeing Dave and Pamela together really turned me on and Pamela felt the same. We spoke more about what happened and Pamela suggested we invite him back. We were very nervous, but Pamela said she would arrange it.
Our Valentine's Day wasn't romantic, like I had originally planned, but it was very sexy and i can't wait until Pamela arranges something with Dave. I just hope we don't get too embarrassed, as I really want to see my sexy, curvy girlfriend fuck another man.