Esperanza holds on to her dream, Maria holds on to her brothers. Share and share alike.
*****
"Land Ho!"
"You heard the Captain Ho...land." Oscar Barnett pointed as he sat next to his wife Esperanza, freshly dressed after cleaning up from her adventurous sex at sea. Twice she was nailed by their bodyguard Randolph, once instigated privately below deck while Oscar was busy helping steer the small yacht. Allowing the Captain to fuck his wife on deck right beside his fishing perch she enjoyed her day in the sun.
"You refer to me as a ho?"
"We all know the truth Esperanza, no need to deny that fact. Told you, I knew long before we met what you were capable of. Even that lil' rendezvous with Randolph down below, you really think he wouldn't fess up? I pay his ass too good to go and betray me."
She lowers her eyes defeated, "It is I who have betrayed you."
"Not the first time." He glares at her at an angle making her squirm in her seat. She knew that he was aware of her connection to his son Tyson back in Texas, one he allowed rather than get angry over. What he didn't know was her giving another of his son's Wiley a blowjob in his bedroom doorway. At least she presumed he didn't know...yet. Perhaps he did. This was her time to fess up and build upon a trust.
"Husband? Forgive me, I am used to getting what I want."
"Part of why I married ya."
"It...is?"
"Yep! You want my money, and the power to do as you please. I told you I'd make you happy...and I will...long as you make me happy. I can read your guilt Esperanza, don't think I don't know about you on your knees gobblin' my boy Wiley."
"I was prepared to admit this guilt. Why do you not let me confess my shame?"
"You take too long. Let me make something clear before we step out on those docks. I own you body and soul. Do I truly love you? Like the dickens...pardon the pun." He winked yet remained stern in expression, "You having sex with others is something I enjoy watchin'. When I know you're happy, I'm happy. Plenty more where Randy and Ron come from Esperanza. The holes get moles." She had no clue exactly what that meant, but guessed. She presumed correctly.
"I will inform you of my desires going forward Husband, and await you to allow me to partake."
"Nonsense! Take what ya want woman. Just understand that on occasion you'll be seducin' some business clients of mine. No arguing."
"I shall not argue."
"This here honeymoon nest is gonna test you Esperanza. Prove yourself or I'll divorce you and leave you with nothin'. I'll even take that dime."
"You would do this knowing my love for you?"
"We Texans know how to cut a rope if the bull is too full of shit."
"How must I prove myself?"
"The word no is forbidden."
"As you wish."
"Slip up and say that word even once the rest of your days with me and you can go back to South America and return to your lousy life there."
"I...lived well. I gave Maria a very good life in Cartagena, unlike most single mothers."
"Whoring yourself out to wealth."
"I had what they desired Husband. What you were attracted too if I am not mistaken."
"Ya got me there. I fell for that sly grin at the corner of your mouth the second I saw you."
"Before or after I licked up the cum of my client. I had just finished him off when you came into the club."
"I reckon after...I didn't get a good look at you until your face left his pecker."
"May we conclude then that it was an afterthought?"
"I suppose so. I chose you to accompany me to my hotel room. You won me over by sunrise."
"You stayed longer than you intended. This is what captured my attention. Even I need love Husband."
"You took a chance on me. Allowed me to meet your daughter. Hearing how you hid her away so, proved that you didn't want secrets from me."
"I would never abandon Maria for any man. To be with you she would become a part of your life as well, a suitable father that I had denied her."
"And, I plan on being her Daddy. I never had me a daughter as you know. Bet on my spoiling your youngun."
"Yet, I fear..."
Captain Ron interrupted her insinuation, probably for the best when he delicately tooted a horn to guide interest to the dock platform. Easing in to moor, Randolph tossed the ropes to a pair of burly natives wearing only swimming trunks, their bulges formidable beneath such skimpy material. Esperanza noticed their beasts as they stood up from tying the yacht to large poles. Helping her to her feet Oscar pulled her to his chest and kissed her on the lips. Upon parting he sighs, "Don't think for one second I don't love you. No matter what happens while we're here. Is that clear Wife?"
"Yes Husband. I will trust you."
Another round of sweltering kisses gives the welcoming committee time to venture from the shore out to the dock. Once the two lovers peeled away from one another Oscar looked up. "ARCHIBALD!" Above him stood a thin, reasonably tall man in a floral button down shirt and white shorts. He had dark brown hair well groomed to accompany a thin beard.
"Welcome to Fantasy Island." He swooped his arms out as if the traditional Mr. Rourke from the original TV show. "I've stolen the phrase. It works here don't you think? This is the lovely Esperanza that you speak so highly of?"
She smiles sheepishly, somehow doubting that to be the case. Noting Archie motioning the moor hands to claim their luggage, brought up by Randolph from below deck Esperanza felt a chill for some reason. Passing them over Archie pulled the man aside who held Esperanza's suitcases, whispering into his ear. In a blur the man casts her bags over into the water and lets them float. Esperanza in awe squeals at their loss. "HUSSSSBANNNND?"
"You won't be needin' your things."
"Why?"
More native men ventured on to the dock as Oscar's luggage alone is taken away. Guiding Esperanza up into awaiting arms everyone debarked the yacht save for Captain Ron. Once Oscar stood behind Esperanza, Archie introduced himself properly, kissing her hand. She had a hard time meeting eyes with him for whimpering at her lost luggage.
"Get on with it Arch." Oscar smirked.
Stepping back Archie motioned the men behind him to move closer. Surrounding Esperanza as Oscar joined Randolph further back she had a panic attack. Knives were being pulled out of their trunk sheaths, very large knives.
"Please do not move suddenly Mrs. Barnett." Archie prompted her as the men aggressively gripped her arms and throat. Knives set about severing her dress from her perfect body, tossing the ribbons of ripped away clothing into the water alongside her luggage. With only her heels left on Archie stepped to her imprisoned presence, gripping her chin to enforce their locked gaze. "This is all you are allowed to wear while on my island. Cover up in any fashion and you will be severely punished." A black collar is attached and locked to her throat, a white carved cameo directly in front for an attractive accent. On the cameo was the brand of Oscar's cattle back home, that of a longhorn steer head with a bold letter B on it's forehead.
"Punished? Husband? What is the meaning of this?" She spoke as she was lifted to remove her heels, they too went into the sea. Nude she was.
"Take her to the bungalow." Oscar ignored her. Instead he allowed Esperanza to witness him step around her and move toward the end of the dock where two beautiful naked blonds equally as perfect as Esperanza herself stood oiled up just as Oscar had requested back on the main island. Randolph following him left her behind. Even an exceptionally muscular woman, a definite bodybuilder followed them away as glossy as the other two beauties. Certainly this was Brunhilda.
Encouraging Esperanza along the men whom had shredded her dress force her into a small cage on the bed of an older model pickup truck. Locked in Esperanza gripped the bars weeping. "Noooo!" There it was. A walky talky crackled to life sparking Oscar's voice, "I heard that. What did I say about that word No?"
"HUSBAND PLEASE! It was the shock of everything. Please do not leave me."
"Punish her."
A man in charge lifted a tiny remote and pushed a button, instantly a jolt of electricity coursed through her body sending her toppling to the truck bed on her back. As soon as the jolt faded she wept, "What have I done?"
Maria came to mind.
********
Texas...Longhorn Manor...middle of nowhere...
Maria Blanco lay in Owen Barnett's bed wide awake. After the fact, she had just lost her virginity to her new stepbrother just a day ago, having endured him a second time it was much more fun. So far only Owen had taken her sexually, she wondered what her other brothers would be like in bed. Wanting desperately to become a woman in her mind she allowed it. So she considered it that technically Owen took what he wanted and made it appear as her choice. Oh, she screamed bloody murder, bloody indeed. He was forced to bath her in the tub she had lost it in as well as change his bedding before they could rest comfortably.
With her own bedroom haunted she begged to stay with him a second night. Yet, the more she lay there in Owen's arms the more she missed her ghosts. If she only knew those ghosts were fabricated by Matthew Barnett utilizing hologram technology he had bought from a local special effects company that he had long ago invested in. For all intents and purposes his late Aunt Harriet was becoming Maria's new best friend. Slowly, she still feared her. Imaginary? Ehhhh!
Having to pee Maria carefully peeled her flesh from Owen's side, amazed yet frightened by the fact that even in his slumber Owen Barnett still had a lingering erection. From her knelt position next to him she explored his body in the moonlight seeping through his skylight above his bed. He was so strong, and his body very chiseled, even for a girl who had never been around men before the Barnett boys she was drawn to it. Subtle caresses over his six pack abs gave her goosebumps, each breath he took made her fear touching him, finally her bladder forced her to take her leave.
Closing his bathroom door so as not to disturb him she turned on the light and limped to the toilet sitting down to tinkle. It was almost painful to pee, her body adjusting to having been ripped wide to accept his monstrous cock. The sensations of his fucking her were still present in the form of imagination. Painful yes, glorious once it was all said and done. Processing everything took awhile, but it was sinking in that her new life was to become what men desired. She felt that in order to be a woman of mind and body that she needed to follow every lesson her brothers taught. While terrifying in some aspects even she had to conclude that it was beautiful, this thing they called sex. Wet humping was rather fun.
Even the white devil pouring freely out of men proved that she was the master over it. The ooze listened to her when she commanded it to come to her, it was a magical trait. For one so very naïve Maria felt good about herself. Fear was a fleeting coward. She would be a woman before her Mother came home...or else. Her only dissolution was why it was taking so long. It was as if her brothers wanted to keep her from being an adult, when technically she was. She was eighteen if barely, yet her actions, her appearance, even her tone of voice often proved otherwise. Either way, she adored her new brothers.
Orgasms were new to her, this past week experiencing them more and more often in some fashion. This night with Owen was the most intense yet, there were long moments of pause in expression, then even longer channels of bubbly smiles. Her body felt remarkable, the actions of sex were just as her brothers had spoken, once she let herself be wet humped she would want it all the time. They were not wrong.
Washing her hands after peeing she turned out the light and crept back to bed. Standing at the foot watching Owen sleeping on his back her eyes adjusted to the darkness. There it was again, his dick was as hard as it was when they wet humped. Mesmerized by it she wondered, "Is he still in pain? Has the white devil returned already? My brothers did say it sometimes attacks them two or three times a day. Should I..." She wanted to help Owen, yet he was snoring soundly, waking him might bring on agony. Perhaps it was better to let him rest.
"I want to be cuddled." She pouts tempted to crawl back under his arm, yet that could potentially hurt him if she jarred him awake under such a big erection. With a sigh she tiptoed away toward his bedroom door and left Owen to his pleasant dreams. There were other brothers to cuddle with.
The hallway was lit up in a low glow of electrical wall mounted torches giving her enough vision to see by. Exploring her options she saw darkness under Jacob's doorway, Tyson she knew was away on business. Wiley's threshold was dark but she knew he was a night owl, it was possible he was downstairs in the family room. Matthew might still be awake as well, he required less sleep than his brothers, working diligently from home on cases for the FBI. She would go downstairs and see.
In passing her bedroom she stopped, rubbing her arms against a light chill, tempted to enter her room she touched her doorknob. Just before turning it, the knob turned itself beneath her faint grasp. Gasping at the knowledge it was not of her doing she found her door easing open of it's own volition. Within she saw her television glaring a snowy static. Afraid to enter she whimpered until she heard that buzzing like bees. Now it was accompanied by very low pitch birds similar to the canary her Nanny often brought over to entertain Maria growing up. Birds and bees, what a combination, one that went right over her head. Seeing the fuzzy lighting from her television she found the courage to whisper, "Aunt Harriet?"
"I am here Sweet One." She heard which offered a loving tone, reassuring even. "I told you I would look in on you. Come...let us talk."
"A-are your...friends here too?" She worried more about all the naked ghosts that gangbanged poor Aunt Harriet the last time she stood inside this room.
"No child. They are elsewhere. I am alone. You...sound troubled." Concern let Maria risk stepping into her bedroom, expecting her door to close and lock behind her it surprised her when it remained open. "You may come and go as you please. Have no fear I will always look after you. We girls must stick together."
As if Harriet was real, unknown to Maria this whole scenario was Matthew Barnett using holograms to recreate porn images yet transplanting Harriet's features over the porn star he was utilizing. Matthew wasn't really evil but he found ways to get the job done. His job being to prepare Maria to be a good little sex partner for he and his family. His Father in particular, if any were evil it was more than likely Oscar. Immense wealth gets a man whatever his soul desires, he had Maria's mother, he wanted her daughter too. The fact that Maria was one of the most beautiful young women on the planet only added to their lust. She being clueless to society only assisted their training.
Shuffling out in front of her TV she observed the snowy vision of Harriet. This was in her crossover state between Heaven and Earth he would tell Maria in Harriet's doctored voice. Using his own voice to exchange words with her.
"I let Owen wet hump me." Maria shyly revealed.
"You did? I am proud of you Maria. How did it feel?"
"It hurt really bad at first. I screamed a lot. Owen is really, really big."
"A family curse I fear." Harriet revealed, "Most all of the Barnett bloodline was...well hung."
"Well hung? I do not understand, their...dicks never hang down, they're always standing up."
"That means you are doing something right Maria. Men who are attracted to you will always look that way. The white devil within them only preys upon that. When men get hard and erect the devil uses them, creates a pain that will not end until it has been purged."
"I know. I get the white stuff to come out all the time. I think it likes me."
"Then you must keep up the good work Maria. I learned a very long time ago that it was my job to help men, you take so much after me, almost as if we were related."
"I am a member of this family now. Therefore you and I are family."
"That is true. You are so very smart Maria. I am sorry my...friends scared you before. They tend to show up unexpectedly, they cannot resist taking me. I so adore sex."
"Sex is wet humping?" She was finally connecting dots even if her brothers somewhat hinted around that that was what sex really was.
"Yes Dear. There are many things you can learn from your brothers. Even your new Father. Oscar Barnett is a very loving man, set in his ways but strong and demanding."
"He loves my mommy."
"Of course, he does. He loves you as well."
"My brothers tell me that I will need to show what I'm learning to Oscar. It will be him that decides if I am a woman or still a girl."
"Never wish to grow old Maria. A woman will come when you least expect it. Enjoy your youth, let men enjoy your youth. I did not become a woman until I was 25." Matthew fought off chuckling after saying that.
"25? I just turned 18. Noooo! I want to be a woman now." She stomps her foot on the carpet.
"Patience my Sweet. Tantrums will only prove to men that you are not ready to be a woman. You must learn all things having to do with becoming a woman, not just sexually, although that should be your priority. Rescuing men, feeling good about yourself, sharing your passion, easing the pain and sorrow of men should be your center. Touch is the key. Emotional adoration is what will get you far in your quest."
"Emotional adoration?"
"Yes, kiss them, touch them, hold them as you want to be held. Learn to make men desire you even if they are distracted by something else. It is often called seduction, I call it requirement. In my life I would go after them, show them that I was more important than anything else. I must go Maria, I have overstayed my time on this plain...go now, try what I have told you. Seek out one of your brothers and demand attention without being forceful. Respect is everything, merely let them know you are in need as well."
"I will try. Will I see you again?"
"I will always be nearby, even if I am unable to commune. There are only certain times of any day that offer windows to this world. I will find you...I will..." Harriet was gone, Maria's TV shutting off and leaving Maria sad.
"I will miss you Harriet." She spoke to the void. Even Matthew heard her well. It hit him like a brick her sudden attachment to a ghost. Strangely, he nearly choked up, using that moment to pour himself a Cognac and set back at his Father's desk. Knowing his game had to proceed for his Father, he would see it to it's end, yet it certainly did make him uneasy. Maybe he wasn't as bad as the prey he took down as an FBI profiler.
********
Back in Fiji...Fantasy Island for some...not for Esperanza Barnett...
It was a long grueling ride to the interior of the island, jolted first into submission by her collar, then tossed about by bumpy paths into the jungle. She bawled her eyes out at just how stupid she was. Oscar Barnett was obviously an animal. Yet, he seemed so dashing, so caring, she could not resist him upon first sight. Strangely, it wasn't even his billionaire status that drew her to him. She loved his rugged compassion. Now? Her brain was just on survival mode.
Reaching a large building buried in the overgrowth of jungle, she could hear and smell the ocean but could not see it. Another vehicle pulled in behind her where she could see the inhabitants. One was Oscar's good friend Archie, the other a shorter man with only a chain necklace on over his muscled chest. Sunglasses in his blond hair. Stepping out of their vehicle they met the driver and his co-pilot from the truck she was brought in on.
"I hope your ride was not too unbearable Mrs. Barnett." Archie spoke up approaching the door to her cage. She remained silent, attempting to show him no tears. Until she understood her situation better she intended to be proud.
"May I introduce my associate Jericho, he will take you from here." She watches her driver unlock her cage and open the door. Jericho offered a hand in helping her out but she refused and crawled out on her own.
"Elegant and strong this one." Jericho spoke, obviously an Aussie. "A lovely one for certain."
Archie intervened his removing of shackles, "A moment Jericho." He then lifted Esperanza's hand, "You won't be needing this wedding band. Your marriage is annulled until otherwise notified by Oscar."
"WHAT? NO! I AM HIS BRIDE." Another shock led her to repent with trembling hands. She realized then that she had spoken that word "No", yet again. It was as if Oscar was listening until she noted Archie with his own remote.
"Please do not force me to use this regularly Esperanza. I do not wish you harm."
"Why is Oscar doing this to me?"
"E're here to break your mojo." Jericho grinned.
"You may try." She lifted her chin out of defiance, "I will prove myself to my husband." She in response removed her own wedding bands and hands them to Archie. "I will earn them back."
"That's the spirit." Archie smiled, "Breaking said spirit I'm afraid is our job. Jericho? Escort Mrs...the guest to her quarters in the bungalow if you please."
"Aye Mate." Jericho took her shackles in hand and turned her toward the front doors of the rather large stone shelter. She walked in front of him at a nudged distance, "Sweet lil' ass you have there Missy. I look forward to taking it meself."
"If my husband wishes it, you may have it." Anything to help her get through to Oscar, she sensed he was listening somehow. If not she had just invited the enemy to her bed. She presumed she had a bed.
"I see no problemo there. Your...owner sounds like a givin' fellow."
"Owner you say?" She shivers, "I suppose this to be true."
"Is if you ever expect to leave this charmin' place."
"Body and soul...I am my Husband's."
"Annulled Missy...ye've been brushed aside far as any white veils."
"I have faith in...my owner." A door is ushered open by a large Samoan man and she is guided through. Head held high Esperanza was there to show her strength. That is until she heard a deafening scream. More than one, all women. Stopping short until Jericho pinched her on the ass.
"Keep moving Sinmate."
"Sinmate?" She tilted her gaze to peer over her shoulder, "A prisoner of love?"
"Pure lust. Those girly girl whiners ain't obeyin' so kindly. They will." A finger in her anal pucker made Esperanza tense up, "Keep movin' follow the yella brick road." There was indeed yellow bricks in the floor. Eying them she realized something kept to herself, "Those are actual gold bricks. Who are these people?"
"Noticed the bullion have ya? A new bar is planted as payment with each new Sinmate. Beauty for beauty Arch says."
"Worth my weight in gold?" She dares to question.
"I reckon Mr. Barnett thinks ye are. Gold Bar...Net worth I say." He played on the Barnett name. She found it strangely charming. The corridor led in front of a pair of glass walls two feet thick almost as if an aquarium. Through the glass she witnessed women being tortured sexually in one fashion or another. Bound women hanging upside down, hogtied over objects, spread eagle with shock staffs jolting them into submission. It made Esperanza uneasy, yet she chose to keep calm. "I especially like the China Doll over there in the corner." Jericho pointed out a tiny Chinese beauty with short black hair who like Esperanza appeared proud and taking punishment as if it barely fazed her. "That one's from Mainland China. Royalty they say, poise and grace under pressure she shines."
"Evidently we share that in common." She expressed with confidence.
"I do believe that about ye Sinmate. Nuff oglin' be on ye'er way." A slap to her ass this time Esperanza moves onward. Reaching the end of the hallway it became left or right. Stopping there Jericho prompts, "Far as I go Missy. Allow me to remove ye'er shackles there." He unlocks her wrists and pulls her restraints away expecting resistance. Esperanza merely massaged her wrists.
"Thank you for the tour."
"Good luck to ye."
"Am I to stand here shivering?"
"Choose ye'er own path." He motions in both directions at the same time then crosses his arms as if switching choices. "Choose wisely, the wrong direction ain't so pleasant."
"Then, I shall go right, if left is the wrong direction."
"On with ye then."
She turned right and went downward along a sloped corridor all alone. Finding a string of doors with windows she takes a moment to peer in. Within each room was a different woman. One on her knees praying, another scrawling marks on a wall with bloody nails to mark how long she had obviously been there. At first Esperanza thought it was all just some staged act until a third woman pounded on her glass pleading for help. The trauma in her eyes was unmistakable, she was ready for a nervous breakdown. Emotionless Esperanza moved on, the final door she found the room empty, turning the door knob she found it unlocked and opened it. Prepared to enter of her own volition she heard a female voice over the speaker above the door.
"That room is taken. It appears you have no where to stay."
"Then I will sleep in the hallway."
"Welcome Sinmate Esperanza. My name is Doctor Rachel Koch. I'll be your therapist to decide whether or not you are ready to return to society...or...remain here indefinitely."
"My husband...Oscar will bring me home. Do your worst I shall persevere."
"I applaud your bravery Esperanza, however I must tell you...that will not sway my final report. You will find misery here, feel for your...sisters."
"They are not my sisters. Nor shall I pretend them to be."
"That is your choice. We will meet in person over the next few weeks."
"Will I? Why do we not meet now." She opens the empty room further and it lights up, an obvious illusion as to the interior. Within the room sat a woman not much older than Esperanza, her desk filled with files. Beside her stood another woman, a very muscular woman, bodybuilder for certain. She looked very mean.
"Very astute of you Esperanza. You are the first ever to realize this room was a false front. Please join us, have a seat." Rachel motioned her to a chair across from her. Taking it at the other woman's insistence Esperanza sat elegantly. "Okay, this part will go into your file. Well done."
"The other rooms. The girls, they are actresses. Bloody nails such as hers she would have bled to death by now. The woman praying I presume does not believe in God, she acted as if unsure how best to pray."
"And, the panic stricken woman?" Rachel winced awaiting an answer.
"Does a prisoner here any time at all have manicured fingernails and plucked eyebrows? She even wore mascara. I presume she is an employee?"
"Impressive."
"Please tell me exactly why I am here. Oscar owes me that much. I have sworn loyalty to him going forward already. There is nothing I would not do for my hus-my man."
"Your man?" Rachel sighs, "You see? There lies your problem. He is not yours to possess, you are his."
"I have told him I would obey anything he asked of me."
"Asked?"
"Anything he directly tells me to. Do not misconstrue my words."
"Yet, you choose to do as you yourself wish to behind his back. Even with his son's from what I hear."
"Yes, this is true. Oscar has told me that I will sleep with them often when I return to Texas."
"Yes, of course." Rachel clasps her hands, "My associate here is Mistress Maeve. She will take you to your actual habitat, you shall begin reconditioning tomorrow."
"The women behind the walls of glass?"
"You appear quite intelligent. Are they actresses?" Rachel smirked.
"They are not. As I told Jericho and Archie, do your worst. I will...serve Oscar well."
"You think before speaking, that is a good start."
"Am I too remain naked?"
"Most definitely. Guests...are forbidden to wear clothing or jewelry. You are your sole possession."
"I am not, I am Oscar Barnett's possession. All that I..." She falters pondering her former words of, "possess is his." , while thinking suddenly of Maria.
"Yes?" Rachel expected a finish to her sentence.
"All that I...wish is to be his."
"Ah! I thought for a moment there you were owning something that you would not relinquish." Hearing this Esperanza holds her breath before growling. In doing so Mistress Maeve steps up as if expecting Esperanza to lunge for the Doctor. Instead Esperanza leers at Maeve with a warm smile.
"You may unclench your fists. I will relinquish all that I own to Oscar."
"You have a daughter...no?" Rachel tested her.
"Yes. Maria...is old enough to make her own decisions. I...do not own her."
"Of course you do. You gave birth to her, if anyone has rights to say you own her it is you."
"Do not twist this Doctor. If I must offer my daughter to prove myself to Oscar...I will." Like hell she would but the Doctor need not know this.
"Mister Barnett's son...Matthew I believe, he is a Profiler for North America's FBI. Do you think he would believe in the sincerity of your answer?"
"That would be for him to decide."
"Yes..." Rachel sighs, "That will be all for today. Mistress Maeve? Will you take her to be sanitized then show her, her habitat?"
"UP!" Maeve insisted hovering to Esperanza's side. Without further encouragement she stood up and glanced toward a corner of the ceiling where a camera resided. Expressing herself as if saying, "I will not fail you." , she hoped that Oscar was watching. Indeed he was.
From his own bungalow he lay in bed naked with his blond beauties, both sucking his monster cock at the same time with aggressive talent. One deep throating, the other licking his shaft from the side. He however watched a monitor feed overseeing Esperanza's every move. He seemed rather impressed. "This island have ESPN?" Maybe not.
*********************
Texas...U.S.of A.
"Matthew?"
Drunk upon her arrival Matthew Barnett was half asleep. "Maria? Why aren't you in bed?"
"I could not sleep. May I sit with you?"
"Sure! Want some Cognac?" He offered lifting a near empty bottle, she refused with a rapid negativity.
"I do not want to throw up again."
"Right! Bottled water in the mini fridge over there if you want one."
"I am not thirsty. Matthew?"
"Yeah?"
"Owen wet humped me. I liked it."
"He did? You do?" He aimed to express concern, knowing all along what his younger brother had done.
"Yes. Is it bad of me to want more of that?"
"No, it's not. A real woman craves it every second of every day."
"Does a man?"
"Absolutely! Why do you think we suffer with the white devil when we don't get the attention of a woman?"
"Can I...sit in your lap?"
"Sure, tell you what let's relocate to Dad's loveseat over there. This desk chair has arms that wouldn't be very comfortable for either of us."
"Okay." She watches him get up and take a final swallow from his glass before sitting it down. Being drunk he stammered a bit in transit but finally collapsed into the cushy leather loveseat. Patting his lap he lured Maria in to sit her bare bottom right on his bulging slacks. "Does he hurt?" She lays her cheek on his chest curling up on him. His hand immediately rubbed her leg.
"Never stops hurting. But, let's not worry about him. How are you doing Baby Sis?"
"I...miss my Mom."
"I'm sure you do. Us ugly Barnett boys can't be enough to keep you from that."
"You are not ugly. All of my brothers are very handsome."
"Aww! Thanks kid. Can't fool me though. When you first met me you didn't like me much."
"I did not know you yet. I love you Matthew. I love all of my brothers."
"Love you too Princess. So, Owen...had sex with you. You liked it?"
"Uh huh!" She nodded blushing, "It hurt but it got better. I...got blood everywhere."
"That's what happens when you lose your virginity. You shouldn't bleed anymore from here on out."
"Good. I do not like that. Matthew?"
"You don't have to keep calling me by name, just ask what you want to know."
"Do you want to wet hump me?"
"Wow! I didn't expect that." He chuckles, "You want the truth?"
"Yes."
"When the time is right...I will. Yes...I do."
"Now is not right?"
"Slow down Little Lady. Take things a day at a time. You've only had Owen, process him before you seek out another."
"Aunt Harriet told me the first night she visited that I should want all men, you are one man of all men. If it makes me a woman I want you all."
"Still think there's a ghost in your room, huh?"
"More than one. Harriet had friends over."
"Friends?"
"Lots of man ghosts. I watched them have sex with her."
"Come on?????" He chuckled, "I've heard Harriet knock a few things over but never once saw her walking around, let alone having sex with a bunch of her boos."
"It's true. I would never lie to you."
"You're a kid with an active imagination."
"I thought you could tell when people were lying." She points out with a pout.
"I...okay, I believe you. Until I actually see ghosts though...I'll just take your word on it."
"You will see someday. She thinks very highly of you all."
"It's because we're men. From what I've heard about Harriet she loved all the Barnett gents, incest even."
"What is incest?"
"It's when blood relatives engage in sex with one another. They say that's not good but I wouldn't know for sure, she was gone before I was born. We haven't had any female relatives around us, not that I can think of any I might..." He pauses to smile, "Well, there's one, a cousin from my Momma's side she was pretty hot growing up. Only been around her a few times. Huh! I really should look her up and see how she's doing. Probably married and never invited me or Daddy."
"I am not a blood relative."
"Nope! You surely are not. That's why we do our best to get you caught up on what men will want from you in the future. Having a baby sister is a real pleasure." As he smiles warmly she hugs him even tighter.
"I love you Matthew."
"I love you too Maria."
Strangely, they both fell asleep there on the loveseat. Matthew's alcohol intake enough to cloud his judgment. Their shared emotional response sent them off into another world. An hour later Maria would wake up and head back upstairs. Going into her bedroom she found a stuffed giraffe, her favorite and stroked it's neck, while doing so she thought of Owen's cock. Sighing she went back to Owen Barnett's bedroom and curled back up with the man who took her virginity, sensing it was right to return to him. Snuggling up she spent the rest of her night staring at his erection. Just before passing out again she kissed her stuffed giraffe, then compared it's neck to Owen's lengthy beast, similar in length. Having kissed the giraffe she opted to kiss the tip of Owen's cock before snuggling back in for the night.
"Good night Own." She meant Owen but her sleepiness left it at that.
********
Fiji...
Esperanza screamed at an assault of very cold water being sprayed at her from a high powered hose. Her body cascaded by such a force left tiny welts everywhere. They were not so much a sight, as they would fade overnight. Still, the stings were a reminder that love hurts. Her thoughts stressful, the water battering her allowed her to express her emotions over Maria's safety, and her husband's wicked game. She would survive this gambit, let Oscar believe she was evolving into everything he wanted out of her. In the end...there would be hell to pay.
As her shower faded enough for handmaidens to soap her up, even in her most intimate of places she stood proud and endured their touch. Once cleansed a second battery of water cleaned her off until Mistress Maeve herself was satisfied. Dried off by her maidens Maeve motioned them out of the shower room. Once alone Maeve approached Esperanza and placed her collar back on her neck.
"You are mine." Maeve snarled.
"As Oscar says."
In his bungalow Oscar Barnett paused while fucking one of his stunning blonds to watch the video feed. "Work that pussy for me Sinmate Cynthia. I gotta call to make." The girl enthusiastically resumed the dirty work of keeping his dick happy, gyrating against him as her sister leaned beneath Oscar licking and sucking his scrotum.
Cell to ear he spoke, "Doctor Koch? I'd appreciate your thoughts on my...wife." Annulled only to Esperanza's knowledge.
From her office Rachel finished her own video feed examination of Esperanza's shower. "Esperanza seems quite proud of being your mate. Are you certain that she needs...conditioning?"
"Ohhh yes! Put that slut through her paces. Next time I face her I expect total subservience. Ain't nothing she'd do that I won't know about in the future. Also, one last thing...I'll need her to make a video for me."
"Video Mr. Barnett?"
"Yes Ma'am! A lil' something for her daughter."
"Please provide me your request on paper."
"Send me your hottest secretary to take dictation."
"On the way."
The share holders meeting left it on the board.
For now?
Cynthia and her sister were all Oscar Barnett had on his mind. Serving him all that they knew. All that they lived for.
"Share and share alike Lil' Darlin's."
He would hold them to it.