Y'all gotta know tha' feelin' when ya're expectin' to see someone special, who ya 'avent seen for years? I bet most of ya do, an' I gotta tell ya, tha's the bigges' thrill in tha World...
Eh, but look at me... I keep forgetin' y'all probably ain't fullowin' wha' I'm sayin'. Sumtimes i's a helluva hard to understan' if ya ain't local or at leas' used to it. It would prob'ly be better if I started talkin' in "normal" language, right? So we don' get ya los' in tha story. Nobody likes to go trackin' back an' readin' sumthin for three times, goin' all 'Dafuq did I just read?' before gettin' what was said. Or even worse -- tellin' the speaker to r'peat the las' sentence or two. Righ'? I bet ya'll all agree with me: Sum of ya loudly, an' sum of ya jus' intimately -- even if ya'll be sayin' out loud, doin' tha' knowitall thang: 'Oh come on, I get what she's saying, it isn't that hard.'
So, from now on, I will be talking like this -- well, at least when I'm not doing the dialogues of the Islanders, including my own lines. They must sound original. And yes, I can actually talk like this. It's not as if we Islanders are unable to speak like majors in linguistic sciences. We simply choose not to unless it's absolutely necessary. And yes, when we talk to the outsiders, we do tend to take down a notch from our local dialect, because otherwise most of the people wouldn't be able to understand half of what we were talking about.
***
I took the towel and threw it over my shoulder. It was almost 7 PM, and it was the perfect time to go for an early evening swim. It was still hot -- hell, it was hot 0-24 -- but now it became bearable. The heat wave crashed down on us some days ago, and it was proper. Even at night the temperatures rarely went under 85 degrees, and from 10 AM until 6 PM they were hovering around 100.
In all that heat, I was naked all-day round. Partly because of the heat, and partly because I just loved being naked. But now I had to put something on -- even if it was just a short walk from our house to the beach. It was, after all, the Island, and some of the older folks here weren't that keen on completely casual nudity, to say the least.
My Dads (I called him that ever since I was 2 years old and sure as hell wasn't going to change that for the sake of this story) didn't care if I was naked or dressed like a nun -- part of his "Live and let live" motto that he even applied to me, his one and only child, his princess. The same as he never cared if I saw him naked. In our home, it wasn't even something to be bothered about. Both my Mum and Dads were part of the 'golden' generation of nudists in the '80s, and nudity was a perfectly normal thing for them. So I grew up around them being nude almost always when the situation and the temperatures allowed it, and it was the most normal thing for me.
Unfortunately, when they divorced, and Mum and I moved away to the City, she became somewhat more close-minded about everything. Or maybe it was just that my Dad's open-mindedness wore off when she distanced herself from him. She simply became 'normal.' She even complained to me sometimes, when she thought that I was 'too casual' about clothes-free lifestyle. Her City friends were a lot more conservative, so I guess they were the ones feeling offended when I walked around my house in Eva's costume, not caring about their presence there. And then my Mum, instead of defending my choice, decided to conform to their opinion. I didn't care, and sure as hell didn't abide. As I grew older, I found that Mum and I had less and less in common -- and that Dads was really the only parent that really understood me.
Still, there were boundaries that even I respected, such as walking naked across the Town Square. So I put on the white t-shirt and bikini thongs -- hell, folks around here haven't seen me since I was barely sixteen, and it would be a bit rude to give half of them heart attacks now. Though, if I wasn't to be naked, then I chose to go as close as it got to the nakedness. Dads was sitting in his deck chair, reading some book on World War II -- with old fighter planes and orange block letters that spelled "MIDWAY" on the front page cover.
"Dads, I'll be goin' to tha beach now!" I yelled out at him.
"Good on ya," he answered uninterestingly, not even trying to lift his gaze away from the book.
"Be back in an hour or so." And then I asked, for about twentieth time today: "When's He arrivin'?"
"Aroun' 8, deary. Jus' like the las' twen'y times I told ya that," Dads said, a bit annoyed I was disturbing some huge aircraft dogfight in the Pacific. Yeah, kill me, I don't give a rat's ass about wars and stuff like that.
"Jus' checkin', Dads." I truly felt as if I was a six-year-old waiting for Santa to bring me the presents.
"Yah. Sure ya're. Is 'is house all ready?" Dads asked.
"Sure is! Luv ya! Bye!" I replied, already departing.
He just waved goodbye, and I was off. The path to my favorite swim location led directly across His cottage, which my Dads (and me, since I got to the Island) was taking care of in His absence. Yep, His house was really ready. I was here on the Island for three days now, and I went there for about ten times. OK, maybe more. I cleaned all the nooks and crannies, opened all the windows and changed the bed linen. About three times. Because I really messed it up every time with my pussy juice.
I know, I know... I forgot to mention one tiny detail about me: Hi, my name is Anita, and I'm addicted to sex. Not in a "sex addict" way, or as some might call it, not as a nymphomaniac whore who fucked anything human. I have my standards that are even pretty high; I don't change my partners often -- hell, it could be months between two sexual encounters. But I'm horny. All day, every day. Ever since I discovered the pleasures of the flesh (with a minor interlude due to severe broken-heartedness) I haven't stopped cumming, every fucking day of my life at least one orgasm. In all manners possible. There was no chance in hell that I wouldn't get myself off on a daily basis, even when in fever, or in an extremely inappropriate situation. I couldn't even imagine skipping a day. It didn't matter if I was in a room full of people, or at the top of the mountain in freezing cold, or even in a hospital recovering from a tonsillectomy. I came. At least once, often more than that. It was like air or water to me. A delightful necessity. A bit crazy, I know, but at least I didn't do meth, right?
When I enrolled into med school, it opened a whole new world for me. At the anatomy classes, I paid special attention to the body parts that were my erogenous zones. The majority of my colleagues spent their time studying for the exam in the library. I did that too -- when I needed. I never found medicine so excruciatingly hard like most of the med students. It came to me as a given, as if I was simply learning to read. So, most of the spare time I had, I searched, read and applied everything there was to know about sexual arousal of the human body. I also studied a lot of the alternative sciences on the power of touch, of heightening your senses... Whatever was there to help me climax harder, longer, better. I taught myself how to ejaculate before my 19thbirthday. Shit, I learned how to drive on a highway and do a quick rub without even changing the speed of driving, let alone swerving. And I taught most of my sexual partners how to fuck me properly -- God knows most of them didn't actually know front from the back. Yeah, I was a sexual geek and freak.
One of the problems of being so oriented on sex is that there is rarely someone to talk to about the subject. Now you're thinking: 'What? No one to talk to a woman who wants to talk about sex? Cut the bullshit girl, and let me introduce you to -- men.' But honestly, it's not like that. Men that I knew either got scared or thought I was just a complete slut who was asking them to fuck me. Which lead to me, regularly needing to explain that discussion about sex should not be different than discussing food (it's a basic human need, not something equal to drug-smuggling, for God's sake) and that no -- I don't want to fuck with you just because I find it normal to talk to people about different approaches to massaging the clitoris, so get your fucking hands off of me, please.
As for women, the situation was even worse. You see, the problem is that the City has a strong 'Catholic' culture. Not really Catholic in a religious, going to mass every Sunday sense -- but in a built-in feeling of overt prudishness which was deemed appropriate to be shown in public, and moral exaltedness of the 'true' believers in the 'word of Bible.' Which, of course, was all just a pile of hypocritical manure, since half of those prudes would blow a leper if he had keys to the new BMW or Porsche SUV.
Even my sexual partners found me a bit over the top. As I probably was. With men, it was their sexual borders -- either when I started talking about anal, or threesomes, or (God forbid) them doing it with another guy -- which made them lose their confidence and even disguise their fear by discarding me as a 'freak.'
With women, it was mostly jealousy with my openness towards everything sexual (ok, not really everything -- I drew my line at everything actually illegal, non-consensual and incestuous) and telling them not to expect me to be just theirs.
But listen to me. I'm babbling here, talking digressions about me and myself, and there is a story to tell. And what a story it is.
Anyway, as I said, I headed off towards my swim spot. As I got to the cottage, I went inside to check around for the last time. It was clean and ready. I climbed up the stairs onto the bed platform, and gently straightened the bedsheet. It made me start to think about Him again.
***
His name was Martin. He was eight years older than me, and we knew each other ever since I was a little girl. His family came to the Island ever since he was around fourteen years old, and his father and Dads quickly became great friends, sharing their views on life, philosophy, politics... So Martin got stuck with me. An only child of his parents' friends who needed to be watched over while the folks had their grown-up ways of spending time.
Unlike most of the teenage boys, he didn't mind taking care of me. He was also an only child, so it kind of seemed that he enjoyed having a 'little sister.' I was really shy then. I understood much more than I showed, and Martin was the only one who saw me through. He was insanely smart, but not the geeky type. In retrospect, his intelligence combined with his charm and unbelievable empathy (similar to his mother's) made him 'cool' without bracketing him in any of the usual teenage stereotypes. He was handsome, which I only noticed later.
When we were hanging out together, he took me to the beach with him and his friends (or even just the two of us), he allowed me to spend time with him while he was in the apartment, reading books or playing games on his father's notebook, or was just bored. He loved teaching me about boys' stuff (in his case, those were mostly cars, sports, farting, belching, some computer games, and books), and I loved learning about it. I always felt closer to boys' frame of mind than the majority of girls.
OK, sometimes he was locked in his room and yelled that I should come back later -- but I took it also as a part of our relationship and didn't give it much thought. When his mom asked me once why wasn't I with him, I told them that he was in his room and that he locked the door, and she blushed and started to laugh. Of course, it was obvious to her what was going on, but I was clueless. She just told me not to worry and that he'll come out soon enough to take me to the beach.
***

I caress the sheets on the bed.They feel so soft, like angel's wings.There is Martin, laying naked on his back, sleeping, just a thin sheet covering hisgroin, his stronghands,and shoulders seductively spread on the white cotton. He looks boyish, just as I last remember him, even younger than I am now. He is devilishly handsome -- not a pretty boy, but a real man awakening, all the tiny imperfections on his face creating a perfect blend of raw masculinity and eye-pleasing smoothness. He wakes up, opens his beautiful green eyes, and sees me standing there. He invites me to come to bed with him. I am wet in a second. I quickly pull down my thong and throw myself on the mattress.

"Ohluv, touch me like that!" I say to him while my hands slowly explore my body. I startto massage my outer labia gently. I turn my face towards him and gently bite his lips. The inner temperature of my body begins to rise, making me feel all tingly. I don't want to kiss and caressnow; Idon't need anyforeplay. He sees that. He acts.

He starts to go down on me, holding my legs firmly while kissing me all over my belly and progressing toward my inner thighs. I spread my pussy for him, waiting eagerly to feel the tip of his tongue on my clit. His lips are gentle as they slowly form a circle around my pleasure button, already completely covered in juices. Without any warning, he thrusts his finger inside me. I release a powerful moan; my ass tightens as the first wave of ecstasy pummels through my body. He sucks gently on my clit, pulling it completely out of its protective cover.

"Oh my, Martin, jus' liketha',lick my pussy jus' liketha'!" I whisper loudly, as his tongue flicks left and right and up and down and as his two fingers are in me now, fucking me gently and massaging my g-spot. Iburymy head in a pillow, groaning and moaning as my arousal becomes stronger and stronger by the second.

In reality, he is on a ferry already, and I am going to see him in less than an hour. And suddenly, that thought alone makes me cum so unexpectedly, so fast, that my mind actually takes a second or two to realize it is, indeed, an orgasm. Once it settles in, I twist, I raise my butt from the bed, Ishiver,and I yell out: "Oh, YESSSS, that's it!" just as the wave after wave of orgasmic joy rolls from my head to my toes, turning all sensations into one huge bliss.
***
As we both grew older, he started with the usual teenage shenanigans. He still cared about me and protected me, but it was more and more obvious that there were some things that the eight- or nine-year-old me wasn't supposed to see or know about. Still, if he had no option but to take me with him, I had to promise to keep a secret about everything I saw or heard. One summer, there was this Ingrid girl from Germany. And, just like that, Martin was gone. Well, for a week and a half. Instead of spending time with me, he was all about her. What they did, I had no idea at the time. But yeah, his folks were teasing him alright. Ingrid this, Ingrid that. He seemed ashamed in the beginning, but that all went away and when someone started with 'How's your girlfriend, Martin?', he'd just smile and wink at them. Unfortunately for him, Ingrid also left one day. Back home.
And, as sure as anything, I was back to being his little buddy girl, but I could see his mind and heart were somewhere out there, around Berlin or some other part of Germany. It was funny, you know -- I was a kid who still thought that playing games was THE most important thing in the world. Martin suddenly looked different. He spent less and less time playing games and reading books, and more time hanging out with his 'big' friends, and especially girls, who suddenly took an interest in him since they saw him hanging around with Ingrid. It was not that he started to neglect me, but more of a... Well, he had less and less interest in doing stuff with me. Martin was all growing up, and I was still really, really far from it.
***
I gently made the bed back to look picture perfect for him, straightened each crevice, folded each overhang. And then stuck my finger deep into my still throbbing pussy, and smeared the juices gently over the pillow, decorating it all with a slight kiss. He might, or might not notice it -- I knew I'd sure as hell have my answer to that dilemma soon. Almost forgetting to pick up my itsy-bitsy panties from the gallery floor, I exited his cottage and headed towards the sea, enjoying the gentle early evening breeze on my naked skin as I strolled down the narrow path. It was late June, and the sun was still some way above the horizon, so if someone was accidentally there, they'd see me walking around naked from my waist down. I couldn't care less about it. It was summer, it was hot, and anyone who'd have a problem with my naked pussy can go fuck themselves. Not with me, naturally. As I climbed the last rock overhanging the magnificent, turquoise sea, I pulled my shirt over my head, threw it on the ground and, without breaking a stroll, I jumped right into the velvety, perfect liquid.
***
I was still half-wet when I put my clothes back on and scurried quickly back to my Dads' house. I had no watch, but it must've been close to 8 o'clock since I took my time up in the cottage and some more time just enjoying the swim, meaning that Martin was about to arrive any minute now -- if he weren't already there yet. And there was no chance in hell I wouldn't be one of the first two people to welcome him. The more I approached the house, the faster my heart was beating. I haven't seen the man for ages, so I had no idea what would happen when I saw him. Shit, he could be fat. He could be boring. And worst of all, he might not be alone. Yeah, he did tell Dads he wasn't bringing anyone with him, but things change, surprises come out, girls get disappointed, you know the story.
When I was in the ear's reach of the house, I heard my Dads talking. And then I heard the other voice talking to him. Not an Islander, definitely. It was an inland accent, almost like the one I'm using right now. And the voice was oh so familiar -- maybe a bit hoarser than I remembered it, but there was no mistake. I felt my chest bumping outward as my heart grew two sizes and started to pump. I needed to calm down. It was... Shit, I've never been like that. It felt just like the last time I saw him -- just before my teenage heart got broken into thousands of pieces, completely unbeknownst to him. So, I stopped just before I could be seen from the porch, and decided to go around the house. As I reached the back door, I stopped and took 10 deep breaths. Inhale, exhale -- 15 seconds each. Calm down. Get a grip. Don't fuck this up. It's a long game, Anita, not a dash and crash.
As my vitals finally got back to normal, I silently passed through the house and exited out onto the porch, standing directly behind him. And, oh my, he was... Martin was the shit! He was there, looking awesome (well, his butt looked awesome) and talking in that charming, lovely tone of his. I wasn't even listening to what Dads and he were talking about. I just stood there, silent, and waited for him to turn around. Which happened in less than a minute. As much as his ass was looking all lovely, his front side was delicious. Those piercing green eyes (yeah, a bit tired and rounded by black circles, but who cared), that slightly unkempt beard, and, most of all, that smile. And boy, he was in shape, especially for someone who was thirty and had a stressful office job. Sadly, Martin had baggy pants on, so I could've only imagined the part of him I really, really wanted to get to know finally. I had no idea when, but my face went into the biggest of all grins. He looked shocked to see me and was obviously processing me carefully. Well, I was the host, after all, so it was only polite of me to break the ice: "Oh my, I can't believe it's you! I 'aven't seen you for five years!"
He didn't reply -- well, not immediately. Instead, he scanned me head to toe. And boy, did he look pleased seeing me -- well, not like that, but he was definitely checking me out, and it made my crotch tingle just a tiny, teeny bit. OK, a bit more than that, but I'm trying to appear as a normal girl.
"Wow, Anita! I can't believe I'm seeing you! Look at you, all grown up! I think it was much more than five years. Last time I saw you, you were still a scowled teenager!" he yelled out, so enthusiastically that it was obvious he was trying to remind himself I was his little girl-buddy the last time we saw each other. Still, I couldn't hold it back anymore, and I flew at him, hugging him tightly. He smelled so good... And... Oh, yes, there was a movement lower down. Yes, indeed! I squeezed for just a second more, didn't want to be too obvious, and then I gave him quick pecks on the cheek.
"Eh, come on, deary! I'm only twenty-two, I didn't age that much! And look at ya', lookin' serious like a president or sumthin'," I replied, now moving away from him slightly, but still remaining in his personal space. So, it wasn't five -- it was actually seven years since the last day we saw each other. My god, how the time flies.
We did some general small talk, nothing important -- mostly he asking me how I was, what I did, where was I, etc., but all the time we talked, my brain was half there, and half thinking about him in a rather different setting. Hmmm, those hands there, bet they could lift me up without any trouble. And not only that, they sure as hell are just the right size to cup my boobs, mhmm...
"Folks, I am delighted with your welcome, but now I really want to go to sleep. I'll be here for 9 days. It's a small Island; we'll be seeing each other for sure," Martin said, informing us that he was about to call the day. So, nine whole days... My dear Martin, I'll be riding you into the sunset before the end of the third day, I promise you that.
"Here's the key. I've opened the windo's this afternoon, and Anita closed up when she was returnin' from 'er swim. It should be fresh and clean for ya," Dads said to Martin, and then turned to me: "Anita, did you get everything?"
Oh, my, did I? Probably, and then some. "Yep, Dads, no worries, all of it. Everythin' in tha house is ready for our favorite inlander." Did I sound a tad too revealing? Maybe, who'd know.
"Thank you both. I'm gonna go and crash on my bed," Martin said. Then he turned to shake hands with Dads, before turning back to me and spreading his hands in a hug. I hugged him back, bucking my knees slightly so my belly would be at just the right altitude. Oh, yep. He might be wearing loose shorts, but there was no denial, it was busy inside of those. My, my, it was sure not a minor movement in there. I really wanted to stay like that to see how far his pecker would go, but it'd probably scare him off a bit. Also, like I said, I wasn't some whore, and I wasn't there just to get a quick dick. So I moved away, politely, like the nice, well-mannered lady I was supposed to be -- yeah, right. And I went into the house. Not because I had something to do in there, but simply to give Martin a nice view of my prime asset. See there, that was a pun. A bad one, but still... I didn't turn around to see his reaction; I'd do that some other day.
***
As I peel my panties off, a fresh, wet stain is on them. I spread my pussy lips gently, only to find out it is already so slippery and moist that it needs almost no warm-up. I bite my lower lip gently, mostly to contain my moan. Today, finally, I need not dig into my memory. I have a fresh image; one I can display momentarily, exact and updated just a few hours ago.
Martin is there, standing next to me, looking at me intensely. His shorts are bulging; his eyes are fixated on my naked, twisting body. I spread my legs gently, still standing, while my hands squeeze my already excited breasts and erect nipples. He's in the dark, and I can't see all of him, but I hear his shorts drop to the floor. He's naked, looking at me. His shoulders are illuminated by the moonlight from the window, and I see them moving slightly. He's holding his cock. I drop down to the bed, leaning my head against the wall, so I can watch him watching me. I can see the lust in his eyes as he devours the sight of my pussy, spread in front of him, wet, red, open. I spread my outer lips for him, giving him the perfect view of my sex, while I gently touch my bulging clit with my middle finger. His arms are now moving quicker; he's probably as hard as he can be, sliding his hand up and down his mighty shaft. But now I don't look at his dick; it is hidden in the darkness anyway. I stare directly into his eyes. He returns the stare and keeps it. I feel the bolt of electricity spread through my entire body, making my wet cunt flinch. I start rubbing faster, biting my lips and squeezing my teeth, just so my moans don't exit the room.
'You like it?" I ask, whispering, biting my finger and licking it surreptitiously. He nods and grins, closing his eyes for a moment and taking in a deep breath. His both hands work his manhood now, just as my both hands are on my crotch. Two fingers are inside me; I'm fucking myself as hard as possible. I quickly grab the pillow and bite it, hard. I'm a screamer, and this is not the time nor the place to scream. He notices it and smiles. His breathing is now shorter, shallower. I can see veins in his neck protruding, his muscles tensing as his hand now furiously rubs his cock. The whole scene blurs in my eyes, I can feel it coming. My toes curl, my knees jerk, my hips push up, and my shoulders push back. I am ready to explode, to burst out there, right in front of him, for him, to make him yell out in pleasure. For him, and for him only, I am his bitch. His vehicle of lust. I give him myself, as he plays with himself. And his play is what makes me want to fuck myself even harder. I want to scream bloody fuck, I want to proclaim I'm his dominion while the universe withers into an insignificant dot surrounded by my everlasting orgasm. He cums. He jerks, twitches and sprays jets of cum, all the way across the room, hitting my bare feet. And that is just enough for me, as I feel the explosion inside me. I gave him what he needed; now I give myself what I want. An H-bomb of ultimate pleasure mushrooms from my vagina outwards. My fingers are rubbing my pulsating clitoris so fast that they are a blur, even in the real-world resolution. My consciousness is sinking into that all-familiar, but never boring microcosm of sexual ecstasy. I'm shaking, almost convulsing. I'm roaring into my pillow, and there is no telling how much the poor piece of fabric can actually muffle the sound. My eyes are closed, my insides are twitching. It subsides slowly, as my pussy becomes softer, more sensitive, slightly spent. I open my eyes. He's gone. I smile. Soon...
***
As the early morning sun rays protruded in my room -- well, not that early, it was 10 in the morning, don't judge me, I'm a med student on a break, yadda yadda -- I got up and stretched as far as possible. I looked into the corner where my lovely fantasy played out last night and smiled. Oh my, I'd better not get disappointed again, because I didn't want to leave the Island early. I forgot how much I loved this place. No matter how long I've been absent, how long I've been a City girl -- this was my home. The place where I felt completely free.
I quickly pulled a light summer dress (sans anything under, understandably), which was barely covering my thighs, over my head, put on some flip-flops, grabbed my beach towel and headed towards the same swimming spot -- past Martin's house. The sun was already high in the sky, and it was scorching. Thankfully, once you pass the last houses officially belonging to the Town, the path narrows down and enters a thick Mediterranean forest, offering plenty of shade. It was an enjoyable walk at all times, although not longer than 10 minutes, through the car-width path surrounded by thick growth and the sound of thousands of crickets creating a steady cacophony of calming stridulating. I barely broke a sweat when I came to Martin's cottage. His car was parked in the shade next to it, and the place was now apparently inhabited, but it was quiet there. I climbed a few steps onto the porch and peeked inside. It appeared to be empty, but Martin was maybe still asleep. Well, if he was, I was most definitely going to wake him up. Rise and shine, sleepy head, it's a damn shame to waste such a perfect morning.
"Martin, ya there?" I asked, leaning onto the mosquito screen. I repeated the question and concluded that he was either not here, or really fast asleep, or just unwilling to reply. Whatever the option was, I decided not to linger on and continued towards the beach. If he was really so adamant to spend the day in bed, it was gonna be his loss. Well, OK, I might just find a neat way to join him at some moment -- you know, to chat and hang out.
Just for a note -- the place where I went for a swim was not a beach in any classic sense. There was no sand, no pebbles, and no gradual entrance. It was basically a place on the entrance to a deeper cove, a row of rocky plateaus carved by the millennia of the winter seas, usually occupied only by people who preferred to enjoy the sea and the sunshine in seclusion. Also, the only way in and out of the sea was straight across the rocks and into the water 10 feet deep. The exit was also a bit tricky for anyone who was not used to such configuration since there was an abundance of sea urchins and sharp rock shards. For anyone who lived or grew up on the Island, it was pure perfection, since the tourists rarely came here.
Which is why I was somewhat surprised when I saw a couple standing next to the best sun tanning spot. Also, it appeared like they were looking at something since they were both staring at the same spot. As I came a bit closer, I noticed that the man actually had a very, very decent hard-on. Hmm. I slowed down, and instead of proceeding directly towards them, I decided to track back a few steps, and then climb up onto the mound above the location. Basically, it was a perfect place for peeping toms since no one who was below on the rocks couldn't see directly on the mound. And yes, if you're wondering -- when I was younger, I used to come here regularly to... Ahem, inspect the situation and to indulge my voyeuristic self. As I climbed up, I heard a distinct moan. A woman's moan. A moan which almost no woman would produce unless she was being -- well, engaged in some sort of pleasurable activity. Yes, I mean sex, just wanted to show how you can go and beat around the bush with many words. Again, bad pun intended.
And, oh my, as soon as got to a good vantage point, did I get a view for eternity. Down below, on a rock just where I was planning to shed my clothes and jump off into the sea, a couple was fucking like crazy. And I do mean, like crazy. They were going at it like there was no tomorrow. He was... Oh my god, HE was none other than Martin! And the girl -- woman -- was exquisitely beautiful. She was on top of him, riding him wildly, moaning and screaming as she was impaling herself on Martin's hard cock. Do I have to mention that I was already wet as a river? Probably not, but there you go. Funnily enough, I wasn't jealous at her one bit. Instead, I was horny as ever. She was beautiful and sexy, her wild, brown hair flailing around her soft, gentle face, currently contorted into a perfect display of pure pleasure. Her tits were lovely -- not big, but firm and with pointy nipples, perfectly shaped for sucking, licking and biting. Now, I was suddenly thinking not just about the man I wanted for so many years, but also about a woman whom I just saw for the first time as she was doing a public presentation of an excellent fucking technique together with that man. She was changing her tempo, twerking her hips around his dick, changing the angle -- and all of that was followed by Martin's hard, powerful thrusts from underneath her, each reverberating in a mighty splash of two wet, sweaty skins colliding with each other. My boy had the moves, and then some!
Now, the best part of it all was that Martin and the girl knew they had an audience. And if I was getting wet before, noticing that little detail created an epic flood between my legs. As I crouched on top of the mound, my skimpy dress was already far gone up the hips, completely exposing my naked butt and anything below the waist. My fingers were already rubbing my clitoris, without me even noticing. If I was a man, guess I'd be constantly playing with my pecker -- just like any man.
Martin and the woman were on the verge of climax, as it seemed. They were getting louder. their rhythm was faster and faster; they were both less and less aware of anything around them. If it weren't for those two standing next to them, I'd probably be able to sneak up a few yards away from them and observe them in peace. Well, in peace and with fingers up my cunt, just like I had them now. As my squat was getting wider and wider, thin strand of grass tickled my anus, which got me even more aroused. I haven't been there for more than a minute or so, and the sensors were already sending me a message they were ready for the release.
And then, just like that, he started to cum. Loudly and visibly. Dear me, he was a screamer, and that was hot! He was bursting inside of her, each of his thrusts now accompanied by a visible shiver. No more than ten seconds after that, and obviously enticed by Martin's orgasm, the woman came. Oh, boy, she came all right, I can tell you that. To be more accurate -- she exploded. She shook, arched her back, she kissed Martin hard on the lips and released moan after moan. It was so primal, so untamed that I could hear it even muffled by the kiss and even through the sounds of the waves, crickets and the wind. My god, what a delightful prelude to the remainder of the day.
The scene simply got me over the edge, and I started to cum together with them. I bit my lips hard as my body tried to release a loud sound of pleasure. I dug deep into my pussy with my fingers as it clenched around them. I came hard, harder than any time since I got onto the Island. My vision blurred as tears of pure ecstasy filled my eyes. My legs almost buckled under me as I was shaking from the orgasmic punches. My bubble of self suddenly expanded into a silent scream of delight, its thin and shaky membrane barely holding in everything that wanted to be released as a sound of pure sexual trance.
As much as I was focused on the pair of champion fuckers, I couldn't miss the fact that the pair watching them were just standing there. I mean, what the fuck? The man had a boner the size of a tree trunk, and he wasn't even touching it. If I was him, I'd already been spurting my semen all over the place -- well, even better, I'd set that lady of his in a perfect position and make her moan. But -- and that was the worst part - the lady stood there like she was a performance judge, her arms crossed across her chest. Some people...
All three of us (well, two of them not knowing about me, naturally) ended our orgasms at about the same time, and the girl slowly got up from Martin's dick, lowering her head down to... Oh, damn! Martin was positioned just in a way that his body blocked my view, and there was nothing more that I wanted than to finally see his cock, which she was now obviously sucking dry, just before she gave him another deep, passionate kiss. And then, out of the blue, the audience started to applaud them. They all laughed a bit -- you know, the way that people who suddenly realize that they are in a bit of an awkward situation laugh -- and the pair of watchers headed for a swim, probably trying to avoid a possibility of communicating with the lovely couple that just gave them a performance to remember. As the scene quieted down, and Martin and his lady went into post-coital cuddle mode, I started to feel a bit exposed. If it was anyone else down there, I wouldn't give a rat's arse if they saw me, but this was Martin. I didn't want him to learn what a freak I am before I demonstrate it to him in a bit more intimate environment. He might take it the wrong way. OK, he might not, but the lady might, and I was now almost certain that there were at least two people on the Island I wanted to have sex with. So, as quietly and gently as possible, I sneaked back onto the path and headed towards the Town.
***
Well, the rest of the day went by in mundane activities. Since I missed my morning swim, I went to have some coffee on the Square, met some old friends from the Island, had lunch and, naturally, took a nap while the Sun was scorching the bejesus out of every little pebble and grain of sand on the Island... Nothing special, but yes -- that was the Island life. No worries, no stress, no rush. It was actually really easy to live to be a hundred years old here -- if you weren't the type who got easily bored in the winter, that is.
In the afternoon, I went to the beach with Jana, a girlfriend I haven't seen since I was last time on the Island. Boy, was she fascinated with me getting into my birthday suit almost as soon as we topped a climb dividing the main Town beach from the small sandy cove, which was empty because almost everyone was too lazy to climb down the rocks. I know, it's probably me who's the oddball at the Island, and not her, but I was completely nonplussed by her unwillingness to at least take her bikini top off, even with me being the only person who could see her. I mean, she had a really nice body on her, but those D-cup tits of hers probably never felt a ray of sun on them. What a shame. Well, guess the years of religious indoctrination from your mother and a lack of high-speed Internet does that shit to you. It got me thinking -- if, by any chance, I had stayed on the Island with my Dads after his divorce, what kind of person would I become? On the one hand, my Dads was as cool as a parent could possibly be, but, on the other, who knows what would peer pressure created by people like my friend, who represents the mentality of the vast majority of the Island, make of me. A cauldron of pent-up sexual energy, I guess. Just like Jana, who was constantly ogling my boobs and vagina -- OK, not constantly, she did look around if anyone else was there every minute or so, probably afraid that a local might find her in a company of the 'indecent one.' It was so funny seeing her like that -- I mean, she was worse than any man I knew -- they at least gave it a try to look me in the eyes when talking to me. I really liked Jana -- she was my childhood friend, and she was so nice and all sweet, but she needed to have her brains fucked out at least several times. Well, that was my opinion, at least, and I was a firm believer that almost every psychological problem could be solved by top-quality fucking on a regular basis. I asked her if she masturbated regularly, and she covered her mouth, eventually telling me that's too private to discuss. Which meant she did, and more often than she would ever admit. She probably had some really twisted fantasies, and after she came, she felt like she needed a confession. OK, not a completely lost cause, I thought to myself. Merely a run-of-the-mill sexual hypocrite.
After the beach and the subsequent obligatory drink in the Beach Bar, I got home and quickly discarded everything off of me. Yes, I hated being dressed, and here on the Island I became almost obsessed with spending as much time as possible completely nude. As soon as I got naked, I threw myself into a hammock stretched between two pine trees next to the house. I did take a nice book with me, but after a while I found my mind drifting towards the morning's performance. I rewound the scene in my mind, focusing on the details I missed while trying to take in the whole picture. That girl...
Yes, I loved girls as much as boys and men. Better said, I was never picky about the sex of the person I found attractive. I found that so self-restrictive and, well, boring. You could have just as much fun with nice boobs and vagina as you could with a penis -- so why limit yourself. And Martin's lady was absolutely yummy. She seemed both delicate and strong at the same time -- well, at least that's how I imagined her after five minutes of watching her hump Martin. And those nipples -- oh my God, I wanted to taste them almost as much as her lips. And nearly as much as I wanted to taste Martin, which said a hell of a lot about her. Of course, Martin... I definitely learned today that he knew how to handle a woman. He had just the right stuff I was looking for. Sure, he wasn't that perfect, six-pack, tall, dark type, but that was never my thing anyway. I tried to define him, to put him in a certain drawer, but it just wasn't happening. He was simply the one who almost got away, but was now back, closer than ever and better than ever. And just like that, a thought came to my mind, about a nice sunset swim that would be a perfect thing to do before the night fell completely. It was already around 9 PM, but the sun was still up at this time of the year. I had just about some thirty to forty minutes of daylight to use.
"Dads?" I yelled out of the hammock.
"Yes, luv?" Dads answered from somewhere around the house. I got up and rounded the corner, just to find him sitting in his favorite lounge chair, reading one of his history books.
"'Ya're sayin' las' nigh' or maybe tha nigh' before tha' 'bout sum dinner with Martin?" I asked, innocently. Well, as innocently as I could look to my Dads, who knew the whole story about my teenage crush. Well, almost the whole story, I kinda left out the parts that are unsafe to write, read or even imagine anywhere but in my own head.
Dads turned around to look at me. He blinked a couple of times, which was a clear sign that he was onto me: "Yes. Why'd ya ask?"
"Dunno. I was gonna go for a swim now. I'm gunna pass by 'is cottage, so..." I twirled my curls like a teenage girl. My legs probably went into full 'X' shape. I was as transparent as a thin sheet of glass.
"Ya gunna get dressed firs'?" Dads asked. He wasn't looking at me anymore, which meant that he got all the backstory to my question he needed.
"Ya sure," I said, acting oblivious to the elephant I brought into the room. "Ya kno' I don' wanna make the hags go pray Hail Mary."
"Uh-huh," Dads replied to that. "Tell 'im we'll munch evenin' tomorrow. I'll go fish early in tha mornin'."
"Sure will," I said. "See ya." I just loved that quiet diplomacy between us. What we said and what we actually communicated between us was as different as math for the elementary school and integral equations. And no, I'm not going to divulge the whole meaning of our conversation, that will always be just our little secret, my Dads' and mine.
I went inside the house, put the skimpy bikini on me and took the first towel I could grab. I picked up the tempo, so I was at the Martin's cottage in no time. As I walked past it, I heard the TV was on, which meant that Martin was in. I decided to pay him a visit after the swim. Mostly because I really wanted to take a swim before the night fell completely, not because I had some elaborate plan devised.
The sea was perfect. The mild, salty waters enveloped every cell of my bare skin, caressing me like the tailored, transparent velvet costume. After doing my standard route across the cove inlet and back a couple of times, I simply stayed afloat for a while, staring into the sky, my mind clear of any thoughts, even those related to sex and subject of my desire. I went full Zen for at least ten minutes or so, because I failed to notice that the daylight faded away almost completely, giving way to the first stars and the almost full Moon slowly rising from the East. If there was actually a heaven, it couldn't have been better than this place. Only when I noticed that the current brought me almost to the shore did I decide to break the meditation and get back on the firm soil.
I wrapped myself in the towel and took a second to consider putting the bikini back on. Guess what I decided on. Never mind that I took a towel which was a tad smaller than your usual beach towel, so it took some adjustment to put it on in a way that it didn't reveal either my boobs or my crotch. In any case, the bottom half of my ass was on display, but that part was always on display, so I didn't worry that much about it. And now, it was time to go and visit Casa de Martin. If he hadn't left the place in the meanwhile, he was probably being lazy on a couch in front of TV, or even dozing off -- he did spend some energy this morning, after all.
Martin's cottage was one of the best pieces of real estate on the Island. Besides its perfect location, it was beautifully designed on the inside. It was one big open space, with only the toilet separated from the rest of the place by a drywall and a wooden platform built to be a sleeping area. It was not a family house -- unless your family was really open about everything. I hated the fact that Martin bought it as a couple's retreat for Darling and him. I loved the fact that Darling was out of the picture now, and the cottage was still there. With Martin in it, alone. Well, probably alone...
I approached it from the front side, which was deemed as such since it faced the sea and had a small porch in front of it. The place had doors and windows, but in the summer, they were all fully opened to allow for the cool draft and covered only by the transparent mosquito meshes. So, as I was about three steps from the entrance, I saw the interior perfectly. Besides the usual furniture and other equipment, it consisted of one Martin, perfectly bare, pulling a beer out of the fridge. My timing couldn't have been more perfect even if I planned it weeks in advance. Honest to God, I didn't plan it. OK, not in details such as this moment. Don't judge me. Anyway, it was time to play a game.
I leisurely opened the mesh door and entered, pretending I wasn't looking at him. As I turned around to face him, he was holding a cold beer bottle directly on his junk. That couldn't have been too comfortable. Actually, it was a lose-lose situation for both his genitals and the beer. The moment our eyes met, he went into full confusion mode. It took him a few seconds to realize that he was exchanging the heat of his dick for the cold of the beer bottle, upon which realization he suddenly opened the fridge door, using it as a chastity shield. I couldn't resist to laugh out at him. Also, I needed to act surprised for at least a few minutes. And yes, I had a cunning mini-plan devised already.
"Oh Jeez... What'cha doin'?" I asked, working my ass off to sound all innocent and sweet.
"Oh, well... You surprised me," he stammered
"Are ya nude? Oh, c'mon, what'cha hiding there, like I've never seen a willy on a man. Ya shamin'? Is it small or sumthin'?" I asked, now giving him the slightest of hints about my wishes. He didn't budge.
"Actually, yes. It's smallest ever!" he replied. Oh, boy, just not... I hoped to hell he was just joking. He was, and he forced out a laugh to show it. Well, hell, I managed a few smaller ones in my past, if he knew how to work it, I'd manage. I was really tight anyway. It was Martin, after all, and I did see that girl in the morning cum really hard, so...
"Eh, ya blokes," I said, trying to sound dismissively in case his joke wasn't a joke after all. "As if the World is spinning roun' your wieners. They all look alike when hanging, who gives a damn. Anyways, I went for a swim, and as I was passin' by I remembered that Dads told me to tell ya' that he'll fish out some munch tomorrow, so we can prepare it over here at ya'r place. Ya OK with it?"
Martin brightened up immediately. "I'm always OK with it. Hell, I'm on vacation. You're also coming, right?"
"Of course, wouldn' miss it for anythin', we need to catch up. Haven' seen each other for a century or so. And Dads said ya make nasty fish and squids, so I gotta try me some," I replied. How could he even think about me not coming to the dinner tomorrow? I winked at him. Maybe he'd start to take some hints now, I needed him up and running soon enough.
"I'll be honored then to prepare whatever will be on the menu for the young lady," Martin replied. Well, well, if everything worked out as I hoped, there was about to be a lot of things on the menu tomorrow. And now, it was time to remove the first barrier.
"Oh! Could ya please give me some water? I'm thirsty as a horse, swam across the cove and back," I asked. Actually, it was true.
"I don't have it cold, sorry," he replied. Duh, exactly. I hadn't put any cold water in your fridge last night, that was the point. Yeah, OK, he might have done that, but I'd go for a sore throat excuse then.
"Eh, tap's OK, no worries," I said.
"You want a beer? Or juice maybe?" he asked hopefully.
Nope, at this moment, I wanted tap water. And I wanted you to bring it to me. "Oh, no. I really need water," I said. And I just might have smiled a bit at him when I said that, because I saw him notice something with the corner of his eye.
"OK... You sure you don't want a beer?" Martin tried desperately.
"Nah, not a beer lover. C'mon pleeeease, I'm really thirsty..." I really had to work it.
And, careful not to flash everything at me, he turned around and closed the fridge door, exposing his ass to me. And it was, for lack of a better word, amazing. As soon as I saw it, I imagined gnawing on those lusty, firm butt cheeks of his, spreading them a bit...
"So, you come here often for a swim?" He interrupted my wandering thoughts as he let the tap run until the water got cold enough.
"Ah come on, this is my favorite place on the Island, I was comin' here for solo swims since I was yay big," I showed at somewhere around the height of six-year-old me. "Ever since that Slovenian owned this cottage. If I could, I would evict you out and stay here for the whole summer."
"No way. This is my private little piece of heaven. Anyway, you must have been here a couple of times when I wasn't here?" Martin asked. Oh well, it would be really weird if he hadn't noticed.
Still, I had to play shy for a few more seconds. I even imagined feeling awkward now. Actually, it did feel a tad awkward. I had a feeling he was unable to process me. He was probably seeing me both as his little friend and as a grown and kind of flirty girl at the same time: "Well, no, just... When I was passing by and Dads asked me to open it up a bit."
He finally poured that glass of water. It felt like ages. And he brought it to me, using it as a cover for his manhood. Oh, my, Martin, really? Now I had two objects of focus in the same place, and you were about to move one of them to fully disclose the other. He offered me the glass by raising it. And there it was. And it wasn't small. Oh, no. It was... It was a really, really nice cock. It was uncircumcised, but even in this flaccid state, it had the shape and the form of a high-quality male sausage. Very importantly, it was perfectly groomed, clean-shaven except a small patch of hairs covering the pubic bone. Oh, oh, oh -- I wanted that cock. Well, I wanted Martin, and seeing that his cock was very satisfying in every aspect, I wanted Martin to insert that cock inside me. I barely resisted biting my lip, feeling the flood of juices flowing down my pussy.
"Your water?" he asked. I was probably staring at his manhood for ages while he patiently waited with a glass in his hand.
"Eh? Oh yeah... Thanks," I grabbed the glass and downed it in two big gulps. I was thirsty, yes. And then I belched just like he taught me to. I did make him laugh, and I made myself laugh. For a second, all those old memories -- me a kid, he a teenager -- came back into life, snubbing all sexuality from the moment.
"There, see how you taugh' me," I said to him. "I can sing the anthem when I drink the carbonated drink." He laughed again.
"Forget the anthem, you're grown up now. It's time for Mozart," Martin said. He was always ambitious.
"Yaaa, Ode to Joy, and the whole quire at that. So that the Island women can go and pray for me in the church later," I replied, actually imagining doing the Burp-o-Symphony in front of the old Islander hags. It was funny, indeed. Not so funny when you read it, though, but still.
And then I remembered that I finally had naked Martin in front of me. I tried not to look directly at his crotch too much, but... My god, it was my most coveted dick, it was impossible to act all casual next to it.
"You want more water?" Martim asked, after another few seconds of my ogling.
"Ya, sure, thanks..." I said, giving him the glass but not actually looking where I was giving it.
Oh yes. And there was his butt again, as he stepped towards the kitchen sink. Lovely on the front, lovely from the back. As we would say in our dialect -- Luvly luvly.
"What?" Martin asked. Jesus, did I say that last bit out loud? Damn, I was losing the composure. Still, I couldn't blame myself.
"Eh? Oh, nothin'... Nothin'," I replied, sounding totally lame to myself. He heard me, definitely heard me. He was more and more onto me, but he was acting all gentlemanly. Well, that was OK with me. Better to throw some extra hints than too little of them.
He brought me a refill, and I gulped it down, this time without any audio effects. "Ah, now I'm super. Well, I'll be off, Dads probably got the dinner ready."
"What are you eating? Reheated fish?" he asked. The joke was really lame, but I laughed at it anyway.
"You idiot!" I replied and gave him a friendly punch in the chest. "We'll just 'ave a snack. Some prosciutto and cheese. Are ya gonna go to the Town later?"
"Nah, I'm resting tonight. The Sun and the beach wore me out," Martin replied.
"Ya, I believe you that," I said knowingly. He even grinned slightly. Jesus, men really can't hide when they got some. "Anyways, ya see there's no problem in ya bein' naked in front of me. Nothin' to be ashamed of, believe you me."
He was taken aback with my compliment. God knew what he was thinking now. But it would be a shame not to give him an honest opinion. Well, it got him blushing a tad now. Or maybe it was just the mild sunburn; I was not sure since the light in the room was not the brightest. Few seconds into the ensuing silence, Martin finally manages to grin stupidly and mutter: "Thanks." Oh my, I just couldn't remember ever seeing him so perplexed.
I took a final look down, taking a few mental photos for future use, and then went on to give him a hearty hug and a peck on a cheek. Oh, of course, I swooped my thigh against his pecker. It was warm and smooth, and as soon as I made contact, I felt my pussy release a decent amount of juice.
"I'll go now. See ya tomorrow -- for dinner, if not sooner," I told him as I broke off the hug, staring him directly into his eyes, fighting like hell with my instinctive desires to lick my lips, or even kiss him on the mouth right there and then. I managed, and moved away a few steps, preparing to leave.
"Sure thing, say hi to Ante for me," Martin replied, not moving an inch from the spot he stood on.
"Sure will," I said, turning around and heading towards the door. As I walked slowly, I heard him exhale quite loudly. If I knew anything about men -- and I did, for a given measure of knowledge -- he was hooked. So, I decided to pull the line a bit more, just to make sure he wasn't about to free himself and swim off.
I stopped dead and started to untangle my bikini panties. I knew the towel was not really covering me while I was standing upright, so it was almost certain that it wasn't going to cover me when I bend down a bit. And I didn't bend down just a bit. I was tired from swimming, and those naughty panties were really fighting my attempts to put them on properly. Can you blame me? OK, to rephrase it -- would you blame me? I didn't think so. My plan was to give him a glimpse. My towel had other plans, and it was obviously in some secret agreement with my inner self since it casually slipped off of me almost completely just before I managed to put my other foot into the leg opening. I did manage to catch it with one hand, but now I was presented with a problem -- it was damn near impossible to pull up the panties without using both hands. And no, I still wasn't thinking about asking Martin for help. I was relaxed and casual -- you know, like in those dumb comedies where people behave like idiots unaware of their environment. Now I had a decision to make: either to focus on rewrapping the towel or to forget about it and just let it slide off.
Well, without getting into details on the process of my decision-making, this is how the next ten seconds went on: once the towel was down on the floor, I finally had the panties wrapped around both of my ankles and was pulling them slowly up towards my knees. And I felt that burning sensation you get when someone is devouring you with their eyes. I had no intention of turning around to see what Martin was staring at because I knew perfectly well where his gaze was set, and sure as hell wasn't about to do anything that would make him avert the stare. Oh, that feeling -- the knowledge that he was observing me as a sexual being - it made me horny as hell, which was in itself reason enough for me to bend down low. Officially, I went down to pick up the towel. Now, any 'normal' person would have done that after covering their pulsating, wet sex. If I wasn't obvious enough until that moment, or if he still didn't take a hint, then it was most probably never meant for us. I gave him a full view of my pussy for at least a couple of seconds, as I pretended to fumble with the towel. God, how I wanted to check if he had a hard-on right at that moment, but I knew my turning around would spoil both the fun and the mystery. So, I finished my dressing up (yes, I called getting into both parts of my swimsuit 'dressing up,' since it was probably the most prudish combination I was going to wear all summer) and quietly exited the cottage.
As soon as I cleared the door, I turned right and passed by the side window, which was also fully open and covered only by the mosquito net. I glanced inside. And there he was, finally, after almost a decade of waiting, in my full view. Martin, in all of his glory, standing in the middle of the floor, his hand slowly caressing his balls while his engorged cock protruded out of his crotch like a wonderful flagpole on which my pussy would be a perfect addition. It was... It was just like I imagined it would be, only better. It was above average in all aspects, but not too big to be used in any imaginable sexual activity. It was there, it was gorgeous, and it was gonna be mine -- very, very soon. I threw just a short peek, wanting him to hear I left the scene. He probably needed and wanted some time alone now, because I was certain that his erection wasn't going to disappear without some hands-on approach.
***

I enter the room. It is a small room, with nothing but a bed in it. As soon as I step over the doorstep, I hear him telling me to close the door. I don't see him, but I know he's about to show up. I turn around and shut the door, and the moment I turn back towards the bed, he is standing right in front of me. He is naked. I look down, and I see his cock in full mast. I look back up and smile at him. He smiles back and scans me from head to toe, giving me the approval nod. Lust is in his eyes as his gaze returns to my eye level. I take him by thehandand lead him to the bed. My pussy is already soaking wet -- actually, it hasn't stopped being like that ever since we saw each other earlier that evening.
I quickly unbuckle the strap, take off my bikini top and toss it somewhere, all with one hand, immediately feeling the cool air and the sense of ultimate freedom on my hard nipples. I am still holding him with my other hand as my knees gently bump into the bedframe. He collides with me, his hard dick poking right into my tailbone and bending slightly, until its firmness makes it extend again, this time sliding upwards along my spine.

"Been waiting long for this?" Martin whispers into my ear and immediately proceeds to kiss my neck without actually waiting for my reply.

I shiver and inhale violently. "Ya 'ave no idea 'ow long..." I whisper. My hand instinctively reaches behind my back and grabs his cock. It is veiny, and yet incredibly smooth. I pull down his foreskin, feeling the smooth, silky skin of his glans, lubricated with precum, as it rubs against my hot skin.

"Bend me down,luv," I tell him, trying to skip any and all introduction to the inevitable.

I hear him smirk just before my torso gets pushed forward by his strong hand. He is moving down my back with his tongue, the tip of it ever gently touching my vertebrae, each contact sending new and stronger impulse throughout my body. His breath iswarm; itismaking me shiverevery time he exhales. I am so fucking horny that I want to scream at him to drill that cock straight into me. He reaches my bikini bottomhemand stops. I wait there, for what seems to be an eternity. I wait for him to peel those suckers off of me. But he doesn't. Instead, he bites into the exposed part of my ass cheek, simultaneously squeezing it with his hand. He does it all. He reads my mind, knowing not what I want, but what I need.

And then, suddenly, just as his grip on my butt softens a bit - he pulls hard, the fabric rips, the ass is bare, I am all uncovered for him. His tongue immediately slips between my cheeks and goes down. I bend forward all the way, my face and my arms are on the bed. I submit fully. I don't want any control, not even that slightest bit. No safe words, no pretends. I need to be his delicious, horny, fuck-worthy little slut.

"Oh yes, go there..." I say through the moan as his tongue touches my rear door. He spreads my ass and drills his tongue directly inside that hole, giving me a shot of almost unbearable pleasure. He reads mymind; heknows my every desire even before I say anything.

His fingers rub against my thigh, approaching my hot, steaming cunt as it drips its juices in expectation. I push back a bit, losing every control that I have. Touch me, play with me, fuck me like I'm the last person you'll ever fuck.

"Baby, play with my pussy, come on..." I say out loud. But he's not going there yet. His tongue is deep in my ass, but his fingers are half an inch away from where I want them to be. He's driving me insane now. I want to scream at him to do what I want, but it's not how this game is played. He is playerone, hehas the controls.

And then his fingers go inside me. I am tight, but they slide inside without any resistance, as the river of juices lubricates me beyond belief. Suddenly, he's inside both of my holes, rubbing, tongue-fucking, preparing me for what is to come.

"Oh yes, oh yesluv,tha'sit,tha'sfuckin' it..." I scream into the bedsheet underneath me, fighting to muffle the sounds as best as I can. I love to talk when Ifuck, Ilove to say what I feel. It entices him even more, and he ups the tempo. His thumb is now rubbing my wet, hard clit. I could come right now, right here, but I fight against it. I will not come until I feel his cock inside me.

He senses it. Now his tongue movesaway, hisfingers are out. But his dick is coming. I feel it just like the prey feels the hunter is approaching. I tenseup, Ipush my ass further back... And he drills inside me, all of it, right to his pubic bone he's filling me up with hisstiff, amazingrod. That's it. Ican't take it anymore!

"OH,MY GOOOOOOOOOOD!" I yell out, not caring one bit about the world aroundmebecause that world has disappeared.The onlything I know is his cock, conquering my throbbing, squeezing cunt and those exterminating waves of pure orgasmic destruction passing through me at the speed of light. "I LOOOOVE YOU, MARTIIIIN!" I scream as my brain experiences yet unknown level of ecstasy. Ineverever said that while fucking, but this one is special. This one matters. This is the deepest truth I carry with me ever since I learned what love is.

He hears me. My piercing shriek makes him shiver, shake and release a loud groan. I feel the flood of warmth inside me, his sperm jetting out of him and directly into the depths and it gives my orgasm another push, an extra force with which it busts me, a supernova exploding in my core. I scream, he grunts. I moan.He groans.We slow down. I collapse on the bed. He tumbles down next to me. I look at him, my smile wider than the ocean. His grin a world beater. I blink. He says:
"Love you too, baby A."
***
I slept in. It was almost noon when I woke up, so I got out of the bed pretty fast. Completely unlike normal me, I was very much under the impression of everything that happened yesterday, including that sweet little lullaby I made for myself. Gosh, what love can do to a person, right. Who'd knew that something buried so deep inside you could come back out to the surface in an instant, given the right circumstances? Well, psychiatrists would, but I never hung out with that bunch -- most of them were studying it because they had serious issues themselves.
I chose to avoid any contact with Martin until dinner time. Teasing him some more would only make me anxious, so I decided to distract myself with going about the day as if there was no Martin. At all. Yeah, right, like I could do just that. I mean, it actually went pretty well for the first hour or so. It was too late in a day and too hot to go for a morning swim and sunbathing, so I settled for a good shower -- and no, I did not masturbate. It was just a shower. Just some water, shower gel, shampoo and the conditioner. I quickly snatched a light summer dress and put it on my naked body, sans any underwear or swimsuit underneath, naturally.
I went to get some coffee out in one of the cafs on the Square. And whaddya know, who did I meet? Martin's fuck buddy from yesterday. OK, she was dressed this time, but there was no mistake in identifying her. Those lovely, sexy lips, that luscious hair of hers, that thought of her riding Martin's cock like a professional rodeo rider... Oh, Anita, you really needed to stop making everything sexual, I told myself. And then snickered at that thought as I dismissed it immediately. I passed by her as she sat at the caf table with a friend of hers, a lovely redhead with big sunglasses and even bigger tits. She didn't notice me, although I tried to walk by as sensually as possible, looking at her and smiling. She was deep in some serious girl talk, so I might have been coming at her swaying a truncheon, she still wouldn't notice. Well, unless she was leaving the Island today, there would be a lot of time for her to notice me -- I'd surely take care of that.
And so, the day went by. A bit of sun & surf, some munch, a few hours of siesta as the sun was giving us yet another presentation of the temperatures more appropriate for the lobby of Hell than our little paradise, and suddenly it was almost time for dinner at Martin's. At the time, there was no chance in hell I'd admit it to myself, but I was excited like never before. Actually, I was even a bit nervous, and I haven't been nervous about anything related to boys, girls or sex since I was... Well, since I learned what sex was. But this was different. These werebona fidebutterflies in my stomach. And I haven't felt those for ages. I checked and double-checked every nook and crevice of my body; I shaved clean all the hair growing underneath my neck, I combed and re-combed my hair until it looked perfectly imperfect. I even put on some light make-up - almost a heresy on the Island. Finally, I chose the best, sexiest casual summer dress I had to put on me. It was probably a record time I've spent in the bathroom getting myself ready for anything, including first dates.
"Anita, ya ready? We gotta go!" Dads yelled from outside of the house, obviously waiting for me for a while.
"Yas Dads, comin' right out," I replied, quickly giving myself one last check in the mirror. Oh, boy, I did look sexy as hell. If I met me somewhere, I'd fall for me. But enough of my modesty, it was time for some good food, some good wine and, preferably, some first-class action.
As soon as we cleared the house and began our stroll down the path towards Martin's cottage, Dads sighed: "Luv, I gotta talk to ya on sumthn'."
"Sure Dads, wha's up?" I asked. Whenever he started a conversation like that, I knew something serious was coming up.
"I heard ya las' nigh'," he said, looking at me with expectancy.
Damn. I knew I was simply too loud. But I had no shame in what I did, nor was Dads judgmental about it, so I had no idea what he was aiming at. "OK, so?"
"Listen, honey. I kno' ya. Ya're a strong girl and ya ain't one to be scared of tryin', but..." he stopped in his tracks and grabbed my hand.
"I'm sorry, Dads, I'm not gettin' ya. I wasn' doin' nuthin' weird or anythin'. It was jus' the run of tha mill..."
"I ain't going on 'bout your... Technique. It's 'bout wha' ya yelled out," he said, continuing his stroll.
"Which part?" I asked, since I yelled out quite a bit, and some of it was pretty hazy due to the intensity of my orgasm.
"Ehm...'I love you, Martin' part," he said. Oh, shit.
"It was jus'..." I tried to explain, but I knew there was no chance of explaining anything to him other than the truth.
"Luv, please don'," Dads shook his head. "It ain't healthy. He's a grown man now -- hell, ya ain't no kid anymore either. But ya shoudn' go down tha' road again, ya know. I luv ya more than anythin' in this World, and I couldn' take it again to see ya getting' hurt."
"Jesus, Dads, where's tha' comin' from now?" I asked.
"From me knowin' wha' happened back then. I can remind ya if ya forgot," he said, a bit condescendingly. Yeah, as if I could ever forget something like that.
"Dads, i's differen' now. And I ain't sayin' tha' just as sum crap I'm tryin' to sell ya," I said. It was a mistake. Dads hated clichs.
"Yeah, differen'. Girl, I've seen enough differen' to kno' i's always the same. People smack their heads on tha walls all the time sayin' i's gonna be differen' this time," he said.
"Oh, where'd ya read that? In one of your books?" I asked. Another mistake.
"In my marriage with ya'r mum," he replied coldly. Now I knew I took the wrong turn. When he got angry -- and it was a rarity -- his tone of voice would just turn freezing cold. But I was too hot in my head, too goal-oriented to buckle and retreat.
"Well, I ain't mum," I said, sounding just like her probably. "And also, why'd ya think ya know wha' I really wan'? Fantasy's one thing, real world's sumth'n completely differen'."
"Luv, no one luvs someone jus' in fantasy, so don' try sellin' me tha' story," Dads replied. He was right, and he knew it. I mean, I understood him. He was there when I broke down like a porcelain doll hitting the concrete floor; he was there to comfort me each night as I cried a Mississippi over the phone. And, as a parent, he was surely not wanting to see it happen again. But, like all dads of the World, he was not really coping with the fact that his baby girl was now grown up and was able to make her own decisions, be it good or disastrous.
"Dads, please don' take this the wrong way -- ya kno' I respec' ya infinitely -- but this time I'll 'ave to ask ya to mind your own business," I said, amazing even myself by those words. He said nothing for a minute, but I saw anger bubbling inside him. Not some 'you disrespected me' type of anger, but more of a kind where he knew he was unable to prevent the boulder from crashing down the mountain. I bowed my head down instinctively, feeling silently reprieved because of being me -- a feeling I never experienced with him until now.
In our short exchange, we almost didn't notice that we were just yards away from Martin's house. And he was there, looking at us, smiling like a man without a care in the World. Oh, for fuck's sake, this was either going to be a perfect night or a complete disaster.
Suddenly, Dads -- my dad, the epitome of mild temper and poise -- hissed at me: "I've told ya it ain't good! Leave the man alone, please."
I was completely taken aback by his reaction. I mean, on the one hand, he was one of the most open-minded people I ever met. Shit, if I'd had to guess, I'd bet a hefty sum of money that he and mum were not just nudists in a beach-going sense, if you get my drift. Also, I knew he really loved Martin -- who was probably the closest thing he ever had to a son. But, Martin was there, so I pulled off a smile of sorts, even though Dads actually made me feel unhappy.
"Where are you, my favorite Islanders?" Martin yelled out, standing like some redneck cook by the grill, wearing some god-awful apron on him and holding a fire rake in one hand and a half-smoked cigarette in another. Even like that, I found him attractive. What would it take him to do to make me find him less interesting? Get married, probably -- but I wasn't even certain about that anymore.
"Look at ya, standin' there like sum backwater redneck!" Dads yelled out as he approached Martin. He gave Martin a hearty hug and a pat on the back. "Here's the munch, just put some of yours voodoo spices on it and toss it on tha grill."
Martin took the bags filled with seafood delight and laid them down next to the grill. Then he turned to me: "Where are you girl, you feeling good?"
I mustered all my strength and gave him a hug. "Yeah. Hi," I said. That was the thing about me. I was awful at hiding my real emotions, except those deepest ones. I mean, when I was sad or angry, I might have as well put up a billboard sign with 'Here be pissed off Anita' written on it. And I surely didn't want Martin to think I was so reserved towards him. "I 'ad a fight with Dads, I'll tell ya later 'bout it..." I whispered into his ear.
"C'mon people, take your seats," Martin said, obviously not wanting to have the tension between Dads and me continue. He turned to me and just before I sat down, he said: "Darling, could you please go to the kitchen and bring out three wine glasses, as well as some water? There's cold water in the fridge." That weasel, he knew exactly why he said that to me. I immediately smiled at him, and the memory came back, still fresh and detailed.
I went into the kitchen, while the men began to talk (no, I wasn't about to make them sandwiches). As I scanned around, the vivid images of yesterday were sliding through the projector of my imagination. Martin, standing there buck naked, his lovely dick exposed, and me giving him something to think about. I wondered if he jerked it off right there and then, standing at the same spot where I left him. Oh, my, wouldn't that be hot as hell. I just adored watching men playing with themselves. There was something so primeval about the way they rubbed their cocks. It wasn't sensual; it was -- well, it was like watching a power drill warming up, all the way until it started to drill, and almost seamlessly bore directly through the surface that seemed impenetrable.
Well, it was not the smartest thing to stand there and fantasize, because it made me wet as hell. And since I had no panties, it just might leave a stain. It was kind of not the place nor the time for Dads to see a wet stain anywhere near my crotch. So, I shook my head, opened the fridge, pulled the jug of cold water out of it, picked up three wine glasses and a bottle opener, and headed outside.
"...doin' nasty job full of stress, and still ya get here full of optimism," I heard Dads telling Martin. Sure, Dads, if you only knew...
I popped the bottle of wine expertly. I loved the wine Dads got from his friend. It was red wine, which usually never goes with fish, but this one was so light and tasty that it went perfectly with almost anything.
"There ya go, see what bartending in the summer does? Now my own daughter can open the bottle quicker and better than I can," Dads said, kind of bragging. It was funny how he slightly changed his native accent when he was in the presence of inlanders. Not that he was ashamed of how he usually spoke, it was much more about the fact that an average inlander couldn't understand half of what we were saying when we were in full Islander mode.
"Of course, it was the time that someone starts opening wine for you," Martin said, as I poured the wine into glasses and distributed them around the table.
Martin wiped his fishy (bad pun, I know, who cares anymore) hands and raised his glass: "A toast! For this meeting after many years, and for every summer to be at least as good as this one, if not even better."
I almost gulped down everything I had in my glass. I needed that, just to level down my nervousness. And then I smiled from inside, realizing Martin gave me a lovely fastball right down the middle: "Deary, the summer jus' started, how come it's already so good?"
"Well, I'm here where I want to be, with people I like, and everything that's happening is even better than I was imagining," he replied without any hesitation. Damn him, guess he was thinking much faster when he had clothes on.
Of course, I wouldn't be me if I just left it at that. So, I kept on pushing a bit: "Umm... Ya've been her for just two days, what's it gonna be like by the end? Ya may decide to stay sum more, eh?"
"Who knows," he said calmly, as if asking a rhetorical question, but he couldn't keep his face straight. A barely noticeable smile escaped his lips, for just a second. Then he quickly ended the exchange: "I'll go and toss the fish and the veggies on the grill, potatoes are already roasting."
The dinner was perfect. Martin knew how to handle the food just as good as he did women in secluded rocky coves. Dads and I talked about us -- well, mostly about me. I had two more weeks before starting my summer job in the City, which was a major tourist hub, and a good waitress could make enough money to take a long trip afterward. Unfortunately, I had only a month to spare after the full season ended, so a few of my friends and I were going to Argentina and Uruguay. After that, it was the final year of med school for me. And then -- life. So I was going to use up all the free time I had to the max.
On the other hand, Martin was way further up the ladder of life already. Back in the Capital, he was working his ass off for several years now, which was starting to show on his bank account, but - thank God -- not on his personality. Consequently, his goal-orientation also affected his love and sex life. He was single and, from what I could read between the lines, not really getting regular service. Still, I admired his dedication. He was like that even when I met him -- when he got on with something, he saw it through no matter how hard it was or how many people told him he was wrong. What he deserved now, in those short ten days he was going to be spending on the Island, was lots and lots of amazing sex. And a tad of love to go with that, because why not?
I cleaned up the table after we ate up. Don't get me wrong, I ain't, and probably never going to be no housewife, but I was all for equality. Dads caught the food; Martin prepared it. It was only fair of me to settle the aftermath. It took me no more than ten minutes to clean everything up, and now it was time to do some drinking. Yeah, I know, they say you can have fun without alcohol. Also, you can run with no running shoes, but those shoes do fuckin' help, don't they?
I poured out whatever was left in the bottle, which made me a bit worried: "I hope that's not all of the wine? I'm jus' getting' thirsty, guess I picked that up from Dads, heh heh."
Dads gently smiled at me. Yeah, usually dads aren't really happy about their daughters drinking, but he knew I took after him in some way, so there was no place for hypocrisy: "Oh-eh, really kid? Ya wanna say I drink a lot, or tha' ya can handle some?"
"C'mon Dads, I know ya always put all yar buddies under the table before ya even started slurrin'. I got that trait from ya," I replied.
"Oh really? So, ya're getting' yar friends drunk, ya poor lassie? Good thing ya're not drivin' them to sober up in the ER," Dads said, trying to act all parental on me, but he was always a bad actor. Shoot me -- I never withheld myself, and yet I was always the last person standing at the parties.
"I know, old man. Tha's my destiny. So, we better be careful not to put our dear host under tha table tonight," I smirked at him. "I wouldn' want him to go to bed too early, I's a long night." I gave Martin a significant look. God, I was getting so transparent one could've used me as a proper windshield while driving.
I had no idea how much Martin could actually drink. I could only hope that he was either resistant to booze or aware of his limits. One thing I had no desire for was spending half a night trying to put a limp drunk man into the coital mood.
"There are couple more bottles that I brought with me -- there by the fridge -- if you feel like bringing them over," Martin finally replied to my initial question. I was back in the house faster than a speeding bullet. If there was the tallest building to jump over, I'd do that too.
Dads and Martin commented something while I was inside -- probably Dads 'complaining' about me planning to get drunk tonight, but I couldn't care less. And I wasn't really about getting wasted; I just wanted to speed up some processes. If the post-dinner conversation was going to stretch out for too long, I'd just mind a bit more about the wine distribution, that's all.
As the Man in Black played some lovely tunes in the background, we enjoyed ourselves more and more, talking about this and that, first about the present, then the near past of the Island, until we finally stepped into the territory of years long gone.
"Oh my, I remember when we were all together here one year, I think ya were about seventeen," Dads addressed Martin in one of those 'when I was younger' tones of voice. He was so funny, trying to appear as some worn out captain of the adventure ship. "Ya were still comin' here with yar folks -- ya always stayed at Baba Branka's place in that luvly apartment. Your Pops," he stopped. Dads always got a tear in his eye when he remembered one of his dearest friends -- Martin's dad. "God bless 'is immortal soul, always complained tha' they had to practic'ly drag ya over here as ya were sayin' ya'll die of boredom on the Island, tha' they didn' understan' ya. And then ya mingled with tha' lil' German girl, Inge or sumthin..."
"Ingrid," Martin corrected him. "And I was sixteen. Trust me, I remember that." Duh. What man wouldn't exactly remember what exact date, time, weather and stock prices were when he first got laid.
"Well, as long as she was 'ere you jumped 'round 'er like a peacock, and suddenly the Island was tha pretties' place in the World for ya," Dads continued.
"Ante, of course I did, I lost my virginity with her," Martin said proudly.
I had to giggle at that. Ingrid was kind of like me -- but German, if you get my drift. "Ah hah... Tha's why
I had to pack home early that summer? I thought ya were mad at me..." I pretended to be sad. Really, really badly.
"Oh come on, you were a kid following me everywhere. I couldn't have taken you with Ingrid and me to the beach..." Martin actually took me seriously.
"And I thought ya hated me and didn' like me 'cause I was still a kid," I swear to God, I almost managed to shed a fake tear.
"How could I hate you?" Martin asked, all worried that he hurt my feelings some fourteen years back.
"You were just in the way when a perky German was giving me some really ambitious sex lessons. It wasn't plausible with you in the vicinity. I think you get it today, right?"
"Today I do. Well, I hope she taught you well," I said, unconsciously giving him a deep, inquisitive stare. A second later, I became aware of it as I sensed Dads was eyeballing me, so I quickly straightened out.
"I believe she did. Never had any complaints later in life. Not even Darling, a creature of its own kind, had anything to object to in that area," Martin replied completely seriously.
God damn, why'd have to mention that bitch. Even today, I'd get crazy hearing her name. Fortunately, nothing else was said about her, as we reminisced Martin's teenage days. I remembered how his cruel buddies were convincing a young, maybe nine-year-old me they were gonna do some bad stuff to me if I ever told on them drinking, smoking weed, kissing and groping girls... But it was so funny because all grown-ups knew what they were doing on the beach. I mean, it's a really small Island, and they were so lazy that they spent evenings and night right there on the main Town beach. Dads knew every step they took, 0-24. And, according to him, it was all completely normal, nothing to worry about. And he was right -- none of those people ended up on the wrong side of life.
"Do ya know why Anita stopped comin' to the Island?" Dads suddenly asked Martin. Oh, damn! He and his weird ways of trying to... Hell, I had no idea what he was trying -- he was either scaring Martin off or prepping the terrain for me. Dads' mind sometimes worked in really mysterious ways, even for me. Anyway, he did manage to make me blush slightly, as I felt the heat rising in my cheeks. I slapped him gently on his hand.
"Dads, please don't..." I said a bit uneasily. Honestly, I didn't want that story told by him. If anyone was supposed to tell Martin about it, it was me.
"Come on luv, i's been seven years, wha's that gotta do with anythin' now?" Dads turned to me, his voice calm but his eyes showing a bunch of cogs spinning in his head.
"Noooo, what'll he think of me?" I know. Pathetic. But it was kind of protocolary to say something like that when the inconvenient truth about you was going to be revealed.
"Whatever, he's grown up, he'll understan'," Dads dismissed me and turned to Martin again: "Anyhow, ya just got together with Darlin' before tha' summer, right?" Martin nodded. He was already getting a pretty good idea where this was going at. Dads continued: "So I called Anita -- it was gonna be the firs' or maybe the secon' summer since her mother and I got divorced -- to talk about her comin' over. I casually mentioned that ya'r comin' with yar new girl, and she starts to weep on tha phone. So I was all dumbfounded, askin' 'er wha's going on, luv and such... At firs' she didn' wanna tell me, and then she admits she's in luv with ya, tha' her world crumbled to pieces and tha' she can't bear to see ya anymore. So I told her not to come."
I looked at Martin. He was actually surprised, but not in a bad way. I mean, I've never given him even the slightest hint about my feelings back then. Now that it was out of the can, and Martin showed no uncomfortableness about it, I relaxed, deciding that it would maybe be wiser for me to control the remainder of the story. OK, not the whole remainder, some details were not for disclosure in front of Dads, as much as we had an honest relationship.
"Oh my, Dads..." I said, wanting to break up whatever storyline he had in mind. "When I remember that... I wanted to kill myself, to kill Darlin'. I never met 'er, and yet I hated her more than the devil 'imself."
"See, she always told me everythin'," Dads said proudly. Dear Dads, not 'everything' everything, to be honest. "I understood her crazy teenage head much more than her own mother. Then I told 'er not to come if she'd feel bad. I know wha' it's like, bein' in luv with someone who ignores ya, I've been there when I was young. And, honestly, I was 'oping that yar thin' with the Darlin' will be over soon. Truth to be told, I never liked 'er."
Now Martin did take on a slightly shocked look. Unfortunately, I was still not able to read minds at that time (unlike today, when I also can't - but 'at that time' sounded too good not to be included), so I presumed he wondered about my prolonged absence from the Island since then.
"Listen, deary, no worries... I found myself a boy in the City later. I's not as if I 'adn't came to the Island for seven years 'cause of ya and Darlin'," I lied through my teeth. Sue me, sometimes you just can't tell the whole truth immediately. "It was just a teenage crush," I lied some more. "Ya were my role model, and I thought we were gonna marry as soon as I turn eighteen," I finished off with another lie. I never cared about getting married or imagined myself in a wedding gown.
"I think Ante would have a lot to object to such wedding," Martin commented.
"Honestly, Ya'd be much better choice than all those other punks she introduced me to. At least I know ya, boy. Tha' doesn' mean ya'd get off easy, she's my only child and I want nothin' short of perfection for her," Dads replied to Martin, sounding like a proper father for just that one minute. Also, this gave me a boost. He was prepping it, rather than preventing it. My Dads, always my favorite parent.
"C'mon now Dads, ya can be calm now. There's no boy now, I'm 'ere on the Island with ya now, and look who's with us 'ere. Jus' like good ol' times," I told Dads, going for the clich.
"Ya said it," Pops immediately smiled wide. "It's luvly to see us. Or better said, to see two of ya. I just go old, and ya're like a pretty picture -- good lookin', smart, grown-up people."
"As for the looks, you can say that for Anita, but how did you get to pick me in the beauty contest?" Martin asked immediately.
The wine in me immediately made me compliment him properly: "Whatcha talkin' 'bout? Ya look better than the las' time I saw ya. Ya're like wine, the older, the better." I grabbed his hand across the table without even thinking.
"OK, thanks for the compliment," Martin thanked me and squeezed my hand. He wasn't even remotely insecure about his looks, but even he wasn't immune to getting a compliment from a young girl.
Somehow, that ended the subject of my teenage love pains. We chatted some more, mostly about irrelevant stuff, as the second bottle mysteriously emptied out and the third one was already in circulation. Without us even noticing it, the night fell, and we were sitting in darkness, broken only by the remaining embers still smoking inside the grill. The sky was completely clear, and the millions of stars were already creating the most magnificent night dome imaginable, with the moon slowly rising over the thick forest grow in the East. In about an hour, the full moon would probably make the night almost as bright as the dawn, which suited me perfectly.
In the midst of a moment of silence, as we all turned our heads to admire the vastness above us, Dads suddenly yawned: "Kids, I'll 'ead home slowly and leave ya two to continue with catchin' up. I believe ya've got much more to talk about without me around." Then he suddenly looked at me: "Anita, please jus' remember wha' we talked 'bout before comin' over."
Oh, God. Really, Dads? After your little story, we're back to that? Just as I thought I got him figured out... "Alright Dads, don't worry. I'll be 'ere for a bit more, then I'll jump in the sea." Not alone, cross my fingers.
"OK, ya jus' enjoy yarselves," Dads suddenly said cheerfully. "An' don' get too drunk!"
"We won't, Dads (Ante)!" Martin said simultaneously with me, and it made us both laugh out. "There ya go, as if seven years never passed. We both know wha' to say to ya and when, Dads."
Dads got up, taking his time, and then vanished into the night. I was always wondering what would happen if some unknowing tourist suddenly bumped into him in the middle of the night, him walking around with no source of light. Poor soul would probably get consecutive heart attacks. I don't know why that made me chuckle a bit every time. Probably for the same reason as any politically incorrect joke does.
We sat there in silence for a while. Thievery Corporation gently protruded from the speakers, swaying us both in semi-trance in this silent summer evening. If it weren't for a couple of mosquitoes, all would be just perfect. Except... I felt the anxiety creeping in. Not the bad kind, but the type that hit me anytime I was about to do something big. The only way to stop it was to do the thing I was supposed to do. It took me another ten seconds to finally put things into motion.
"Let's go down to the beach. Just take the glass with ya," I said to Martin. Without waiting for his reply, I simply got up and took off, minding sideways if Martin was following me. He was. Oh, my...
I headed directly towards the swim spot and picked the same rock on which I saw him fucking that beauty yesterday. Of course it wasn't by accident. Besides the fact that it will surely bring up some fine memories in his brain, the spot was a perfect location for jumping straight down into the sea without hitting something hard mid-flight. The adjacent islands were now just dark shades, speckled with occasional blobs of light. I knew the names of every village, every hill and every inlet on all of them. It was mandatory for all of us Islanders to learn the geography surrounding us before learning to walk, of course. In the old days, that knowledge could mean the difference between life and death. Now, it was just a matter of culture to know your neighbors.
As we both sat down on the rock, I noticed Martin scanning the rock with interest, but with his eyes half-closed. I mean, who'd blame him? If it had happened to me, I'd also be thinking about it. Actually, I was thinking about it. I remembered him, drilling into her from underneath her. Her hair flailing around as she humped him, smacking into his pubic bone with audible delight. And I was wet again. I wanted to touch myself right there and then, but there were matters to be settled before... Well, before I find out how my next orgasm will be produced.
"Ya know, I didn' want ya to learn 'bout sum things like that," I started talking. "Dads fucked it up prop'rly."
Martin took a moment to form a reply: "Eh, don't worry. We're all humans. Anyway, bygones be bygones..." Yeah, sure. Bygones...
"Look, it ain't that simple. It never is," I said. Actually, it was pretty simple, come to think of it, but was planning on telling that later on. "I was definitely plannin' to talk with ya 'bout sum things while ya're 'ere. I told that to Dads, to let 'im know I'll confess. He was against it, afraid it'll create problems between us. That's why we got into a fight. Guess he believed if he told the story while we're all together, the story would jus' slip by. I luv 'im, but he can be a bit nave. Somewhat old-fashioned in sum matters."
"He's your old man; he loves you. He probably thought it'd be embarrassing. But honestly, after last night words can hardly be embarrassing," Martin replied, emphasizing 'last night.' Well, guess he wasn't about to beat around the bush anymore -- if there were any bush to beat around, that is.
"Oh really, eh? Ya liked it, ya old fool, waving your pecker in front of me like tha'?" I teased him. Why wouldn't he, anyway. He had the equipment good enough for waving around.
"That, and also the unexpected viewing of something I never expected to see," Martin replied.
"Whatcha talkin' 'bout?" I asked, acting as thick as a doorknob.
"Your changing. Or rather, putting on the bathing suit," Martin clarified, so I wouldn't confuse what he meant with, for example, a sighting of a beautiful owl flying across the crescent moon.
"Ah," I said knowingly. Well, since we were now at that point -- and it really took almost no time to get there -- I decided it was time to tell him the full story of me, and not just the summary Pops was able to provide. "Let's start from the beginning."
"You mean, from where Ante should have started?" Really, Martin? Suddenly your deduction was impeccable?
"Yep," I replied and nodded. "When I was fourteen, I noticed... Well, ya know I entered puberty rather late, like, I didn't need the bikini top until then?"
"Yeah, I remember. Some girls even teased you over it," Martin replied
"Don't remind me... Lil' bitches, I ain't even sayin' hi to them when I see 'em," I said. It was bullshit; I had coffee with one of the girls that morning. But a good story needs some exaggeration, right? "Well, anyways, that summer ya came to the Island, and I saw you and felt somehow weird in your presence. I really wanted to be near ya, always and anywhere, I wanted to touch ya, hug ya, kiss ya... I knew it was a crush, read sumthin' 'bout it. And I was thinkin' ya'll surely notice me at some moment."
"But you never said or did anything to show," Martin interrupted, seeming genuinely nonplussed.
"C'mon, I was ashamed. Ya were already in college, wha'd lil' ol' me mean to ya. And then, one time when ya, Jose and that little Slovenian guy -- ya know, he used to come 'ere before -- went sumwhere tha' night, so I wanted to go with ya. Ya'll sent me packin' like I was sum vermin. But I followed ya. And saw ya goin' to the beach with sum girls. I watched ya for hours from behin' tha bushes. I think ya were drinkin' sumthin', smoked a joint probably. And then decided to go for a swim. Skinny-dippin', of course. That was the first time I saw ya in the nude -- from far away and in the dark, surely, nothing much to be seen. But it was more than enough for me. I was done for..."
"Oh, honey, I'm so sorry. But it was the time when we were only looking to drink, get high and score... Score with someone our age, you were simply too young," Martin replied in a -- damn, bad choice of words, but -- fatherly tone of voice.
"Yeah, but that was my first time..."
"First time what?"
So, I'll edit out this little part of the story. Not much of it, but it kinda goes too far for the feeble-minded. Not that I have any problems with it. Well, chastity above else. OK, fast forward some thirty seconds.
...I'm just feeling a bit weird, I wasn't even trying to imagine that I was a subject of your desire," Martin replied to my disclosure.
"Well, after that summer I waited a whole year to see ya again," I told him. It was time to tell him all of it. My make or break moment. "My boobs had grown, I felt like a grown woman, so I thought ya'll finally notice me when we see each other. But when Dads told me the next summer ya're comin' with a girlfriend, I just fell apart. I 'avent gone out of my room for a few days, I cried, tellin' myself and my Mom that the World's gone to shite. I kept thinkin' how ya fucked it up and who's tha' bitch who stole ya from under my nose..."
"Oh, Anita..." Martin said, practically taking pity on me. Honest to God, I almost cringed at his tone of voice. "You were fifteen, and I knew you since you were eight or nine. I couldn't imagine looking at you that way. Actually, it would make me a pedophile. And Ante would probably pierce me with his harpoon."
I had no option but to keep going. Actually, I had options, but none of the other ones were attractive: "C'mon, I understan' it now. But then, that was the World's end for me. I told Dads an' he advised me not to come to the Island, 'cause he didn' want me to be all miserable in the summer, lookin' at ya and Darlin' bein' all smoochy and luvin'."
"Yeah, I can imagine how you felt. Especially in your pubescent state of mind, God knows what you'd think of doing." There he was again with that fatherly tone. Jesus H. Christ, was Dads really gonna be right again?
I had to keep going. I had to take this thing to the end. Backing out and not knowing would've probably kill me even more than another swing and miss. "Anyway, about a year after that, I couldn' even feel what I felt when I remembered ya. Nuthin' could make me feel the need."
"Now I feel guilty..." He looked like he just ran over a fluffy little kitten when he said that, I swear to God.
"Oh, ya dumbass, be quiet! And stop worryin', I found a boy later, lost my virginity with 'im -- although he ain't been much in shaggin' department -- but at least I forgot about ya," I said. It was true. My first proper boyfriend had so little talent in the sack that I was sorry for all of his future partners. Anyway, I've had enough of the intro with Martin. It was time to go for the kill: "Well, almost forgot, as I got my need back, sumtimes I remembered ya while lying alone at home, in my bed."
He swallowed. And I mean, audibly. How little it takes, oh my. And then he asked: "OK, until when did that 'remembering' of your last?"
Well, it was the time for the kill. I was either gonna come out of this a hero or a zero. "Who says it stopped."
God. I mean, even in the darkness his skin color visibly changed. I gave a quick glance downward, but he was wearing loose shorts, so I couldn't assess the troop movements. Hi managed to say: "You mean..."
"Yeah, ya still get to inspire me," I put my hand on him when I said that. Instinctively, in all honesty. And began to caress his skin gently. "Dads showed me some recent pics of yars he 'ad. Ya were even better-looking than I remembered."
"You want to say you're still...?" he asked, bewildered.
I laughed out. Yes, I am. Dumbass. I just ain't gonna tell you that. Well, not yet. "Nah, don't worry... I mean, not the way it was then. This is now more a kind of a... Permanent attraction."
"So, when we saw each other two days ago, when I got here..."
"I knew ya 'ere comin', Dads told me. I couldn' wait. And when I finally saw ya, uuumph... Let's just say I put myself to sleep really fast 'n' easy that night."
Martin grinned, probably unaware he did it. He was doing the mental image now, as sure as day. But he managed to stay focused on our conversation: "OK, so now I'll ask: that putting on of panties yesterday evening?"
"Oh, completely on purpose, heh heh," I chuckled at him innocently. The dam was almost bursting; there was no sense in putting another layer of cement on it now. "Ya bein' naked was still an extra moment, 'aven' been expectin' it. As I said, I've seen ya naked before, but never so up close. And I was so 'appy when I saw what I saw. So I 'ad to treat ya with little sumthin'."
"To be honest, I was extremely satisfied with what I saw. You just have to understand; it was extremely hard for me to switch off that 'little Anita' and turn it into 'grown-up Anita.' But your body convinced me of it." It was nice of him to admit it. Yeah, my juices were already flowing out, knowing that the remaining talk was just a technicality, a courteous delaying of the inevitable events to come.
"Ya think I'm pretty?" Yes. I asked that. Honestly, the only question I wanted to ask him was 'Wanna fuck my brains out?' My God, how I surprised myself sometimes. Good thing I wasn't twirling my curl while asking him that question.
"Anita, you're beautiful from head to toe, each part of you," he said as if I needed assurance. I had almost absolutely no issues about my looks. Still, his confession and compliment made my heart race a tad faster.
"I saw ya get aroused yesterday. But I didn't wanna react in front of ya. I was burnin' up inside from the desire to tell ya my thoughts, but I was still kinda scared it'll go awry." Now, there was complete truth spoken out. The only thing I hadn't admitted was the scale of the thoughts I wanted to confess to him.
"Honestly... I needed relief after you left," Martin said, smiling sheepishly. No kidding. Just as I thought he would. Just as I hoped he would. Oh deary me, I was as wet as a t-shirt in a washing machine.
We stared at each other for a long time. His green eyes were amazing to look at. They were boyish and experienced at the same time. He had a hint of crow's feet around his eyes, probably a combination of a lot of laughing and worrying. When he was a boy, he always looked somewhat younger than his real age. Now, the difference was simultaneously widening and disappearing at the same time. If I didn't know him, I could have given him either twenty-five or thirty-five, depending on the perspective.
Not wanting the stare-off to become a movie moment, I decided it was time to stop it, or he might start thinking I was waiting for him to make the first move. So, I got up and pulled my dress over my head. He gasped, and I was sure he hadn't meant to do it loudly. Getting naked in front of him like that was nothing to me -- anything said for the last hour or so felt much more revealing for me than getting properly nude. In all my leisurely approach to personal nudity, I kind of forgot what effect it might have on poor little Martin.
"Let's go for a swim!" I told him, extending my hand toward him. He just stared at me, completely mesmerized, obviously devouring me with his eyes. I don't know if I grinned on the outside, but I did feel absolutely fantastic because of it. Still, we had a lot to do, and we weren't going anywhere as long as he was hypnotized. So I decided to wake him up from the slumber: "C'mon, whatcha waitin' for? Ya've never seen a naked woman before, so it got ya stuck?"
Martin shook his head suddenly, as if I turned off the high beams on my tits: "No, I've never seen naked you. Or even thought that I ever would. And this is... I mean, you are... a ten."
He thought I was a ten. Oh my, this hit me hard. I wanted to jump him right there and then, but I wanted it to happen somewhere else. I had no problem with him fucking that beauty on the same spot we were currently standing on, but I was reluctant to do it in the same spot. Call me a romantic, but I really wanted his cock inside me for the first time in our own place.
"C'mon las, stop talkin' and get them clothes off, I ain't gonna be the only.... Whoaaaaaa! Look at ya devil!" I said as soon as my eyes strayed downwards and noticed the tentpole sticking up under his pants. He was hard, and proper hard at that. And I really, really wanted to remove all that fabric from him. So I crouched and pulled his pants down. His member sprung up like a jack-in-the-box. It was perfect. Veiny, straight, perfectly shaped, its head half-protruding out of the cover of the foreskin as it pulsated. Up close, it looked more than 7 inches long. A beautiful penis if I ever saw one. I barely contained myself not to put it directly into my mouth. But it was still not the time. This was not some random sex encounter -- this needed to be something special. The teenage, heartbroken Anita in me needed it. So I gently slapped Martin's woody and got up, laughing as it bobbed up and down.
"Well, ain't he a proper Jolly! And a proper spear it is. But 'e should be patient, there'll be time for full attention. Le's go now!" As I said that, I turned around and headed directly towards the cliff's edge, jumping headlong into the sea without even looking back. After a couple of seconds, I heard another splash behind me. He was gonna follow me; I had no doubts about it.
As I reached the middle of the cove, I stopped and waited for Martin to catch up, taking a floating position while my boobs stuck out like two buoys. He was about ten seconds behind me. When he was almost there, I went under the surface, taking a position just so that the moonlight depicted his shape from above. I grabbed his leg and pulled him under, taking him by complete surprise. Still, the bugger quickly recovered, grabbing me as I pulled up to the surface. Naturally, he grabbed my ass. With both hands. I swear, some men aren't able to hit the sand when falling off a camel, but they can grab my ass with sniper precision in pitch black and with hurricane-strength side wind. I almost twisted a bit, just to have his fingers slide over my pussy, but then I decided otherwise at the last second. He'll get there, that was for sure, and I wanted it to happen with a firm ground underneath us. So I wriggled out of his grip and swam back up to the surface.
"Let's see ya, old man, can ya still swim like ya did when ya were a young lad?" I decided to tease him.
"I can still catch you with one arm behind my back and one curled leg, kiddo," he said confidently as if I was still the kid he swam circles around.
"Yeah, right," I said, and immediately broke into freestyle stroke toward the shallow sandy part of the cove. And yeah, I neglected to mention that, during those years we haven't seen each other, I took up swimming as one of the cures for my heartache (and probably my overclocked sex drive). I did 50 laps in the pool during the winter, and at least two kilometers during the summer. Every day for the last seven years, except now when I was on the Island -- here I did just one, maybe one and a half. He was fast for an amateur, but he had a chance only if I really paced myself not to put him to shame. Which was not gonna be an option until I was almost at the imaginary finish line.
Once I reached the shallow part, I slowed down and gave Martin the benefit of the doubt, so he wouldn't feel too old. He caught up with me just as the water was waist-deep, and we started to mess around, play in the shallows, run around like two children who were set free on a beach for the first time in their lives. He was still pretty agile for an old guy (just joking, of course -- he was pretty agile as it is). And then I jumped onto his back, waiting for him to take me for a piggyback ride. I felt my naked skin on his body, my nipples rubbing against his shoulder blades, my crotch sliding across his lower back as I latched onto him with my arms and legs. I leaned forward, smelling him. It was delicious. There were the salt and the sea, but also his sweat and a mix of pheromones that made me instantly want to eat him alive.
"Giddy-ya, horsey, c'mon!" I yelled into his ear. He didn't budge.
"Ooh, I'm the stubborn mule, you're not gonna make me move so easily," Martin replied, standing his ground. He probably needed some incentive.
"Ah really? Ya sure?" And then I bit his neck. And it was probably too hard, but I just couldn't control myself. He yelped in pain -- and threw me off of him like some annoying mosquito.
I fell down in the shallow sea and sand, butt first, and it ached. Well, can't say I didn't deserve it, but it still wasn't something I would prefer in a normal foreplay. It took me a moment or two to gather myself, taking deep breaths instead of yelling out like some whiner. I hated those 'ouch' primadonnas who would cry and whine as soon as they felt a minimal amount of pain.
It probably took no more than a second, and Martin was crouching in front of me. He gently moved my curls from my face, simultaneously lifting my chin and staring directly into my eyes. I was melting from inside; my soul was beginning to burn with desire, along with my genitals. It was time to get it on. And, from what I saw, he thought the same.
"Shall I kiss to make it better?" he asked. Duh.
"It's the only thing appropriate, I am a young lady ya threw off of ya," I said, without even trying to feign anything but pure lust.
And there it was. His lips on mine. It was happening. The wait ended, there and then, and one-third of my life spent became absolutely purposeful. Whatever the past was, it didn't matter anymore. My man was there, and he was about to be given what I wanted to give him even since I knew what men actually want. His lips tasted of salt, sea and... And him. There was no comparison. I often imagined what his smell and taste would be like -- cinnamon, apples, chocolate with raisins, whatever my mind sought at the moment -- but this was simply him. The smell and the taste of pure manliness. Testosterone and a five-o'clock shadow.
Our tongues twisted, our hands immediately begin exploring. Suddenly, he grabbed my ass and lifted up into the standing position, my legs around his hips, my breasts against his chest, my mouth against his. As he began to move his kisses down my neck, I shook. I pressed my thighs harder against his, feeling his dick hardening as it gently pressed against my buttock. His lips were on my breasts, and I sighed loudly. He was good -- nay, he was an excellent kisser. And then he bit gently into the soft skin of my right breast. I felt a drop of my juices slide down my thigh.
"Mhmm, just like that..." I whispered. And I knew that I wasn't going to whisper anymore.
As he grabbed my ass firmly, with both of his hands, I suddenly remembered that I didn't want him to enter me yet. I wanted to explore him properly before that. So I lowered my legs down to the ground and started to move my hands down his back, feeling every muscle tensing and relaxing on him. As I reached his butt, I squeezed it properly. It was as good to touch as it was to look at. And now, it was time to go for the main target. I gently kissed him lower and lower. His chest; his hard, wet nipples; his abdomen, all the way down his landing strip to the clean shaven pubic area; all the time avoiding direct contact with his incredibly engorged manhood for as much as I was able to. Well, until it was directly in my line of sight. I gently grabbed it, fitting it perfectly into my grip. I stared at it for a few moments, admiring it again as it pointed its shiny head at me.
I looked him right into his eyes, my lust so great that I was barely able to form any words. "Aven' I told ya there'll be time for 'im, eh?"
I slowly rolled his foreskin off, releasing the entire smooth, blood-filled knob out of its protective cover. I slid my finger slowly across it, smearing a small drop of pre-cum that just spilled out of it.
"God, when I remember how much I wanted to see it, feel it... Mmm, it's even better than the one I imagined. This one's real, it's in my hands, and now it'll go in my mouth," I told him. And I probably winked at him, god knows. I was rarely not controlling my act, and this was definitely one of those moments.
And then, I simply took his cock into my mouth. It was so good, so firm, so perfectly shaped, just like that first ice-cream you got to eat after the school year ended. And it was Martin's cock, which inspired me infinitely more than any other cock I encountered in my life. I was on fire. I squeezed my lips around it and slowly pulled my head back, all the way to the tip, doing it for me as much as for him. I licked every single part of it, playing with it like a kid who discovered ice-cream. I wanted to touch every atom of his manhood, with my hands, my body, my tongue, my pussy... As I worked on him, obviously giving him one of the better blowjobs of his life since his eyes were already rolling upwards, my hand instinctively went for my breasts and my hard nipples. I was so fucking wet and aroused that I almost came just from doing that.
And then, just I was pondering on reaching down for my pussy and releasing at least some of the tension, Martin pulled me gently up into a standing position. He gave me a quick grin, and then swiftly lowered himself down on his knees, spreading my legs in the process. As soon as I felt his fingers touch my cunt, another valve on the floodgates opened wide, and I basically splashed him with information on my current state. He acknowledged it. He parted the inner lips and went straight for the clit with his tongue. Oh my, he knew exactly how to work on a woman so horny. His licks were quick, gentle and rhythmic; he pressed just the right spots -- he actually made me hold myself back because I wanted him to do it some more. Naturally, I had to share my thoughts with him.
"Yea, deary, yeah... I knew ya'd know... Lick my pussy, com'n com'n... Just like that, yes yes yeees...." I moaned as his twists, licks, and rubs were taking me towards an obviously amazing orgasm.
"You have a gorgeous pussy. And now is the time for it to cum," he said, and I couldn't agree more. Especially when his fingers went inside me, and when his other hand began to move closer and closer to my asshole. I just loved ass play, whether it was my ass or any other. Hell, you could make me cum five times just by playing with my back door, not even touching my pussy.
I had no idea what I was doing anymore. My hands were all over the place -- on his head, or shoving fingers into my mouth, squeezing my tits. And I was loud, even by my standards. I moaned, screamed, yelled out 'yes' and other short affirmations a hundred times in a second. And then, it came.
To call it 'a blast' would be an insult. This was a nuclear blast in a moment of bursting a dam holding back the exploding star. I was nothing, I heard nothing, I knew nothing -- except that I wanted Martin's cock inside me that moment. And I was pretty clear and vocal about it, something like "YEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS! FUUUUUCK MEEEEEEE! NOOOOOOW!!!"
And he did. I had no idea what happened in the next few seconds, but it was as if we were perfectly synchronized. Suddenly I was down on my knees, he was behind me, I was rubbing myself raw, and his dick was pressing on my entrance. I was always very tight, so even below-average dicks couldn't enter me balls deep without some prior work, no matter how wet I was. Martin was above average, and it took some time for my pussy to adjust. But it hadn't mattered. Every inch he went deeper into me was like a new bliss for me. As he spread my pussy walls with his rod, I relished it more than anything ever in my life. And once he got me stretched properly -- it was rock'n'rolla. He began pounding me masterfully, all of his length and girth working my tight little cunt a thousand times better than I ever imagined. It was not as if I came again, it was still the first orgasm, not stopping or subsiding. I was a screamer and loved being that, so there were probably people waking up on the next island as I released animal sounds with every slap of his pelvis into me. As if that wasn't enough, he stuck his thumb up my butthole, and then I was out. If my own mom appeared in front of me with the local priest in his company, I wouldn't have even flinched. I probably wouldn't even notice them standing right in front of me. This sex was that good. It was the sex that was rightfully mine, one that had seven years of foreplay and expectations before that, and it excelled in every possible department. I squeezed my pussy muscles tight around his cock, matching his thrusts. I wriggled my hips, I shook and twisted. I was on top of my sexual A-game, all the knowledge I picked up, read on, practiced, or just heard of, packed in this one encounter.
In all that euphoria, I almost hadn't noticed Martin behind me, his moans and groans becoming louder, his body shaking more and more as he upped the tempo, twirling his hips to hit me from every imaginable angle. He was just about to cum. And... Oh, deary, he might pull it out to do that, and I wanted nothing more than to fill me up with his hot cum. In a fraction of a second I came to my senses, I decided it wouldn't appear completely sane of me to physically hold him inside me while he came. Which made me say the following sentence, just as I was getting power-drilled and as my climax was barely subsiding: "Cum inside me, I'm on a PIIIIIILL! JEEEEEEEEEEESUS!"
He deserved an extra credit just for not stopping dead and laughing his ass off.
Instead, he came. And, to my delight, he was also a loud one. Hi grunted, groaned and screamed out a throaty 'AAARGH!' as jets of his cum spurted inside my hot orifice. I pushed back my ass to counter his thrusts, and he kept on going, for as long as his cock remained hard -- and some more, until it simply fell out of me, drained of fluids. His finger was still in my ass, circling gently and making me want more. But, there was time for that. Now, I slowly slid down onto the wet sand underneath me, laying on my belly, and Martin collapsed on his back next to me.
We panted for a while, breathing deeply and laughing post-coitally. He had a grin of all grins, and I probably wasn't looking any different. My hair was everywhere, and my juices mixed with his sperm were already leaking out of my pussy and down my thighs.
"Deary, ya're the fuckmeister," I complimented him.
"Darling, you're a fuck queen!" He reverted. Duh, as if I didn't know that already. But, if it weren't for him, who knows if I'd practice so hard in the past.
I touched his face gently, rubbing the back of my hand on his stubble. He grabbed my ass, of course. "Eh, did I catch ya or what? Ya weren't expecting it, admit it."
"Never. Especially not such an overt act," he admitted honestly.
"It's sex! I luv it, I adore it. Why'd I be ashamed of it? Most men 're scared of me 'cause of it, but I saw ya ain't one of those, especially after wha' ya did with that woman on tha beach." Yeah, I decided, since we have fucked a minute ago, why not tell him I know about what he did a day before.
Martin almost choked on his saliva. "How did you...?"
"I was going for a swim and ran into... Well, ya two were just in the middle of it, and tha' funny couple was starin' at ya like two idiots. So I knew ya knew 'ow to fuck, and that I needed to act now. But I didn' wanna intrude then an' there, it wasn' the moment."
"Well, it didn't bother you...?"
"Deary, what'd bother me? I ain't no lil' girl no more. Ya fucked 'er yesterday, ya fucked me today, so what? She ain't been your girlfriend," I said honestly.
"She isn't now either. I don't know her phone number, nor where she's staying..."
"I've seen 'er in the Town, she's pretty... And she's got a lovely friend. I'd do her too, trust ya me..." Oh yes, I would do her in a heartbeat.
"We'll see..." he said and trailed off. I couldn't actually read his expression, but it was hopefully not something he thought off as a negative thing. However, he quickly got up and changed the subject. "Let's swim back, we can continue talking back in the cottage."
"Talking?" I asked, almost starting to laugh at such lousy use of the verb.
***
We swam slowly back across the cove. I felt zen-like, but also longing for a never-ending supply of Martin in me. And I was going to get more of him, no doubt.
We slowly climbed up the shore, him following me since I knew every nook, cranny and (most importantly) sea urchin laying in the path to the firm ground. It was a hot summer night, and the air felt perfect on my wet skin. Without bothering to put anything on us, we run back to Martin's cottage. I turned on the light and then went to get myself a glass of much-needed water. As I turned to give Martin a glass too, I saw him staring at me, his mouth half-open and his eyes wide. Oh yeah, and his cock already half-mast. He gulped down every drop of the tasty, cold liquid without moving his gaze off of me. OK, I won't pretend to be humble -- I was used to men staring at me like that. Shit, I sometimes stared into the mirror with that amazement. As much as my genes made my emotions turbulent, they sure did give me a package I'd never complain about. Well, as long as I worked on it. But seeing Martin looking at me like that made me as horny as I never thought would be possible.
Martin's stare told me everything I needed to know -- he was as ready as I was. It was time for act two, and my holes needed some more of Martin right now. I quickly climbed onto his sofa on all fours, exposing my ass and my wanting vulva at him.
"Soo, where do ya wanna put it now?" I asked him, gently spreading my pussy for his pleasure and peruse.
"In both of them, of course," he replied. I glanced at him quickly through my legs and noticed his dick was back in the full throttle mode.
"Well deary, ya filled up my pussy already, don't ya think it'd be 'orrible if ya neglected my butt?" I asked, my voice all innocence while I stuck my wet finger up my ass. God, I loved playing with my ass. If I was a man, I'd surely not be straight. That feeling was amazing, as the tight hole stretched gently and the thousands of nerve endings produced a feeling of ultimate delight. Naturally, I shared my thought with Martin: "I really, really luv bein' fucked in my butt. Mmmm... Would ya be a sweetheart and come over 'ere?"
It took him less than a second to put his tongue right next to my finger, which told me he had no shyness about that area. So I decided to let him be the boss of my ass while I concentrated on rubbing my wet, wanting cunt. Every time he pushed the tip of his tongue inside my pucker, I shivered harder. I probably didn't need to say how many times I imagined him doing just that. Didn't need, but wanted. So I did: "Oh, this makes me feel sooo good, ya got no idea... I imagined ya doin' this to me a thousan' times, oooh..."
"Well, then you'll probably love this..." He pushed his finger into my pussy, lubed it proper, and then pushed it into my asshole. "Oooh, yes yes... More, give me more..." I groaned from the immense pleasure he was giving me. And, on cue, he repeated the procedure with his second finger. I cringed for a millisecond as my sphincter tried to tighten up, but then it relaxed, and I got taken over by the sheer joy of having my butt worked on just as I imagined. I started to twirl my ass, to use my muscles to suck his fingers deeper inside me. If there was a heaven, and if we could choose what that heaven should look like, for me it would the place where sex would be constant, and anal games would be mandatory.
"Sooo good... Yes baby, just like that, oh yes..." I talked to him as he worked me. I knew I needed to take him upstairs and do the whole thing I had in mind -- mostly 'cause I was afraid we might spend ourselves too early. Thinking that, I gently grabbed his fingers and pulled them out of me. I turned around, staring at his blissful face. "Wait... Come with me," I told him, took his arm and led him upstairs to the gallery where the bed was.
"Look. I have this... This fantasy 'bout ya and me, it takes place right 'ere," I said as soon as we were on the bed.
He responded by two sparkles in his eyes. Well, that and some words: "OK, I'm all ears. And a cock in one part."
Oh yes, the cock. His rod was standing at full attention, and just for a moment, I imagined it being attached to a pair of gigantic earlobes. Quickly dismissing that bizarre image, I gently patted his gorgeous man-gun. "Yeah, and just the right part."
Then I put my hands around his waist and looked him straight in the eye, slightly moving about to feel the tip of his dick rubbing against the gentle skin of my belly. "I had this fantasy a lot of times when I was on this bed, sooo.... Wanna' make it real for me?"
"Does it involve kicking me in the balls?" he asked.
I couldn't tell if he was serious, so I approached carefully. You never know... "No, I promise. Unless ya wan' to..." I said, grabbing his swollen, smooth sack with my hand.
He shook his head, so I thankfully gave him a big, wet kiss. I was in for all kinds of kinky, but purposefully hurting man's junk to the point of him losing consciousness was not one of them.
"Then I'm all in!" he exclaimed.
I bent down and reached beneath the bed. My box of joys was just where I left it the last time. I opened it and gently caressed my favorite dildo which was the main content of the box. It was just about the size of Martin's cock, pink and veiny, and I loved it because it could fit into both of my holes just perfectly. I called him Toby, for no reason whatsoever. The box had a tube of amazingly smelling lube I ordered online, which we were about to use in abundance. And then I realized that Martin might be asking himself what was my sex toy doing in his house, under his bed: "Look, deary, ya weren't 'ere, and I couldn' do back 'ome what I luv doin' when I'm alone. And it was empty 'ere, so nice... And it's ya'rs."
He gave me an 'of course, I don't mind' look, and then replied with a tone of voice that invoked another flood of juices from my pussy: "I smelled your scent on the bed that first night I got here."
"Ya better 'ave, I climaxed on this bed at least twen'y times before ya got to the Island. Las' time no more than half an hour before we met at Dad's place." I chuckled nastily as I said the last sentence.
Instead of replying with words, Martin gave his response if the form of his cock getting even harder and twitching towards the sky, the veins on it creating a network that gave it an incredibly powerful appearance. The talk was over, and it was time for action. I laid down on the bed and pulled Martin into a reverse-69 position, his balls and (to my ultimate delight) his smoothly shaven asshole coming directly in front of my face. I licked my lips in the expectation of what I was about to do to him. But first, I needed to instruct him on the details of my fantasy.
"Take the..." I began saying, but he interrupted me halfway.
"I'm already on it," he replied as he was pulling Toby out of the box and giving it a hefty lube-job. Then he squirted some more of the lubricant on his hand and began to prepare my anus for exactly what I wanted. It was incredible, how he was reading my mind, and the level of my arousal became almost unbearable.
"God, ya're readin' my mind... I guess I'm not that 'ard to figure out, right? Now put it in, I luuuuv that! Also, let's see if ya luv what I had in mind for ya," I told him, and then pulled him back and down a bit.
First, I put a hefty amount of saliva on my fingers and immediately began to rub around his asshole. It was a really good-looking man's ass, with no ingrown hair or pimples. It looked fresh and obviously tight. Once I was convinced he didn't mind (and his moan of pleasure was providing such conclusion), I started to lick it. He flinched and groaned loudly, obviously feeling substantial pleasure. I was going out on a limb with this fantasy of mine since most of the guys would probably not let me do that to them. I grabbed his cock with my hand and started to gently jerk him off, feeling his foreskin sliding tightly across his engorged knob.
And then he inserted Toby into my ass. I shook and shivered as bolts of barely imaginable pleasure streaked through my spine, through every cell of my body, all diverging to one point in my brain and causing a chain reaction of pure ecstasy: "Oh my, oh my... Aaaah!"
My ass gave no resistance at all, and soon Martin was thrusting almost all of the length of the dildo into me. I got back some of the control over my actions and immediately began to work furiously on his ass with my tongue, spreading his buttocks to gain full access. I shoved my tongue inside him, widening his tight pucker slightly with each push, to which he responded with groans that were as loud as mine.
"Yummmm... I just luv rimmin' ya, ya've such a cute ass..." I said as I spanked him lightly with my free hand. "Oooh God! Ya're workin' me really good, deary! Put ya'r finger in my pussy now, please."
This made him laugh. Good. I loved having sex with someone who didn't take it too seriously. Still, he recovered quickly and obeyed. And suddenly I was somewhere beyond. So far from reality, with only my senses and my instincts operational, while my conscious brain simply shut off and gave control to the primal parts. My mouth and tongue worked his ass as if my life depended on it; my hand slid up and down his shaft viciously, all the while my holes were being filled with silicone and Martin. I have no clear recollection of what I did, but there was definitely a lot of screaming, moaning and twisting my body, especially as his fingers located my g-spot and began working on it. My skin felt like it was simultaneously massaged by trillions of tiny hands, my feet tingled, my heart raced faster than Olympic gold winner in a 100 meters dash. It was time for him to go inside me, and I had no intention of waiting for him to decide on it.
"Go down, luv! It's time for ya to put some real meat in my butt and fuck me proper!"
He moved like a cat, revolving himself and turning me on my side in one move. He positioned himself on his knees directly behind me and lifted one of my legs up. From the moment I felt the tip of his dick touching my back door, I knew I was going to reach even higher levels of ecstasy. And boy, it came as soon as he slid into me, balls deep, my ass not even trying to tighten up reflexively.
"Oh yes, oooh YEEEES! Fuck me, fuck me, FUUUCK MEEE!" I screamed out so loud that I hoped the people in the center of the Town hadn't felt the sound tremors. He rammed his pelvis into my buttocks with incredible poise and precision, investing everything he had into it. I was getting it, full force. I forgot everything about anything. I just wanted to be ripped apart by Martin the mighty fuck machine. I needed to be handled like that all my life. And in the midst of all that glorious action, suddenly I felt the touch of the familiar, silicone textured rod on the entrance to my cunt. Martin pushed Toby inside me, and I was as filled up as I ever imagined I could be. It was time for the final act.
Not wanting for Martin to lose his rhythm, and knowing that he might not know exactly what I needed for the grand finale, I grabbed Toby and began to fuck myself, hard and fast, in sync with every thrust of Martin's cock into my ass, while rubbing my clitoris furiously, it being so lubed by my own juices that it felt like sliding my fingers over an oiled-up pea (except infinitely better, of course).
"This is... Oh yeeeeeah... So good... I'm goin' craaaazyyyyy!!!" I yelled out, though it probably wasn't something he hadn't noticed already.
And then I felt it coming. Not just one, but both of them. The slight tingling in my crotch, slowly spreading all over my body. My lips began to tremble uncontrollably, my spine arched, my fists clenched. My soul exploded.
I knew the secret of life, the universe, and everything else at that moment. I was the center of everything that was; I was one with it all. The mother of all big orgasmic bangs exploded inside me, delivering unbelievable amounts of pure, unadulterated pleasure to every atom of my being. For a moment, this was an out-of-body experience; me watching us fucking, watching myself twist and jerk, listening to my screams of ecstasy, seeing Martin fucking my brains out, seeing me drilling myself furiously with that beloved pink, veiny dildo.
As it all happened, my body managed to send me a signal. It is really a weird feeling, you know. If I hadn't known exactly what was happening, I might have stopped now and said I have to pee. But this was nowhere close to that meagre bodily function. This was heaven, part two. The moment I felt the release, I pulled the dildo out and let the stream of liquid fly out of me, all the while still convulsing on what was probably the strongest orgasm of my life (and I had more than a few amazing ones, I have to say). But I was not finished. As soon as the jets of squirt stopped coming out of me, I rammed the dildo back inside me and went for another shot. I was completely out of control, and by what I felt, so was Martin. His unbelievable energy pushed me on towards one more ejaculation, and just as my primary orgasm began to subside, the feeling of tension came again. I barely pulled Toby out of me when another jet of pure squirt blasted out of my pussy, all over Martin's legs, my thighs, the bed... It was, well, glorious.
And then came the bliss. I felt myself slowly returning to reality, gaining control over my body and mind. But that reality I came back to was infinitely different from the reality of just a couple hours ago. Martin sensed my retreat and slowed down. Hats off to the man, he managed to go through all of this without cumming or even taking one of those short breaks in tempo men usually take when they are trying to prevent an early orgasm.
I pulled myself off of his dick. I was still all wobbly and shaky, but I had one more part of the mission to accomplish. So I slowly got up on my knees and brought my face in line with his red, swollen and still hard-as-a-stone member. I grabbed it without hesitation and began to jerk it off, quickly moving my other hand to play with his butt.
"Oh, my wonderful fuck-boy... I wanna see ya cum, let yar sperm fly..." I told him, staring directly into his eyes. And, boy, did it come quickly. Not a minute later, he began to shake uncontrollably and groan. Loudly. He probably hadn't realized how loud he was, or that he was screaming: "A-a-a-a-a-a-niiiii-TAAAAAAAAAA!!! FUUUUUCK!!!" And, on that 'fuck,' he came. All over me. I mean, the first time he came not an hour before, and now I was receiving around half a gallon of his cum directly into my face, my hair, over my chest. He was coming like it was his last. If it felt nearly as good as my orgasm felt for me, he was probably not conscious at all. My dear Martin, this is what I do to people I truly love. And I'd do it to you as long as that love lasts. But we'll get to that later -- maybe.
A few moments later, we were both sprawled on the bed, barely moving. The only thing that could be heard was our breathing. Deep breath in, long breath out. And then a quick glance at each other, and a smile. And then another breath. It had lasted for some time before Martin gathered enough strength to speak: "You can..."
I knew what he was about to ask, so I interrupted him to conserve his energy: "Yeah... An' it's yar fault. If it weren' for ya, I wouldn' practice tha' much when I was little and found out abou' it. But it takes jus' the right style and frequency to do it. Of course, it was so much easier with ya in my ass. Many fantasies on mine 'came truth this evenin', I gotta tell ya."
I gave him a kiss, feeling his salty and sweet semen sliding across our lips as they touched. He didn't seem to mind, but then he grabbed a sheet and went to clean me up. I didn't want to be cleaned up. Besides in the eyes, there was no part of my body that I wouldn't want to have covered in his cum and sweat: "Leave it, deary... I like it like that."
"You're incredible. I only got to know the adult you tonight," he said, widening his incredible smile.
"No, ya didn'," I said to him, faking a mystery. "There's much more of me to know. And I believe there's a lot of ya to get to know still." I gently brushed my hand over his relaxed balls, and then across his beautiful face. I simply wanted to keep touching him, from now on, without any pause. Yeah, my sentiment got to me -- for all that matters, I was still a girl. I still had that mushy side of me, full of clichs I outwardly hated but internally longed for. Don't laugh at me, I just told you how I squirted twice, it compensates the hell out of a moment of romantic weakness, OK?
As on cue, we began talking, slowly getting to know each other -- well, to talk about the years we were apart. I told him a short history of Anita. He gave me a quick lesson on Martin. Nothing too detailed, but enough to have a few good laughs, hugs and kisses, before we simply dosed off, blissfully and without any cares in the world.