After an hour of wandering around town, Alex had only a few pieces of her slutty kitty costume remaining to find- her nipple clamps and her vibrator. However, she was nearing her limit- between the vibrating tail plug and the warm, lewd sperm in her ass, as well as the fact that she was in heat, Alex couldn't help but meow and whine constantly as she wandered around town, begging and asking people if they had seen her "toys".
She walked up to someone watering flowers in front of their house- a short, tomboyish looking woman wearing a tank top and sporting a pixie cut.
Alex shyly looked up at her. "Excuse m-me... myaaaaa... have you... seen... have... haaa... ahhh~!"
Alex couldn't even finish the sentence. The tail gently vibrating and pulsing in her ass made her start to cry out and moan. Her legs grew weak, and she fell to the ground, pawing at her burning, tingling skin. Obscenely thrusting her hips and squirming in front of a stranger, Alex felt a brief moment of shame, before another pulse from her vibrator made her forget all about it.
The woman knelt down and teasingly played with Alex's long, black hair. "Aw, is kitty in heat? Poor kitty... did you want some 'help' getting rid of all that energy, hmm?"
Alex wanted to say yes, more than anything, but she couldn't- her Master had told her not to cum, and so she obeyed. "I... I lost my... my toys... Master... told me to... myaaa...! Please hurry please please please I can't take it much longer...!"
The woman chuckled. "Oh! Yeah, I think I have your 'toys', hehe. Come on in and I'll give them back to you... after I play with you a bit, of course..."
Alex whined pleadingly. "But, but, I can't, if you tease me anymore, I might, I might cum..."
The woman shrugged. "Aw, that's too bad... I guess you don't want your lil' kitty toys back, then... They look like soooo much fun..."
Alex moaned. "Ahhh... okay, okay, please, lemme just go inside, I'll let you do whatever- myaaaAAAA~! Oh, oh, it feels sho good..."
The lady smiled. "Good girl... follow me."
...
Alex ended up tied down, spread-eagled on a table, completely vulnerable to this stranger's whims. She still felt the tail plug buzzing away in her abdomen, throbbing and pulsing unrelentingly. Alex squirmed around, feeling exposed and vulnerable, as always. Even as shamelessly perverted as she was, she still felt a little shy about exposing herself- which is what she loved about it.
The woman stood above her, staring Alex in the eyes, savoring the desperation present in her every twitch and moan.
"How cute... you look adorable like that. I almost wanna just keep you..."
She first took out a small cat toy- an actual one. It was a fluffy-looking feather duster on the end of a springy rod- like something a real cat would bat around with its paws to occupy itself.
Alex, being utterly enthralled by pleasure at this point, did her best to act like a real cat. "Myaaa! Fluffy... I wanna play..." She tried to move her arm and bat at the toy, but was stopped by the ropes ensnaring her.
The woman smiled. "Aw, hey, don't move. I'll help you- just relax, and I'll play with the toy for you~"
Before Alex could protest, the woman began gently running the toy over Alex's body, wiggling the colorful toy back and forth, quickly brushing over Alex's soft, sensitive skin. She started at the stomach, then tickled Alex's sides, then her feet...
Alex couldn't stop giggling and laughing. "Myaaa~ hehehe, stooop, ahahaha~ Ah, ahahahahha, ohhhh that feels nice... Mmm, mmmmahahahahaha, hah, hah..! Please, no more...!"
The woman brushed over Alex's clit and rested the toy there. "Hm, really? You seem to be enjoying it..."
Alex gasped, thrusting her hips against the teasing sensation at her crotch, desperately attempting to stimulate herself more- but the teasing toy was as light as a feather, and the woman wasn't moving it at all.
Alex whined. "Ahh, ah, please, I don't like it, this is torture...!"
The woman giggled, watching Alex hump the toy frantically. "Aw, Kitty, what's wrong? Your mouth and your body are saying different things! Naughty kitties that lie need to be punished~"
She then took out a permanent marker. Slowly, gently, she printed out the word "SLUT" on Alex's stomach, big and bold for all to see.
"Myaaaa~ Myaaaan~"
Then, one by one, she brought out Alex's toys. She inserted the vibrator into her pussy, clamped the nipple clamps onto her areolae, and turned it all on. Buzzing and moaning filled the room as Alex struggled against her bonds.
Alex was pretty out of it at this point, not even forming coherent words anymore- only moans and whimpers, anything to vocalize the intoxicating lust that was acting on her body.
Her torturer smiled. "Hehe, are you sure you're a kitty? Most kitties are brats, but you would just do anything I say at this point! You're so easy to please... are you sure you're not really a puppy?"
"Myaaaa~ Ah- please fuck me, I don't care anymore, I wanna cum so badlyyyyyy~"
The lady was amused. "Bark for me, bitch."
Alex unthinkingly did as she was asked. "W-woof! Woof, woof! AaaaAAAA, please, I feel so tingly, please touch me, please, anything, please...!"
The woman sighed. "Well, it's no fun if you're THIS easy to break... you know what, just go. Here, I'll untie you. You're the sluttiest kitty I've ever met, you know that?"
Alex mewed and whimpered as she carried Alex over to the entrance and gently set her down outside. "Please... please, just hit me, please, please touch me, I need it..."
The lady relented, and gave Alex a firm smack on the butt. "That's for being such a good girl for me. Now, run along!"
The last stretch to get back to her master was the hardest. She had been holding in a rapidly mounting orgasm for a couple of hours, constantly on edge and in heat. She swayed and thrust her hips as she walked on all fours, meowing loudly and shamelessly as everyone watched her parade down the street, completely naked and marked as a slut for all to see.
Finally, she got back to Yuri, and looked up at her pleadingly. "I.. I'm... I...!"
Alex couldn't take it anymore. She crawled up to Yuri and sniffed at her leg.
"Ahhh... Master's scent... Master smells so nice..."
Alex arched her back, and moaned loudly as she came.
Yuri scolded Alex. "Bad kitty... you were sooooo close, too! You're so pathetic, cumming just from rubbing up on me and sniffing my leg..."
Yuri walked around to Alex's backside and gave her an order. "I want you to show everyone how much of a slut you are. Count how many times I spank you. I'm not letting you go until you cum from being spanked like a little bitch."
Yuri began spanking Alex, over and over again, as the crowd watched and jeered.
Alex moaned out. "One... Ahh, ahhmmmmmmMM! T-two, thwee, f-fou... fuck, FUCK, ahhhhn! Five, s, sex, seven... eight..."
...
"Ten." Yuri whispered into Alex's ear. Suddenly, he woke up, shaking and shuddering. "Ah! Wha- what..." Then he looked down- his pants were... sticky.
Yuri climbed up over him. "Happy anniversary, Kitty... how about we get you out of those dirty clothes, hm?"