Author's Notes: This is the second chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapter for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.
* * * * *
It had been a couple of days since Jack joined me and my husband Bill for a photo shoot which resulted in Bill happily watching as Jack had sex with me. That evening, after Jack left, Bill and I discussed how much Bill enjoyed sharing me, how I enjoyed being shared, and how we wanted to do it again. We established some initial guidelines for who and when I could have sex with other men.
We hadn't discussed the topic again for two days. But it appeared that Bill was thinking about the topic as much as I had been doing so.
"Do you have more thoughts about our discussion the other night?" Bill opened the conversation.
"I get aroused just knowing you want to watch me have sex with other men." I replied honestly.
"Have you considered who you want to have sex with?" Bill said in his forthright way.
"I've considered some men I know, but I get a tingle thinking about picking up a stranger and having him fuck me hard while you watch and take pics." I said. "What do you think about me and a stranger?"
"Well you said it would be about the sex, and not about love or any sort of attachment. Sex with a stranger would be wicked. We have to be careful though." Bill replied. I think he really liked the idea of sharing me with a stranger, but he also showed some concerns for my safety.
"What about one of the guys we've met on the picture forum?" I asked. "Most of them are just horny dogs. But a few appear to be nice in their comments. And some have been gentlemen in their private messages to me."
"Anyone in particular appealing?" Bill asked. He appeared excited that I was participating in fulfilling his fantasy, and his.
"Frank comes to mind." I replied. When I mentioned that name, Bill's eyes lit up.
"Yea, Frank has always been a gentleman, even If he is a perv on our photo site. He only lives an hour or so away. Based on his pics and shared experience he would be a good candidate. His cock doesn't look too shabby either. " I jokingly added.
Bill thought a moment and then replied. "We could arrange to meet him at a bar or restaurant in the city. Before we meet with him, we could check into a nice hotel. Then once we meet him, we could decide whether to invite him back to our room."
I smiled and nodded my head in excitement. My pussy throbbed and I was becoming wet. It dawned on me how much I wanted this to happen. It was obvious that Bill was eager for this as well.
Through the online forum I sent a private message to Frank asking if he wanted to meet Bill and me. I didn't need to explain why. Frank quickly replied that he did. We exchanged phone numbers and set a date for Saturday night at a downtown restaurant that would allow us to meet each other and see if we were compatible. Bill made reservations for a hotel within walking distance of the restaurant.
"This is really going to happen, isn't it?" I asked. My pussy was aching and I knew my panties were getting wet.
Bill nodded. He still had that excited look on his face. "Are you as horny as I am right now?"
"Fuck, yeah!" I replied.
"That's exactly what I wanted to hear." Bill said and he took my hand and pulled me towards our bedroom. Our clothes were flying off as we quickly tumbled into bed naked. Bill's cock was already very swollen. I was very wet. Without any foreplay he spread my legs and buried his cock within me.
"Oh Fuck Bill. That feels good." I moaned.
Bill was especially energetic and fucked me quickly with deep thrusts while kissing me and pulling on my nipples with his fingers. It was a good hard fuck and within a couple of minutes I had my first orgasm.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" I screamed as my orgasm washed through my body. It felt so good.
Bill didn't pause for my orgasm to recede. He flipped me over onto my knees and took me from behind in doggie fashion. I know he loves this position. He either grabs my hips and thrusts his cock hard and deep, or as he did this night, he wrapped his arms around me and fucked me with rapid short thrusts. His hand found my pussy and played with my swollen clit. My second orgasm came quickly and was even more powerful.
I collapsed onto the bed gasping for air, with Bill on top of me. He had expended a lot of energy and I could tell he needed a breather. However, he hadn't climaxed and was still very horny. He rolled off of me and laid on his back, his cock pointing at the ceiling.
I took the lead and swung my leg over his body. I lowered my gapping pussy over his cock and dropped so he fully impaled me. God, that felt incredible.
From my kneeling position, I began to raise and lower myself on his cock, slowly fucking him. We could go like this for a long time, many many minutes. He was staring into my eyes with a look of love and appreciation. I smiled back at him.
"You got really horny thinking about me fucking another man, didn't you?" I asked while I continued to ride his cock.
"Yes. I admit it. The thought of sharing you and watching you have sex with another man really does get me hot." Bill replied sheepishly.
I decided to continue the dirty talk and see how long he lasted before having his orgasm.
"You are really looking forward to watching Frank bury his big fat cock into my pussy. Stretching my pussy open, and fucking me hard until I cum again and again." I teased Bill.
I could feel Bill's cock throbbing inside me. I knew this was really getting him off. I continued slowly fucking my husband's cock and using my vaginal muscles to squeeze him as hard as I could.
"Oh, God!" he exclaimed. "Yes! I want to see his cock stretch your pussy."
I squeezed my cunt around Bill's cock and continued the long, slow rise and fall up and down on it.
"And you will take a lot of pictures so we can re-live the moment again and again." I whispered into his ear. "I want you to watch him fill my pussy. I want you to watch Frank and I have incredible orgasms."
"OH GOD!" Bill yelled as his orgasm hit. I felt his cock swell inside me and then it began pulsing as his cum jetted deep inside my pussy. God, it felt good and I had a third, smaller orgasm myself.
I lay on top of Bill and we rested. His cock slowly softened and pulled out of me. I knew my cunt was a real mess. It wasn't always that Bill did post coitus cleanup, but this was one of those times.
"Sit on my face." Bill implored. "Let me eat you."
I wasn't going to turn down such an offer and decided I would reciprocate the oral action. I pulled off of his cock, and turned around into a "69" position. I lowered my pussy, already flowing with his cum and my fluids, onto his waiting mouth. At the same time, I took his very wet cock into my mouth and gently licked and sucked him clean. I loved the taste of our combined fluids. It was so decadent and naughty.
Bill spent several minutes gently licking the copious fluids flowing out of my pussy. This was a special treat for me. His tongue kept my orgasm drawn out, slowly diminishing. It was a wonderful ending to some incredible sex.
Finally we finished and I snuggled next to my husband, my lover, and my best friend. Sleep came quickly to both of us.
- - - - -
Saturday couldn't come soon enough for either Bill or myself. Even the anticipation of the weekend's activities had us both so horny. Throughout the week we had discussed our expectations for a fabulous weekend sexual encounter with Frank. Bill and I were constantly horny and fucked hard every night.
Friday morning I took some time off from work and had my pussy waxed. I loved the way it felt so smooth.
We left Saturday morning for the hour drive into the city. We left early so we had extra time to do some shopping. I bought a new outerwear black satin bustier and a black leather mini skirt. A short jacket completed my purchases. I brought along on the trip a tiny lace black thong and my black stiletto heels to complete my outfit.
"Is this too slutty an outfit to wear to dinner without the jacket?" I asked Bill.
"You should wear the jacket over that, at least until we get back to our hotel room later." He replied.
After a quick bite for lunch, I headed off to the hair salon to have my hair and nails done. Bill used that time to his own shopping. He wanted a new camera, one with an optical zoom lens, so as to take better pictures. The zoom lens would allow him to take close-up photos without having to get physically too close.
With all our shopping done, we checked into the hotel. Bill had reserved a large suite which was on the top floor and had fabulous views of the city. It also had a well stocked bar and mini fridge.
We had left enough time to shower and dress before dinner. However, Bill had another thought. Before the shower, he wanted to inspect my wax job to ensure that I was completely bare and smooth. And he intended to inspect my pussy with his tongue.
Bill gave me an incredible oral inspection which included two very good orgasms. "Priming the pump for the evening activities." he said. He also took several photos of my wet pussy with his new camera, just to check the focus of course.
We showered and dressed. I took a little longer applying my make-up. I did want to make a good impression for Frank. I did an overstated cat-eye effect on my eyes and used a shiny bright red lipstick on my lips. I knew I looked slutty and ready for sex.
"Wow, Babe. You look hot!" Bill said as I turned and posed for him. Bill was taking more photos of me in my sexy outfit. I must admit that I looked really hot.
"Good enough to fuck?" I asked jokingly.
"Fuck yeah! You can expect one good fucking and maybe two tonight." he replied.
"I'm counting on that." I said.
- - - - -
Just at seven o'clock we walked out of the hotel and the one block down the street to the restaurant. Frank had arrived just before we did. He was seated at the bar and rose to stand just as we walked up. He was taller than I expected, at least 6' 4" or more, with broad shoulders, a lean body, sandy blond hair and blue eyes.
"You must be Eve. I would recognize you anywhere from your photos." Frank said as he shook my hand while giving me a good look all up and down my body.
"You look at my face in my photos?" I asked in jest. I figured that the men online only looked at my tits and pussy.
We all had a good laugh to break what tension there may have been.
"This is my husband Bill." I introduced Bill and Frank. "He's my photographer, you know."
"Hi Frank. Pleased to meet you." Bill said as he shook Frank's hand.
Frank appeared a bit awkward meeting my husband. Fortunately the waitress appeared at that moment and lead us to our table, a round booth back in a corner where we would have some privacy to talk. I slid in first and moved to the center. I wanted a man of each side of me. Bill sat on my left, and Frank sat on my right. The waitress took our drink order and then left us.
Bill and I both looked at Frank, who was staring mostly at me, with occasional glances at Bill.
"I really love your photos." Frank started the conversation. "Your photo thread on the forum may be one of the hottest."
"I'm glad you like my photos. Bill and I enjoy taking interesting, sexy photos. I carefully select my lingerie and the poses. Bill does a great job with his camera to capture the best images." I replied.
"I can tell you worked real hard on the poses for that that last photo set." Frank said with a hint of sarcasm. "Your style and content changed somewhat."
I knew Frank was referring to the photos of Jack and I engaged in sex, something totally different on my photo thread.
"You liked those?" I replied with equal sarcasm. "The man in bed with me is one of Bill's clients who had seen my earlier photos, recognized me, and asked to watch one of my photo sessions."
Bill had been quiet, leaving the conversation to Frank and myself. Under the table I put my left hand in Bill's lap and held his cock through his pants. Bill placed a hand over my hand, as if to keep my hand in place. Inside, I smiled.
"He was definitely doing more than watching." Frank replied with a smirk.
"That was Bill's idea." I responded. "But I have to admit that I did enjoy doing that photo shoot."
There was a moment of silence. Frank looked at Bill and then back to me.
"You didn't invite me to meet you here just to discuss the photos on your forum thread, did you?" Frank ask, being more direct about why we were there.
Frank moved a bit closer to me and I felt his left hand on my partially exposed thigh at the hem of my short skirt. His hand was warm, and quite large. I expected that his cock was also warm and quite large. My pussy began to tingle.
"You're right." Chimed in Bill. "To be blunt, I want to share Eve with you. I want to watch you and Eve having sex, and I want to take photos."
Frank's eyes flashed wide open. He was obviously surprised by Bill's forward response.
We all sat frozen in silence for a moment. The waitress arrived with our drinks and we barely noticed her.
"I'll come back later to take your dinner orders." The waitress said as she backed away after placing our drinks on the table. She correctly assumed that we were not quite ready to order.
My left hand squeezed Bill's cock again through his pants. Then I felt Frank's hand slide under my skirt as he began to speak.
"I make it a rule to not mess around with married women. Just too much drama or guilt on their part. I enjoy the company of many single women." Frank said.
My heart dropped as it appeared that Frank would not join me in bed. I spread my legs open, as much as I could in the mini-skirt. I was glad that the skirt hitched up by itself and allowed some space between my legs for Frank's hand. I was staring into his eyes and he stared back into mine.
"There shouldn't be any drama or guilt on our part." I began my reply. "Bill and I love each other very much. He is a great lover and we have incredible sex together. We are also very open with each other. I only recently learned that he wants to share me. He has this fetish of wanting to watch me have sex with other men. He wants to be there and take photos."
I paused to let this sink in. I put my right hand on Frank's hand and gently guided it further up my skirt until his fingers were touching the damp heat of my crotch.
Then I continued in a soft sultry voice. "Won't you accept our invitation, indulge our desires, and fuck me while Bill takes his photos?"
"Well, this is all fucked up." Frank said.
We all laughed at the double entendre.
"We hope so." I quickly responded.
"I've heard about husbands that want to watch their wife having sex with other men, but I wasn't sure that was real. I never thought I would ever encounter such a couple." Frank said as he ran his right hand through his hair and began to finger my pussy with his left hand.
"A term that is sometimes used in this situation is 'cuckold husband'." I explained. "It usually implies a husband that cannot satisfy his wife. The wife becomes the dominate one and insists on having sex with other men. She usually makes her husband watch, as a form of punishment for his inability to please her sexually. And she seldom allows her husband to have any sex with her at all."
"But that is not our case at all." I continued. "We have a great sex life. Bill satisfies me sexually and other ways in our marriage. He just has this fetish, and we both enjoy fulfilling his fetish. I just need to find a sex partner that is as good as my husband. Might you be that man?"
I was still fondling Bill's cock, which was enlarging in my grip. Frank was freely playing with my pussy through the thin fabric of my thong. I felt this was a very good sign, and it also felt good.
Frank leaned back a bit. Then he looked at Bill's smiling face, and then back into my eyes. He picked up his drink.
"A drink to fulfilling all our fantasies." Frank offered a toast as Bill and I raised our drink glasses to join him.
"Hear. Hear." Bill replied.
"May all our sexual desires be filled." I said.
We drank and laughed. The ice had been broken, and the deal accepted.
We ordered and ate a wonderful meal. Frank asked many questions about how we met, our marriage, and our jobs. We told him that Bill was a tax specialist and that I was the bookkeeper, office administrator and the receptionist for a small agency. Frank told us that he had his own engineering firm and actually needed a tax accountant, and an administrative assistant. We left that hanging there. It would be too much to begin a sexual relationship, which may be just a one-night stand, and mix that with business.
Dinner was a bit surreal. We were conversing like old friends about normal, mundane topics while knowing that soon we would be having sex with someone we just met and hardly knew. Maybe the discussion was to give us a sense of knowing each other.
The discussion did eventually turn back to having sex and being photographed. Frank asked our intentions with the photographs, how much would we share, and how much might we post. Bill assured Frank that we would share all the photos with him. We would get Frank's approval for any photos we posted that included him. And Frank could also post pictures that he liked.
Frank also asked why tonight I was not with 'that other guy' in the earlier photos. He was speaking about Jack. I told Frank that Jack had sex with me while only thinking about his own needs. Once he had his orgasm, he was finished. I told him that that I was looking for a more sensitive sex partner. Frank assured me that he intended to fully satisfy my needs. My pussy felt like it was on fire. I was eager for Frank to fuck me, long and hard.
When dinner was ended, we walked together back to the hotel. My thong was dripping wet. I could feel the dampness on my thighs.
- - - - -
Just after entering our hotel room and closing the door, Bill made drinks for all of us from a bottle of whiskey we had brought. We toasted to new friends and lovers. Bill then picked up his camera and began taking photos.
"Let me have a photo of you two kissing." Bill directed Frank and me.
Frank hesitated and looked toward me for direction. I walked up to him and wrapped my arms about his neck.
"I can learn a lot about a lover by how he kisses. What type of lover are you?" I asked in a sultry voice.
Frank wrapped his arms around me, pulled me tight, and pressed his mouth against mine. He started soft, but soon went wild passionate with mouths open and tongues exploring. I moaned as I melted into him. Frank was a fabulous kisser and I knew immediately that he would be a great lover.
I backed away a bit from Frank and slid his jacket off his shoulders, off his arms, and tossed it on the side chair. Then I pushed him back upon the bed. He raised up upon his elbows to watch as I began dancing and removing my clothes for him. First my jacket hit the floor. Frank could see that my bustier had small front clasps. So he sat up on the edge of the bed, pulled me towards him and slowly unfastened each clasp. I let him have his way with me.
After the bustier hit the floor, he kissed both my breasts and sucked gently on both my nipples. I moaned again. Then he found the short zipper on the side on the mini-skirt, pulled it open and let the skirt fall around my feet.
"Leave your shoes on." He said as I stood there in just my shoes and my tiny lace thong that was soaking wet.
"Take the thong off." He commanded.
I turned my back to him and bent over, leg slightly spread. I pulled down the thin waist strap over the curves of my ass, just in front of his face. Slowly the strap between my ass cheeks pulled free. I turned back to face him just as I lowered the thong front to reveal my bare, smooth pussy. Leaning over, I pulled the thong down to my ankles and stepped out of it. I held up the tiny thong in front of his face.
"You can keep this as a souvenir, if you like." I said. All the while my husband Bill was about eight feet to my side, taking photos with his new camera. I noticed that he had stripped naked at some point and was sporting a hard cock.
"Your turn, mister." I said to Frank and I moved in close to him and unbuttoned his shirt. Next I removed his shoes and socks. And then I unfastened his belt, his slacks, and pulled down the zipper. I pulled off his pants with a little assistance from him. His boxer shorts had a large bulge which a gave a gentle squeeze.
"Is that for me?" I asked.
Frank grinned at me and pulled off his boxers. I watched in anticipation as his cock popped free of the restraining fabric.
Frank had a beautiful cock, well above average size. Even though it was not fully hard yet, it was at least eight inches long and thick enough that I could barely wrap my hand around it.
Frank was now laying back on the bed, with his upper body propped up on his elbows. I was on my knees, straddling his right leg, holding his cock in my hand, just inches from my face.
I leaned over and gave his cock a long slow lick up the length of his shaft.
"Should we use protection?" he asked.
I stopped and thought about what we were doing. Frank was an unknown. I knew he was right. We needed to use protection.
"Yes, we do." I replied as I noticed Bill looking into our overnight bag for the condoms we brought. At the same time Frank sat up, grabbed his pants and pulled out a string of condoms that he had brought.
"I've brought my own Bill. Thank you though." Frank said as he opened the package and rolled a large condom over his now hard cock.
I stared at his cock and remarked "That is about the size of Charlie."
Bill knew what I was talking about, but obviously Frank did not.
"Charlie?" Frank asked.
"Charlie is the name I gave to my largest dildo. Your cock is about the same size, however maybe even thicker." I replied.
I put a hand on Frank's chest and pushed him down, flat on his back as I rose up on my knees and straddled his body. I took hold of his cock and positioned the head at the entrance to my vagina.
"Let's see how this fits." I announced as I slowed lowered myself, allowing his cock to penetrate my lower lips. He stretched me almost to the point of pain, just as Charlie did. I felt confident that I could take Frank's cock, maybe all of his cock, inside me.
Out of the side of my vision, I could see Bill positioned directly behind me taking photos of Frank's cock entering my body. I was glad he had his new camera with a zoom lens which allowed him to get close-up photos, while keeping a bit of distance from Frank and me.
"That is snug." I said as I drew a deep breath. I had stopped with just the head of his cock inside me, allowing my body to adjust to the size. My pussy was wet, but I needed to produce more lubricant to fully take him.
Frank appeared to be aware of my situation. He reached up with both hands and pinched my nipples, sending a jolt of electricity directly from my nipples to my pussy. My pussy throbbed.
"Mmmmm." I moaned as Frank continued to play with my breasts and nipples. His actions had the intended effect as I could feel my pussy getting wetter. I pushed down, maybe another inch of his cock entered me. Then I pulled up a bit and pushed back down. I slowly continued this up and down motion, taking a bit more cock inside me with each downward push.
My pussy was becoming more relaxed and accommodating to his size. I increased the tempo of my movements, fucking the top half of his cock. I hadn't bottomed out yet, but this was becoming quite pleasurable.
"Can you take it all?" I heard my husband ask from behind me. I had almost forgotten he was there as I was focused on the wonderful cock inside my cunt.
"I'm getting there." I replied as I continued fucking Frank, or at least half of his cock.
Frank was being very casual about all this, allowing me to control our intercourse while he continued to play with my nipples.
"Not every woman can take all of me." Frank told me. "You can decide how much you can handle."
That sounded like a challenge to me. I pushed down more on my next downward thrust. I felt a twinge of pain as more of my vagina was stretched by his cock. But I still hadn't bottomed out. I wondered if I really could take all of him.
I began fucking Frank faster and harder. With each downward thrust more of his cock filled me. My sexual arousal rose. I felt my body flush. My breathing became faster. The pleasure and the pain from my pussy was increasing. I wanted more.
Frank and I stared intently into each other's eyes. In our non-verbal communications he was urging me on, and I was telling him how much I wanted to fuck him more.
We went on for what appeared to be minutes. I was fucking him with gusto, but still not fully taking him. I could feel that certain tingle in my body. I knew my orgasm was coming.
"Oh fuck. Oh fuck." I said.
My body was becoming weak. My arms and legs began to tremble. And then my orgasm exploded from inside pussy and rushed through all my body. I slammed myself down all the way upon Frank's cock which created a twinge of pain as his cock head slammed against my cervix.
"OH FUCK!" I screamed as I froze in place. I had him balls-deep inside me, stretching me like I had never experienced before. The pain quickly turned to pleasure. I was gasping for air as my body continued to tremble. I flopped down upon Frank's body and he held me in his arms. My orgasm continued in waves.
As my orgasm subsided and my breathing returned to normal, Frank kissed me, first gently and then with some passion as his tongue explored my mouth.
Breaking the kiss, he said, "My turn."
Wrapping his arms around me tightly, Frank rolled us over so that he was on top. His hard cock was still buried in my pussy. Holding my ass in his hands, he rose up upon his knees, lifting my bottom off the bed. He then took each of my legs in his hands and extended them up and then back over my head, spreading my legs wide. My pussy was now open upward and he began slowly pumping his cock in and out of me.
"Oh my God!" I exclaimed at the pleasure of it all.
He kissed me passionately while never missing a stroke with his cock. I was aware that he was, at first, only using about half his cock inside me. My pussy was burning in pleasure. I could feel my own fluids flowing very liberally. We were making quite a mess.
"Fuck me Frank. Fuck me hard." I urged him.
Frank did as I asked and shoved his hard cock faster and deeper into my accepting cunt.
Again we went on, as if for minutes. Frank was thrusting his cock fully into me. My pussy felt like it was on fire. My hips ached from being held in position. Frank was in total control of my body. I could just accept what he did. Both our bodies were both covered in a sheen of sweat. Frank was groaning. I was gasping for air. I suspected that his orgasm was coming. I could feel my own body tingle in that telltale sign that my next orgasm was approaching.
Suddenly Frank began slamming even harder into me. It was a sprint to his finish. My own body was on sensory overload. So many feelings of pleasure and pain. I couldn't even think straight. I heard Frank groan loudly as I felt his cock swell inside me and begin pulsing.
My own orgasm exploded inside my body.
And my world went blank.
- - - - -
"Is she okay?" I heard my husband ask as I vaguely became aware that I was still alive.
"She passed out for a moment from her orgasm." Frank replied.
"I've never seen her do that before." Bill stated.
"I've caused this with others a time or two." Frank said.
I was laying flat on the bed. Frank had disengaged from me, his cock removed from my pussy, and my legs now laying on the bed, released from his grasp. My body felt like Jello. I had no strength and couldn't move, other than to breathe deeply for more air.
Frank had moved aside. Bill was now on the bed between my legs, taking photos of my crotch.
"I've never seen your pussy gape like that." Bill said to me.
I was slowly regaining my composure. My strength was returning and I was feeling more normal, other than my pussy which continued to ache. I could see that Frank's cock was now softening. I turned to Bill and could see that his cock was still erect and very hard.
"Sorry for wrecking your wife's pussy." Frank said to Bill. "I don't think you should have sex with her for a day or two. She'll recover then."
I suddenly felt an overwhelming need to satisfy my husband's sexual needs. He had allowed me to have sex with Frank, and I couldn't let that wreck Bill's and mine sex life.
I sat up and pushed Bill back onto his back. I took hold of his stiff cock and began to lick and suck the head.
Looking up at my husband I said. "Give Frank the camera and let him take photos of this."
Bill and Frank complied and now Frank was the photographer.
I shifted my position so that my head was more directly over Bill's cock. I was intent on giving him the best blow job. I sucked his cock into my mouth and began bobbing up and down on it.
Bill was moaning in pleasure. Frank was taking photos of Bill's cock about half way into my mouth. When I was aware that Frank had a good angle to capture what I was doing, I relaxed the muscles in my throat, as I had trained myself to do, I took a deep breath of air, and then I plunged all the way down on Bill's cock, shoving the head down my throat.
Bill groaned in pleasure.
"Oh my!" exclaimed Frank as he continued to take photos.
I bobbed up and down a few moments, and then pulled off. I took another deep breath and shoved Bill's cock back down my throat. I was so pleased with myself for having learned how to deep-throat a cock and block my gag reflexes. I was going to mouth fuck my husband's cock until he had a massive orgasm.
I continued shoving Bill's cock down my throat while I was gently fondling his balls. Soon he was groaning loudly in pleasure and rocking his hips upward into my face. I could feel Bill's balls tighten up and knew he was about to cum. I pulled back a bit so his cockhead was in my mouth.
"FUCK!" Bill exclaimed as he began to cum, spurting load after load of his hot sticky cum into my mouth. When I knew he had emptied his balls into my mouth, I pulled off his cock, turned towards Frank and the camera, and opened my mouth to display all the cum on my tongue. Frank quickly took several photos, probably knowing that some of these would be posted on the picture forum web site.
I closed my mouth and swallowed all the cum. Then I gazed at my husband and smiled with pride. He had a huge grin on his face.
"That's amazing!" said Frank. "The downside of having cock the size of mine, is that I doubt I will ever experience that."
"You never know." I said to tease him. I doubted that I could ever deep-throat that monster of his, but maybe some woman may be able to do so. I wanted to allow him to fill my mouth with his cum. Maybe another time, after he had been tested for STDs.
- - - - -
We rested for many minutes. Bill got water bottles out of the mini-fridge for the three of us. We talked about our experience.
"That was amazing." Frank said. "I must admit that I was a bit unsure of doing a married woman, especially in front of her husband. But the two of you are an incredible couple. Thank you for asking me to join you."
"Thank you Frank." I replied. "That was an amazing fuck."
"We'll share all the photos with you." Bill added. "and then decide which ones to post. I bet we have some great photos."
Frank nodded his head in agreement about the photos. Then he added,
"Do you think we might do this again?"
I looked at Bill. We both smiled and nodded our heads.
"Yeah Frank. I think we would like to do this again." I answered for Bill and myself.
- - - - -
Soon thereafter Frank got dressed and left. We all agreed that we wanted to get together again, maybe in a few weeks.
Left alone, Bill and I discussed the events of the evening. I was honest with him about how incredible the sex with Frank had been, but not something I could do often. I could accept the pain with the pleasure only an occasional basis. I thanked Bill profusely for sharing me with Frank and allowing me to have this experience.
Likewise Bill thanked me for doing this for him. I thought that was an odd point of view, but I accepted his thanks. And he thanked me for the fantastic blow job, the best he had ever had. We talked more about the activities of the evening, re-living some of the most erotic details. We snuggle together and fell asleep soundly.
- - - - -
The next morning we left the city early and drove home. Bill was eager to review all the photos on his computer, and then consider which photos we wanted to post on the online forum. Just reviewing the photos, re-living the experiences, was an incredible rush and make us both so horny. By late afternoon we were in our bed and fucking like crazy. My pussy still hurt, but I loved it all the more.
We sent all the photos to Frank and he sent great praise to Bill for his photographic skills. Frank gave us approval to post any photos we wanted, just as long as we blurred his face.
When we began posting the photos that week on my photo thread, my fans went crazy with their responses. We shouldn't have been surprised. There were some great, really erotic photos, especially those of Frank's large cock fully buried in my pussy, and some photos of me deep-throating all of Bill's cock. The photos of my mouth full of cum were a special favorite for many fans.
I could hardly wait until the next time that Bill would share me.
= = = = = = = = = =
Frank - Epilogue
Frank has a cock that gives me pleasure and pain. That is a combination of sensations that I craved to have, but only occasionally. Bill also loves to see my pussy stretched by the size of Frank's cock.
We developed a close relationship with Frank and he comes out to our home every few weeks. As we all were being tested regularly for STDs, Frank became the first of my lovers that I enjoy bareback, without any protection other than the birth-control pills I take. Feeling his hot cum fill me inside is an added treat.
But most of all I love having my pussy wrecked by his large cock. The orgasms are often mind-blowing, and the pain actually enhances the experience. Bill absolutely loves watching Frank fuck me, and taking photos.
Being a shared wife, or whatever we have, is an incredible sexual rush for both Bill and myself.