Julianna was pretty sure she'd never been as conscious of her breasts as she was right now. She was overwhelmingly aware of the warmth of the sun on her breasts, the occasional coolness of the breeze blowing across her soft mounds, the rhythmic rise and fall of them as she breathed. But most of all, she was intensely aware of the fabric of her bikini top; how it pressed against her tits and gently cupped them.
I should stop being such a damn coward and just take my top off, she thought. Part of her wanted to do just that, but a part of her resisted. Taking her top off and exposing her breasts outdoors on a beach full of other vacationers, went against everything about the way she'd been raised to behave and against every expectation for how a married mother of two should behave. But it also strongly titillated her inner desires. And this conflict of emotions was, of course, why she was currently so overwhelmingly conscious of her breasts.
Her eyes, hidden behind her sunglasses, scanned up and down the warm golden sand of the beach. It was a beautiful, tropical day. A small number of people walked up and down the beach or played in the surf, but most of her fellow tourists were, like her, lying prone under a palapa on one of the many comfortable beach chairs arranged in rows up and down the sand. Occasionally, one of the hotels wait staff would pass through delivering drinks or collecting drink orders.
But for the most part everyone on the beach was lost in their own indulgent relaxation and not paying the slightest attention to Julianna, or her breasts. She knew that intellectually. She knew that most of her fellow vacationers wouldn't even notice, much less care, whether she took her top off or not. After all, she'd already seen several women lying topless or walking about the beach topless.
She also knew how much the idea of exposing herself out in the open excited her. She could feel her nipples hardening just thinking about it. Just thinking about the idea of exposing her voluptuous breasts to the sun, the open air, the eyes of the hotel staff and her fellow tourists.... It was driving her mad with excitement. The idea that someone might not just see her tits but might think lustful thoughts about them, might grow hard and turgid looking at them or thinking about them... that idea was almost too erotic for Julianna to bear.
Not that no one had ever lusted after her breasts. Her husband certainly displayed ample enthusiasm for them. If he was here she would have rushed him up to the hotel room to have him help her relieve her current arousal. But he wasn't here. He was back at home in the states with the children while she was here on a "girls weekend" with one of her best friends. The two of them had made a habit of taking a yearly getaway and this year they'd picked here: a nice all-inclusive beach resort in Mexico.
Julianna wasn't sure where her friend Sally had wandered off to; possibly the pool or back to the room to finish sleeping off the drinking and partying they'd done last night. It was just as well. Julianna was pretty sure Sally wouldn't approve of her going topless and her presence would almost guarantee that Julianna would chicken out. Julianna's husband on the other hand would almost certainly approve. He was well aware of Julianna's exhibitionist fantasies and even encouraged them. She was pretty sure he shared them in a sort of voyeur/exhibitionist-by-proxy sort of way. He'd even joked with her and teased her a bit about going topless on this vacation if she got the opportunity. And now really was the best opportunity she was likely to get. She was far from anyone she knew, surrounded by tourists and hotel staff who would be unlikely to bat an eye at another pair of boobs on the beach. And Sally was nowhere to be seen.
Yep, it's really now or never. Julianna quickly gulped down the rest of her margarita, then flagged down one of the hotel waiters and ordered another. A little liquid courage should help, she thought. She took another quick glance up and down the beach just to verify that nothing had changed, then slowly reached behind herself to unhook the clasp on her bikini top. She was surprised to find her hands were shaking slightly and her heartbeat was pounding in her ears. I'm really going to do this, she thought incredulously. I'm going to take my top off in public!
She let the bikini top sit loosely on top of her breasts while she looked around the beach one more time, then she slipped the straps down her arms and set her top on the sand beside her beach chair. She could feel that her nipples were hard and erect. It's the breeze, she tried to tell herself, but she knew it wasn't true. Not only was there little discernible breeze at the moment, but the breeze wouldn't account for the heat kindling between her legs or the butterflies in her stomach.
Julianna leaned back in her beach chair and tried to look calm and nonchalant. She thought of her husband and wondered what he would say if he could see her now. He'd probably be overcome with arousal, she thought. Or he'd beg her to let him take her picture to commemorate the event. She smiled to herself and thought about how her husband would so frequently try to convince her to let him take nude or scantily clad pictures of her. She seldom agreed to do it, but she was secretly flattered and turned on by his persistent interest.
It'd really blow his mind if I send him a selfie right now! she thought. The thought was more arousing to her than she expected and before she knew it she'd reached into her beach bag and pulled out her cellphone. If I'm going to be crazy, I might as well be really crazy, she thought. She pulled up the camera app on her phone, set it to front camera mode, and held it out in front of her at arms length. Her hands were still trembling slightly with nerves as she tilted her phone first one way, then another to try to get a good angle, but between her sunglasses and the bright glare of the sun she was barely able to see herself in the screen much less compose a flattering picture. She fumbled to lower her sunglasses but in her nervousness only succeeded in dropping both the sunglasses and her phone onto the sand.
Exacerbated with herself she leaned over to retrieve them and had just put her sunglasses back in place when she heard a low voice say "You wouldn't happen to need help with that would you?". She looked up into the amused and smiling face of one of the most handsome men she'd ever met. She tried to come up with a witty response but found her mouth and voice seemed frozen. Her eyes however traveled, as if of their own accord, slowly down from the young man's face to his lean athletic chest, his firm muscular abs, and would have probably have kept going if she hadn't finally regain a little self control and hastily snapped her eyes back to his face before realizing it didn't really matter anyway because her eyes were hidden by her sunglasses.
She felt her face growing hot with embarrassment as she tried to stammer out a reply. The embarrassment seemed contagious. The young man's face grew red and she could see he was trying hard to look anywhere but at her naked breasts as he stammered out: "your phone... I meant.. I mean.. it looked like you could use help. I'm Derrick by the way".
She was amused at his embarrassment, but she also found his attention rather arousing. It was one thing to be anonymously topless, just one person out of many on the beach with no one knowing her or noticing her. It was another thing entirely to have an attractive man standing not three feet from her uncovered bosom. She found the experience highly erotic. Her inner good girl was telling her it was time to walk away, put her top on, or for gods sake at least mention the fact that she's a married woman and unavailable. Her inner bad girl on the other hand, well... she didn't even want to admit to herself what her inner bad girl was telling her to do.
She ended up rather clumsily compromising between the two. She held her phone out to the young man. "I was trying to take a picture. Of myself. You know, like a selfie. It's to send to my husband". Derrick accepted her phone and stepped in front of her beach chair, preparing to take the picture. "Your husband? So he's not here?"
"No, I'm here with a friend." For some reason, she felt compelled to explain things further. "I've never gone topless before you see. I wanted to be able to share the moment with my husband, so I thought I'd text him a picture."
"You husband's a lucky man." Derrick said as he held up the camera phone.
Julianna realized as she watched him aiming the phone at her that she'd basically just given a handsome young man permission to stare at her uncovered breasts. The thought pushed her arousal level even higher. Time seemed to pass slowly and she couldn't be sure how long she laid there waiting for Derrick to take her picture, but it certainly seemed like he was taking his time and drinking in the sight of her through the screen of her phone.
Finally, Derrick passed her phone back to her. "I took a couple of shot, just in case one ends up blurry or something" He said. "Do you want any from a different angle or a different pose?"
Julianna could feel her cheeks growing red. Yeah, I'm sure I can figure out why you want to take more pictures. "No thanks" she said.
"Well, if you change your mind, I'm in room 207". Derrick said with a slight smile. As Derrick walked away, Julianna watched him surreptitiously from behind her sunglass. She couldn't help but admire how nice Derrick's lean but muscular frame looked as he walked away from her. I may be married, she thought, but I'd have to be dead not to appreciate that!
After Derrik left, Julianna was unable to get comfortable and relax on her beach chair again. She was just too damn horny! She decided to head back to her hotel room instead. Maybe Sally won't be there, she thought, then I can spend some quality alone time "relieving the pressure" so to speak.
Unfortunately, Sally was in the hotel room when Julianna got back, so there was no opportunity for relief. The two women chatted about their respective days, then made plans for dinner at one of the resorts many restaurants. Dinner and after dinner drinks at one of the resort bars passed uneventfully and Julianna almost forgot about the events at the beach.
She had almost forgotten that is until after they went back to their hotel room that night. The combination of the hot day in the sun and the not insignificant amount of drinks they'd consumed at the bar were apparently too much for Sally and she fell asleep quickly after they settled into their room. It was still relatively early in the evening though and Julianna wasn't really ready for sleep yet. She thought about turning on the television, but she didn't want to wake Sally.
So instead she started playing with her phone, which is how she ended up looking at the pictures of herself topless at the beach earlier today. She had to admit that they were nice pictures. Derrick seemed to have an eye for lighting and angles. I actually look pretty hot in these pictures, she thought. She thought about how turned on her husband would be if she decided to show the pictures to him. He won't be able to keep his hands to himself, she thought, although he'll probably complain there's only a few.
She thought about Derricks offer to take more pictures of her. She had to admit she was intrigued. In fact, she was getting very turned on just thinking about it. What is wrong with me? she thought, I'm a happily married woman! I can't be thinking of running off to the hotel room of a man I just met and asking him to take naughty pictures of me! But that was exactly what she couldn't stop thinking about. She thought about how hot it made her feel when Derrick was looking at her from behind her phone. She thought about how sexy and naughty it made her feel to pose topless and let him take pictures of her naked breasts.
She thought about how horny her husband would be when she showed him the pictures! How hard his cock would be, and how much she loved to suck on his hard cock. Sucking cock was something Julianna had always really enjoyed. She loved the feel of the hard cock in her lips, the taste of it on her wet tongue, the sexy noises that were drawn out of her husband as she slid his cock deep into her mouth. The more she thought about it the more horny she became and against her better judgment she got up and started sifting through the clothes she had packed.
Hmm.. She thought. What do I have the would look sexy in some racy pictures? She hadn't really packed for this kind of thing, but she rifled through her clothes some more, quietly to avoid waking Sally, and finally settled on an outfit. The blouse she put on was actually quite modest when she normally wore it, but the buttons that ran all the way up the front offered a lot of opportunity for various levels of suggestive or explicit posing. To go with it she picked a loose, pleated skirt that came to just above her knee. Again, not the most risque item, but it had some potential for flirty flashing poses. Underneath she had a pair of lacy black panties and a lacy black bra.
Her outfit complete, Julianna slipped quietly out of the hotel room and went looking for room 207. When she got there, she hesitate. The butterflies in her stomach were so strong she almost felt like fainting. What am I doing here? She thought. This is crazy. I'm a married woman. I can't go through with this! But the arousal pumping through her pushed her forward. She knew this wasn't something a married woman should do, but she also knew the idea excited her like she'd never been excited before. Besides, she told herself, nothing like this had ever happened to her before and would probably never happen again. She didn't want to regret not fully experiencing this. And, she reminded herself, as long as she didn't go too far she was sure her husband would not only be fine with it, it'd probably make him wildly horny.
Her hand was shaking wildly as she knocked on Derrick's hotel room door. She stood trembling, waiting for some response. She had almost decided to turn and run away down the hall when she heard the sounds of someone unlocking the door and then the door swung open and Derrick looked out at her. When she saw him, she felt like pinching herself to make sure she wasn't just having an erotic dream. His hair was soaking wet and plastered to his head. He was clad only in a white hotel towel which did little to cover his lean muscular body. His skin still glistened with moisture. Clearly she'd caught him just finishing a shower.
"Julianna", he said somewhat uncertainly. "umm.. Hi". He looked down in embarrassment at his towel clad body. "Sorry, I was just hopping out of the shower". He said. "Hang on just a sec." He closed the door, leaving Julianna standing nervously and awkwardly in the hallway. The door re-opened a second later with Derrick only barely more covered wearing only a pair of loose sweat pants. He was toweling his hair dry as he opened the door wide. "Come on in", he said, "What can I do for you?". Julianna could feel herself blushing, but was amazed at her own outward calm as she walked past Derrick into the hotel room. "Well", she said, "You mentioned you might be willing to help me out with some more pictures?" She smiled shyly at him and watched with amusement as he struggled to control the surprised grin that was try to spread goofily across his face.
"Sure, I'd be happy to help you out" he said enthusiastically. "I've got a great DSLR that takes fantastic.. "
"Actually", she interrupted, "I'd prefer if we stuck with taking pictures with my cellphone." She held it up in front of her, the camera app already running. "It's nothing personal, I'd just feel more comfortable if I could be sure no copies were accidentally left on any devices other than my own".
"That seems like a sensible precaution" he said. She passed him the phone and he looked it over, seemingly satisfied that the on-screen controls were simple and familiar enough. "So, what kind of pictures would you like? Where would you like to start?".
"I was hoping for something kind of.. you know sexy", she could feel her earlier nervousness returning. "For my husband" she blurted out "to surprise him". She could feel the heat spreading across her cheeks, but despite her embarrassment she forced herself to keep her eyes on Derrick as she continued. "I was kind of hoping you'd have some ideas on, you know, posing and stuff. I've never really done anything like this before".
"O.K. " Derrick said as he held up the cellphone "I'm sure we can figure out something together. Why don't we start with some tame, basic pictures for us both to get warmed up and more comfortable." Derrick looked around the room and Jullianna followed his gaze, getting her first really good look around room 207.
It was a pretty standard hotel room, much like the one she shared with Sally. There was a short hallway she had already passed through with one door off of it, presumably leading to the bathroom. Along the wall leading from the door into the room was a low cabinet with drawers that supported the obligatory TV, followed by a writing desk with a rolling office style chair. There was a large mirror on the wall above the desk. Opposite the TV was a large king size bed, the sheets still neatly turned down from room service. On either side of the bed were small end tables with lamps that, along with a floor lamp, provided the primary illumination in the room. Between one end table and the window was an upholstered armchair. The window itself was a floor to ceiling set of sliding glass doors leading out to a small balcony. A small metal table and two chairs sat on the balcony. The curtains were pulled back and through the sliding glass doors Julianna could see the clear starry night sky above the ocean and the wide beach.
Derrick gestured toward the small, dark writing desk. "Why don't we start over here." He pulled the office chair away from the desk. "Let's try a couple with you sitting here on the desk." Julianna sat up on the edge of the desk with her legs tilted to the side a bit away from the camera to best show off her long legs. She leaned back a little to rest her hands on the desk behind her, which she knew would push her voluptuous breasts forward so that her shirt was pulled tightly across them. She gave her best attempt at a seductive look. The result seem to meet with Derrick's approval and he snapped a quick picture of her.
Next Derrick had her lean forward so that she was grabbing the edge of her desk on either side of her legs. Derrick snapped another picture. Before he could suggest another pose, Julianna mischievously decided to give him a little surprise. She reached up and unfashioned the top two buttons of her shirt. She felt butterflies in her stomach at her own boldness. In this position she was sure the camera, and Derrick, had a great view of her cleavage and at least part of her lacy bra.
"That is incredibly sexy" Derrick said as he snapped another picture. He had her lean backward again like the first picture he had taken, this time though she knew that she was displaying a lot more cleavage than the first time. Next he had her move to the armchair and lay sideways across it. Her legs were up over one arm of the armchair which caused her skirt to slide high up thighs, exposing most of her long slender legs. She brought her arms together near her stomach. This pinned her breasts between her upper arms and she squeezed her arms together to deepen her cleavage and push up her breasts.
While Derrick lined up the picture she quickly looked down at her cleavage to see how it looked. My god my tits look huge like this! She thought. Her husband would probably go wild for this pose. She knew how much he loved her tits, and he particularly loved when she would wear a pushup bra or bustier. Derrick snapped a couple of pictures, then had her lean back over the arm of the chair and throw her head back.
As she leaned back and pushed her chest forward, she could feel her the two halves of her partially unbuttoned shirt sliding apart, leaving her bra clad breasts almost completely exposed to Derrick and the camera phone. She loved how exposed she felt, how sexy she knew she must look with only her lacy black bra covering her thrust out tits. She decided to ramp things up even further, and raised one hand to her own exposed neckline, then let her hand slowly caress it's way down into her exposed cleavage, down to the partially buttoned shirt still covering her stomach, then up the surface of her skirt until she reached her exposed thighs.
She hesitated then for a moment as she looked over at Derrick. He was still lining up and snapping the occasional photo, but his eyes were glued to her hand on her thigh. She decided to grant him what she suspected he was hoping for and let her hand continue down her thigh, pushing her skirt with it until her hand touched the surface of her lacy black panties. She paused again, then slowly slid her hand further down to the waistband of her panties. Again she paused, waiting and watching the lust and hunger written on Derrick's face. She knew he was hoping she'd either take her panties off or slide her hand inside them to masturbate. But she wasn't willing to go that far, not yet at least. So instead she just teased him by rubbing her hand back and forth and playing lightly with the waistband of her panties.
"These pictures are going to be smoking hot" Derrick told her. "You really are a natural". He sat back a bit and looked around the room, planning the next set of poses. "Would you be interested in taking a few on the balcony?" He said "It'd be a shame not to get a few with the ocean and the beach in the background". Instead of answering verbally, Julianna stood up from the chair and walked over to the sliding glass doors. She opened the door and stepped out into the warm dark night. She put her hands on the railing and looked out at the ocean and the star lit night sky. A light breeze tousled her hair slightly, and she could hear Derrick already snapping a few pictures of her from behind. She leaned forward against the railing, thrusting her bottom out toward him. As she did so, she looked back at him over her shoulder with her best smoldering look as Derrick snapped more pictures.
She turned around then to face Derrick. She leaned backward against the railing as casually as she could, then reached up with one hand and slowly unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her shirt. She let her shirt fall open leaving her stomach uncovered and only her lacy bra covering her breasts. As she did, she looked at the balcony doors of the rows of other rooms on either side of room 207. The other balconies were empty and the nearest rooms had their curtains closed, but she knew that at any moment someone could look out their curtains and see her.
Surprisingly the thought didn't scare her. On the contrary, she found the idea made her more aroused. Instead of covering up to avoid potential exposure, she pushed her unbuttoned shirt off her shoulders. It slid down her arms and landed on the floor of the balcony. She turned away from Derrick and out toward the dark ocean waters. Next she hooked her fingers into the sides of her skirt and pulled it slowly down her hips until it too fell to the floor.
Now she was standing on the balcony in only her bra and her panties. She could feel her heart beating strongly in her chest with nervousness and excitement. She didn't dare turn around for fear she would lose the nerve to do what she wanted so strongly to do next. What she'd been wanting to do since that moment of excitement on the beach earlier today. With shaking hands, she reached up behind herself and unhooked her bra. Still facing away from Derrick and the camera, she slowly slid the straps down off her shoulders until the bra followed her shirt and skirt to the floor.
Damn! She thought. I really need to get myself under control. I've been here less than 10 minutes and I'm almost naked already! Julianna knew things were going quicker and farther than she'd intended, but it felt so good! Here, standing in the night air in only her skimpy panties on the balcony of the hotel room of a man she barely knew she felt sexier and more desirable than she ever had in her whole life. And the feeling was intoxicating. She looked sultrily over her shoulder at Derrick. He was still taking pictures of her from behind, getting different angles and simultaneously taking the opportunity to drink in her near nakedness. As she looked at him, she noticed the obvious and significant bulge in his sweat pants.
She felt her knees tremble and she almost stumbled. She couldn't believe how arousing it was to know that this young, handsome man was aroused and erect from looking at her! After years of being a devoted and loyal wife and mother she'd almost forgotten what it was like to be lusted after by a strange man she barely knew. It was fantastic!
She crossed her arms over her breasts, hiding them from view before turning around to face Derrick. As he snapped pictures, she slowly slid her arms across her chest, keeping her breasts hidden until her hands were cupping her soft mounds. Keeping eye contact with Derrick she started to softly cup and squeeze her breasts. He moaned slightly, almost involuntarily while he continued taking pictures. She slowly remove her hands, baring her naked breasts for Derrick and the camera.
"Oh my god I'd forgotten how incredible your tits are" he muttered as he took a couple more pictures. He lowered the camera and looked around the room again. "How about over there, against the wall?" He pointed to a spot on the wall opposite the end of the bed. At Derricks' instruction, she leaned up against the wall and stretched her arms over her head. Derrick stood beside the bed and took a couple of pictures, then he laid down on the bed.
"Now crawl up onto the bed on all fours" he instructed her. She started crawling seductively up from the foot of the bed, straddling Derrick's leg. Her breasts hung down pendulously as Derrick took more pictures of her slowly crawling up his body. As she crawled upward, she couldn't help but notice the outline of Derrick's rigid cock inside his sweats. The sight drove her to even higher levels of arousal, and she continued climbing up Derrick's body until her tits were nearly pushed into the camera phone and her knees were straddling either side of his hips. She stopped there, but Derrick didn't respond. It was almost like he was entranced by the view through the screen of her smartphone.
Julianna sat up straight above Derrick. She suspected that in the pictures he was taking now, it would probably look suspiciously like she was riding Derrick's cock cowgirl style. She didn't care though. She felt wild, alive, and desirable. Playing to the suggestive look of her current position astride Derrick's hips, she threw her head back and ran her hands through her hair. Then she looked down directly at the camera and bit her lower lip shyly and suggestively while caressing her soft breasts. Without realizing it, she had started a gentle rocking motion of her hips, much like if she really were riding on the hard cock below her. The touch of Derrick's hand on her bare legs snapped her back to her senses and she rolled off of him and stood next to the bed again.
"Umm.. so where do you want me to pose next?" she said nervously. Derrick sat up from the bed, then directed her to lay down on it. "The way you were rubbing your tits", he said, "can you do that again, but laying down on the bed?" Julianna laid down on the bed as Derrick had requested. She slowly and seductively rubbed her voluptuous breasts while watching Derrick take more pictures. She tried to focus her gaze on the camera phone, or the wall behind Derrick, but her eyes kept straying back to his bare chest and the bulge pushing against his sweatpants. One of her hands strayed from iitstask of rubbing her soft pillowy breast and slide slowly and seductively down her chest, over her stomach, and down to the top of her panties.
This time she didn't play with the waistband of her panties, she thrust her hand forcefully into them until her questing fingers passed through her neatly trimmed thatch of dark pubic hair and reached the hot, soaking wet folds of her pussy. She ran her fingers through the abundant moisture between her pussy lips, then brought them up to her aching clit. The touch of her own finger on her clit was like a jolt of electricity coursing through her body. She threw back her head, her mouth gaping open.
A low guttural moan emanated from deep within her as all the pent up arousal off this day began to flow through her. Her vision clouded and her perception of reality seem to narrow until only her clit and her wildly stroking fingers seemed real. She could feel her hips thrusting wildly against her own hand, her other hand clutching one of her breasts tightly. Dimly she was aware of Derrick still watching her, still taking picture of her wild abandon. The knowledge of Derrick watching her made her even more aroused. She flipped over on her stomach, her hand still thrust within her panties, her fingers still furiously stroking her clit. Her hips were still thrusting and grinding rhythmically. She arched her back and thrust her panty clad buttocks upward, slowly raising her ass up in the air until she was up on her knees. Her head and her shoulders were pressed down against the bed. She wasn't sure she had the strength in her arm right now to raise herself off the bed. Besides, she was going to need her free hand for what she planned to do next.
Julianna turned her head and looked past her shoulder to smile seductively at Derrick. As she did so, she reached back with her free hand to grab hold of her panties. She pulled them down, first exposing the soft curves of her buttocks, then revealing her dripping wet pussy and her hand still masturbating her clit. She lowered the panties to her knees, then stepped forward with one leg to pull them off, leaving them still dangling around her other leg. She brought her arm back up to support her shoulder. She began to increase the already writhing motion of her hips until she was rocking her entire body forward and backward. While she did so, she slid her soaking wet fingers from her clit down to her pussy and thrust two fingers inside of herself. She thrust them in and out of her pussy with the rhythm of her rocking hips as though her fingers were a hard cock, fucking her roughly from behind. She closed her eyes for a moment, lost in the sensations she was giving herself, lost in how erotic and freeing it felt to let her inner slut loose in a way she never had before.
She looked back at Derrick again and noticed that he wasn't taking pictures any longer. He had pulled his cock out of his sweatpants and was vigorously stroking it. Julianna couldn't help staring at his hand stroking up and down his thick, lovely cock. She loved watching a man stroke his hard cock, and watching this handsome young stranger stroke his while watching her was even hotter. Unbidden, her mind began comparing the sensations of her fingers thrusting in and out of her pussy with the imagined sensations of Derrick's hard cock thrusting in and out of her. She tried to force her mind elsewhere, but ended up imagining the feel his cock in her own hand instead of his. The anticipation of bringing it toward her eager mouth. The feeling of it sliding between her lips. The feel and taste of it on her tongue.. Ohh! I've got to stop! She told herself.
She rolled over onto her back, nearly rolling off the side of the bed as she did so. She ended up on the very edge of the bed. One leg was hanging off the side of the bed. The spread wide pose made it easier for her to return her fingers to her throbbing clit. She rubbed her clit with one hand, her other grasping and pulling at the sheets in the middle of the bed. She watched as Derrick walked around the bed to stand almost directly over her. He continued stroking his cock as he looked down at her, the look on his face and the intensity of his stroking telling her that his orgasm must be close.
Her own orgasm was nearing as well. She could feel it rising in her body. She closed her eyes briefly, but opened them again quickly when she felt an unfamiliar touch on her midsection. Derrick had reached down with one hand and was gently rubbing her stomach, his other hand still vigorously stroking his long hard cock. She knew she should stop him. Either of them touching each other was crossing a line she desperately didn't want to cross. But she was helpless before the strength of her oncoming orgasm. She tried to form words, but only an animal like guttural groan came forth. One hand was tightly gripping and twisting the bed sheet, the other was stroking her clit. Neither hand would come to her rescue as Derrick continued to rub her stomach and slowly worked his way up the front of her body.
When his hand finally reached her breasts he began rubbing and caressing the one further from him while pinching and pulling her nipple between his fingers. Julianna heard Derrick groan and looked up to see him reach his own orgasm. His face was twisted in ecstasy, his hand rapidly stroking his rigid cock. Julianna watched as Derrick's cum shot forth from his cock, and she could feel iitswarmth splattering across one of her breasts. That was enough to push Julianna over the edge to her own orgasm. Her hips bucked wildly beneath her stroking hand. Her body convulsed out of control. Time seemed to slow and the world dimmed and went gray except for the electric heat flooding out from her clit.
Dimly she was aware of Derrick continuing to orgasm above her. The next shot from his cock shot further than the first and she could feel it splattering in a diagonal across her cheek, the corner of her lips, and her chin. As Derrick continued to stroke himself to the ending of his orgasm, she felt more cum shoot and dribble onto her tits but the sensation seemed far away as her mind and body were consumed by the aftershock of her intense orgasm.. She closed her eyes and could not have said how long they were closed. When she opened them again Derrick was standing over her with a washcloth.
"I'm sorry things got a little out of hand there at the end.", he said sheepishly, "I guess I just kind of lost control". He held the washcloth out to her, then suddenly pulled it back a little. "Would you mind if I take a couple more pictures of you the way you are now?" He asked, "I'm not sure you'll want to show them to your husband, but I think you should see how amazing and sexy you look right now. "
Julianna thought about it for a moment. Derrick was right that this was not the kind of picture she'd planned to send to her husband, but she was curious to see if she looked as sexy and slutty as she felt right now. Would she look like one of the girls from the internet porn videos her and her husband would sometimes watch together?
She smiled up at Derrick and nodded her assent, then lay the rest of the way back on the bed again. She watched as Derrick took several pictures. Some zoomed out on all of her, some focused on just her cum covered tits. When he started to take a few pictures of the cum streak on her face, a naughty thought crossed her mind. Keeping eye contact with the camera phone and Derrick, she slid the tip of her tongue out of her mouth and slowly, sexily licked Derrick's jism from the corner of his mouth. She heard him moan slightly and her eyes flicked down to his still naked penis just in time to see it begin to stiffen again. You're playing with fire Julianna, she told herself, better quit now before things really get out of control.
She let Derrick take a couple more pictures, then accepted the washcloth from him and cleaned herself up. She retrieved her strewn about clothes and dressed herself, conscious of Derrick's still hungry gaze upon her.
"So, um", Derrick said nervously, "I'm here for three more days. I, um, maybe we can get a drink or something?". Julianna smiled as she walked up to him. She didn't answer his question. Instead, she leaned in and gave him a lingering kiss on the cheek. "Thank you for a wonderful evening". She smiled again and walked out of the hotel room. As the door closed behind her, she leaned back against the hallway wall, her knees still a little week. She took out her phone and flicked through some of the pictures.
Derrick was right, those last pictures were very sexy. But should she keep them? She would love for her husband to see how hot and slutty she looked in those pictures, but they did make it look like her and Derrick had gone a lot farther than they had, way too far. How would she explain that the truth wasn't quite as bad as the pictures made it seem? She thought about it a moment, then turned her phone off and started walking down the hall to the elevator. I don't have to decide right now, she thought, I still have two more days of vacation. Who knows what else might happen?