I craved it. I needed it. I desired it.
Daddy and I have had lots of fun. Lots of punishments, lots of playtime. Lots of amazing sex. But I crave more. I want to be totally owned. I want to give up my control to daddy because to me thats the ultimate form of respect for someone you love. I want daddy to make my decisions, guide me in the bedroom, explore my kink, and be my protector. So tonight, we start small and explore our kink.
Daddy takes me to a local bar. I got dressed up for daddy, wearing heels, a crop top and a pair of skinny jeans. I know he appreciates the effort I put in. He looks at me and just stares. When I am spending time with daddy, I try and always look my best. He deserves a woman that wants to spoil him and treat him amazing in every way. When I dress the way he likes, I know it pleases him and that is most important to me.
We sit at a table and order drinks. Both of us have had a long few weeks and need to relax. Halfway through a rum a coke, I'm feeling pretty frisky. I turd to daddy and we start to kiss. Slowly at first, letting the emotions build. Daddy slips his tongue into my mouth and I lean into his kiss and open my mouth for him. Daddy stops kissing me and suddenly leaves for the bathroom.
I wait a few minutes on daddy and finally look at my phone. I notice a text on it- "come back to the bathroom and suck my cock for 1 minute". I'm elated. I practically run back there. I get to please daddy AND be adventurous. This is what I want, what I need. This is the kind of man I want to take care of me. I go into the bathroom and without question I get on my knees. His cock is out of his pants and waiting on me. I take it into my mouth and coat it with my saliva. I thrust up and down and massage the back of his shaft with my tongue. I can tell daddy appreciates. After a minute, he tells me to stop and go back to the table. I obey.
We sit and talk, and enjoy each other some more. Daddy and I start talking about all of the kinky things we would and wouldn't do. I start to get really excited. I'm starting to realize more and more that I really want this lifestyle. The adventure. The immaturity of it. The total submission to daddy. If he says flash me in a bar, I would be more than willing to do so. I have a primal need to please him. To show him I adore him. I start to realize that I want to change how I live so I can serve him...
After several hours at the bar, daddy and I leave. He's still horny, I'm very horny. And I know we are in for a long night! We get Into the car. I tell daddy to pull out his cock. We are parked right in front of the main window of the bar, and I want everyone to see me pleasure my master. I start sucking on him once again. He starts to drive away and pulls on to a less busy side street. He requests that I take off my pants. I do so. He tells me to get on his lap... while he's driving.
I'm elated. I'm so turned on. I'm getting wet thinking about it. Daddy wants me to fuck him while driving! I sit on his cock and put my legs on either side of his legs. He leans his chair back and holds only the steering wheel. All I have to worry about it pleasuring him. We drive. I don't care who seems. I'm so hyper focused on his cock, that I don't even notice the surroundings. All I want is to make him moan. To make his cock throb from my thrusts on top of him. I quickly realize I am not able to open wide enough to fully let daddy into my throbbing pussy. I move my leg over the center console, and give him more access to my cunt. My cunt is his. He takes one hand off of the wheel and starts rubbing my throbbing clit while He drives and while I ride him. It feels sooooo good. The naughtiness of all of this is making this sex so hot for me. I never want it to end.
About halfway through our drive, I take my shirt off for daddy. He removes me bra. I'm now sitting completely naked on his thick huge cock while he drives down the road. Again, I don't care who sees me. I just want to pleasure daddy. He pulls on my nipples and slaps my breasts so let me know I'm being a good slut for him. I moan out in thanks. I adore his slaps. I continue to ride him. He tells me that I'm riding him so good he may cum! I slow down my thrusts because I want to be greedy with his cock. I never want this night to end.
Daddy asks me to get off of his cock and suck him. I jump off of his cock and immediately put my ass in the air and mouth on his cock. As we drive, I'm sure everyone that drove by could see a full view of my expose pussy. It was up in the air right by the passenger window. But I didn't care. I just focused on daddy. I wanted to deepthroat him. I wanted to gag. I started sucking him, tasting myself and my arousal from daddy. I used my own lube to glide me up and down daddy's cock. I was so turned on. He deserved to have his cock in my mouth. He deserved to be treated like a king, and adored in every way. I kept thrusting and going up and down. Finally i started going deep. Daddy knows sometimes i struggle with getting it deep inside my throat. He took my held, and helped me. He held my head onto his cock. I gasped for air when he released. He gave me no reprieve and started again. I kept gagging over and over as daddy used my head as his fucktoy. I felt empowered, used, sexy, wanted. My eyes were watering, my throat was burning, my pussy was on display and I was in heaven. Daddy was being soooooo good to me.
I suck daddy until we arrive home. Daddy asked me to get out of the car. I do as he says. He forcefully grabs me and puts my body against the side of his car. I knew he was going to finally fuck my cunt. He puts his huge cock inside of me and sigh in complete happiness. He fills me in every way. Daddy tells me to lean over and put my titts on his car window. He wants my ass out so He can get the pest access to my pussy he can get. I obey. I let him use my body however he wants. He moves me around Into a couple more positions, with the finale on the top of his car hood. I lean back on the hood and take his massive thrusts. I can tell he's almost ready to cum. I feel his cock pulsing in my pussy.
Daddy screams at me to get on my knees. He pumps his thick cock and his cum shoots all over me. I feel owned. I adore the feeling. I had a huge squirt go into my mouth and I swallow it all. The rest goes on my face and chest. Daddy is finished with me, and it's time to clean up. I go into the bathroom... little does daddy know that I took the cum off of my face with my fingers and ate every last bite. I never want to waste his cum!! It was my dirty little secret and I was so turned on by it.
This night was perfect. Daddy is starting to push boundaries with me. I want to push more. I want to push them all. I want to make my life his, so that his needs are mine. That his wants become my deepest desires. So that his life and my life and so intertwined that nothing is more important to me than him and his happiness. Thank you daddy.