Kelly sat in the chair with a bit of trepidation. She was nude, and the tattooed man was waiting with a variety of sharp objects.
Kristen was already finished, with new rings piercing her labia. Dana had been an inspiration, and while tender, she loved the new addition.
She stood holding Kelly's hand, giving her some moral support for what was going to be an uncomfortable experience.
"I still don't know how you talked me into this..." Kelly said in a nervous tone.
"Don't be such a baby. I already went."
"You've done this before though."
The guy with the needle tapped her on the inner thigh and said "Deep breath."
As she did, she felt the needle pierce her right nipple. She gasped at the sudden pain and then hissed through her teeth as it subsided.
"one down!" Kristen said enthusiastically.
A half hour later, both were dressed, the piercings were paid for and they were on their way, slightly more gingerly than when they arrived.
------------------
Eve stood behind the counter, her nipples crinkling with excitement. Ever since the girls had made such a big impression on the store, things had been going amazing.
Dana, her cute young clerk had embraced both the new store practices, but also been enthusiastically working to please her beautiful boss.
At that moment, she was on her knees, naked, with her hands cuffed behind her back, and her tongue firmly planted in Eve's pleasantly aching slit.
Eve was wearing a red leather bustier that left her breasts exposed. The matching red leather mini skirt was on the floor. She leaned forward with her hands on the counter and reveled in the sensations caused by Dana's eager tongue. She took one hand and pulled Dana's face closer to her, moaning in pleasure. She looked up at the nearest camera, giving a smile for her husband's appreciation when he viewed the footage.
The front door chime sounded, and Kristen and Kelly walked in.
"Hi Eve! I love the outfit!" Kelly called out.
Eve panted out a quick thanks, as an orgasm worked it's way through her.
Kelly walked to the counter and asked "Where's Dana?"
Dana struggled to her feet and smiled at her friends. "Hi! I'd wave, but you know..." She said as she turned to show her cuffed wrists.
"Sorry to interrupt, but the door was open."
Eve picked up her skirt from the floor and briefly thought about putting it back on. At this point it seemed a little pointless.
"I was just giving Dana some on the job training." She said with a grin.
"It looks like it went quite well!" Kristen said, joining everyone at the counter.
Eve unlocked Dana's cuffs and set them down.
"You should stay like that Eve, you look amazing." Kristen said.
"You think?"
"Yeah, kind of dominatrix slut boss thing going on. It works for you."
Eve laughed at the description, and decided to go with it.
"I have an idea, let's get everyone in matching outfits today."
She walked to the back, with the other girls following. She began sorting through the rack of outfits that the girls had collected since they started this arrangement.
Soon, three black leather corsets, black thigh high stockings, and black high heel shoes, and red jeweled butt plugs were laid out for her staff.
"I have something for each of you, let me go get them while you get changed."
She came back in to see her beautiful staff all dressed in the new outfits. "You all look perfect! Now line up for me."
They grinned at each other, but got in a line, and Eve came to them with three black collars in hand. She walked behind the girls, and secured the collars around each of their necks.
"This doesn't mean I own you, but I figured you don't have any better place for name tags." She said with a smile.
The girls examined each other's new accessories and saw that the collars had their names done in white rhinestones.
"Oh that's perfect!" Kelly said. "Thank you!"
All the girls admired the collars, then continued to get ready for the work day. They put their hair up in pony tails, did their makeup, including bright scarlet lipstick.
When they were finished, they went to the front of the store, and prepared to meet their first customers of the day.
---------------------
"I see the both of you have been busy." Dana said, nodding to Kristen and Kelly's new piercings.
"Do you like them?" Kristen asked.
"Yes, we all look like a matched set now." Dana replied.
The door chime rang, and a younger blonde woman walked in, then stopped when she saw their outfits.
"Hi! Welcome to Eve's Boutique! Can I help you?" Kristen said with a smile.
Still taken aback, the young woman hesitated a moment then glanced around. She said "I'm just looking for now, but thanks."
"Sure, feel free! If you need any help at all, don't hesitate!" Kristen replied. "We're here to help, so if you want us to model anything, or help with a fitting, or whatever, just ask."
The woman smiled tentatively and headed over to the lingerie section.
The girls didn't want the customer to feel like they were staring her down, so they talked quietly at the front of the store, occasionally checking to see if the woman needed anything.
After about ten minutes, the woman walked up and shyly asked Kristen, "Anything?"
"Anything at all."
"Can you help me pick out some outfits?"
"Absolutely! One of my favorite activities! As you can see, I'm Kelly. What should I call you?"
"I'm Lisa."
"Really nice to meet you. This is going to be fun."
She walked over to the lingerie section with the woman.
"Do they make you dress like that?"
"Would you believe it was our idea? It's a lot of fun and you probably wouldn't be surprised at how much it helps with sales."
The woman gave a small laugh. "I wish I had your confidence."
"Why shouldn't you? You're gorgeous! I'm sure we can bring out whatever attitude you're looking for."
"I hope so, I'm barely a year into my marriage, and he hardly looks at me."
"He's crazy! Let's give him something to react to. What are you trying for, innocent, slutty, sophisticated?"
"Slutty..." she said in a small voice. "He seems to like that..."
"Okay, in private, or in public."
"Oh god, private. I don't think I could go outside of the bedroom like that."
"You'd be surprised, but let's start with that."
Kristen looked at Lisa, and tried to get some idea of what would work. Lisa was about the same height as her, with a somewhat fuller figure, include firm but larger breasts. Either she had a really good bra, or she spent a lot of time working out.
She pulled a few items off the racks, and said "Okay, go get undressed, and I'll bring some outfits to you."
She decided to give her a couple of minutes to get undressed, then knocked softly on the side of the dressing room door.
"Come in..." came the hesitant reply.
She walked in to find Lisa still in her bra and panties, with her hands trying to cover her breasts.
"Oh that won't do." She said, hanging the outfits she'd chosen on the hook inside the room. "You're never going to get a good idea with those on."
She came around behind Lisa and confidently unclasped the bra, helping to pull it off her shoulders. When she'd finished, she said "Panties too!"
Lisa shuddered, but began to lower the simple boy shorts to her ankles.
"You're gorgeous! We're going to have him eating out of your hands!"
She handed Lisa a mini dress made from a stretchy material. "Try this first."
She helped pull the dress over Lisa's head, admiring her figure in the full length mirror as she helped settle it down past her hips. When stretched out, the black mini dress was fully see through and barely came down past her vulva.
"Oh that looks great, but you need one other thing. Come with me."
She took Lisa's hand and pulled her out of the dressing room, much to her horror.
"Come on, we need to get you some serious shoes to go with that dress!"
She led her somewhat dumbstruck customer to the shoe rack, and sat her down. She came back with a pair of four inch high heels, and knelt in front of her. She picked up a foot, and put it gently on her foot. She admired the view of her customer's pussy as the short dress rode up and then helped her fit the other shoe.
Kristen helped Lisa stand up, and led her to a full length mirror while gesturing for her friends to come over.
Dana looked at the nervous woman and told her she looked amazing.
"Come on, let's try something else. And see? You can appear in public."
Kelly said, "To be fair, Kristen's super power is separating pretty women from their clothes..."
Kristen laughed and spanked Kelly's bare ass as she went past.
Back in the dressing room, she reached down and pulled the dress over Lisa's head.
She handed Lisa a shelf bra, that left the top half of her breasts with her nipples exposed, but pushed her cleavage up and together. When Lisa had put it on, she handed her a tight stretchy mini skirt, that barely qualified as being a belt. Lisa pulled it on, and tried in vain to make it cover more skin. As a finishing touch, Kristen handed her a transparent black blouse that left most of her midriff exposed.
"I think that's the killer outfit right there."
"No panties?"
"Absolutely not, they'd spoil the lines."
"I have to ask, that jewel you have, does it hurt?"
Kristen turned around and said "This? It's really not that big, and I'll tell you, you are aware of every step with it in."
Blushing furiously, Lisa asked her to help pick one out.
"Come on. Let's look at the selection."
"Like this?" Lisa gasped.
"Hell, you've already been out there showing everything! What does it matter?"
"I guess."
The walked out, Lisa starting to show more confidence as they walked out to the toy section and nothing horrible happened.
They looked through the selection, finally settling on a quite small jeweled plug, in a red stone. "To match yours." Lisa said with a smile.
They returned the dressing room so that Lisa could gather her things.
"Can you help me put it in?
"Sure, I'd love to help. Lean forward and put your hands and elbows on the mirror, then spread your legs."
Kristen took the jewel from the package and warmed it in her hands. She then drew the steel head through Lisa's open slit, eliciting a gasp. When it was covered in Lisa's juices, she carefully spread her butt cheek aside and began introducing it to her waiting sphincter.
"Relax, it's going to be tight for a second, then it'll pop in."
She applied a little pressure, feeling the tight muscle relax and spread, and with a little more gentle effort, Lisa's asshole took up the jeweled plug.
"There you go! Take a look!"
Lisa turned around and holding one cheek aside, admired the jewel over her shoulder.
"Oh my god, that's really... interesting."
"Do you like it?"
"I think so, it's definitely letting me know it's there."
"I think you should wear all this home. You're all primed, and you look incredibly sexy right now."
"You think so?"
"Hell yes. Let's pack this stuff up, and ring you out."
"I think I want that other dress too."
"I knew you would. I have impeccable taste." Kristen replied with a laugh.
They went to the front counter, and Kristen handed the tags over to Dana to ring up. When she saw the box for the butt plug, she raised an eyebrow and smiled.
Kristen had an idea. "Lisa, can I ask a favor? I would love to get a picture of my girlfriends and I, can you help out?"
"Sure, no problem."
Kristen gathered Dana, Kelly and Eve, and they moved to center of the floor. They took several poses and then Kristen turned to Lisa. "We need to get some with you too."
"Oh I don't think so..."
"Of course you do! You need some pictures to share with your hubby after all! You want him to see how you got your makeover."
"Okay, I guess."
She handed her phone to Eve, who began directing the girls. Soon she had the four of them posing, with Lisa lifting her tiny skirt to show her pussy.
"I want all of you to bend over and show your jewels off!"
Soon, the photos were finished, and Lisa gave Kristen a tight hug. "Thank you so much for your help today!"
"The pleasure was mostly mine, I promise. Let us know how it works out with your husband."
Lisa tugged the tiny skirt down, took her bags, and left the store as smile on her face and hope for an amazing evening.
"There you go, Kristen making the world a better place, one new slut at a time!" Kelly said.
"It's my super power after all." She replied.