It all started . . . I was about to write "so innocently", but the truth is that it didn't start all that innocently. There was always an element of sin and fascination in the making of The Film.
To begin with, anyway, there were four of us: Vanessa, Kelly, Daisy and myself. I was separated from them in more than one way. I was the only guy, for a start. Then there was the fact that Kelly and Daisy were art students, and Vanessa was a film major, and I was a literature boy. But we shared common ground in that we all liked film and art and books, and there was also a certain will to hip, plus a dislike of rigid boundaries. So it was that, in the first two years of us knowing each other, I had a fling with both gamine, dark-haired Kelly and also hippyish, red-haired, cheerful Daisy, and each of them at various times also had a bit of a thing with curly-haired, earnest, round-faced, long-nosed Vanessa. I for my part was on the skinny side, with short-cropped dark brown hair, and I had a couple of piercings and a modest tattoo, as did we all.
So we were linked by more than just interests. We had some intimate knowledge of each other, if not all that much. If anything, Kelly marginally preferred boys while Daisy marginally preferred girls, while Vanessa was so determinedly intellectual that it was hard to tell what she was into. I was flattered by the friendship of these three very interesting young women. We liked to think of ourselves as a Group of like-minded people. We read the most interesting books, saw the best films, went to the coolest art shows and had the smartest opinions. None of which quite explains how we came to make The Film. The Film was, I guess, interesting, but it was also quite a bit more than that. It went somewhere very unusual.
It began when we were watching a bad Roger Corman movie one night. Vanessa noticed, as she tended to do, that the films followed a rigid pattern; there would be a point somewhere at which one or more of the women would get her clothes off and then there would be a more or less consensual sex scene. If there were monsters, chances are that one of them would molest one or more of the women. Vanessa used to find that kind of thing really irritating.
"How come there are never any movies where the men get molested!" she complained.
"Who wants to watch that?" I said.
"I would," she said.
"so would I," said Kelly, grinning.
"Oh god yeah," said Daisy.
"Really?" I said.
"To see a man being the object of desire?" said Vanessa. "Sure, why not?"
"Alex," said Kelly, 'do you know how many movies we watch in which the women are the ones who get fingered or stripped or ogled or raped? I'd love to watch a man in that position. To see him be that vulnerable."
"Nothing sexier than a vulnerable man," affirmed Daisy.
"What kind of thing do you mean?" I asked.
" . . . I dunno," said Kelly, "just . . . maybe if it was men being molested by a monster.
Yeah."
"Ohmigod," said Daisy fervently. 'so hot."
"Yeah," said Vanessa, "if it was men . . . I'd love to see that in a movie."
We all watched the actress writhing and squealing for a moment.
"Why don't we make a movie?" I said.
"What kind of movie?" said Kelly.
"The kind we're talking about," I said. "I think I could write that."
"Could you?" said Vanessa, looking intrigued.
"Sure," I said, shrugging.
"What would it be about?" she said, sitting up and putting the movie on Pause.
"I dunno," I said. "I'm sure we could think up a story. I could write it, you could direct it.
Kelly could do special effects. Daisy could do . . . other stuff."
"I could be the action hero!" said Daisy brightly.
"Brilliant!" exclaimed Vanessa. "Of course! You be the heroine, rescuing all the men from the monsters!"
"On condition that I don't get molested myself."
"Oh no."
"Cause I'm not doing that. I don't mind maybe having a hot sex scene with another girl,
but not being raped by a monster."
"Not gonna happen," said Vanessa. "Alex, take notes."
"What kind of monster?" said Kelly.
"A . . . a sex monster," said Vanessa.
"Well, duh."
"No. A, um . . . "
"A plant monster," I said. "Plenty of opportunity there for hentai stuff."
"Genius," said Vanessa.
"Right," said Kelly, thinking. "Yeah, that would work . . . some sort of tentacley planty
thing that could tie the men up."
"Got to have lots of scenes with guys being tied up," said Vanessa.
"Oh yes," said Daisy. 'so I can rescue them!"
"Absolutely," said Kelly.
"Tied up," said Vanessa, "and molested."
"Mmmmm, lots of naked men," said Kelly, grinning.
"Being molested."
"Nummy."
"Practical point," I said, raising a finger.
"What?" said Vanessa.
"Where are you gonna get all these men?"
"We'll cast them," said Vanessa.
"Problem there," I said, "is that you're not gonna get a lot of actors willing to play those characters."
"We will if they're gay!" said Daisy.
"But then," I went on, "you'll either have a lot of gay boys who just want to get sexy on camera or you'll get serious actors who happen to be gay and don't necessarily want to get typecast as sex puppets for the rapey plant monster."
"Good point," said Vanessa.
There was a silence. I looked at them all.
"There is a solution," I said. They looked at me.
"Don't have lots of men. Have just one guy, and have it all happen to him. That way you only have one guy actor you need to worry about. Cast the right guy and keep him happy and he'll do the job."
"Alex," said Vanessa, "I want you to write this."
"I will," I said.
"Now," she said.
"Okay," I said.
"Get your laptop."
And so we sat down, and by four a.m. in the morning we had a treatment.
***
The treatment evolved over the next week or so. It turned out that I had a rather baroque imagination for the kind of thing we were doing. Our hapless hero, who I called A for want of an actual surname, was a normal, okay-looking, relatively shy guy who for unknown reasons becomes irresistibly attractive to various kinds of sinister creatures with darkly perverse designs on his body. Over the course of the story he began by being attacked after a swim in the forest and messily raped by a plant monster; then he was raped in his own apartment by an invisible ghost; then he was stalked and chased by a mysterious froglike creature and finally molested and sexually assaulted; then he was kidnapped by a strange cabal of non-human creatures, placed on display and doused in gunge before becoming their sexual plaything; finally it was revealed that all of these attacks were being orchestrated by a demented and vengeful ex of his who had acquired magical powers and sought to punish him for leaving her. In each situation he was rescued by his plucky and gorgeous girlfriend. The climax of the story came when his girlfriend acquired the ex's magic book and turned the ex's powers against her, causing the ex to become a terrible victim of her own evil creatures, whereupon the heroine took her grateful boyfriend to bed and taught him who was boss. The catch was that the girlfriend wanted to top the boyfriend but he didn't want to, and it took the whole ordeal of the film to make him realise that he actually craved it.
When we had finished the treatment, Vanessa was delighted and I was pleased but a bit disturbed that I'd come up with this story. It worried me and excited me and when I thought about it, it tended to arouse me too. But at least I'm just the writer, I told myself, and it wasn't as though we were ever going to get to make the movie anyway.
That all changed when Vanessa's aunt died and left her €600,000.
***
Suddenly the film went from something that we were half-seriously toying with to a thing that was going to happen. Vanessa bought a new Power Mac, a lot of hard drive space, a very expensive digital video camera and a copy of Final Cut Pro, and Kelly started making monsters in her studio. Daisy was designing the costumes as well as starring as the plucky heroine, who we called Daisy for convenience's sake. Basically, we only needed two other actors: a guy to play A, and a woman to play the ex, who we called X. We managed to get in touch with a young and emerging actress called Fiona who seemed to happy to play X, in spite of the fact that much of X's final scene - her comeuppance - wasn't really written, and all we knew was that it would involve nudity on her part and be rather prolonged and messy and horrifying. Fiona had been nude on stage twice, so she claimed to be fine with all that, but we would have very little time to rehearse with her.
The real problem, though, was A. We asked every actor we knew, and nobody would touch the part with a ten-foot pole. Some actors professed to find the whole thing offensive. I could see their point. A was a rather passive character who spent most of his time being attacked, subdued and sexually assaulted, often in messy and humiliating ways. It wasn't exactly the kind of part that a young actor wanted on his CV.
It was one night after an especially unsuccessful casting session that we all went to the pub, Vanessa, Kelly, Daisy and I, and we got very drunk and wound up back at Vanessa's.
"Nobody wants to make our movie," Vanessa shouted at the ceiling, between swigs on a wine bottle.
"Can you blame them?" I said. "We've written a male lead character who gets raped up his arse four times and has to be covered in gunge and exposed to complete strangers. It's a nightmare for an actor. We'll have to change it."
"I'm not changing a thing!" she cried.
"Good," I said. "I don't want to either, but nobody's gonna do it."
'the reason nobody wants to do it," said Kelly, "is that nobody understands where the character is coming from."
"I do," said Vanessa.
'so do I," said Daisy.
'so do I," I said, "I fucking wrote him."
"But nobody we"ve seen has that basic understanding," Kelly lamented. 'there probably is someone out there, but our chances of finding him are zero. We don't have the money or the time. We start shooting the weekend after next."
"If we could just find a nice guy who looked good and who understands the character and who can be natural on camera," said Vanessa, "we'd be sorted."
"Well," I said, "good luck."
We were silent. I drank some more beer, and when I looked at the others I realised that they were all looking at me.
"What?" I said.
"Alex . . . " Vanessa said, smiling.
And suddenly I realised what they meant.
"Oh no," I said. "No no. No way."
"Oh but come on," said Vanessa. "You're the only one. It has to be you."
"No fucking way," I said. "If you think I'm gonna let myself be stripped naked and ass-raped for a film . . . no way. No. No way at all."
"But it'd be pretend!" Vanessa implored me.
'the rape might be," I said, "but I'd still have to take my clothes off."
"But you look great with your clothes off," said Kelly.
'does he?" said Vanessa.
"He has a beautiful arse," said Daisy.
"And a nice cock," Kelly added.
"You're perfect," said Vanessa, scrambling over the furniture towards me, her eyes shining. I shrank back, in real fear.
"No," I said. "Uh-uh. No way. Absolutely not. No fucking way. Not gonna happen."
"You're the only one," Vanessa breathed, climbing on top of me and staring down at me, her eyes shining with booze. I had never been so close to her before.
"No!" I said.
"Please," said Kelly, grinning and simpering at me.
"Pleeeeeeeeeeeeease!" Daisy begged me.
"No," I said.
This went on for some time, until they began to get genuinely impatient and even upset with me, until finally Vanessa had another swig of wine and held up her hands for silence.
"I'll tell you what," she said. "If you do it, I'll pay you a thousand quid."
"Vanessa," I told her, "even a thousand quid is not enough to make me take my kit off for you and this film and pretend to be raped by a plant. It's not gonna happen. End of story. Full stop. Okay?"
Which is how I ended up playing A.
***
We simplified things further by renaming A Alex. The more I read and reread the script, and saw Kelly's monsters come together, and rehearsed with Daisy and Vanessa, the more nervous I became, but paradoxically I also became more reassured; after all, it wasn't going to be real but a technical process. I would have to lose my clothes and my dignity, but the rest would be acting, and acting had its own dignity. I wouldn't really be being attacked by a plant monster, I'd be faking it for the camera. Kelly showed us the complex workings of the first plant monster, how it had various tentacles that did different things, some shooting out liquid, some designed to hold me, some designed to probe or caress me and one meant to look as though it was the one that would "penetrate" me, and the more our technical our conversation became, the more I was able to quell my doubts.
We rehearsed everything carefully, but fully clothed. Vanessa thought it would be easier on me that way. I soon acquired a healthy sense of the ridiculous when it came to lying on my stomach and pretending to be sexually assaulted by a vine, but of course I knew that on the location it would be different. Daisy was encouraging, and was having a ball as the plucky heroine, perfecting her looks of cool resolution and urgency.
We went on location trips and found the perfect spot in a distant corner of a wood near Vanessa's family's holiday home. There was a shallow pool for Daisy and I to swim in, and plenty of thick but not-too-thick undergrowth for me to be trapped in, and to give Kelly the cover she needed to operate the monster. We also dug a pit, to make the pit that I would fall into and which the monster would trap me in so that it could have its way with me.
We joked about it, all the time, but we were all nervous. We knew that we were basically making a semi-pornographic movie with no previous experience of that kind of thing. I felt the pressure but I kept up a calm, practical front.
Then the day dawned.
***
I awoke in darkness from uneasy dreams, showered, ate some breakfast and was ready on the pavement by 6 a.m. Kelly picked us all up in her car and we drove out to the location.
First we prepared the pit, lining it with plastic sheeting and then filling it with some kind of sticky, opalescent, pearly fluid which Kelly had devised. She called it 'monster juice" but it looked like nothing so much as semen, but stickier and thicker. It tasted quite pleasant and I was assured it was non-toxic.
Then we set up the location by the pool, setting out a picnic blanket and our fake picnic. Kelly prepared her monster. I noticed that it was connected by various tubes and hoses to a number of large bottles and pumps.
"What are they for?" I asked, nervously.
"Oh," she said casually, "just effects. We'll explain when we get to the bit."
"Is that to do with the messy aspect?"
"It might be," she said, smirking.
Daisy and I changed into our swimsuits and then we were ready to roll. The opening scene began with a simple sequence of us having a picnic and a swim in the pool. There was to be a scene before this, of us having unsatisfying sex the night before, but that would be shot later. First, we began by trying to establish the tone of a couple who were having some difficulties but who were trying to get through them. Daisy swam, then she beckoned me in but I said no, until she finally got exasperated and said she was going for a walk.
Then Daisy left the pool, wet and pink in her swimsuit, and I waited for her to go before going in myself and having a rather stiff paddle. Vanessa and the others laughed quietly at my portrayal of "Alex" as an uptight, rather virginal guy. Then it was time for the big first scene.
We broke for a light lunch. I didn't want to eat too much because I was too nervous. I was about to do a scene where my character got attacked, stripped and raped, and I was going to do in front of my three best friends, all of them girls, two of them one-time girlfriends of mine. It was embarrassing, to say the least. I only hoped that I'd manage to be reasonably convincing.
After lunch we had a short rest, and then Vanessa looked at us all and said, with a gleam in her eye, "Okay, girls and boy, let's do it."
She had carefully storyboarded the sequence, and for the next two hours we took painstaking close-up after painstaking close-up as my character emerged from the pool, his hair still dry, and then walked into the woods in search of his girlfriend Daisy - during which time branches and vines started to clutch at him, and he got scared and began to run. It took a long time and was rather boring, but it did at least relax me until we finally got to the beginning of the attack proper.
"Okay," Vanessa said, "now, we only have so many effects, and as much as possible I want to get this in one take, if that's okay?"
I nodded seriously, and so did Kelly and Daisy.
"So," Vanessa said, "Alex - you come up here, and then the vine trips you, and you fall into the pit. I'd like you to fall right in and get it on your face, okay?"
"Okay," I said.
"Then," she said, "when you're in there, do the whole shock and disgust thing, and then Daisy will be operating the vines that will, you know, pull your trunks off."
I was wearing only a pair of tight swimming trunks, which Daisy had carefully modified to be breakaway - a not very strong pull on them would make them tear in two and fall off me. I blushed.
"Then," she said, "we'll do some inserts of the vines trapping you, which Kelly's sorted out, and then all being well, I'd like to have a go at doing the actual rape in a single take. I think it'll be better that way."
"Okay," I said, nodding.
"What'll happen," Kelly said, "the vines will be holding you down, and if you just concentrate on keeping your head up, the flower will come down and go over your head, and then the, uh, phallus vine will go to like, actually rape you. The vines are linked up to the reservoirs so when we get to the climax they'll pump liquid out."
"What sort of liquid?" I asked.
"Oh, it's harmless. Mostly marshmallow and water. The flower will also pump stuff and that'll be more messy, so just be aware."
"And obviously," Vanessa said earnestly, "if you can play up the whole terror and arousal thing, terror mingled with arousal, that would be brilliant."
"I think I know what to do," I said. 'do you want me to have, like, an orgasm?"
"Well, if you can pretend, that would be great," said Vanessa, "but don't worry too much - just make it look like you're hating it and aroused by it at the same time."
"Shouldn't be too much of a challenge," I said.
"So, while the monster is still pumping," Kelly said, 'daisy turns up and kills it with the machete. We'll do that with inserts. Then she helps you up and cleans you."
"I know," I said.
"I know," said Kelly. "I, just. Okay."
'"So, are you ready, Alex?" asked Vanessa.
"As I'll ever be," I said, flushing pink. This was it, and they all knew it. They were about to do something completely outrageous to me and nobody was envying me at that moment.
It took us about forty minutes to get the trip shot right, with me tripping and continuously falling onto a conveniently placed inflatable bed, and then it was time for what Vanessa called the Money Shot - me falling into the pit.
I took my mark. Vanessa had the camera, and Daisy had a second camera that we'd rented for extra coverage. Kelly was crouched in the bushes, with the control panel for the monster.
"Camera!" called Vanessa.
"Speed!" called Daisy.
"Kelly!"
"Ready!"
"And . . . go Alex!"
I took a deep breath, and broke into a run. I did my best to look terrified and vulnerable, and then I burst through the last bit of undergrowth, deliberately tripping on my own ankle - a little bit of clown business I'd picked up - and sailed forward through the air before landing on what looked like the forest floor, but which exploded in a vast, gooey spray of thick, grey, pearly fluid. I sank into it, face first, feeling it push up my nose and into my mouth and filling my eyes, and the shock of it receiving my body. It felt slimy and lukewarm and disgusting, and yet also weirdly sensual. I moaned, despite myself, and after a moment lifted my head out and tried to blink it out of my eyes.
There was a pause, and then Vanessa cried "Cut!"
I couldn't see anything, but I heard the other girls laughing, partly with relief. I had to laugh, a little, but I waited for someone else to let me know if I could wipe my eyes.
"Fucking brilliant!" said Vanessa. "Alex, how was that for you?"
"It's okay," I said. "It's pretty comfortable. Can I wipe my eyes?"
"Not now," she said. "Wait till we go again. Daisy, position, okay?"
I heard movement, and then Vanessa shouted "Action!" and it wasn't any stretch of acting to moan with disgust and wipe the gunk out of my eyes. But then I felt the vines curling around my limbs, and I looked over my shoulder and mimed Alex's horror at realising that he was trapped. The trapping bit took a little while, and then Vanessa was looking anxiously at the sky and saying "Okay, are we good to go for a take? I really want to get this in the can if possible."
"I'm good," Kelly called.
"I'm good too," I said from my undignified position on my belly in the pit of goo.
"I'm fine," said Daisy.
"Okay, great," said Vanessa. "Now, we want it quick and aggressive, like we rehearsed, okay? If you feel like going with a moment, go with it, but Kelly, I really want us to feel like this is really happening to Alex, okay?"
"Understood," came Kelly's voice.
"And you know what to do," said Vanessa to me, smiling more warmly than I could remember her doing. "Just go for it. Maximum vulnerability. Remember to keep breathing, okay?"
"Okay," I said, my face covered in slime apart from my eyes, my back still more or less clean, my trunks still protecting my modesty.
Vanessa called action. I started to writhe and moan. It wasn't hard to fake, because Daisy was operating pincerlike vines that were tugging at the waistband of my trunks and I knew that any second they would split, and I would be the only one of us who was naked in the pit and about to be violated.
The MONSTER creeps forward and its vines grab ALEX's trunks and rip them, stripping him naked. He screams in fear.
I squirmed in the pit, feeling the sharp tips of the vines on my skin, and then they were hooked on my trunks and they pulled, and all of a sudden I felt the fabric parting as Daisy had planned it would, and my trunks fell away from me uselessly, exposing my bare bottom, and I was finally naked in the pit full of goo. My female friends were videoing me about to undergo a simulated "rape" at the hands of a plant monster. I screamed with a mixture of stage panic and real nervousness.
Remembering my choreography, I looked up and moaned in fear at the sight of the bulbous flower of the plant descending. It was the size of a hairdryer in a salon and had been designed to fit loosely over my whole head. I scrambled for a grip, trying to get out, but I couldn't get one. I was aware of Vanessa kneeling to video me as I stared up in horror at the flower descending, and then it was touching my head, and then still going, and it was closing over the top of my head and sliding down my mucky forehead, and I squirmed and moaned in protest.
And then I felt the thick, bulbous "phallus vine" sliding between the tops of my thighs. I remembered the moment in rehearsal when Vanessa had said to me, in all earnestness,
"Alex, I think it's really important that we really get a sense that this thing is, you know, penetrating you, so I do want to see that, or something resembling that - is that okay?"
"But it's not actually going to," I said.
"Oh god no," she said. "But I think we need to see the tip of it going between your
buttocks - would you be comfortable with that?"
"I think we can manage that," I said with a casualness that I was now regretting, because the huge flower bud descended lower and as I gasped with horror it lowered over my eyes and then stopped, clamped there, blinding me, while I felt the tip of the phallus vine pushing gently between my slippery naked buttocks.
I had never let either Kelly or Daisy do anything like this to me, although I'd been tempted. That had been one of the places where this film had come from. And now I was pretending that it was really happening. I shuddered, for real, and I moaned "Oh no, oh god, ooooh," as the tip of the vine slithered up between my tight bum cheeks. I clenched my anal muscle tightly shut. I was quite glad that my penis was safely hidden beneath me in the pool of muck because it was stiff. The thought of what the girls would think if they could see that I had an erection made me moan louder, especially as I was now blind and basically helpless - I couldn't get my head out of the flower and the vines were holding me down in the pit.
I squirmed and gasped and begged for mercy, but the vine began to slither delicately back and forth, as if it were penetrating me. I was aware that I'd failed to act a moment when it actually went in, and I felt annoyed with myself, despite the torrent of sensation and humiliation and arousal that I was feeling.
But then, all that ceased to matter. I don't know exactly what happened, perhaps Kelly's hand slipped on her control panel, or maybe I moved in the wrong direction, but I felt a sudden flow of liquid over my face inside the flower and it was filling my mouth. I jerked convulsively and gagged and moaned, and my body must have flinched backwards because all of a sudden I felt the bulbous, slippery, narrow tip of the phallus vine pressing, pressing hard against my tight anus, and I spat out a mouthful of liquid and squealed in alarm and panic, rising my naked body up on my hands and knees, my nude body now fully exposed and dripping goo, and then my anal bud relaxed and the thick plastic vine pushed up horribly and urgently and irresistibly, parting me, penetrating my anus, slithering up inside me, and making me squeal again with animal arousal - "OOOOUUNNH!"
I couldn't believe it, it had really happened, it was happening to me, for real, I was being gunged and stripped nude and genuinely ass-fucked for Vanessa's camera. The vine was right up inside my rectum and I felt it in me, the most intimate penetration imaginable, and I shook and moaned in real, unfeigned abandon.
Daisy had caught the moment it had happened; she had been focusing on the vine tip between my buttocks when suddenly the vine and I went in opposite directions and she'd videoed it penetrating me. She told me later that she felt a pang of something like sympathy, but that it was also "very, very hot". Vanessa had been doing a medium shot of me squirming naked in the gunge as the flower descended onto my head, when suddenly I convulsively jerked my hips backwards and up, and as I then panically tried to lift myself up, the vine had pushed up into my ass, impaling and transfixing me.
For an eternal moment I remained there, trembling, on hands and knees, the flower covering my head down to the bridge of my nose, the rest of me naked and filthy as the vine throbbed mechanically in my ass - and Kelly was throwing panicked looks at Vanessa, who was motioning her to keep going, don't stop, and also watching me to see if I was in trouble and needed to stop it - but I hardly knew who I was or what was happening, and at the same time the piercing sexual humiliation of it was so intense that I couldn't help being fiercely aroused by it. Because, beneath me, my penis was sticking out like a unicorn's horn, bouncing off my lower belly as I shook.
"Unnhhh . . . unnhhh . . . unhhh . . . uhhh . . . uhhh! Uhhh! UHHH! UUUUH!" I squealed as I felt myself yielding utterly to it, and then after a moment Kelly threw some switch and my head was engulfed in a flood of some lumpy, fruit-tasting fluid, which cascaded over my face and down my neck and bare chest and I couldn't bear it any more but arched and stretched and felt the flower descend over my whole head and I gave a muffled scream as I felt myself coming, copiously, into Kelly's carefully prepared pitful of gunge. My stiff prick spurted thick ropes of cum as I gave in to the most intense orgasm of my life, and then I didn't care any more and merely whimpered as the flower pulled off my head and I slumped, face-down, in the gunge.
There was quite a long moment while I just lay there, nude, filthy and violated, aware that my body had betrayed me to the girls, and then I sensed rather than felt Daisy re-entering the scene and attacking the monster before she very gently pulled the severed vine from my asshole and turned me over. I was blinded, nude and exhausted, but also sated.
"Oh my god, Alex," I heard her breathe, and it was her dialogue, but it was also true, "are
you okay?"
"I'm not sure," I muttered. "I hope so."
"Let's get you cleaned up," she said, and she helped me stand.
"Cut!" Vanessa said, and the girls flocked around me.
"Alex," said Vanessa urgently, "are you okay?"
"Yeah, think so," I said, wiping the gunk from my face. I was exhausted and spent and
my ass was tingling, and I could feel that my face was burning with embarrassment.
"It looked as though it, uh . . . "
"Yeah," I said.
"Did it?" she said, grimacing with sympathy and embarrassment herself.
"Yep," I said. "I mean, that's why I . . . you know."
"Oh my god," she said. 'this is so awful. I'm sooo sorry. I didn't mean that to happen."
"Jesus, Alex, I'm really sorry," said Kelly, hanging her face in shame.
"It's okay, guys," I said. "It was liable to happen. Was it a good take?"
"Well . . . " said Vanessa, and for a moment I had the terrible suspicion that she'd tell me that we'd have to do it again, " . . . yeah. It was bloody amazing. I mean, it was so real."
"Well, then, it's in the can," I said. Daisy brought me a towel and I wrapped it around my
waist, glad to finally cover myself up.
"But," said Vanessa, 'do you mind us using it?"
"No," I said, "we can just pretend that it's faked."
And I smiled at them. They smiled back.
"You're the best," said Vanessa. 'really the best. I'm taking us all out to dinner tonight."
"I think I'd rather have a quiet night in, thanks," I said, and I made my way back through the undergrowth to the car, where there was water and soap to wash myself off.
***
After that, the film was never quite the same. I think we felt that we'd all gone much, much further than we meant to, and that we were going to need to keep doing so if we wanted the film to be any good.
Vanessa and I talked on the phone one night.
"I'm so sorry about what happened, but I'm really glad you've decided to go ahead with that take," she said. "I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't wanted to."
"Well, it's only practical," I said. "I didn't really have another take in me."
"Right," she said. "Because it was really your instinctive reaction to being . . . you know . . . penetrated, that made it brilliant."
"Mmm," I said.
"And I was wondering, um," she said, "would you mind very much if . . . if next time . . . "
"What?" I said.
"If next time," she said slowly, "we . . . you know. If that's something that we might do deliberately instead of accidentally."
I was silent. I had been thinking the same thing myself, but hadn't wanted to say it out loud.
"I mean, not if you're uncomfortable in any way, of course," she added hastily.
"No, no," I said. "It's not that. I . . . um . . . I suppose that while I don't want to think that that's what the whole scene is about, but we need to do whatever we have to do to get a good scene. And if that's what we have to do, well . . . "
"Okay," Vanessa said in her most infuriatingly reasonable tone. After all, it wasn't like anyone was going to be sodomising her in this movie. She was safe and clean and clothed behind the camera. I wondered if there was any way at all that I might do something about that.
"So let's just think about how we're gonna approach the next scene," she said. "Just bearing in mind what we"ve discussed. Is that okay?"
"Sure," I said, not really wanting to talk about it anymore. We said goodbyes and rang off.
***
The truth was that the next scene was highly problematic. In the scene, my character was supposed to be alone in his apartment when he was suddenly assaulted by an invisible ghost that ripped his clothes off, forced him down on the bed and sodomised him. That seemed like a great idea, back when we were brainstorming, plus it referenced a scene featuring Barbara Hershey in The Entity - but now that we'd achieved spectacular realism with me being genuinely butt-fucked by our plastic plant monster, it was almost impossible to imagine that we could do that again with just me thrashing around on a bed and no special effects.
Between ourselves, Kelly, Daisy and I agreed that the scene probably wouldn't work. We could never make it work in rehearsal, but Vanessa always insisted that that was because we just weren't in the moment enough, and once we were on the set, in the moment, with me naked, it would be fine. But I didn't think it would be.
For a start, the scene served no real purpose in the movie. It led into a scene where Alex and Daisy were to break up for a while, after Alex recovered from his assault and complained that she hadn't helped him. I thought that this robbed him of sympathy and seemed contrived, but Vanessa was in love with the whole idea of me being raped by an invisible ghost and she claimed that it said all kinds of interesting things about narcissism and was a metaphor for masturbation and it was subversive, but she never seemed to realise that it didn't really work as part of the story. There was no explanation for why Daisy wasn't there to help Alex, and her entering just at the end seemed too convenient. Nevertheless, Vanessa insisted that we keep it in the story. She was in love with the idea of a scene in which a man was sexually assaulted by an unseen assailant.
Nevertheless, Kelly and Daisy and I began to talk about coming up with an alternative. And after some late night email exchanges, we got one.
***
We convened in our flat one morning with the camera gear.
"I think it would be good if we did a couple of run-throughs without the camera,"
Vanessa said, 'so we can get an idea of how this is going to work."
And so we did. I had practiced at home by myself, and had got pretty good at removing my own clothes without making it look like it was me that was doing it. I duly flung myself on the bed, while the girls watched, and as I struggled with an invisible attacker, whimpering in protest, I stripped myself naked and then proceeded to mime being held face down on the bed and sodomised, jerking my hips to indicate the thrusts of the attacker.
After a couple of goes of this Vanessa called a halt, and I got under the sheet to preserve my modesty as we sat down to discuss it.
"I dunno," she said. "I honestly thought it would be great. But I'm not so sure now. It just doesn't look right."
"No, I don't think so either," I said. "It doesn't feel right. I mean, I can get, you know, aroused, doing that, but I don't think I could . . . I don't think I could come."
"It looks like you're having a fit," Kelly said sardonically.
"Yeah, it does," said Vanessa.
"I just don't have the tech to make it look like someone's groping him and holding him down," said Kelly. "In The Entity they did it with hot air guns on Barbara Hershey's tits. It looked like someone was feeling her up. But I don't have any."
"Fuck," muttered Vanessa. "Not your fault, Kel, sorry. I was sure it would look much better."
"Sorry I'm not better at acting it," I said.
"It's not your fault either," she said. "Director's a fucking idiot. We'll have to think of something else."
"Well . . . " said Daisy, "actually, we did have a bit of an idea."
"Oh yeah?" said Vanessa, looking hopeful for the first time that morning.
"Well," said Daisy, "y"know, we were talking about how the breakup between me and Alex isn't very convincing? We were thinking, what if we're actually having sex, and then the magic interferes and it splits us up? Something so bizarre or so nasty or weird that one or both of us can't handle it and we break up."
"We said no girls in sex scenes," said Vanessa, looking cross. Daisy rolled her eyes.
"Oh, we said a lot of things. But Alex has taken one for the film in a big way so I don't mind doing it too. It's only fair."
"What sort of thing?" asked Vanessa.
"How about," said Kelly, 'they're having sex, bam bam bam, it's all lovely, but then Alex starts to come and it's like, this unstoppable fountain. He comes like, gallons all over both of them and Daisy is so freaked out, or they're both so freaked out, that they can't handle it and they break up. I can do that easily."
Daisy smiled ruefully.
"I like it," said Vanessa after a pause. "It's mad. It could work. It could be very funny though."
"That's not necessarily a bad thing," Daisy said.
"Do either of you mind getting really messy?"
I shrugged. "I'm gonna get messed up every scene we do, so . . . "
"To begin with, I was all about doing it to the guy and staying pristine," said Daisy, grinning. "But since the pond scene it doesn't seem fair that it's just Alex who has to take everything. Yeah, I'll do it."
"I get the feeling," said Kelly, 'that before this is over, every single one of us is going to be in this movie."
"Well, trust me, that's definitely not going to happen," said Vanessa in her most irritatingly self-righteous way, but then she considered it, and said "Fine. It sounds good. At least it's doable."
And so Kelly spent an hour rigging up her hoses, while Daisy and Vanessa and I quickly wrote and rehearsed a rudimentary scene in which "Alex" and "Daisy" were having a tender morning in bed which culminated in her stripping me naked and sitting astride me and mounting me. Vanessa wanted Daisy to keep her t-shirt on, but Daisy said that that was the kind of bullshit double standard that she always hated.
We shot it the beginning of the scene and soon Daisy was tenderly undressing me, and Vanessa's camera took a long, lingering shot of my naked body as Daisy pulled the sheet off me, dragging her tongue down my belly to my cock, which to all our surprise, especially mine, she took in her mouth. I didn't have to fake the squirming and moaning, as Daisy gave very good blowjobs. Soon I was fully erect and she sat up, stripped off her outsized t-shirt and then, looking down at me fondly, sat astride me, my cock between the tops of her thighs, not actually in her - we didn't want to make this into a regular porn film. I drank in Daisy's lovely, lithe naked body with my eyes as she bounced up and down on me, and I soon found myself about to cum. She looked down at me, smiling, and just as my whimpers peaked, she raised herself up and took my cock in her hand, and I was beyond being embarrassed when I came, my cum splashing over Daisy's glistening pink belly.
And then Kelly kicked in her machine, and the hidden pipe squirted more opalescent liquid over Daisy's stomach and breasts, and she looked down in comic alarm and then there was more, this time squirting directly in her face, and she sat back with moans of disgust but I carefully feigned uncontrol and more of the fake spunk was squirting over Daisy, now drenching her chest, and she was scrambling off the bed saying "Ugh, oh god, Alex, please, no, stop, I don't -" and I continued to shake and squirm helplessly as Kelly's second pipe kicked in and a positive hose of gooey liquid cascaded over Daisy as she stood by the bed, and she shrieked. But it was falling on me, too; Kelly was making it look like my cock was helplessly spurting in all directions. Daisy gasped and spluttered and started to run for the door, and I rolled onto one side and caught her with a huge blast of the goo, and she slipped and fell on the floor. I had a huge splash of the stuff in my face and I blindly crawled off the bed, Kelly following me so that I was spurting all over Daisy prone and naked on the floor. Daisy was screaming and trying to hide her face. She squirmed as I landed on her and rolled on her back to throw me off, but then Kelly turned it on full force and a continuous stream of sticky grey fluid poured over Daisy's face and bare breasts for a full fifteen or twenty seconds, before I recovered enough to get a grip on my penis, whereupon it went in my face too.
Finally it slackened and I fell off Daisy and lay next to her on the floor. She was lying prone, trembling, her upper naked body completely coated with the sticky opalescent grey fluid, and when I stirred feebly and tried to touch her, she muttered "Don't touch me," and struggled to her feet and staggered out of the room towards the bathroom.
Or rather, she just made it outside the bedroom before all four of us collapsed with helpless laughter. Kelly emerged from her position to one side of the bed; she had stripped down to her underwear to operate the hose and she, too, was bespattered with the sticky goo she'd devised to be fake semen. The four of us rolled on the ground aching with laughter at the utter absurdity of what we'd just shot, and then Daisy, Kelly and I showered together quickly and sat wrapped in towels to watch the playback.
We agreed that the film needed something as utterly silly as this, and then we quickly
plotted out the end of the scene and shot the pickups. The scene ended with two classic shots of both Daisy and I sitting naked on the floors of our respective showers, each of us hugging our own knees and sobbing. The scene told everything that needed to be told; Daisy had left me. After that we went to the pub, because we had lost any remaining awkwardness after the pool scene and we needed to unwind after the daftness of the spunk-bucket scene, as Kelly called it.
***
It was after shooting that scene that we ran into a problem. We had realised that our initial treatment wasn't really going far enough. After I had been sodomised onscreen for real, and had (apparently) come all over Daisy, how could we top that? Being raped by someone in a frog costume was hardly going to cut it, even though Kelly was prepared to don a sticky, sweaty rubber costume and mime being my rapist.
Also, now we had filmed the breakup between "Alex" and "Daisy", my character had to be on his own for a while, or at least apart from her, so that he could get into more peril. We talked about it a lot over late night drinking sessions and afternoon coffee sessions and we could never come to a satisfactory solution.
And then, one night, we were in Kelly's place after she had cooked us a fabulous vegetarian chili. We all drank a lot of beer and then some tequila and then we were sitting looking at wet and messy videos on the internet.
"I have it," said Daisy slowly.
"What?" said Vanessa.
"Alex and Daisy can't get together again right away," said Daisy.
"Right."
"So he needs to be away from her. Maybe he needs to talk to someone else about it. He wants answers."
"I like it," said Vanessa. "He's being proactive."
"So he looks up people who can help and he finds . . . someone. Someone who claims to be an expert in when supernatural forces are attracted to be humans. Specifically guys."
"Okay."
"So Alex goes to him. And it's a guy. Maybe an older guy or maybe the same age. Not sure."
Daisy stopped and looked at us. I had a nervous feeling in the pit of my stomach.
"And the guy agrees to study Alex and see if he can figure out what's going on. And this involves Alex going to live in the guy's flat for a while. And after a while the guy starts to put Alex through tests which are designed to see how susceptible he is to, you know, paranormal entities. But of course they're actually . . . "
Daisy raised her eyes and grinned. I looked at the other two. They were grinning too.
"Hang on a sec," I said, "what are we talking about exactly?"
"Well, the guy is enchanted and he's working for the ex, right?" said Kelly.
"Of course," said Daisy.
"Oooh, wow," said Vanessa. "Loads of possibilities."
"But what exactly are we talking about?" I said, my mouth dry.
"Well I was thinking we could build slowly," Daisy said. "Like maybe it begins with him making you take your clothes off and then using various machines to sort of test the atmosphere. But then it gets more, um, physical." She grinned again, wickedly.
"What do you mean, physical?" I said, and I was alarmed to find that I wa getting an erection.
"He blindfolds you and makes you jerk off while describing how you feel."
"Oooh," said Vanessa, delighted.
"And then he has other machines he uses on you. To see what you're like under certain conditions. Like handcuffs. Then soon he's making you spend your entire time naked because he's not getting a result."
The girls were listening, fascinated with Daisy's idea. I was fascinated but also horrified. I hadn't signed up for being in a film where I was some man's plaything.
"And then," Daisy said, "he builds a machine which he actually uses to fuck you. He straps you into this thing and it buggers you out of your mind. And he still doesn't get a result."
"How does it end?" said Vanessa.
"Um . . . I suppose I come and rescue him," said Daisy with a shrug.
"Bit anticlimactic," said Kelly.
"There's only one way it can end," said Vanessa, and she looked at me carefully.
"Alex," she said earnestly, "you know what it is, don't you?"
"Tell me," I muttered.
"He's got to fuck you for real," she said softly.
There was a silence, because Vanessa had proposed something much more radical than we had ever planned. It was supposed to be a fake sex movie in which all the intercourse would be simulated, but already it was becoming something between an arty porn film and the documentation of how my three women friends got me, their closest straight male friend, to agree to let myself be fucked in nearly every conceivable way.
I really didn't know what anyone would think of me if I went through with it. I just knew that I didn't fancy men, but on the other hand I found the whole prospect of acting in Daisy's idea terrifying and arousing. I had never even kissed a man, and now we were talking about me being the passive partner in anal intercourse, for real, on camera.
"The only way I can see it working," I said, "is if we get a really good actor and he plays it like he's really in love with me. If it's just a shag thing it won't work. It'll have to be a love scene."
Vanessa came over to me and hugged me.
"Alex," she said, "after this, I swear I'll never make you act in anything again. And I'll tell
you what else. I will personally be your fluffer on the day."
And so I committed myself.
***
We didn't have to look too hard before we found our David, as we called the character.
He was a slim, good-looking, red-haired young actor, very pale and rather innocent-seeming but entirely at home with his sexuality. John was friendly, professional and I wasn't sure how good he'd be on camera but my doubts were stilled when we rehearsed - he lost all his slightly nervous, effeminate quality and became much more still and charismatic.
He was interested in what we were doing and when we showed him what we'd already shot he was gratifyingly impressed - especially with the opening scene, which he pronounced "very hot". ("Alex," you said, "can I just say that you have a great ass." I blushed.) Then Vanessa got a job on a film set that meant her being away for eight weeks. We had to shut the film down, but secretly I was relieved, as it meant that my moment of humiliation - the long sequence we would have to shoot with John using me as his sexual plaything - was deferred.
Vanessa had encouraged us to hang out as much as possible, so that John and I could be comfortable around each other. It was one thing to do a nude love scene with Daisy, with whom I'd once been intimate. It was quite another to do one with a man I didn't know. I found myself wondering what it would be like to make love with another man, and with John in particular. But I liked him a lot - he was warm, enthusiastic and intelligent, and good company. He and I started meeting for drinks to discuss the film and other things related to it. After a while he started to invite me to the gay bars where he met his friends. He introduced me to his friends, all of whom were perfectly friendly but who never seemed to find me even remotely attractive, which annoyed me.
Eventually, one Saturday night, as we sat in the noisy corner of John's favourite hangout, I summoned up the courage.
"John," I shouted in his ear - it was a very noisy corner indeed.
"Alex," he said, touching my arm in a friendly way.
"Can I ask you something personal?"
"Of course you can, sweetie."
"I've been having a really lovely time hanging out with you and your friends, and they're really lovely people."
"I know."
"But there is one small thing."
"Uh-huh."
"None of them have ever even slightly hit on me."
John nodded and waited for me to say something else. When I didn't, he looked at me quizzically.
"Well, am I so bad-looking?"
"You? Not at all. You're very cute."
"Thanks. But I suppose I just thought . . . "
"You thought what?"
"I kind of thought that someone might find me cute enough to at least flirt with me."
"But, Alex, you're not exactly celibate. I mean you used to go out with Kelly and Daisy and they're absolutely gorgeous."
"Yes," I said, "but I suppose I just wanted . . . oh, never mind."
I stared moodily ahead, aware that he was watching me with great amusement.
"Alex," he said finally.
"Yeah?"
"I'll tell you what it is."
"What is it?"
"You just don't project a huge air of . . . you're just not . . . "
"I'm just not sexy?"
John looked at me with an "Oh please" expression.
"Hey," he said, leaning into me, 'don't forget, honey, I"ve seen the footage. I know you can be sexy. Trust me, if you want to be, you can be a babe. You just don't really want to be one. You come across as very, very straight. I mean, it can be a little bit intimidating."
He laughed, and I had to as well.
"So I'm just a little bit scary?"
"Yes, you are. I mean, you've read everything and seen nearly everything and you're kind of alarming. But don't worry. Are you worried about the scene?"
I nodded. He looked at me with compassion and stroked my arm.
"Don't be, sweetie. It's gonna be fine."
"You do know it's supposed to be real, right?" I said, feeling strangely emotional. My throat was tight. He gazed at me.
"Yeah," he said.
"I"ve never done this," I said, looking back at him. "I"ve never been with a guy. I"ve never even looked at a guy. Well, no, correction - the only guy I"ve ever looked at is you, and that's because we have to do a scene together."
"You make it sound like it's gonna be such an ordeal," he said, smiling.
"John," I said, and I felt like I was about to cry, "I just don't know what I'm doing. I'm doing this film with the girls and I love them all and it's our thing, but already I hardly know who I am. I'm feeling all this stuff and it's just so fucking weird. And I don't know who to talk to about it. The girls are just so into it but the things that we do . . . they're so outside anything I'm used to. I don't know how I should feel about it."
"Nobody's saying you have to feel any particular way about it," John said. He had turned so that he was facing me, and was leaning in close to me. I could feel the heat of his body in his tight t-shirt.
"So what do you think I should do?" I said, looking at him, feeling the tears pricking at my eyes. He looked back at me, frank, young, younger than me by a few years and yet seemingly so much more experienced.
"I think you should relax," he said.
I nodded, dumb. He looked at me.
"Alex," he said, "I'm not a great judge of character but I think what you need most right now is a really big snog."
"That would be okay," I said softly.
He leaned in, and we kissed, at first rather tentatively but as I got used to his male face and body, more confidently. Then his tongue was in my mouth, and we were kissing harder, wrapping ourselves up in each other, shutting out the world in the private universe of the kiss.
He put his arms around me, and I relaxed into it, allowing his tongue to enter me, and then feeling his legs against mine, and not flinching away as I would normally have done but opening my body up to him.
He pulled back and looked at me.
"I think I know what you're thinking," he said.
"What would that be?"
"You're thinking we should get a cab."
"You might be right."
"And we should go back to my place or your place."
"Yeah."
"And get it on. Right?"
I nodded, shy, eager. He wrinkled his nose - a cutely feminine gesture.
"Yhere are so many reasons why that would be wrong," he said.
"And a few why it would be right," I said, looking him in the eye, enjoying flirting with him, enjoying being brazen.
"But you know it would be wrong," he said. "We can't just go home and fuck. It's gonna take away all the tension from when we shoot the scene. Of course I'd like to do it, god knows, I think you're cute and I"ve seen what you look like naked, but . . . we have to think about the film."
"You're right," I admitted.
"Even if I just let you fuck me," he said, "which would be my normal preference with a straight guy, except, straight, whatever - I mean, that's what I'd really like to do, if you want to know."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah," he said. "Well, not necessarily just let you fuck me. There's a million things we can do in bed that aren't just about taking it up the ass, you know." He mouthed the last few words in a mock-confidential tone.
"Tell me about them," I said, genuinely curious.
And so, John told me. I learned a lot that night from listening to him, about the different ways men had devised to get around the way that their bodies were not necessarily optimally designed for mutual sexual pleasure. He told me about how to give a proper blowjob, about mutual masturbation, intercrural intercourse, 69ing, rimming, stuff I'd read about but had never heard anyone describe from firsthand experience.
"So you see how it's not all about just ass-fucking, right?" he said, and laughed and took a pull at his drink.
"I'm sorry if I jumped the gun," I said.
"It's not that," he said. "We're gonna have to do this scene, and I want us both to want it by then. I mean, don't you?"
"I suppose," I said.
"You've got to be more than just curious, Alex," he said. "You've got to really want it. Or else it won't work. Right now you're horny and you like me and you're in love with the idea of what it would be like to go to bed with me, but that's not much fun for me. You know how many drunk straight boys I've taken home?"
"I'm sure it's more than the number of drunk straight girls I've taken home," I said.
"Well, so am I," he said and grinned. "But . . . it's all going to be leading up to the scene where I . . . you know. I'm going to be fucking you. And I don't know what you've talked about with the girls, exactly, but . . . "
"We"ve talked about it," I said. "I said I would do the scene on the understanding that we wouldn't be faking it."
"Right," he said. 'so, at some point in the next few weeks, you're gonna be naked and I'm gonna be pushing my cock up your bum in front of your girl friends, and you'd better believe that I want you to be begging for it. I don't want you to be thinking about them. I don't want you to be thinking about anything but my cock in your ass. Because when I go to bed with a guy, that's all I think about. If we went to bed now, I would so be your girl."
"Would you?" I said.
John reached out and took hold of my cock through the fabric of my cargo pants. I made a little gasp.
"Oh, god, yeah. My ass would be yours, Alex. I've seen your cock and I would love to have it in me. I can do sissy like you wouldn't believe. You would ride me all night and I'd be begging for more. But in the scene it's going to be the other way around, and I don't top very often, so when I do I want my bottom to understand that I'm doing him a huge favour. Not that I don't fancy you, you understand."
"You fancy me?"
"Of course I do, you eejit," he said, giving my cock a squeeze that made me gasp. "I wouldn't be doing this film if I didn't. And I must admit that it is a bit of a treat. Most straight boys are so not into taking one for the team. They want to find out what it's like to do me. So I'm honestly grateful that you're stepping up and offering yourself."
"God," I muttered, "I just want you to fuck me, at this point."
"I bet," he said, amused. "But we can't do it."
"No."
"Which is not to say that I can't make you come, right now," he said. "Follow me."
I followed John through the dark club and into the surprisingly roomy gents. He led me into a cubicle and within a moment, he had gently but firmly reached inside my cargos and taken out my still mostly erect cock. He started pulling on it expertly while kissing me, and I was so surprised that I barely had time to react before I felt myself squirming in his embrace and moaning into his mouth as I felt my orgasm build up. He quickly dropped to his knees, took me in his mouth and swallowed as I came, whimpering quietly with surprise and shock.
As I panted for breath, coming down from my orgasm, I opened my eyes and looked at him. He looked up at me and swallowed, smiling.
"The next time I make you come," he said, "you won't be so collected about it. And I'll tell you what else. You won't be standing up, and you won't be wearing any clothes. Come on. You owe me a drink."
He led me out of the toilet.
***
After then, my crush on John faded. I stopped seeing him as someone new and fascinatingly different and I started seeing him as a friend and a colleague.
Which was just as well, because the time soon arrived when we had to shoot the whole scene between "Alex" and "David". We used Kelly's apartment for this, because it was relatively spartan and it was therefore conceivable that it would have been used by men.
We shot the initial conversation scenes in a day or so; it wasn't hard to do and John and I were comfortable with each other for the conversation to have an edge of something without toppling over into instant intimacy.
And then the day came when my fantasy was going to become a reality. Vanessa had scheduled it so that we could shoot the sex scenes between David and Alex in as short a time as possible. She wanted it to stay "fresh". It felt at the time more like she wanted us to not get too comfortable with the whole thing. I also felt more than a hint of prurience from Vanessa, about this sequence. I felt that she was distinctly eager to get down to the man-on-man business, and I wasn't sure how comfortable I was with that.
Still, I told myself that it was all for the good of the scene. And so we gathered, one Sunday morning, in Kelly's flat, and I dressed in my "Alex" clothes of t-shirt and cargo pants and sat sulkily opposite John in his expensive shirt and slacks.
DAVID:
I'm a little concerned that we haven't got a result yet.
ALEX:
Well, I'm not. I'm relieved.
DAVID:
Alex, you seem to forget that the point of these sessions is to ensure that nothing like what's happened to you before happens to you again. For that to work, we have to be sure that you are no longer a target for them. And you haven't been one, but it's only a matter of time.
ALEX:
What do you mean?
DAVID:
I mean that I think we have to provoke them. You haven't been presented to them in a way that will entice them. If we can entice them, we can figure out a way to send them off.
ALEX:
[looking uncomfortable]
What do you mean?
DAVID:
Do you trust me?
ALEX:
Of course I do, doctor -
DAVID:
Are you willing to place yourself entirely within my hands?
ALEX:
[pause]
Of course I am.
DAVID:
[angry]
You hesitated!
ALEX:
Only because I'm confused, and, and scared . . .
DAVID comes over to ALEX and clutches him.
DAVID:
Listen to me. It's crucial that, from here on in, you trust yourself entirely to me. My methods may seem strange, but they will work. Only if you trust me will you ever be free of these things.
ALEX:
[scared]
O-okay.
DAVID:
[smiling]
Good.
DAVID returns to his chair.
DAVID:
Now, I need you to take off your clothes and sit quite still.
ALEX:
Take off my clothes?
DAVID:
Yes.
Strip, please.
Completely.
It was the moment. I was genuinely nervous. Not only was John looking at me with that cool, appraising gaze, I knew that beneath it he was genuinely desiring me. And then Vanessa, Kelly and Daisy were watching me too, with who knew what agendas of their own - although I couldn't help noticing that Kelly and Vanessa had been going home together a lot lately.
I stood up and, feeling genuinely shy, took off my shirt, runners, socks and cargos and laid them on a nearby chair. Then, blushing, I slid down my boxer shorts and laid them and my t-shirt on the rest of my clothes. I sat back on the couch, my hands folded over my groin, quite naked.
DAVID gets up and goes over to the cupboard. He opens it and takes something out. He approaches ALEX.
DAVID:
[holding out a sleep mask]
Put this on?
ALEX:
[nervous]
W-why?
DAVID:
It's important that you experience some sensory deprivation, so that you can focus completely on your own sensations and not on your surroundings. Put it on.
ALEX takes the sleep mask and puts it on.
As the sleep mask covered my eyes, I trembled with anticipation. I knew theoretically what was coming, but it still felt incredibly thrilling and a little frightening to place myself in their hands like this.
Then John, as we had planned, took my hands and I felt the cuffs snap shut over my wrists.
DAVID handcuffs ALEX.
ALEX:
What are you doing!
DAVID raises ALEX's hands over his head and attaches them to a metal loop which is part of a thick nylon rope attached to the wall. ALEX's hands are now cuffed over his head, exposing him completely.
ALEX:
[genuinely scared]
What is this! What are you doing! I didn't . . . stop!
DAVID:
Relax, Alex. We have to prepare you. You must be in a state of readiness.
ALEX:
Oooh god . . .
And then I felt the sofa move as John got onto it, and then . . . his hands were on my bare thighs, caressing me, moving up them to the parts of me that would normally be covered, stroking my naked body gently but decisively. I arched my back and moaned softly.
DAVID:
[breathing heavily]
You must be . . . you must be ready for it, when it comes . . . don't be afraid . . .
ALEX:
[whimpering]
What are you going to do to me?
DAVID:
It's my job to ease you through this.
His hands stroked my bare thighs, moving underneath me, caressing my bum rhythmically, parting my legs, stroking my already erect penis. I blushed furiously that I had a hard-on from him doing this and that the women were watching. I should not have been reacting like this to another man doing this to me, and yet I was clearly very, very aroused.
Then I felt him get off the sofa again, and I gave a soft moan of mingled protest and relief, but then I heard him cross the floor and open the cupboard . . .
. . . and know I knew it was coming, what I had half-dreaded and half-longed for, but it was imminent now and there was no stopping it, unless, that is, I stepped out of character and addressed the girls . . . I could do that, I could still stop this from happening . . . I didn't have to go through with it . . . I could still keep my dignity, my pride . . .
I heard a faint buzzing and just in time I remembered my line, and I didn't have to fake the emotion.
JOHN has produced a machine with a motor and control panel and a pole sticking out, with a vibrator on the end of it. He lubricates the vibrator and places the machine between ALEX's legs. Then he presses a button and the pole becomes longer, pushing up between ALEX's thighs.
ALEX:
[blindly looking from side to side]
What are you . . . what's that . . . oh my god, what are you going to . . .
[feeling the machine touching his buttocks]
Oh god, no please! No!
DAVID:
Alex.
This is what you fear.
This is what drives the entities to do this to you.
You must face the fear.
You must face the thing, and experience it.
Only then can you master it.
ALEX:
[begging, tearful]
No, please, don't, not in my bum, please don't . . .
We see the vibrator pushing between ALEX's buttocks. DAVID positions ALEX's hips to receive it while ALEX begs for mercy.
ALEX:
[sobbing]
Please, please, not in there, pleeease . . .
The VIBRATOR penetrates ALEX and he opens his mouth in shock.
I felt the slippery, twirling, humming tip of the vibrator pressing against my asshole, and my cock was rock hard, and I squirmed desperately, nude on the couch, trying to evade it, but John was holding me down and I couldn't resist as the machine pushed itself into my anus and began to bugger me.
I don't suppose it lasted too long but it seemed a hugely long time that I squirmed and whimpered, for real, a young man nude on the couch, as I was clinically sodomised by a machine, for the camera of my three female best friends. I hadn't known this, but this had been a fantasy of two of them, Vanessa and Kelly, to have me machine-fucked for the film. And now they were having it enacted live before them, by one more-than-willing actor and me, a semi-reluctant participant, mortified at how aroused I was but also in the grip of violent sensation and tides of emotion.
John's fist pulled on my cock and I writhed slowly in his hands, my slim body arching and tensing, as I moaned helplessly. My tight round ass was penetrated by the pink vibrator on the end of a gleaming metal rod.
And then, in what wasn't in the script at all but which we'd all known must happen, I felt the machine being withdrawn from my ass and I was rolled onto my belly and a cushion stuffed under my genitals, pushing my ass up in the air, and as I moaned "Oh GOD! PLEASE!" I heard the sound of a belt being unbuckled, and then before Vanessa had time to call "cut", John had quickly mounted my naked hips and was pushing his stiff penis into my slippery, aching arsehole.
If I had been shocked by the feel of the machine, this was very different. It was a kind of consummation and a wave of violent emotion went through me. I felt him pushing into me and I bit my lip with the pain, and then as he slid his length inside me, I let out an agonised half-grunt, half-scream, and then I gave in and wept as John began to fuck me for real.
He was exceptionally tender, kissing me, encouraging me, stroking me, holding me, but at the same time he was still fucking my arse, and it was beyond anything I had done yet. The girls were watching me, videoing me being anally fucked by another man, for real. And yielding to him, helplessly, too. I didn't protest anymore, just wept from the pleasure and pain and shame and ecstasy of giving myself up so completely to another man, letting him use me like a girl, being his sex object.
"This is what you wanted, isn't it?" he whispered in my ear.
"Yes," I sobbed.
"You wanted someone to do this to you. To fuck your arse in such a way that you could tell yourself that you had no choice. To take you. You want Daisy to do this to you, don't you?"
"Oh god," I moaned. I was wincing and gasping as his cock slid in and out of me, so firm and solid and smooth and also so stingingly painful. It was overwhelming and humiliating and I had to give in to it, utterly.
"Tell me what I'm doing," he gasped.
"You're fucking me," I moaned.
"Describe it. Have you let anyone fuck you anally before?"
"Not anyone human," I whimpered.
"How are you feeling?"
"I feel like . . . oh god . . . I feel like . . . like I"ve never been this naked before. Uhhh . . . I feel like . . . ooooh . . . like everyone can see me. Everyone can see what I want."
"You want me, don't you?" he said. "You want this."
He rolled me onto my side and the cushion fell off the sofa. The pressure of my tight round buttocks squeezing his cock made him ram himself into me, and I felt his cock tip touch my prostate.
"AaaAAAAAAUUNNHHH!" I squealed, helplessly, as I came in a gush, gasping and weeping. He reached around and milked my cock and then he rolled me onto my back and lifted up my legs and I yielded further to him, gasping wordlessly as he pumped hard into me, using me for his pleasure, before I finally felt him cum inside me.
He came down, panting for breath, and so did I, slowly, still shaking with the extremity of what had been done to me. I'd been stripped and sodomised on camera by another man. And I'd had an orgasm from it.
What I really wanted to do was lie there with him, but that wasn't in the script. After a moment I felt him get up, and heard him doing up his trousers. Then he unlocked me from the rope attaching me to the wall. The key of the handcuffs landed on my bare, sweating stomach.
DAVID:
[curtly]
You can see yourself out.
I will summon you for the next session.
DAVID leaves. A shocked ALEX manages to unlock the handcuffs, then takes off the sleeping mask. He is naked. Slowly he cleans himself up, dresses and leaves.
I took my time about it because I had to. I wiped my own cum off my belly and cock, and wiped his from between my bum cheeks. Then I put my clothes on, wiped my face, washed my hands and face in his office sink and left the room.
I walked right out and walked straight home and went into my bedroom and flopped down on the bed. I lay there, still shaking, and after a while I felt sleep flowing over me and I gave in.
When I woke up, it was dark and I felt woozy. Then I remembered that I had been shooting the film. I got up and drank a glass of water and went to the bathroom, stripped off and took a shower. Then, still damp in my bathrobe, I rang Vanessa.
"Alex," she said. "Thank god. Are you okay?"
"Yeah," I said. "I'm okay. I'm really sorry. I had to go home. Is it okay?"
"It's fucking amazing," she said. "It's the best yet. I'm sorry, I just wanted to know you're okay. We don't need to do it again. Are you sure you're okay?"
"I'm fine," I said. "How's John?"
There was a pause.
"He's a bit upset," she said. "I think he's worried about you."
"I'll call him," I said and after assuring Vanessa that I was fine one more time, I rang off. I called John.
He answered and there was silence in the background; I guessed he was at home.
"Hi," he said. "Are you okay?"
"Yeah," I said. "I'm good. I'm sorry I ran off."
"I'm sorry I did what I did," he said.
"I'm not," I said. "Apparently it looks great."
"But there's more than how it looks," he said.
There was a long pause.
"Listen," I said, "I'm hungry. Do you want to come over? We can get pizza."
He was silent for a long moment.
"I'm on my way," he said.
Fifteen minutes later my door buzzed, and I let him in. He was in his street clothes. I was still wearing my bathrobe. I shut the door behind him and he looked at me.
I reached out and took his hands and led him into my bedroom. He plucked the bathrobe from me and laid me naked on the bed, and then he stripped too and lay down on me, and we finally kissed, naked, our young men's bodies touching, and we went on kissing for a long while until I got on top of him and turned around and took him in my mouth, and he took me in his.
And then after that, I got off him and we seemed to be all over and in between each other, wrestling, kissing, holding each other down, grunting with the strain of it; I smelled his sweat and his after-shave and I tasted him, and our hands were touching each other in places I'd never touched another man before, and then he was forcing me down on the bed and rolling me onto my belly and as I gasped "No - no" he mounted me, parting my legs with his, and he was smearing some gel between my damp buttocks, and then as I moaned with the pain and submission of it he entered me again, this man abruptly sodomising me, and I was screaming into the pillow with the release and the ecstasy of it. He fucked me up my bum until I came, shamelessly, over the sheet and he inside my rectum, and then he pulled out and at last we held each other. It was around midnight.
I got up, rang for pizza and opened some wine. We lay naked in the bed, John and I, talking and eating.
"This would never work," he said apologetically, smiling at me.
"I think I know why," I said, "but tell me anyway."
"Because you're a basically straight bottom," he said, "and I'm a gay bottom. I want to be where you are and what you really want is for me to be a girl."
"That's not very fair," I protested. "I love having your cock up my ass."
"Yes," said John, sipping his wine, his eyes glinting at me in the dim light of the room. "But you're a tourist, Alex. You're playing at being gay and you enjoy it, but are you gonna do it to me?"
I considered it, looking at John's slim, angular body sitting naked opposite me, and I realised that I felt no desire to take him; I loved that he desired me, but I wasn't interested in taking him or doing to him what he did to me. My throat felt tight and I blushed.
"No," I admitted.
"No," he agreed. "So this is as far as we can go. I don't know whether you're meant to end up with boys or girls or both, Alex, but I do know that I'm not right for you."
I drank some wine, feeling mildly drunk and decadent and sophisticated, but also naive and sad.
"It seems a bit unfair that I finally meet someone who I have great sex with," I said, "and he says we aren't gonna work out."
"We're not though," he said. "Honestly."
"In the long run."
"In the long run."
"There's still the short run," I said.
"Yes," he admitted.
"So," I said.
We put the pizza and our wine glasses on the floor and we came together again.
That night I showed John that I hadn't forgotten what he'd told me in the bar; we went
on for a good two hours and became hot, tired, flushed and very sticky. In the end, we were kissing and grappling slowly and sleepily and for the sake of one last time, he rolled me onto my belly and slid up inside me and I whimpered and moaned softly as he took me once more, then we fell asleep with him still wedged behind me. I woke up in the night, once, with his penis pressed between my naked ass cheeks, and I drifted off again.
In the morning we were like any one night stand; friendly, affectionate, a little reserved. We took it in turns to shower and we went into town together, and even parted with a proper kiss. But that was the last time I was intimate with John.
***
After that, Vanessa, Daisy, Kelly and I were in total confusion the next time we met to discuss the scene. The next scene was to have been a big scene with me becoming the sexual toy of a group of monsters, but now that we had established a practice that anything that happened on screen was to happen on some level for real, that was out; even Vanessa did not want me to be gang-banged for real. It had become much more serious and much less extravagant.
I did not want to discuss what John and I had done. It was a one-night stand and although Daisy seemed curious and even a little pleased that it had happened, Kelly and Vanessa didn't ask me about it.
It was yet another night, sitting around with wine after dinner, and we were so into this process now that it was almost like an endurance test; what new ordeal could we dream up?
"We could go back to the frogman rape thing," said Kelly unenthusiastically.
"Feels a bit tame now," I said. Kelly nodded.
"The bukkake thing," said Vanessa, toying with her wine glass, " . . . I dunno. It's not personal enough. We need to get to the end of the story."
"Maybe we need to bring forward the appearance of the ex," I said.
"Maybe," said Vanessa.
"If we're gonna do that, we need to find another way of getting Daisy and Alex back together," said Daisy.
"What if-" I began.
"How about-" Kelly began. We looked at each other and paused.
"You first," she said.
"No, you."
"I was just thinking," said Kelly, and she brushed back an unruly lock of hair and grinned, "how about the ex has a sort of . . . "
"Agent?" I said. I had been thinking along the same lines.
"I was gonna say droid," said Kelly, "but yeah."
"What are you thinking of?" said Vanessa.
"I was just thinking," said Kelly, "we need some kind of last line of defence before the ex,
and we"ve gone off the idea of the big circle jerk, not to mention that it's gonna be, like, mega-expensive, so I was thinking, what if the ex had a last weapon in the shape of, um, a girl, who manages to seduce Alex but then Daisy intervenes and kills her in a really spectacular way? And after that the ex herself has to show up and she and Daisy fight and Daisy defeats the ex. In some spectacular and humiliating way."
"What kind of spectacular way?" said Vanessa.
"I dunno," said Kelly. "But I'd work it out. Something messy and horrifying."
"We'd need another actor," Daisy said.
"No," Kelly said, "I'll do it."
We all looked at her.
"Alex has already gone way beyond the call of duty," she said, "and so has Daisy. It's my
turn."
"What kind of messy death?" said Vanessa.
"I kind of like the idea of me being killed by the ex's own weapons," Kelly said. "You
know, tentacles, goo, that kind of stuff. I'm okay to do that."
"But that's how the ex gets killed," I said.
"So we'll figure out something else for the ex," she said.
"But that's gonna mess everything up," said Vanessa.
"Not necessarily," said Kelly. "Daisy can devise a way of killing the ex. Actually I've already thought of one. The ex has devised a way whereby Alex will get incredibly messy and sexually humiliated in public, but Daisy gets the ex to do it instead."
"I like that," said Daisy, grinning.
"Yeah," said Vanessa, nodding slowly, 'that might work. But in the meantime I'll have to call Fiona and tell her we're doing it differently."
At that point, Vanessa's mobile rang.
"Oh," she said, "it's Fiona. Hang on."
She answered the phone, and after a brief hello she fell silent and listened. We saw her turning pale, and we all realised that something was very wrong. Then Vanessa said quietly "Okay, no, I understand. It's okay. Yes, it'll be fine, honestly. Thanks for calling me. Good luck."
She rang off, stared at the ground for a moment, and then looked up and said "Fiona can't do it. She's been offered a role in the new Spielberg."
We were stunned. We could think of nothing to say. Vanessa looked as if she were about
to cry.
Then Daisy looked up, blew her nose and said brightly, "Well, there's only one thing we can do, then."
"What?" said Kelly in a dull voice.
"One of our main actresses has dropped out," said Daisy. "Her only scene is coming up and it looks like it's gonna involve something with nudity and mess and humiliation. We're almost certainly not gonna find somebody else to do it at such short notice."
"Yes," said Vanessa testily.
"So there's only one thing for it," said Daisy, and she was silent. We only realised why until we looked at her, and noticed that she was staring and smiling at Vanessa.
Then we all stared and smiled at Vanessa.
Vanessa looked back, shook her head no and said "Oh, no. No. No fucking way. No.
Absolutely not. I'm not doing it."
There was a tense silence. Daisy broke it first. She stared hard at Vanessa, then pulled her own t-shirt over her head and began to unbutton her jeans.
I followed, taking off my shirt and socks and undoing my cargos. Kelly, too, began to undress. Vanessa watched us, as the three of us stripped naked and then threw our clothes in the middle of the room. At last we all sat naked and cross-legged on the floor and stared at her, accusing and silent. And smiling, and blushing.
Vanessa, in her warm jumper and jeans, stared back at us, her forehead glistening with perspiration.
"Oh god," she muttered at last. "Fine."
We all got dressed again and toasted the success of our movie. Finally, we were in place for the last sequence.
***
After that, we got a new sense of collegiality. Now that we knew that every one of us was going to be performing, we all became more enthusiastic about the project. It was that and the knowledge that the extraordinary journey we'd been on was now entering its final stage. Even Vanessa began to get notably excited, if also scared, of the fact that she'd be playing the ex - who, for economy's sake, we named Vanessa. Just as the seductress that Kelly was playing we decided to call Kelly.
We decided that Kelly's character was to be a human/android dominatrix who has been helping Vanessa to cultivate the plant that had raped me. Kelly meets me in a bar and successfully seduces me, but when she's got me home and got my clothes off brings out Vanessa, who reveals that it's been a plot to humiliate me all along. I am tied up and Kelly prepares to set the plant on me. However, Daisy has been stalking me and she manages to turn the plant on Kelly instead; it attacks her, rips her clothes off and brutally attacks her, rendering her senseless. Kelly wanted her character to be killed, but Vanessa drew the line, saying that it was enough that Kelly's character would be neutralised. Kelly nevertheless vowed to make it clear from the effects that her character would no longer be functional.
Vanessa, deprived of her secret weapon, tells me what she's going to do to me: she's going to strip me naked, mess me up and then sodomise me with a strap-on dildo on live webcam in front of an audience of strangers, as punishment for not calling her soon enough after she'd broken up with me. Just then, Daisy enters and it turns out that she's got one of the plants too. She threatens to use it on Vanessa unless Vanessa submits to Daisy doing to her what she was going to do to me. Terrified of the plant, Vanessa reluctantly agrees and Daisy proceeds to comprehensively mess Vanessa up, strip her nude and then mess her up more before finally fucking her up her bum, reducing Vanessa to a naked, quivering, blinded wreck, covered from head to foot in goo and shaving foam and sludge.
Then Daisy takes the opportunity to strip, throw my hogtied nude body on the bed and finally fuck my ass, and so our hero and heroine achieve the consummation they wanted all along, with Daisy triumphant and me joyfully submissive.
We rolled on the floor laughing at this scenario, but at the same time our guts were full of butterflies at the thought that we were actually going to have to do it, or at any rate fake it convincingly.
Kelly worked for hours on constructing our two special hero plants, as well as the mechanisms she needed to suggest the Kelly-droid was being internally ruptured by the assault of the plant. She spent a lot of money on various fluids and emulsifiers and thickeners. Vanessa and Daisy and I trawled the wet and messy sites before we finally found one that had a scenario we liked; a young man slowly but thoroughly messing himself up, stripping, rolling in the muck and finally fucking himself with a butt plug while he whimpered. Vanessa's eyes were very round and she was blushing scarlet.
"God, that's sexy," she muttered, making notes.
Daisy winked at me. She was pleased.
***
We set aside an entire summer's day to shoot it, because we knew from experience that even after we'd got the shots, we'd have to clean up. Things would be complicated by the fact that we were all going to have to be camera operators: Vanessa for the sequence with Kelly and I, Daisy for the bit with Vanessa, Kelly and I, then mostly me for the sequence with Vanessa, Kelly and Daisy and the plant attack on Kelly; then, Kelly being effectively out, she would have to take over the camera for most of the rest of it, except for the occasional pick-up shot of her body. We worked out a complex shooting schedule.
We took time out to do a couple of scenes in a bar, early in the morning, to shoot the bit
where Kelly seduced me. When Kelly first stepped onto the set in her black leather catsuit, she took everyone's breath away. She looked stunning. It wasn't hard to pretend to be seduced by her. The whole point of this sequence was that Alex had lost his way, and didn't know what he wanted anymore.
But then, that morning in June, we convened at 6am in the flat. It was a disused flat belonging to a friend of Vanessa's who'd given us permission to use it. The four of us had spent the previous two days dressing it so as to look like the flat of imaginary dominatrix Kelly.
Now, we draped plastic bin liners and curtains over the windows to make it look like night. Then we quickly shot the conversation scenes between Kelly and me.
KELLY: So, you're a curious boy.
ALEX: I like to experiment, yeah.
KELLY: Experiments can be dangerous.
ALEX: Not if someone is in control.
KELLY: Who do you think that should be?
ALEX: You.
Kelly grabbed me and kissed me, and although we were miming it for the camera, there was genuine affection and joky intimacy in it - she stuck her tongue in my mouth and wiggled it, daring me to laugh. I didn't.
Vanessa and Daisy were on cameras. Kelly pushed me into the bedroom and shoved me on my back on the bed. I looked up at her, eager. She got on the bed, still in her black catsuit, and quickly unbuttoned my trousers.
At this point I had lost most of my inhibitions about being naked in front of the girls. I
pulled my shirt and t-shirt off and Kelly stripped me below the waist. Soon, I was naked on my back while catsuited Kelly sat astride me and fully clothed Vanessa and Daisy hovered with cameras.
KELLY: So, little boy. You like to play?
ALEX: I love to play.
KELLY: You like to be nasty?
ALEX: Yeah!
KELLY: You don't know how nasty I can get.
ALEX: Show me.
We stopped, so that Kelly could tie me up. She'd been taught how to hogtie in such a way that it wouldn't be too uncomfortable, and it was easy to untie the victim quickly in case of cramp. It was oddly exhilarating having my former girlfriend truss me up, naked, in front of another former girlfriend and their mutual sometime lover. But soon I was naked and trussed on my belly on the bed. And while I'd been being tied up, Vanessa was getting into her costume.
KELLY: Now, little boy. You're mine.
ALEX: [naked, hogtied] Yes.
KELLY: I can do whatever I want with you, yes?
ALEX: Yes!
KELLY: Wrong.
ALEX: Wrong? Why?
KELLY: I cannot do it. She can do it.
And Vanessa entered, wearing a thick jumper and a pair of jeans but with fabulous fuck-you energy. I was immediately glad that she'd decided to play the role and not our professional actress. Vanessa was just right - sexy, with her mass of tumbling curls and full breasts and rounded hips, but also cold, imperious and haughty.
VANESSA: Yes! You thought that this was all because you're such a great lover? I don't think so, fucker!
ALEX: W-what?
VANESSA: You forget that one of us has a Master's in biochemistry. Kelly, here, is my doctoral thesis.
ALEX: [horrified] Oh my god . . .
VANESSA: And I don't like guys who break up with me and then don't call me!
ALEX: What? We'd broken up! I didn't want to call you!
VANESSA: Not the point, bitch! You never had any respect for me!
ALEX: I so did! I encouraged you to get that Master's!
VANESSA: Only because you wanted me to FAIL!
ALEX: That's crap! I always supported you!
VANESSA: Not enough! And you were cold in bed, as well. You were unresponsive and
unimaginative. Why do you think that I made all this happen?
ALEX: You . . . you did this to me?!
VANESSA: Yes! The plants in the forest! I grew them in my lab! I drugged David so that he'd rape you! And I created Kelly to be your ideal lover!
ALEX: No! I love Daisy!
VANESSA: Oh, fuck Daisy. That little bitch couldn't do for you what I can do for you.
And that's why I created Kelly, to bring you here. Let me tell you what we're gonna do. We have a list of instructions. First, you're going to find them, and that will involve getting messy. Then you're going to follow them, and bit by bit, you will get dirtier and dirtier until finally you're my naked little gunge bitch. And then, Kelly is going to take that tight little boy ass of yours and ride it until you beg me to stop her. And then I will take you, and believe me, honey, I will make you my slave. And you will forget that Daisy ever existed!
At this point, we had to break because we were finding it so hard not to laugh. It was absurd, that we were putting ourselves through such intense sexual experiences for such a daft script. And yet, that was the point.
Soon, we'd got it together again.
Vanessa approached me and smirked superbly down at me, helpless and naked and hogtied before her. We all knew that there was something radical about the only male in the film being a helpless naked victim while clothed women dominated him.
VANESSA: But first of all, let me introduce you to my little friend. Kelly - bring out the plant.
KELLY takes a large plant out of a plastic bag. Its tendrils are waving in the air. ALEX
looks at it in horror.
ALEX: Oh god . . . no, please . . .
VANESSA: Oh yes. Before we mess you up, I want you to remember how I first
invaded you. Kelly?
KELLY: [smiling evilly] Yes, mistress?
VANESSA: Let it take him.
Vanessa stood back and smiled triumphantly. And we had to stop videoing, so that Kelly could set herself up.
None of us except her knew quite what she had in mind, but she disappeared into the bathroom and re-emerged wearing what looked like an identical catsuit but which was rigged on one side with many wires and tubes. She gave Daisy and Vanessa instructions on where to place the two cameras and what wires to pull and buttons to push - not me, because I couldn't do much from where I was lying naked and trussed on the bed. Vanessa, however, freed me to stretch my legs, and I gratefully stood up and walked around a bit before resuming my bound position.
Then we were ready to go. Kelly was essentially directing this bit, a long effects shot that she wanted to get in one go as she didn't have enough materials to do it twice.
She got in position, glanced at us and said "Okay, let's do it."
Vanessa called the slate and we went for the take.
VANESSA: Let it take him.
KELLY reaches into her pocket and takes out a syringe, which she uses to spray the plant. Then she places it on the floor and steps back, smirking at ALEX.
However, the tendrils of the plant swell and rear up and fold themselves around KELLY. She looks down in horror and looks at VANESSA.
KELLY: Oh my god!
VANESSA: What's happening?
KELLY: Someone has interfered with the serum! Please, mistress, help me!
VANESSA shakes her head no.
VANESSA: Oh no, no, no. This is your area. I'm not getting involved.
The tendrils boil up around KELLY and start pulling her catsuit apart.
Vanessa and Daisy tugged on their wires and owing to whatever ingenious mechanism Kelly had constructed, the fake vines tore at her tearaway catsuit and it fell apart, and they tightened around her body, even as she was stripped naked.
We watched, impressed but also awed, as Kelly acted it; the tendrils pulled her catsuit off her angular, taut, naked body and tightened around her, and she opened her eyes wide and begged Vanessa for help, but then the plastic vines were slithering over her head and up between her thighs and they pulled her head back, and her legs were parted, and moaning in horror she squirmed as a thick tube of vine pushed up between her taut buttocks.
We were watching Kelly the character being raped by the plant, but Kelly the performer was no less being invaded and penetrated; as Kelly stood with her hips thrust backwards and her head tilted up, the vines wrapped around her eyes, I could clearly see the glistening tip of the rearward vine pushing between her buttocks, and she moaned "AAAUUH! AAUUH! MMMOOHH GOD NO!" as it slowly but inexorably penetrated her arse.
We were all wondering if this is what she'd planned, especially as her moans and squeals of horror and pain were so guttural and convincing, but she'd made us promise not to intervene until her character was "obviously out of action", so we just watched, stunned, as Kelly, naked, blinded and trussed by the plant, twitched and howled
"AUUUGGGHHHH!" as the vine buggered her, her tight round ass jerking as it pumped into her - and then she made a horrific gargling noise and I glimpsed the tube she had running up the side of her face - she tilted her blinded face at the ceiling and all of a sudden a jet of thick white fluid pumped apparently out of her mouth, directly upwards, only to fall back and splatter all over her face, soaking her boyish hair and coating her head and shoulders and breasts and upper body.
She trembled and shook and made the gargling noise for a good few more seconds as we
took the point - the plant had buggered Kelly the android and ruptured her internal organs, pushing its way through her body until it was cumming out of her mouth. Kelly the character was dead, just a twitching meat puppet moaning reflexively and visibly expiring as the thick white fluid covered Kelly's face and upper body.
Then, the fluid still pumping out of her, she twitched, sank to her knees and then fell forward, slumped face down, nude and thoroughly ass-raped in a pool of white goo on the floor.
We waited until Kelly stopped moving. Then Vanessa murmured " . . . And cut."
The girls spontaneously applauded. For a moment, Kelly didn't move, and we feared for her.
Then, she got to her hands and knees and looked up, wiping the goo out of her face and smiling, her face crimson.
"Oh. My. God," she muttered. 'so worth it."
"That's almost a wrap for Kelly," Vanessa remarked, and Kelly grinned, and we cheered.
"You'll need to be there for some shots if your body will be in view, though," Vanessa reminded her.
"I know," said Kelly, panting. She looked more cheerful than she'd looked for the entire film. And no wonder. She'd planned, staged and executed her own on-camera anal rape by a plant. We couldn't help but be impressed.
Naked and covered in white goo, Kelly towelled herself off as best she could and then got up behind the camera. She had to be the main camera operator for the rest of the shoot and there was no time for her to shower and get decent.
We went back to the script.
VANESSA stares down at KELLY's prone, naked corpse and sneers.
VANESSA: Never mind. She was a machine. It doesn't matter.
[glancing at ALEX]
I'm going to do it anyway, Alex.
Vanessa stands back and pulls back the sheet, revealing the buckets and bowls of gunge and bottle of oil. ALEX is horrifed.
VANESSA: THIS is what's coming your way. And it's all going to happen live.
She presses a switch and a red light comes on by the webcam of the computer on the desk. Immediately, the screen begins to fill with messages and suggestions: "Hey cute boi", "Love that ass", "Gunge yourself girl", etc.
VANESSA: [to camera] Yes, live on your screens, the tables are turned. Over the next half an hour, I will take this boy and reduce him to my whimpering gunge-bitch.
ALEX: This is non-consensual!
VANESSA rounds on him.
VANESSA: Silence!
She takes out a can of shave foam and sprays him in the face while he moans in protest.
I was blinded for the next few minutes, so I reproduce the script to let you know what happened next:
VANESSA: We"ve had enough of invisible men gunging naked girls. This is about a visible woman gunging a man.
DAISY: [off-screen] I don't think so.
DAISY enters. She is holding a plant, which is twirling its feelers in the air. VANESSA is dumbstruck.
DAISY: That's enough! I knew you were a psycho but I didn't realise you were such a vindictive, mean-minded psycho! This ends here!
VANESSA: [horrified] W-what are you doing with that? Where did you get it?
DAISY: From your lab. I read your notes. I"ve fertilised it with some of your pheromones. It wants you, Vanessa. It wants you really bad.
VANESSA: Oh god, no! Not that!
DAISY: Ah, scared, huh? Can't take your own weapon? I know you tested it on other
people and never yourself. I think you should try it.
VANESSA falls to her knees and pleads.
VANESSA: No! No, please! Don't let that thing near me! I'll do anything! You can have him back! I'll . . . I'll destroy all the plants, all my notes. I know I"ve done wrong.
DAISY: [quietly] You nearly destroyed us. You have to pay.
VANESSA: [tearful] Anything!
DAISY eyes VANESSA and then goes up to the webcam.
DAISY: What do you guys think? I think we should do to her what she was gonna do to him. I'll do it myself.
Lots of positive comments, whoops etc scroll up the screen. VANESSA looks appalled.
VANESSA: Oh god . . .
DAISY: I think that's a yes, Vanessa.
VANESSA, on her knees, covers her face with her hands, then uncovers, squares her shoulders and looks pale and resigned.
VANESSA: Very well. At least it's better than . . . that.
She shudders and averts her eyes from the plant. DAISY places the plant on a side table.
DAISY: Good. What's the first task?
VANESSA: Hand me that red bowl.
DAISY: Wait. Someone needs to see this.
DAISY goes over to ALEX and wipes his face more or less clean, then kisses him
tenderly. He blinks and she embraces him.
ALEX: Are you gonna untie me?
DAISY: Is it really uncomfortable?
ALEX: Uh . . . no. But it's a bit . . . humiliating.
DAISY: Then I think you're fine for now.
ALEX looks uncomfortable at being naked and hogtied on the bed. DAISY fetches a red plastic bowl full of porridge.
VANESSA: [uncomfortably] The instructions are in there. I have to get them out with my teeth.
DAISY: Off you go then.
VANESSA sighs, places the bowl on the floor, and resignedly leans down and, with a little moan of disgust, buries her face in it. It takes her several attempts, during which she repeatedly has to come up for air, but finally she emerges with a plastic bag between her teeth. She opens it, blinking the porridge out of her eyes. Inside is a sheet of A4 paper covered with instructions.
DAISY: Read them aloud.
VANESSA: I wrote them, I don't need to fucking read them.
DAISY: Read them!
VANESSA: "Pour the porridge over your face and then remove all of your clothing except your underwear."
DAISY: Do it.
Vanessa picked up the bowl, raising it over her face, looking up at it, and then she tilted it, and the thick, lumpy, grey sludge cascaded onto her forehead and flowed over her face and mass of curly brown hair. She gasped and moaned in disgust. When it was all done, she waited for it to flow off her face and then she pulled her thick jumper over her head, then removed her shoes and socks, then took off her t-shirt, revealing her heavy breasts in a dark blue bra, and finally removed her jeans, exposing her curvaceous body and dark blue panties. She knelt, her hands between her legs, staring up at Daisy resentfully.
"Read the next one," Daisy said. Vanessa took the paper.
"Pour the oil over yourself and massage it in," she grated.
Daisy nodded. Vanessa, grimacing, took the oil bottle, lifted it over her head and tilted it. The golden oil slicked over her face and hair and she hissed between her teeth as it ran in rivulets down into her deep cleavage and over her belly. Daisy remorselessly kept on pouring until the bottle was empty, and meanwhile Vanessa, whimpering quietly, massaged the oil into herself, although most of it pooled on the floor. When the last drops had fallen from the bottle, she blinked again and stared up at Daisy with something like a beseeching look in her eyes.
"Please don't make me do this," she said.
"Shut up," said Daisy. "What's next?" Trembling, Vanessa leaned over and picked up the now grubby and stained piece of paper. She squinted at it.
"Ohhh . . . " she said. "Um, empty the bowl of cake batter over your face."
"On you go," said Daisy. Vanessa wiped her oily hands with a piece of kitchen towel, leaned forward and picked up a bowl brimming with yellow cake batter. Her hair was slick and oily and her body glistened. She raised the bowl over her head.
"Hold it there," said Daisy, reaching behind her for something. Obediently, Vanessa froze, her arms quivering slightly. Then Daisy gestured for her to continue, and Vanessa shut her eyes and poured the yellow gunge over her forehead. She gave little shocked gasps as it slid down her face, but then even as it was cascading over her face and breasts, Daisy leaned down and quickly and efficiently snipped at the straps and back of Vanessa's bra, cutting it off. Vanessa felt the halves of it falling off her and she flinched as she felt her breasts being exposed, but then Daisy took the bowl from her and leaned over and pulled back the waistband of Vanessa's briefs and poured it inside, behind her, so that she gasped again with the cold and the feel of the gunge filling her pants.
Vanessa folded her arms over her breasts and Daisy put down the bowl and pulled Vanessa's arms aside, forcing her to expose herself. Vanessa leaned back, submitting, and Daisy pulled open the front of Vanessa's briefs and poured the last of the yellow cake batter inside, over the other girl's groin. Vanessa whimpered.
Now Vanessa was thoroughly coated in yellow gunge, and Daisy took charge. She picked
up the paper and Vanessa knelt, still, half-naked and quite humiliated.
I was still trussed-up, naked and lying on my belly on the bed, watching, and I was rock hard at the sight of Vanessa's humiliation.
"You must dunk your head in the chocolate at least twenty-four times," Daisy read, "and after the first dunk, any other person is at liberty to do anything to you."
Vanessa wiped her face and breathed deeply as Daisy brought up the deep bucket of thick chocolate cake batter, and then she barely had time to get used to it before Daisy pushed her on all fours and then grasped the back of Vanessa's neck and shoved her head deep into the bucket, so that the batter welled up around the base of Vanessa's skull and oozed over the sides. There was a muffled moan. Daisy counted to three and pulled Vanessa up again.
Now Vanessa's head and face were thickly caked in brown gunge, and she was wearing only her briefs, her exposed flesh glistening with oil and porridge and cake batter, her breasts and torso coated with yellow sludge. She was shaking. She breathed deeply on her hands and knees and turned her blinded face to me, and at the camera, then wiped the chocolate gunge out of her eyes and sighed. This was much more than she'd bargained for at the beginning of this whole project. She'd never dreamed that she would be the star of the final sequence, the classic haughty woman brought down.
"Hold the bucket," Daisy said quietly but firmly, "and put your head in again."
Vanessa just nodded dumbly and she bent over the bucket, clutching it, took some deep breaths and slowly pushed her head deep into it once more.
Daisy waited until Vanessa's head was engulfed by the chocolate goo, and then she
reached down and unhurriedly pulled down the waistband of Vanessa's briefs, uncovering first her soft, round buttocks and arse, and then sliding them down Vanessa's filthy thighs, stripping her director naked. Vanessa made a thick, gurgling whimper of protest but kept her head in the bucket and even raised her knees to let Daisy take her briefs off her. Daisy pulled the sodden briefs off Vanessa's feet, and then Vanessa raised her head, pulling the bucket off her because suction was keeping it on her, and she emerged, chocolate cake batter dripping thickly off her face, her hair now matted and slick under the coating of slime, her body finally naked.
That was when the power imbalance between Vanessa and the rest of us finally levelled out. Now Vanessa was just one of us, another filthy naked gunge bitch on this movie. She breathed deeply and just submitted with impressive docility as Daisy forced her head back into the bucket again and again, taking her out, pushing her back in, taking her out again, until Vanessa was a nude, gasping, broken slave, kneeling before her imperious mistress.
After the twenty-five dunkings, Daisy let go of Vanessa and said "Now, lie on your back and touch yourself."
"Oh god . . . " Vanessa moaned as she gingerly lay on her back in the pool of filthy, oily, chocolately sludge on the floor, but true to form she lay there and one hand reached between her thighs and the other stroked her breasts while Daisy gathered up as much gunge as she could in the bucket.
Then, even while Vanessa was stroking her slimy labia and making little whimpers of genuine arousal, Daisy poured the brimming contents of the bucket over her, starting between her breasts and working the stream upwards until it was splattering onto Vanessa's eyes and she was a barely recognisable gunge creature. Vanessa opened her mouth and the breath hissed through it. Daisy emptied the bucket and Vanessa spontaneously rolled onto her belly, rubbing her face and body into the muck and touching herself, her hips moving back and forth, her curvy body squirming with delicious disgust in the slime. I could see why Vanessa had been so aroused by the video we'd seen of a guy doing the exact same thing, as this was clearly a long-held fantasy of hers come true.
But even as Vanessa was making muffled moans and whimpers of pleasure, Daisy was determined not to let her off the hook so easily. She got Vanessa to kneel up and produced the final bucket, filled with fluffy shaving foam.
Vanessa looked over her shoulder at Daisy, desperate, and Daisy said "Yes, Vanessa, you've been bossing all of us, you've had everything your way, but it's your turn now, and I think you know that."
The line wasn't in the script, but not only was it true to the moment of the story, it was also true of Vanessa and all of us. She shuddered, kneeling naked and filthy on the floor, staring at the bucket of shaving foam.
"That's not all," said Daisy, and she opened the fly of her jeans and pulled out . . . an impressive strap-on dildo."
"Oh, god!" Vanessa moaned. "No!"
"Yes," said Daisy, pushing her sometime lover onto all fours, making her crouch, tilting the bucket.
"What are you gonna . . . " Vanessa blurted.
"You know where," Daisy said. "Where you always like to see it go."
"Oh no," Vanessa moaned, "please, not in my . . . not there, I can't, I don't want to-"
Daisy grabbed the bucket and forced Vanessa down to lie prone, pulling the bucket onto
Vanessa's head - it disappeared into the bucket of shaving foam and her naked body slithered into the prone position even as Daisy mounted her hips, and as Daisy swiftly manoeuvred the tip of the dildo into position, we heard only muffled, panicky moans and little squeals from Vanessa, before Daisy, with a gasp, eased her hips forward and there came a series of gurgling, muffled "UNH! UNH! UNH!" noises from Vanessa as Daisy penetrated Vanessa's anus, the shaft of the dildo sliding through the lubricated aperture deep into Vanessa's virgin rectum.
Vanessa scrabbled helplessly at the floor and squirmed, squealing, as Daisy firmly and remorselessly sodomised her, an act which was made even more humiliating by the foamy bucket stuck over Vanessa's head as she sprawled nude and filthy beneath the younger girl, the shaft of the dildo pushing deep between Vanessa's round buttocks. I knew, we all knew, with the possible exception of Daisy, what Vanessa was feeling right then - the exquisite shame and humiliation of being ass-fucked in front of your friends coupled with the overpowering sensation of having a foreign object using your asshole for the purpose of arousal. And Daisy was really giving it to her, taking out the humiliation and frustration of a long and trying shoot by brutally fucking Vanessa up her bum.
Vanessa thrashed, briefly, making spluttering and gasping sounds, and she made a feeble but useless effort to remove the bucket from her head, but then Daisy was cumming, ecstatic, and Vanessa moaned thickly and squirmed in helpless arousal as she was comprehensively butt-fucked. Then she lay still, her head still inside the foam-filled bucket, prone and naked, just her chest heaving to show that she was still alive and could breathe.
Daisy gently pulled out of her and looked down at Vanessa, naked and sodomised and defeated, and then she quickly tore off her own clothes, which she'd kept on throughout - although she retained the strap-on. Naked apart from the pink plastic penis swinging between her legs, pink and clean, she ran over to me and leapt on the bed.
We cut to let her give the dildo a wipe and we thought to consult Vanessa, but she was still coming down from her first ever bum-fucking. Then Kelly and Daisy and I pressed on with the final scene. Daisy kissed me all over and we rejoiced that we'd defeated my evil ex - and then Daisy announced that at last we were ready to do what I hadn't wanted to do originally.
And then a muffled voice cried "Cut!"
We looked over. Vanessa slowly withdrew her head from the bucket, sat up, wiped the thick layers of gunge and foam out of her face, stood up, gingerly, a naked and filthy madonna to all of us, and announced "I've got an idea."
Vanessa explained the idea. Kelly agreed that it was feasible, although we were all exhausted; Vanessa promised that the drinks were on her if we could get the shot before nightfall.
We all helped with the rigging, under Kelly's instructions. And then, Vanessa stood behind Kelly - the two of them still naked and filthy - and I lay on the bed, likewise naked, as Daisy - wearing only the strap-on - got on it too.
The camera rolled.
Daisy looked down at me gleefully.
"At last," she purred, "just you and me."
"I've waited so long," I panted.
"And at last," she said, "you're ready." She pointed to the dildo. My eyes widened, I blushed and smiled.
"I'm ready," I murmured.
She quickly untrussed me, rolled me on my back and then tied my wrists to the bedposts. I was naked beneath her. She lay on me and we kissed, squirming.
It was the final sex scene in The Film, and we did our best to make it good. Vanessa's idea topped it off beautifully. Soon, Daisy and I were getting very hot and bothered and I was dying to enter her, but that wasn't what the scene was about.
"I'm going it do it, darling," she whispered, and she raised my legs up, smearing my exposed ass with lube. Then, as we stared into each other's eyes, she slowly but carefully worked the dildo up against my anus and pushed. I gasped and bit my lip and then I made myself relax. Daisy was being the man, I was her girl; her lithe naked body was strong and beautiful and her round innocent face was flushed and shining as she penetrated me. I shut my eyes and moaned as the dildo sank deep into my arse.
Daisy shut her eyes too and pumped, the other end of the dildo pushing into her vulva, and she pumped my ass slowly and deeply. Kelly told me later it was her favourite scene in the movie. My cock was rock-hard and as Daisy pushed deeper I couldn't help it but came, gasping, my cum splashing on Daisy's belly and my own.
"Ooohh, yes," I moaned. "Oh, yeah . . . mmm . . . oooh . . . "
And then the camera caught why I was making an extra series of aroused moans even after I'd came; the flower was descending over my head, and I thought it was Daisy doing something with a blindfold. I moaned as it worked its way down my face, covering my eyes. Daisy thought I was just being extra-aroused, and she kept her eyes shut.
Vanessa, on a second camera, caught the tendrils quietly and gently twining themselves around Daisy's naked hips and torso.
Then Daisy opened her eyes to look down at me fondly - and her eyes went wide with horror.
"Oh my god!" she cried. "No!"
"What?" I said, and then as I opened my eyes and realised what was happening to me, I thrashed my head, trying to get the flower off me. It just sank lower, covering my nose, and then as I moaned "No! No! Ohh god! Please! NO!" it covered my mouth and then closed over the top of my neck, so that as I began to scream in terror, my screams were muffled.
Daisy tried to get off me, but the plant had her in place, and was forcing her hips to pump into mine. I was squirming and thrashing beneath her but then the flower covering my head began to leak copious amounts of white fluid, and my thrashing became weaker as I was slowly suffocated. Daisy, horrified and appalled as she was made to continue to fuck my senseless body, felt the vines crawling up her chest and neck and entering her mouth. She tried to spit them out, but they began to fill her mouth with white fluid and she gasped and squealed and made choked screams as it dribbled down her chin. And then they were holding her head in place and she could only look up and moan in horror as the second flower came lower . . . lower . . . and touched her head, moving down, the fat petals sliding down Daisy's forehead, the white fluid beginning to trickle down her face as it covered her eyes . . .
"No . . . " she sobbed, "no . . . oh please . . . no . . . .ooooh . . . UNH! UUNHH! AAAAAUUUHH! AAAUUUHH!"
Her body jolted as a vine pushed between Daisy's tight buttocks and entered her, and she made guttural howls of torment as the plant occupied her, the vine slithering deep inside her arse, the flower slowly working its way down her head, covering her nose as she twitched and writhed, her arms held to her sides, her breasts shaking.
"OOOOOH!" she squealed as it slid down, "PLEEEEEASE! AAAAUUUUGHHH! AAAA-MMMMFFFFF . . . ."
And then it had covered Daisy's head, and the white fluid exploded down over her shoulders, drowning her even as she came. And then Daisy and I were just two inert and neutralised seed-pods, still naked and twitching on the bed, as the plant inseminated us. Its seeds would use us for protein.
The penultimate shot was of Vanessa, prone, naked and filthy on the floor, her head still deep in the foam-filled bucket - as if she were coming to, her hand moved slightly, and she reached weakly up to take the bucket off, but then the vines were wrapping around her legs, and we heard a muffled whimper and squeal, and then we saw her hand flinch, sag and fall to the floor, inert.
The final shot was an overhead one; Daisy and I naked and locked together on the bed, our heads encased in the flower buds, both of us nothing but naked and dead receptacles for the plant's seed; Kelly naked on the floor, her upper body buried under a thick crust of dried white gunge, fatally ruptured by the plant raping her; Vanessa naked and dead with her head in the bucket, the vines already pushed up between her thighs and bare buttocks, her body twitching gently as they seeded her.
Then Vanessa made her last, muffled "Cut!" and we all got up, pulling the vines out of us and off us, and Vanessa muttered tiredly 'that's a wrap," and at long last we embraced, us four friends, naked and filthy in the room.
We did our best to clean up; it helped that we'd laid down tarps and towels everywhere. When the room was presentable again, the four of us headed for the shower together, aching and spent. We washed ourselves off, got dressed and then went out into the night streets, bonded by the common ordeal we'd put ourselves through.
We went to a Chinese restaurant and stuffed ourselves, then went to the bar where friends met us and asked how the film was going. We were non-committal. We were wondering whether or not we had the courage to actually tell anyone about the film, or show it to anyone.
We all got fairly drunk and took a taxi back to Vanessa's. Perhaps it was the food or the drink or the relief that we had finally finished, but when we were all sitting around in Vanessa's living room, it didn't take long before Daisy and Kelly were snogging quietly. Then Kelly stood up and Daisy did too, blushing, and they said goodnight and hugged Vanessa and I, and Kelly led Daisy off to the spare room.
"I'm amazed they have any energy left," said Vanessa. "God. I'm so tired I can hardly speak."
She looked drained; her smooth face with its long intelligent nose was pale, and she had dark circles beneath her eyes. I reflected that she'd watched me being sodomised three times, and I'd seen it happen to her once. We had little to hide from each other.
"Me too," I said.
"I've loved doing this," she said. "Thank you. You were so brave. It was inspiring."
"I think we blackmailed you, in the end," I said.
"I needed it," she said. "I needed to be pushed. I want to do something else with you. I mean, if you want to. Later. A live art thing."
"Okay," I said.
"Right now, though," she said, "I want something else."
"What's that?" I said.
Vanessa stared at her wine glass for a long moment, and then stared at me with a cool, appraising gaze I'd never seen before. We looked at each other for a long moment.
I got up, went over to her and held out my hand. She took it and I pulled her to her feet, and then she and I kissed, long and slow. I held her unfamiliar body, feeling her heavy breasts against me.
"I didn't think you liked men," I said.
"I like you," she said.
She took my hand and led me into the bedroom. When we were in there, she shut the door, still cool and calm in her thick jumper and jeans - only her flushed face betrayed how excited she was - and she sat on the bed and looked at me.
"Alex," she said, "why don't you take off your clothes?"
"Why?"
"I want to see you naked."
"You've seen me naked several times, now."
"That was work. I want to see you naked just here with me."
"I will if you will."
She shook he head. "Mm-mm. I want you to be naked."
"And you always get what you want."
"No, not quite. I just don't ask for things that I think I won't get."
I regarded Vanessa coolly. Tired as we were, there was a new and electric tension in the air. I had known that Vanessa was interested in girls, or at least she'd been interested in Daisy and Kelly. As we'd walked to her bedroom, we'd overheard the sighs and creaking of the bed in their room. There was no doubt that Daisy and Kelly had got back together, and were having sex. But now Vanessa seemed to be interested in me.
I held her gaze and quickly took off all my clothes, first my shirt and t-shirt, then my socks, my cargos and finally my boxers, and I tossed them onto a chair and stood before her, nude, taking my weight on one leg, the other one slightly relaxed, in a consciously classical pose. I blushed anyway.
Vanessa looked at me for a long, long moment - it was strange how she was in yet another of her sensible woolly jumpers and jeans, while I was naked, almost as if the saturnalia of the day's shoot, and indeed the whole film, hadn't happened.
Finally she said "You know, you have a gorgeous body, Alex."
"I don't think so," I said.
"I do," she said.
"I'm too skinny," I said, straightening up a little.
"You're a little bit skinny but you have a fantastic ass. You know one of the reasons why I wanted to make this film in the first place?"
"Why?"
"Come and lie here with me," she said, getting up on the bed and lying on it and patting the half next to her. I walked over and got on the bed and lay on my belly, rather coyly, and smiled at her with a mixture of bravado and embarrassment.
She smiled back, with incredible coolness.
"Tell me why you wanted to make this film," I said.
"Well, I really wanted you in it," she admitted. "I was desperately hoping you'd step up. Cause one of the things I really wanted to do was get you to do a nude scene. You know, you have what I'd consider to be the ideal guy's body."
"How's that?" I asked, delighted with this flattery. Vanessa leaned her head on one hand and caressed my bare leg and hip and flank with the other.
"Lean and not too big, not all muscles, but with a really cute ass and a nice cock."
"Thank you."
"I honestly had no idea that you were gonna end up doing what you ended up doing," she said. "I swear."
"It's been . . . very intense indeed," I admitted.
"Are you really pissed off with me?" she asked, almost timidly.
I laughed.
"Vanessa," I said, "if I were really pissed off with you, do you think I'd be lying on your bed totally naked, and not even insisting that you got naked as well?"
"You've seen me naked," she said irritably.
"That was work."
"Yes," she acknowledged.
"We were all pissed off with you, to begin with," I said. Vanessa stared at the bedspread.
"You were so above it all," I went on. "You acted all the superior director, but we knew you were getting off on it. We all knew you were as aroused as we were. We were just annoyed that you didn't put your body where your mouth was."
"I did today," she said quietly.
"You did today," I agreed. "Today we finally became a crew. Pity it was the last day of the shoot."
"That's why it can't end here," said Vanessa. "We have to do something else, the four of us. Something live, this time. In front of people."
"You said."
"Yes." She was silent. Then she looked up at me intently.
"I want to ask you about something," she said. "And if you don't want to talk about it, tell me. But I wish you would."
"Ask away."
"What was it like with John?" she asked.
I thought about it. Vanessa's caressing of my flank and thigh was regular and steady.
"It wasn't like anything else," I said. "It was way more physical than with the plant scene."
"Describe it."
"Describe what?"
"Describe what it was like," she whispered, "when he fucked you."
"It's . . . scary. And it hurts. Having a live person up there. You feel like you're being pierced by another person. It's very, very intimate."
Vanessa was now lying on her back, looking up at me, her eyes soft, her lips parted, as she listened to me.
"At first it was the machine," I said. 'that was different. It was impersonal and humiliating and mechanical but you didn't feel the emotion so much. And then when John began to fuck me . . . it was much more serious. It was like wrestling, like being owned by someone."
I reached down and took the hem of Vanessa's jumper and she raised her arms. I pulled
it off her. Beneath it, she was wearing a dark blue bra. I began to unbutton her jeans.
"So first you let him fuck you with the machine," she murmured, "and then you felt him mount you."
"Yeah."
"You felt his cock pushing your bum cheeks apart."
"Yes," I said, sliding Vanessa's jeans down her legs and off. I pulled her socks off too.
Now she was just in bra and pants. She rolled me onto my side, took my cock in her hand and began to pull on it. I gasped.
"Then you felt him touching your asshole," she breathed.
"Oooh . . . yes," I gasped.
"And then he pushed right inside you," she said, reaching around behind me and stroking me between my ass cheeks. "You let a man fuck you up the ass in front of us. You didn't think we would think you're gay? Are you sure you're not?"
"When I walk down the street," I said softly, "I don't look at guy's asses. I look at girls"."
"You have a thing about asses," she said.
"Yes."
"Me too. I loved finding excuses to fuck you up the arse. You're so beautiful when someone's doing that to you."
"Thank you," I said.
"But if you think I'm gonna consent to let you do that to me," she said, "forget it."
"I understand," I said. Vanessa's fingers were all over my most secret places, and I reached down and took her hands and removed them from me. Then I reached behind her and deftly unclipped her bra. She looked up at me, looking scared and young. I took her bra off, revealing her heavy, deep breasts with broad aureoles on the nipples.
"I would never say yes to anyone doing that to me, she said.
"I understand," I reassured her.
"So what would you do to me?" she asked with a nervous tremor in her voice.
"What would I do to you?"
"Yes," she said as I poised myself above her, looking down at her soft, curvaceous, sexy body, with just her blue briefs between me and her.
"I wouldn't wait for you to say yes," I said, and I yanked her briefs down over her hips, exposing her groin and her broad patch of dark pubic hair. She yelped and made to grab her panties. I pulled them further down, stripping Vanessa naked, and she grappled with me. We fought. She hauled on my cock and I obstinately kept two fingers stroking her wet labia, and then as she stared up at me, cursing, furious, I positioned myself and slid my cock into her vagina.
"OooHHH!" she moaned, closing her eyes and opening them again and staring at me with a mixture of lust and resentment. Then I started to fuck her, and Vanessa's anger began to melt and she shut her eyes and her body shook with my thrusts and she bit her lip and moaned "Ooooh . . . ooooh . . . oooh . . . " as I slid my cock deep inside her vulva and almost out again, and then again, and again, and again.
"But . . . " she gasped, "however much I gave in to you . . . I'd never give my consent to let you . . . auuunnhh . . . to let you . . . let you do . . . you know what . . . "
"What?" I asked.
"You know," she hissed.
I kissed her and we grabbed each other and kissed, deeply, passionately, long and slow, sealing the understanding we were forming with each other, the bond of wary trust and affection and desire, and then I was collecting her juice with my hand and stroking her between her legs, and she was so wet I could hardly keep my cock in her - and then, as I felt her cumming, burying her face in my neck and then stretching and grimacing and making loud moans, even while the orgasm was still coming through her, I pulled out and quickly rolled her onto her belly and mounted her plump hips.
"Relax," I hissed in her ear and she squealed "Oh NO! Oh god PLEASE!" and then "AAAUNNNGGGHHHH!" as I swiftly and not too gently pushed my slick cock into Vanessa's slippery, fairly well-lubricated arse.
She sprawled beneath me, her mouth stuck open in a soundless scream, as I buggered her, holding her tits, humping her ass, and then putting my hands over her eyes and shoving my cock into her tight rear aperture. "UUUiiNNHH!" she squealed, very like a pig. "UUiiNNHH! UUiiNNHH! Oh FUCK . . . "
I looked down at Vanessa, so intelligent and educated and proud of her womanhood and competent and cool, and now squirming beneath me, impaled by her ass on my cock, and I clasped her face and pushed my hips into hers as her pig-like squealing became a low howl of submission, and I felt my cock pumping semen deep into her rectum, as I reached beneath her and felt her labia spasming as another orgasm tore through her.
Then, after I'd come inside Vanessa's arse, I sagged on her and she went limp and passive, and I gingerly withdrew from her, rolled off her and turned to face her, brushing back the damp curly hair from her red and sweating face.
One blue eye was wide open, staring at me. She reached up and grabbed my hand. I clutched it. She rolled onto her side and held out her arms and we embraced. She was trembling.
"Oh god," she panted into my ear, "you d-do realise you just . . . you just raped me in my ass."
"Yes," I said. "Because you did it to me."
"Yes," she said in a half-sob.
We held each other for a long time, our naked bodies touching, and after a while we slept.
I woke up the next morning to find myself wedged behind Vanessa, my cock nestling neatly in the cleft of her bum, my arm flung over her. I opened my eyes - and saw Daisy in t-shirt and panties rummaging in a cupboard. She glanced over at me, caught my eye, beamed and gave me a huge thumbs-up before tiptoeing out of the room.
I went back to sleep.
***
And that's how Vanessa and I became the least likely couple - the uptight intellectual lesbian and the uptight intellectual straight guy. Vanessa pronounced that "lesbian" was an adjective for a certain kind of behaviour and there was no contradiction in her falling in love with me. I said pretty much the same thing. And at night, in bed, we found that we had an almost endless choice of role to play. Sometimes we were the straight couple, having missionary sex. Sometimes we were the domme and her boi, with Vanessa borrowing a strap-on to fuck me. Sometimes, especially after a day when she'd been telling other people what to do, she would get into her darkest mood and then she would want to play the victim and have her choice taken away, and be degraded and used. And sometimes, which were maybe our happiest times, we seemed to be all sexes at once, and there was no limit to what would go where and who would stick what in which orifice.
And, yes, Vanessa finally came up with the project we could after The Film. The live art project that would involve us all.