"Shake it off! Shake it off!"
Taylor danced around in her skimpy red skirt and yellow top at her Paris concert, swaying her sexy hips as she twirled around to the tune of the song while the crowd went wild. They were all there for her. Tens of thousands of people cheering for her, listening and jumping up and down to her music. Taylor had become the most famous and desirable woman on planet Earth. She was on top of the world. Rich, famous, and beautiful. Life was good. Taylor Swift was in her prime. Nothing on Earth could stop her. When they're that unstoppable, a girl gets bored.
And when a girl gets bored, a gets naughty.
"Haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate! I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shame it off! Woo!"
As Taylor shook her tight ass onstage, teasing the audience with what was under her tiny red skirt, a lewd grin crossed her face as she brought one hand upwards, grasping loosely onto the thin fabric and pulling it upwards. Everyone watching didn't even know how to react when Taylor flashed her naked ass for just the briefest of moments, before the skirt fell back down at her waist.
"Holy shit," said Hayley Williams, who had opened up for them that night and was watching from backstage. She turned to her band mates next to her, ""id you guys just see that?!"
"Yeah, I saw it," said a gaping Zac. "Taylor just showed her ass! Was that on purpose?"
"Had to be, I mean, fuck, she's not wearing any underwear!" Hayley said back.
Taylor just kept on going, continuing to shake her hips, but this time she hiked up her flowing red skirt just a bit. Enough for everyone below to peek up and see her exposed rear while her skirt swayed and floated around her from her rapid movements. Some of the crowd gasped, others cheered, as Taylor was giving the audience quite the unexpected show.
"Shake it off! Shake it off!"
Taylor sung on while she exposed herself, pivoting her hips sharply left to right, shamelessly showing off her perfect, perky ass.
"Jesus Christ," Hayley bit down on her lip, feeling a wetness between her legs. "This is so fucking hot."
"Easy, girl," said Taylor York.
Taylor then twirled around, acting as if all this was just normal, smiling broadly as she strutted right down the walkway, dragging her skirt just over her groin to give the audience the briefest glimpse of her tight, blonde cunt, before the frilly cloth fell away once more. The crowd roared in either appreciation or pure astonishment at the erotic display. Taylor came to the edge, returning to swaying her lovely hips so everyone below her could see up exposed vagina up her bare skirt. Photographs were taken and videos were recorded of Taylor shaking her bare ass on stage for all to see. At the end of the song, Taylor bent herself over, managing to keep standing while her head came in between her legs, smirking lewdly at the crowd with her upside face, naked ass and tiny pink cunt all in the same frame. To top if all off, she pulled her top up to let her perfect tits spill out and hang free in the open sir.
"Shake it off! Woo!"
Haley's mouth fell wide open, her own cunt wet and wanting attention. "Holy. Fucking. Shit. She's lost her fucking mind."
After the show, Taylor invited Hayley and the rest of Paramore for drinks and champagne in her extra long stretch limo. Because if revealing display, the invitation was met with both eagerness and anxiety. The ride was awkward at first, to say the least. No one wanted to address the elephant on the room. Taylor was just carrying on casually, like she hasn't just exposed her naked body to the entire world. Like pictures of her ass, tits, and vagina wouldn't be all over the internet for the rest of time. Taylor's legs were tightly crossed, but she was still wearing the same skirt as she was when she was on stage. Whether or not she had put any panties on, the band had no idea.
"Okay, Taylor, I'm sorry, but what the fuck was that about?" Hayley asked, who was sitting at the very end of the limo, perpendicular to her band on the right and Taylor on the left.
"What do you mean?" Taylor asked coyly, barring her eyelashes with a glass of champagne in one hand
"You know what I mean," Hayley said. "You just flashed the whole world! I mean, like, di you have any idea what people are gonna say about you now?"
"Oh? What do you think they're going to say?" Taylor asked, looking into Hayley's eyes while she scooted herself closer, until she was right up next to her. The knees were nearly touching. Taylor bit her bottom lip, scanning her friend's sexy figure head to toe. Her legs were no longer crossed, but held tightly enough together the band couldn't see up her skirt quite yet.
Hayley blushed, taken aback by the sudden, seemingly sultry advance. The rest of the band stared on in anticipation, their cocks already beginning to rise. Hayley swallowed, trying to contain herself.
"Well, I mean, they'll say mean things about you," Hayley said, eyes darting away from her strangely seductive friend. "Like, like..."
"Like what?" Taylor asked again, leaning her head in closer so her lips were mere inches away from the quivering Hayley's. "That I'm some kind of... slut? A naughty whore?" Taylor said, parting her legs every so slightly.
The band's eyes widened. Taylor was indeed, still not wearing any panties. They could see up her skirt, enough to spot her neatly trimmed, blonde bush, but not her womanhood. Not yet.
"Jesus," Zac gaped, not even bothering to hide he was peeking.
Taylor didn't seem to mind. Her focus was on Hayley. Taylor popped her lips, staring at her longtime friend with clear bedroom eyes. She boldly raised on hand up to Hayley's breast, earning am astonished gasp from her fellow singer.
"T-taylor, what are you doing? I... my boyfriend is right there," said Hayley.
Taylor Swift tilted her head with a sly smirk, "I don't hear him complaining, do you?" she said, giving Hayley's tit a good squeeze, spreading her legs a bit further again. "You've always had such a hot, tight little body, Hayley. I've wanted you for so long, baby."
Fuck, Taylor's cunt was right there. Her pink lips shrouded by the shadow cast by her tiny skirt. Taylor leaned in, locking lips with Hayley Williams. Hayley's eyes shot wide as she felt Taylor's tongue against hers, but Taylor's lips were so fucking soft. They tasted like cherries. Taylor York just watched his girlfriend make out with Taylor Swift with a disbelieving stare. Hayley's own eyes narrowed and began to glaze over, her mind growing foggy as lust took over. Hayley broke the kiss while she still had some mental faculties.
"I don't understand, w-what about Travis?" Hayley asked, her pussy absolutely soaked in those tight denim shorts of hers.
"Travis?" Taylor repeated with a giggle. "Do you really wanna about Travis, honey? Or do you fuck me? Have a foursome with me and your band?"
Hayley was flushed beyond belief. Her shorts were absolutely drenched. Her nipples were erect and sensitive as can be. Her eyes darted over to her bandmates. Of course they would have no objections. They would both be jumping at the chance to fuck both her and Taylor at the same time. Boys will be boys, but she had to admit, she wanted to fuck Taylor just as much as they did. Maybe even more. The hot and bothered Hayley Williams stared into Taylor's eyes while her vagina's fluids were creating a wet spot beneath her bottom on the fins leather seats. Hayley couldn't take it. Taylor Swift was just too fucking sexy. She wasn't sure what had happened to Taylor, if she was always this much of a slut or if something had changed, but she didn't care. She wanted to get her lips on that pretty face pussy of hers.
"Oh, fuck it," Hayley swore, wrapping her arm around Taylor's neck and pulling her into another steamy, tongue-filled kiss.
Taylor moaned into her friend's mouth like a shameless whore, spreading her legs now to fully expose her soaked sex to the eager boys. Zac and Taylor York's eyes were glued to the singer's tight cunt as they unzipped their pants. Meanwhile, Taylor Swift helped Hayley out of her white tank top, pulling it over her head go leave her in just a tight bra. Hayley reached around her back, unblinking the restrictive garment to let it fall around her waist, revealing her modest, but absolutely lovely and perky breasts.
"Oh, fuck, kiss me, you beautiful fucking slut," Hayley groaned.
"Mmmm, don't mind if I do," Tayor hummed, pushing Hayley over on her back and climbing on top of her as they continued their lesbian make-out session.
Taylor hiked up her skirt and angled her bare ass and cunt in the boy's direction, shaking her ass invitingly. Her vaginal lips were peaking at them through her slender, long legs. Taylor York needed no further invitation. He climbed up on the seat behind Taylor Swift, cock out, grabbing a firm hold of her curvy hips while Swift unbuttoned Taylor's shorts and dragged them down her pale, creamy legs along with her underwear, leaving Hayley totally naked except for her sneakers. York lined up his tip with Swift's drenched folds, then pushed himself inside. Taylor threw her head back, letting out a sweet, pleasured sigh as she felt the man's cock fill her up and bottom out inside her 34-year old cunt.
"Mmmm, fuck. That's some good dick," Taylor hummed, feeling his tip prodding against the entrance to her womb.
She lifted her top over her head and flung it across the limo to let her beautiful breasts bounce free. York started thrusting in and out of the pop princess just as Swift spread Hayley's legs and dived between them. Williams's eyes rolled back in her head when she felt Taylor's tongue pierce her vaginal lips and delve deep inside. Hayley's jaw fell slack as she moaned low, wanton moans, more than long enough for Zac Farro to stuff his cock inside his lead singer's warm, wet mouth. Taylor accepted her bandmate's offering, letting Zac's cock slide along her soft tongue and right on down her slender whore throat, until his balls his tip lodged itself deep in her gullet.
"Fuck, I've wanted this for so long, Hayley," Zac said, looking down upon the slutty rock singer with his whole cock in her mouth.
Hayley said something in response, but Zac could hardly make it out, her being so muffled by the meat stuck in her esophagus. He started pumping in and out of her throat while Hayley peered up at him with a set of lustful bedroom eyes. Taylor Swift was eating her pussy out like a pro while her boyfriend fucked the slutty starlet from behind, and Hayley's own mouth was filled with her long time friend's hard prick.
This was bliss.
Hayley let herself fall into a rhythm, her mind turning to mush as she was used and taken at both ends. She let go of her sense of dignity and morals, letting herself succumb to the temptations of shameless carnal pleasures just as Taylor had. Swift bounced her perfectly rounded ass back against York's groin, filling herself with juicy cock. Her tongue danced along the inside of Hayley's sex and along her vaginal lips. She leaned in to nibble on her hard clit like a mouse with a block of cheese. Hayley mewled and squirmed, feeling her cunt convulsed and cum all over Taylor's pretty face. York kept fucking Swift's heavenly pussy, smashing himself into her plump bubble butt with every movement. Taylor's ass rippled and bounced while she slurped up Hayley's feminine fluids and licked her vagina clean.
"Shit, your cum is so yummy, Hayley," Taylor cooed, licking her lips. She then turned herself around, making York stop fucking her so she could offer her ass in Hayley's direction. "Why don't you return the favor?"
Hayley sat herself up and turned around so she was lying on her back in the opposite direction, then scooted herself under Taylor and between her legs to get at her freshly fucked cunt. Swift gave York's cock a few licks before she pressed her luscious lips past his tip and dragged them down his shaft. Zac Farro nestled himself in between Hayley's legs and sheathed himself inside her impossibly tight, post orgasm cunt. Hayley let out a wonderfully whorish moan into Taylor's womanhood as her bandmate sank balls deep inside her.
Swift shook her ass playfully up and down on Hayley's nimble tongue, moaning like a cheap slut around the large cock stuffed in her skilled mouth. She bobbed her head back and forth on York's manhood, letting his bulge hollow out her right cheek before taking him to the root, until her dainty chin pushed up against his wrinkled sack. She rubbed her face on his crotch, her nostrils tickled by his many short-hairs. York's hands wandered downwards, threading his fingers into Swift's golden locks and latching on tight. She looked him in the eye as she deepthroated his cock like it was no task at all. Swift was a talented slut, that was for sure. It was only by a miracle she hadn't let her true self out before now. Now that she was this famous and successful, she figured she could do whatever she wanted, no matter how lecherous and depraved.
Zac Farro was just sawing in and out of his friend's warm and welcoming cunt. Finally, after all these years, he could know what it feels like in her cozy little pussy. She felt like heaven. Hayley couldn't believe she was doing this. She couldn't believe she was letting Zac fuck her brains out, or let her boyfriend fuck Taylor Swift. Taylor's pussy tasted so damn good though. She slithered her tongue deep inside her vaginal walls until she heard Taylor moan like the slut she was and cum hard on Hayley's face, just as Hayley had cum on hers. The sight of Hayley's visage sprayed with Taylor's juices must have been too much to bear for Zac, because the next second he exploded in Hayley's cunt and flooded her fertile womb. Hayley moaned and mewled, feeling her bandmate's sperm wash into and settle nicely in her uterus. The last to cum was Taylor York, but it wouldn't be long with Swift's talented tongue and lips hard at work.
Swift sighed in sweet contentment when she felt York's seed spill inside and fill her whore mouth. She hummed as she sucked down his virile seed, draining his balls for him like a good little slut. When she was sure he was bone dry, she let the man's cock fall from her mouth and grinned lewdly up at her new friend. Taylor's semen smeared smile almost made York faint, and he toppled over on his back against the seat, winded and tired just as Hayley and Zac were. Taylor licked her lips clean and took the same position she was in when this all started, legs crossed with a glass of champagne in one hand, only now she was totally naked. She gazed upon the exhausted, naked pop punk band, then took a sip of her drink.
"We should do this again sometime."