After the incredible experience at the beach, it seemed like an unspoken rule had been broken and now all I could think was the opportunities to share my wife, Kate, with as many strangers as possible. I had also learned to keep Kate in the constant state of horniness by giving her little to no orgasms during our play time. Her being horny meant that she was going to wear the skimpiest clothes and behave in the sluttiest possible way which is what I desired the most.
We did not feel the need to discuss her being openly fucked at the beach by a complete stranger, although it was the first of its kind experience for us. I was a bit worried in the start that this might have been a chance encounter and it might not happen again. But to my surprise, Kate had gotten more confident in flirting with other men and her wardrobe had gotten even bolder. In fact, the day after the beach experience, Kate spend hours shopping online while I worked on plans to build a swimming pool in our front lawn. She even asked for my advice a few times and I couldn't help but notice that most of the dresses and bikinis she was ordering had 'see-through' or 'sheer' tags other than being short and skimpy.
A week after the beach day, we were woken up early in the morning by the bell ringing. Kate sprang up and almost ran to the door in her trademark G-string panties. I saw her bouncing tits with puffed up nipples and wondered if she was going to open the door with her tits on full display. I didn't have to think for very long as she turned around and gestured me to come and watch. I got up and followed her downstairs, all the time looking at her extremely tempting ass cheeks with a string disappearing in the middle.
Sitting on the sofa I positioned myself in a way that I had the full unobstructed view of the entrance and took out my rapidly hardening cock with apprehension. The prospect of Kate showing her tits to a stranger had gotten me extremely excited and I was sure she was feeling the same as she opened the door.
"Oh hi, Good morning, yes I can take that," Kate said taking the box from the delivery guy.
He was bit older, probably in mid-50's, but had a large grin on his face as he ogled Kate's tits unabashedly. Moving a little closer he asked her to sign on the device without taking eyes off her hard nipples. Kate leaned in a bit and with one hand made signature as she was still holding the box with the other. I was happy to see that she held the box away from her succulent tits and kept giving an unobstructed view to the delivery man without a sign of embarrassment or shyness.
"Good day to you Ms," he eyed her lustfully and left with a final glance.
Kate closed the door and started opening the box with excitement while I put my softening cock back in the boxers and thought about the day's schedule. It was again going to be one of those extremely hot summer days with unholy temperatures. We were going to Kate's annual office party in the evening but there was a lot to do before that. Some builders were coming over to start digging and working on the pool. Also Lucy, Kate's office colleague, was coming with her boyfriend Oliver to choose dresses for the evening and go for the shopping if needed.
Lucy was a classic office bimbo and it was known that she had slept with most of the higher management to get to the position of executive secretary. She had spent a lot of money on her face and tits and result was a hot perfection that is not very common. With extremely sharp facial features, E cup tits with no sag and an ass to die for, she looked just like a porn star. I had seen her a few times in the office attire with short skirts and white transparent shirts which were a size too small for her huge tits covered in lacy bras. On top of that she had a very 'touch and feel' open attitude as she gave me big hugs whenever we met and always flirted touching me wherever she could while making conversation. I had jerked off a few times imaging fucking her tits and cuming on her perfect face and even encouraged Kate to invite her to the house for dinner etc. But she had always refused to be friends with Lucy on the account of her being the office slut and her asshole boyfriend Oliver.
Oliver was a typical fuck boy, always trying to flirt and seduce any female he laid his eyes on. He had inherited a lot of money from his family and instead of doing any work, he had made working out his only job. Spending hours in the gym everyday had resulted in him being very muscular and he would show them off any chance he could get. Kate had told me that he had tried to seduce her a few times and even suggested threesome with him & Lucy but she had always rejected the offer.
This sudden invitation to Lucy and Oliver had told me that something had changed and maybe Kate was ok hanging with them. I started thinking of all sorts of possibilities with Lucy and felt my cock twitching as it grew semi-hard. But then my mind jumped to Kate and Oliver being together and, to my surprise, blood rushed to my cock making it fully erect.
I was pulled out of my train of thought as the bell rang again. Kate had already gone upstairs with the shipment of dresses and bikinis, so I pushed my rock hard dick back in the boxers and walked a bit before opening the door to make sure it is not that visible. A Hispanic looking muscular guy was standing there with some equipment.
"Hi, I am Alonzo. We are here to start digging for the pool."
I looked and there were 2 more guys shirtless standing and smoking in the back with a lot more machinery. I couldn't blame them as the day was already getting hotter and even I could feel beads of sweat on my neck.
"Hi Alonzo, yes you can start digging as planned. Please let me know if you need anything else."
Alonzo nodded his head and went back to his guys as I closed the door and went upstairs to see what Kate was up to. She was standing in the window overlooking the front garden but what surprised me was the bikini she was wearing. Hearing me approach she jumped a bit and turned around to present me with the skimpiest bikini I had ever seen.
The bottom was just a small patch made of thinnest black transparent material held on by the strings which disappeared completely in her ass cheeks. The patch hugged her pussy lips like second skin and left nothing to the imagination as I could see every detail of her pussy even at this distance. The top covered almost half of her boobs in the middle so the nipples were always covered. It was made of same material as the bottom though and I could see the nipples through the transparent cups of her bikini.
I was sure that the Spanish guys in the lawn must have seen her nipples poking through this obscene bikini top.
"Well what do you think?" she asked while modelling the bikini for me.
"Looks great honey and fits you perfectly," I answered imagining the looks that she will be getting from strangers on the beach.
"Oh that's great. I will take it to the party tonight. I wasn't sure if it was too bold but if you think it is fine then I guess I will go with it," she replied innocently.
Seeing the confused look on my face she continued, "Oh sorry I forgot to tell you. There is an exclusive beach themed after-party and Lucy has been kind enough to get the VIP passes for us."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Beach themed after-party in this bikini in front of her office colleagues was something that I could never have imagined a few weeks ago. It was good that I was also going and would be able to see all the reactions from her colleagues.
"That sounds amazing! Maybe I should also bring along my swimwear," I replied while thinking about Lucy and prospect of seeing her in the bikini.
"No need to worry about that, a new swimsuit for you already arrived with all the clothes," Kate said with a cheeky smile.
I was about to ask her which swimsuit but the bell rang again.
"I will give it to you later, don't worry about it. I think its Lucy and Oliver, let me get the door," Kate said hurriedly as she moved past me without even considering that she was practically wearing nothing.
I could not believe that my wife was going out in such an obscene bikini to greet Lucy and Oliver, not to mention the Spanish guys working outside. Supporting a massive hardon, I went to the window to get a good look, with my mind unable to think properly.
There was already a big hole in the center of the lawn since the digging had already started, with piles of sand on both sides. Kate had no choice but to jump over the hole to reach the main gate. Alonzo was on the on the other side of the pit, moving the sand pile with his muscular arms. At this point he had also removed his shirt and was covered in sweat and dirt from the ground. He stopped working when he saw Kate approaching and asked the other guys to stop the machine.
All of them had their hungry eyes over Kate's barely covered body roaming from her tits to her ass. Kate also sensed the intense gaze and I could see the colour rush to her face and back of her neck.
At this point I spit on my hand and started jerking off furiously giving well needed attention to my throbbing erection. I was sure Alonzo could see both her nipples and pussy clearly but the guys in the back could only see her barely covered ass cheeks. They moved a little bit closer and grabbed some water, just as an excuse, to be able to get a better look.
"Can you please help me with the hole?" Kate stammered while looking at Alonzo's sweat covered abs.
Alonzo dropped the shovel and held out his hand for her to grab on. Kate lunged forward while grabbing on his hand but she had misjudged the distance. Her right foot could not fully make the ground and as a reflex she put all her effort in to jumping forward. This resulted in her bumping straight in to Alonzo's out stretched arms and the force of jump sent both of them to the ground.
The consequent scene looked like straight out of some porn movie. Kate was lying on top of Alonzo with her face resting on his chest and legs spread wide open, while Alonzo was lying on the mud with his hands grabbing and pulling on Kate's both ass cheeks. I was able to see her puckered asshole from both sides of the almost non-existent string. I was sure that Alonzo's crew, who were standing a lot closer than me, had a pretty good view of her bald pussy and asshole as they stood there hypnotized, hungrily eyeing and staring at the sexy image.
My balls tightened and I could feel the orgasm building, seeing my wife spread open on the top of a stranger with her asshole spread open wide for anyone to look at. But then I heard a whistling sound from the main gate and had to stop right away. Both Lucy and Oliver were watching from above the gate what was happening in the garden and whistling sound came from Oliver as he tried to see as much of Kate as possible. Lucy on the other hand was looking in my direction with an amused expression and trying to make sense of what was happening.
After seeing them at the gate, Kate started laughing uncontrollably but she did not make any effort to move or cover herself. Seeing her laugh, Alonzo also started grinning and Oliver and Lucy joined in. After what seemed like an eternity Kate started getting up but she made sure that Alonzo gets to see her nipples up close and I could swear one of the nipples actually brushed his lips.
Finally, both of them were on their feet with Kate's ass and most of the body covered in mud and her bikini top gone fully transparent due to Alonzo's sweat. I could see Alonzo supporting a massive hard-on though his work pants and I am sure Kate must have felt it too.
"I am sorry for that," Kate said in a sheepish voice implying she shouldn't have made him fall all the while staring at his huge bulge. With that said she ran to the main gate and let Lucy and Oliver in.
"That was an incredible fall and save," Oliver joked as he squeezed the life out of Kate while giving her the hug. To my surprise Kate didn't mind the extra touch at all and just grinned while rubbing her thighs together as she led them in.
Alonzo looked up and gave me knowing look as he instructed his crew to get back to work. I quickly threw a shirt and shorts on and went downstairs to meet them, wondering if Lucy had seen me jerking off to Kate being exposed and if yes then how much?
I met Kate on the stairs and was greeted with exposed pussy lips and nipples as her bikini top and bottom both were completely transparent due to being wet. She looked like a sex goddess who could seduce down any man she wanted. I smiled at her gently giving her reassurance thinking what had suddenly gotten in to her.
Kate's flushed face glowed up like a rose and she grabbed my ass giving me a French kiss right there. Both Lucy and Oliver started applauding and finally she let go of me after making sure I had another boner.
I had no choice but to go downstairs and walk towards Lucy to greet her while pretending there was nothing wrong with my trunks. She got up and gave me a tight hug with her bare upper thigh pressed against my half hard cock. After a while she let me go and winked at me as I shook hands with Oliver.
Both of them were casually dressed for summer day. Oliver had a shorts and tight T-shirt on which was also a bit muddy due to hug with Kate. Lucy was wearing a thin and tight white dress which ended right at her upper thighs and hugged her curvy figure. I could easily make out huge nipples along with E-cup tits, through the dress which meant she wasn't wearing a bra. But knowing Lucy, this was probably quite a modest dress as it covered most of her body.
We made some small talk until Kate came down after taking a shower. She was wearing a new dress which had probably arrived with the morning shipment. It was a black strapless which hugged her body curves and was made of some sheer material although I couldn't see much of her skin. The length was extremely short and stopped right where her ass ended. But after the morning ordeal, it seemed like quite a modest dress even though I could make the shape of her tits and nipples meaning she wasn't wearing a bra and I was sure to catch the glimpse of her panties if she bent even a little bit. To go with the dress, she was wearing high heels with straps around her legs which gave her a hot and sexy look with long legs.
Lucy suggested she and Kate would go shopping to buy a party dress for her. I told them that I had to stay in the house to supervise the pool construction and maybe Oliver can give them a lift.
"Perfect!" Kate said in excitement as they all got up to leave.
Alonzo and his guys were taking a break and smoking in the corner. They looked in our general direction as we approached the dug up area. Suddenly I noticed that Kate's dress had gone almost transparent with sunlight shining on it. Blood rushed to my cock again as I could see most of her body along with everyone else there. But what surprised me the most was the absence of any panties under her dress. Going braless was one thing but not having any panties when she is going out with Oliver and Lucy could mean anything.
Oliver helped Lucy crossing the lawn and turned towards Kate hoping she would ask him to help too when another voice came out of nowhere, "Here Ms, let me help properly this time."
Somehow Alonzo was standing right next to Kate with one hand on her back. Kate winked at me and held out her hand to grab Alonzo's but gave a small shriek as he put the other arm from under her thighs and swooped her up easily like she was some little girl.
With Kate safely tucked in his arms, he navigated through the trenches easily and brought her closer to Oliver and Lucy. This move seemed innocent enough to me and probably he really wanted to make up for the mess earlier but it had resulted in Kate's dress to ride up until it was resting on her belly with her whole ass exposed. I wasn't sure if her pussy was showing or not since the view was being blocked by Alonzo's shirtless back.
My worst suspicions were confirmed as I saw Oliver's eyes got bigger staring at her ass and he licked his lips with a lustful expression on his face. Even Lucy was blatantly staring at her ass as though she was in a trance. Finally, Alonzo put her down and she hurriedly pulled the dress back on her ass.
Watching them leave together, I couldn't believe my wife showed her pussy to the work colleague and her asshole boyfriend. "Is she hoping to get fucked by Oliver?" But then I dismissed these thoughts by reasoning she would never fuck around her office colleagues. A chance encounter at the beach is one thing but having physical affair with an office colleague or her partner is something else and she would never cross this boundary. She just likes to show off and it is all ok for me. Satisfied with my rationalization I went back to check the pool status and got in to a lengthy discussion with Alonzo about where to put lights.
Rest of the afternoon went relatively calm as I cleaned the car and worked out for a couple of hours thinking about Lucy in smallest bikinis with water splashing around her. Afterwards I grabbed a beer and lied down on the bed until I heard Kate thanking Alonzo and giggling at the same time. With my heart racing, I dashed to the window and saw Kate pulling her dress down walking to the door with a big smile on her face.
Alonzo, on the other hand, had an amused expression on his face as he brought his right hand close to the face and started smelling his fingers and adjusted his boner with the left hand. I couldn't see the other two guys which meant he had already given them the leave. Then he looked straight up at me and started sucking on his fingers. I wasn't sure what to make of it as I had not seen anything happening between him and Kate. Besides, it was just Alonzo there and it wasn't a big deal if he was able to brush past Kate's pussy since his crew was not here. Even if Kate let him finger her for a bit it wouldn't be so bad as we would never see Alonzo again after the pool construction was complete.
Kate came straight to the bedroom and jumped on me as if in heat. I could tell that she was extremely horny as she opened the fly of my shorts and took my hard dick in her mouth. I returned the favor with putting my fingers straight inside her pussy and, thanks to Alonzo, I was not surprised to see that it was dripping wet.
"Is it because of Alonzo?" I asked her in hoarse voice as she sucked the life out of me.
"For the most part, yes!" she replied as took the dick out of her mouth and started pumping it with her small hand.
"I can tell that you liked it," she said, implying the rock hard state of my cock.
"Oh yes baby, I love it. Did he try anything else, since no one was watching?" I asked casually but with bated breath.
"I am not sure baby since it happened so fast. One second I was on my feet and the next in his big arms. He definitely slipped at least one finger inside my pussy but I am not sure if there were more."
Seeing the look on face she stroked me even faster and added hurriedly, "I am sorry baby but think it was partly my fault since my pussy was so wet from all the flashing in the mall. Besides, don't you think him putting fingers in my pussy is not such a big deal?"
I couldn't get mad at her confession even if I tried to. Blood rushed to my pulsating cock and made it even harder. I could feel the familiar sensation of cum filled balls tightening around the base.
"Of course not sweety. Besides I would be actually disappointed if he didn't try anything after all the flashing and teasing," I heard myself saying without even thinking.
Kate had started bucking her hips with 3 of my fingers in her hot and wet pussy which meant the orgasm was fast approaching. She was moaning at the top of her voice with the eyes closed and I was sure that Alonzo could easily hear the squeaks. I could feel my balls tingle and was about to warn her that I was gonna cum when the bell rang again.
Cursing loudly, I took out my fingers out of her pussy and pulled my shorts up to go downstairs. Kate had a questioning look on her face, demanding why didn't I finish her off.
"There is someone at the door," I shrugged and left her there close to orgasm but not finishing the task.
On my way downstairs, I realized that I wanted her to be even sluttier at the office party and that's why I subconsciously decided to not give her the ending. Keeping Kate at the verge of orgasm but hornier than ever meant that she was going to behave in the sluttiest way possible and probably show tits and cunt to her boss and other colleagues. My already rock hard cock lurched at this thought and it got to the point of being painful. I had never experienced this hard erection in my whole life and opened the door not caring if anyone would see it though the shorts.
"Sorry to disturb you, I hope you were not too busy?" Alonzo said with a small grin.
"Of course not," I lied.
"I have finished the foundation for the pool and we will come next week to put in water and get it working after it has settled," he continued.
"Thank you so much, we will see you next week," I replied.
He was about to turn and go when I found my hand going up for the shake. It was the same hand with three fingers inside Kate's pussy just a minute ago. The whole hand was still wet from her juices and smelled strongly of her sex. He shook my wet hand firmly for some time with a knowing smile and made the point of sniffing his fingers, smelling Kate's juices which had intense aroma all around us. I made sure to transfer as much juices as I can and then let go. He winked at me for the final time and left smelling his hand from different angles.
After Alonzo left, I inspected the pool for some time and then went upstairs to see what Kate was up to. The room was empty but the bathroom door was closed with shower running. The sun was already behind the mountains and was going to set in an hour. She is probably getting ready for the party, I thought to myself and decided to take a shower myself.
I took off the shorts and walked in to the shower. Kate was just finishing the shower and rubbing some cream over her smooth and pink pussy. I went down on my knees and inhaled the strawberry aroma of cream mixed with her sweet pussy scent, getting hard instantly again. But Kate pushed my head away with a strict look on her face and got out of the shower saying she didn't want to ruin the pussy before the party and something about me having my chance before.
I sighed and started the shower thinking she might be a bit angry from not being able to get a release earlier. But it should be all fine once we get there and she starts showing off as it was bound to improve her mood.
After wearing the dinner suit and getting ready, I asked Kate not to forget our swimming suits and went downstairs feeling a bit nervous and excited at the same time. Today's events had showed me that not only Kate was ok with showing her body to complete strangers but she was also getting a lot of thrill out of it. On top of that she was also ok with Alonzo touching her a bit which meant once she got a little bit horny, then anything was game, depending only on how far the other guy pushes. I was also successful in keeping her in the extreme horny state by not letting her orgasm which meant she will be more than willing to show off and flirt with her colleagues and, if my stars were in luck, maybe also with Dave.
Dave was a 6 feet tall black guy with athletic physique and extremely handsome features. He was also Kate's boss and from what I had heard and seen, he seemed to have slept with every girl in the company, except of course Kate. I had fantasized about Dave fucking Kate countless times in many different scenarios and every time it ended with me having an earth shattering orgasm. In reality though, I only wanted to see Kate work her magic on him by showing her body but then deny him the satisfaction of getting physical with her or that's what I thought.
Other than Dave, I knew only a couple of senior managers in their department, Josh and Steven. Josh was a typical young corporate executive type who had climbed the ranks very fast. He was bit of a talker and his specialty was getting drunk and convincing other people about what he thought was best for them. He was a bit short, a few inches less than Dave but he made up for it with insane body building routine.
Steven on the other hand was very quiet sort of guy and he was also Lucy's boss. In fact, he was the vice president of the company and even outranked Dave and Josh. Kate had told me once that there was an aura of authority about him that throws you off-guard and all you want is to please him without him saying anything.
Suddenly, I heard Kate slowly descending the stairs. Looking up, I couldn't help but appreciate that besides being extremely sexy, how classy and beautiful my wife was. She was wearing a long black dress with black heels and had her hair in a long brunette shag style with subtle highlights.
On first sight, the dress looked pretty modest but got sexier as she got closer. The bottom was open with long slits on both sides running from just about her pussy level till the feet. It didn't show much when she stood still but the slits opened a lot whenever she moved since the dress was too tight and you could easily see her long shapely legs along with the upper thighs. Fortunately, the pussy was constantly out of view but every step came very close to exposing it. I tried to see which panties she was wearing through the slits since they were running quite high but couldn't spot any string or cloth.
But then my focus shifted to the top. The midriff was plane black satin material which was also tight and accentuating her curves. The chest area was black flowers made out of same mesh also held on by the straps going around her neck leaving her shoulders exposed. I was a bit disappointed as I couldn't see much skin or even small cleavage but this didn't last long. As soon as she reached the end of staircase, a few meter away from me, the meshed flowers suddenly became quite transparent. There was no debate if she was wearing a bra or not since I could easily see her puffy pink nipples with aureoles and rest of the tits.
The mesh was doing the good job of keeping the nipples inside the dress, I thought to myself, but that was the only thing it was good at. I couldn't believe she was going to the office party dressed like a sexy slut showing her tits. I could imagine Dave and Josh ogling her boobs while Lucy and Oliver cheered.
I suddenly had a feeling of dread setting in my chest at the prospect of Kate showing her tits to anyone who got close enough. Why didn't she wear the bra and should I suggest wearing one, I thought to myself? Still contemplating, whether to say something or not, I realized that my dick had gotten fully hard. Kate saw the obvious imprint through my pants and smiled knowingly, kissing me on the lips.
As our tongues were duelling and eating each other, she slipped one hand in my pants and took my hard dick in her hand spreading pre-cum all over it. I took the hint and promptly slipped my hand through the slit in her dress. Not even sure what I was expecting at that point, I got extremely excited as soon as I realized the absence of any kind of panties. My dick started throbbing in her hand as I caressed her smooth and wet vagina.
Kate pulled away her tongue from mine and gently whispered, "I knew you would love it."
With that said she grabbed the purse and started walking to the car in her sexy backless dress. I stood there for a while, bathing in her sensual perfume and brought the wet fingers to my face. Her pussy juice tasted like strawberries and some unknown sweet nectar. But then I hurriedly pushed my throbbing dick back in to the pants and followed her, thinking if I should talk about some kind of rules of interaction with her male colleagues.
There was an erotic silence in the car as we rode through evening traffic. As soon as we stopped on a red light, I checked out her outfit again and my heart definitely skipped a few beats. In a sitting posture her tight dress had gathered around the waist area and the slits had moved up. Other than her tits, nipple and thighs, I could also see the bare pussy on display.
Kate sensed my intense stare and did a small 'Oops' checking her dress. She put the middle part of the dress straight again and it covered the pussy successfully although I could still see her milky thighs fully and lower abdomen area was visible through the slits too.
I knew, I had to break the tension created a few hours ago and start talking. Getting Kate in a good mood seemed really important and I brain stormed a few ideas how to approach the subject. Looking to the right, I found a vacant plot on the side of the road and brought the car to a complete stop.
Kate looked at me questioningly and I blurted out the first thing that came to my mind, "You look extremely beautiful and classy. I love the way this dress shows off your body."
Kate finally smiled and said, "Thank you for encouraging me to show off my body. I feel much more confident and sure of myself."
"All I want is you to have fun and enjoy the party. Showing off your body like that makes it very special for me too," I heard myself saying out loud.
"So you wouldn't mind me flirting a little bit with my colleagues? I really want to be the center of attention tonight," Kate asked innocently while feeling my dick through the pants.
I imagined Kate and Dave dancing together intimately and it resulted in me getting a full erection. Knowing that I cannot lie to my own feelings and going with the flow was the best option, I leaned in towards Kate and said in a hoarse voice, "Yes baby, I want you to tempt and tease the fuck out of everyone. Surely you will give some guys raging hard-ons and make some wives and girlfriends very jealous."
Pushing my luck, I easily slid my hand under the dress and felt her bald pussy. Soon my thumb was rubbing her clit and two fingers inside the wet dripping pussy as I decided to give her an orgasm. If my plan worked then she would cum right here in the car and I wouldn't have to worry about her flirting going out of proportions. Her breathing became labored and she gushed juices all over my hand and her thighs.
"Oh baby, you are the best. Though, I want to confess that showing my body to other people also gets me really horny. I feel like there has been a lot of sexual tension whenever I am around Dave. Would it be ok if flash my pussy to Dave? He has probably seen all the pussies at work already so I don't think it is a big deal but it might help with releasing the tension and me being more professional at work," Kate continued as I watched her take my dick out of the pants and milk it furiously.
Dave? Where did Dave come from? I thought, immediately regretting my plan. But the image of her flashing the pussy to the boss who she sees almost daily, shot more blood to my raging erection.
"Thanks for being honest with me baby. Yes, it is completely ok with me honey. I guess there will be a lot of skin showing in the after party so probably not a big deal." I said, taking my fingers out of hot and craving pussy.
The idea of her being extra horny at the party suddenly seemed very attractive. Also she was being honest with me and as long as she was truthful with me, I wanted to her to enjoy anyway she desired.
Luckily, her phone rang at the same time before she could object again. I could hear Lucy's slightly drunk voice on the other side, demanding to know where we were. Kate let go of my cock as I started driving again thinking about Lucy being drunk.
We reached the party hall in 20 minutes or so. It was located at the outskirts of the city and was part of a big golf resort with pools, saunas and restaurants. I pulled my zip back up and readjusted the belt before getting out and giving the keys to the valet.
Some guys in suits were standing right outside the door, smoking and looking at out car in general. I opened Kate's door as she swung one leg almost 90 degrees and stepped on the carpet. Her pussy came in to the view for few seconds until she had both feet on the ground and had readjusted her dress. I was pretty sure that those guys must have seen it as I couldn't hear the talk anymore. Turning around I saw all of them gawking at Kate as though they had never seen a woman before. One short and stocky guy yelled, "hi Kate!" as he came downstairs to meet us.
"Oh not you Josh..." Kate muttered under her breath as she opened her arms widely and hugged him like they haven't seen each other in a long time.
Josh didn't let go of her for some time as he kept holding her from both sides and roamed his hungry eyes over her tits and erect nipple through the sheer mesh.
"You simply look wow Kate. For once in life I have no words!" he flirted unabashedly with me standing right there.
Kate blushed a little bit and giggled to avoid embarrassing situation in front of me. I wasn't sure if she was happy to see him or not, though I could see the extra cheerfulness.
"You know my husband Alex, right?" Kate pointed at me with her hand also showing the wedding ring at the same time.
"Oh hi Alex," Josh nodded to me without taking his eyes off Kate's tits.
Finally, he let her go, realizing that he can't keep touching her on the pretext of a hug and we walked up the stairs directly in to the hall.
There were about 100 people inside, sitting around round tables or standing in general, chatting loudly and trying to listen to each other over some retro music. Two Jamaica themed bars were open on either side of the hall and bartenders were busy catering free drinks to long queues. I noticed that the lights were very dim inside and it was difficult to spot, who was who, even from few meters away. I felt a bit relaxed that not many people will be able to see Kate's dress properly from far away and she won't be an odd one out with tits out in public.
"I need a drink," Kate declared as she got in to the queue. We did shots right at the bar and then filled our glasses with some expensive looking liquor.
While drinking, we moved to a few different groups and said hi, trying to find Kate's friends. She received compliments every time, with people being extra chatty, their eyes roaming hungrily over her body. Finally, I spotted Lucy, holding a drink and animatedly chatting to someone. I nudged Kate in her direction and we moved quickly to their side.
"Hey you!" Kate said excitingly giving her a hug from behind.
I could tell that she was already a bit drunk and probably the liquor's effect was not the same as red wine with dinner, which she was used to. We looked at the other person and realizing it was Dave, I felt the same strange sensation in the pit of my stomach.
"Of course he had to be here," I thought to myself as we exchanged greetings and Kate gave him an awkward hug. He was looking quite smooth with tall physique, wearing a fitting suit along with the handsome face while holding a drink. I could immediately tell why all the girls in the office were attracted to him. He was also aware of the effect he had on women and that had boosted his confidence very high which was evident with the way he talked and how everyone agreed. I was surprised that he wasn't openly staring at Kate's obscene dress but rather looking her in the eyes while talking. "Maybe he isn't that interested in Kate after all," I reasoned with myself and with my mind at ease I focused my attention on Lucy.
She was wearing a long white sheer dress which left very little to the imagination. The top consisted of 2 straps going over her huge tits until they reached the mid riff area. Then the straps changed in to a full dress from there till the feet. It was extremely sheer dress through which you could make out almost everything except that it had some patterns in the tits and pussy area which made it difficult to see them. To make up for it, the back was totally bare and there was a huge ass and tits cleavage on display with the straps only covering outer half of the tits along with nipples. The inner half and aureoles were constantly visible and projected an extremely sexy image as I felt my cock getting half hard just looking at her cleavage.
I was snapped out of my lustful thoughts as the music stopped and people gradually stopped talking. Some drunk girl, wearing the shortest skirt that I have ever seen, announced with much difficulty that the CEO of the company, Mr. Wade, wants to say some words.
"Did you see what Elsa is wearing? That's the gift from Mr. Wade specially for this evening," Lucy told us in a superior tone as if showing off her knowledge about office secrets.
"Really! Wish my boss would buy me some clothes too... HA HA HA," Kate said in a slurred voice thrusting her chest out, inches away from Dave.
I could tell that she was drunk and was trying very hard to get a reaction from Dave but he just looked at her and smiled coldly, not saying even a word. Kate's face looked crestfallen and seeing Dave's cold reaction, she became very subdued probably losing some of her confidence. I became very concerned about Kate's mood as I didn't want her to be sad for the rest of the evening. It was pretty clear that Kate was trying hard to flirt with Dave, but he was having none of it. Even her dress didn't make him flinch which was making her flustered. I knew that she wouldn't be happy until Dave showed some signs of being impressed and decided to help Kate.
Mr. Wade rambled for a while about different topics ranging from team spirit to climate change during which most people refilled their drinks. Finally, he got off the stage and music started again. But this time, a few people, led by Elsa and Mr. Wade, went to the dance floor and started dancing. I was a bit surprised to see Elsa dancing so close to Mr. Wade which his hands on her barely covered hips. She looked extremely young, probably 20 or 21, whereas he was definitely in late 50's. The top two buttons of her shirt were also somehow undone now and I could make out a generous amount of cleavage even from a distance.
Watching them dance together gave me an idea and I excused myself to get more drinks. My plan was to get Kate fully drunk and dance with Dave. For sure he would give away the cold pretext once he gets to touch and feel her a bit. I got in to the long queue and admired other drunk girls around me. Most of them were showing a lot of skin even in full dresses and the male colleagues were getting pretty handsy as they got more drunk. I saw the couple next to me in a tight embrace with guy's hands on massaging his coworker's ass as they made out practically eating each others faces. She finally pushed him away saying that her husband was there too and he might object to them doing something more than making out.
"So making out with colleagues is pretty normal in this company. I guess, I shouldn't be this prude and let Kate do whatever works best to successfully seduce Dave, as it important for both her mental health and professional life," I concluded in my mind watching the same girl now making out with Oliver with his hands inside her dress. "So husband was just an excuse... and look at Oliver finger fucking another girl with his wife in the same party. Are these parties always like this?" I thought while adjusting my boner.
It took another 30 minutes to get the drinks due to people having large orders for whole groups. I took the classic Jack and coke glasses this time and went back making sure that Kate's glass was at least a double. To my surprise Josh had also joined the group and was standing right next to Kate. He was talking loudly with a hand on her bare back dangerously close to the ass, all the while ogling her bare tits through the mesh.
After giving the drink to Kate I started thinking how to send Dave and her together for dance. She was pretending to listen to Josh, sipping her drink, but still looked at Dave from time to time who seemed to be only interested in conversation with Lucy.
By now the music had gotten louder and most of the people were very drunk. I could hear the occasional shrieks from drunk girls followed by laughing and giggling as their colleagues groped them in all the places. Even Josh's hand had slipped down a little and he was caressing Kate's ass, roaming from one cheek to another but never losing contact.
Kate didn't mind at all, either due to being drunk or angry at Dave. But I could tell the constant massage on her ass was having an effect and she moved her hips along with Josh's hand motion. Suddenly she grabbed his arm and asked him for a dance all the while looking Dave straight in the eye. Josh didn't need to be told twice as he removed hi coat and steered Kate away easily, showing off his bulging muscles in a tight dress shirt.
I was sure that only reason Kate asked Josh for dance was to make Dave jealous and it did have an effect. Dave looked a bit distracted watching them go with Josh's hand plastered to her shapely ass. He excused himself and went to toilet leaving me and Lucy alone for the first time.
"Well, what do you think?" Lucy asked turning towards me.
"I think she is quite drunk," I said, thinking that she is asking about Kate asking Josh for dance, instead of me.
"I mean my dress silly, how does it look?" she asked pinching my arm playfully and then turning around while giving me a view of her extremely hot ass cleavage.
"Oh it looks fabulous. You look hot," I stammered as the blood rushed to my groin.
Somehow this was poetic enough for her as she grabbed my hand and suggested to go for a dance. I couldn't believe my luck as I watched this diva practically dragging me to the dance floor.
"Let me show you the new Bachata dance that I have been learning," Lucy shouted over the music as she pulled me closer till out bodies were in full contact and started moving her legs and hips.
She adjusted her leg position a bit and result was my right leg in between her two legs and her right leg was in between mine. I was sure that she could feel my erection on her thigh but she didn't seem to care as her hips moved seductively with the music and generally swayed in small area.
Her E-cup huge tits were pressed against my chest as her upper thigh practically dry humped me through the pants. By this time, I was supporting a raging hard on and decided to take my chances.
I let my hand slip down from her lower back to her exposed ass cleavage, just as I had seen Josh do it to my wife a few minutes ago. Both Lucy and Kate did not have any panties underneath, but the difference was that Kate's ass was fully covered but luckily Lucy had a big ass cleavage.
As more blood rushed to my painfully hard cock, I got even bolder and let my hand slip even further down along her exposed ass crack until it was inside her dress and full groping her ass. Lucy responded by pushing her ass back on my hand and moving it in a circular motion until she decided that one hand wasn't enough and grabbed my other hand dragging it to her ass. I inserted the other hand inside her dress too and was now groping both of her bare ass cheeks while she breathed heavily.
Suddenly she nudged me pointing to our right where Kate and Josh were dancing, in a tight embrace. There was almost no light in the dancing area so it was difficult to make out what other people were doing and we were only able to spot them because they were right next to us.
Kate looked very drunk, with her eyes closed and head thrown back. Josh had her in a very tight grip with his one hand groping her ass while his mouth attached her neck area licking and kissing anywhere he could. I was a bit concerned about Kate but she seemed to be relaxed and enjoying herself with her mouth slightly open and eyes still closed. Also, I felt a little bad about our dance not being fair since I had both my hands on a Lucy's bare ass and Josh was only cupping her ass with dress on it.
Lucy brought my attention back to herself by pulling her thigh away from my erection to give access to her hand. She unzipped my pants and took out my hard cock right outside the boxer shorts and pants and started giving me a hand job. I got a bit scared at this sudden public exposure specially with my wife dancing with Josh right next to us and started losing the hardness.
"Do you like what Josh is doing to your wife?" Lucy whispered in my ear as she tried to make my cock hard again.
I didn't know what she meant as they were only dancing with Josh's hand cupping her ass and him kissing her a bit. This seemed pretty normal, given what other people were up to and not to mention our own state of groping.
Seeing the blank look on my face she said, "Check his hand."
I looked again feeling confused and then finally it hit me. One hand was innocently cupping her ass but the other hand was inside the front of her dress. My cock jumped to a full hard-on in an instant inside Lucy's hand. Was he really touching or feeling her pussy? I tried to look but couldn't see much due to not enough light. The blood rushed to my raging hard cock as it throbbed and started oozing pre-cum all over Lucy's hand.
"Look Alex, he is finger fucking Kate right in front of you. I think your rock hard cock proves that you like to see your wife being a public slut. Maybe you would like to see them fuck too?" I heard Lucy whisper in a seductive voice as she started jerking me off with the help of moisture provided by my pre-cum.
I looked and wasn't surprised to see that they had fully stopped dancing while Josh's hand moved in a small to and fro motion and Kate moaned audibly even over the loud music. Josh finally noticed us standing right next to them with my hands inside Lucy's dress and grinned at me. Then he brought his hand out of Kate's pussy and started sucking on his fingers, staring at me knowingly. After thoroughly sucking his finger clean he spit a copious amount on his hand and put it back inside her pussy.
Somehow we had gotten closer to them while dancing and now I could see everything pretty clearly. Most of Kate's neck and exposed chest area was wet and a bit red due to Josh licking and sucking her. The bottom part of her dress had slid to the side due to the way they were standing and her wet cunt was on constant display for anyone who was close enough. Josh had 3 fingers inside her pussy and he was furiously fingering her.
My worst suspicions were confirmed. Kate, my loving wife, was being finger fucked right in front of me by her work colleague and she wasn't resisting at all. He was not some stranger at the beach like our first experience and this could lead to much more than a chance one-time encounter.
I felt a familiar dread in my chest and suddenly started getting angry even though Lucy was still giving me hand job and I could feel my long awaited orgasm building. Josh saw my face and whispered something in Kate's ears as he continued fingering her with one hand and brought her hand to his pants with the other.
Kate opened her eyes, a little bit startled to see me standing right there as color rushed to her face. But then she smiled when she saw what was going on with Lucy and me. To my utter surprise, she opened Josh's zip and tried to pull on something big but it was proving difficult due to it's size. Josh opened the buckle to give much needed access and finally after much effort she managed to loosen his cock. It was not so long, only 7 inches or so, but one of the thickest cock's that I had ever seen in my life. Kate tried to jerk him off but the sheer volume of this cock was just too much for her small hands.
Seeing my wife playing with a huge thick cock right in front of me sent me over the edge and I started cumming in Lucy's hands without warning. Luckily there weren't much people close to us and ones that were had too much alcohol in their system to notice.
Lucy smiled at me knowingly as she continued milking my cock. Suddenly she saw Steven, her boss, on the dance floor and immediately retracting her hand she almost ran to him. I pushed my soft dick back in to my pants and contemplated what to do next.
I focused my attention back to Kate and saw her trying to figure out how to deal with Josh's big cock. By now it was fully erect and standing proudly at about 100 degrees' angle. Since Josh was not so tall and Kate was wearing long heels, the cock was positioned just below her pussy. Kate was looking very excited as she lustfully massaged his huge cock with her soft hands. Josh removed his fingers from her dripping pussy and attacked her tits through her dress but Kate stopped him. Looking me in the eye, she let go of his cock and brought her hands to the top of her dress. With one small pull she bared her D cup married tits to Josh.
Josh pounced on her tits like there is not tomorrow and started sucking and biting on her extremely hard nipples. I could see that Kate was riding on waves of ecstasy as she clamped her milky thighs around his throbbing cock. The cock was inside her thighs and massaging her pussy entrance as it glistened with her juices.
Seeing my wife's tits getting mauled in public by her co-worker with his monster cock massaging her dripping pussy was something that I had fantasized countless times but never thought could happen in reality. Suddenly, I felt overwhelmed by different emotions bombarding my head and decided to leave. I turned around on my feet and stomped outside leaving the dance floor and the hall to get fresh air and much needed perspective.
There was a sinking feeling of shame and embarrassment, seeing my wife getting mauled in public. At the same time, there were lustful sensations giving me extreme arousal at the prospect of my wife being such a slut in public.
I was sure that seeing me leave like that Kate would follow me right away and then we could discuss what was happening, but she never showed up. After waiting for half an hour and smoking 5 cigarettes, I calmed down a little and tried to think rationally.
There was still no sign of Kate but I was sure she wouldn't dare to fuck Josh in front of other colleagues. Touching and feeling was one thing but fucking might put her reputation at risk and she would never want that. And to be honest, Lucy had given me a hand job right there and whatever happened between Kate and Josh seemed very fair.
"So what if she grabbed his cock and let him touch her tits? It's not like they were actually fucking or anything. I should probably work more on suppressing the negative feeling inside me, whenever I see Kate having fun. This is not healthy for the relationship," making a mental note, I went back inside feeling much relaxed.
Loud music was still blaring but there were much less people on the dance floor. I suspected it had something to do with being too drunk to dance. Many people were just sitting or lying down in the drunken haze, awkwardly groping or making out with whoever they could reach.
Finally, I spotted Kate sitting together with Oliver on a sofa in a relatively dark corner. Oliver had one hand placed firmly on her bare thigh and was leaning in to her staring at her hard nipples. Kate was obviously too drunk to be coherent and was fully focused on completing her sentences. I could feel my cock getting hard again and decided to hide and watch them instead of interrupting.
As I suspected, Oliver shifted the front of her dress to the side in no time and started creeping his hand towards her swollen pussy lips. Kate made no effort to rearrange her dress or stop his advances as she continued talking loudly in his ear. Pretty soon, he had 2 fingers up her cunt making it impossible for her to talk at all.
Kate reacted with opening the zip and putting her hand in Oliver's pants, grabbing his cock which seemed to be fully hard already.
"What was going on with her?" I thought to myself as I readjusted my hard-on inside the pants. I had just seen her playing with Josh's cock on the dance floor and now she was jerking off Oliver without showing even an ounce of hesitation. My horny wife was acting as the biggest slut in this party and it was giving me a raging hard-on.
Suddenly I noticed that Dave had somehow appeared from nowhere and was intently watching Kate getting finger fucked by Oliver and playing with his cock. He looked a bit drunk as he walked towards them until he had a clear view of all the minute details.
Oliver was too busy in running his hands over Kate's body and didn't notice but somehow Kate sensed Dave's presence nearby and looked at him, still running her hands over Oliver's exposed hard cock. Looking straight in to Dave's eyes, she bit her lip and pulled Oliver's face towards her neck. Oliver started kissing and licking her neck sloppily, probably also tasting Josh's saliva but obviously too drunk to notice.
Dave still showed an impassive face, but seeing Kate's obscene display of sex was giving him the feelings of arousal that he couldn't control. I could spot an extremely large boner through his tight dress pants which was going all the way down to his lower thighs. It seemed like the dude was packing a lot of heat and was not embarrassed to show it.
Kate was now lustfully gawking at the huge bulge in Dave's pants as she took out Oliver's stiff cock out of his pants and started pumping him slowly.
I wasn't even mad anymore as I took out my own painful erection and started pumping. By this time Oliver had pulled down Kate's top and was nibbling on her nipples while fucking her with 3 fingers.
I knew that they were going to cum soon if they kept up the pace and at this point Kate wouldn't be stopping for anything. She wanted to make Dave jealous and it would even have been ok for her to fuck Oliver, as long as she was successful in seducing Dave.
Suddenly someone turned on the lights in the Hall and Elsa's drunk voice announced the start of the after-party for senior managers. Everyone, including me, rearranged their clothes as few people got up, ready to go to the after-party venue. Lucy, shadowed by Josh and Steven, showed up from nowhere and asked us to follow her outside.
The lights had turned dim back again for the rest of the people to continue the party as we followed Lucy outside. Kate had caught up with me on the way out and held my hand, practically dragging me outside. I could tell she was extremely aroused with heavy breathing and the sweet smell of her pussy juices radiating all around.
Everyone outside was getting in to the golf carts which were meant to drive us to the beach themed after-party. Many people had already changed in to the swimming costumes as they drunkenly sat in the golf carts laughing and singing in absurd voices. We asked the valet to bring the bag from the car as it contained our swimming costumes.
By the time we received the bag, only 1 cart was left with the driver waiting impatiently.
"Let's change in the cart. We don't have time to go in, change and come back again," Kate said handing me the smallest speedo I had ever seen.
I looked around and it was only me, Kate and Josh waiting to be transported. The kart had 2 long seats, facing opposite directions and it could take four people other than the driver. By this time, I was getting sober and though about me and Kate sitting in the back so we can change in privacy and hopefully talk a little bit while the drunk Josh can take the front seat.
As we approached the Kart, I saw two unknown guys already sitting in the front seat eying Kate interestingly. We had not been unable to spot them previously due to being extra dark in the parking place. They had already changed and were wearing almost exactly the same kind of speedo that I was holding. The speedos were snugly hugging their bodies and obscene bulges was visible even from the distance.
I was steeling glances at their junks and thinking how vulgar they looked, when Josh ran to the back seat and sat down looking expectedly at Kate. I also sat down along with Josh, resigning to the fact that Kate will have to sit on my lap or between us. Since I had seen Josh almost fucking her on the dance floor earlier, therefore changing the clothes wouldn't be a big deal.
"Hey... come sit with us. We have a lot of room," one of the guys from the front said jokingly.
I also laughed along with Josh at the absurdity of the request but it didn't last very long.
"Oh sure, thanks for the offer. Maybe you guys can help me change into this bikini too. I don't want to bother my husband too much," Kate kissed me lightly on the cheek and climbed in to the front seat squeezing in between the two drunk and almost naked guys.
I could feel the guys taking in a surprise breath but returned their focus to Kate as she tried her best to fit in between. I, myself was supporting a huge tent in my pants and was waiting for it so subside so I could change.
"Sit tight guys and... lady. It will be around 15 to 20 minutes' bumpy ride and we will have to pass the grounds and reach the other end of the course," driver announced while turning on the music on his Bluetooth speaker and driving the cart straight in to the dark grounds.
Once the cart started moving I changed in to the speedo with some help from drunk Josh. It wasn't that easy to change due to uneven surfaces but I somehow managed it. The downside was listening to Josh rambling about how crypto currency was the future and why am I not investing all my money in to it. I neatly folded my clothes and piled them on top of my speedo covered crotch while trying to listen what was going on in the front seat.
I couldn't hear much talk over the loud music except a few giggles from Kate now and then. Feeling a bit anxious, I turned my head around and looked at the front seat. There wasn't much to see due to cart being dark but there was definitely a lot of movement. A bit disappointed, I turned my head back and absently nodded to Josh still talking about how important it was to have a diverse portfolio and tried to imagine why Kate might be laughing.
Of course, the first image that came to my mind was her being spit-roasted by these guys in the front. I immediately started getting hard and tried to push this image out of my mind as this was not a realistic scenario given the tiny amount of space available in the front. Suddenly the cart bounced over a big bump and I heard Kate moan audibly confirming my suspicion of something crazy going on in the front seat.
Luckily we hit a patch of light after sometime and I caught the glimpse of front row for few seconds. Kate's legs were fully spread open on either side resting on the laps of both guys and the front of her dress was bunched up on her navel. Her wet pussy was on full display with fingers from both guys fucking her at the same time. I could not count the number of fingers inside the pussy but it was definitely more than 3. Her shoulder straps had somehow gotten loose and the top was also resting at her belly button. Both the guys were sucking on each tit while finger fucking her at the same time as she moaned continuously.
Seeing my wife spread open like that sent all the blood to my already throbbing cock. Not caring about Josh watching this whole thing, I spit on my hand and jerked off furiously. I could tell that seeing Kate with strangers was my biggest turn on and I wanted her to have no barriers with them. Wanting to see more, I adjusted in my seat and looked over trying to see what my slut wife was doing now.
"Here, let me help," Josh grinned as he took out his phone and illuminated the front row with strong camera light.
Kate had her head thrown back with eyes closed in ecstasy as her body pulsed with pleasure. I also noticed that both guys had their hard cocks out and she was holding both erections for support as they pounded her cunt with their hands and sucked on her huge tits. I had never seen a more erotic display in my life and could feel my orgasm approaching fast.
To hold my orgasm, I shifted my attention to the surroundings and noticed that the pace of the cart had slowed down considerably and the driver was looking in the back from time to time while adjusting his own hardness through the tight pants. Josh was also rubbing his hard cock with one hand as he tried to keep the phone stable and that's when I noticed that it wasn't just the camera light. The phone camera was on video mode and he was actually recording my wife getting finger banged by two strangers while holding their hard cocks. He was moving the camera from her flushed face to her spread open pussy and tits and then back, as though trying to capture her facial expressions and rest of the body.
"Make sure you get those too," I heard myself say, pointing towards her hands and the rock hard cocks she was holding.
Kate opened her eyes and realizing that she was being filmed, moaned again while looking in to the camera. Her slutty gaze shifted to me, watching me jerking off and then back to the camera as she started pumping the two shafts at the same time. Josh got up a little bit, focusing the camera on Kate's sweaty face and then moved down to her wet cunt. She responded by lifting her ass and curving her body so that asshole also came into the view along with her pussy being finger fucked.
The cart had come to a complete stop and the driver had started pumping his thick hard brown cock a few inches away from Kate's obscenely spread open ass. Handing me the camera, Josh got up on the seat and brought his thick and hard cock closer to Kate's face.
"Baby, can you take Josh's cock in your mouth? Yes... bring it closer and take it all in," I said in a hazy voice while trying to keep the camera steady and capture everything.
Kate bent her body even further and took Josh's whole shaft in her mouth deep throating him like an expert. I was sure that she was extremely horny and was going to cum soon when I heard the loud groan from the front. I refocused the camera as the first shots of semen from driver's cock landed on my wife's ass. Kate was writhing in pleasure as the driver made sure all the semen landed on her ass and nothing was wasted.
Seeing that we were ok with all this, the driver started rubbing and spreading his cum on her ass with the help of this still hard cock. He then coated one finger in cum and placed it on her asshole, making it wet. Focusing the camera in such a way that it had Kate's face and asshole in the same shot, I asked him to insert the finger in her ass.
He played with her asshole for a while spreading his cum all over as Kate pushed back on his finger. Then without warning he inserted the cum-covered finger inside. Kate shrieked loudly but was muffled by Josh's beef still in her mouth as the first wave of orgasm hit her. Opening her legs even further she pushed back on the fingers in her both holes and started bucking her hips. Wave after wave of pleasure came and pushed her body to the height of lust and desire. I could see that this was the most mind blowing orgasm she ever had as she gripped their fingers with her pussy and asshole never wanting to let them go.
Sensing that I couldn't hold it any further, I handed the camera to the driver and started cumming on Kate's ass at the same time. Seeing my wife being finger fucked by two strangers and then mouth fucked by Josh had me on the edge of the orgasm and seeing her small asshole spread open with another guy's cum was the final straw. For the second time in the same evening, I came while watching my wife being groped and finger fucked by strangers and coworkers.
After what seemed like an eternity, Kate's orgasm finally subsided and she curled up in the seat, almost passing out with a cock still in her mouth and the fingers filling all her holes. Everyone had kind of stopped in their track and looked at Kate for the next move.
"Honey, how are you doing, should we get going?" I asked Kate kissing her on the forehead while her mouth still had a hard cock inside.
Not sure about what to do next, Josh tried to remove his cock from her mouth but Kate closed her mouth tightly not letting it go. She opened her eyes and winked at me smiling slightly as though in pure bliss. Then she grabbed the cock with her hand and slowly took it out from her barely open mouth stopping right at the edge with the mushroom head resting on her lips.
"Don't you think we should reward Josh and these guys for all the effort?" Kate asked in a sultry voice while massaging the hard cocks in her hands.
Josh's cock was oozing a lot of pre-cum by now and it was all pooling on her lips and slipping down to her tits. Kate opened her mouth slightly and took the pre-cum on tongue tasting it and then started sucking on the mushroom head slowly.
Blood rushed to my soft cock again seeing my wife play with her co-worker's pre-cum. I couldn't believe that I was getting hard again after cumming two times in a span of couple of hours. I was sure that she wanted to pleasure these cocks as a strict thank you for her earth shattering orgasm. What was the worst that could happen? She was not fucking anyone it was just innocent sucking or a few fingers in her pussy.
"Yes baby, I think they deserve to be pleasured by your... Mouth," I replied with emphasis on the word mouth while looking at the guys hoping that they would behave themselves.
"The party is just after the bend, a 50 meters or so, if you want to go," the driver said meaningfully while still holding Josh's phone, ready to tape the next scene.
Since I was spent already and was not interested in watching Kate being a total slut at that time, therefore it seemed ok to leave her with the guys. All the four guys were behaving themselves, plus Josh was there in case things got out of hand.
"Ok sure then I am headed out for the party. Hopefully I will see you in... sometime," I said to Kate while grabbing my clothes and thinking about Lucy in a sexy bikini.
There was a small 'Yay!!' from the crowd as they all climbed out of the car. Kate removed whatever was left of her dress and was now completely naked as she grabbed Josh and the two guys and brought them in front of the cart. That small area was lit by the cart headlights and Kate went on all fours while the guys removed whatever clothes they were wearing.
As I turned the corner, I looked back the last time and saw Kate blowing 1 cock and pumping 2 others with her hands while the driver was filming the whole scene with Josh's phone. Satisfied with the view and being sure that nothing more was going to happen, I walked towards the source of shrieks and laughter noises obviously coming from the party.
Turning the corner, I saw a big swimming pool and a couple of Jacuzzis lit with pool lights. Lots of people were chilling in the pool while some were busy eating in the small building right next to the pool area. Seeing the food, I realized how hungry I was and dashed inside towards the open buffet.
Filling my plate with a giant lobster and fried shrimps, I sat down and observed what others were up to. There seemed to be a lot more girls in skimpy bikinis at this venue and everyone was touching or groping as much as they could. A few people kept popping up in and out to grab a bite in various states of nakedness. I saw Mr. Wade and Steven sitting in a corner and eating with 2 girls in bikinis that I didn't know. Both girls had their hands in men's laps, rubbing their junks under the table while they went through the plates of sea food and liquor.
Turning my attention back to the pool outside I saw Oliver trying to kiss one of the girls while she backed away a bit, probably not interested in him. As a last resort, he grabbed one of her boobs through the bikini top and squeezed but obviously that also didn't work. The girl pushed him away and started getting out of the pool to a cheering crowd.
Looking closely, I realized that one boob was out of the top and on full display and that was why the crowd was being so loud. She threw a glance at the state of her exposed boob and started walking towards the food area with no intention of covering the nudity. Mesmerized, I watched her as she took some food and sat right in front of me on the same table.
Seeing her this close, I realized that it was Elsa the executive secretary who I saw dancing with Mr. Wade earlier. She looked even younger than before, probably 19 or 20 in my opinion but her tits defied her age. They looked extremely big on the petite frame, probably an E-cup and I couldn't see any sag on them, definitely due to her being young. Thanks to Oliver, I was also granted an unobstructed view of her exposed pink nipple and aureole which was still wet from the pool.
Glancing at her face and confirming that she was not looking at me and just interested in food, I shifted my gaze to her legs. To my disappointment, most of the view was blocked by the table as she was sitting right opposite to me. I dropped a tissue paper on the ground on purpose and bent down to retrieve it.
She was wearing a tiny pink G-string bottom which I could barely make out due to the angle and her legs being partially closed. Making a point of looking for the tissue, I lingered for few more seconds when suddenly she opened her legs completely and rested them on the opposite ends of the sofa chair. Almost all the blood in my body rushed to my cock as I stared at the barely covered young pussy.
There was a smallest patch sticking to her pussy lips like second skin and since it was still wet from the pool earlier, I could make out every detail of her sex through this sinfully sheer cloth. There wasn't even a single hair anywhere to be seen and I could smell a sweet and husky aroma signaling that her pussy juices have been flowing throughout the evening. The sweet and strong scent was taking over my senses and moving my face a little bit closer, I tried to inhale as much as I could.
"Have you found what you were looking for?" her face appeared from the side.
"Ah yes, sorry for that." I appeared from under the table with my face going red with embarrassment.
"It is fine, I don't mind. You can look as much as you want but touching should only be with my consent." She replied with a big smile as she took a big swig out of her drink.
Seeing her smile gave me some confidence and we talked about how crazy this party was as I introduced myself. Elsa became really frank and informal as soon as she heard that I was Kate's husband and started telling me how she looks towards her as a mentor. Feeling proud of my wife, I told Elsa how lucky I felt being married to Kate, all the while staring her obscenely huge exposed tit and hard pink nipple.
At that point we had finished our food and were looking at drunk Mr. Wade and Steven talking nearby while being hand jerked by the girls next to them as though it was the most normal thing to do at an office party.
"Let's rescue them from these sluts, shall we? I will never contact this cheap escort agency again!" Elsa said in a determined way and winked at me to follow her.
"Escorts...?" I thought to myself as we moved towards their table with me trying to subdue my raging hard-on due to Elsa. Mr. Wade seemed to be really engrossed in conversation while the escort girl played with his dick through his pants. He seemed to have a noticeable erection in his pants and I was amazed at how this 60 plus years old guy can keep an erection after drinking so much.
Seeing Elsa, he dropped the conversation, removed the escort girl's hand from his pants with his raging hard-on visible for everyone. Then he grabbed Elsa by her waist and made her sit in his lap all the while grinning broadly at her exposed nipple. Wearing nothing but a bikini thong, she had to adjust her ass a little bit to accommodate the hard cock just below her barely covered young pussy.
Once settled on his hard cock, Elsa introduced me as Kate's husband and whispered something in Mr. Wade's ear. Laughing whole heartedly he invited me to sit with them telling the escorts to make space. Since the table was small, somehow I ended up sandwiched between the 2 escorts with one of them still working on Steven's cock through his pants. The other escort girl, taking the cue, started rubbing my boner through the speedo in the least discreet fashion.
Everyone praised Kate on how good she was at her job and at one point Steven told me how hot Kate was and how lucky I was to have her as my wife. The conversation then moved to some office topics and I tried to keep up while seeing Mr. Wade practically mauling Elsa's youthful pink nipples with his big rough hands.
After some time, Steven suggested to move to the Jacuzzi outside and have some fun. He seemed to be having hard time stopping himself from cumming under the constant assault from the escort girl. Upon his suggestion, everyone got up and walked outside to the sounds of music and laughter.
It was clear that people were getting more drunk and rowdy as the time passed. There were some more people now around the pool area and it was crowded now. I spotted Kate playing some kind of monkey in the middle game with Josh and Oliver. All of them looked extremely drunk and basically Josh and Oliver were taking turns wet humping her in the pool. She was wearing a one-piece swimsuit which covered her tits and pussy completely so I was not concerned much. Spotting me, she gave a cheerful shriek as Oliver grabbed her by the pussy and pushed her towards Josh who grabbed her tits and dunked her under water just to make it look like a game.
"Come Lucy, join us in the Jacuzzi," I heard Steven say loudly. Looking around I saw Lucy standing right next to me in a stylish black 2-piece bikini and watching Oliver acting like a pig in disgust.
My cock, which was already getting hard seeing Kate being groped in public, restrained against the thin and tight material of the speedo after seeing Lucy's huge milky white tits practically spilling out of the small push up kind of bikini top which was a size too small for her.
The Jacuzzi was a few meters away and was already preoccupied by Dave (Kate's boss) and 3 girls who looked like from escort agency. To make room for Mr Wade, Steven and us, the girls were quickly excused by a topless Elsa who had apparently forgotten her top in the food hall.
The Jacuzzi was not so big and had space for 5 or 6 people max. Elsa and Mr Wade took a spot opposite to Dave while Lucy grabbed Steven's hand and sat together at one end. There was not much space left and to my surprise Dave made some space to accommodate me right next to him. Once settled, we ordered some more shots while I tried to ignore Elsa's tight body constantly rubbing against mine since the Jacuzzi was so small. I was pretty sure she felt my hard-on with her feet at one point while Mr. Wade's hands seemed busy under the water close to her pussy area.
I started having conversation with Dave about different topics including his body building routine and working together with Kate while we both watched her play in the pool. Elsa was also listening to our conversation since she was sitting so close and chimed in a few times with her favorite office gossip.
After some time, I looked around and saw that Mr. Wade had passed our already and since Elsa had nothing else to do, she turned around and shifted her focus on Dave and me.
"I am very thankful to have a secretary like Kate. Her professional work ethic is above par and she knows how to work hard and play harder. She is the reason I am so relaxed and stress free at work. And now I see the reason is that her husband is too cool," Dave said to me drunkenly while looking at Kate now getting out of the pool.
I nodded back to him while taking a sip of cold whiskey, my head spinning from alcohol and thinking what does he mean by play harder.
Many people were now leaving the pool area, either going inside to grab food or passing out from too much alcohol.
"Is there space for me?" Kate's sweet voice came as she approached the Jacuzzi.
It was already a tight fit with 6 people and now we needed to make space for 1 more. Suddenly an idea jumped to my mind as we reshuffled and tried to make space.
"Here look, I can move and sit with Elsa and Kate you can sit with Dave. He has been praising your work ethic a lot, I guess he deserves to sit with you," I said in a joking way and moved to the opposite side and sat right next to Elsa with our bodies touching shoulders to feet. Elsa wasted no time in putting her hand on my speedo covered dick and starting rubbing it discreetly, probably not sure about Kate being there and all.
Kate didn't need to be told twice and she practically jumped in falling over Dave's lap in the process.
"OH...," was the reaction from my wide-eyed wife as she grabbed something under the water and adjusted her position to Dave's side.
Once we are all settled, more vodka shots came and everyone did some more except Mr. Wade who was snoring at this point. I could see the magic of Kate's swim suit and blood rushed to my groin. Since she was close enough, I could see that her swimsuit had gone fully transparent probably due to water and nothing was left to imagination. She was sitting in a position where here nipples were right at the water level and were constantly coming in and out of view. Dave was telling her some story from one of his business trips and she was laughing hysterically while grabbing his muscular arm with one hand and other hand under water, probably resting idly.
Elsa felt the blood rushing to my semi hard cock and stared at my wife's explicit display of nipples to Dave. Suddenly she pulled the elastic band of my speedo and gently took out my hard dick.
"Do you think your wife will fuck Dave if we leave them alone?" she whispered in a sultry voice while rubbing her hand over the length of my hard cock.
My cock throbbed at the mention of Dave fucking my wife and that was all the answer she needed.
"I bet you would love to see them fuck. Look how she is showing her nipples to him. One hand his feeling his hard muscles and other hand is nowhere to be seen. I bet it is grabbed around a 11 inch black pole down there," Elsa said as she jerked me off slowly knowing that I was getting too excited.
By this time most of the people had left the pool area, gone to the rooms with whoever they could find. The remaining people were either passed out or making out with each other in various stages of undress. Steven and Lucy had been making out for some time and now Lucy was sitting on top of him, straddling him and slowly moving up and down on his hard cock with her eyes focused on Kate and Dave.
Elsa had taken my hand and guided it inside he pussy as she jerked me off while watching Kate.
"You know; Kate is the only girl in the office who didn't have sex with Dave. I just admire her resilience and loyalty to you," Elsa said in whispers as I inserted a finger in her young tight pussy with much difficulty and started finger fucking her.
"Why, what is so special about him?" I asked in a bit of jealous tone as I watched my wife fully ignoring me and running her hand on what appeared to be a massive erection of her boss.
"Just wait till you see his huge cock. Look at your wife how she is feeling his manhood in her hands. See how she caresses his chiseled abs... I am sure she must be extremely wet down there," Elsa said in the same sultry voice while making me edge ever closer to the third orgasm of the evening.
Kate was now using both hands to jerk off Dave's cock but I still couldn't see it as it was under water. Dave looked at me and lifted his body a bit which resulted in the bulbous head of his cock to come out of the water. It was a massive dark colored head and was continuously oozing pre-cum.
Kate took a double take at the sudden appearance and looked at me with slutty expressions. She started lowering her head while continuously looking at me until the head of Dave's cock was resting on her lips. The pre-cum from his cock was now gathering on her lips and she slightly opened her lips and placed her tongue right below the opening where the pre-cum was oozing from.
Seeing my wife gathering the pre-cum from this apparently monster cock of her boss, made my balls go in frenzy. I stood up suddenly, grabbed Elsa's taut face and shoved my throbbing cock in her mouth as I started emptying my balls while watching my wife playing with Dave's precum.
At the same time, I heard Lucy moaning, her body shuddering on Steven's cock. They had changed their position and now Lucy was facing the pool where her husband was passed out, as Steven ploughed in her from behind. From the looks of it, Steven also seemed close to cumming though he still had the trademark Steven-poker-face with not a hint of expressions. In no time Lucy started bucking her hips as she pushed back on Steven's cock, taking it as deep as she could. Steven growled loudly as he spewed his seed inside Lucy's milf pussy, with both of them riding the waves in ecstasy.
I shifted the focus back to my wife and was greeted with the sight of her making out with Dave while sitting in his lap. They were eating each other's face out and it was difficult to tell whose tongue was in whose mouth. All of a sudden Dave stood up with Kate still plastered to his body and stepped out of the Jacuzzi placing her on pool mattress nearby. I was amazed at the stamina and strength level with which he was able to easily lift up Kate but the next thing left me completely stunned.
As soon as he placed Kate on the mattress, his huge cock came in to view. I had seen many cocks in my life in porn movies or on nude beaches but Dave's cock was something else. It was extremely long reaching 10 inches or more and had more than average girth which made it look extremely big. The deep chocolate color came with smooth texture, perfect shape and huge mushroom head. Seeing the huge monster cock Kate started moaning and opened her legs to Dave. She shifted the gusset of swimsuit bottom from her bald slit and opened the wet pussy lips for Dave to look at.
I noticed a few more people now gathered around the Jacuzzi area including Josh and Oliver. Apparently all the commotion had woken them up and now Oliver was tugging on his soft cock while watching Kate playing with Dave's monster cock all the while playing ignorant to the fact that his wife was freshly fucked by Steven just a few feet away. Josh came and stood next to Dave and Kate, taking out his thick boner at the same time. Elsa, after swallowing my load, was also intently watching the erotic coupling of Kate and Dave unfolding in front of us all the while pinching her sensitive pink nipples.
By this time, Kate and Dave had exchanged places with each other with Dave sitting on the mattress and Kate tying her hair in to a knot, getting ready to play with the biggest cock she ever had in her life. Everyone there had stopped whatever they were doing and were focused on Kate and Dave, watching the 2 perfect human species losing themselves in pure lust.
Dave's cock was standing proudly at 90 degrees still oozing generous amounts of pre-cum running down the impossibly long length and coating the tennis ball sized balls. Without further hesitation, Kate went on all fours and bent down until her face was level with Dave's perfect looking balls. She took out her tongue and started with licking the pre-cum off his balls. After licking them clean she took each testicle in her mouth and chewed on them but it was proving difficult due to the sheer size.
The way that she was positioned was giving the perfect view of her ass to everyone else in and out of Jacuzzi. The shifted bottom of her one-piece swimsuit made sure that the large puffy lips were on full display with wetness running down the thighs. Kate arched her back even further lifting her hips in the process and started licking the base of Dave's shaft. With each stroke she went up a little more and cleaned all the pre-cum until she reached the base of the head.
With one swift motion, my wife opened her mouth and took the huge cock in her mouth. The idea of deep throating was out of the question since the cock was just too long and fat, making the effective volume huge. Even then she was able to gulp a third of the length and the head as she wiggled her hips and rubbed the thighs together.
Kate moved her mouth over the huge black cock furiously face fucking herself all the while chewing on it as though it was a giant candy bar. Her pussy was continuously oozing wetness going all the way down to her thighs. It was apparent that she lost control of her body after seeing her boss's huge steel shaft as there was a small pool of pussy juices right below her body.
Watching Kate slurp on Dave's cock was making everyone extremely horny. I, myself was supporting a raging hard-on even after cumming 3 times. Lucy was jerking Steven's cock bringing it back to life while Josh and Oliver were fully hard and jerking off to Kate's wet pussy on display.
At this point, I was extremely aroused and wanted to see more but at the same time, I was a bit apprehensive towards the thought of Kate getting fucked in the pussy by her boss. To my knowledge, Kate had never had any cock in her pussy other than mine since we were married. Obvious exception was the stranger on the beach but this was a complete different case as no one was stranger here. I wasn't sure if she had thought about the implications of having sex with her boss and how it could affect her professional life.
I was still thinking if I should intervene before the things get out of hand when I saw Mr. Wade get up, remove his trunks and walk towards Kate and Dave. Kate was still busy giving the sloppiest blowjob to Dave coating his rock hard cock with her spit and jerking off at the same time. Without any warning, Mr. Wade got down on one of his knees, grabbed Kate's ass from both sides and inserted his throbbing cock in her pussy with ease.
Watching all the 8 inches of Mr. Wade's cock disappear in to my wife's pussy while she gave the sloppiest blowjob to her boss made my head spin and ignoring any potential repercussions, I got up and started jerking my hard cock along with Josh and Oliver.
Mr. Wade wasted no time getting in to the rhythm and soon he was whipping his hard cock in and out, fucking the wet pussy of my wife.
"Mmmm, YESS fuck me harder," Kate moaned like a slut as she opened her legs even further to give better access to Mr. Wade. Her face was full of spit and pre-cum from Dave's monsters cock.
Suddenly Kate reached back and spread her ass cheeks apart all the while sucking on huge black dick in her mouth as though her life depended on it. Mr. Wade started grunting as he picked up his pace, slamming his cock in his employee's pussy. Kate wiggled her hips and spread them even more giving everyone the view of her dark small asshole.
"Take my swimsuit off... take it off..." Kate moaned.
Mr. Wade grabbed the bottom part with both hands and easily ripped it off, all the while his cock deeply penetrating her pussy. All of a sudden he inserted the middle finger in Kate's wet and open asshole stretching the outer ring as he buried his cock deep inside her pussy and started shooting his load.
"Cum inside me... Oh god YESSSSSS... CUMM INSIDE YOUR OFFICE SLUT!," Kate screamed at the top of her voice pushing her ass back as much as she could.
After like half a minute, she changed her position and took Mr. Wade's softening cock in her mouth, trying to suck the remaining cum. I could clearly see the cum running out of her pussy and down her thighs as she licked the spent cock clean.
This was also the cue for Dave as he positioned his steel shaft at her pussy entrance and adjusted his posture like a stallion about to take his prize. With one smooth motion he entered my wife with half of his huge cock disappearing inside her.
Kate's breathing got labored as she tried to accommodate the thick veiny cock. It was good that there was cum in there already as it provided much needed lubrication.
Fully spent, Mr. Wade took his soft cock from her mouth and went back to the jacuzzi. Lighting a cigar he made Elsa sit in his lap right above the soft cock all the while watching Kate trying to take Dave's monster cock.
"ohhhhhh... aaaaaaahhhhh... oohhhhhh OH MY GAWWWDD," Kate moaned as she closed her eyes and focused on taking him deeper with her mouth open.
I could feel my own orgasm building and without thinking I walked and stood in front of Kate's face as she enjoyed the big black cock. Placing my hard cock in front of her face I started shooting my load.
Kate swallowed my cum as much as she could with the rest running down her chin and motioned Josh and Oliver to come closer. She took both their hard cocks in each hand and started pumping them furiously as Dave started ploughing in her from behind.
"aaahhhh ahhhh ah ahh ahhh ohhhhhh OH YESS DAVE PLEASE FUCK ME HARD... I LOVE YOUR HUGE COCK..," was all Kate could manage as Dave started pushing the ridiculously sized cock deeper.
I could feel my erection building again as the monster cock disappeared inside Kate's pussy inch by inch. Kate let go of Oliver and Josh's cocks and started pulling and pinching on her nipples.
"oh my goddd you are so big. Yessssss... yessss... harder please... harder...," Kate moaned, biting her lower lip.
It was clear that Dave's cock was too big to handle and it was all she could do to not pass out from sheer size of it. Thinking the same, Lucy got up from Steven's cock and walked towards Kate. I couldn't help but notice her tits swaying with every step. She put her hands on Kate's ass cheeks and spread them open as though making room for the huge black cock.
Dave took his shaft out of the Kate's pussy and spit on her asshole making it wet. Seeing the opportunity, Lucy took Dave's wet cock in her mouth and licked on it, looking Oliver straight in the eyes.
Seeing his wife suck on this huge black cock, Oliver couldn't hold it much longer and started shooting his load on Kate's face and hair. After coating her with copious amounts of cum he also sat down and watched his wife give blowjob to Dave.
"I want your cum too. I liked the taste of it last time. Shoot it on my face please," Kate pleaded resuming her assault on Josh's cock.
Josh erupted on her face as soon as he heard her, shooting load after load on her face. Kate opened her mouth and tried to catch as much as she could before swallowing it down in one big gulp.
Looking at me, she took the rest of it from her face on her fingers and started sucking on them.
"mmmmmm with cum this sweet I can be your slut for the rest of my life," she whispered to Josh before turning her attention to Dave again.
Reluctantly, Lucy let go of the monster shaft but made sure to swallow the pre-cum before returning it.
Dave reinserted his impossibly huge cock inside Kate's pussy and started fucking her steadily. With one hand he pulled on Kate's hair and slapped her ass with other. Lucy went down below Dave's dark and shiny ass and started licking his cum filled balls as he thrust deeper and harder in to my wife.
Everyone was sort of mesmerized by the huge cock ravaging Kate's pussy as they gathered round. Josh and Oliver started pinching on Kate's nipples, mauling her tits roughly with their hands. Lucy was now slowly massaging Dave's balls as though preparing them to shoot their load.
Seeing this big and thick cock, balls deep inside my wife's pussy, I started stroking my cock again. I could see that her pussy was being stretched and penetrated to the limits and she was enjoying the sensations provided by this twice the average size cock.
"aaaahhhh oooohhhh FUCK ME HARDER DAVE. Yessss fuck my married pussy in front of my husband. Aahhhhhh you cock is the biggest cock I have ever taken and I want you to cum inside me," Kate screamed while being pounded from behind.
Suddenly, Dave grabbed both her ass cheeks and slammed his shaft in Kate's pussy while grunting loudly. At the same time Kate also screamed loudly and clamped her pussy hard on Dave's cock as both of them started cumming at the same time.
"aaaahhhhhh yesss yesss aaaaahhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhh OH MY GODDDD," Kate screamed as Dave shot the biggest load deep inside her.
After what seemed like an eternity, their orgasms subsided and both of them fell to the ground with serene expressions on their faces. Josh took out his camera and started taking pictures of them from various angles, making sure to get Kate's cum covered face in every shot. Dave's cock was still buried deep inside Kate as he spooned her from behind. After like 10 mins or so Kate opened her dazed eyes and stretched her legs to remove the soft but still big cock. A large amount of cum gushed out and made a small pool on the ground.
"I think it's time to call it a night. Let's go honey," Kate chimed at me smiling while getting up.
With that, everyone got out of the trance and embarrassingly gathered their clothes and partners heading for the overnight stay rooms. Once inside the room, I took a shower together with Kate, silently washing her and letting her wash me. A jumble of thoughts kept coming in to my head but I shook them all off and cleared my head. Right now what we needed was a relaxing time together in each other's arms and any discussion can wait till tomorrow. After the shower we hit the bed and slept late till next day.