In the middle of the night Paige Turner crept into her Father's bedroom, her teddy bear along for the walk. She had been struggling with sleep for hours. She wanted to wake Lonnie but was afraid he might get uptight. Sulking she instead went into his office and got on the computer. Even on a Sunday he needed his sleep.
After an extremely eventful Saturday going to her first ever party she quickly became the party itself. Thirteen boys from her senior class were there, she the only girl. She was a bit drunk but let things progress at their instigation. In the end most of them at some point had their dick inside her. Even if it was for a very short time. She loved every second of it. Even the two hours with Beau in her own bed was incredible. Yet everything had been weighing on her shoulders. Firstly, she now worried that the boys would hound her at school for more. The thought of them trying something at school made her really wet but she knew it would be bad. Graduation was just around the corner. Failing to graduate because of getting expelled had her spooked. There was still the nagging feeling that Brett Chenowyth as going to get his revenge at any moment. Her Mother's boyfriend blackmailing her into bondage sex was killing her, mainly because she couldn't tell Lonnie or her Mother.
There were good thoughts to even things up though. Josh wanted her. She wanted Josh. Bryan wanted her. She wanted Bryan. So many guys on Tender were begging to know her. Squirming in her seat she wanted them too. Her Father had turned her into a nympho. She wanted to be loved and to love every man she had time with. In her mind she would continually whisper. "More Daddy." Sex with her Father was always incredible. Yet that chant of "More Daddy" would often be mentally spoken to her lovers as well. All of them could be her Daddy if they wanted to. She needed fucked badly. Right now! "Daddy wake up." She pouts. It was not in the cards. This was her chance to get on Tender alone. To reply to guys. Do her own search. She craved attention.
"Dillon wrote back. I never did send him the video from the party. I'm afraid to. Seeing guys fuck me might ruin my chances to go to Comicon with him. I better hold off sending it. I'll just message him and say hi." She opens up his reply box and begins typing. "Hi Dillon. I can't wait to dress up as Black Widow for you. I bought a skin tight latex suit to wear. It's really tight. If I don't wear a bra my nip nips will stick out. Should I wear a bra or no? The front zipper goes clean down to my pubes. Should I wear panties? LOL." She wiggles in her seat rubbing herself a bit. Continuing she writes. "I did make you a video but I'm terrified of you seeing it. You might not like what you see. I did something really nasty in it. I'll make a different one. I just don't want you to get mad and not give me a chance."
She starts to delete the video idea completely but decides not to. Everything was a risk. If Dillon didn't take her she knew she could sucker her Dad into it. "I want you to see me in my Widow outfit so I'll take a video of me wearing it. I even bought a cute spider tattoo I'm going to put right under my belly button. You might faint when I zip it down and show it off. LOL. Dillon? Please want me. I want you to." She ends it with a smiley kiss. Sent.
"Mister Frank? Daddy wants me to want you. I wonder what your reply says." She opens it up and reads. "Dear God in Heaven. You stripped naked for me. Almost that is. Young woman I will not lie to you, I masturbated five times watching and listening to you. You are the Devil's Daughter. Bless you little one. Please I'm begging you. Make me one more video. Send it to my email. It's DoctorFrankinStin@Gmail.com. Or call me at 309-666-DOCC. Any time after 5PM. I will worship you Child."
"Wow! Mister Frank really wants me." She eyes her phone. "Daddy might get mad if I call him. I'll just make a video and send it to Mister Frank's phone." She leaves the computer on but shuffles to her bedroom with Fuzzy in hand. Within she closes her bedroom door and lights her faithful candles. Putting her Hello Kitty jammies on she eyes her shirt and winces as she tears off two buttons to make it look good. He would buy her a new pair. Her cleavage massive beneath the shirt she intentionally leaves a third button undone. Only four buttons were ever on it to begin with. Putting her hair back in pig tails she props it on her bedside stand. She then hops on to her bed, sitting on her feet. Eying herself for angles she begins her video.
With a seductively soft voice she opens up. "Hi Mister Frank. I can't sleep. I read your mail and saw that you wanted another video. I'm glad you want to worship me. Can I worship you too?" So erotic she gave herself gooseybumps. "Did you see my nip nip in the last video? I snuck it in at the last second. If not I'll show you now." She unbuttons the final button on her shirt. Shyly she exposes her cleavage and teases him with close but no cigar full frontal. "Are you ready Mister Frank?" She shows him her left tit then covers up to then reveal her right. Her nipples were bullets in the chamber. Finally she cups her breasts and jostles them about. Pinching her nipples she shivers. "My nip nips are really sensitive." She lifts her right tit up and lowers her chin to swirl her areola with her tongue. Toying with the other. "My nip nips are yummy." One hand releases her tit and slides ever so slowly across her flat tummy. Teasing her belly button she giggles. "I'm ticklish there. Down here too." Her fingers fan beneath her jammie pants elastic band. It was quite easy to tell she was rubbing her clit. Pulling her hand out she lifts her fingers to her lips and licks the wetness. "Mmmm! Want some Mister Frank?"
Taking her shirt off slowly she eyes the camera as if blushing and laying her chin on a creamy shoulder. "Oopsie! There goes my shirt. Only pants now. Should I take those off too?"
She spots her cell cam go off and restarts a new recording. In doing so her bent forward position let him see her dangling breasts. Cupping them she sits up on her knees ad wiggles her waist band down to border her clit. Her fiery red pubic arrow in full view. Fingers caress over it.
"This is Merida. She's my flaming arrow. It points right to my clittycat. Ready to see my Clittycat Mister Frank?" She falls back and slithers her bottom down her legs and over her toes. Paige Turner was naked. He could see her entire front now. "I love my body. Do you love my body Mister Frank? I can imagine you touching and kissing me all over." She offers a pouty face and a succulent finish. "Everywhere...Starting here." She points at her neck then moves to her shoulder. "Here." Another round of points at her nipples. "Here and here." A long swath from breasts to belly button. "All through here." Her finger leads lower to her clit. "Especially here." Her hips get pointed toward as she shifts sideways. That led to her turning her back to the camera and bending forward. Pointing at her ass she spreads her butt cheeks to let him see both a pucker and a damned fine clam. Nice and tight. "Here too." Palms rub her bottom as she turns facing him. The camera timer went off again. One more time she resets it.
Laying back she spreads her legs and pulls her teddy bear against her chest. "Fuzzy likes to watch me play with myself. He says you can watch too." She feigns as if the bear actually talked to her. "Okay Fuzzy. I'll use my toys."
She had her rabbit vibrator and her dildo ready. Licking both for lubrication she fires up the rabbit and inserts it. "The rabbit goes here in my clittycat. Big Daddy goes here." She attempts to put it in her ass but it was too tight. She was new to the game and realized she hadn't had enough experience. "It won't fit. Can you help me Mister Frank?"
She moans as the rabbit attacks her hormones. Sucking on the dildo instead she looks at the camera through her big rimmed glasses without blinking. She challenged herself not to blink until she cums. In and out of her pussy and mouth she let him see her tender interior. Removing the dildo from her mouth with a kiss she whispers. "I'm going to cum soon Mister Frank. I wish this were you inside me. Making love to me. Telling me how beautiful I am. Making me want to do anything you asked of me. Please want me Mister Frank. Please."
She arches her back and gushes a fountain around the rabbit. Removing it she plants the dildo up inside her and fucks herself harder. Moans escape. A convulsion claims her legs. "I'm going to cum again Mister Frank. Adore me." With a shrill squeal her unblinking eyes roll back into her head leaving white orbs. A second geyser drowns her sheets. Dropping the dildo it dangles inside her as her body spasms. With violent twitches the dildo gradually slips free and topples to the floor. The cell went off the second it collided with the carpet. It took her a few minutes to get herself together. Sitting up she sighs and claims her cell for a close up. One last video.
"My cell shut off. I'm not sure when yet. I hope you liked watching me play for you Mister Frank. I look forward to meeting you. Sitting in your lap. Kissing you. Being everything you want me to be." She pouts slightly and hugs Fuzzy under her chin. With her fingers she lifts the bears arm as if waving. "Fuzzy says goodnight Mister Frank. Miss me." A blown kiss she ends it. Huffing her cheeks she smiles. "I hope I don't give him cardiac arrest." One by one she sends the videos labeled in order to Frank's cell.
Going to the computer she gets back online to peruse more. One message to her was addressed as BUSBOYS. Her eyes were drawn to it instantly. Opening it she reads..."Hey Paige. This is Clint from the bus the other day. It took awhile but we found you on Tender. How about another bus ride together? One with no destination or time restraints. LOL. Love to see you again. I owe you for biting my dick." She giggles at his comment. Thinking it over she wrote back. "Let's ride. I'll wear my stretchy black mini skirt no panties and a spaghetti string halter no bra. We can feel each other up. If the bus is full even more. LOL. I couldn't stop thinking about you guys. I'm wet just thinking about seeing you guys again. We just need to decide a time that fits us all. Give me cell numbers I'll send you pics of me. Nakie pics even. Bye Clint." Sent. This was fun.
Further exploration she discovers the Shoe store boys. Lonnie had saved one of their profiles. It had been almost two weeks since seeing them. Typing a quick note she writes. "Who wants to play footsy? LOL. Hi, it's Paige. Sorry it took awhile to get back with you. School almost over for life. Lots of playtime after. I need new shoes. LOL. A nice foot massage might get me worked up. LOL. You can fight over who sucks my toes. Miss you guys. Keep messaging me. Mwah!" She sends her note and moves on.
"Let's see who was Todd again? Oh yeah! He's the guy that works at Medieval Times. Dresses like a Knight and LARP's. That could be so cool. I haven't messaged him yet. Daddy will get over it." She begins typing, "Hi Sir Todd. You called me a Fair Damsel, I thought that was cute. So are you. You must be huge. Your pic in battle makes me think of the Mountain in Game of Thrones. I'm Sansa. LOL. I've never been to Medieval Times. Maybe you could take me. I would even dress up however you wanted me to. Give me ideas and I'll design a costume. I'm really shy but I love dressing up. Message me back Sir Todd. Mwah!" Another reply down.
"Next? Hmmmm! Look at all these really old guys. Wow! They must really like young girls. This guy looks like Daddy. Let's look." She establishes his reply. "Peekaboo I see you. Hey Neighbor. This is the owner of the house behind yours. I've seen you through your wide opened windows and that night in your hot tub. Your Daddy must be pretty darned open minded. Gotta say you're smoking hot Paige. I hope you're not freaked out cuz there's no reason to be. I'm not calling the cops on you guys that's for certain. My name is Victor. I live alone and I'm a FedEx driver. If you look out your back door at my house and see a green light in one of the bedrooms I'm awake. You're welcome to drop over and say hi."
"Whoa! No way." She freezes in her seat shivering at the thought of someone so close to home. She didn't really know her neighbors outside of Jerry next door. Her Dad knew the couple across the street but that was about it. Curious she realizes the office faced the backyard. The only room in their home with the curtain closed she dares to take a peek. "Holy crap. Green light is on." She notes a man walking around in the downstairs smoking. He looked built exactly the same as her Daddy. "Gosh. I could go say hi right now." She looks at the clock on the computer. "3AM. It's kind of late. Besides I should meet him in the daytime." She starts to lower the curtain when she realizes the man's silhouette defined his endowment. He stood sideways and she caught a glimpse of one really big dick. Nibbling a nail nervously she decides to go back to her computer. Typing she takes a chance on writing him back.
"Hey Victor. This is your sweet barely legal sexy neighbor. You remind me of my Daddy. After reading your message I looked out the window. Your green light is on. I can see you walking around downstairs. Nakie. LOL. So am I right now. I never wear clothes at home. Daddy lets me do what I want. So you saw me get fucked in the hot tub. Were you sitting in the dark watching us? You should have come say hi." She giggles and looks out her window again. "Oh my God! He's outside smoking now. Naked. Crap I could just sneak out and say hi." Nervously she paces and gets excited just the same. Grabbing Fuzzy she tiptoes out to the hot tub in the dark. Hugging her bear shyly she wanted to take the risk. Should she? He moved further out into his yard and took a piss. She giggled at seeing him. Luckily there was no fence between their yards like Gerry had. With a deep breath she moves out into her yard into the moonlight. Her milky white skin made her stand out like a sore thumb. Victor wagging his beast of urine spots her. Whispering with a loud "PSSSST!" she got his attention.
"Paige?"
"Hi." She softly speaks and grows shy.
"You can come closer I won't bite."
"You come closer." She retaliates. Flicking his cigarette butt he shuffles within fifteen feet from her.
"I'll stop here. I don't want to spook you."
"Okay."
"Goddamn you're stunning in the moonlight."
"Thank you Mister Vic."
"Mister Vic?" He chuckles, "I like that. You sound like you're younger than you are."
"I know. Is that okay?"
"Of course. It might make for some sick roleplaying."
"No roleplay. I'm me Mister Vic."
"Eighteen going on fifteen? Pigtails and a teddy bear? Kinky."
"I love my Fuzzy." She hugs her bear to her chin.
"Can I come closer?"
"Yes."
He steps another ten feet. Five feet from her he whistles. "Christ almighty. You're the prettiest girl I know."
"Were you excited to see me on Tender?"
"Oh fuck yes. I may be old but I like my girls young."
"How old are you? I didn't look."
"50. Spook you?"
"No. I like Older men."
"I was hoping you might say that. I know the guys in that hot tub had to be pretty close to my age."
"Younger but that's okay."
"Damn! Your voice could melt an iceberg."
"Can I come closer?"
"Only five feet away. Sure."
She shuffles forward to face him. "Hi."
"That just made this old cock hard."
"You're welcome."
"Man I'm glad you read my reply. Even happier I was awake when you were. Can't sleep?"
"No. Too any things on my mind."
"Need a friendly ear?"
"No. I..." She lowers her gaze to his nine inch monstrosity. "I need that."
Victor Farnsworth patted his belly. "You...want me? Here and now?"
"Yes." She sits down in the grass wet with dew, and lays back holding Fuzzy. Spreading her legs she looks up at him with her thumb to her lips biting a nail. In the darkness it looked as if she were sucking her thumb. Victor was turned on like never before. No blue pill necessary. "Fuck me Mister Vic."
"Sweetheart you just met me. Are you sure?"
"Yes. Please fuck me."
"Damn!" He drops to his knees in front of her and crawls in to rub her legs. "Soft legs."
"Thank you."
"There's that sweet tone. Makes feel as if I'm going down on a..."
"I"m eighteen. Barely. The ground is cold. Warm me up."
He shakes his head and crawls over her. His crown lay between her labia softly nestling in her wetness. "Damn this pussy is wet. That or it's the morning dew."
"I'm wet. You can kiss me if you want."
Victor leaned in and warmly kissed her lips. She accepted him without even a flinch. That gave him the courage to penetrate that sweet young pussy. "Fuck you're tight." She arches her back as he plunges deep. The moaning began. "Moan softer. Let's train that voice."
"Okay."
"From here on until I'm done I want you to whisper how good I make you feel."
"You make me feel like Fuzzy inside."
"Sweet Jesus! Suck your thumb. Make loud sucking noises." She complies looking up at him with doe like eyes. Her lips tightly around her right thumb she lets him hear her. "Holy shit Little girl. That's fucking hot." He lets loose kissing on her neck and across her chest. Crushing her breasts together he manages to suck both nipples at once. She loved it.
"You like my nip nips?" She resumes sucking.
"Delicious." He fucks her harder. Her legs clinging to his hips.
"Deeper Mister Vic. Harder."
"I'm on it Princess."
"Daddy calls me Princess too. Can I call you Daddy Vic?"
"That's me."
"Fuck me really hard Daddy Vic."
He was doing his best. His rhythm was steady and hard. She was whimpering while sucking her thumb, her eyes dancing behind her glasses.
"I might just cum here soon. This is too hot to keep it in."
"Can I be Daddy Vic's baby slut?"
"Fuck yes! Goddamn it you lil cunt."
She squeals and meets his threshold with her own. She blasts him with a river of cum all around his pubes. He grunts over and over and forces himself to pull out just as he nuts a coat of pure white excellence across her tummy. Yelping she shakes like a leaf, holding Fuzzy under her chin in a crunched up state.
"Thank you Daddy Vic."
"Want a real date?"
"No. You can fuck me right here again once a week when Daddy's in bed though." She whispers still sucking her thumb.
"You know what? I'm good with just that. Maybe next time we can take this to my bed? The ground is cashing my knees."
"Okay. I need to go Daddy Vic. I love your cock."
"I love that pussy."
She crawls to her feet after kissing him very quickly on the cheek. "Night Daddy Vic."
"Night Babydoll."
Sneaking back inside she returns to the Office. To her shock she had already gotten answers to her messages. Four phone numbers were left by the Busboys. She quickly took a picture of her creamy white melons with bright pink nipples. Then a shot of her ass. Both were sent to each of the Busboys with a note saying "MTD...That stands for My Titties/ Tushy Dangit. LOL."
Todd the LARPER wrote back telling her he could get her in to Medieval Times for free and that she should wear a lot of sheer fabric. Maybe a metal bra. She instantly had a design in mind.
The nerd Dillon wrote back saying that he could accept anything. Whether she knew it or not the guy just wanted to lose his virginity to a hot girl. She shrugged and sent Dillon the video of her Superhero gangbang. Better or worse she didn't care. Even if she ended up being the villain.
Yawning she signed off and took her phone to bed. Closing her door she lay there staring at the ceiling in candlelight. She had forgotten and left them burning. As she started to dose off she hears a text. Holding it up to read she recognized the number as Mister Frank.
"Please call me."
Fidgeting Paige took the chance.
"Hi Mister Frank."
"Play for me, Please. Those videos have made me masturbate for the last hour. I need you Paige."
"Do you want to cum all over me Mister Frank?"
"YES!" He growls. "I'll pay you $500 just to let me cum on your face."
"Really?" Her eyes flare at dollar signs.
"Yes. A $1000 to fuck me."
She was waking up now. "A thousand dollars?"
"$2000 a month to fuck me once a week."
"Wowza!"
"Just be my little Babydoll Paige." That was twice tonight she had been called that. It made her smile.
"Fuzzy stays in my arms to protect me."
"Yes of course. Fuzzy is welcome. Dear God Woman. I WANT YOU!"
"Can I call you Daddy Frank?"
"Yessss!" He snarls cumming loudly.
"Did Daddy Frank shoot some snowflakes?"
"Yessssssssssss!" Another round of guttural shots of Christmas cheer in May. "You only want me once a week? Make Babydoll sad." She whimpers.
"$3000."
Her eyes bulge. "More Daddy Frank." Her voice stimulating a third avalanche of sticky snow.
"$5000 if you spend today with me."
"Gosh! Let me ask my real Daddy." She leaps from bed and runs into Lonnie's room squealing and jumping on his mattress scaring the life out of him. "DADDY! DADDY! DADDY! Mister Frank wants to pay me $5000 to spend today with him. Can I go?"
"What?" He squints groggily in disbelief. She hands the phone to him.
"Talk to Daddy Frank."
"It's 4AM for God's sake."
She fans her fingers out. "Five Daddy. Five. THOUSAND."
Grimacing he takes the phone. "Is this Frank?"
"Yes indeed. My offer is open to negotiation. Let me wine, dine, and make love to Paige all day long and I'll hand her $5000 cash. $3000 a month thereafter to fuck me once a week."
Lonnie's eyes revive. "Seriously? She's not a hooker Frank. She's only been eighteen barely a month."
"Babydoll Mistress. That's all I desire. I'll smother her in gifts even."
"Well now! Where do I drop her off?"
"I'll send a limo for her. Have her wear her Hello Kitty jammies. Bring the bear. Pigtails."
"She lives in that crap anyways." He chuckles. "Cash in my hand before she leaves. No other way. I know of her location at all times. Trial basis Frank. Do we have a deal?"
"Absolutely. I'll have the driver bring the money to you. Have her ready by 9AM. I'll have her home by midnight."
"I need proof of your existence Frank. A Tender account can be rigged. I've seen Catfish."
"Whatever you need."
"How about we meet in person for Breakfast, the three of us prior to you taking her for the day?"
"I would like to meet her wearing those pajamas. Breakfast in public might..."
"I'll make her wear them to an IHop for $5000 bucks Franky."
"Dear God! DO IT!" Frank snarls cumming hard again. Lonnie winced at his deafening admission. Paige continued to hop on her excited by the possibilities.
"I WUV YOU DADDY FRANK."
"9AM IHOP on 33rd street. Jammies on. Teddy bear in hand. Torture Daddy Frank." Frank begged over the line.
"Can I HOP in your lap while you feed me pancakes?"
"YESSSSS! DEAR GOD I'M CUMMING AGAIN."
"Slow down Frank or you'll be wore out before you even meet Paige."
"I...I can't stop. She's so fucking perfect."
Paige charmed Lonnie dancing her chin from shoulder to shoulder. She was fucking perfect.
"Franky? I'm going to hang up. See you at IHOP."
"FIIIIIIINNNNNNEEEEE!" Lon had to hang up. The Old guy was destroying his eardrum. Paige squeals and leaps at her Dad making him fall backward. She crawled on top of him and bounced over her erection covered by sheets. Dropping over him she hugs him tightly with a joyous purr.
"Why are you sticky?" He touches her ribs where Victor's cum had trickled earlier. She grits her teeth and plants her chin on his chest.
"I did something bad Daddy."
"What now?"
"I fucked our neighbor Victor in our back yard."
"WHAT?"
"He messaged me on Tender. Said he was our neighbor behind the house. He was really nice to me."
"For crying out loud."
"Don't be mad at me."
"Did he wear a condom?"
"Noooo." She pouts. "He shot over my tummy though."
"You fucking need to obey me on this condom issue Paige. You don't need to get pregnant or catch an STD."
"I don't like condoms Daddy. I want to feel everything."
"You swore to me you would make them wear rubbers."
"Okay. I'll try harder. OH! Daddy? I had to catch a bus to school the day Mom took me shopping. I met some college guys on the bus. I told them I was on Tender and they want to meet me on the bus again. They felt me up. If you go with me I can strip nakie on the bus."
"Sure. We can use Frank's money to bail ourselves out of jail."
"I messaged Todd too. He works as a LARPER at Medieval Times. He can get us in for free."
"Have you been online all night."
"Some of it. It's fun."
"Go take a shower. You're not going to get any sleep today."
"I'm excited. I get to spend a whole day with Mister Frank."
"If he doesn't pass out on you before noon." He laughs.
"Do I have permission to do whatever he wants?"
"Long as you don't get hurt. CONDOM!"
"K! I love you Daddy."
She shot out of bed and hit the showers. Lon was wide awake now.
"$5000. Well hell! Find a couple guys like Frank and we've struck pay dirt. Dammit! Why do I feel crappy about this? I'm whoring my kid out."
Shaking his head he lay back and stared at the ceiling.
"Blueberry pancakes do sound good."
Bacon too. Seeing as Paige was bringing it home now.