This is a stand-alone story. However, it is also a continuation of the story of Grant and Isabelle from my Valentine's Day story "Anniversary Gift" While there is no need to go back and read that one, I hope that you will.

"I can't believe Amelia is in college already. It seems like only yesterday you were sending me pictures of her first day of kindergarten." Kayla reminisced. "And now she's all grown up."
Isabelle set her cup of coffee down on the desk. "I know. I guess she's not my baby anymore."
"Oh, don't pretend like it's some big misfortune for you now. We both know that having her out of the house has been good for your sex life."
Isabelle laughed. "Well, I mean my sex life wasn't exactly bad before she went off to college either, but yea, I guess it makes things easier with her gone." She looked back at Kayla on the screen in front of her. "Which brings us to the reason I called." Isabelle took a breath. "Have you talked to any of the girls recently?"
"Sara, Jen, and Samantha? I haven't heard from any of them in years. Why do you ask?"
"Well," Isabelle smirked. "I've been," she paused and thought for a moment. "Reconnecting with them."
"What does that mean?" Kayla was becoming intrigued. Back in their college days, the five of them had been almost inseparable. They had all shared a two-bedroom apartment together. It led to a lot of fun combinations in the bedrooms and a lot of sleepless nights.
Isabelle looked around the room, as if confirming that no one was around. She knew no one was home, of course. Amelia was off at school, and Grant was still on his way home from work. He would likely not be home for another twenty minutes. "Okay, so several years back, Grant started asking about my experiences with other women."
"I'm surprised it took the pervert that long. He knew you were bisexual before you guys started dating." Kayla rolled her eyes. "Typical man, I'm sure. Wanted to get off on stories about his wife and her lesbian lovers."
"Kayla, stop that." Isabelle had been expecting this. "You know he's not like that. I've told you all about Grant."
"Yea, yea. He's a great guy. So why did he want to know about all of us then?" Kayla was bisexual as well, but she certainly leaned heavily toward women. She was distrustful of men, especially straight men.
"Kayla, be nice, or I won't tell you a thing."
"Fine, fine." She took a deep breath and tried to calm herself. "Okay, go ahead."
"Thank you," Isabelle said. She waited a moment to see if her friend was really done complaining or not. When Kayla said nothing more, she continued. "He didn't ask about any specifics. He asked about the four of you. What made you special? What you did to make me happy? If I missed being with women. He wasn't trying to get me to tell him about our sex lives. He wanted to make sure that I was happy, and that he could satisfy me the same way that you could." She paused again. Kayla had crossed her arms in defiance, and her face seemed to show that she was doubting Isabelle's words, but she said nothing. "Anyway, I started out just telling him he was enough. I told him how you and the other girls made me feel. That seemed to help. But it got me thinking about it. And soon I couldn't help it. I asked him if I could tell him more about it."
"Gee, let me guess, Mr. Walking Penis didn't have a problem with you telling him more?"
"Kayla!" She pouted and stuck her tongue out but shut her mouth again. "As a matter of fact, he made it quite clear that he didn't need to hear about anything specific. But I wanted to tell him so badly. So one night, while he and I were playing in bed, I did. It started out as telling him about a fantasy, but it wasn't really a fantasy, it was just a story about one of the times I was with Sara."
She tried not to get turned on thinking about it. Both that time with Sara, and the time that she first told Grant about it were incredibly sexy nights for her, and it was difficult to ignore the heat emanating from between her legs when she started thinking about them. "You remember that time with Sara when you, Jen and Sam were camping, and Sara and I had the apartment to ourselves for the weekend?"
"Damn girl. That's the one you started with? That's like prime lesbian fantasy stuff there. You really wanted to get him going huh?" Kayla started fidgeting in her seat. The memory of that weekend getting to her too.
"What can I say?" Isabelle shrugged with a sheepish grin. "Anyway, I kept trying to add him into the fantasy too, pretending like he was there and such. But he wouldn't go for it. He insisted he didn't want to be a part of it."
"What do you mean he didn't want to be a part of it? You two are the hottest chicks I know. Anyone with half a brain cell and blood in their veins wants to fuck the two of you. And If the two of you are together and already fucking, that's like the fucking jackpot. Pun intended."
"I know right? But he wouldn't. He insisted all he would do if he was there was watch. He only wanted for me to be satisfied." Isabelle carefully slid a hand beneath her skirt. She spread her legs just a little and touched her wet folds. She made sure that it wasn't visible on the camera. "Anyway, so after that night, I confessed to him that the whole thing had been an actual event. After that, it became a kind of regular thing for us. I would tell him about different times that I had been with one or more of your girls while we fooled around." She stifled a moan when she recalled another detail. "He insisted I try to recall exactly how each of you would lick me, and he would try to emulate it himself while I was telling him."
"Oh my God Kayla, it was amazing. You have no idea how amazing his tongue is."
"Yea? Even better than me babe?" Kayla raised an eyebrow. She had always prided herself on being one of the best in that category.
"Oh yea, even better than you Kayla." Isabelle slipped a finger inside of her pussy, trying not to make it obvious what she was doing. So far Kayla had given no indication that she had noticed. "Anyway, for a few years this was a regular thing. I told him about things we had done. Or I told him fantasies of things I wanted to do. He always insisted that he only watch. The most I could ever get him to agree to in my fantasies was to fuck me. But he refused to touch another woman." She looked right at Kayla to make sure she understood. "I'm telling you Kayla, he is for real a good guy. I couldn't get him to cheat on me if I tried!"
"Okay, okay. I guess it sounds like he's for real. Still seems too good to be true. He can say it all he wants, but until he proves it, he's still a walking penis to me."
"Well, then let me continue my story." Isabelle took a breath and recomposed herself. "Just a few years ago now, I gave him a pretty amazing anniversary gift. For our thirteenth anniversary, I invited Sara to come up and get a hotel with us." Kayla's eyes grew larger for a moment and then narrowed. She knew where this was going, and she was trying to decide how she felt about not being chosen for the opportunity. "You know I couldn't pick you Kayla. You are not the biggest fan of men. And I needed everything to go perfectly."
------------
The car came to a stop in the garage; the door closing behind it. Grant quickly unbuckled and got out. His six-foot frame threw a large shadow in front of him. In his college days he could have passed for a linebacker. He had wide shoulders and thick muscular arms. Now, after years of riding a desk, he'd gained a few pounds here and there. He still had that wide frame, but the muscles were much less defined. His business suit hid the weight well though.
He stepped through the front door and set his briefcase down. He did not see his wife Isabelle, but that was not odd. She could be anywhere in the house. It didn't matter either way. When he got home, he had his usual routine. He kicked off his shoes and left them by the coat rack, and then took his suit jacket off and laid it on the back of the couch on his way through the room. He headed straight to the bathroom like he typically did.
In the bathroom, he removed his shirt, folding it haphazardly. He didn't need it perfectly folded, but he liked to keep things neat. Sometimes Isabelle came in while he was showering and he preferred to leave the room clean enough for her to use. Next he undid his belt and pants, letting them drop to the floor. Hooking his thumbs into the band of his boxers he bent over and pulled them down, grabbing his socks as he got to his ankles. Stepping out of each leg, he picked up the pile of clothing and folded it, placing it on the counter with his shirt.
------------
"Really? That's it? After all of that, he didn't try to fuck Sara?" Kayla said with a gasp. After hearing the story of everything that had happened, she was rubbing her clit softly just outside of the camera's view. Over the years, she had tried to get Isabelle to do something with her again, but the moment she had started dating Grant, she had stayed true to him. Even hearing the story of what the two of them did with Sara wasn't enough for Kayla. Maybe She was more open to the idea now, but she couldn't risk it just yet.
"Girl, I practically had to beg him just to get him to eat her out. And I'm not sure he would have gone for it if not for the circumstances. As it was, I had Sara swallowing him whole while I asked him, and promised to ride him while he did it. And heSTILLhesitated!" She took the last sip of her coffee, hoping that the act of drinking would distract her from the puddle on her seat, or how heavily she was breathing. It didn't work. "I'm telling you, I have tried. And Sara wasn't the last either. Like I said, I've been reconnecting with the girls."
Kayla let out a low moan that she hoped Isabelle didn't notice. "Wait, you mean you've gotten together with Sam and Jen too?"
"I have. And It's been just as hot. And he is the same with all of them."
"Damn it, Why am I the last to know about all of this? You're telling me for the last two years you've been fucking the rest of the group, and you're only just now calling me? What the hell bitch?"
"Like I said before, you and I both know how you feel about men. I needed to know that it was okay before I could get you involved."
"Wait," Kayla stopped everything and leaned in closer to the camera. "Is that why you called? Are you calling because you want to set something up? You want me to come join you and your walking Peni-husband?"
"Something like that. But you have to behave Kay. You can't keep calling him a walking penis. He is more than that." Isabelle picked up her mug to take a sip and remembered it was empty. "Let me go get some more coffee, and I'll be right back. When I get back I'll tell you everything okay?"
"Fine. Hurry back though." Kayla watched as her ex-lover got up, straightening out her skirt, and walked out of the bedroom. She smiled to herself. If she didn't know better, she'd think that Isabelle had been doing the same thing as her. Not that she could blame her. That story was insane. And Isabelle had lived it, so it had to have been even better for her.
------------
Isabelle walked down the hall toward the kitchen to get some more coffee. She didn't even notice the briefcase or shoes by the door, or the suit jacket on the back of the couch. She was so focused on Kayla and what she was going to tell her.
After getting Sara to join them in the hotel two years ago, Isabelle had been bringing women home often. Just about once a month she would have a woman there, joining her in the bedroom. Grant would sit in the corner and watch, while jerking off. Sara had come over multiple times, and he allowed her to suck him off, but only after watching for a while.
Jen had come over three times. She got to lick his cum out of Isabelle's pussy after he had fucked her, but that was as close as she had made it to touching him. He really enjoyed fucking Isabelle while she licked Jen.
Sam didn't get even that much. Sam still hadn't tasted him. She'd been over twice, but he would only watch and direct the two of them together. He wouldn't even fuck Isabelle when Samantha was there, he just watched.
------------
Grant was about to turn on the water when he realized that there were no clean towels in the bathroom. Normally there was at least one on the shelf next to the shower door, or hanging on the door. But today there was nothing in here. He knew there would be some in the bedroom closet. They came in handy for sex. Isabelle got soaked during some of their sexual escapades, and having a fresh towel nearby was helpful.
He grabbed his clothes, figuring that if he was going to the bedroom, he might as well bring those with him and drop them in the hamper on his way through. He smiled to himself as he thought about the freedom that he had now that Amelia was away at College. It was almost April, so she had been away now for three months, but it still felt new to him. The ability to walk around the house naked was something he could not freely do since his bachelor days. He hadn't realized how much he missed it until the first week Amelia had been gone.
He proudly walked out into the hallway, with all of his clothes in his hand, instead of on him.
------------
Kayla was watching the camera closely now. She was openly rubbing herself, and didn't want Isabelle to catch her, so she monitored the door to the bedroom while she set one foot up on the desk in front of her. At first the story alone had turned her on. But now, she was thinking about the potential of where this conversation was going to lead next. Isabelle wanted her to come visit. It had been almost twenty years since she had been with Isabelle.
She almost fell off her chair trying to hide herself when she saw Grant walk into the room. She had never seen him in person before, only in pictures. Though typically, in those photos she had seen, he had clothes on. Right now, he was completely naked, holding a pile of clothes in his hand. She couldn't help but notice the rather large piece of equipment hanging between his legs.
Panic set in as he walked right toward the camera. Had he seen her? Grant wasn't covering up, like most men would in this situation, so she guessed perhaps he hadn't. He stopped right in front of the camera, his cock perfectly framed on the screen. It was kept well groomed and she could not deny it was a very nice one. He wasn't fully erect, but still looked to be one of the thicker dicks she's ever seen. The way it hung down low gave the impression that it had an impressive weight to it. Kayla began to salivate a little at the thought of seeing it when he was actually hard. And even better, in person.
Grant leaned over and dropped the clothes into a hamper that was to the side of the desk. Kayla hadn't even noticed until that very moment. She was relieved when he did that. That was what he had come over here for. That meant he probably hadn't even noticed the camera. He may refuse to engage with other women, but few men can avoid getting hard when they realize another woman is checking out their junk.
She slowly began to rub herself again as she watched him turn and walk away from the desk. As he disappeared briefly into the closet, she found herself admiring his ass. Though his upper body had gained some weight, his lower half still showed signs of the impressive build he likely had as a younger man. His ass was well toned, and the muscles seemed to draw her eyes right down into powerful thighs and legs.
When he came back out of the closet, he had a pile of towels in his hand. She said a silent prayer to herself, thanking whatever gods may be listening that the towels didn't block the view of his magnificent cock. It wasn't until he was out of the bedroom again that she realized she was straining her neck trying to see around the corner. She laughed at herself. If only camera's worked that way. It looked as though he was preparing for a shower. If she could get the camera to follow him, she would certainly not object.
------------
Kayla was happily imagining Grant in the shower when Isabelle walked back into the bedroom. "I am so sorry it took so long. I finished that pot and wanted to make a fresh pot for Grant when he gets home. He likes to have a cup of coffee after his shower, and he should be home any minute now."
Kayla blushed a little. She felt a little guilty having ogled Isabelle's husband without her knowledge. She was trying to figure out how to tell her what had just happened when Isabelle interrupted her thoughts. "So anyway, back to the reason for my call. Like I said, I've been getting back together with the girls. And now that I am sure Grant is cool with all of it, well, I decided its time to invite you into the mix." She took a sip of coffee and looked at Kayla. "I know you've never met Grant, but you've at least seen some pictures. Think you'd be interested? I mean, chances are, you'll only be doing things to me anyway." Isabelle stopped and turned around for a moment. She thought she heard a noise behind her. "It's been so long since you and I talked, and even longer since we were together. I don't even know if you would still be interested in me that way."
Kayla laughed out loud. "Shut up Izzy. Seriously. I can't believe you are still like this. After everything back in college, and all this time, you still don't know how amazing you are?" She shook her head in disbelief. "I swear you are the most thickheaded woman I've ever met. Don't you remember how the four of us wereALWAYSfighting over you? Babe, you clearly never knew it or believed it, but you were the reason we all shared an apartment. We all wanted to be with you. You are gorgeous. Thick headed, shy, but gorgeous. And fucking amazing in bed too I might add."
Isabelle was blushing now. It didn't seem to matter how many people told her this, it never really made sense to her. She didn't think she was that special. She wasn't that tall, only about five-foot seven. Brown hair always seemed so dull to her. As hard as she tried she couldn't get her hair to come out the red that she wanted it to be. With a c-cup she didn't have the smallest breasts of the group from school, but close. Only Jen had smaller breasts with b-cups. About the only part of her that she found remotely attractive was her legs. No matter how bad her self-esteem had ever gotten, even she had to admit she had amazing legs.
"Yea, you guys have been telling me that for years, I still don't believe you. I've seen the four of you, and I've slept with the four of you. Sometimes at the same time. I'm not the top pick. I'm just the easy one."
"Okay hun, you keep telling yourself that. Anyway, yes I am interested. Both in you and your husband. I like what I've seen." Kayla grinned again, thinking about just moments ago when she got a good look at what Grant had to offer. "As a matter of fact, I should probably tell you something."
Isabelle turned when she heard the water in the shower suddenly turn off. She wasn't sure how she had missed it turning on, but then again, she had been a bit distracted by her conversation. "Hold that thought babe. I think Grant is home. Let me go check."
Before Kayla could say a thing, Isabelle was up and out of the room. She didn't know how long her friend would be gone, or what she would say when she got back. Should she tell her that she had seen Grant walking around in the nude? She knew she probably should, but part of her wanted to keep that to herself. After all, she was a little annoyed that Isabelle had waited two whole years before calling her to join in on all the fun.
------------
It was several minutes before Isabelle came back. While she had waited, Kayla had formulated a plan. Now she just needed to get sweet little Izzy to go along with it. As Isabelle sat down in front of the camera again, Kayla noticed something hanging down from the corner of her mouth. It was thick and white. She reached up to her own mouth with a wiping motion. "Um, Babe, you've got a little something on your mouth there."
Isabelle leaned in closer, using the screen as a mirror. Her eyes opened wide when she realized what it was. She blushed and grinned as her tongue parted her lips and scooped up the leaking drop of her husband's cum. "Oops. Sorry."
"You slut," Kayla said with a laugh. "You left me here waiting for you, while you went and sucked off your husband didn't you?"
"I couldn't help it. I didn't mean to. I just went in to say hi real quick, and let him know I was on a video chat with you." It was Kayla's turn to blush now. It was too late to warn him about her. He may not know, but he had already been on full display for her, without knowing. "He was all wet, and naked..." She trailed off thinking about it again. "You'll understand when you see him naked. It's hard to resist him. Really, I had no choice. It was right there. What was I supposed to do?NOTsuck it?"
Kayla laughed again. Partially because she found it funny, and partially to hide the fact that she knew exactly what Isabelle was talking about. And she was right. She had been salivating over Grant's cock just moments ago herself. Had he been actually standing in front of her, and not a camera, she likely would have done the same. But Isabelle didn't know that Kayla had seen that.
"Okay, fine. But you could have at least brought him in here so I could watch!" This was actually part of her plan. She had not anticipated Isabelle giving her such an easy way into it, but it worked perfectly for her.
"I couldn't do that." Isabelle said as her face filled with blood again.
"And why not? You said you had cameras running for your first time with Sara didn't you?" She raised an eyebrow along with her questioning tone. "So what's the difference?"
"But he knew about those cameras. And there was no one watching on the other end." It was a weak protest, and Isabelle knew it.
"Didn't you say that Sara was watching the two of you from the other room before you introduced her to him?" Isabelle nodded reluctantly. "Okay, so no difference." Kayla leaned in and lowered her voice. "Where is he right now? Can he hear us?"
"No, he is in the kitchen getting some coffee and ordering some dinner. He knows I'm on a call with you, so he'll leave us alone for a bit."
"Good. I have an idea then. We are going to have some fun with this."
------------
Grant sighed heavily as he watched the secretary in the office next door try to figure out how to remove her keyboard from the jello mold someone had placed it in. It wasn't an original prank, but it was a classic. It was not the first prank he had witnessed today. This close to the end of the day, so he hoped it might be the last.
In his youth, Grant had been very fond of playing pranks on April Fool's Day. His own father had started him down the path of playing tricks on this wonderful day. But Grant had not played a prank on the first of April in sixteen years now. He had played one on Isabelle the first year they had been together. He gave her a gift of chocolate. Only when she bit into them, she discovered they were nothing more than cotton balls covered in a thin layer of chocolate. He thought it was a funny and harmless joke. She laughed too, but then she told him how much she hated pranks. He never pulled a prank on her again. For the next few years he thought about doing pranks on other people, but each time, he thought better of it.
Now, on April first, he just shook his head and sighed when he saw all the pranks. He missed it sometimes, but mostly, he realized it was only fun if both people enjoyed it. His own secretary was watching the spectacle with a look of relief on his face. He seemed to be glad not to have to worry about such things.
Grant looked up at the clock and saw that there was just another fifteen minutes before the end of the day. "Jake," he called out to his secretary. "Why don't you call it a day. Get a jump start on the weekend."
Jake looked away from his colleague's struggles and turned to Grant. "Are you sure Boss? I don't mind staying."
"No, go ahead. I'm done for the day anyway. Nothing left that can be done in the next fifteen minutes. I might cut out early myself." Isabelle had mentioned maybe bringing a friend over this weekend for some fun. He wasn't sure when that was going to happen, but he was eager to get home regardless. She'd been hinting lately that she might finally be ready to call up the last of the girls she lived with in college. He'd heard the stories. Isabelle had told him about all 4 of them, and the other girls had each had their own stories to tell as well.
Kayla sounded like she'd be an interesting person to interact with. Everything he had heard so far, painted a picture of a very dominant personality. He was very curious how things would go with two such personalities in the room, plus his submissive wife. Would Kayla and him get along? Or would they clash? Isabelle seemed to be worried about the latter, that's why she waited this long to even suggest bringing her into the mix. At least, that's what he assumed.
But he was getting ahead of himself. He didn't even know if that was who she was bringing, if she was bringing anyone home at all. She said shemightbring someone home this weekend. And she had only hinted that shemightcall Kayla. For all he knew it could be one of the other three, or someone completely new. Isabelle owned and operated two bars in town, as well as a restaurant in a nearby town. Between those three places, and the contacts she made networking, she was always finding all sorts of women to bring home.
"Okay then, I guess I'll clock out and head home. Have a great weekend." Jake smiled and turned off his computer. As he started to pack his things, he looked again at his colleague, who was now tearing pieces of jello away from her keyboard. He shook his head and chuckled, thankful his boss didn't do things like that.
Grant started gathering his things together. He grabbed his phone and sent a quick message to Isabelle to let her know he was going to leave a few minutes early. It only took one time of him coming home early unexpectedly, and catching her still setting up a special plan. After that, he made sure to always let her know ahead of time if his schedule was going to change.
------------
Isabelle was reading through a proposal the manager of one of her bars had sent her when her phone beeps letting her know there was a new message for her. She set the proposal down for a moment and checked her phone. Her heart leapt in her chest and caught in her throat for a moment. Grant was leaving the office early. It was almost time to put Kayla's plan into action.
She practically jumped up off the couch. For the last several days, she and Kayla had been talking things over and finalizing the plans. Yet for all of that, Isabelle still didn't really know what would happen. She knew only the very basic outline. Beyond that, she was going to be at the mercy of Kayla and Grant's whims and desires.
She grabbed the proposal and walked it over to the coffee table. She had only gotten about halfway through it so far, and it seemed like her manager had some good ideas on how to improve the bar. But the rest of it would have to wait until later. For now, she had some things to get ready.
She headed to the kitchen first and put on a pot of coffee. Regardless of the direction of the night's events, coffee would be needed. Usually it was decaf that she made this time of day, but today was Friday. On Friday's they liked to stay up later, knowing that they did not need to get up early in the morning. She usually picked one night during a weekend to stop by each of her establishments and check up on them, but this weekend, she had decided not to. They could survive without her for a few days. She had good managers and excellent staff.
She called the local pizzeria next, and put in their standard order. Ordering it now, it should get here just before Grant got home. She would put it in the oven to keep it warm until it was time to eat.
Once the order was placed, she needed to get the cameras set up. She had been a bit confused when Kayla said she wanted two cameras. But Kayla had explained everything, and helped her figure it all out. The first camera would be the one on the computer in the bedroom. All she needed to do was move it a little to make sure it was facing the bed. She turned the camera on so she could see where it was pointed and adjusted it until the angle was just right. Once she had it right, she turned the screen off. For this to work, he couldn't know the camera's were running.
Next she grabbed her phone and went to the bathroom. There she found a spot near the door where she could prop the phone up. She turned the camera function on and played with it a bit to make sure it was right. She found an angle that would show most of the bathroom, including the door in and out of the shower. Isabelle set a cup in front of the phone to hold it in place and hide it from view and then turned out the lights.
As she was leaving the bathroom she looked down at her watch to check the time. She didn't think it had taken her that long to set up the cameras, but the pizza should be here any minute now, followed closely by her husband. She pulled out her work phone and opened up the video conference app. Once it was open, she sent out the invitation for Kayla to join, as well as one to both her phone and her computer. She went back to the bathroom and accepted the invitation on her phone. Then she went to the bedroom and did the same on the computer in the bedroom. Now, thanks to the guidance of Kayla, she had it set up so that whichever device was making the most noise, would automatically be the primary video and audio feed. Kayla would mute her end when she logged in, and Isabelle muted her work phone as well.
The doorbell rang as she was turning the screen back off on the computer. "That must be the pizza," she said out loud to herself. She turned out the light and skipped her way down the hall. She reached into her purse, hanging on the coat rack, with one hand while she opened the door with the other. On the other side of the door was a young man, holding four boxes.
"Hello Ma'am. I've got two large pizzas, cheesy breadsticks and a cookie pizza."
"Yup, that's me alright."
"Total comes to $35.50." He said as he handed the boxes over to her.
Isabelle handed him the money. "Here's fifty. Keep the change." The kid's jaw practically dropped. He must have been new. Most of the delivery drivers knew them pretty well, and they always tipped high.
"Thank you. Thank you very much." He practically tripped over himself as he backed away. He looked like he was trying to leave before she changed her mind. She giggled a little. There was no chance of that, but the poor kid had probably never gotten a tip like that before.
She closed the door and turned carefully, trying not to drop the pizzas. There wasn't much time before Grant would be home, so she wanted to get the pizza into the oven. She already had it turned on. It had a warming function, that would basically just keep it at its current temperature. She checked her phone and saw that Kayla was logged into the video chat. She was sitting in her chair, with nothing but a bra and panties on, just waiting for the action to start.
------------
Kayla's eyes darted back and forth between the clock and the camera screen constantly. She had been logged in now for almost thirty minutes, and so far, there was nothing but her own image on the screen. On the bottom of the screen there were three small boxes, each was a dark, almost black image. One was labeled as Izzy, one as Izzy2 and one Izzy3. She knew that Izzy was the computer. That was the same label she had seen when they had chatted the other day. And she knew the other two were both cell phones, but she did not know which was which. All three were inactive and dark.
She knew that at any moment, there could be activity on one of the screens. It was around the right time for Grant to be home now, so if everything went according to plan, he should come into the bathroom any moment now. And it couldn't happen soon enough. Kayla was getting impatient. Ever since he had walked in front of her camera, she could not get the image of him out of her head. And now she was going to get so much more than that.
Isabelle didn't know it yet, but Kayla was in town. She had actually driven up and gotten a hotel just fifteen minutes outside of town. Tomorrow morning, she planned to call Isabelle up and invite herself over for even more fun. But for tonight, she would be content to watch from behind the computer.
A click and a flash of light caught her attention. The box labeled Izzy2 took over the screen as it sprang to life. Grant walked into the room and stood just in front of the camera. She watched with bated breath as he slowly took his clothes off. When he pulled his boxers down, revealing his cock and stared at it.
He looked to be semi-hard again, just like the other day. She wondered if he was just perpetually hard like that. Isabelle had told her that Grant had a sex drive that rivaled that of the five of them. She hadn't really believed her at first. But with all the stories she'd heard over the last few days, which she had confirmed with the other girls as well, she was beginning to believe. If he had that much of a sex drive, he had to be horny all the time. God knows she was. And if he was horny all the time, that would certainly explain the hardness she was seeing.
She watched as he folded his clothes in a pile and placed them on the counter. Thankfully, he did not block the phone. He turned around and opened the door to the shower and leaned in, turning the water on. She cursed her luck when she noticed the shower glass was frosted, and she would not see much once he entered. Luckily, according to Isabelle, he typically took quick showers. When he stepped into the shower she booed, even though no one would hear her. It still made her feel better knowing that her objection was made audible.
------------
Isabelle was watching from her daughter, Amelia's room. She had snuck in there when she heard Grant pull up to the house. She knew his routine pretty well and figured she could time this just right. When he stepped into the shower, she stood up and reached behind her shoulders, undoing the button that held the top of her dress together. Once undone, she easily slipped it down off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. She looked back at the screen, concentrating on the frosted glass. Grant's silhouette could just barely be made out, and if she watched close enough, she could monitor his movements. He always started with his hair and then moved on to his body. When she saw his figure bend over, she knew he was washing his legs, and that was what she had been waiting for. He was just about done, which meant it was time for her to go. She took a few breaths to calm her nerves before leaving the room and moving toward the bathroom.
------------
Kayla made good use of the time Grant spent in the shower, and removed what was left of her clothing. She knew what was coming up next, and she was going to want free access to her body when it got started. With her large breasts finally free of her bra, she felt a sense of relief. As if a pressure was lifted from her shoulders and her rib cages all at the same time. It was a freeing feeling, one that she looked forward to every day. She felt a familiar tingle of excitement when Isabelle walked into the frame.
Isabelle had changed little. Her hips were a little wider now, showing the signs of childbirth, but beyond that she had aged beautifully. Kayla grinned at the familiar sight of Isabelle slowly dropping to her knees. In the past it had been to service whoever Kayla had told her to. Sometimes it was one of the girls; sometimes it was Kayla herself; occasionally it was even some random guy that Kayla or one of the other girls was seeing.
Isabelle may have been everyone's favorite in the group, but Kayla had been the dominant one for sure. They had all been submissive to her at one point or another. Isabelle has stayed that way the entire time, the others went through phases of being willing to submit or not.
Seeing Isabelle on her knees once more brought back a lot of fond memories. Kayla realized that in a way, Isabelle wasstillgetting ready to service someone that Kayla had told her to. It just happened, that this time around it was Isabelle's husband, and she would likely have been doing it anyway.
The room fell suddenly silent as the water turned off. A cloud of steam poured out of the shower when the door opened. Grant stepped through the steam like a rock and roll star walking through the smoke machine at a show. Kayla was pretty sure it didn't happen in slow motion, but that's how she saw it. She saw his leg first, and then the tip of his hard cock poked through the steam before the rest of his body came through.
He stopped just outside the shower when he saw his wife kneeling on the floor a few feet in front of him. The steam seemed to billow around him like a cape of mist. He smiled down at Isabelle and stepped forward.
Thankfully, Kayla had made sure that Isabelle had tested this angle ahead of time, and the camera was in the perfect place. She had the perfect view of his magnificently erect tool as he slid it into his wife's open and waiting mouth. He didn't say a word, he just stepped closer to her until all but the last two inches were in her mouth.
Then he just stood there. By the moans Kayla began to hear, she knew Isabelle was not sitting idle. When she inspected closer, she confirmed her suspicions. She could see the muscles in Isabelle's throat and mouth moving rapidly. It seemed she had not lost her touch. She was always good with her mouth.
"That's it baby," Grant mumbled. It was the first words Kayla had ever heard from him.Kayla shivered when she heard them. Somehow even his mumbled words conveyed a sense of power and control. She was not used to hearing that kind of voice from anyone other than herself. One of her favorite things to do was to break the wills of so-called 'dominant' men. They tried to dominate her, and she would just destroy them.
Isabelle responded by doubling her efforts. She was no longer sitting still. Now she was rocking back and forth, letting his cock slid in and out through her lips. The muscles in her throat were still working hard as she reached up and wrapped her fingers around him.
It hadn't taken long before Kayla's hand had found its way between her legs. Now two of her fingers were pushing their way in and out of her, matching the motions of Grant's cock in Isabelle's mouth. She may not be able to feel it, or fuck it, but she was at least going to pretend. It amazed her that her friend could take as much of it as she could into her mouth.
As if Grant heard her thoughts, his hand came down on the back of Isabelle's head and began to push her deeper onto his pole. Kayla watched in delight as the last few inches slowly disappeared. Based on the lack of gagging sounds coming from the speakers, she had to assume that this was a regular occurrence for them.Little Izzy is a talented oneKayla thought to herself. She noticed the slight bulge in Isabelle's throat as her husband's cock slid down her gullet.
He held her there for a moment before pulling back out. Isabelle gasped for air quickly before he plunged his cock back down her throat. He did this several times before Isabelle tapped him on the thigh. When she did this, he let go. She held still for a moment, before pulling back herself, a string of saliva connecting the tip of his cock to her lips, stretched out until it finally broke when she pulled back far enough. She took several long gasps for air before looking up at him. "Are you going to cum for me? Please, I need your cum Daddy!"
------------
The 'Daddy' had just slipped out. She had not intended to call him that, but it was a habit. It was something she called him all the time, part of their power dynamic. But she had not told Kayla about it yet, so she had been trying to avoid it for now. They had gotten into the BDSM lifestyle early in their relationship, and it hadn't taken long for them to land on a Daddy-dom/little kink. It fit their personalities perfectly. She was submissive and enjoyed being cared for. She also happened to be a little stubborn at times, which added a little brattiness to things. Grant had a dominant personality, but not in a forceful way. He just naturally took control of things. And he was a very caring individual. It used to drive her nuts the way he insisted on paying for things and opening doors for her until he had explained to her that he literally craved those things. It was an integral part of how he showed his love and care for her. They worried it might be a little weird, right until the very first time that she had called him Daddy. It had turned them both on so much, that they never looked back.
Now, she just hoped that her slip up would not be noticed by Kayla, or that she would at least wait until later to ask for an explanation. "Please baby, cum on my face," she said, trying to cover her mistake. She reached up and grabbed his cock, slick with her saliva.
Grant looked down at her and groaned as she started to stroke his hard member. It wouldn't take long for him to be finished off, after fucking her throat like that. With her now begging for him to cum on her face, he was even closer. As shy as she usually was, it made the occasions when she knew what she wanted, and asked for it, so much more exciting.
He felt it bubbling up from his loins quickly. "I'm gonna cum baby." He reached down and grabbed his cock from her. She let go and leaned back, opening her mouth waiting for her prize. His hand slid over the wet skin of his cock rapidly as it pulsed and began to grow to accommodate the fluid coursing through it as he grunted. A thick white rope of cum came shooting out of the head, hitting Isabelle right on the nose and in her mouth. He moved his cock around, painting her face with each subsequent eruption, until there was a web of semen covering her face.
As he finished, he staggered back against the counter. He stood there catching his breath for a moment. Isabelle sat up taller on her knees, turning toward both the mirror and the hidden phone. She slowly used her fingers to scoop the cum from her face one line at a time, and bring it to her mouth. She made a show of sucking and licking each finger clean.
When she was done, she looked up at her husband with a smile. "Let's take this to the bedroom. I have a little surprise for you."
Grant grinned and held out a hand to help her up off her feet. Kayla laughed a little. The grin on his face seemed to imply that he thought he knew what the surprise was. He was in for a treat.
------------
Isabelle led her husband into the bedroom by the hand. She and Kayla had worked out the plan. Kayla had two things she wanted to see first, before they revealed the surprise. All that was left was to let her see Grant's oral skills. She had been talking them up so much, Kayla wanted to see proof. Isabelle couldn't guarantee that he would be willing to performwithKayla, he had only done that with Sara the one time, so it was unlikely. In fact, there was no real guarantee that he would even eatherpussy when Kayla was here either. He was so picky about when he would take part, and what he would do. Hereally didjust like to watch.
Grant looked around the room, searching for another woman hiding in a corner. He craned his neck, trying to see into the closet, but did not see anyone in there either. "So?" He looked back at her quizzically. "What's the surprise?"
Isabelle smiled as she sat on the edge of the bed, making sure she was facing the computer. The desk was on her side of the bedroom, so it was not out of the ordinary for her to sit here. "Soon my love. You'll get your surprise in due time." She scooted back a little and spread her legs open, knowing that she was giving Kayla a delightful view. "First, get that magical tongue of yours over here and show me what you can do."
She knew that would get his attention. Isabelle rarely requested things in the bedroom, especially not oral sex. She knew she could. Grant insisted that he loved not only doing it, but having her ask for it. But she always felt selfish asking for it. She wasn't sure why. Perhaps because some of her previous boyfriends just had not enjoyed doing it, and treated it more like a chore. She wasn't like that with women, but with men, she was just used to the idea of them not wanting to do it. She would have thought after sixteen years of marriage, that she would be used to his way of things by now. Instead, she still felt awkward asking for it.
Sometimes he would tease her mercilessly for however long it took until she would beg for it. She was stubborn too, so there had been times that he had been between her legs, kissing her thighs, driving her crazy, teasing her for close to twenty minutes before she finally gave in and begged him to eat her pussy.
But, true to his word, he hadNEVERdenied her when she asked for it. Even when they had their "seduction" days where she spent all day trying to seduce him, and he would playfully resist her as long as he could. He never once denied her a request to please her orally. He knew how she felt about it, and he made sure that she had no reason to doubt that he enjoyed doing it.
His eyes lit up when she said it now, just like every other time. He was like a kid in a candy store. In an instant, he was on his knees in front of her, pushing her down onto the bed. He slid his hands under her legs and pulled her closer to the edge, so that he had the access he wanted. Once she was in position, his left hand came around the top of her to spread her lips open, revealing her engorged nub, already glistening wet. As if being around him wasn't enough to get her wet, sucking his cock always got her juices flowing. And today she had the added effect of Kayla watching.
The total time from when she had uttered the request, to when his tongue touched her lips could not have been more than forty-five seconds. His tongue was like a warm velvet vibrator on her pussy. As soon as she felt it touch her, a moan escaped from deep within her throat. She never knew for sure how he would start, he did it differently each time. Sometimes he would go right for her clit, either licking or sucking on it. Today he flattened his tongue along the bottom of her slit and slowly licked his way up, as if he was licking an ice pop. He stopped just short of her clit and went back to the bottom to start again.
Isabelle moaned for several minutes as he continued to do this. "FUCK!" She had just been getting used to the motions and feelings he was causing when he changed things up on her. A finger was now penetrating her. As his tongue made its trip up toward her clit, the finger pushed into her, and then pulled back out by the time he came back to the bottom.
This was not a new move for him. She knew it well. This was usually a prelude to him moving on to licking or sucking on her clit. When he started stimulating her pussy, he liked to keep it stimulated. But he never neglected her clit for long. He had several techniques he used on her clit, all of which could not only make her cum, but legitimately cause a blackout.
True to form, it was only three or four more trips back and forth of his tongue before he finally allowed his mouth to reach the summit, and plant its proverbial flag in her clit. Her arms were flailing about, trying to find something to grab and hold on to as his mouth closed around the sensitive nub.
What came out of her mouth next was a string of vowels at a high pitch. Anyone listening from the outside, might have called to report a bloody murder. Luckily, Grant and Isabelle lived on a large enough piece of property that no one was near enough to hear. They had even soundproofed their room years ago, for when their daughter Amelia was home.
------------
The only person who heard them today was Kayla, and she was watching. She wondered what exactly he was doing to her friend to elicit such noises, but she at least knew that no murder was taking place.
By the time Isabelle cried out with an intense orgasm, Kayla had brought herself to several of her own. She had not anticipated how hot it would be to watch something like this live. Like most people, she watched porn. But she had never considered herself a voyeur or anything like that. The idea of watching other people having sex had never even occurred to her until the other day. So she was not prepared for the rush of excitement she got with it.
When she watched porn, she usually pretended that she was one of the participants. She assumed she would do the same when watching live, but she didn't. Instead, she simply watched and enjoyed the show. She took part in different ways, like matching rhythms and motions with them. When Isabelle came, Kayla had shuddered with another orgasm of her own. It was as if Grant had just madehercum as well! That thought only excited her more, allowing her to cum even easier the next time that Isabelle did.
She lost track of how many orgasms she had, but she knew that Grant had given at least four to Isabelle when he slowed his pace and allowed her body to calm down. Kayla slumped back in her chair, her hands both hanging limp between her legs. Even though she had only watched, and she had not tried to pretend to switch places with Isabelle in her mind, she felt as if it had been Grant's tongue that just brought her to several orgasms, and not her own hands. It was an odd feeling to have.
Based on the similar look of exhaustion on Isabelle's body, she guessed she had a few minutes to recover before they would reveal the 'surprise' to Grant. She watched as he stood up. He stood there a moment, his magnificently toned ass on display for her. He seemed to be trying to decide what to do next. His body kept swaying forward and then pulling back, as if he wanted to mount his wife and fuck her, but thought better of it.
Perhaps he thought she was not ready, or maybe he wanted to wait to see what she had planned for him. Either way, he seemed to decide finally that he would deny his primal instinct, as he stepped to the side and sat down on the bed. Kayla was now graced with a view of his fully erect cock once more. Isabelle had told her that he got turned on by eating her out, and now the proof of that was right in front of her. He appeared to be bigger and harder than he had been in the bathroom.Damn, she's a lucky girl,she thought to herself.
------------
After a few minutes of rest, Isabelle slowly sat up, trying to keep her eyes from staring directly at the camera. She didn't want to give it all away until the last moment. "God DAMN that is a magical tongue baby."
Grant grinned, his face glistening with the fruits of his labor. He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly. "Do what you love, love what you do, that's what they say."
Isabelle cackled. "Well shit, you must really love my pussy then, huh?"
Grant's head snapped toward her so fast she worried he might hurt his neck. His glare penetrated her, to her very soul. "If you're not sure, maybe I haven't made myself clear. I can give you another demonstration." He raised his eyebrow in more of a dare than a question.
"No, no. I surrender.," she said playfully. "I don't think I could handle any more of that tongue of yours right now. You might kill me." Isabelle made a show of pushing him away. There was no genuine effort in it, but the intent was there. "Besides, It's just about time you got your surprise." She cautiously stood up, unsure if her legs were going to handle her weight after the ordeal she just went through. Her hands shot out like a trapeze artist. When she was steady on her feet, she turned to face her husband with a smile. "Don't you agree?" She asked a little louder than he was expecting. As if talking to someone else.
"Definitely. That was hot as fuck, but I think it's time to reveal the surprise!" The voice came from behind her. Grant looked behind her but saw no one. Just a few feet behind her was the desk, with the computer on it. There was no one else in the room.
He looked up at Isabelle and cocked his head to the side, perplexed. "Babe?" That was all he said.
"I've told you about my friend Kayla, right?" He nodded. "Well," she stepped to the side and gestured to the computer.
"Surprise!" came the voice again. Still, he was unsure what he was supposed to be seeing. Isabelle leaned in and pressed the button on the bottom to turn on the screen. On the screen he saw what appeared to be a video chat type application running. In the main window was a black-haired beauty. Her big breasts bounced back and forth as she waved her hand. Her long hair looked plastered to the skin of her shoulder in sweat.
Grant looked at the woman on the screen, presumably Kayla, and then to Isabelle. "What's going on?" He had his suspicions but wanted them to confirm things for him.
"Well," his wife began. "Kayla here wanted to watch us for a bit before coming here to join in on some fun. So, we hatched this plan. She's been watching us on here and is going to continue watching for a bit if that's alright."
Grant looked back to the screen again. That's when he noticed that there were three extra boxes on the screen. The active one was now them, and then one was Kayla. But there were two others. "Who else is watching? There are two other people logged in."
Kayla's image took the main box again as she began to speak. "Actually, no one. Both are your wife. One is her cell phone, hidden in the bathroom. Nice job in there by the way, Izzy." Grant looked back at his wife who was blushing at the compliment.
"The other is my work phone, that I used to monitor your progress in the shower, so I knew when to come in." She said as she sat back down next to him, her fingers wrapping around the flesh of his cock.
Grant looked back and forth between the two women, not sure what to think. He'd been expecting Kayla to be here, in person. It had never occurred to him that they might do something like this. And how had he not noticed a cell phone on the counter in the bathroom? "So, you're telling me, that when I got home today, you were both watching me as I got undressed and into the shower?" Isabelle nodded.
"You got it stud," Kayla said with a whistle. "By the way, you guys should invest in clear glass doors for that shower. It would have made that shower so much more fun to watch."
Grant couldn't help but laugh. "And the two of you planned this together?"
"Well, it was mostly Kayla's idea." Isabelle confessed. Her hand was now slowly squeezing him in a pulsing manner.
"Oh?" He turned back to the screen.
"Damn girl. Just throw me under the bus. I see how it is. You've got yours, no need to worry about me?" Kayla sat up and leaned forward. "Well, I guess it's time for me to come clean then. Do you remember the day you called me last week?"
"Yea, it was Thursday right?"
"Right. Well, when you went to get some coffee, you were gone for a while. And that gorgeous cock you're playing with there? Well, it came waltzing into the room completely unaware that I was sitting here watching." Isabelle's hand stopped moving, and she looked up at Grant. "Trust me babe, he didn't know I was there. He walked in, naked as a jaybird, came right over in front of the camera, dropped his clothes in the hamper, and then left. I think he came in for some towels before his shower."
"You tramp," Isabelle said jokingly. "Why didn't you say anything?"
"Because I was still a little annoyed that you waited so long to call me. Besides, it gave me the idea to do this. And don't even try to tell me you aren't having the time of your life."
Grant just sat there listening to the two women, enjoying himself. His wife had resumed playing with his cock again as the two of them argued over who was in the wrong. If not for her hand on his cock, he'd think they had forgotten about his presence.
"You waited two years to call me! You've been sleeping around with the rest of the girls, and who knows who else, and left me in the dark. I get waiting, I know I'm not exactly the biggest fan of men. But two years? He's probably not even going to let me have a piece of that thing anyway. He should, but from what you tell me, he won't." Her eyes were locked onto Isabelle's hand and forbidden fruit it held.
"You still should have told me that you saw my husband naked!" Isabelle stroked her hand up and down the length of his cock. Despite the arguing back and forth, both women were smiling. They were not upset with each other really. This was just a normal part of their relationship. They would have some kind of mock argument, often over another lover, before making up and having wild sex.
Kayla sighed. "Okay, okay. You're right. I probably should have said something. But, I mean, look at that thing. I was mesmerized by it. And I was worried that if I told you, you wouldn't say yes to my plan."
Isabelle looked down at the cock in her hand. "I get that. ItIShypnotizing. This thing has had a firm grip on me since the first time I saw it." She gave his cock a little shake, waving it at the camera. "I guess I waited longer than I should have to call you. I'm sorry. I think I was just nervous. Everyone else was easy, I knew each one of them would love him. But you are so touchy with men. I just really wanted all of you to like him."
Kayla licked her lips. "Izzy, think about that for a moment. Seriously. How could anyone not like whatever man is attached to that cock? And besides, from what you've told me about him, he is damn near the perfect man. And you love him, how could I not at least give him a chance?"
"You're right. I know you are. But you know how I get."
Grant was leaning back, enjoying the attention of his wife's hand. They were talking about him as if he wasn't there in the room. He wasn't sure if that should bother him or not, but he didn't really care right now. He was beginning to get an idea of where this was all going to lead, and he was just going to enjoy the ride.
For a few moments, he tuned their voices out. When he heard them again, they were no longer arguing. "It's so big in your hand. Or maybe your hand is just small. Probably a bit of both I guess."
"No, he is just big. My hands are not as small as they used to be. It took me months of practice to be able to take him all the way down my throat. Look," Isabelle said, twisting her hand around until the back of her hand was behind him. "I can't even touch my fingers together around him, he's so thick. Can you imagine this being shoved down your throat?" She lifted her free hand up and wrapped her fingers around her throat, imagining it. "Or sliding in and out of your pussy? And oh my God when he fucks my ass..." She trailed off and shuddered a little at the thought.
"I can't lie. I was very impressed earlier when you were taking it all. But seriously, unless you are going to convince him to let me experience some or all of those things, then how about you stop telling me about them, and start showing me?" That got Grant's attention. He knew that his wife wanted more participation from him with the women she brought home. She had been reasonably understanding with him about it, though. During the very first threesome they had done, with Sara, he had allowed more participation than he had anticipated. After that, he went back to mostly just watching. He had trouble justifying it with Sara, so he had allowed her to suck him off, as long as Isabelle started things. She had already done that in the first get together, so he felt obligated to allow it to continue. But for everyone else, he either just watched, or only touched his wife. A few had been allowed to touch him, guiding him into his wife, stroking him as he came in or on her. But that was it. And Isabelle had not been pushy about it. She had asked about it once, and then accepted his answer. However, she seemed more submissive toward Kayla than any of the other women she had brought home. He wondered if Kayla might convince her to try once more.
"Since you are not here, I guess I'll just have to give you a demonstration." Isabelle turned to Grant, acknowledging his presence beyond just his genitals for the first time in several minutes. "You don't mind, do you, baby? Kayla would like to watch."
Before he could answer, Kayla spoke up. "Look at how hard he is. Of course he doesn't mind. Just lay him down and do what I tell you." This was an interesting turn he had not expected. Since the video chat had been revealed, he had been expecting that he'd be 'performing' in front of the camera. He had not expected to have a director. Isabelle, still looking at him, seemed to be waiting for him to agree. That was a good sign for him. As subordinate as she was toward Kayla, she was still deferring to him for ultimate control.
He nodded his consent. He swung his feet up onto the bed and lay down flat on the bed. Isabelle climbed over him to the other side so that she was not blocking the view of the camera. "Can you see everything okay?"
In response Kayla gave a low growl and a whistle. "Oh, I see everything babe." She leaned back again, adjusting her camera so that it showed the entirety of her own body. Her thick legs were spread open again, and she had a large black dildo shoved inside of her shaved pussy. "Now, why don't you show me again how you can take that monster down your pretty throat." As she said this, she grabbed a hold of the rubber cock and began to slide it in and out of her. The wet folds of her lips hugged it as it penetrated her.
Isabelle leaned forward, watching the screen the whole time. Her fingers wrapped around the base of her husband's cock and gave it a squeeze. She winked at the camera, opened her mouth and then dove down, taking him all the way in one shot. "Fuck yea," came Kayla's voice from the computer. "You are such a good slut. I can't believe you can do that so easily."
Isabelle angled Grant's cock toward her and began to bob her head up and down, keeping her eyes glued to the screen the whole time. Grant was watching too. He lifted his arms up, crossing them behind his head. "I bet her throat feels good on your rod doesn't it Grant?"
Oh, an interactive director,he thought.She wants my input too."It feels amazing. Even after all these years, and all her practice, her throat is still tight around me."
"I bet most holes are tight for you big boy." Kayla said. "Now Izzy, As hot as all this is, I've already seen this and we can come back to it later. Why don't you get that sexy ass of yours up on top of him and let me see you ride that thing."
Grant watched as Kayla picked up her speed in fucking herself. She was getting off not only watching them, but telling them what to do. He felt the cool air hit his cock as Isabelle removed him from her mouth and sat up. She didn't waste any time at all, swinging her leg over him and raising her body up until she was right above the rigid pole she intended to impale herself on. He reached down and helped to guide his cock into her as she lowered herself onto him. As she felt his cock push inside of her, her eyes slowly started to roll back into her head. With each inch they moved a little more, as if he was pushing some sort of button inside of her as he filled her up.
On the other side of the computer, Kayla was moaning loudly. When Grant looked back over, he saw that she had pulled the dildo out, and replaced it with a vibrating wand, pressed against her clit. She was attempting to push the dildo down her throat, but having trouble getting more than the first few inches in.
A groan came from both Grant and his wife, when Isabelle finally hit the bottom. She flexed her core muscles, squeezing the entire length of him. He in turn did the same, causing his cock to twitch and throb inside of her.
"Well, don't just sit there," came the panting voice from the computer. They both looked over to see that Kayla had temporarily pulled the dildo from her mouth to take a breath. "I know I'm fun to watch too, but I want to see some action."
Grant took the initiative this time. His hands were already down by his sides, so he grabbed his wife's hips and lifted her up. She was still squeezing him when he did, so it felt like she was trying to hold him tighter and stop him from pulling out. He was strong though, and she was no match for his powerful arms. Her body was lifted, sliding along the shaft of his cock. Grant got a wicked grin on his face as he held Isabelle at the top of his cock. He turned and looked directly at the camera. He gave Kayla a wink and dropped his wife. Isabelle's eye's shot open as she was impaled by gravity's force. She lost her balance and almost fell off of him when she landed, but Grant's strong hands were there to steady her.
Isabelle leaned forward and placed the palms of her hands on the soft hair of his chest. She flexed the muscles in her short legs, lifting her up and then back down again. It only took a few strokes of her body before she fell into a steady rocking motion.
"Fuck that looks good," panted Kayla. She had abandoned the idea of trying to swallow the dildo, and tossed it to the side. "This is the perfect angle. I can see almost every inch of him as you slide up and down his shaft. And with your arms where they are, they are pushing your tits out nicely too." A moan interrupted her. "They look so good. I wish I could sit there, maybe on your husband's face and suck on those nipples." This time it was Isabelle who moaned. "Or better yet, what if I got behind you, and I could suck those balls and lick that shaft as you ride him?"
"Fuuuuuuck, please..." Isabelle began to shake. "Please baby, I need to cum." Grant was impressed. Years ago, in the beginning of their exploration into the kinky side of sex, he had begun to train her body to respond to his commands. It wasn't just that shecouldcum on command. Over the years it had become aneed. Without his permission, she would ride the edge of orgasm for ages. Occasionally, during times of heightened arousal she would be able to cum without him, though she was not supposed to. And he would typically punish her if she did.
So, when she asked for release, he was a little surprised. He thought for sure that this might be one of those times that she might be pushed too far. He played into the fantasy that Kayla was building for her. "That's right, baby. Cum for me. Cum all over my cock while she licks it."
It was like he had pressed a button and opened the floodgates. He felt the warm gush of fluid around his groin as her motions became erratic. From the computer he heard Kayla scream out in what sounded like an orgasm of her own. Grant's hands, which had been just lightly touching his wife's hips for guidance, now gripped her firmly, and held her still. He planted his feet on the bed, his knees bent, and he pushed his hips up off the bed. The sheet of the bed slipped a little, and he fell back, but he replanted and did it again. Once he had a solid base, he began to move his hips up and down, fucking his wife, even as she continued her orgasm.
He was trying to get to a point of finishing himself. It had not been that long since he had cum in the bathroom, so he knew it may be too soon. But, he also knew that the more stimulation he got, the more likely he was to cum again. And there was not much more stimulating than how tight his wife's pussy got when she came.
He felt that familiar pressure building and smiled. Just as he thought he had succeeded though, he heard Kayla's voice. "Get off of him Izzy. Quick. He looks like he's going to cum, and I'm not done with you two just yet."
To his dismay, Isabelle climbed off of him. He had been too focused on what he was doing, and she caught him off guard. "Don't fret big boy. You'll get yours soon, I promise. Just do as I say."
Grant was not used to taking commands, and he was not overly fond of it. He didn't mind some direction from her, but outright commands would not fly. It was just not the way he operated. Since he was a child, being told to do things was the worst possible way to get him to do something. Give him a command or try to force him to do something, and he was more likely to refuse, or do the exact opposite. He had once lost out on an achievement he had been dreaming about for years, simply because his father had pushed a little too hard, and it felt like a requirement all of a sudden.
"Izzy, why don't you get on all fours, facing me." Grant sat up and swung his feet over the edge of the bed. He had an idea of where this was headed. As he watched his wife follow Kayla's directions, he realized Kayla had not actually given him any actual directions the whole time. She seemed to recognise that he was not likely to accept direct commands, and was instead doing things through Isabelle. It made sense. From what he had been told, Kayla was a Domme, and good dominants, could read others, and knew how to deal with them. He had read her pretty quickly. He was reasonably sure that, despite what everyone seemed to think, she was actually a switch. It was likely that his wife, and the other girls, had never seen the other side of her, because they didn't have the right personality. But someone like him,mightjust be able to bring out Kayla's submissive side.
As Grant stood, his cock bounced up and down right in front of his wife's face. She leaned down and took it into her mouth. "Mmm, no fair. I bet that tastes amazing. A big sausage like that, covered in your juice."
Grant chuckled. "She does seem to like it. She does this all the time." He looked to the side at the camera. "But something tells me this is not what you were looking for when you told her to get in this position." He stepped back, pulling his cock from his wife's mouth. Grant walked around the bed and climbed up, behind his wife. "I think perhaps this is the view you were looking for?"
"Gorgeous, well hung,ANDsmart. You have yourself quite a man there, Isabelle." Kayla reached to the side, off camera, and picked up a small glass dildo. "This way you both get to watch me, while I watch you. Now Grant, Izzy had a bad habit of dropping her head when you fuck her. Do me a favor and grab that hair of hers. It'll hold her head up. She needs to see this."
As Kayla pushed her new toy into her pussy, Grant aimed his cock at his wife, and leaned forward, entering her slowly. As tight as she was normal, this position always made her feel even tighter. He knew he would not last long in this position. As he slid into her, he reached forward and gathered her hair into his fist. He wrapped the hair around his fist once to make sure it didn't slip out and then pulled back. This forced her head to come up a little, and her entire body to shift back, pushing him deeper into her.
"That's it," Kayla said as she shoved the dildo into her over and over. "Now fuck her like the good little slut she is." Grant's first instinct was to match the rhythm of Kayla's motions, but she was moving too fast and erratic for his tastes. Instead, he set his own pace. He pulled back, hesitated for just a brief second, and then slammed his hips forward. On the screen, he could see not only Kayla, but in the box for their own camera, he could see what Kayla saw. Isabelle's breasts were swaying back and forth as he pumped into her from behind. It was a very evocative image. Her face was contorted in pleasure as he pulled back on her hair. His frame behind her looked very large and powerful. It gave the impression that she was much smaller than she was, or that he was larger than he was.
Grant noticed that Kayla had once again moved her camera, giving them a closeup of her pussy as she fucked it with her toy. His grip on Isabelle's hair grew tighter as he pulled her head back further, making sure she could see as well. "See that baby?" He said as he slammed his cock into her and held it deep within her. "Just imagine that she's here, and right in front of you. Lick that pussy for me, while I fuck you." Isabelle tried to nod her head up and down in agreement, but he was holding her too tightly. He felt the movement though, and watched on the screen as his wife stuck her tongue out, and pretended to lick the pussy that was far out of reach. "Good girl," he said. "Can you feel that Kayla? Can you feel her tongue on your clit while you play with yourself? She's got quite a talent for licking pussy."
Kayla couldn't respond. At least, not with intelligible words. What came out was a jumble of syllables as she cried out in an orgasm. Grant and Isabelle watched in amazement as Kayla's pussy ejected liquid by force all around the glass dildo, still lodged in it.
Grant held still for several seconds, before pulling back and beginning to wildly fuck his wife once more. He could feel the beginning of his orgasm building again, and he did not intend to be denied this time. Isabelle was still licking her phantom pussy as she was being pushed around on the bed by his forceful movements.
"Are you close?" He almost didn't recognise Kayla's voice. She was clearly out of breath from her own orgasm. But she recognised what was going on, and felt the need to push through and speak up. "Don't cum inside of her. I want to see it." He looked up at the screen again and watched the image blur as she moved the camera. When it settled into place, it was back in its original location. She leaned forward, her black eyes piercing through the screen as if she thought she could come through the computer and appear in the room. "When you are ready, pull out. Izzy, roll over to your back when he does. I want him to cum on your face again!"
Grant was more than okay with that. He and Isabelle often had conversations about where was the best place for him to cum, and it always came down to a four way tie. In her pussy, down her throat, on her face, and on her tits. No matter how hard they tried, neither of them could ever quite pick one over the other. They each had their time and place.
With that thought in his mind, he felt the surge come faster. He quickly pulled out, practically leaping off of the bed as he did. Isabelle collapsed on the bed as the sudden emptiness within her sent her tumbling over the edge. When Grant got to the camera side of the bed, she was on her stomach shaking uncontrollably. He grabbed her shoulders and flipped her onto her back quickly, pulling her closer to him, until her head was hanging off the side of the bed. Her eyes were closed, but her mouth instinctively opened.
He bent his knees just enough so that his cock was level with her face, and began to stroke it rapidly, pointing it right at her face. "That's it. Stroke that big hard cock," came Kayla's encouragement from the computer behind him. He had made sure to stand to the side, so that she would still have a good view. He grunted and his hips lurched forward. For the second time today he erupted like a massive volcano, spewing his hot seed all over his wife's face. "YES," Kayla called out. "Cover her in cum. God that looks hot. I wish I was there. I'd lick it all off of her when you were done." He kept stroking, milking the last few drops of cum from his loins. There wasn't nearly as much this time as there had been last time, though still more than he had expected.
Grant felt his knees going weak both from the orgasm, and the way he was standing with them bent. He reached behind him and found the chair his wife used at the desk. Pulling it forward, he collapsed into the chair, letting out a satisfied breath. He reached forward and helped lift Isabelle's head up, as she pivoted in the bed until she was laying on her side facing both him and the computer. The look on her face was one of pure joy. The same look she always got after a good session like this.
"It's too bad you are not here," Grant said, turning to the computer. "I'd love to watch someone lick her face clean right now." He wasn't saying it just for fun either. Watching other women lick his cum off of his wife was probably his favorite part of all of this. There was something about it that just turned him on.
"Well then," Kalya said, the smile on her face evident in her voice without even looking at her. "I guess it's time I give you both my surprise." Grant and Isabelle both looked up at the computer. "Sorry I didn't tell you sooner Izzy, but I wanted it to be a surprise. You know the Rodeway Inn just outside of town? Well," she trailed off as she lifted the camera once more and panned around the room. By the decor it was obvious she was in a hotel room, and not her own house. "Guess who's in town? If you'll let me, I'm only about fifteen minutes away. What do you say guys?"
Grant looked back at his wife. Isabelle was looking up at him through holes she had wiped into the mask of cum on her face. The look on her face was clear. She was hoping he would say yes. He nodded and turned back to the computer. "I can't guarantee that she won't clean herself up before you get here, but there's a key under the Squirrel statue by the front gate. Go ahead and let yourself in."
He was barely done saying it before Kayla had logged out. Grant turned back to his wife and laughed. "Well, looks like we are having company. I better order something to eat or something. And get some coffee going."
Isabelle beamed with pride. "No need Daddy. There's pizza in the oven staying warm, and a fresh pot of coffee already made."
Grant smiled and stood up. "Well, I guess you thought of everything. Why don't we go get some coffee while we wait." He held out his hand to help her up off the bed, knowing that her legs were likely not going to be very steady right now. "And get you some water too. You're going to need it. You have a long night ahead of you." Isabelle's eyes went wide, realizing that he was right. With Kayla coming over, she was about to have a very long night. A good one, but a very long one.

This is my submission to theApril Fools Day Story Contest 2023. If you enjoyed it, please vote. I'd also appreciate any and all constructive feedback.


I Hope you are enjoying Grant and Isabelle's story. There is more to tell. Stay tuned in for more to come!