Chapter 12 - When Gary met Harry
Another gloriously hot day. It was being an excellent summer. Gary Roldern sat back in his chair and admired his garden. Plentiful watering had certainly brought out the best in the flowers and the vegetables. All were looking fine and strong. He had been at work all morning and had just come back out after a quick shower and, having poured himself a large glass of lemonade from the 'fridge, was taking a well earned rest.
Watering the garden required a hosepipe. His own supply of 'water' was nowhere near enough of course, though one advantage of being a naked gardener was there was no need to fumble around and extract his own hosepipe - he could just go! It was too hot to water the garden with the hosepipe just then. He would do that in the cool of the evening.
Gary stared out from underneath his old straw hat - he did not garden completely naked, gardening shoes or boots and a hat were his gardening outfit. He smiled to himself. Perhaps a shame not to have a regular companion, even a wife, to share his pleasure in naked gardening. As he often did he wondered how many naked gardeners there were out there and how many perhaps gardened nearby? It would be pleasant to garden with a woman, watch her move, see her bend to weed, revealing things about herself often hidden; nice to see the wobble of her breasts as she walked across the garden; nice to see her nakedness - and that thought about naked women rather indicated that Gary did not solely take a simple pleasure in being unclothed; rather revealed he was not simply a naturist but saw a considerable sexuality in being naked outdoors.
He would most definitely like to go and help out with the gardening at some historic house, or the like, where the trustees were keen to see the garden looking its best, particularly if naked gardening was the norm but he would prefer if it was laced with the sexual. Gary would be happy to work hard but would also like to rest on his spade and watch, with no objection taken to him erecting, as he observed other gardeners at work or indeed engaged in sex. Nice to be able to freely wank or more; perhaps going home each time leaving a deposit of semen - or deposits - in or upon a different woman each time. Pleasant to be able to watch other male gardeners working 'hard!'
Nice to perhaps stand with another male gardener watching some enthusiastic sexual activity and enjoying discussing what they were seeing, not only unconcerned they were both sporting erections but being happy to wank together. Nicer still if a passing young female gardener then offered the use of her mouth or vagina as a place to put or plant their seed. Naturally best if the girl's 'ground' was temporarily infertile - unlike Zoe's 'ground.'
As was usual for Gary his thoughts lead to an erection. It was tempting to go into his garden shed and have a pleasant and long wank - enjoying the hot sweatiness the shed brought out in full summer but he contented himself with gently moving his foreskin whilst he sat there thinking of the gardening party and the naked women. So nice to think of them bending and revealing their long, soft slits, some perhaps hairy others perhaps shaved, some with little pink bits poking between thick labia. It would not just be women: there would be naked men like himself. Nice to watch them erecting and then being fondled or even sucked by the women. Gary imagined a couple of young women, perhaps new to the club giggling at what they were seeing, perhaps egging each other on to be the first to suck a penis. Perhaps as he watched, leaning on a spade, another woman might come up behind him and reach and hold and whisper something about the thickest asparagus stems and...
"Ooops, nearly!" He said out loud to himself.
Well, she had been a very tall and statuesque woman - the girl he had been imagining!
Nice to wank naked in the sunshine, in fact very nice but it did not get things done. Nice to wank to a conclusion - or the conclusion - but that lost the 'ability' for a time and Gary liked to keep himself ready for Zoe's call when he could. If his young friend, Zara, had already emptied him, well then that would be unfortunate and that could not be helped (well, not really) whereas he could choose not to ejaculate on his own.
Gary stood and walked down his garden. It always felt remarkably manly walking erect like that. Nice to imagine doing that in his imagined historic house garden. So nice to be free to do that. It did though require 'good thoughts' and the tall woman was a very good thought - he slipped back into his imagination.
"Hallo Gary, have you met Alan Crampton?"
He imagined the woman, well over six feet tall in his imagination, shaved like a little girl and with big brown, rather puffy nipples sticking out from her chest, almost at Gary's eye level - yes she was very tall - introducing him to another man, Gary turning back towards her and finding another man with her and this other man in her other hand. Were two spears a bunch of asparagus? Not really.
The imagined man just as erect as Gary - well, just as firm - Gary would be just so conscious his erection did not match up. In his mind he gave Alan Crampton a marvellous eight incher.
"No, I haven't, hallo Alan!" It not seeming at all strange to be shaking the man's hand despite both of them being very much 'on display.'
Unsurprisingly, Gary was still very much erect even when he reached his garden shed. Thoughts of the tall woman and both the imagined Alan Crampton and he taking it in turns with their dibbers to plant seeds was not going to lessen that! Gary looked at Zoe's fence. It would be an ideal time to be called around to plant his very fertile seed in her well grown garden! He was very ready for that - clearly ready. She still was not pregnant. His semen did not seem to be as efficacious as the first time. Gary hardly thought he was doing anything wrong. After all, he stuck it in and squirted - copiously - which had done the trick the first time all right! Was Zoe taking advantage of his services at the right time? It would make it so much easier if she did not insist he only 'helped her' straight after her husband had been doing his best but more frequently; it would be easier too if Tom was not kept in the dark, He was sure they could have a lot of fun as a threesome like the tall woman and Alan Crampton! But Tom would not like that at all, he was sure.
From the shed he pulled out his border fork and spade, a pair of loppers and a hand trowel. He had promised Melanie to do some work in her garden whilst she was away visiting her sister in Cumbria (or was it Cleveland - he could not remember). Harry was away the other side of the World on business.
Gary looked at the gate at the bottom of his garden. He was not too worried crossing the loke naked - after all he never saw anyone there - well he had seen Melanie once but she did not count - not after what they had done together. Being naked was one thing but it was perhaps another thing to be in the loke whilst still erect even if the likelihood of anybody being there was remote. One thing to be caught naked: quite another tumescent. Should he go back to the house for a pair of shorts? But they were all the way upstairs and that would be a bother.
An advantage, and perhaps there were not many, of having a short stumpy cock which really did not get any longer when erect was that the erection was only obvious when it was sticking up in the air. Below the horizontal it was hardly noticeable - well, noticeable certainly but not apparently erect. It was noticeably thicker than most men's but passable below the horizontal as just a big cock! Gary knew he looked normal flaccid - indeed rather big when flaccid - it was just erect he revealed his inadequacy.
The thoughts of his less than impressive erection (compared to the glory of the imagined Alan Crampton) settled Gary somewhat and he felt safe enough to peek out and then walk out into the loke and across to Melanie's gate with his penis merely feeling a little 'meaty' and a little turgid rather as if he had just been masturbating. And of course there was a reason for that! Gary had been doing just that act. It was one of the things Gary did. Perhaps he might also, later, have a sly little wank in Melanie's garden thinking about her, perhaps about when she had been there naked with her great grandfather's hoe. Gary had certainly admired its use and the way her voluptuous, and that was the word for it, body had moved in response. As he quietly closed the gate into Melanie and Harry's garden he felt himself stirring again. He frowned - gardening first, wanking in the sunshine later!
It was such a shock turning from the path onto the lawn to find someone there in the garden. The person was as naked as Melanie had been that time, was as obviously engaged in masturbation as Melanie had been, but it was not Melanie - it was her husband Harry.
Leaning back in a garden chair, his legs a little open there was no doubt at all what Harry was doing. Not only was his penis erect but he was moving it with his hand - quite fast. It was obvious he had not seen Gary, was absorbed in his own thoughts and his movement continued for a few seconds more before he realised he was being observed.
Frozen at first at the shock of seeing someone, Gary began edging backwards but it was too late. He had been noticed.
It was almost comical how the hand was snatched away and Harry leapt to his feet. His expression one of shock and horror, his breath coming in short gasps. Had Gary surprised him just at the moment of ejaculation. Certainly his erect penis was twitching. Gary's eyes dropped to it, wondering if it was it about to spurt - a rather unusual greeting!
Perhaps Harry was able to hold himself back, perhaps it was just the shock and sudden rising to his feet that had caused the twitching but nothing came out.
Gary thought he should say something first. Poor Harry seemed tongue tied with his mouth just hanging open. "Melanie... she said you were away and I was to do some gardening. I mean... sorry."
"Ur, oh, I... Gary... I'm so embarrassed, I..." He looked down at himself. There was no getting away from it. That was an erection standing there pointing a little off to the left. "I don't know what to say..." He had undoubtedly been wanking, indeed must know Gary had seen him doing that thing.
People do go red in the face with embarrassment. Harry certainly had. He went on, "You've no clothes on... Melanie said you..."
Gary felt for Harry's embarrassment, "Harry, please, Melanie said to come around and garden and I usually garden naked back at my house. My thing - what I do. My garden's private and so is yours so I didn't bother to dress to come gardening and nobody was meant to be here. And, hey, what have you to apologise for? You've been sunbathing and why put something on in your own garden and with the heat it's hardly surprising that... come off it, with Melanie away and the warm sunshine it doesn't just make the plants grow I find!"
It was an unusual cue, not the sort of one that usually set Gary off, but his penis or rather his subconscious clearly thought the situation sexual and had responded. It had, after all been half way up anyway. So there they were, two men facing each other both with erections. Admittedly Harry's seemed on the way down, moving to the horizontal as Gary's passed it on the ascent.
"See," he said pointing at his own erection, "if it makes you feel better, I've been doing just the same in my own garden - having a nice little wank in the sunshine. Might well have done the same here after gardening, I don't know, perhaps even in your chair! So if you are embarrassed I'm embarrassed! Erections are, well, natural and yours is hardly something to be embarrassed about. Men wank - we all know that."
"Oh." Harry sat back down. His penis not flaccid.
Gary joined him on a nearby chair. "Why are you here? Had I known..."
"Meeting cancelled."
The two men talked and then Harry offered tea.
As Harry walked up his garden towards his house, Gary reflected on what might have happened if it had been Melanie rather than Harry he had discovered sitting and masturbating either with or without great grandfather's hoe. He was sure it would have been a pleasant little time sitting, talking, drinking tea and then, very probably, masturbating together. His penis twitched as he thought about her body and the pleasure of joint masturbation.
Through the French Windows Gary could see Harry pick up his shirt and then put it down again; evidently he had decided that the done thing if your visitor was naked was to stay naked and not get dressed! Gary smiled, did Harry know his wife thought the same?
A cup of tea was always welcome for Gary.
"Do you do much gardening for other people, Gary?"
And Gary explained that he did very little really. He was not trying to make a business of it. He mentioned Heather, and Harry had not unreasonably asked if he gardened naked there too. Gary had admitted he did,
"Well it didn't start out like that but..."
And having indicated there was a 'but' Gary had to explain about the pond and getting into the water to fix the fountain unit. It had seemed easiest to get in naked and not let his clothes get wet. He had not realised Heather was at home.
"Well, at least you did not have an erection!"
"Ah, well... but she had on this very pretty white dress and when she sat down I could see from my standpoint in the pond that she had no panties on. I could see rather a lot actually!"
"Really! Fair or dark?." He was interested.
"Oh fair, very fair and all, I thought, delightfully hairy if you like your women like that. The sun was behind me and just made the hair shine like, um, gold I suppose! And with her legs a little open I could see pink bits - pink frilly bits. It was a lovely sight, the sort of sight we men like I think, and up I went!"
"Oh! Was she shocked?"
"Hardly! She talked about it, which did nothing to lessen the situation, as you can imagine, and then said it was time to feed the fish?"
"What!"
"I didn't get the idea at first but then she reached, took me in hand and wanked me to, um, a conclusion - and we fed the fish."
"Really?"
"Oh most definitely! They certainly came and fed."
"I meant the woman. She brought you off just like that - in the pond! Must have been lovely. A pretty young woman just taking you in hand. Melanie's lovely but the idea of a different woman, a stranger just taking, just like that..."
It was obvious Harry liked the idea a lot. His erection had come again whilst Gary had talked. They were sitting, drinking tea and both erect.
"... just casually reaching and... Wish that had happened to me!"
"The fish'd been delighted! I'm sure Heather would have liked a cock in each hand too! She likes more than one. The fish would have been darting from one place to another as our cum fell!"
And that statement about Melanie liking more than one meant he had to tell Harry about Mark coming home and Heather bringing them both off over her breasts. It did not lessen Harry's erection.
"Such an idea, a pretty girl simply taking you in hand!. Such a pleasing thought, Gary!"
"So, Harry, what were you thinking about when I disturbed you? Was it a young girl taking you in hand?"
"Oh, um. This is such a strange experience, sitting here naked with you, talking about sex and each of us... um... I mean just look at us. Sort of like being little boys again. If I show you mine: will you show me yours!"
"Best with the girls! Two young girls to play doctors and nurses with! So, was that in your thoughts?"
"No, but it's a good idea." He looked up, "Imagine it two young girls in pretend nurse's uniforms coming down the path."
"Not too young!"
"Well, no, perhaps not! I was thinking back to being boys but not too young. Developed is important. The girls would have things to do! I would expect breasts to play a big part!"
"Fondling assists in the taking of semen samples."
"So I would have thought!"
It was a pleasing idea. "Was that what you were thinking?"
"Not quite. I have a bit of a thing about little girls - don't get me wrong Gary not little in the sense of young but just not big. Petite is perhaps a better word. Short girls if you like and I am sure you do! I'm not saying anything against Melanie. Lovely body, actually, but that doesn't mean I don't lust after petite girls."
"Why - what's the particular thing? I mean I quite like tall girls where you have to reach up..."
"I like the idea of lifting the girls up and carrying them," He emphasised the point by standing, perhaps half subconsciously thrusting his erection up into the air. It made the point! "Awfully, and this is a bit of a confession, I like the idea of them being powerless, once pinned on my cock. Stuck there, wriggling away ineffectually, unable to escape the coming insemination, unable to escape my cock sliding steadily between their legs." He was even reaching with his arms as if to encircle the back of the girl. He took a few steps and turned.
Gary stood, "I can see the idea! But I don't think mine would be well pinned! Too short!"
"Oh, I don't know. A bit like the cork in a bottle. I mean..." Harry was eyeing it and trying to gauge its thickness and showing it by holding his finger and thumb apart, "... it's so thick. Once in a little petite girl it would be stuck fast - she would be well stoppered! I like that - unable to escape your penis until you had come!"
He sat again. That's what I was imagining. What do you think about when you wank?"
"Funnily enough gardening often enough over the years. Sometimes things in my garden, sometimes further afield. Sometimes just the one naked woman or girl, or sometimes she's not naked but I am... well to start with!"
"Of course."
"I like the thought of a large garden, perhaps maintained by volunteers but volunteers rather free and easy about nudity and sex. That was what I was thinking about back in my own garden."
"Pleasant to wander and look at the flowers... and the girls!"
"Which are the prettier, indeed? What shall we have? Let's imagine a really tall black girl. A change for me as I've never had the opportunity... so, tall, really black with skin so shiny, big wobbly breasts with coal black nipples, fine strong legs, big bottom and a dark, dark patch of tight, tight, curls - do you prefer her to have hair there like..." He was about to say 'like Melanie,' it was on the tip of his tongue revealing knowledge he should not have. A close shave.
"... like Heather or... well quite a few girls!"
"I like the idea. Is there a little girl there too?"
"Funnily enough yes! A couple walking across the scene. The girl, a little redhead in a straw hat, she can't be five foot even, sweet, small conical breasts with little pale pink tops, not big enough to bounce as she walks, her slit showing in the sunshine as she is hairless down below."
"You are making her deliberately young!"
"No, I'm not, well perhaps, but let's have it she is old enough but shaves. A shame as she has lovely red curls."
"How do you know."
"I did the shaving."
Harry laughed as Gary went on, "She comes around to mine once a week for a shave, a shower and her vaginal exercises."
"You're making it up."
"Indeed I am! Though I bet you'd like to pop around and help with the shaving. Lots of shaving cream... and the vaginal exercises! I am sure she would welcome the extra equipment. Anyway, unless we go down that line of thought, I'd better get back to the garden. She carries a fork and her boyfriend wheels a wheelbarrow. He too is naked. The lad's eyes are on the tall black girl but her eyes are on the girl's companion. We can see that."
"The companion is a man?"
"Very much so. Even taller than the black girl, a really big black bloke."
"Cock to match?"
"You've got it! That's what she's looking at!"
"She whispers in her boyfriend's ear. 'Why don't you ask him,' he says. Perhaps it is the way the little girl is looking at him but the man seemingly rises on cue. Up and up."
"To have a really big cock, Gary, what a thing!"
"You're telling me!"
"Ah, but yours is so thick whereas mine is so average."
"Better than mine Harry, better than mine!"
"You have the thickness though."
"Not as much as this bloke - and he's three times as long!"
"Impressive to see."
"Clearly the little redhead thinks so and leads her boyfriend across to him by the hand. The boyfriend too rises to the sight, the easy sexuality of the situation. The tall black woman and her erect man beside her. Perhaps the black girl's hand goes possessively to his big penis."
"Does it need holding up - perhaps the weight dragging it down!"
"Either way it is up in the air, just like ours, she holds it upright! And shall we have the little lad with a small erection, say a thin five incher or shall we give him an out of proportion cock, looking too big for his body? Not as big as the black bloke, of course."
"Be kind and it will mean the little girl is used to accommodating big penises."
"Is she going to accommodate that one?"
"Your story, Gary, but I rather hope so! If she is, would you mind if I..."
"Not at all. I'll join you. One, two, three!"
Gary had masturbated with Harry's wife right there in the garden and now he was doing the same with the husband. Two hands reached, grasped their own erections and began to stroke. They smiled at each other partly in a bit of embarrassment.
"You know Gary, I've never done this with another man not even when a teenager. It's rather nice talking about naked girls and big cocks and wanking in the sunshine. Did you when young, what they call it, a circle jerk?"
"No, nothing like that. On my bed with 'Playboy,' 'Mayfair,' or 'Penthouse' bought straight faced from the newsagents."
"Or, 'Health and Efficiency' you remember?"
"Oh yes, the happy naturist life. I rather fancied that!"
"So, what happens next?"
"They talk I suppose, the girl says something like, 'may I try?' The boyfriend nods approval, the tall black girl smiles her consent and the big bloke just lifts the little girl up as if she weighs nothing and lets her down right on his big, black cock."
Harry's hand moved faster and his grin broadened.
"The little lad watches fascinated... I suppose we could be there too, Harry, standing and watching."
"Standing all right!"
"Yes, I'm sure our cocks would have erected straight away at the sight."
"Nice to be able to just do that - free and unrestrained." Again Harry stood up, clearly imagining the scene. His hand left his cock and he walked a few paces, his erection curving upwards at a fine angle just as he might have done in that garden. Gary stood and joined him.
"The lad watching the penetration as much as we. The big black pole forcing its way into his girl. Not going in the whole way or anything like it of course. The girl stuck on the end of his long pole like..." Gary was again going to mention Melanie with great grandfather's hoe stuck in her.
"...like, well, stuck on it anyway. Perhaps he kneels for a really close look. You can imagine the black bloke would not simply stand there fucking but would want to walk her. Perhaps he takes considerable delight in carrying the little thing around perched on his cock. Is it just showing off to the other gardeners? There they are, a nice contrast of black and white and, of course, the connection so visible, his black 'snake,' shall we call it that, Harry, part appearing and then disappearing into the girl at each step. I think I can see how nice it would be for the girl - she is just held and fucked - obvious perhaps from her earlier glances how she liked the idea of a really big man taking her; a man so much stronger than her and demonstrating that by so easily carrying her around. Perhaps he comes right up to us."
"Might I take over?"
"Is it likely the girl will want to relinquish the big black cock?"
"Ah, but say he comes?"
"Comes too soon perhaps. We have seen a sudden extra thrusting and then, as he comes up to us the big black 'snake' seems to have lost its strength, seems to want to curl up quietly. There is movement but not a thrusting movement but a slipping and falling. The previously powerful erection dropping out and swinging wetly. It has done its thing. That is obvious to us. Do you like the image of cum dripping from the girl?"
They were both standing there, wanking as Gary talked.
"I think Gary, at this rate we're going to be seeing some cum fairly soon." His hand left his cock again. "I do love getting to the edge again and again, don't you?"
"Yeah."
"It's not something you can do so easily with a woman. They're not keen on the stop starting are they - leastways Melanie's not."
"I wouldn't know about Melanie but, yes, generally."
"I'm sure you would like to find out."
"That's a 'when did you stop beating your wife type question!' If I say yeah, not half, I'm telling a man I'd really like to fuck his wife: if I say no, I insult the man's wife!"
Harry laughed, "I see what you mean! Well say it, she's a good looking woman isn't she?"
"Indeed she is. Mr Evans, I would like to have sexual intercourse with your lovely wife."
Harry laughed. "Well, you can't."
"Thought not." Indeed from what Melanie had said he knew not! "Perhaps, instead, I can watch you at it. Leave the curtains undrawn or better still why not downstairs on the dining room table in full view of the patio windows."
"Not sure Melanie would agree to that!"
Gary smiled. Melanie had in fact suggested the idea.
"Might see your cum dripping from her rather than the little girl in the garden."
"You like the idea then?"
Gary nodded, "What about you? How do you feel about 'sloppy seconds.' There she is the little girl still held by the big man but he's done his best. We can see it running. It is on on his increasingly limp penis and running from the girl, down her thighs and dripping from her vagina. How'd you feel about him handing her across to you and you lowering her onto your own spike. Imagine it. Her feet not even touching the grass. She is very lubricated!"
Harry had got quite into the swing of the sexual talk. His hand was stroking his erection as much as Gary was stroking his own. "I don't know, Gary, never been in that position! Not completely sure about the sloppy seconds bit, if I'm honest. Tell me more about the girl and I'll see!"
"Why don't you imagine taking her, yes, play act! Go on do it!"
Harry did just that. Quite caught up in the story. The upward thrust of his erection as he pretended to lower the girl very clear but, alas for him, no tight but very slippery vagina enveloped his penis - just air. He began to walk, pretending to be holding the girl, supporting her under her bottom and Gary walked with him, and then Harry pretended to hand the girl to Gary.
Two grown, more than that, middle aged men standing in a garden naked and pretending to be having sexual intercourse with a rather petite girl; Gary's hands reaching out and pretending to lift the girl from Harry, off his erection and set her on his own upstanding penis. Gary too made the thrusting movements, he too pretended to be holding her bottom. Two men naked and erect and, moreover, thrusting their hips as if fucking. It must have looked absurd.
"This," said Harry, "is just so silly. I can't believe I'm doing this. Can't believe we are pretending this. All in our minds. But such fun!"
"She's made you quite wet hasn't she, or is that his stuff?"
Harry's penis was rather running with pre cum. Harry laughed. The self consciousness of being so exposed to another man seemingly now past. "Yes, I do rather leak."
They sat down again, this time next to each other on the garden bench.
"What about the others?"
"Ah, yes, the beautiful statuesque tall black woman and the short lad with the outsize cock! Do you want them mating? He can't reach of course standing!"
"Perhaps she gets to her knees." Suggested Harry.
"And sucks with her so full lips and generous mouth?"
"Mmmm!" Harry's hand was moving and then he suddenly pulled his hand away and sat still. "Oo-err, no, not quite."
Not quite but very close clearly. As he stared at his quivering penis a pearl of fluid appeared, not clear as before but a translucent bubble at the very end of his erection.
"The real thing," commented Gary looking at his neighbour's penis as Harry sat next.
"Indeed, I felt it coming all the way up my tube you know. Not long now, nice to be on the edge but it's going to come. Of course, had you not turned up, Gary, I'd have come a long time ago!"
"Well, the question is with us in this imagined, naked garden. Do we come in the petite girl or do we go and see if the tall women will suck us too."
"Too many choices, Gary, not like real life."
Gary smiled but whilst Harry might have taken that as agreement, the reality was Gary had plenty of choices. He was a lucky man. He was doing all sorts of things with both Zoe and Zara, was probably going to fuck Heather, had been rubbed to a satisfactory conclusion by Melanie's bottom and was now enjoying a rather pleasurable and companionable wank with Melanie's husband.
Making up dubious stories whilst wanking together with another man, sharing a fellow feeling and thoughts of what fun could be had with the opposite sex whilst wanking was a new and rather pleasant activity. Nice in his shed on his own but actually rather nice to do with a friend and feed off the other's ideas. It was unexpected.
"There might be other choices, other women around happy to enjoy a little play. Perhaps a couple of ladies bending at their gardening, their sexual orifices and little rosebuds so exposed in the sunlight."
"Too complicated Gary, one at a time. I like the little girl being carried."
"I'd better hand her back then before I make her even more slippery! Go on, make her come first. Play with her clitoris."
It was erotic imagining handing this little girl over between them, replacing one of their standing cocks with the other.
"You have a vivid imagination, Gary, you put it so well in words. A lovely story only..."
"Yes?"
The little girl is too willing. She wants our cocks."
"It's the nature of the garden, Harry. What do you want? The big black bloke simply lifting her off him before he falls out and plonking her on your cock and she wriggling and protesting that she hadn't agreed to another man fucking her but the boyfriend just laughing and saying, 'well get off him then' and she wriggling trying to do just that but pinned on your cock, just as you like to imagine, she cannot escape. Your cock is up inside her so her weight holds her down upon it. Other men are approaching. It is obvious she is going to be passed from one erection to another with her feet not touching the ground. She is going to be used.
Again Harry stood, his hips thrusting. He was clearly caught up in the idea. Again he snatched his hand away and stood with cock twitching and his breath coming in pants. He looked down at Gary. Gary's hand was still working his penis.
"You tell a good story, Gary, but this is such a strange thing to be doing. I mean, never would I have thought I'd be wanking naked with another man."
He sat again beside Gary.
"But you would think of sharing this young redhead, a nice sucking sound as she is pulled from one penis and handed to the next man."
Harry began to wank again.
"Wriggling and protesting!"
"But so light and unable to prevent the men doing what they want. Not even strong enough to clamp her thighs tightly together: the men, instead, just hold her open. Here she comes again - your turn. Down she goes, all warm and slippery all the way down your cock."
"It's so strange doing this whilst being watched,"
"Yes, Harry, the black couple watching, the girl's short boyfriend, perhaps others have come to see, perhaps to join in. A whole audience - with audience participation - as we pass this little redhead back and forth."
"No, I meant you, seeing me... seeing me... here it comes!" His hand speeded.
"Yes Harry, give it to her, feel how wet she is, how slippery. Pull her breasts tight against you..."
From the end of his penis the white stuff began pouring. The idea of it actually coming inside the girl rather exciting to Gary - it was enough for him. He too moved his foreskin at speed and his stubby thing did its thing too, not though a gentle running of semen like the white stream issuing from his friend's cock: not at all, Gary spurted big time and copiously - splat, splat, splat all the way up his chest.
Leaning back in the garden seat, the two men's fingers slowed. The happy conclusion of their sexual conversation had happened.
"Fuck, Gary, that was impressive!"
Gary smiled looking from one ejaculated penis to the other. He did do rather well.
"Is it the thing both to have come together?" asked Harry.
"I don't know, I mean I don't think there's an etiquette to this!"
"It seems very odd. I mean look at us, like a couple of schoolboys discovering wanking together. Each of us with cum all over us - or rather all over you. Mine's just a puddle down here."
"Time for those young nurses with specimen jars and warm wet flannels!"
"Delightful idea, Gary, but better if they had been here sooner!"
"A weekly collection?"
"I'd be up for it! Lovely idea. A home visit. Two pretty nurses coming around each week to collect our semen. Perhaps different nurses each time!"
"Some quite petite?"
"Very petite!"
"Trainee nurses?"
"Perhaps, Gary! I like your ideas."
For a second time Gary had found himself masturbating with another man - the other time had been on that footbridge. It was seemingly becoming a new habit. He had always been a bit of a wanker - that was how he saw himself. It was a new experience, leastways with another man: he had, after all, masturbated with quite a few women - Zoe, Zara, Heather and Melanie had either given him a hand or shared the experience.. Gary was nearly at retirement age, indeed was retired, and he could have new experiences if he liked!