I'll never forget where I was the first time an overwhelming rush of arousal struck my clit and nipples, spreading the desire for release throughout my body... yet... I was nowhere near a safe place to act upon it.
Sexual arousal frequently happens in everybody at any given time, situation or location. I know these feelings are not unique to me, but this particular time my arousal was so intense I knew I wouldn't be able to delay the urge until I got home.
After returning from my holiday in Mexico, where I went topless on the beach for the first time, and masturbated naked on the balcony of my hotel room (Becoming an Exhibitionist) I realised I had opened Pandora's box, so to speak. I had unearthed a strong, sexual energy that I didn't fully understand, let alone was able to control.
Sexual urges struck me regularly, that was nothing new. A flirtatious smile from the cute guy stuck in traffic beside me, the tall, strapping security guard patrolling the shopping mall for signs of trouble, the hot Italian waiter at my local coffee shop, and even a gust of wind across my nipples, or the temperature of the sun on my bare legs and cleavage, were all enough to stoke the fire in my loins, urging me to satisfy myself. The list went on and on.
One evening I went for a run with the weather mild and overcast. The summer was drawing ever closer to autumn. The route I enjoyed the most was a few miles from where I lived with my parents. In my running gear, I drove to the car park close to my starting point. I'm no athlete or fitness guru, I just like to run/jog two or three times a week.
When I run or workout, my big boobs need all the support they can get, that's why I'd spent a small fortune trying out all makes and designs of high impact sports bras.
The bra I was wearing was non-wired and lightly padded, giving my bust great shape and support. It also zipped up and down at the front, making it so much easier to put on and take off. The exhibitionist in me also liked to feel and look sexy in case I passed any hot men running on the route. My running attire did just that.
Arriving later than usual for my run, the small car park was empty. It felt kind of eerie until I put my ear plugs in and warmed up to some music. In my grey and orchid leggings and sports bra, I set off across a small bridge leading from the car park into the woods, and began my steady run.
On the route I encountered nobody. That was a good thing, because fifteen minutes into the run I began to feel sexually aroused. It literally came out of nowhere. I tried to push it to the back of my mind but that only turned the feelings into urges.
Glancing down at the front of my firm, bouncing sports bra, I found my nipples were rock hard, protruding through the padding. My nipples were definitely harder than normal to become that prominent through the material.
I tried to push the pace to get moving faster and distract myself, but to no avail. My pussy wasn't going to let me run in peace until I'd giving her want she evidently wanted.
With nobody around the urge grew stronger and stronger, until finally I gave in. I'd never ventured off the track before, so I didn't know of anywhere I could hide to rub one out. That only intensified my excitement.
The exhibitionist inside was telling me how exhilarating it would be to find a tree to rest against and satisfy the urge. My body had never forced me to take a pee outdoors, now it was forcing me to give it that climatic release.
Giggling to myself as I hopped, skipped and jumped through the plants growing out of the ground, I eventually found a tree with a huge trunk big enough to hide me. The bright orchard trim around my leggings and sports bra hardly blended in with the green and brown nature surrounding me.
I couldn't believe how excited and turned on I was. Everything inside me felt so alive. Giggling again, I rubbed a finger over the material where my throbbing nipples protruded, and then tucked my thumbs into the sides of my leggings.
Not bothering to look if the woods were still clear, I pulled them down around my knees, giving me enough room to spread my legs far enough for a quick and very cheeky rub. I was so wet I didn't require any saliva for lubrication, and despite requiring a fast and stealthy operation, I needed to give my internal walls some loving before blasting away at my tingling clit. Penetrating myself with one finger first, I slumped against the tree and moved it in and out of my squishy vaginal opening with circular motions. It felt so good, so warm, so satisfying.
There was nothing but silence until I added a second finger and my contracting pussy started making squelchy, sucking noises. As much as I needed to be quick, something was making me want to take my time. I loved slow and fast solo sessions. It all depended on what mood I was in. This was not the time or place to be in one of those slow moods though, but what my body wanted it usually got, so slowly I went.
My body had cooled down from the running, only to rapidly heat back up again from masturbating. Masturbating deep inside the woods. Could it get any better? Well, yes. A lovely thick cock would have surpassed what I was experiencing. Never one to be ungrateful, I continued slowly plunging my sticky fingers into my wet pussy. My clit ached to be touched, but I knew if I did I would climax right away, and I no longer wanted to urgently satisfy my insatiable needs. I wanted to take my time, edging and delaying my orgasm, so I could prolong the wonderful sensations now spreading throughout my body.
My mind started to wander and I was soon sucking on some hunky runners big cock. On my knees in the woods, just as I was in my running gear. As I continued to finger myself I cupped his imaginary full balls while deep throating my fantasy man. I'd never deep throated anybody in my life, but in my fantasies I could do anything I wanted.
Imaging the stranger unzipping my sports bra to release and fondle my boobs, I actually pulled the zipper down the front of my chest, exposing my soft boobs in real time. The breeze whistled across my sensitive nipples, briefly cooling them as they throbbed. The mild air on my boobs forced goosebumps to the surface, and I couldn't resist caressing myself while I slowly fingered my pussy.
The hunky runner then hauled me to my feet and bent me over. The sports bra fell to the ground in my fantasy and suddenly he was sliding that imaginary thick cock into my tight, greedy pussy.
Panting with my back against the tree, I was living the feelings and sensations of my fantasy. My sports bra was completely apart, hanging from my shoulders and the criss-cross straps at the back. I needed something bigger inside me.
Then suddenly, I heard a loud whistling sound and a dog barking. I instantly froze with one hand holding my boob while two fingers stopped deep inside my pussy. I daren't shuffle across to look around the tree. I waited while my pussy throbbed around my fingers, encouraging them to keep moving.
The dog was scrambling around the plantation on my side of the path. My heart started racing and I closed my eyes, hoping the dog and it's owner would quickly carry on through the woods without detecting a horny female runner rubbing one out.
Silence returned. I quickly pulled my leggings back up and secured my boobs inside the sports bra. The mood had been ruined. Cancelling the run, I jogged back to my car. Once I was sat behind the drivers wheel I started laughing, before I eventually drove home.
Driving along the country roads, heading back to suburbia, I felt myself becoming aroused once more. There was something about leaving my playtime unfinished. I couldn't accept it knowing I was still in relative privacy. At the next lay-by I pulled in.
It was clearly a lay-by but it was hidden from the country road by a row of large bushes. The sun was setting, leaving me with roughly ten to fifteen minutes of daylight. I looked around outside. Zilch. No cars, no people, and no annoying dogs barking. With a cheeky grin on my face I lifted my bum off the seat and pulled my leggings down to my knees again. This time I would finish myself off.
However, as soon as I started rubbing my fingers through my clitoral shaft, I wanted to prolong the excitement again. I closed my eyes with a dreamy smile on my face and let my mind wander yet again. Lazily playing with pussy and clit, rubbing and fingering, I eventually needed to play with my nipples. I was deeply connected with my body that even the faint sound of a vehicle close by didn't alert me to open my eyes.
Rubbing over my nipples through the sports bra, I was dreaming of the hunky runner in the woods again. He was taking me from behind, up against the rough tree. I gasped and moaned inside my car, failing to react to the sound of a door being shut closed.
Circling my clit and panting, getting closer to my goal, I switched back to my pussy and slid two fingers inside myself. The edging and denying was addictive. I was wet and sticky, ready to take a real man inside my body.
Groaning at my self teasing, I shifted into a more comfortable position. As I moved I opened my eyes and screamed. Outside my window stood a man in jeans, t-shirt and a coat. The coat was undone along with the zipper on his jeans. He was standing there with his hands inside the fly, touching himself. When I screamed he didn't flinch. The man stepped away and put his free hand up as if to apologise. I quickly sat upright and locked the doors.
"Don't be scared. I'm not going to hurt you. Is this your first-time dogging?" I faintly heard him as I desperately pulled at my leggings.
"Dogging?" I mouthed through the window. My damn leggings were folded and inside at the waistband, making it harder to pull them up.
"Yeah, dogging," the man replied. I started laughing because I knew what dogging was. I wound the window down a few inches to hear him properly. "You do know this is a dogging spot, right?" he chuckled.
"Are you serious?" I laughed. No way had I unintentionally parked up at a dogging site to do exactly what a dogger would do. "I thought dirty doggers only came out late at night." I laughed again.
"A few couples come early because it can get a bit overcrowded when it's dark. Too many men," he frowned.
"Are you on your own?" I wondered, bringing the window down further so I could pop my head out to look around.
"I am. Do you fancy finishing what you started? You're gorgeous and you looked like you were so close," he grinned. "I've never ever seen a young, hot female here before."
A ball of warmth suddenly lit up inside my tummy. It made me smile and lose all sense of reality. The warmth quickly spread throughout my body where it turned into daring excitement.
With my leggings barely covering my modesty, I slipped a hand into the gap and started touching my hot, wet pussy again. A naughty grin spread across my face, which the man matched with one of his own as he unzipped his fly again.
"Can I come closer? I promise I won't touch you."
Smirking wickedly, I started rubbing my clit. I watched him take baby steps towards my car as he took out his cock and stroked himself. My gaze homed in on what he was doing like metal to magnetic. The laws of nature had taken over.
Transfixed on watching this complete stranger, this much older male, stroking his veiny, hard cock inches from me, had my pussy squelching out more lubrication that normal. Seeing how rock-hard and aroused he was had instantly sent my own arousal off the scale.
"You're so beautiful and sexy," he smiled, stepping right up to my door. "Looks like you good a great pair of tits."
His words excited me. His girthy eggplant sized cock excited me. I'm going all out. Dogging excited me!
Realising I still had the window half way down made me want to be more daring and take a bigger risk. I rubbed my clit a little faster and started moaning softly. His cock looked thick and heavy. I'd never seen one that big before.
"Do you want to cum together?" he gasped, stroking his meat in my direction. I nodded, unable to take my eyes of his cock. "Pull your running pants down a bit further. Let me see you rubbing that pussy." I hesitated. "I swear I won't lay a finger on you... unless you want me to?"
The air was suddenly thick with hope and anticipation, from both of us, and my body was flowing with adrenaline and excitement as well as vaginal fluid. It didn't have me trusting the stranger, it was the exhibitionist encouraging me to take these risks. I pulled my leggings down to my knees and opened my legs, showing the stranger everything between them.
"That's a nice, tight, bald pussy you have there, and it looks like you have a big pair of tits to," he grinned.
Having never been so turned on in my life before, I closed my eyes and slipped two fingers inside my tingling wetness. I knew the next time I rubbed my clit I wouldn't be able to stop until I came, so I deliberately took my time to finger myself.
"Show me your big tits and I'll cum for you!" he grunted. I opened my eyes and giggled. I then brought the window right down. The man looked at me for direction. "Are you giving me permission to touch you?"
"Do you want to unzip me?" I giggled again.
The man continued stroking his cock as he reached inside my car and took hold of the zipper at the front of my sports bra. Things were moving quicker than my brain could process.
"The fuck I do!" he replied, excitedly, then he pulled the zipper down between my boobs. "Now that's what I call a pair of great tits!"
I was riding a wave of emotions as the sound of the zipper seemed to echo around the car. I then gasped when it was undone, freeing my boobs. They bounced a little before they settled to be seen in all their glory. It was an aphrodisiacal to be exciting this stranger.
"I need to get a proper look at these tits!" he groaned, letting go of his cock.
With his two hands now inside my car, I was slowly fingering my pussy while the man opened up my sports bra and pulled it down my shoulders.
"This is what you need, isn't it?" he smiled, fondling my big boobs.
I started moaning and panting as the man pinched and pulled my nipples, before roughly groping my excited boobs. He then resumed stroking his cock whilst using his free hand to roam back and forth.
"Is this your first-time dogging?"
"Yeah," I sighed.
"Your pussy is soaking!" he groaned.
It certainly was. The more I fingered myself the louder and stickier the noises between my legs were. I felt so dirty and horny sat in my car masturbating while a stranger played with my boobs and stroked his cock beside me.
Then, my orgasm finally took over. There was no stopping it now. I pulled the two fingers out of my pussy and started rubbing my clit. The man encouraged me as he increased his own strokes and asked if he could cum over my tits. Lost in the experience, I nodded my head and told him he could.
As my desire to climax took complete control of my mind and and body, the man leaned further into my car and hit the central locking button. The sound of my doors unlocking sent shockwaves up my spine. Right on the edge now, the stranger pulled my door open and shuffled closer inside. His knees were resting against my car seat and his cock was across my naked chest.
"Here it comes you naughty girl!" he hissed.
"Yes! Do it! I'm gonna cum!" I moaned.
As my orgasm ignited and immediately rippled throughout my body, I felt a different kind of sticky warmth land across my boobs. My eyes shot open to watch thick jets of cum shoot out of his veiny cock and cover my chest.
Groaning and panting like animals in the wild, I instinctively took hold of his thick cock and finished him off. My orgasm was ending as I pumped the remaining few jets onto my boobs.
"You're my new favourite girl to ever come here," he groaned. I grinned and took his cock into my mouth, tasting and swallowing the very last of his load. "I hope we meet again. You can give me a proper blowjob then. I'll even fuck you if you wanted. My big dick would would feel good for both of us inside your tight pussy!"
Now that my orgasm had passed I suddenly felt I needed to get out of that lay-by. The stranger stepped back and zipped up his fly, leaving my boobs covered in his cum. I had nothing in my car I could use to clean myself with. Then suddenly, another car entered the lay-by. I quickly scrambled for my leggings and pulled them up.
"You better get out of here. It's a guy on his own. He's a dogger. I've seen him here before," the stranger kindly warned me. "I hope to see you again, but be careful coming here on your own."
"Shit!" Realising the only option I had was to pull my sports bra together.
The stranger grinned proudly, watching me zip up my cum-covered boobs. He then thanked me before returning to his car. The second stranger pulled up in front of my car, but I already had my engine running. I wound the window back up and wheel spun out of the lay-by.
Driving home, I erupted with uncontrollable laughter. I was wildly excited. I couldn't believe what I had just experienced. As soon as I joined the towns roads from the country lanes, I felt all the other drivers could see straight through me. I started to get turned on again.
When I eventually got home I dashed straight upstairs to the bathroom and turned the shower on, ignoring my parents interest in my run. My dad usually asked how it went, but there was no way I was going to stop and fill him in while some random guys cum was saturating the material inside my sports bra.
The stranger who'd not long cum over my boobs was roughly the same age as my dad. Maybe they knew each other? That was an exciting, naughty thought.
I locked the bathroom door and quickly stripped off. The padding inside my sports bra was sticky and wet, my boobs were also sticky. I started laughing again and stepped under the shower, where I caressed my boobs and helped myself to a second orgasm.