I sit on the edge of the bed. You're watching her and the blush on her cheeks. She's nervous. But that's ok. You know I'll ease her into it. I tell you her name is Melanie and introduce you as "our audience". By her smile I can see she likes that. Being watched.
I picked her specifically to your specifications. She's the complete compliment to me. Her skin is milky white compared to my caramel brown. Her hair is long and blond paired with my shoulder length Raven black locks. Our body types however are very similar. Wide hips and large breasts. Hers are larger than mine though. I'd put her around an E. Mine sadly were D's.
I stand beside her in front of the bed and play in her hair. My hands travel down to her shoulders. The blush had traveled there too. From her pink shoulders down to her heavy breasts. So full. As I unclip her bra and it falls to her lap your eyes widen.
Her breasts are an art piece. Big pink areolas and cherry gum drop nipples. I stare at you as my hands go to those nipples and trap them in my fingers. She gasps. Her arousal is evident as those little drops harden and gain an even deeper red. I squeeze and pull with a sinister look on my face. I love performing for you.
You watch me seduce her like it was the first time. Far from it however. I'm kissing and biting on her soft neck and shoulders. Your eyes glance up to mine and I know you see my elation. You nod softly to me and I give one back. Give her pain. That's what your order means. I grip the nipples hard and to all of our pleasure, Melanie let's out a ringing moan.
Her hands reaches back and hooks onto my arm. She's ready. I pull on her shoulders softly and she slowly starts to lay back. I move to head of the bed and strap her wrists, with thick leather cuffs hanging on the head board. The toys are in my bag. She watches with wide eyes as I pull out a vibrating wand and a small bullet vibrator. You know how I'll use each one.
I get on the bed at Melanie's feet. I coo to her sweety and tell her to bend her legs upward. You get a glimpse of her chubby pink pussy. Already shiny with excitement. I spread it open revealing a little hole. She's on display for you now. I can see you gripping one of the chair arms with your right hand and the left one gripping the bulge in your pants.
I get on top of her and spread her pussy again. My middle finger and index finger find a warm tight home inside her. She chimes again like a ringing bell. I curve those happy little fingers and again I strike her bell. She's moaning and panting and I've barely even touched her. Not yet.
My forehead lays against her crotch and my warm breath cascades against her engorged clit. Her abnormally large clit. Standing proud like a cherry jelly bean. I wonder if she's sweet like sugar. My tongue reaches out and flicks her slippery clit.
She spasms and I can feel her legs shaking. Without any mercy I dive into her, feeding like a starving man. My fingers pull out only to push in rapidly. I can hear her pulling at the cuffs. So cute. Her pleasure playing games with her helpless body.
It doesn't take long at all. The relentless sucking on her clit and the scissoring and plunging of my fingers brings Melanie to a screeching orgasm. Her legs are visibly spasming now. You smile, pleased but not yet satisfied.
I sit up and straddle dear Melanie while she catches her breath. She won't get much of a breath though. You're looking at me and then back to the quivering shiny cunt. Then back to me.
Your eyes stop as I take the black little bullet and slip it between my lips. I give it loving licks and sucks hinting at what you'd be getting after we were done. Once the bullet was shiny and wet I turned it on. The squelching noise of the bullet sinking into Melanie's pussy was over powered by her screaming moan.
She was shaking again, clearly still sensitive from her first orgasm. But she hadn't experienced anything yet. She told me earlier that she had never had a squirting orgasm. When I relayed this to you I could practically see the evil wheels spinning in your brain. I was going to give you quite the show.
I took the wand in my hand and turned it on a low setting. We would definitely take it slow at first. I pressed the wide headed to Melanie's clit and watched as her legs fell out before her. I looked at you and silently asked you to come assist me.
You got the message and came to the bed to push and hold Melanie's legs back in place. We looked into each other's eyes for a moment and then your eyes went to the swelling cunt that I was toying with. Melanie began to make all sorts of gibberish-like noises. As I listened closer I could hear her begging for mercy.
She begged and pleaded for me to tease her no more. But I had my orders. The orders I was happy to fulfil. I took the bullet in my hand and began to fuck Melanie's tight little cunt with it. Her plea became louder and her shaking more violent.
The end was quite near. I looked you in the eye and asked you to take charge of fucking Melanie with the toy. You grinned wickedly and continued her torture. I ask you to go as fast as you can. You oblige me and bring Melanie even closer to our goal.
Her moans become a desperate cacophony of wishes. Not for mercy this time. But for release. Sweet, sweet release. And we would grant it. I told you that soon I would need you to yank the toy out. And I would give you the word when it was time.
You were still fucking her with the vibrator little toy and watching her legs tremble and jut. Your face was close to her dripping slit and I knew it meant you wanted to be in the splash zone.
I told Melanie that she would be getting her wish soon. She couldn't finish her sentence as I turned the setting as high as it would go and told you to yank it out now.
Her bell like scream echoed loudly as a stream of her excitement shot out. Onto the bed. Onto her thighs. Onto your face. And even in your mouth. We looked at each other. My face was red with sweat and exhilaration. Yours was wet with Melanie's lady spritz.
I moaned as you pulled me forward and our mouths slammed against each other. Your kiss was rough and dominating. It was my reward. I had finally satisfied you.
Although I was on the cusp of an orgasm myself I refrained. My orgasm was put on hold until further notice. You made sure of that. I smiled softly and climbed off of the semi-catatonic in our bed.
I uncuffed her hands and let her sit there for a moment. She would get up when she was ready. Her clothes were folded by the bed. You kissed me again and told me how good I had done. I smiled again at that.
We climbed into bed next to Melanie. She and I would giggle about this at work from now on. My arms were around her and yours were around me. I was tired. And so were you. We were wrapped in warmth. Here, together.