Chapter 15: Becky Ann
"Don't worry. I know you're only doing this because Kelly made you," said Becky Ann. She was sitting on Scott's couch facing his floor to ceiling view of the valley. Scott was a safe distance away from her, rummaging in the kitchen.
Then the dogs were there, whimpering and laying down all over her legs. Before she could reach down to touch them, Scott was right there. He sat down next to her, a glass of wine in each hand. "Ohmygod," she panicked.
"Wine?" asked Scott.
She rallied and took the glass. In a quavering voice, "Never had any. Is it icky?"
"It can be an acquired taste," Scott said.
"Ooaahh!"
"I'd advise drinking it slower," said Scott. "Now what were you saying about Kelly making me? She didn't make me do anything."
"But I'm not..." said Becky Ann. What was her point again?
"What? You're saying a boy's never been interested in you?" Scott asked.
"Not because of me," she said.
"How do you figure?"
"Like at the viewing party where we all watched the video of you..." she swallowed another gulp of wine for courage, "Ooaahh! And Kelly. They knew I was her roommate, so they figured I had loose morals, too. One guy grabbed me, my crotch actually, and I punched him in the face."
"Serves him right," said Scott. "I know you don't have loose morals. I understand from Kelly that you're a virgin."
"Yes, but not with toys," she said.
"That doesn't count. But what am I saying? None of it counts," said Scott. "But what I meant, was with boys."
"Yes," she answered shyly.
"That instructional video shoot must have been embarrassing," he ventured.
"Ohmygod. You wouldn't believe," said Becky Ann. "Lataa made them leave me alone, but I saw it anyway."
"The men on the set?" Scott asked.
"Yes, they would play with their things," she said with a moue of distaste. "Their penises, I mean. I know what they're called. It's just too embarrassing to even say."
"Can I hold you? That must have been upsetting," said Scott.
"You want to hold me?"
"Yes, to comfort you. It must have been upsetting," Scott reiterated.
Then his warm arms enveloped her and pressed her to his chest. Ohgod! The smell of him! The muscles! She was transfixed by the pure pleasure of this moment. He plucked her wavering erratic wine glass from her hand and leaned across her. He put his whole body on her to set it on the table. Her eyes crossed with pleasure. Then he backed off again to holding her close. "This is nice," Becky Ann whimpered shakily.
"If you need to cry..."
"But it was true even on the movie set. They were only interested in me because I was like Gangkhar Puensum," Becky Ann said.
"Is she a famous Bollywood star that looks like you, or something?" asked Scott.
"Scott, you know and I know I don't look like a movie star," Becky Ann chided. "It's a mountain. In other words, they were only interested because nobody had ever climbed on top."
"Wow, thanks for explaining that. You are way into the elliptical references," said Scott. She did look like a movie star. Her face was round and flawless, with pretty features. She wasn't wearing any makeup. Most of the women he'd been with wouldn't look half this good without makeup. "May I point out, you are, in fact, a movie star. Sirius Cybernetics is getting all kinds of praise for their use of diverse body types. You're a star, Becky Ann. Newsweek mentioned you. Well, they don't know it's you, but you know what I mean."
"Well, it's embarrassing. And the mountain reference is apt, no? I'm a mountain of blubber."
"How can you say that? You're a beautiful girl, Becky Ann," Scott argued. "So you have a few extra pounds. I, for one, like some meat in the seat. I'm really looking forward to this. You see, I have to do these anorexic starlets all the time. It's my job. But you're a real girl. Really special for me. Is it okay for me to be excited by how you look, how you feel in my arms?" Her ass and tits were massive for a girl so young. They were well-proportioned to her. It was a conscious effort for him not to smash his face into her bosom. A conscious effort not to grab a nice full handful of each of her ass cheeks and just squeeze!
Becky Ann opened her mouth and then shut it. What was she arguing for? Wasn't this the exact chance she scolded Kelly for missing out on? Scolded her day after day before they got back together? And now Kelly had just handed over her guy for a night. Why waste time arguing? What kind of moron was she? Not a moron. Time to use it and lose it!
"Take me," she croaked. Damn it. She cleared her throat. "Take me?"
Scott put his mouth on hers. Her body went rigid with surprise and excitement. She felt his tongue on her teeth, then it was gone. She panted in alarm, looked at his calm face in front of hers. "It's okay," Scott said. "Let's take this at whatever pace you want."
"I'm huh," panted Becky Ann. "Ohmygod." He put his mouth right on hers again, a kiss, and she guessed she should open her mouth? And his whole tongue was in there, twirling around. It was like his tongue was licking every erogenous zone in her entire body all at once. She broke out in a sweat and poked her tongue tentatively into the fray. Ohmygod, she was kissing Scott Miller! Carpe diem, girl! Carpe- ohgod, that was his hand, right on her breast! Ohmygod squeezing! And her wanton nipples were stabbing out like iron ingots. He must feel them! Oh he grabbed one with his fingers! Ohmygod she was going to lose it!
Scott backed off a violently squirming Becky Ann. "Huh! Huh! Huh!" Becky Ann panted. Her eyes were wide, looking at him. "Ohmygod!"
"Ohmygod good, or ohmygod bad?" asked Scott.
"Ohmygod take me Scott!" she moaned. She straddled his leg, threw her arms around his neck, and rammed her tongue back into his mouth. Scott was surprised and pleased. He went with it. He didn't think she was even noticing it, but she was grinding away fiercely on his leg. Then she backed away in surprise, grunted, and her butt thrashed. She had noticed, he guessed. Unless he was mistaken, that had been an orgasm. This girl was on fire. Or on flood, actually. She'd just put a wet spot on his pant leg.
The dogs got up and whimpered, sniffing. Bonker tried to climb onto Scott's lap. Scott pushed him down.
Taking very good care to lift with the legs, not the back, he hefted Becky Ann off the couch into his arms. "You're so strong!" she whimpered. The dogs milled around with wagging tongues. He carried her to the bedroom and shut the door with his foot. The dogs lodged their usual protest, thump, thump.
Again, bending at the knees, he set her down on the bed. She was jumping with excitement. He rolled her over and started kneading her back. It would be good for her to calm down a bit and enjoy the moment. "You want to do me on my tummy?" she asked.
"I'm just giving you a little back rub, trying to calm you down," he said.
"Hah!" she breathed a sigh of relief. "Here, I thought you were going to do something crazy to me I'd probably never even dreamed of!"
"Would you like that?" asked Scott.
Becky Ann trembled with lust from head to toe. She couldn't even form the word. "Ngh... yes?"
Scott lifted off of her. He gave her ass a spank, eliciting a squeal. "Really? You're a virgin who seems to have never even kissed a boy before."
"Not that way," said Becky Ann.
"Excuse me, never French kissed a boy before," said Scott. "And you want me to start with something nasty?"
"I'm not saying start with it," Becky Ann moaned. "I just said I'd probably like it." She shuddered with the pure nastiness of what she'd just confessed.
"Oh, I know some nasty, nasty stuff to start with. Are you ready?" he asked.
"No. Ohmygod, I don't know. No, do it," she whimpered.
"Can I pull your pants down?" asked Scott.
"Yes?" Down went her pants, to the knees.
"And your panties?"
"Yes?" Down went her panties, to the knees. Then he climbed off her.
A moment later he was back. Scott's fingers were wet in her ass crack. He was wetly stroking her naked bunghole! She felt then that his fingers were slippery and a little cold, and then he slipped a finger into her! "Ohmygod!"
"Feeling okay?" he asked.
"Ohmygod I guess," she said. "Is that the right hole?"
"The right hole for what?" Scott joked.
It wasn't the right hole. "Ohmygod, Scott, you're touching my poop. What are you doing?"
"I believe you asked for something crazy you'd never even dreamed of."
"Ohmygod, Scott," said Becky Ann. "I've heard of it, but no. Your finger is in my ass. I've never dreamed of this."
"Does it hurt?"
It was wiggling around in her, making everything slippery. Then more slippery juice. His finger was wiggling, rubbing slickly. It was utterly disgusting and surprisingly... hot. "No."
"Okay, here it comes," he said.
"Ouaaah! Ow! Ow! It hurts!"
"Relax, relax, breathe," said Scott.
The pain was already starting to subside. "What did you do to my poor bunghole, Scott?"
"It's called a butt plug," he said proudly.
"Are you afraid I will poop in your bed?"
"Not at all," said Scott. "You asked for something crazy. I bet you never heard or dreamed of this."
"You're right, I haven't," said Becky Ann. "Why?"
"Some women like to have it in their butt during sex," said Scott. "And you asked for something crazy. You want to see it?"
"Yeah!" she said. She was a nerd, and this was a nerd moment. She was wearing something in her bunghole, for gosh sakes! They had a bit of fussing with a full length mirror and a hand mirror. Scott got on his knees and spread her ass cheeks wide. "Ohmygod! It's got a purple jewel!"
"That it does," said Scott.
"Can you get it back out?" she asked.
"Certainly," said Scott.
"Don't do it yet," said Becky Ann, looking in the mirror. "I like it."
"Look at how wet you are," Scott said.
"Yeah," said Becky Ann. "Hope it doesn't gross you out."
"On the contrary, it's beautiful," said Scott.
"You're such a liar," she said.
"I'm serious," said Scott. "Your wetness is sending all kinds of lightning bolts to my brain. It's telling me that your way is all slick and ready to push my penis deep into you. And that feels wonderful to a man. So, seriously, you're making me hard, just seeing it."
She rested a hand on the front of his jeans. "Ohmygod, you're not kidding. Get it out before you hurt yourself."
"Fair enough," said Scott, "but you have to undress the rest of the way, too. Although you are the cutest thing ever bottomless."
"Flattery... hm..." She was going to say "will get you everywhere," but he was already there. She turned around, and there it was, sticking straight out at her. "Ohmygod."
"C'mon, this familiar thing?" said Scott. "You've already shaken hands with it."
"Ohmygod don't remind me," said Becky Ann. "How mortifying."
"I thought it was pretty funny as soon as I knew Kelly wasn't going to come after me with a butcher knife," said Scott. "Yeah, heh, and- oh my God!"
Becky Ann had just popped off her bra. She was double D going on triple D. Nice and firm, too. Triple D. "How old are you?" he asked.
"Nineteen," said Becky Ann defensively. She was only a month younger than Kelly. She worried that Scott was getting cold feet about making love to somebody so young. "Older than Kelly was when you... uh..."
"Your breasts are extra special," he marveled. "So massive and beautiful. And your skin coloring, all caramel-colored with those dark, dark nipples. Exquisite. Italian?"
"No," said Becky Ann. "My father is Scandinavian and my mother is from Jamaica and VERY Catholic."
"You're a rare beauty," said Scott.
"Thank you," she said, trying to maintain eye contact. His praise was getting easier to accept. His nasty fetish for fat girls was okay with her. Very, very okay.
"Would you care to indulge me further?" asked Scott. "Or do you want to get the whole virginity thing out of the way first?"
"Indulge you," she said. "This has been so much fun for me, and I'm worried you're going to pop a gasket."
"Well, I know a way you can handle both of those concerns," said Scott. "Sit on the edge of the bed. That's right. Now, I'm assuming you've never given a blowjob?"
"What's that?"
"Remember the part in the video where Kelly put my penis in her mouth?"
"Ohmygod! It looked fake, like some sword swallowing act," said Becky Ann.
"That's not far from true," said Scott. "Kelly has a rare talent."
"I've never tasted one, but I'm willing to try," said Becky Ann. "Heck, I've eaten raw oysters. I can do it."
"I like your attitude, but I was thinking of something you can do that Kelly can't do," Scott said.
"Really?" Becky Ann said proudly, mischievously. "Is it nasty like the bunghole stopper?"
"It drives men wild," Scott said. "Once you do this to a guy, you'll never be able to get rid of him."
"How about you?" asked Becky Ann. She was no dummy. She would die for a long-term piece of Scott.
"Me included," said Scott, "As long as it's not hard on Kelly. I don't think either of us want to hurt her."
"Absolutely not," said Becky Ann. "Then again, it was her that got you addicted to me," she smirked.
"Good point," said Scott. "Well, I want my fix. It's called a boob job." He slathered lube between Becky Ann's giant perfect breasts. A little bit more on his straining erect penis. Thwap, right between her breasts.
"Hah hah, you almost knocked me over. You're eager," she said.
"Okay, now squeeze your tits together on my dick with your hands. Oh, God, Becky Ann, that's glorious!" He clapped his hands over hers and was off to the races. It was quite a show for Becky Ann. She watched transfixed as his hips thrust and quivered. His perfect abs were all rippling and tensing with the pleasure she was giving him. Pleasure Kelly couldn't give him! She felt like a goddess. His face was all screwed up in this lewd expression. She hadn't seen him like this even in that nasty video. She was putting a big wet spot on the bed from this! Thrills were going everywhere in her body as Scott fucked her breasts with all his strength. "Oh, oh Becky! Oh God Becky! OHHHHHH!" Splat! His stuff was all over! Her right eye was burning!
"Ow."
"I'm sorry," said Scott, getting a towel. "I should have told you to close your eyes."
"That's okay," said Becky Ann. "I wouldn't have missed it for the world. No wait. Take a picture. Nobody's going to believe me."
"You really want a picture?" asked Scott.
"Absolutely yes," she said. With her right eye squeezed shut, she smiled and gave a peace sign. Click. "Get in here. I want there to be no doubt whose man stuff this is."
"All right," said Scott. He sat down next to her, and both smiled at his phone. Click.
"Now the bejeweled poo blocker," said Becky Ann.
"Here, at least wipe off your face first," he said. She grabbed the towel and did that. Then she spun around, bent over, and spread her ass cheeks. "Shoot!"
"You are by far the nastiest virgin I've ever met or could even imagine," said Scott.
"I've done porn," she giggled. Click.
"You don't seem to me camera-shy," said Scott. "It would be remiss of me not to mention that you could make a fuckload of money losing your virginity on camera."
"It would put my friend's identities in danger," said Becky Ann. "I wouldn't do that."
"Of course," said Scott. "Smart girl."
"We have to be, these days," she said. "These are for me. You can keep copies too, if you want."
"I want," said Scott.
"Don't show them to anybody," said Becky Ann. "Except you can show them to Kelly and the gang."
"Confidential. Got it," said Scott.
"You make me wanton," said Becky Ann. "When can you do it again?"
"You mean get together with you?" asked Scott.
"I mean make more of this," she showed him his product all over the towel. "You need to be able to push more of this out to have sex, right?"
"Anytime," said Scott.
"I thought men had to wait," said Becky Ann.
"We've waited," said Scott.
"Goody," said Becky Ann. "Do it now. I can't wait any more."
Scott dragged Becky Ann on her back to the middle of the bed. He grabbed her heels and lifted them apart and up, up, up towards her head. "You're pretty limber."
"Yoga," she said.
"Goody," he said.
"WAIT!" cried Becky Ann. "You're sure they can't get out?"
"The dogs?"
"Your sperms!"
"Oh yes. Hah, yes. They can't get out. Zero sperm count."
"Do it," she growled.
"Ouahhh!" she cried as he rocked into her. She was slick, fully tented, and tight as a virgin, no surprise there. He hit her back wall and stretched her. "OUAHHH!" Big, big orgasm, shaking all over. A little squirt.
Then he was on top of her, pillowed on her breasts, her heels up by her ears. He was off to the races. "OUAHHH!" again from her. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OUAHHH!"
"Having fun?"
"Ohmygod! Shut up! Don't stop! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OUAHHH!"
Scott couldn't remember when he'd had more pleasure on a woman. "OUAHHH!" Becky Ann was clearly having fun along with him. This was feeling exquisite, and he had some time to enjoy it. She'd drained him so exquisitely with her tits. "OUAHHH!"
Becky Ann woke up with Scott patting her cheek. "What?"
"You passed out on me, babe. It happens," said Scott. "Do you want to continue?"
"Hells yeah! Oh yeah! Ohmygod Scott! Ohmy- UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OUAHHH!"
When he finished, it was so hot in her everywhere. She screamed like an animal, "UNNNNH! AWWWW!"
"Oh, that was so intense, babe," Scott told her. "Babe." She was so exquisite, delightful. He carefully brushed her hair out of her face. "Oh my God, I enjoyed that so fucking much. I'm afraid, if you can handle it, we're only getting started."
"Fuck me again right now, Scott," Becky Ann moaned. "Fuck me harder!"
This time, Scott set her on her hands and knees at the edge of the bed. He entered her tight little semen-slicked pussy from behind and pounded her deliciously. With an animal cry, she collapsed onto her face as she orgasmed. Scott held her up by the hips and kept pounding her relentlessly.
It felt like an infinity of pleasure, all while Becky Ann made throaty bird-like cries and vibrated with pleasure. Her breath caught in her throat and she tensed like she might pass out again. He spanked her hard on the ass a couple of times until she cried out, coughed, and kept breathing. She had a long shrieking orgasm as he pounded her fast and hard. He was feeling stronger and stronger, but he couldn't last forever. He slammed into her, holding her little cunt open wide and deep as he thoroughly bathed it in hot semen. He let go of her hips and she collapsed onto her belly. Her little pussy splashed and gushed semen as she went down.
"I think you killed me with your dick and I'm in heaven," she whimpered. He dragged her to the middle of the bed and rocked out the butt plug. "Oof!"
"Here, hold this vibrator right here," said Scott.
"This is too intense! I'm gonna die! Oooooh!"
Scott's slathered his own already slippery cock with lube. Now he painted Becky Ann's anus with more lube.
"Hey that's cold," she complained as she held the vibrator to her wet vulva and shivered in pleasure.
"Oh! Uh! Oooooh! What? Oh god the pressure! Ohmygod! OHMYGOD THE PRESSURE!"
"Are you okay?" Scott asked.
"Huh?" Becky Ann was disoriented. "Okay? I'm gonna cum again..."
"Where is my dick?" asked Scott.
"What?" she asked. Then she felt around with her hand. "Ohmygod! You're touching my poop! You're making love to my poop!"
"I'm making love to you, Becky Ann, all of you," said Scott reverently. "Keep that vibrator on you. I'm going to start moving now."
"But you can't- ohmygod!" Becky Ann squirmed under Scott and whimpered, filled with pleasure. "OHMYGOD!" she screamed. Her virgin rectum was insanely tight.
(To be continued)