"My Wife Takes a Final Bow."
by Lustdarkly
A follow-up to - "Bully and My Wife Part Ways."
-
My wife let out a startled, pained yelp. I rushed to her aid, to the front door, and came face to face with the source of her alarm. There, to my astonishment, standing larger than life on our doorstep, was the Prick, James Thompson, the source of all our grief for the last eight weeks. Adrenaline spurted into my stomach and I nearly rushed him but his defensive manner gave me pause. He was almost cowering.
"What the fuck do you want?" Karen hissed. "Haven't you done enough damage?"
In one hand, James held a large bunch of flowers which he defensively raised like a shield, taking a slight step backwards. "I'm not here to cause trouble." he hurried. "I promise! I just wanted to... to ..."
"To what?"
"To apologise. For being such a fucking prick. Please? Hear me out for just five minutes? I wanted to come sooner but my jaw was still wired shut. I've literally just had it removed this morning. I've come straight from the hospital because I really wanted to speak to both of you." He rubbed his jaw, wincing.
Karen and I looked at each other, unsure. His jaw had been wired for eight weeks? Wow. I admit, part of me smiled inside. He fucking deserved a broken jaw after throwing my wife about the way he did. Not to mention the fifteen years of schoolyard bullying he'd subjected me to. And also the cuckolding. Can't forget that. He's been using my wife as his own personal fucktoy for half a year! Yeah. Maybe eight weeks wasn't long enough. However, something had us curious. Two weeks after that awful night, James had dropped the civil suit against me and we wanted to know why. That's why we let him in.
"I'd never have sued you. I was just angry and... and hurt." he said, sitting down on our sofa.
"Hurt, how? What do you mean?" I asked.
He looked at Karen. His eyes were red and I thought for a second, I actually thought he was going to cry. "Because I knew I'd lost you." he muttered, addressing her directly. Taking a deep breath, still clutching the flowers, he added, "The main reason I wanted to speak to you both in person is that I wanted you to know that I'm not going to upload any of the...sex-stuff onto the Internet. That was another empty threat. I shouldn't have said that. I'd never do such a thing. I wouldn't do that to my worst enemy."
Karen and I looked at each other, feeling hope and relief for the first time. If those recordings got out, we worried it would wreck normal life for us. Our families would see, our colleagues, our jobs might be on the line. The humiliation would be so unbearable we were even talking of moving house.
"I'll delete it all, if it's what you want." said James.
"It is!" Karen answered at once. "Delete all of it."
James nodded, miserably. "I promise. I will."
At that moment, Mr. Rippendale came bursting into the house brandishing one of his walking sticks like a cudgel. "Where is he? I saw his car outside!" James leapt defensively to his feet, shielding himself again with the bouquet. Karen and I had to grab our elderly neighbour to stop him flying at James, though probably, he wouldn't have done much damage anyway, stick or no stick.
Karen and I both made us all tea, giving James the chance to apologise to our neighbour for striking him that night. After he'd finished visiting with us, James had planned to go over to John's house also. We listened in amazement at the sincerity in James's voice. Was this the same person, who, two months ago was the most arrogant prick in the world? He went on at some length and seemed so genuinely regretful of his actions that John eventually allowed James to shake his hand.
What was the cause of his violent outburst? I wanted to know. That night, James wasn't just angry, he was damn near out of control when he silently entered our house and saw Karen, stark naked in our neighbours lap, sucking his tongue while John fingered her clitoris. Not only was I also in the same room - but she was my wife! Not his! If anyone should be cracking up, it should have been me! Jealousy, surely was not the cause. James himself has made my wife fuck numerous male friends of his - even his fat, disgusting business associates! So why had he lost control?
"Because I love her." He said simply, stunning us all into silence. "Because I've loved her since the first night I saw her. And I knew she was losing interest in me. I was losing you." He said to Karen. My wife squirmed uncomfortably in her chair.
"You were using her for sex!" I accused him.
He shook his head to disagree. "You mean, I was her bull? No. I wasn't. Not really. I wanted you to think that. I wanted Karen to think that too because that's the role she needed me to play. The arrogant master. That actually ...", he paused, "That actually, isn't me. Karen likes to be dominated so I dominated her. Don't get me wrong. I loved it. It was filthy and sexy and fun and it came easy to me because I was a bullying little prick when we were young, as you know, Tom. But I put that side of me in a box, years ago. I'm actually quite a kind and considerate person these days. I try very hard to be."
"But the first night at the school reunion... You so were so fucking arrogant!" I argued.
He nodded. "I saw you come in together and couldn't take my eyes off Karen. She's the most beautiful, amazing person I've ever seen. I watched you both the whole night. And when I saw Craig and Graham slip off to the toilets, I seized my chance. When I grabbed your waist and called you a little slut," he addressed Karen, "I was bolder because I was half drunk and I'd just done a line. I was so jealous that you had such a beautiful wife, Tom, that I wanted to take a snide little stab at you, the way I used to when we were kids. I thought you'd actually hit me but I thought it'd be worth it. I didn't care." He smiled, adding. "You totally should have."
We were all stunned by this revelation. Karen didn't say anything. She was deep in thought.
"You won't see me again. I'm not going to pester you anymore. I feel ashamed by how I acted. I had no right to do what I did and again, I'm sorry. That's all I wanted you to hear."
He handed Karen the bouquet and we followed him to the door. John and I shook his hand. He held mine longer than was necessary and I felt him regretting all those childhood years of torment and wanting to say more. Karen hung in the background, her nose buried in the flowers, unreadable. James gave her a little smile, got in his car and left.
-
Weeks and weeks passed. James was true to his word. He didn't contact us again and I started to think he was out of our lives for good. But then Karen came home late one night wearing different clothes from those she 'd gone out with in the morning. Worried because it was late, I went to greet her as she entered the house and was taken aback when she practically attacked me, horny as fuck! She tore my trousers open, wrapping both hands around my cock, sucking it blissfully to hardness.
I knew then, that she'd been with James. She was cheating on me!
"Fuck me, baby! I need your cock inside me right now!" she demanded, pulling me so that I slammed her back against the wall. I slid easily into her cunt, right up to the balls, she was so wet! "OH, yes! That's it!" she gasped, ripping her sweater off. Wrapping her thumbs around her bra straps, she smiled at me naughtily and I noticed that her bra was soaking. She pulled it slowly down revealing her gorgeous boobs, glistening because they were still covered in semen. "Fuck!" I gasped, appalled and immensely turned on at the same time. "Is that... is that James Thompson's cum?" Her teeth gleamed as she licked her tongue.
-
James was more than a little taken aback to find my wife on his doorstep. She was soaked to the bone beacause she'd been walking in the rain for hours, but it was her livid expression that made him feel a genuine tingle of fear. She looked ready to murder him.
"Karen!" he gasped. "Wha... are you okay? Come in, you're soaking! Let me get you a towel! Take your coat off!" He hurried away, fussing, returning with a towel. She shoved him hard in the chest, startling him. Then she shoved him again, gritting her teeth. "Wha! What is it?"
"I don't know why I'm here!" she screamed in frustration, stamping her foot. "I want to fucking... I don't KNOW! I don't know if I want to slap you or scream at you or... or hug you... or... or fuck you." she sobbed miserably, tears rolling down her face. "I've missed you!"
James threw his arms around her and squeezed her tight, not caring about her wet clothes. She sagged in his arms and deep sobs wracked through her. James too. He also started crying. He held her limp body for a long, long time and she let him, gratefully absorbing his heat, her face smooshed against his powerful chest, his scent, filling her lungs. She closed her eyes and breathed him in.
Time stopped as he held her, releasing her only after her crying had subsided naturally. Tenderly, he moved her hair out of her face and kissed her forehead, peeling off her wet coat also. "Look," his voice was reassuring and gentle. "Go help yourself to a hot shower. You still have a lot of clothes in my wardrobe too, so help yourself. I'll go make us some hot-chocolate and put the fire on."
She sniffed and chuckled. "You've never made me hot chocolate before."
He grinned. "I didn't want you to think I was a soft touch. I actually make a really good hot-chocolate."
When she returned, wearing an entirely new outfit, sweater, skirt and even underwear, the first thing she said was, "You took down our picture." She was referring of course, to the obscene and very massive framed print he'd had made of her; the one where he had her nude, in a head-lock, her bald pussy stretched tightly around his massive cock which was buried deep inside her.
"Er... yeah. It didn't seem right to keep it up after everything that happened. Disrespectful, somehow. All our porn... I got rid of that too. Hardest fucking thing I've ever done in my life! Deleting that!" he muttered unhappily.
Karen grinned and held his hand. "Thank you. God! This is good hot-chocolate!" she said, taking a sip. James nodded appreciatively. "I told you so."
-
The sperm that coated my beautiful little wife's full breasts, was not in fact, James Thompson's. They had spent a few hours talking and enjoyed a second hot chocolate. He was a considerate host and true gentleman, she told me. It was when they were walking to his car, deep in the parking structure below the building that "Oh, damn!" James grimaced, seeing the two young men walking towards them. When James used to take Karen home, he often forced her to be nude. These two young guys not only saw her, but feeling particularly naughty, James had allowed them to feel her up for five minutes. Of course, now, he regretted it deeply!
The two pimply youths grinned as they passed, Karen smiled and James avoided eye-contact all together. "Show us your titties." One of them said under his breath, sniggering. His mate started laughing.
"For fuck's sake, lads. Show a bit of respect!" James said forcefully and stopped. Both their eyes were as wide as saucers and their mouths were hanging open. James turned around and was shocked to see Karen grinning, her top and bra pulled up revealing her phenomenal bare boobs. She stood with her legs apart, one hip higher than the other, modelling for the cheeky young men. She licked her mouth and jiggled her breasts, cupping them and bouncing them in her hands.
The boys whooped with delight.
"Wanna touch 'em?"
They were on her like white on rice, not giving a fuck that James was standing there or that they were in a public parking garage. Karen didn't care either. She dropped her coat on the floor and pulled her top off for the boys, now completely topless. She giggled as they groped her savagely. She guided their heads down to suck on her nipples and exhaled a sexy little gasp as their mouths clamped on her nipples. James watched, paralysed. "Do you like my titties, boys?" she asked. They nodded frantically, sucking like babies. "Pull your cocks out and I'll give them a little bit of a wank while you play with my big titties." They didn't hesitate, and Karen found herself holding two incredibly hard, teenage penises. She lovingly worked her tiny hands up and down their shafts. Spitting into her palms, lubricating their bulbous heads.
"Wanna see my little pussy too? Take down my knickers." she said, pulling her skirt up around her waist. Then she lay on the bonnet of a car and spread her legs for the two boy's to enjoy her body. James's cock was rock hard but he didn't take it out of his trousers, he just stood there gasping like a drowning fish, looking around nervously for anyone approaching. He didn't have to stand on guard for long because the two boys started ejaculating, unable or unwilling to last any length of time. Karen dropped to her knees so they could finish all over her boobs. They plastered her chest, she was glad to see, never breaking eye-contact with James. When they finished, they collected her clothes, passed them to her sheepishly and ran off exhultant, skipping and jumping literally. She smiled at James as she carefully positioned her bra over the cum-load and pulled down her top.
"Please hang our picture back up." she smiled.
Lost for words, James handed her the coat.
-
That was the last time she saw him. James now seemed to have left my wife's system entirely. She didn't contact him again nor did he contact her but a few months later, he once again entered our lives.
It was the middle of the afternoon and Karen and I were reading, lounging together on the couch when she received a text alert from Samantha that read, "Come to old-man John's. Hurry.x"
Puzzled, she hurried across the cul-de-sac and let herself into John's home. She found our elderly neighbour having his cock sucked by Michelle. Wearing only black stockings and a garter belt, Michelle lay on the sofa with her head in his lap, lovingly sucking his massive hard cock, her hand clamped around his shaft on his balls. Sam and Kay were entirely nude, on either side of the pensioner, feeding him their breasts. All eyes lit up when they saw her and Sam and Kay cheered with delight, making a very shocked Karen grin. "What are you doing here, you randy sluts?" she asked, faling into their arms. "Are you trying to murder my dear neighbour with sex?" she laughed, kissing John. "How are you, Sweetheart?" he asked her, grinning.
Karen sucked his cock into her mouth and French-kissed Michelle at the same time. Kay wasted no time undressing Karen as they all talked at once. "Karen," said Michelle, kissing her mouth. "Can I go across the road and fuck your husband?"
"What? Are you serious?"
"Please? I'm the only one who hasn't fucked him yet and I've been obsessing over it, driving my poor husband wild."
"Yeah... well, sure. Of course. Go fuck his brains out. He's reading in the lounge."
Michelle thanked her with a quick peck and snatched up a wool cardigan, wrapping it swiftly around her. It came down to just below her ass and we grinned as she went hurrying out of the house. God! She looked sexy as hell. "He's a lucky boy." said John, approvingly. Karen grinned, taking hold of his wet dick. "Not as lucky as you, you old pervert." she said, licking his slit, sucking the tip of his cock with her lips.
Michelle took me utterly by surprise. When I heard the door open and close I assumed it was my wife. I didn't look up from my book until Michelle was straddling me, opening her cardigan to reveal her perfectly sexy little landing strip and gorgeous, kissable belly and boobs. I practically died on the spot. Michelle laughed. Hypnotised, I stared as she swayed her breasts gently from side to side and handed me a small piece of folded paper, making me feel like I'd fallen into some weird surreal sex-dream. It was a hand-written note from Craig, my friend. "Tom. Please do me a great favour and fuck my wife. She hasn't stopped going on about you because she's the only one who hasn't had sex with you yet. I told her she's not missing much, of course. But she still wants a ride. Fuck her good. Craig. P.s, She likes a finger in the butt when she's fucking. Good luck."
John's cock was deep inside Samantha's cunt. She rode him gently, almost overwhelmed by pleasure as his massive member stretched out her insides but she still managed to converse with Karen and kiss Kay's neck and shoulders at the same time. John fondled Kay's small boobs as she masturbated in his lap and Karen stood above John, grinding her wet pussy into his mouth.
"You have to go! The Triple Threat Burlesque Review are coming back by special request!" said Sam.
A year had passed since the last school reunion and inundated with requests and pleas from those who had attended last year, James had finally relented and organised a second reunion at the same country hotel his company used for functions. He was adamant that another sex-show would absolutely NOT be repeated but no-one cared and begged anyway. He did however, go to some lengths to re-book the Triple Threat Burlesque Review. Karen and I had received our invitation that morning.
"Apparently," Sam continued, "Everyone's been asking for you."
Karen's face whitened and she climbed off John, taking a seat in the armchair. "God, really? Are you serious? Sam, I could never go back to there! Not after what I did!"
"Are you joking?" said Sam, still fucking John's cock. "Everyone loved you! I'm not even kidding! It was the sexiest thing anyone's ever seen watching you up on that stage. They all want you to come back and do it again. James has been plagued with requests."
"What did she do?" asked John.
The girls grinned. Kay said, "That was the night she met James. She was pulled up onto the stage by these incredibly hot naked dancers and next thing you know, James was ejaculating all over her face as she fucked the girls with a dildo. Then, covered in cum, she masturbated in front of everyone until she passed out."
"Whoa there, Tiger!" gasped Sam as John's cock suddenly throbbed inside her.
"And then," Kay went on, kissing the old man's mouth, "James carried her naked through the audience, right past us and her husband, and took her up to his hotel room and fucked her for two days straight."
"Oh, Lord! Sam!" John gasped, his balls twitching as he started to cum. Sam struggled off him too slow and semen shot up inside her, soaking her delicious wet cunt as she pulled him out. Voluminous ropes of sperm landed on her belly and tits, some on her smiling face too. She wanked him enthusiastically, open-mouthed at the amount of semen he produced. His prick jerked again and again as it continued to shoot load after load and she rubbed her clitoris hard against his bell-end, luxuriating as his sperm-covered cock re-entered her hungry cunt.
Karen came closer to watch, absent mindedly feeding her nipple into Sam's mouth.
"Who has been asking for me? You mean the people in the audience?"
Sam nodded. "We know most of them." said Kay, "Old school friends mostly."
"But... James will be there! I can't face him. I'm not going up on stage either! I don't even know why I did that in the first place! God, no! I can't go! Oh God, I feel so embarrased."
Kay wrapped her arms around Karen and cuddled her. Sam joined in too, smearing them with John's spunk, making them laugh.
Meanwhile, in our house, I was balls-deep inside Michelle, being practically raped as she pounded the fuck out of me, screaming with climax. God! She was horny as fuck! I'm amazed she didn't pull my cock off! She collapsed into my arms after she climaxed and we made out for a long time like high-school sweethearts, my cock still hard inside her. "Oh, my God, Tom. Thank you. That was... oh, God, I love fucking married men." I chuckled softly, caressing her sweat-covered back, licking her tongue.
"You must go to the reunion," she breathed. "Everyone wants to watch Karen sucking James's cock again."
"I don't see it happening," I said, my cock flexing inside her, making her smile. "They've stopped talking." I told her.
"Shit. That's too bad." She didn't speak again for a few minutes then she whispered seductively, "It was fucking hot, wasn't it? Watching him fuck her mouth on stage. The way he spat into her mouth," My cock flexed again and I gulped, agreeing. "Did you like it? Did you enjoy watching another man face-fuck your wife?"
"Oh, fuck, Michelle. Yes! I did."
"Remember how he took her away to his room and turned her into a slut? She told us how she begged and begged him to make her his nasty little whore."
God, I started fucking her and she grinned, matching my thrusts, moaning with pleasure.
"Did you enjoy watching him fuck your little wife? God, what a man! He just took her whenever he wanted! So hot! Did you love watching her suck his cock and beg for his cum? How many times did he cum inside your wife?"
She continued on, whispering filth into my ear because it turned me on.
"I did! I loved watching her fuck him. It made me sick but I fucking loved it. She's a fucking horny little slut!"
"Oh, yes!" Michelle groaned. "We all are. All us girls. We only want one thing and that's to be full of cock. And cum. Fuck! Yes! Cum inside me, Tom. Fill me up. Give me your hot salty cum."
I seized her pelvis, bucking my hips, shooting my cum up into her as she reached another climax. Her piss sprayed slightly, covering my belly, intensiying our orgasm and we gripped each other hard enough to leave a mark. "Fill me..." she breathed, open-mouthed, eyes squeezed tight. My cock twitched, shooting load after load, more and more, emptying my balls. Even after I finished, I kept fucking her, unwilling to end this incredible moment. She collapsed again on top of me, her cunt still in spasm, gripping my dick. I held her, marvelling at the way her body jerked and convulsed as pheromones and hormones flooded her system. Her fingers clung to my chest and we kissed again, slowly, passionately, for a very long time.
-
Karen and I discussed at some length, whether or not we should attend the reunion and decided we weren't going to go. But a letter arrived unexpectedly. It was from James!
Dear Tom and Karen,
You should by now have received your invitation to attend the school-reunion - which, is only going ahead because I've had over a hundred messages begging me to organize another one - I just wanted to invite you personally and let you know that I'll stay away from you. I want you both to feel at ease and have a good time. I'll give you space to do so. Please come and enjoy yourselves.
sincerely yours,
James.
That night in bed, my wife wore the same pearl-silk teddy she'd worn that night on stage. She spread her legs and rubbed her slick, wet clitoris as I watched, stroking my erect cock. We talked it over again as I stroked her inner thighs and licked her moving fingers. Remembering how everyone had watched her that night, covered in semen, masturbating for their pleasure... God! It made us feel wickedly turned-on.
We agreed to go.
-
With her dark hair running down her back to her tiny waist, wearing a sumptuous black A-line mini dress with spaghetti straps and matching black heels, my little wife was turning heads the moment she stepped through the doors into the venue. Some people recognised her immediately and I felt Karen tense as I held her hand. Much whispering occurred and furtive looks cast but everyone was happy to see her. They smiled and some even waved shyly. Some men stared openly and were sharply reprimanded by their wives.
A small group of waving hands attracted us and to our relief, we spotted our friends, falling warmly into their embrace after struggling through the sea of people. We all laughed as we cuddled en masse, like a scrum of rugby players and happy, standing on tip-toes, Karen kissed Graham, Craig and Steven in turn, kissing their open mouths slowly, her tongue darting over theirs. One or two onlookers noticed, their eyes wide. Beautiful Samantha wrapped an arm around my shoulder and did exactly the same to me, her tongue darting, the taste of her lipstick arousing. Then Michelle kissed me and so did Kay, grinning sexily as she felt my penis suddenly harden through my trousers. She pressed against me to hide my modesty.
"Drink?" Steven, said to me.
Opening my collar to release steam, I nodded. "Drink. Yes."
There were less people than before but the place was noticeably livelier. Everyone was dancing and sweating, a lot of kissing and grinding was going on and if I wasn't mistaken, there was a profound sexiness in the air. Everyone was looking forward to the burlesque performance, hoping for another debauched sex-show, no doubt. Karen had already told me she was having nothing to do with it but I doubted that was true. "They won't even remember me." She'd said, referring to the showgirls who'd recruited her into their performance. "To them I was just some faceless, horny slut in the crowd." I doubted the truth of that too. My wife left a lasting impression. I was sure they'd remember Karen.
And I was right.
A couple of hours of enjoyment passed in the blink of an eye. We drank and talked and danced and made out with each other like randy teenagers. I watched with a racing heart as each of my friends French-kissed my wife on the dance floor, cupping her ass, their hands roaming freely over her body, holding her tight. I did the same with their wives. All of us did, enjoying each other. Even the girls snogged each other openly, not giving a fuck who saw. Not that anyone did. The air was like an aphrodisiac. Everyone was snogging lasciviously, hugging and groping, eyes intense with lust.
James Thompson was as good as his word. He stayed away. We'd never have known he was even in attendance if he hadn't been sent over to deliver a note to Karen. Karen smiled at him shyly as she took the note, holding his eyes.
We all watched with interest as she read.
Dearest Karen,
Come at once, if convenient.
If inconvenient, come all the same.
Yours, Cecile.
"Who is Cecile?" Karen frowned. When James explained that she was the platinum-blonde showgirl, Karen suddenly jumped and said hurriedly, "I've got to go! Shouldn't be too long." and vanished into the throng leaving us all looking at each other rather curious. James had no answers either. He'd been asked to hand deliver the card. That was as much as he knew. "Enjoy the rest of your evening." He said, awkwardly, moving off.
"Hey." I said. "Stay. Have a drink."
"Really?" His expression was hopeful as he scanned the others. The girls watched him with an especially measured cold look but they also nodded, inviting him.
-
No-one knew James had organised a swing-band as part of the show until the music abruptly stopped and all the lights went out, plunging everyone into darkness. There was silence for a moment and then uneasy sniggers as people wondered what to do. Suddenly, a spotlight illuminated a band of five men in bow-ties and a trumpet, trombone and saxaphone blasted out an ear-piercing chord, making everyone jump. The chord was joined by double-bass and drums, progressing into a burlesque version of "Quando Quando Quando." and everyone went wild, applauding with excitement.
They played that song, and another and then another. Not many people knew how to dance to the rousing old-fashioned jazz music but we loved trying. The girls spun and were spun by their husbands. Sam, Michelle and Kay even made James and I participate, throwing themselves bodily into our arms to be dipped and lifted and spun again. Another song played and then, without warning, two spotlights shone into the middle of the crowd, revealing two unearthly, dazzling white goddesses. Skin as white as marble, silver bobbed hairstyles, matching long gloves and 5 inch heels, wearing thong and bra encrusted with diamond rhinestones, they blazed like stars through the dark. They were two-thirds of the Burlesque trio. "It Ain't What You Do, It's The Way That You Do It." began and the crowd pressed back as the girls launched into a synchronised forties swing routine, both goofy and incredibly hot at the same time. They danced on tip-toes and played off each other, one girl making a shocked "o" face as the other shook her ass. They pranced on tip-toes, windmilling their arms and kicking their heels to the rag-time. The cornier it was, the sexier it was. Their smiles were entrancing, causing everyone else to smile too.
They suddenly leapt up onto two small circular, red velvet platforms that until now had been hidden amongst the throng of people and they coquettishly started to remove their long gloves, wiggling their hips like 40's pin-up girls. God! All eyes were glued to them. My penis twitched involuntarilly as they stripteased and I shifted uneasily, knowing that men all around me were doing the same.
The dancers slowly worked their way out of their bras to much applause, revealing diamond pasties on their nipples with little tassels.
Another song began and their routine changed. Enormous feather fans appeared, one in each hand and the girls made them look like wings as they spun and danced like two exotic birds. They teased us with their long legs and heels, their seductive eyes, beckoning from under their brows as they flicked their tongues. They rustled their wings and crouched behind them, hiding, and everyone's prayers were answered when the girls held aloft their knickers soon to be followed by their nipple tassels. The wings were discarded too and we drank in the sight of them, utterly nude, shake their magnificent boobs and kicking their heels. They did the splits too, rolling onto their fronts, kicking their heels behind, then rolling over and opening their legs, thrusting their hips in time with the music, their beautiful bald pussies on show for all.
When the song ended and the applause began, they bowed low to the floor with their legs apart so everyone behind them could enjoy their nakedness. Then they turned to face the other way and did the same, toying with their nipples as they did so.
Another spotlight suddenly came on, revealing a third, larger stage, this one with curtains. And there was Cecile, the platinum-blonde showgirl. God! Everyone roared to see her, stamping their feet. Standing on one foot with an arm raised above her, she looked like Marilyn Monroe, wearing a white/silver corset and knickers, elbow length gloves with feathers and a long feather train that cascaded behind her like a water-fall, down her suspenders and stockings to her diamond heels. Her lipstick was luscious gash of red.
Only a sight as beguiling as she could make our eyes leave the two heavenly nude dancers. He smile was utterly entrancing and we watched her like deer in headlights. First, she toyed with a walking cane, posing for our admiration, her hips rocking, making long sleek lines with her arms. She made us giggle as she flicked her long feathery tail in time with the music and strutted to the sharp brass accents. I'm pretty sure I can speak for every man when I say that her striptease seemed to last forever. The women probably enjoyed it more, appreciating the seductive performance and routine. We men on the other hand wanted her to be naked and God! at times it felt like time had stopped and it was never going to happen! But all good things come to those who wait and wrapped inside an enormous fur boa, she threw off her bra and knickers, and suddenly, we could breathe again.
The sight of her pussy was mouth-watering. She bent lithely at the waist for us, wiggling her hips, her vaginal folds sparkled white like the rest of her marble skin and her fingers, toying her ass, ran up and down her legs, driving us wild. She wore nipple tassels too and spun around, shaking her shoulders to make them helicopter with the music. She then dropped to her knees, producing a dildo from somewhere, sucking it into her mouth as she opened her legs, gyrating her hips. Taking her time, she ran it up and down her slit, parting her lips and tugging them playfully with her fingertips. I was semi-hard when she thrust it into her pussy and hardening still as she fucked herself slowly for the crowd.
Both the dancers did likewise. With one foot on a tall stool, they fucked themselves slowly to the music while everyone watched agog. Some couples were grinding against each other as they watched. Some were kissing. One guy was feeling his wife's breasts and I saw, with surprise, that her top was up, her breasts exposed! The burlesque performers were in no hurry, gyrating and fucking slowly, deriving pleasure for themselves while still putting on a show. But, a show it still was and as the music started to build, their fucking became harder and harder still until they all three simultaneously came, spraying handfuls of glitter all over the audience to simulate female ejaculation. We roared with applause as they took their bows.
"I'm ever so pleased to see you all again, Darlings, and so soon!" The platinum-blonde spoke into an old fashioned microphone, her thick southern drawl intoxicating. "I can hardly believe it! It's a dream come true. How are you all?" More cheers. "I look around and I see some very sexy, horny people, yeah? I see some stiff cocks in pants, yeah?" Laughter. "And some of you girls have your titties out! Hmm, I fucking like that!" She said the word "fucking" very slowly, licking her lips. "Girls, please, all of you. Feel free to show us your lovely titties. We love tits!" she grinned, shaking her own.
A remarkable amount of women suddenly pulled off their tops or pulled down their dresses. Not everyone of course, but enough to startle and delight us all. Sam had her top pulled up and was grinning at her husband. Kay and Michelle were a little too shy and avoided it by each grabbing one of Sam's boobs and biting her nipples, much to our delight.
"You know, that reminds me." said Cecile, "I recall meeting a girl last year who had very fine titties indeed. Now. What was her name?"
My heart skipped a beat when the crowd suddenly roared out my wife's name, making the showgirls laugh. For fuck's sake! "That's right, my sweet little heart-cakes. Karen, was her name." Suddenly, she spun and pulled aside the curtain and there was Karen, on stage beside her, wearing a small white feather head dress and rhinestone necklace and thong. And nothing else except for two stars covering her nipples. Her body sparkled with body glitter but she was naked! The crowd went ballistic and Karen grinned from ear to ear, turning red as the showgirl led her on stage. The music began again.
Eyes darted in every direction trying to watch the two dancers perform, fucking themselves and spreading their ass cheeks and also watch Cecile dance with my wife. Karen did herself proud, teasing and posing like a professional burlesque performer, wiggling her hips and rubbing her boobs against Cecile's as they both kissed each other sluttily. They presented each other's asses, running their palms over the gleaming pearlescent skin, biting and licking each other. Cecile positioned Karen to face the audience and slowly removed the stars from her breasts, followed by her rhinestone thong. She stood behind Karen, cupping her tits and playing with her nipples, kissing her mouth deeply as Karen turned her head up to meet hers. My wife started masturbating in earnest as everyone watched, mesmerised. I knew she was doing it for real because she was doing it the same way she does in private. Eyes closed, the two women snogged passionately, their lipstick smearing together. Samantha, I saw, had her husband's erect cock in her hand, wanking it openly in front of everyone and Michelle was unzipping Craig while he massaged her breasts through her dress. Kay, too, was licking her lips, fixing her husband with a lusty look. James and I glanced at each other, open-eyed with disbelief.
Karen came hard, nearly doubling over in the showgirls embrace. Cecile dropped to her knees and licked Karen's hands as they thrust at her clit, Karen moved them and the showgirl clamped her mouth onto Karen's pussy, arching her own cunt towards the audience, rubbing her clit. Karen collapsed to her knees and their mouths locked together again. Cecile lay upon her back with her legs splayed open. Karen placed one foot over her leg so they could mash their soaking wet cunts together. Pulling her hips, Karen ground her clit against Cecile's, fucking the showgirl as her eyes scanned the horny crowd.
"Oh my fucking God!" the showgirl screamed, digging her claws into Karen's flesh. She was no longer performing. She was thrashing demonically, fucking Karen with all her might. The two naked dancers smiled at each other as she came and one of them mouthed. "You owe me fifty bucks!"
A good few people in the audience were openly fucking each other now. This was descending into depravity. Cecile wrapped her arms around Karen and they French-kissed passionately, their surroundings momentarily forgotten in the afterglow of orgasm, their hands hungrily exploring one another. Then the showgirl remembered she was still on stage. Laughing, they helped each other up and with their arms around each other's hips, they bowed to the audience, to rousing applause. "Well, fuck me!" Cecile moaned into the microphone. "I was not expecting THAT! Or then again," she winked at Karen, "Maybe I was!" More applause. Karen grinned. "We're missing one essential ingredient for our grand finale. My sexy lover here," she kissed Karen's mouth, "has just reminded me. What is it Darling?" she drawled sexily into the microphone. "What are we missing?"
"James." Karen said, deliberately slow.
The crowd cheered. My heart stopped. No. Please not again! I glanced at James who was as white as a sheet.
"I want James." my wife continued. "I want James to come and fuck me in my little pussy."
The audience cheered with more approval and Cecile grinned. "Do you know where James is, Sweetheart?"
"Yes. He's standing over there beside my husband."
The crowd erupted and Cecile gasped with delighted horror. "Your husband! Karen! You dirty bitch!" Karen giggled and nodded naughtily. "Don't you want to fuck your poor husband too?"
"No. I only want James. I want him to come here and fuck me in my little mouth and then fuck me up my little asshole and then cum inside my little... tight... pussy. I want him to bite my fat titties," she said, jiggling her boobs, her eyes fixed on James's. "I want his strong arms to choke me while he uses me like a little fucking dirty cunt whore. I want him. I need him to tear me apart. I want him to fucking rape me while my husband watches!"
The crowd suddenly went still. For a whole second no one breathed and then everyone exploded with cheers, chanting James's name.
James looked at me wide-eyed and I scowled, nodding towards my wife. "Go on then. She's waiting." James gulped and started for the stage. He was immediately set upon by the two naked showgirls who ripped off his clothes as he walked. By the time he reached the stage he was naked, sporting a huge erection that Karen instantly took into her mouth, falling to her knees.
The naked showgirls joined Cecile, wrapping their arms around her, caressing and kissing her as they watched James face-fuck my wife. Karen's ass and tits were bouncing and slapping as she made love to that enormous cock, gagging on it, spitting on it and rubbing her two tiny hands up and down its length as James spat into her willing mouth, making her suck his fingers too. She licked his balls and smeared his dick all over her face, licking every part of him, holding his muscular ass in both her hands as her head bobbed.
James snatched her up easily, turning my wife upside down, eating her wet cunt as she stuffed his prick back into her mouth. Suddenly I felt hands on my trousers and turned to see that each of the girls was openly wanking off their husbands. Sam wanted me to join in. As I watched James lower my tiny wife onto his cock and heard her scream as his colossal member penetrated her vagina, Sam's hand took hold of my cock, wrapping tightly around my girth, wanking both Graham and I as we watched.
Karen's pussy took all of James, every single inch of his incredibly huge dick. It must have been smashing through her cervix but she was loving it. Her eyes were closed as he slammed her, her lips locked on his, lost in passion. With his sweating, bulging muscles and her voluptuous, perfect body, they were erotic beyond description. The passion with which they loved each other was so intoxicating I started to cum. Sam wanked me furiously, licking her tongue into my mouth.
James started to cum too and I heard my wife's voice. "Inside me, baby. Cum inside me! I want your seed in my belly! Fill me. Cum in me!"
Graham and Craig and Stephen all started cumming too, shooting ropes of spunk all over their wives dresses and the floor. The audience had turned into a veritable orgy and I saw men ejaculate onto womens tits and on their faces as they sucked cock. It was fucking primordial. Those left with two free hands, and there weren't many, applauded the sex-show my wife had just performed for them, enjoying one last encore as the three girls pulled Karen slowly off James's cock, turning her open-legged so everyone could admire the sight of his sperm dripping from her red, used hole.
"Had enough, Darling?" Cecile asked Karen, kissing her mouth.
"No." she said into the microphone, looking at James. "Take me upstairs again and make love to me. Fuck me. I want you to fuck me over and over until I can't walk anymore. Please! I fucking need you! I need you so bad."
As James hoisted her over his shoulder in a firemans lift, the same way he had before, a year ago, Cecile encouraged them off with a round of applause and the girls took their final bow.
James carried my naked wife to me, ass first, I could see chunks of his white sperm still trickling out of her. His eyes were seeking my approval and I nodded. Every eye in the place watched me so I kissed my wife on her bare ass and James carried her towards the lifts, buck-ass naked. As before, I admired the way her boobs swayed and the little secret wink she gave me.
Steven wrapped an arm around my shoulders and gave me a manly shake, making us both aware that our cocks were still hanging out, dripping sperm. "You're coming home with us tonight buddy, Kay wants to be... stuffed at both ends. Her words. Not mine. Come on. Put your cock away."
-
epilogue
A month and a half later, Karen and I were just sitting down to tea in John's house. It was snowing hard outside and lovely and cosy inside. It was Christmas Eve and we were all wearing festive wooly jumpers and jeans. Karen had on huge Ugg-boots that made her adorable. The fireplace was blazing. The world outside was so quiet we easily heard James's car arrive in front of our house across the cul-de-sac. Karen stepped outside onto the porch and called across. He came running, holding a large bouquet of white roses and a small paper bag of gifts. John and I glanced at each other, uncertain. Stomping the snow from his shoes, Karen kissed him hello and we stood up as he came blustering in, flushed. "Just in time for tea." said John, shaking him by the hand. "Hiya Tom." James added, rubbing my back in a friendly way that, although genuine, still felt odd, coming from him. But I beckoned him to join us and we had a very nice, civil tea together.
"I don't deserve this." James muttered quietly afterwards. "After what I did. You're kind, all of you, for... for this!" he waved at the tea-things. "For inviting me over. I don't really know how to thank you. Seriously. Thank you."
Karen straddled his lap, catching everyone off guard, and started kissing his mouth like a lover, deeply, holding his head in both her hands. He stiffened but she kept on kissing, taking no notice of us watching. She kept on kissing him, until he started to soften and she moved his hands to her ass, grinding her pelvis hard against him.
Then she got up and did exactly the same to John, but pulling her jumper and bra off, jumping into his lap topless. James and I looked at each other with wide open eyes as she made John hold her breasts. She closed his fingers around her nipples and groaned with pleasure as he pinched and tweaked them the way she liked. She ground her vagina against him as he worked.
And then it was my turn. Smiling sweetly as she kicked off her remaining clothes and boots, she straddled me naked, kissing me passionately, moaning as I grabbed her ass and pulled her hard against me. My cock was bone-hard and she keenly fished it out of my pants, working her pussy around it and shifting her hips back and forth until it slid inside her.
The three of us made love to my beautiful little wife for two hours. Passionately at some points, roughly at others, all the time attentive and responsive to her needs. We swapped spit and licked each others saliva off her tits, she rubbed our cocks together as she sucked and licked them, we all fucked her at the same time, in every hole, making her cum so hard she actually did pass out for a minute. And she made each of us ejaculate inside her vagina. I was first, watching with amazement as my sperm leaked all over James's cock as he penetrated her next. The leaking semen she lovingly smeared over her body as she fucked. She made me wipe my sperm covered cock on her face. Only when she was satisfied that he'd emptyied his balls completely inside her did she allow James to remove his cock, to be replaced by John's. Wiping more cum onto her breasts she licked James's bell-end clean. He squeezed out a few more drops of pearly cum onto her tongue which she adoringly swallowed, kissing me in turn. John came too, filling her womb with his seed. She moaned, milking him with her hips and we stared as she added his cum to her torso and abdomen as he too cleaned his cock with her mouth.
She lay spread eagled on our laps, covered in our cum. Her arms around James and my shoulders, smiling sleepily, satisfied. In silence we all watched John's sperm slowly trickle out of her as he toyed gently with her clit, bringing her down gently.
"I'm pregnant." she said softly. So softly we didn't quite take it in at first. "My birth control didn't work and one of you knocked me up. I don't know who the father is and you know what? I don't want to know because... I love you."
My heart stopped.
"It's true." she admitted. "In different ways, I'm head over heels in love with each of you."
She looked up at me with tears in her smiling eyes and she caressed my chin. "You, Tom, you're my husband and you have my heart. You always will. For always. I love you so much!" Then she took John's hand. "John, I love you. You are my soul. To me, you are art and literature and culture and music and you make me feel safe. And James, you have my body. You fuck me how I need. With you, I can indulge in my filthiest fantasy and desire. I can show you a side of me that I can't show anyone else. And I love you for that. I love you too."
She spoke slowly and softly and with so much love that James and John's eyes filled with water. So did mine.
"I love all three of you in different ways. I want you all in my life. To share me. I'll be your wife. I'll be your lover. I'll be your friend. I want you all to fuck me often and pass me around. Share me. Use me. Love me if you can. And be part of our lives." she said, cradling her belly.
James placed his hands on hers as a fat tear fell from his eyes. John did likewise. He was crying softly.
It was a lot to take in, the logistics of raising a child, etc, but in that moment, we were all thinking exactly the same thing. This small, sperm-covered woman, lying in our laps with her legs akimbo, she was precious beyond words to each of us. If having her meant sharing her, there was no question. No question at all. And her baby... God, how the idea filled us all with delight beyond measure.
We kissed Karen all over her sperm-covered face and all over her sperm-covered body too, loving her, biting her and grabbing her and squeezing her until, squealing with glee, she thrashed and broke free, sprinting off laughing towards the bedroom. The sight of her gorgeous wobbling ass blessing us with a final parting gift before we all gave chase.
The End.