My wife and I were on our way home from a business night out. We were sat in the back of a taxi with about a thirty minute journey ahead of us. My wife looked beautiful and sexy, she was wearing a plum coloured dress that fell to mid calf, with a halter neck. Very elegant and I loved the way the loose skirt of the dress swayed when she walked.
I looked over at my wife, she was staring intently at our taxi driver. He was perhaps about mid 50's and very average looking. He looked like he led a boring life. Now here's something my wife's friends don't know, my wife is a bit of an exhibitionist.
My wife glanced over at me, her eyes hooded with desire. "Show me your stockings" my voice loud enough for the driver to hear. She gathered the bottom of her dress in her hands and slowly lifted it until it rested at the top of her thighs. She was wearing nude stockings, the tops of which I could see, held in place by a plum coloured suspender belt. "Open your legs!" my voice had caught the attention of the driver and I could see him looking in his rear view mirror.
I placed my hand on my wife's thigh and trailed my hand upwards. My slightly callused hand scratching on the stocking. "Is your pussy wet, my love?" I enquired.
"Yes," she replied with a breathy moan. I palmed her silk clad pussy, "You're right, I can feel your heat through your knickers."
I continued rubbing my hand over her pussy. My wife was giving little moans, her head thrown back against the seat. I saw a movement from the front of the taxi and out of the corner of my eye I could see the driver's hand moving the mirror, presumably looking for the perfect view of my wife.
"Undo the neck of your dress." I instructed. My wife reached up behind her head to the clasp at her neck holding the dress in place. The material dropped down revealing her pert titties. They were probably about a handful in size, firm enough that she didn't always need to wear a bra.
The taxi driver now had a good view of my wife's naked breasts and silk clad pussy. I shifted to the edge of the seat, sitting sideways. I palmed both of her tits, lifting and squeezing them. I leant down and flicked her nipple with my tongue. I continued licking and sucking on one, while I reached up with my hand and pinched the other nipple.
My wife was know openly moaning and the taxi had slowed down to a crawl as the driver was now more focused on his mirror. I pulled my mouth away from her tit, "Take off your knickers." She grabbed the material at her hips and yanked them down and threw them on the seat beside her. With an open palm I gently slapped her pussy. The sound of slapping against wet, bare flesh could be heard.
I was in need of release and I pulled my wife down off of the seat and onto the floor. I opened my legs wide, undid my trousers and pulled out my hard dick. "Suck it!" I commanded. My wife knelt between my thighs and took my dick in her hand and licked it from root to tip before putting it in her hot, wet mouth.
She cupped my balls in her free hand and rolled them in her hand. Her head bobbed up and down as she slurped and swallowed my dick. Just as I was about to cum I reached out placed my hand on her head and pushed it down. My dick forced its way down her throat and I emptied my salty load. I released her head and she sat back up next to me.
She looked at the driver in the mirror and licked the residue cum from her lips. Looking out of the window I could see we were about two or three minutes from home. I parted my wife's legs opening her pussy up for the driver to see.
I swirled two fingers around her opening before pushing them deep inside her. I fucked her hard with my fingers and rubbed her clit. Just as the taxi pulled up outside her house my wife screamed in orgasm. I removed my sopping fingers from her pussy. I took the money for the fare out of my wallet and handed it to the driver, making sure to run my still wet fingers across his palm. My wife exited the car, as I was getting out I turned back to face the driver, "You can keep the knickers," I said nodding towards the wet piece of silk, "Enjoy!" And with that I left to go and enjoy round two.