Synopsis:
Chelsea and Jim are transplants from Iowa to California. Their California neighbors invite them to a nude "welcome to the neighborhood party" but the modest Iowans aren't sure they can bare all.
*
The California sun was lazily rising above the mountain ridges in the Central Valley as Jim and Chelsea Jennings made breakfast in their new home in the Audubon Glades subdivision. They moved here last month from the small Midwestern town of Davis City, Iowa. Even though they were in the great Golden State they were surprised at how isolated they were from the rest of California. This community was like an isolated world of it's own. Jim is an independent consultant working at home for distant clients. One of the perks of working at home like this is the family could live anywhere. They chose to leave the Iowa winters behind and move West. The sheer beauty of the hillsides covered with wildflowers, the perfect weather and a subdivision of attractive homes with all the amenities convinced them this was their Valhalla.
After breakfast Chelsea put on a pair of cutoff denim shorts and a cutoff tee shirt that just covered her medium but firm breasts. She worked hard keeping her 40 year old body fit. The exposed flesh of her abdomen revealed nice six pack abs and a flat tummy while her skin tight shorts exposed her long toned and tan legs. She normally wouldn't go out in public wearing clothes like this but today she was gardening and wanted to stay cool. She loved outdoor gardening and the California sunshine suited her well. She selected a tray of Pink Clematis as a border plant and was in the process of setting them in the ground when Holland Barrister and his wife Audrey wandered by while on a morning walk. Chelsea met Holland the day before and didn't really like the way he looked at her. Today as they approached Holland was staring at the exposed cheeks of her butt that the the too short denim did not cover. She caught him staring and tried tugging the hemline of the shorts down for better coverage as she stood up. She greeted the two who by now had come into her yard. Holland was president of the Audubon Glades homeowners association while Audrey was the Queen Bee of the local Red Hat Society. Together they ran just about every social activity in Audubon Glades and everyone knew them. Chelsea felt creepy that the old guy was now staring at her breasts then let his eyes wander down her shapely curves stopping at the area formed by the juncture of her legs. The denim was tightly pressed against her womanhood not leaving much to the imagination as it highlighted all the nuances of her pelvic curves.
Audrey spoke first as she greeted Chelsea. "The Association is having a pool party at the clubhouse this Friday night. All the neighbors will be there and we hope you can come."
Chelsea replied, "Jim and I would love to meet some more of the neighbors. In the 4 weeks that we've been here we have met quite a few people but we haven't met everybody."
Audrey quizzed her, "Are you sure you will be able to come? I'm asking because a few of us want to make it a welcome to the neighborhood party for you and Jim."
"Thank you. We definitely will be there," Chelsea said happily at hearing this.
Holland spoke up, "Tell her the rest of the news Audy."
Audrey continued, "well, as you know I'm Queen Bee of the Red Hats. We Red Hats are a society of woman who wear Red Hats and Purple Boas because we can. Our motto is not to care what the world thinks of us and what we do. When we planned your welcome party this week we needed a theme that is relevant to current events and yet outrageous in the Red Hat tradition. National Nude Day is coming and we thought, what the hell, we'll have a neighborhood nude pool party! The dress code will be au naturel. Holland and I are so glad you and Jim are not a bunch of prudes and will be there to join the fun."
Holland leered at her one more time as he and Audrey resumed their walk. Chelsea lost her voice as she stood in the yard with her mouth agape as the couple left.
Chelsea hurried back inside visibly shaking. Jim was at his computer deeply engrossed in a job for a client when he looked up and saw his gorgeous wife enter the room practically in tears. Jim loved Chelsea. He admired the way the cutoff tee shirt exposed her navel and that flat tummy. His eyes scanned her body hugging shorts that looked painted on. She was definitely hot and he was a lucky guy.
"Hey Babe, you look stressed out," Jim gestured to her, "what's up?"
Chelsea came over to where Jim was sitting and asked him to hug her. As Jim stood up and gladly drew her soft body against his she began sobbing. After some soothing by Jim, Chelsea recounted her encounter with the lecherous old Holland and his wife Audrey. She mentioned the "Welcome to the Neighborhood" party in the buff. Although he tried to be remain sympathetic to her modest ways, Jim also tried to tell her that we're in California now, we're not in Iowa anymore. California people have a reputation for being a little more kooky and a little more free spirited. It must be all this sunshine. Chelsea huddled close to him, accepting his soothing touches. Soon she had forgotten the encounter with Holland and Audrey and was in her marital world of love and happiness. She wanted nothing more than to make love to her husband. She kissed him deeply and gently touched him where she knew what his reaction would be. Jim began undressing Chelsea to afford better access for his fondling and nibbling of her body parts. After he removed the last of her clothing he laid her back on the bed and penetrated the heat between her legs. She was so soft he thought as pleasure flooded his body. Chelsea arched her back, wiggled her hips and pushed back wanting more of him. He continued the rhythm of his thrusts in a tempo that showed off the experienced lover he was. They continued until each reached fulfillment and remained on the bed wrapped in each others arms.
When they returned to the real world from their lovemaking Chelsea spoke. "Maybe you're right, Jim. I'm just an Iowa prude and I should take this opportunity and seize the day, Carpe Diem! But I'm still a little nervous about all the neighbors. I'm not sure if I can really go through with it when the time comes."
On Thursday Chelsea decided she had to do something about the "Welcome to the Neighborhood" party being planned in their honor. She thought about skipping out of town but decided it wouldn't be a good alternative since she would have to face the neighbors anyway someday. Well, maybe it won't be so bad she thought. As practice for the Friday night revealing, Chelsea decided she would garden today in the nude but in the backyard only. Their backyard was surrounded by a 6 foot high solid wooden fence which would afford her some privacy. After breakfast she returned to her bedroom where she slipped off her denim cutoffs and pink lace panties. She pulled her shirt over her head then reached behind and unfastened the clasp of her bra. Naked from head to toe she stepped into sandals and walked towards the back of the house. She felt a little strange to be walking around inside her house without a stitch of clothing on. Her nudity had always been confined to the bedroom or bathroom. She always wore at least a robe in the rest of the house. She was now passing through the kitchen as she advanced to the back door. Opening the door intrepidly Chelsea peered outside. As expected there was nobody in sight of the yard. Thursday morning, the day before the au naturel pool party, a nude Chelsea confidently stepped down onto the backyard patio. With every step she could feel the breeze rustle through her perfectly groomed pubic hair. It wasn't cold out but the unencumbered air on her nipples made them stand erect. So far so good. It felt funny being outside in her birthday suit but she was determined to tough it out and tackle some gardening chores. She felt the morning sun warming her back and her butt. A momentary thought materialized. She had not done anything about sunscreen! She scolded herself about the sunscreen, believing that her senses were just looking for excuses to end this experiment. In the buff Chelsea weeded the flowers, fertilized the roses, pulled spent blossoms and dug out some grass encroaching the edge of a garden patch near the back fence. She became very comfortable in her free spirited environment. So this is what it feels like to be a nudist, she thought.
Friday came all too quickly for Chelsea. Tonight was going to be the moment of truth. There was no way of getting out of this, she was going to have to display all of her feminine beauty. Feminine beauty that so far that has only been seen by Jim. I wonder what you wear driving to a nude party she thought. She looked in her closet at swim suits, clothes such as sweat pants and tee shirts but then thought, no she will look dressy and elegant at least for a party entrance. She selected a black silk robe to wear over her bare flesh.
The party was to start at 6 PM but there was no hurry to get there early or even on time. At 6:15 PM Jim and Chelsea, wearing only robes, backed out of their driveway and started the short neighborhood trip to the clubhouse. Jim was pretty confident and also a little excited about seeing some of the better looking women in the neighborhood in their womanly glory. Chelsea on the other hand was starting to get cold feet.
"Maybe this isn't such a good idea after all," she said to Jim.
"Nonsense Chelsea, you have nothing to worry about. You're the prettiest girl in the neighborhood," Jim complimented her.
Chelsea retorted, "I've never done anything like this before. Nude, in front of strangers?" she worriedly questioned herself. "We never should have come here," she silently whispered to herself. She pulled the robe sash tighter around her waist as they now walked from the parking lot to the club house.
Greeting them at the door was a very nude Audrey. As she walked her silver gray pubic hair and freely swinging pancake shaped boobs prominently revealed her age. She moved through the sea of naked bodies with ease with Jim and Chelsea in tow. Our guests of honor have arrived she announced to no one in particular. Wearing the silk robe, Chelsea felt very self conscious. Arriving like this has put them at the center of attention. Taking the robe off now will turn into an unwanted strip tease, she thought. Not a good move. They should have taken their robes off in the parking lot and quietly entered via a side door. It's too late now, too many pairs of eyes are on them. She had the feeling, real or not, that the whole room was staring at her, waiting to see her almost perfect body. A body that she has kept hidden from the world until now. Oh no she thought as Holland spotted them and made his way towards them. Like his wife Audrey and the others in the room, Holland was carrying a drink and proudly displaying that there was not a stitch of clothing covering his gray haired body.
"Please God," thought Chelsea, "make this be a bad dream. I can't 't possibly take my robe off with this old geezer gawking at me."
As Holland approached them he was leering with expectation at Chelsea. Then it happened. Hollands face turned red as one hand clutched his belly and his eyes turned glassy. The drink glass fell out of his hand moments before he fell to the ground.
"Get a doctor, call 9-1-1," an unidentified voice called.
A few of the gathered men and woman knelt at Hollands side, a nude lady in her forties said she's a nurse and felt for his pulse. He's not breathing she said. They turned him on his back and attempted CPR. Sirens could be heard in the distance as suddenly the party guests started donning robes. By the time the EMS arrived, the party goers were dressed with the exception of poor Holland who laid on the floor covered by a blanket that had materialized. The EMS team worked on him for 20 minutes before pronouncing him deceased as Audrey wept loudly over her husband's body. There was no ambition to continue the celebration as guests slowly filed out mourning the tragedy that had just taken place.
Jim and Chelsea were among those silently processing back to the parking lot. Once back in the driveway of their home Chelsea got out somberly. Jim looked over to his wife and was very surprised as she took the silk robe off and marched up the sidewalk nude to the front door of their home.