Note: Hazel just is learning about sex as an acceptable activity. For all her life, she has felt guilty about masturbating, even embarrassed to discuss it with her husband Henry. He has been patiently exposing her to sex without guilt for longer than twenty years. Surprised, Henry has learned watching her videos that a lot of things he thought all his life were wrong.
***
After 70 years of guilty sex, Hazel had opened the door to guilt-free love for herself and her husband by the simple act of spending $49.99 to buy a mail-order set of DVD. She had impulsively ordered them. Henry had retrieved the package in the mail and inadvertently viewed one before she told him about having ordered them.
He asked her to explain. When she did, they knew for sure that the barn door was wide open for dialog, discovery, experience, and participation in sex acts of what seemed like an almost unbelievable variety of possibilities to her and to him.
They were in their 70's full of conservative upbringing. She was raised Catholic, while he was given the choice of as many different churches as his mother could take him to learn about first hand. He had chosen Episcopal because he liked the preacher and the pomp and formality. He attended the Baptist Youth Group because his girlfriend was the Baptist minister's daughter. He held no great sway for a church, as he eventually didn't use one anymore. But the community influence was strong and conservative for both of them as kids growing up in the western US. It consequently influenced how they thought today at age 70. Additionally, they had both read 'Atlas Shrugged' and 'The Fountainhead' and were able to relate to each other and discuss them when they first met.
When he asked for her explanation of the priorities of the subjects of the DVD's since there were over fifty titles to select from, she told him that she ordered them in the order of her lifelong curiosities. She had chosen, in this order, the following titles: masturbation, anal, lesbian, group, female Dom, toys, and fantasy. She had received a bonus DVD about exhibition and voyeurism.
Hazel had always liked masturbating as a teenager. She only did it infrequently, but once she married at eighteen years of age, wouldn't do it again until she was single and thirty years old because the church always had said it was a sin. She was suspicious that when she died she was going to have a few fingers missing from the constant rubbing she had learned to do now that her DVD's had proven to her that it was okay, and even healthy for seniors to do a lot for health and strength.
They were able to position themselves in the living room to watch the DVD so that they could in the strong bright light see clearly each other's genitals. His cock was hard as frozen chicken and looked a lot like a chicken neck with a bright reddish comb on the end which was what the crown of his cock looked like this afternoon with the white leather shoelace he used as a homemade cock ring. He had it wrapped twice around the base of the crown and it was turning the head of his cock dark red.
She had two white bath towels folded beneath her in preparation for any possible mess that her jilling herself would cause. On the pool deck where she had been sunning, her first fingering after watching the DVD 'Masturbation,' had led to an apparent ejaculation which had created a mess and possibly a dark stain. She hoped the sun would bleach the stain away.
They each had a remote for the DVD player so that either of them could control the show. They had learned to do that years ago to ease sharing the many viewing features available on the new TV. That way they could routinely both tweak different features when they watched something together.
When the DVD started, they were holding hands, and that lasted only until the credits had faded away. Then and the smallest, blackest cock and the wettest, whitest pussy ever placed in the same room were shown getting comfortable in a room a lot like their living room. She adjusted the sound, he adjusted the image to HD. They both blew each other a kiss and reached for their genitals as though choreographed to be a synchronized grope. She then asked him to stop and stand in front of her so she could take a picture of his little cock with the girly looking ruffle around the crown. He was proud to have himself photographed. Hazel had to hurry because he said he was getting an erection and it was happening fast. As soon as she had the pictures, he tightened a white leather shoelace twice around the crown of his cock. His cock's head immediately started to swell and the skin pulled taut and shiny.
She reversed the DVD and added a picture of the little black cock with a ruffle around the crown to her camera's pictures.
She snapped a few pictures as his cock grew to full erection. She said he could get started, as she had begun to add coconut oil to herself. He too added coconut oil to his hands, balls, cock, and asshole.
So the DVD now has the black cock in focus, the white pussy is out of focus. His hands moving in random-seeming patterns touching his black balls, cock, and ass. He feels the tightening in his testicles that signals to his ancient memory that he has DNA and life about to be produced for some (un)lucky womb to create a human baby.
He knows the drill. The motion on his cock with a hand circling the fingers around his engorged shaft from the tip to the base, with a lot of pressure inside the squeezing of his fist which will usually and easily result in a launch of sperm.
Without interruption or external interference, his maleness would send that come, the first blast about 5 feet away in a tall arc. When it is intercepted it feels slimy, sticky, smells sort of like ammonia, changes color as it ages in the air, and tastes wonderful. When first ejaculated from the tip, it is very liquid and gains body as it ages and flies through the air to land hopefully someplace nasty and accessible to someone's tongue.
While he is thoroughly focused on the feeling of his come starting to spew, Henry is watching her fingers and palm massage and rub her vagina, clitoris, and labia; she is feeling a remote-controlled wireless 'egg' vibrator moving around inside her coconut oil smeared vagina. Every once in a while she turns the remote to high speed and leaves it there for a full 20 seconds. When she does, she gets so turned on that she makes moaning sounds like a cat warning you to 'leave me alone'.
Suddenly he was harder in an instant, thicker in a few seconds, and weeping pre-come copiously all over his crotch, too.
At about the same time they both said, "Here it comes."
They both writhed around on their chairs. His cock spit come all over her, him, her camera, his phone, and her face. She was writhing around and pushing her fist against her and her fingers forcefully into her vagina and her ooze was flowing all over her hand, ass, and thighs. The towels were soaked all through in a little area where her juices puddled up. They both had twisted their nipples unmercifully just before they came.
She saw that he had encircled his cock in a grip that was firm and that allowed his hand to glide up and down his hardened shaft. When she saw that the skin was not sliding in his hand but sliding over the internal surfaces of his cock's musculature, she thought she saw an important fact about stroking a cock. It now looked and seemed too obvious to her that the cock was covered with a lot of skin that would move over the outside of the penis easily so that it could have room to grow as it gets hard.
The friction, she noticed, on the shaft was internal and caused by the skin of his cock sliding up and down over the muscles that had become engorged (firm) and which caused his cock to stick straight out without any sag or softness. His hand didn't move on his skin. He moved his cock's loose skin and his foreskin up and down his cock under his hand between his palm and the muscles in his cock as he was stroking and rubbing his cock. As his hand slid up toward the tip he could feel the skin of his scrotum being pulled forward and upward, and then as he stroked back down he would feel it slide back down and slap his perineum with the magical sound of one-hand-clapping.
When he slammed his hand down along his shaft, his testicles would be whipped down and slammed into his body and then smashed into by his fist. When he sped up, the sweat on his brow dripped on his hairy chest. He could feel the ruffle at the crown under his grip. The sensation of his calluses moving over his erect cock muscles was as though the evolution of all human cocks had planned for him to jack-off as a way to feel good.
When he had a rhythm he looked over at Hazel. Her fist and her fingers seemed to be forced against her labia. Fingers from one hand were strumming her clitoris like a guitar pick working on all of the strings. He wondered if she could tell how close he was to coming again. She was rolling her fingers across her 'little man in the boat' like Earl Scruggs was strumming his five-string banjo.
Finally, he couldn't stand it, so he got out of his chair, got on his knees in front of her chair and pushed her hands aside. As he began to eat, kiss, tongue and strum her vagina, labia, and clitoris, she seemed to hyperventilate so he helped her to lay down on the floor where she asked him to fuck her mouth while he was eating and fingering her to another orgasm.
When he blew his come up her cunt, he flopped beside her on the floor on his stomach. After they had both caught their breath she asked him to get on his knees. When he did, she slid her thumb as far up his ass as it would go. He felt his dick pulse, but there was no longer any jizz to squirt. As he realized his come supply was gone he laughed and collapsed and rolled over flat out on his back.
The viagra had worked for the full four and a half hours that they played, (No, they didn't call the Doctor.) In fact, even then after laying on the floor for almost another half hour, he noticed that his cock was again hard and standing straight up pointing to the ceramic US flag hanging on the wall almost like his cock was saluting in loyalty or gratitude.
His balls were hanging very loosely down below his cock which was standing just short of 7 inches long. While his cock was waving around, she had learned that his balls were fast recharging with come for the next firing.
She had gotten herself to come very quietly by simply sliding her fingertips around and around her ass. She had always reacted like she didn't want him playing there, but he caught on right away today that she now thought ass play was 'on the field' with them. She swept her three fingers around her butt, then down the length of her vaginal crease. The slight friction compelled her to wet her fingers in her vagina and then apply the slime to her labia, and when she did, she sort of floated into a smile of submission to herself.
He watched her blissful smile rise and fade a few times before she opened her eyes, looked at him and smiled, as she licked her lips slow enough to be erotic for him to watch. She then swiped her fingers deliberately and repeatedly through her gash and inserted them in her mouth only to withdraw them to do it again and again.
The result of her licking and fingering was for them both to be looking at her fingers as they would pull slimy, clear, sticky fluids from her pussy and then place them nearly dripping into her mouth. About the time he was going to touch her, she grimaced and chuffed and came all over the towel and chair seat. Her nipples were taut and pointed. Her breasts were brightly flushed with her lust and her excitement of arousal and then her coming. She wrenched her nipples through her fingers as though stripping mud or clay from them which caused her to come continuously for a minute before she moaned and braced her hips into the air and screeched, "Coming, Oh fuck, I'm coming, I'm coming."
She was able to masturbate openly, proudly and fully and successfully. It was amazing because before she bought the DVD's, she wouldn't masturbate if anyone else was home. The real advantage to having the video was that she for the first time was able to watch him masturbate.
Hazel wanted this latest erection to suck on. She hoped to have him squirt his load onto her face.
Henry is happy to have Hazel as a slutty old woman who masturbates in sight, and as a couple.