This is part four of our trip to Hedonism resort in Jamaica.
As I've written in prior stories. I'm a nude model and my girlfriend is a nude dancer.
I made the switch from a regular job to being a nude model so that I could be naked as close to 100% of the time as I could. She and I dated a few years ago but reconnected one night when I went to an Atlanta Strip Club and saw her dancing nude.
She had a roommate that hated her nudity, but Lynn straightened her out by eating her pussy one night. After that both of them would be naked all the time. Finally the roommate moved out, and Lynn took her nudity to the next level and became a nude dancer. That meant she'd be naked all day, and all day at work and slept naked each night.
It sure saves on laundry, haha.
Once she saw me at the club, we instantly reconnected and thought a week long naked sex vacation would be the perfect way to treat our naughty selves and push our sexual boundaries to their limit.
That's not really a surprise given when we were together the first time we dated, we were wild in bed. She knew I was a nudist from the first time we had sex, so I was naked pretty much every time she'd come over.
Soon after that she started living the nudist lifestyle along with me. We'd have "Naked Date Night" and invite over some of my girlfriends for nasty nights. She'd suck my cock till I was fully erect, and we'd open the door. We wouldn't tell the girl we would be naked, so when our guest saw us, it would be quite a shock. After that intro, the night would be a full on orgy of cock and cunts. I made sure I had a full prescription of sildenafil and would be hard as steel for hours while I took full advantage of the evening.
Now years later, we're both nudists and have zero inhibitions about being seen in the nude or being seen having sex. So as a gift to both of us, we decided to go to Hedonism in Jamaica and spend the whole week in the nude fucking each other and anyone else we wanted all day and night.
After the sexcapades on the beach. I get my camera back from the dudes and we walk back to the pool. Neither Lynn nor I can hardly speak or walk and are both cum drunk from the public threeway we just had.
It's not from shame, it's more like a mental reset, letting it all sink in as we hit the pool tiles and find our lounge chairs.
"I don't know what to say, except wooooowwwwww!" I shake my head in awe.
"Fucking awesome is what I say, Fucking awesome." is Lynn's reaction.
"Or maybe "Awesome Fucking" works too." we both laugh.
"I'm still horny, can you go again?" she asks.
"You thinking Grotto? And a little "no pants dance?" I reply.
"Among other things..." she winks.
We both jump in the pool and walk over to the Grotto. It has a small ledge inside that some people sit on but for this I stand on it, putting my cock right at Lynn's face level.
"Just what I had in mind." she says, taking my half erect cock in her mouth. "I could do this all day."
"And I will let you." her mouth has always been a big part of our sex life. It's not like she has to suck my cock to survive, but it's like an artist that has to perform to be satisfied.
I feel the same way about being nude and showing my body. I could wear clothes, but the utter joy I feel in my very core by being an exhibitionist is far too strong to deny.
She's told me the same thing about being a nude dancer. Originally management wanted her to wear a bikini between dances, but she would have nothing of it. She demanded they let her stay naked the whole shift, claiming it would make more money. But she confessed to me that it was because she loves to show off her pussy as much as possible. "I can't live without it." was her confession.
I look to the left to see the bar and bar crowd has now noticed us. Board shorts guy is talking to the short haired blonde that sucked me off before, and in shock points at us. His mouth drops and his eyes widen in disbelief.
I can't hear what the blonde says, but I can read her lips. "So? It's a blowjob, get over it."
Lynn's in no rush, she's worshipping my cock from tip to balls, taking one in her mouth while she's stroking my prick. Then switching to the other. She does this thing of smacking my cock on her face and tongue. It's really nasty and both of us love it.
But I love it when she rubs my erect cock slowly over her face like it's got some magical power. Slowly from the left to the right, eyes closed she's rub my cock and balls over her face. It really turns me on, and my cock hardens even more.
"Every one is watching you, you dirty girl." I tell her.
Fully erect now, she wraps her mouth around my cock and buries it in her throat. She looks up at me with all of me in her mouth and winks.
"I hope so, I want them to see me with your cock in my mouth. I'm being a naked cock sucker for an audience. And I love love love it."
Now this is what I call a sex vacation. I think.
As she sucks me, I close my eyes to visualize the scene. We just had a threeway on the beach 15 minutes ago, we're both completely naked from head to toe. We didn't pack any clothing at all for our trip, because we wanted to stay naked all week. There's about 35 or so people around us and about 15 of them are watching Lynn sucking my cock. That thing of being an exhibitionist and loving every second of it. That's the feeling I have at this moment.
I stop Lynn's sucking me for a second so I can stroke my cock for the bar crowd.
I look right at them all as I jerk myself. It's a surreal moment of pure hedonistic lust.
If Lynn is a public cock sucker, then I can show off my kinky desires too.
Apparently my show was all it took to get Jenene's attention. From the corner of the pool I see that Vince and Jenene are coming into the Grotto. She's got Vince by the hand and she motions him to stand on the bench next to me.
As he does she starts sucking his cock, bringing him to full length, well, his full length of 5 inches. But to her credit, she's very enthusiastically blowing him, her hands doing a twist and stroke as she sucks.
Lynn looks to her left, my dick in her mouth. She takes one hand off of me and wordlessly waves hello to them both.
Jenene stops sucking and says "You guys can't be the only ones to have any fun." And goes back to work on Vince.
He's a little nervous, and it shows. Jenene is clearly the alpha in the relationship and she's now rubbing her clit as she blows him.
I look down at Lynn and say "Switch".
Jenene's reaction is priceless. "How did I know this would happen?" she declares.
The two girls switch sides and Jenene looks at me with my cock in her hand and says "Nice cock. This is going to be fun."
Lynn's taken Vince down her throat to his balls, her hands squeezing them as she holds him deep.
He can't take his eyes off of the spectacle, almost in disbelief of her skill.
The board short dude at the bar, is doubly amazed by the fourway bj show not 15 feet away.
I grab Jenene's head and force my cock down her throat, she gags a bit, but let's me fuck her mouth back and forth, back and forth.
Lynn stops sucking Vince's cock and she steps up onto the bench between Vince and myself.
Jenene wastes no time and stop sucking me and instead begins eating Lynn's pussy. Tongue out, she sticks two fingers into Lynn as she buries her face in her twat.
Vince and I each grab one of Lynn's breasts and start to suck her nipples.
She's in heaven. Naked in public, getting eaten out by a woman while she gets her nipples sucked and tweaked by two guys.
Her orgasm comes quickly as expected, as she declares, "I need to return the favor." as she eyes Jenene.
Lynn hops off the bench and is replaced by Jenene. Instantly Lynn's face is in her pussy.
It's apparent that Jenene's never had sex with another woman, and that Lynn's actions are far more intense than she's experienced.
She quakes and gasps as Lynn finds her gspot with her fingers. Lynn doesn't stop the intensity of her mouth as Jenene starts to cry out, "aaaaaaahhhhhhhh!" Vince and I now are giving her breasts the same treatment as we did on Lynn.
Jenene's hands are on both of our heads, she's mashing our faces into her chest.
Her orgasm is intense as I've seen, almost like an electric shock as she's shaking from the waves of pleasure that Lynn is giving her.
"Whew!" she gasps, recovering.
"Come here boys! I've got work to do." Lynn says pulling both my cock and Vince's to her mouth.
She's sucking of both of us with the same abandon she did on the beach. She'll deepthroat me while she jacks off Vince, then do the same on Vince while she's jerking me.
It was another moment of pure lust, another exhibitionist's dream come true, another item in the vacation bucket list.
I can't last any longer, and pull my cock out and say "Watch this." and again jerk off on Lynn's face. My load is much smaller, but the intensity of my orgasm is off the scale as Vince and Jenene watch us.
Not content to merely watch, Jenene says boldly, "Now watch me." and licks all my cum off Lynn's face only to then kiss her. The two then swap my cum from mouth to mouth, finally moving back to my cock each of them side by side sliding up and down to get the last possible drop of goo out of me.
"God damn, that was great. Two sluts on one cock. Love it." I share.
"Your cum is so sweet, I just had to share it." Jenene confesses.
"I'll make some more then for you." I say laughing.
Vince is speechless, and a little put out. So the party fizzles a bit, as Mr. Downer simply walks away.
"Oh well, we're here all week. We can party later." Lynn offers.
"Room 123. Call us, we'd love to see you guys again." I tell Jenene.
"I need my vibrator, and a nap." says Lynn.
And with that we walk back to the room, our minds filled with dirty thoughts of the days ahead.
"Too bad for Jenene" I say to Lynn.
Looking back to me she says, "what do you mean?"
"Small cocks disease. You know."
"Maybe. There are two things a cock his size is good for." Lynn replies.
"What"
"Anal and Double Penetration." is her answer.
"You ARE a cum slut aren't you?"
"Damn straight, that's me. A naked cum slut on a sex vacation. Guilty as charged." she's smiling at me, her face a glow.
I'm rubbing my cock as we walked. More fun ahead, I know for sure.