I knew that you wouldn't be able to control yourself. I knew that from the second you walked in that door you'd be lost. Your body responding as it always does to the music, and the noise, and the sexiness. Nipples hard, pussy dripping, hands roaming over your gloriously exposed midsection not wanting to confine their touch to such a small area.
You looked at the stages, at the girls, and picked the one you liked the best. She is a tall, lean, blonde, her small tits sitting quite high on her long torso. She was already naked and you knew that her set would be over and you'd miss her if we didn't hurry. Grabbing my hand you lead me to the nearest table and sat me down as you went over to the stage. You laid down your dollar and she quickly took notice. She let go of the poor young kid who had his face pressed in her boobs and started crawling your way. She motioned for you to come near and whispered something into your ear. As she let you go you turned and hopped up on the edge of the stage and lay on your back. She picked up your dollar and rested it right on your lips and nose, then quickly spun and threw one of her legs over your body, her knee coming to rest near your right ear. To the hoots and whistles of the sea of men your show had attracted she slowly dropped her wet pussy onto the dollar and ground her hot cunt onto your lips, with just the bill keeping your hot tongue out of her tight cunt.
She leaned down as she ground and started to pull up your short denim skirt. She wanted to show the audience your panties, but gasped when she got a sight of your dripping pussy. She quickly pulled down your skirt and bolted upright. Swinging her thin leg back over your face and taking the dollar bill, and her sweet smelling cunt, away with it.
You flipped yourself up off the stage and looking around at all of the men staring, walked back over to our table. As you sat, your hand quickly found its way to my cock as you leaned over and gave me a long, wet, kiss, hoping to share some of the remaining juices from your stripper friend. As you wantonly stroke my cock through my pants a group of college-aged kids at a nearby table watch, discussing openly how hot you are and how they would love to get their hands on you. As we hear one of the group say "I would fuck her right here, in front of everyone" you wheel around in your chair and shoot them a demure smile, pulling down my zipper in the process. I know that you can hardly stand it, I know that you are about to pounce on these unsuspecting boys, I know that I'm going to see you covered in their cum, and I hope we don't get arrested.....
You reach in my pants and haul my big, hardening cock out and start to stroke it up and down. All the while you don't take your eyes off of our, suddenly very quiet, audience of three. The boys watch as your hand strokes up and down, mouths open, almost transfixed by your actions. The spell is broken suddenly as your dancer starts to interrupt until she too stops and stares at my cock. She lets out a little moan as she sits down with us. Lost in the moment, she leans into you and kisses your lips. Your mouths open and her tongue darts in deftly caressing yours as they entangle in your kiss. The boys start to get vocal again, hooting at your girl on girl show. As I look over I notice that one even has his cock out, slowly stroking it to the sight before him. She slides out of her chair and into your lap, her hands cupping your head and face as her kisses become rougher, more urgent. Her hand traces down your arm and her fingers wrap around my cock, right above yours, as you continue to stroke up and down my now very long and hard member.
You pull her shirt up and off, breaking your kiss and dive for a nipple, sucking it into your mouth. She moans and looks over the top of your head noticing the boys and their cocks, she purses her still wet lips at them in a silent, long distance, kiss. For one boy, who had just released his cock, this was just too much and he moaned as he shot out his cum. Without so much as a touch he ejaculated several long streams of sperm, some of them reaching the back of your chair, dripping down as his buddies booed and ridiculed him.
You hardly took notice as you sucked on the blonde strippers hard nipple, working her bikini bottoms off in the process so that you could taste the hot cunt she teased you with earlier. You reach up and grab her long blonde hair and popping her nipple out of your mouth you stand and force her down onto our table. Her ass hangs off of one side and her face ends up, almost perfectly for me, right next to my hard cock. My hand replaces yours in her hair as we share a quick kiss before you drop to your knees behind her and begin to lick her in long, slow, wide-tongued strokes from her clit to her asshole. She begins to moan again she licks the glistening precum off of my cock head, wanting more I shove her mouth down onto my prick and feel it sink into her warm throat.
The boys are becoming braver, driven by their horniness they stand and begin to feel up Ms. Stripper as she sucks me. They are talking to me, but I don't hear them. All I can think is "shut the fuck up, this feels too good for you to fucking ruin it!" One of them comes around the chair and kneels down behind you, his tongue and mouth caressing your ear as he runs his hands over your still clothed body. Your face is buried in her ass, I can see your eyes look at me as you rim her tight asshole. They flash with desire and my cock twitches uncontrollably. Stripper girl starts to lose control, gyrating all over the table I grab her arms and forcefully hold her down, not able to keep my cock in her mouth anymore she screams as you make her cum. Her juices flood out of her cunt and drench your clothes, but you keep up your assault on her ass. She begs for you to stop, the sensation is just too much, but you want to own her, to make her cum again, to push her past the pleasure she has experienced before and onto a new level. She squeals through two more orgasms in quick succession then turns completely limp, her body not able to take any more.
You stand as she slides to the floor, rolling to her back and seemingly falling unconscious. You strip your shirt up your body and over your head, your perfect braless tits spilling out into the hands of the waiting boys. You lean over our table, wanting to finish what the slut on the floor couldn't. You hurriedly take my cock in your mouth and suck me in long hard strokes, taking as much of me as you can handle. The boys flip your skirt up and feel all over your now exposed ass, rubbing your cheeks, feeling your wet cunt, one of them even gives you a hard, but playful, spank and I see you jump and let out a moan around my cock. The boys are talking again, this time to each other. I don't give a fuck about them, I only care about your glorious mouth and my twitching dick.
You know I'm close and pull my cock out of your mouth, looking up at me you beg me to shoot into your mouth. You stick one of your fingers in your mouth and suck it like a little cock before you get back to work. As your lips slide back down I feel your wet finger slowly stroking my asshole, as you start to push it in I lose control, sending several blasts of hot cum into your gleeful mouth. The boys jump back as I scream, momentarily shocked with the emotion of what's transpiring before them. I watch your throat contract as you swallow my thick load in three separate gulps. You suck my cock until it softens, making sure to drink every drop of my precious cum.
As my cock slides from your lips you jump, reacting to the tongue that has just been shoved into your cunt. You keep your head in my arms as you look over your shoulder and say, "I don't want your fucking tongue! Give me that hard cock you little fuck!" The boy sheepishly stands and for the first time you see his dick. It's pointing straight up and it looks like its ten inches long. He steps close to you and starts to slap it between your ass cheeks, you protest reaching back and wrapping your little hand around it, you gasp at its girth and wonder if it will even fit in your little pussy. You look up at me, for the first time you look unsure of what to do. You're holding the biggest cock you've ever seen right at the entrance to your cunt and you want me to allow you to fuck him. I softly hold your face in my hands and smile as you release him with your hand and he shoves his humongous shaft into you.
Your face contorts in pure pleasure and pain as he thrusts his shaft inside of you. You scream and almost immediately cum, your body shaking violently as you lose yourself in the throes of your orgasm. The music still plays, but no one is watching the stages. Even the stripper nearest us is completely engaged in the action, leaning against her pole, fingers briskly moving in and out of her cunt as she plays with her clit with the other hand. You buck and shake, scream and moan, and it's all that the big boy can take, he lets out a meek yelp as his balls contract pumping his semen into your still pulsing pussy. As you feel his cock surge your orgasm renews and you scream again completely submerged in your own pleasure.
As everything calms down one of the other boys pushes his way behind you and grabs your ass, pointing his cock at your opening that is now completely soaked with his buddie's semen. You let out a loud grunt and turn around and slap the boy's face, shocked, he freezes as you grab him by his shoulders you force him backwards tackling him onto the floor. He comes to rest with a loud thud and you quickly straddle his body, forcing his cock inside you. As he enters your stretched pussy you want more, he used to be big enough, but after his friend he feels insufficient. You spin your head around, searching for another anonymous cock, wanting to be filled, wanting to feel the pressure you just felt. Spotting the last boy, hard again after his premature ejaculation you shout for him to get behind you and stick his cock in your ass.
Not wanting to disappoint you, and the massive crowd you have gathered, the frat boy kneels behind you and spits on his hard cock, quickly rubbing in his self-made lube. Little did he know that the mixture of his large friends cum and your pussy juices have your asshole completely soaked and ready. With the other boy buried deep inside your cunt the second slowly pushes his cock into your tight ass. The crowd gasps as his cock head suddenly pops in, followed quickly and steadily by the rest of the shaft, until he was sunk all the way in. As your ass reached the base of his cock you lost any measure of control that had been regained after your last orgasm. Your body, uncontrollably bucking, has to be held down by the boys as you scream in pleasure. Your hair swings wildly as you thrash back and forth until suddenly you lean into the boy beneath you and bite down on his shoulder, hard. He lets out a yelp, but you don't hear it, hell you don't even know you bit him. You are literally have no power over your actions and are only driven by the orgasms that rack your body.
I know that this can't last long, it's too much for the boys, the patrons, and it's even too much for the hyper-sexual you. I want it to be done, finished before the cops lead you away, handcuffed and dripping, to god knows where. The boys have found a rhythm, sawing their hard cocks in and out of your thrashing body. The guy in your ass starts to lose it first, his pace quickens, his thrusts more urgent, as his second orgasm of the night approaches. You feel his cock twitch inside you instinctively you pull away from the two men, their wet cocks suddenly freed and bobbing, and spin so that both cocks are now in your face. The cocks that were, a short moment ago, in your cunt and asshole are now in your hot little hands. You quickly jerk their cocks as the crowd begins to cheer you on, wanting to see you deliver yourself a double facial.
Your mouth is spitting out dirty, vile words, instructions, like you are talking directly to the cocks themselves, but your voice is lost in the cheers of the crowd. The boys tense, their balls pull up, the crowd buzzes with anticipation and then it happens. Two perfect arcing jets of semen, one from below and one from above squirt out of the cocks simultaneously. The one from above lands in your hair, stuck in the now tangled reddish blonde curls, as the other stream hits you on the side of your face from your eye down to your cheek and dripping onto the man below. Another pulse, two more jets, another, and another, and another, the cocks pump out sperm until, regaining your senses, you laugh at the absurdity of the amount. Both dicks fall limp in your hands and you release them, spent and conquered they slip away.
You roll out of the pile of flesh and onto your back on the floor. It's the first time I can truly see what has been done to you. Your face, hair, and neck are covered in their cum. You are smiling and contentedly staring at the ceiling, eyes not really fixed on anything, just basking in the feelings inside you. Quickly the crowd disperses as a man pushes his way through. "Police Break it up!" he screams. The boys quickly grab their clothes and flee. You however are in no shape to go anywhere. The man roughly grabs your wrist and twists your arm, forcing you to roll over onto your stomach, before I can say or do anything he has you handcuffed and is leading you, naked, towards the front door...