I awoke the next morning, rested and horny, wanting to orgasm. I guess the discussion from the previous night had caught up with me.
I considered masturbating quietly while my husband slept, but that didn't feel right. What I wanted was for my husband to fuck me. I rolled over and slid my hand down Kurt's belly. I was pleased to find that he had an excellent case of morning wood.
I stroked Kurt's erection as he stirred to consciousness. "Good morning sunshine," said Kurt as he pulled me toward him and gently kissed my lips. "I love you, darling."
I rolled onto my back and said, "I'm horny, honey. I woke you up because I want you to feel you inside of me. Your morning wood looks too good to pass up."
With nary a word, Kurt climbed between my legs, positioning himself to mount me. My arousal, coupled with the semen Kurt had deposited inside me the previous evening, made his entry smooth and easy.
"Ohhh, that's better. Happy birthday," I said as Kurt started sliding in and out of me more vigorously now.
"Thank you, darling. This is a wonderful way to start my birthday."
"Honey, you feel so good. I like it when you get this hard," I sighed, and I used my heels on his ass to spur him deeper.
"Darling, are we going to go dancing at Encounters tonight? Will you dance with other men for me?"
I thought to myself, 'This fantasy of his could be fun for both of us. I'll role play. He will fuck me with total abandon. I really do want to orgasm this morning. It's his birthday, and he will appreciated my enthusiasm.'
"Do you want me to let a stranger pull me close and nibble on my neck then kiss my lips? " I inquired.
"Yes, darling, I do want to watch you enjoying yourself with other men." Replied Kurt.
"Do you want me to encourage a stranger to grind against me while we slow dance together?"
"Oh, darling. As long as it gets you excited, it will excite me too."
"You know that he will find out I'm not wearing panties when he rubs my ass. What if he raises my skirt for others to see?"
"I will see it too, as well as the others. They will desire you even that much more. I will be so proud."
I moaned, clenching my vagina to hug his cock. "Honey, you know, they'd rub their hard cocks against me while you watch? They'd be making me so wet for you. I know how much you love a hot wet pussy."
I could feel Kurt's cock swell as he imagined the scene I was describing, so I carried on, "What if they tried to finger me right there while you watched? Do you want to see another man caress your wife's pussy while we dance?"
"Darling, I would be so turned on watching you become that excited. So aroused that you would allow another man access to your pussy on the dance floor. I would love to see that."
The very thought of some stranger putting his hand on my vagina was pushing Kurt closer to the edge. I was getting pretty wound up just talking about it too. He took my legs and placed them on top of his shoulders, lifting my ass off the bed, he started pounding my pussy. In this position, the head of his cock was striking the front wall of my vagina, stimulating my g-spot. If he could hold back a bit, I will be able to cum hard.
"Oh god, Kurt, you're driving me crazy. Fuck me just like that, just like that honey, don't stop, fuck me harder."
"Abby, tell me that you'll dance with other men tonight."
"Yes, I want to dance with the other men for you tonight."
"Darling, tell me that you will let them caress your full breasts tonight."
"Oh, yes, I want the men to caress my breasts and squeeze my nipples."
"Tell me what you want to do tonight."
"I, oh, yes, I, I want to feel their hard cocks against my stomach as we dance, knowing how much I turned them on. I want them to feel my pussy, how swollen and wet it is because of them. When they finger me, I'll lock our eyes, so you will know I'm truly living our fantasy."
I moaned again, loudly, bucking my hips as my husband fucked me, slamming his cock into my swollen pussy. I was so close. I wanted to cum. He was driving hard into me, forcing me closer and closer to orgasm.
"Tell me again, that you'll let them feel your full breasts, run their hands over your wonderful ass, and massage your oh so sweet pussy. Tell me you'll let them finger you. Tell me, baby." Kurt's words were creating an image in my mind that was pushing me closer and closer.
"Oh god, Kurt, I'm going to cum. Don't stop. Yes, I'll do it, anything you want, fuck me hard! Oh god, you feel so good. I'll do anything you want."
Merely saying those words pushed me to the point of exploding. I began climaxing. I felt the first spasm wash across me. I reached up and grabbed my nipples, squeezing them tightly between my thumbs and forefingers as my orgasm overtook me. I was rocking in rhythm, arching my back and my buttocks off the bed, then pushing forward to meet my husband's thrusts.
"Oh, God, I'm there! Oh, don't stop, deeper, oh please, harder, fuck me hard, oh shit!" I screamed as I bucked my hips as wave upon wave of pleasure overtook me. This orgasm rocked my core as intense spasms rolled through my abdomen.
After another wave washed over me, I needed to stop. My world was spinning. I grunted incoherently as my entire body quivered. It felt like all of the blood was rushing out of my head and flowing to my pussy.
"Tell me that you'll dance with other men tonight. Tell me you'll let them touch you. Promise me," Kurt said.
"Oh, god, I promise! I'll do whatever you want," my moans were almost incoherent. I grabbed my husband's waist and held it still. "Kurt, I need to stop, please."
Kurt plunged deep into me once more and stiffened. I could feel his erection pulsing inside of me, telling me that he was ejaculating his seed into my womb. We lay there, coupled together, in post-coital bliss. My mind raced, 'What had I just agreed to do?'.
After a few minutes of cuddling, I felt his cock begin to deflate, and finally slip from my vagina.
"That was different, in a very good way."
"I know you enjoyed imagining the scenario on the dance floor, didn't you, darling?"
I gave Kurt a playful smack on his ass.
"Don't be a brat. I played along for your benefit. It's called role play. Now, I need a shower, and then you need to buy me breakfast."
I tried to dismiss the promise I agreed to while in the throes of ecstasy.
We went to the hotel restaurant and had breakfast and morning coffee.
"You were great this morning. I am surprised at how hard and often I orgasmed."
"I was surprised as well. It has been months since I have seen you that turned on,"
My face flushed red. "Yes, I have seldom climaxed like that. Once I started, I couldn't seem to stop." I took another sip of my coffee. I looked into his eyes and said, "I might have said some things in the heat of the moment when I was not clear-headed. I wish I could take some of them back."
"Darling, the way you responded this morning, you're not going to deny that the thought of doing this excites you, are you?"
"Kurt, you know me. You're the only man I have been with since our marriage. I take a great deal of pride in that fact. I know you do, too. This morning was a lot of fun as a fantasy, but I think we should keep it that way. A highly erotic and enjoyable fantasy that we can visit from time to time." I tried to backtrack on some of the things I agreed to earlier.
"Abby, I saw how you responded to this fantasy, as you call it. I have been hard all morning just thinking about any part of that becoming a reality."
"Kurt, I think this is a dangerous game we'd be playing. I am not sure you would like it or could handle it if you saw me dancing with someone, exposed as you suggested. And this man's hands would be all over me, right in front of you. I think you might get more jealous than you think. And you might feel very different about me afterward."
"Abby, I promise you, no, I give you my word, I will not get mad at you, no matter what happens. I know you will be doing this for me. And I thank you, darling."
"I still think this is very risky," I replied in a protest, but I did not refuse to do it. The scenario that Kurt wove flooded my thoughts. It was too appealing. I knew that we were playing with fire. One or both of us could get badly burned.
I could feel a knot of anxiety in the pit of my stomach. I had to admit, part of me wanted this. Part of me wanted my husband to continue to persuade, and even coerce me into doing this. I would have fun at the club, but I didn't want the guilt of my desires bringing us trouble. It all depended upon the wording of my answer. Before agreeing to any of this, I needed to be able to say truthfully, 'Kurt, I only did this because you wanted me to. I only did this for you."
Kurt looked at me with a combination of desire and affection that I seldom had seen. It was a look reminiscent of our college years.
Kurt smiled and said, "Promise me, you will think about this today. You will give serious consideration to doing it. "
Kurt continued, "If by tonight if you have decided that you don't want to do it, I will drop the idea for now."
Kurt continued, "But if the thought of doing this continues to arouse you during the day and, on some deep core level, is something that you would enjoy, I want you to promise me that you will be honest and tell me."
Kurt continued, "Think about it, please? Will you promise me that?"
I nodded my head while looking down at the floor. Kurt gently raised my head, kissed me, and said, "Look into my eyes. Think about it, please? Will you promise me that?"
I thought, 'At that moment, I didn't want him to know that I wanted it also.'
"Let me hear you say it. Promise me." Kurt said.
I said, "I promise I will think about this and consider it."
Kurt was attentive and affectionate all afternoon. We held hands as we shopped at the Galleria. He stopped and kissed me several times during the afternoon as we watched the ice skaters at the mall, and he affectionately massaged my thigh while we had ice cream at a quaint little shop. I felt loved, desirable, and safe.
By late afternoon, I was confused and frustrated. Kurt knew how to play my psyche perfectly. He had planted the seed and then waited for it to take root. Had he pushed harder, tried to convince me all afternoon to do this for him, I would have been scared off. So, he waited patiently, as any good fisherman does, for the fish to take the bait.
Throughout the day, the scenario played within my mind's eye. I couldn't or wouldn't swim away from that all too alluring bait. In the end, I took the hook. It was then I knew we had to have a conversation that could alter our lives and change our relationship forever.
After the drive back to the hotel and sitting in our room, I broached the subject.
"Kurt, you made me promise to tell you if the thought of going to that club aroused me. I have to admit it. I've been thinking about being on the dance floor with another man, while you watched, all day long."
"Abby, you are the sexy hotwife, I remember. Thank you, darling." Kurt pulled me close, kissed my neck at just the right spot, and then kissed my lips lovingly.
"I am not promising that I will do anything, okay? If you want us to check out the club. We'll go. We can have a few drinks. I'll see how I feel when we get there. We may get there and just sit and talk, okay?"
"Abby, thank you. And I promise you don't have to do anything you don't want to do. We can leave whenever you decide to come back to the hotel. I love you so much," he said as he reached over and hugged me then gave me a gentle kiss. 'I felt truly loved at that moment. I knew I was his and only his.'
"Okay, we'll take a stroll on the wild side tonight. I only hope we don't look back with regret."
I ran a warm bath. Kurt sat on the side of the tub, watching me intently as I washed all my parts. Then I shaved my armpits, legs, and vulva under his watchful gaze.
"Honey, we are going to need to eat something before we go clubbing. Would you order up room service for us?" I suggested.
"Sure, what do you want?"
"I don't know, something light, but I need to eat something. How about a club sandwich and a diet cola?"
Kurt called room service and ordered. He quickly returned as I was drying myself. "That's some bulge you have in those britches, mister. Is that banana in your pants to eat, or are you just happy to see me naked?" I quipped.
"Oh, I'm always thrilled to see you naked. It is of my favorite outfits."
Smiling, I put on the hotel robe as I fixed my hair and applied my makeup.
"Kurt, please get my outfit for me," I asked. I stood up and allowed the robe to fall to the floor. Kurt nodded and quickly retrieved the sheer beige silk blouse and wrap-around brown skirt.
"Are you sure you don't want me to wear any undergarments?" I confirmed.
"Baby, you will look hot." The front of his trousers bulged more appreciatively.
I donned the blouse and skirt before sitting on the bed.
I said, "I want you to put my shoes on for me," I insisted as I raised my foot. Kurt knelt in front of me, looking up my skirt, seeing my freshly shaven vulva. He fumbled as he attempted to buckle the shoe around my ankle while being distracted by the view.
I was momentarily startled by a sharp knock on the door.
"Damn, I forgot about the room service," I whispered.
Before I could throw something over my shoulders to cover my nearly naked breasts, Kurt opened the door.
He had allowed a college boy, probably twenty-one or twenty-two years old, into the room to set the room service tray on the table in the corner. I sat there frozen, as this young man's eyes devoured my exposed breasts, which were visible under my silk blouse. I glanced in the mirror to remind myself how little my outfit left to the imagination.
My nipples were erect and on display. The darkness of my areolas was evident. I glanced up to see that my youthful admirer could not keep his eyes from looking back again and again, as he struggled to set the plates and utensils down without spilling anything.
Kurt was grinning from ear to ear, obviously enjoying my exposure. Kurt signed the check and gave him an obscenely large tip, before closing the door as the young man left.
"Well, I think that the young man truly appreciated your blouse."
"Kurt, that was so embarrassing. He was just a college kid."
"He was certainly old enough to appreciate the view you gave him. Be honest now, how did you feel sitting there while he admired you?"
"Embarrassed, but a big part of me felt stimulated by the effects I had on the young man. He'll be telling all his buddies about this, too," I confessed to myself and my husband.
"Well, I bet we don't have to wait long to get room service deliveries while we are here. They'll be clamoring to visit our room," Kurt said.
"God, I hope I don't see that young man again before we leave." I could feel my face blushing, and my heart pounding. The whole experience was exhilarating.
We finished our sandwiches and Kurt invited me to accompany him to the hotel bar for a drink before we departed for the club. He had previously spoken to someone at Encounters, who informed him that no one shows up before nine on weekends. We had an hour or so to kill. I insisted on wearing a stylish tan jacket in the hotel bar to cover my near nakedness.
I had a couple of glasses of merlot, while Kurt drank bourbon and coke. As Kurt stood up, I admired his broad shoulders on that tall frame. He was hunk and mine for life.
"Abby, since it's my birthday, I want to be able to drink tonight. Let's take a taxi to the club."
"That's wise, oh handsome one."
The glasses of merlot lowered my anxiety and inhibitions a bit more than slightly. I was feeling a little playful as Kurt held the door for me while I climbed into the cab. I looked around and, not seeing anyone paying attention to us, I quickly flashed my naked, neatly shaved vulva to my husband as he entered the cab. His face registered shock first, then amusement.
"I should give you a couple of glasses of wine every night, huh?"
I nuzzled against Kurt in the back seat of the taxi. Running my hand up to his inner thigh, I found the head of his penis.
I caressed his cock ever so gently and whispered in his ear, "I wonder how you will feel when you see your shy little wife on the dance floor, with some young stud whose hands are all over me? Will you wonder how wet he is making me? Will you wonder how big his cock is, as he grinds himself into me?"
I could feel his cock arch and pulse with each question, and with each pulse of my husband's cock, I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. By the time we got out of the cab, Kurt had a noticeable bulge in his pants. I hoped to keep him rigid all night if I could. We arrived at Encounters just after 9 p.m. Kurt opened the door to the club, and I walked through, removing my jacket and taking Kurt's arm.
continued