Part 1
"You really don't think I could use a bit of slimming up? I don't know, I think I could use a little work. This ass is far from perfect!" Jessie exclaims, her hips cocked to a side as she looks over her shoulder to me. She even groped one of her own cheeks as she inspected herself. I just don't know some days. At times, I think it would be impossible for Jessie to do anything intentionally cruel. Yet days like this, I wonder if she understands how much she tortures me.
I bit my lip and looked away. I fought back saying something too obvious like "it's the most perfect butt I've ever seen." It's how I felt, and I wish I could stare more. Yet I had to at least pretend to be nonchalant. My tongue was tied entirely, not sure what to do. Why was she standing around in JUST her pink bra anyways? Why did she come to the gym without wearing panties?
Though she was very fit, Jessie tried to convince me she needed to make coming to a gym a regular thing. She enlisted my help in this task. She hoped someone as punctual as me could keep make it a habit. I will admit, she can have problems keeping to a schedule.
I tried telling her it wasn't all that necessary. That's how I've ended up with her flashing her gorgeous charms at me I guess. I wish I could comfortably point out how she was discrediting her own argument with all the sexy posing, that she was perfect, but there was no way I could. I really didn't want our relationship to become weird because she found out how much I was into her.
Ever try not looking at your crush's butt when she was showing it off though? It's not easy! I tried to change the subject a bit, "I really don't think you need it as much as you say, but I do think you could do with some underwear! You wouldn't even wear panties here?"
"Gotta keep cool when exercising Megan! When I do some at home, I usually stretch, do my yoga, and all that naked!" That was too much info for me! My face was getting redder by the second as images crossed my mind of her doing that! "Wouldn't wear anything here if I could!" she added.
"Jessie, please, control yourself at least a little?" I begged. There really was a risk she wouldn't put her clothes on if she thought she could get away with it! I closed my locker. I again looked at Jessie, seeing her in just that bra of hers. It was probably too small for her. Maybe she wouldn't want to get undressed so often if she wore clothes that were comfortable!! Or maybe she just filled it out too well. Maybe I had to control myself instead!
Jessie did finally put her shorts on. She was staring at her shirt. "Jessie, come on. Hurry it along already!" I urged her. With a gruff, she put it on. She started to pout, and part of me wished I could let her keep it off, but I didn't want to see her get in trouble!
We left the little locker room, and we made our way to the yoga room. I was hoping I'd be able to keep up with Jessie today. She really was better than me at the physical type stuff; last thing I needed was to make myself look foolish in front of her. I know it's silly to hope that she'll somehow notice me, but perhaps if I used these little exercise days to get a bit more fit ... well maybe in my dreams at least she'd be into me!
A blonde woman was working away at some stretches when we got to the yoga room. She seemed focused, so I didn't want to bother her. Jessie was already limbering up as I set some of our stuff down. I joined Jessie in her warm ups.
After a bit, I noticed something had caught Jessie's attention. She was staring at the blonde a lot. I was actually sort of worried, as the blonde was pretty. I really didn't want to be jealous. "Megan... she's not wearing a shirt," Jessie remarked, revealing the real reason for her staring!
I looked too. It really hadn't clicked before, but the girl didn't have a proper shirt on. Yet the sports bra was plenty decent. I knew what Jessie was angling at.
"Look, I know, but it's a bit different, ok?" I tried to argue. Again, Jessie was pouting! "Seriously, it's different."
"How so?" She asked. She tapped her foot. I can't believe I was having this argument! I got plenty good of a look at her bra... the pink fabric was too revealing. How do I explain that to her though? I can't just out myself and tell her that her cleavage was too noticeable in it; that would be admitting I'd been looking!
Trying not to blurt out something like, "You're too sexy," I calmly tried to make my case. "You'll just look suspicious if you take it off now."
"But I'm so hot Megan! I need a bit of relief!" I quickly looked away, trying to hide my red face. She was so bad with her words! Either I couldn't think what to say, or she was saying the wrong thing!
"Be sure to not work too hard ladies!" we both heard. The blonde had gotten up, and was set to leave.
"You too! Best of luck," Jessie responded. Jessie gave me some sort of sly smile once the woman was gone. My excuse of looking suspicious was gone! Jessie didn't even wait for the door to close to whip her shirt off and toss it to the side!
I put my palm to my face, sighing heavily. I wanted to get her to put it back on, but it was no use. It didn't help that she looked great dressing in those tiny shorts and bra! I just had to hope she didn't look too out of place; the last thing I wanted was for her to get in trouble or someone to think less of her!
"Now, come help me out," she requested. She sat down. "Hold onto my feet, would you?" I obliged, ok with taking a break from stretching anyways. I kneeled in front of her, grabbing her feet and holding them to the ground. I watched as she did a sit up; bring herself up to her raised knees.
Up and down Jessie went. My eyes followed her each time, her beauty and swaying was practically hypnotizing me. I leaned in a smidge, hoping her to not notice. I started to have odd thoughts, picturing her kissing me on her up rise. I watched the way her bra clad breasts pressed to her legs too.
I wondered how it would look if she was naked, like she claimed she did. How would her bare breasts look, pressed and squishing against her legs? Even now I could see a lot of the bare thigh up the legs of her shorts. How sweet a sight it could be to see between her knees and thighs at her little treasure...
"You know, I'm still a bit hot and bothered," Jessie lamented. I nearly fainted. I had to assume she didn't mean it the way I heard it. How does a girl who wants to take her clothes off so often be this innocent?
I had to put a stop to her doing anything illegal of course, "You can't go stripping naked at the gym you know." I wished she could though.
She kept doing her sit-ups as she continued her thought, "yeah, but I guess I just worry a bit. It's easier to move around without normally. I think it would be a bit of a turn off too for a girl to be dressed in gross and sweaty clothes. Doing it naked would avoid that!"
I wanted to tell her she could never smell bad, but that's probably a quick way to make your best friend think you're a total creep! I was a bit worried though... did she really think sweaty gym clothes was a turn off? I hadn't worked out too hard yet, but what if I did get to that point?
"Your turn. You sure you don't want to take a bit off first though? I really do think you'll have an easier time with a bit less on!"
I couldn't undress too... but what if I did end up gross because of my modesty? The other girl did get away with a bra showing, and mine was more decent than Jessie's. I gripped the hem of my shirt. Could I do it?
I gulped... then started to lift my shirt. I had my eyes closed, but as I got the shirt towards my bra, I peeked. I saw Jessie staring right at my chest! I was glad to hide my face with my shirt, cause my cheeks were turning bright red! I get so self conscious when she looks at me!
"Much better!" Jessie said. She was staring right at my navy blue sports bra as I held my top to my side. I went and picked up her shirt, bothered by it sitting around messily. That's when she commented "Keeping the shorts on too? Come on, you don't need to double layer when working out!"
"I can't take them off Jessie! People don't work out in only underwear," I babbled back! What was she even suggesting?
She seemed genuine confused. "They look enough like shorts. What's the big deal?" Was Jessie looking at me when I changed before?! I was too caught off guard, realizing she took note of what underwear I chose. She was able to somehow get up right next to me, and her hands on the waistband of my shorts!
"What are... are you... doing?" I asked in a stutter. Jessie pushes my shorts down a bit, revealing part of my navy blue boyshorts. I took a few steps backwards, unable to say more. My breathing turned sharp. I've had some dreams like this...
The shorts got lowered. I don't know if I could keep resisting her. "They look good on you Megan! Don't be shy!" She maybe didn't know it, but she was too good at making me practically melt. She got the shorts to my thighs, and after another step back, she helped them the rest of the way. I don't' think I was thinking straight. We felt alone enough, but maybe I was trusting Jessie too much.
I took the discarded clothing, and set it on a nearby pile of towels. I crossed my arms in front of my body, feeling basfhul. Not only was Jessie staring at me in my underwear, but I was starting to worry my need for the gym was showing. That's when she said the sweetest thing, "See, you're the one who doesn't need to tone much! You're just cute as you are I think. Surprised you bothered to come with me."
"Jessie! I... I mean... no... I'm not... you are..." I couldn't get my words out again.
Jessie giggled and walked us back to our mat. "Fine, then stretch up and get to it. We'll put a bit of muscle on your petite self." I started to stretch per her instruction. Being in my underwear was very embarrassing though, I was showing a lot of my body with every movement!
She had me sitting on the floor. It was a powerful view, seeing her get on her knees and put her hands on my knees. Again, it reminded me of some dreams I've had about her! I had to actively try to mentally cool down a bit!
I really wasn't as good as Jessie; my frail body was having a tough time even after a few sit-ups. I didn't want to disappoint Jessie. Every time I made it up, she gave this incredible warm smile! So I started to think about that little kissing scenario, but this time was Jessie who was rewarding me with them every time I made it to the top. After another set, I was starting to feel the burn, and also worried I may have actually puckered my lips once or twice! Gosh, she'd have me so in shape if that was my prize for real.
She grew satisfied with my work, and said it was time for some cool down stretching. I agreed, and was sort of noticing she was a bit right; working out in just a single layer was a bit more cooling. I couldn't believe we were doing it at a public gym though! I was actually, in a way, less decent than her too.
I also couldn't help but marvel at her as she moved. She was very flexible I have to say! Seeing her body bend in such ways was almost like a work of art in motion. I tried to only watch from the corner of my eye, so not to make it obvious.
My heart almost stopped when I heard the door! I froze, not sure what to do. Jessie didn't even bat an eye lash though. Bless her ability to always remain so unworried; I was jealous! The three women who joined us in the room seemed pre occupied with their own plan, which was relieving since they didn't seem to notice me in just my underwear!
Jessie nudged me, and got me back to my exercising. It was hard to get in rhythm though, and my heart was pounding more than it had during the more strenuous stretching. I kept looking back, worried we were being watched!
When we were finally done with our cool down stretches, Jessie without concern got up to leave. I had to follow along. I hoped the girls hadn't noticed just how inadequately dressed we were. "We're in usual work out gear, we're in usual workout gear," I chanted like a mantra in my head. If I could convince myself, maybe that would somehow convince them!
"Wait just a second! We have to at least put our clothes back on! Anyone could be out there!" I warned Jessie in a hushed tone, as we got near the door. She was just about to walk out as she was! When I turned to where the towel stack was though, I was horrified to see it and our clothes were gone! "Where are they?"
Jessie giggled. "Hm, I didn't see anyone else come by. Looks like the towels are on wheel-able racks. Maybe someone just took them by mistake?" Of course Jessie was less panicked than I, and able to think a bit more rationally. I was just wondering what I was supposed to do without any of my outerwear!
Jessie again headed to the door. I hissed, "Jessie! Wait! We can't!"
"Sure we can. We were like this just fine; no one said anything, including the staff who came to get the towels, "Jessie was too innocent. I was a little worried it could have been done on purpose! Though, I suppose if they wanted to leave us exposed, they wouldn't have left other racks of towels either. I picked up the bag of stuff we had, sad to know it had little more than our own towels and bottled water. I self consciously tugged my panties up a bit, wondering if they were enough to sneak through the hall with.
Jessie was again about to leave, so I had to quickly jog up to her to catch up! I wasn't given much of a chance to hesitate, and soon I was out in the hall! I looked every which way, hoping to find no one. Only Jessie was around. She briskly picked up her pace, and I wasn't going to leave her side! What if staff did care, and just didn't notice how I was dressed? Could my boyshorts actually pass as regular shorts?
Jessie's path led us in the wrong direction. I was sure we weren't heading to the locker room. "Jessie, where are we going?" I whined. I didn't think we'd actually continue!
"Swimming! There's a pool here, and you know I love swimming. Happens to be good for exercise as well!" I wasn't even sure what to say. It's true; I knew Jessie adored time in the water. Yet we weren't prepared for it!
"Jessie, you know we don't have suits!" I tried to point out. I nervously kept my eyes on the doors we passed as we headed to the other end of the building.
Jessie turned to look at me, "So?" I wasn't even sure I was supposed to respond. What was her plan? Then I recalled one of Jessie's common practices... skinny dipping! On more than a couple of occasions, Jessie would like to swim naked! It's not something I like to complain about, as her body dripping wet was an incredible sight, but it also made me so worried! Secluded rivers and lakes were one thing... but we were in a public building with others around!
Megan and Jessie #6
By Jappio
Part 2
I was too lost in thought, and in no time we were in the pool room! I finally stopped, trying to get my bearings. I was still without any outerwear. We were still alone, but that just gave Jessie less reason to stop. She was already unclipping her bra half way to the side of the pool. I didn't get to even raise my voice as she dropped the pink thing to the floor. At the pool's edge, she hopped from foot to foot as she shimmied her shorts down and off her feet.
It was totally mesmerizing. She never once hesitated. She was so free, and so beautiful. I could hear her giggling as she dove in. When she surfaces, the bright smile on her face had me unable to get mad. I slowly stepped over, gathering her discarded clothing into our bag. She was officially skinny dipping in the gym pool.
She began with some laps from one end of the pool and back. I just watched. The clear water was a lot easier to see through than the typical lakes and rivers I've seen her swim in. It was incredible to see her dart through the water naked. She made it seem so effortless. She seemed so free, in more than just one way.
I looked back to the door, and didn't see anyone still. I sighed, and took off my shoes and socks. I sat on the pool's edge. I dipped my feet in, and just continued to watch her. Jessie... she's so beautiful. I could sit here for hours and watch this honestly. The effect she has on me... it's crazy. I should be trying to redress her, redress myself even. Yet here I was, just happy to see her happy. There was also lust too I'll admit. I... I just couldn't not look at her and want her.
"Going to join me?" She asked. "Wouldn't hurt ya to get a bit wet!" She called out. I nervously giggled. If only she knew I was already wet! I nervously closed my legs, wondering if it would start to show at this rate.
"I'm good here on land for now," I explained. She accepted my answer, and continues with her swim. I sort of wondered where she even got all that energy.
I kicked my feet, thinking about it all. Maybe I should be honest with her. Maybe I had to stop hiding my feelings. Watching from afar, it was tough at times. Yet, I didn't have that courage I admired her so much for. I bet if she were in my shoes, she'd have made me hers in no time. Well, I mean, I pretty much already was, but she didn't know it.
Jessie, after another lap, swam back to the pool edge near me. She looked expectedly at me. That made me almost melt. I wasn't sure what she wanted at first, but then her smile turned to a menacing one in a flash. Her hands reached out, took mine, and then pulled me right into the pool!
It was all a blur, but suddenly my body hit the water and I was totally submerged. I didn't know which way was up for a few moments. I felt her hands still clasped to mine, and she helped my upright. I gasped for breath. It was all only a few seconds, but it was quite a shock!
"Jessie!" I called out. I looked to her, and she was there in front of me, still holding my hands as she helped me stabilize. Soon we were swimming in place. Her eyes locked with mine. She had this little smug smile on her face.
She got a bit closer as we kicked there. I felt her legs pass against mine. I was starting to breathe heavier from the extra exertion, and from her being so close. "Sorry, but I wanted you to have some fun with me!" I really did appreciate that she wanted that.
She was so close I was starting to feel her breasts press to mine. This would have been incredibly romantic if we were a couple, but to Jessie this was just a thing that friends would do, I guess. I could have effortlessly leaned forward and kissed her. Do I tell her? Do I admit how I feel?
"Jessie... it's ok... just you surprised me. Um... though, speaking of surprises, I wanted to tell you that... that I..." I wasn't sure I could do it. I saw her waiting for the answer, but I don't' think I could have done it. I was already losing my nerve!
Then the sound of doors swinging open saved me from having to continue down that path! It then hit me I wasn't saved, as now I was going to be caught swimming with my naked, best friend!
I pulled Jessie close, wanting to hide her. I saw at least two girls, I think I recognized them from the yoga room, looking out at the pool. I don't know if they had seen anything yet. Jessie giggled "Hey now, be a bit gentle!" Jessie had no idea what I was worried about I'm pretty sure!
"Jessie, shh, we're going to be caught!" I tried to explain. It's sad that the puzzled look she gave me I still found to be adorable. The two girls discussed something, but I wasn't sure what. I had pulled Jessie too close maybe, it was a bit distracting! Jessie then splashed me! I gave her my most evil glare, but she wasn't the least bit intimidated by it. "How are you not worried?"
"Worried about what?"
I looked again; no one was calling out "Skinny dipper!" yet, so I suppose Jessie hadn't been noticed. "You can't be naked her Jessie. You'll be thrown out!"
Jessie wasn't fazed, "Pfft, it's no big deal Megan. People don't really mind that much. I read once that places like this had nude swimming all the time. Heck, kids are all in school, so if it's just us adults, no one will mind!"
I think I knew what Jessie had meant, but it was a weak excuse. I didn't want her to get in trouble, for her to be hurt. Yet that's when she got free from my grip and swam away! I wanted to call to her, but more attention wasn't something I need to draw! I tried to swim after her to catch her, but I knew it wouldn't work. I was stuck without a plan, and things got worse as one of the other girls called out, "Hello!"
I tried to ignore them, maybe they'd go away. Yet I heard them call again, they approached the pool.
I wasn't sure if they saw Jessie yet, but perhaps I could distract the other girls. I turned, and pulled myself out of the pool. I walked my dripping body over to them, trying not to look guilty or too nervous.
"Oh, hey! Heheh, I think we saw each other before?" I tried to start some small talk. The shorter girl started to already bob on her feet, trying to look past me! I then thought I could perhaps get the focus put on them. I noticed they weren't in swimming suits. "Get lost? You don't seem dressed for a swim."
The taller of the two responded. "Your friend doesn't' either!" A pit grew in my stomach. They did see Jessie skinny dipping!
"I can explain!" I blurted out. Probably not the best idea to say that, made us look even worse! I was bad being on the spot, so I went with the only excuse I could think of. "You haven't heard? Places like this do nude swimming all the time!"
The shorter one giggled. "Um, not since like the 70's I thought," she said. My face was red, I felt foolish to suggest that was still a thing. Yet I had nothing else to go with.
I had to keep going. "Honest. It's just a thing they do here, I guess. Only during school days like today of course," I couldn't do it, I couldn't look confident by using the excuses I myself didn't buy earlier.
Both girls seemed to ponder for a moment. "You know, you act like someone who did something wrong," one pondered.
"Yeah, those don't' even look like they're a real bikini! You see how they're clinging to her body?" My face turned totally crimson in an instant! I covered up quickly, realizing I was in just my soaking wet underwear, not a real swimsuit!
My brain reached for the best suggestion. I didn't like it, but I had to protect Jessie. "I... I was going to join my friend... cause it really isn't wrong... I just was too shy." It was true, Jessie did want me to join her and I was too afraid. A bit of truth would help my story hopefully!
The girls didn't relent though. The black haired one quipped, "Too shy, or too afraid to be caught and thrown out? Just not as much of a thrill seeker as her I take it?"
"Yeah, where's the shame in enjoying sanctioned nude swims?" The other added on. I was really at a crossroad now.
The accusative women weren't giving up. Were they going to turn us in? I had to think of something. The only thought though was to at least eliminate one of their points... my shame! Though, I couldn't stop from blushing... I could 'prove' that I didn't think it was against the rules to be naked...
My heart almost stopped. I knew what I had to do, but my body couldn't do it. I was actually considering undressing in front of the two strangers! I knew it would be impossible; there was no way I could reveal myself like that.
Then I heard Jessie giggle and splash about. She didn't know a thing of the risk going on. I didn't want to ruin her fun. I didn't want to scare her or get her in trouble. I had to do something... and only one thing was left.
"Maybe you're right. It really isn't so a big deal," I tried to laugh it off, but it probably still sounded nervous. I averted my gaze, not wanting them to see the fear in my eyes. I reached behind my back, and started to undo the latch on my bra.
"You... you both don't have to stare!" I say, noticing they were indeed watching me undress. This was making it tougher! "Do it for Jessie, do it for Jessie" I chanted in my head. I got the bra down my arms, and my breasts were exposed in the pool room!
Without letting myself show too much doubt, I kept going, and started to take off my soaking boyshorts. The navy garment was down and off, and I was naked in front of two strangers! I tried to will up any courage I still had. I decided to really insist it was fine. "So, were you two going to join? I assume that's why you're not in suits, wanted to save time by undressing here?"
I was hoping I'd leave them speechless, but they both giggled. Their eyes were all over me. Nervously I covered my chest. They could have called my bluff, and I think I had no more steam to keep going at that point.
Fortune favored me though, and they shrugged. "Nope, we were heading the sauna actually. We were only teasing you. It's funny how some girls don't know about the naked swimming hours here. We just thought you were one of them. Well, toodles," the brunette responded. I was so relieved to hear them say that.
Actually, wait, was Jessie right? Did they allow naked swimming this whole time?! The two girls got one last good look in before they walked off. I felt totally embarrassed, but at least they weren't running to the front desk to tell on us!
I almost died from shock when arms were around me! A slick wet body was pressed to me. I arched my back, and felt the cushioning of incredible breasts. The arms around my waste were dangerously close to hugging my breasts; I could feel my boobs sitting atop the arm like it was a shelf.
"Jesssieee!" I knew who it had to be of course. I would have probably fallen if not for her holding me. This was way too much! Why was I suddenly in a naked embrace with her?
"What were you up to? I saw you getting naked for these two. What was so special about them and not me?" she asked. Was she jealous?! Did she actually want me to undress for her?!
"Um, no! I just, I was!" I didn't know what to say.
"Well, no biggie, up for a swim again now that you're more comfortable?" I wasn't comfortable being naked, but I also didn't want to end the embrace. Yet I knew I couldn't trust myself for much longer, so I reluctantly agreed.
She let go, and I was able to follower her back to the water. I was nervous, not sure if the other girls were telling the truth. Now both of us could get in trouble!
She dove right in, and I was left to carefully step in. I froze when she looked back, me reaching a toe into the water. I've never skinny dipped in a gym pool before after all, so I wasn't so sure about just jumping in. With my leg out though, I worried how much of a view she got. I covered up again, even though I'd need my arms out to actually swim. "Stop waiting and get in!" She shouted to me.
I rolled my eyes, and then started to sit down. I dipped my shins in, and then scooted forward till I could just slip into the water slowly. I was finally neck deep, and had to uncover myself. I hated how I could look down and see myself through the water's surface. Clean chlorine water was not ideal for hiding a naked body!
Megan and Jessie #6
By Jappio
Part 3
"See, isn't it nice?" Jessie asked me. I was still staying in just one place. I felt so trapped, being naked in the water. Jessie really was the total opposite of me. I wish I could enjoy stuff as much as she does.
"It's alright I guess. Don't worry about me so much," I tried to let her just have her fun.
Jessie then put on her serious face, a rare sight. She swam up to me. I tried to turn my body, knowing my bare breasts would be right in her line of sight. Yet she turned me right back towards her, but her eyes met mine instead. "I will worry about you all I like! I care about you Megan, and I want to make sure you're having the time of your life!"
I think I could have drowned. My face felt so hot, and I was totally paralyzed. To hear words like that from her had me totally stunned! Jessie was such a fantastic friend. I know she can be a bit oblivious, but she did seem to earnestly want what was best for me. How I wish though I could hear those words in a slightly different context, one that wasn't her just being a great friend.
"Um... but, I just mean... you shouldn't," I was stammering again. It probably drove her nuts how her friend had such issues talking to her.
"No butts here, well, besides our cute pair of butts!" Jessie then swiveled in the water and bumped her hip to mine. My jaw dropped. She thought my butt was cute?!
"No! I'm not! It's not! Only yours is like that! Yours is like perfect!" I blurted out. I 'eeped' and turned away again. I said it out loud!
"Heh, we went over it before. I need some work. I don't have that like natural petite look you do. Yet the bits of roundness you do have are in just the right spots, and it just all accumulates into that adorable cute look of yours. I think you don't look in the mirror enough," I gave her a shove in the shoulder as I refused to make any eye contact. My face felt so hot that I was worried the water would start to evaporate around me.
I couldn't keep quiet much more. "Jess, you do not need to work out more! What you do already has you looking so perfect as is! I... I just, I don't know how anyone could not look at you and think perfection!" I was feeling too flustered to think straight. Do friends say something like that to each other?
"Aww, Megan! You know just how to make a girl feel better about herself!" She seemed quite happy at the comment! I could barely tell though, because I was still having troubles looking her way. Though she loves to emote with her hands and arms, and when they wrapped around me, it was clear she was happy. She then swam past me. "Ok, maybe you're right that neither of us have to work too hard. I still had fun here today. How about we finish up and go out to get a treat?"
I nodded in agreement, turning to follow her. I still couldn't get over what she said. Though my mind went blank when she started to get out of the pool! Her body was stretched out, one foot up on the side of the pool, the other still in the water. My eyes nearly bulged out. That perfect butt of hers I just complimented looked incredible of course with this front row seat I was getting. Her bare and shaved pussy didn't look half bad either the way it was clearly revealed with her spread legs.
I'm so glad she didn't notice how totally dazed I was when she turned to help me out. I tried to get up on the ledge, but it was of course tough to lift myself up using a slipper edge. Jessie though reached down, and grabbed my wrists and pulled.
I now was looking up at her. She was so gorgeous. Her wet hair hung down. Her breasts were swaying. Her back war arched as she was bent down to reach me. Our faces were so close for a few moments as I got a knee onto the ground. I was nearly out. Yet I started to close my eyes, thinking for just a moment that it would be so romantic for her to just kiss me.
Jessie was fit though and she had even my totally wet body pulled out of the water and onto the ground in no time. I really wasn't' prepared for being brought to my feet, and on wobbly legs, I was about to fall. Really, the risk was minimal though, as I was still in front of Jessie. I tumbled forward some, but she was there to catch me.
That's when it all started to go in slow motion for me. Our bare and wet bodies slapped together in that first instance. I slowly was cushioned against her. The feeling of her soft breasts slowing my impact was incredible. Her arms moved to the side and wrapped around me to hold me steady. I had no balance, so all my weight was on her.
Jessie giggled. "Whoops, watch your step!" And she straightened me out. She didn't fully let me go, she let a hand drift and hold my wrist again. "Before any more accidents, let's go wind down!" I think I nodded, but that could have just been me dizzy from the sudden contact between us.
I was nearly floating. That brief moment, on top of all the others, was insane. Her skin... it was so soft.
"I am sorry for being so silly. I guess I was just feeling a bit down, you know? Yet you still put up with it, I appreciate it. You're such a great friend," I nodded again I think. Her skin, it was so smooth.
"Yet a bit of steam should clear my head a bit more. Maybe we should still make this a thing. It was nice having company. Or maybe you could just come to my house when I want to exercise, to keep me company, you know?" I was listening to her; I'm pretty sure at least. Her skin, it was so warm.
"Well, let's let ourselves in, ok?" Her skin, it was just so perfect. I wanted to touch it again... Wait, let ourselves in?
Jessie was still naked, and now had her other hand on the handle of a door. I looked around; we'd made it to the side of the pool room. She was about to walk us into the sauna!
"WAIT! Woah, where are we going? I mean, you can't just... there's people, and we're not dressed!" I remembered to cover my quite naked body in that moment. My underwear was over by the pool!
Jessie seemed puzzled. "After a workout, the sauna can help your skin re-breathe. It's very relaxing. Why let anything get in the way? And nothing wrong with a bit of extra company." I saw a towel with the gym's logo nearby, and I quickly grabbed it.
"No, we need to at least... Jessie!" I hissed, seeing her open the door. I only had the towel half around me. I was hoping to at least get her into one!
"Come on Megan, get in, the steam is getting out!" I sighed, and tried to scurry to her. I was barely covered, but what was she thinking? I made it to her side, and as I worried, we weren't alone in the room. More surprisingly though, we weren't the only ones naked!
The now naked brunette I had talked to a bit ago called out, "Oh my gosh! I'm so glad we're not the only naked ones!" I nervously got next to Jessie. I tried not to stare, but it was so confusing. The brunette and black haired girl were very naked. The brunette had her legs crossed and breasts covered. "I was so scared we were going to get in trouble. I really couldn't be sure if this was a clothing optional place or not!"
Did I actually convince them? There's no way. There was also a second brunette with them that was also totally naked. I think I saw her with them before.
"See, it's perfectly fine to be au natural. I told you it was fine," the raven haired girl of their trio commented. I guess I did give them enough doubt! I didn't intend to actually have more girls strip naked! If this went bad, I could get some perfectly innocent girls in trouble!
I wasn't about to admit to it being a lie though. I was totally naked, Jessie was totally naked... they'd think I was trying to play some trick on them. I stripped in front of them too, I don't' know what they'd think of me for doing that!
Jessie of course didn't bat an eye at all the nudity. She seemed happy even. "Don't mind if we join you, right?" my own dark haired friend asked.
"Sure, go right ahead. Nice and warm, really relaxing in here. You feel so at ease and free." For someone who had been so critical of Jessie's nudity earlier, she sure seemed friendly now! I just didn't know what I could even say. I joined Jessie, sitting down on one of the benches. I sat to Jessie's right, so I was at least half hidden. I couldn't believe I was now in a steam room, in just a towel, and four other girls totally naked around me!
"You know, I said it was best without anything. Why keep that thing on?" Jessie asked. I was so glad she was at least keeping quiet; as I hoped no one would hear that.
I pouted, "Jessie, you know I can't. They'd see me!" I hoped at least a little bit of Jessie would understand I was much more modest than she was.
"But didn't you get naked in front of them before?" She had me there! I was blushing intensely again. Earlier it was to protect her, but I thought it was unwise to bring that up. I tried dropping the subject.
Then, our group of five turned to six! A girl, not quite as naked the others, but close, joined us! It was the blonde who was wearing the sports bra earlier, but now all she had on were little striped bikini bottoms! Her breasts didn't stay exposed long though, and they were soon cradled under the woman's arms.
Jessie was up on her feet in an instant. She seemed far too happy to find the nearly naked woman joining us! "Ooo, another! Come, sit with us here!" She said. Then, Jessie was down on the bench again, a blonde on each of her sides.
"So, I was telling Megan that she should loosen up a bit, like the rest of us! She is a bit too shy, wouldn't you agree?" I couldn't believe Jessie was just inviting this stranger in on what had just been a private conversation! I was hoping she'd keep her mouth shut about at least some of it!
"Oh, you know, we're all the same in a way really. So no big deal," the woman explained. I wanted to disagree. I was not so comfortable with just flaunting my body. We all hardly were the same. Though all the girls here did look really nice in their own ways, no one even compared to Jessie!
"Exactly, no better way to relax than totally naked. Like, it's way more nice freeing like this!" Jessie had found a new friend I guess. She connected to people so easily. Not a care in the world as her breasts bounced in timing with her giggling. The odds Jessie would end up with 4 other nudists at once is astounding.
The other group was quiet as this new girl continued to talk with Jessie. "Yep, suppose you're right. I was a bit worried at first, but a lot better seeing you all like this too." She even let her arms drop back down. How do they all handle being naked with others looking? I couldn't even be this comfortable if naked alone! I was thankful for my towel.
Jessie continued to socialize, "My name's Jessie, how about yours?"
"Suzie, nice to meet you," Suzie responded.
Jessie's attention returned to me. "So, going to join us? Nothing wrong with getting naked too."
I tried to keep my voice down; I didn't want this to be public among everyone here. "Jessie, I'm just not sure I'm up for it. It's a bit embarrassing, to let everyone see me, you know? I mean, you don't but..."
"I guess I don't know why you'd want to hide your body. Didn't we just agree that we have nothing to be ashamed of?" Jessie horribly paraphrased.
"I never agreed to anything like that. I said you were fine!" I argued.
"Hm, but I don't' think anyone would mind if you were undressed. Maybe a bit jealous!" I really wished she wouldn't do this in front of everyone! Even if I were fully dressed I'd want to bury my head in the ground. These compliments were going to kill me!
I wasn't giving up my towel though. I couldn't go that far. "I'm comfy as is, ok?"
Jessie turned again, and looked at the other blonde. She set a hand on the girl's bare leg even! "Suzie here isn't shy. You wouldn't mind taking off her your bikini, right?"
Did Jessie grow bored with me and decided she had to strip a different blonde?! I wasn't sure if I should feel jealous, but I worried how few boundaries Jessie had! I didn't think stranger would appreciate the suggestion she get naked very much!
Just Jessie's luck though, the other woman went, "It wouldn't bother me at all. The human body is a... natural thing. Right? I mean, of course I'm right!" Jessie patted Suzie's bare leg.
Jessie clapped. "Excellent, show Megan it's no big deal at all. If four girls can't prove it, surely five can!" This couldn't be real! The girl actually did push her panties down! She wiggled in her seat, and managed to stand up. Pushing the striped garment to the ground, she was just as naked as everyone else! Jessie watched the whole thing enthusiastically too.
She picked up her panties and set them down. Suzie was courageous to undress with everyone watching her like that! I always considered Jessie the overly immodest one, but maybe I was the odd one?
"See, wasn't she brave? She knows that there is nothing wrong with this. Don't' be so stubborn. I know you can do it, I'd be so proud of you!" Jessie cheered me on. I started to almost shake, because Jessie got even closer to me. She was leaning in, a hand right on my leg as support. Her fingers were wrapped around a thigh and bit down between them. Oh my god, she could not get this touchy-feely in front of others! Did she have to try and lock eyes with me too? I was turning to putty for her again with the look she gave me.
I don't know if it was the look she gave me. I don't know if I'd just given up at this point in the day. I don't know if I was jealous of the other blonde who got some appreciation from Jessie. I don't know if I was feeling brave. Yet, I started to try and loosen the top of my towel.
Megan and Jessie #6
By Jappio
Part 4
It was the second time I'd be getting naked in front of three of the people in the room, but it still felt incredibly difficult. My heart pounded. I tried to stop after only a few inches of it drooped. "Don't stop, come on," Jessie quietly mewed in my ear. One day I may learn to resist her. Yet today, I let my towel drop as Jessie had wanted.
I was naked, and I tried to act as Jessie wanted. I'd be one of her fellow nudists for now. My fists shook at my sides. It felt like my brain was shouting for my body to cover up. Yet I guess my heart kept me from doing so, just wanting to be closer to Jessie any way I could.
"See, much better I bet! You won't heat up so bad like this." Jessie had a habit of trying to rub things in.
My face was red, but I wanted to try and deny it, "I'm not that heated up!"
Jessie kept her hand on my even barer lap as she reached a hand to my forehead. Her face was inches from mine again! I hadn't forgotten where we were, and I was so flustered by it. There were four other girls surely watching this! "Hm, maybe you've been here too long already? I wanted to get a bit more, but if you had to go."
Ugg, I was feeling guilty. I really didn't want Jessie to leave for my sake. "I'm... I'm ok actually. You said this was good... maybe it'll help me relax?" I knew sitting naked with a bunch of people wouldn't be relaxing, but it seemed too late to do much about it anyways. She finally eased away from me, and I thought I'd have another chance to breath. Yet she then scooted just a bit closer to me, her hip and shoulder against mine as she leaned into me!
Though I was tense, it was nice having her close. Even after all the time at the gym, I could still smell the shampoo she uses. Didn't help that she started to lean her head into mine, just staring off into space. I was worried she may even nap there. How could someone just sleep whilst their naked body was out for everyone to stare at? Though, even if we were alone or I was dressed, I don't' think my heart could rest long enough to fall asleep with her leaning on me like that.
I glanced at some of the other girls for a moment. I didn't catch any eyes on us, but I couldn't be sure if they were just trying to not get caught like I was. I wasn't really interested in their bodies, just seeing if we were being watched. Part of me wondered, maybe even hoped, that Jessie and I might have looked like a couple the way we were.
I was almost considering taking Jessie's hand into my own. Just to hold it would be nice. I flexed my fingers, almost rounding up the courage. Yet I decided against it.
I pictured the situation reversed, me resting my head on Jessie's shoulder. Or perhaps even lying with my head on her lap. It sounded just heavenly.
I suppose my mind was wandering as much as it did because I was looking for an escape from the embarrassment. Or perhaps, I was trying to escape the tenseness of the of day with daydreaming. Actually, in truth, I daydream of these sorts of things even when in normal situations all the time.
"Um, it was nice meeting you all. Hope you have a nice day!" My eyes darted open. Had I actually shut them? For how long? My head was against Jessie's! My face grew red. Then I realized we were missing a few people too. Susie and the quieter of the two brunettes were all who were with us anymore. Said brunette was actually leaving it seemed!
A bit of worry struck me. What if the two girls were going to tell on us? Maybe the steam room thing was just them trying to lure us into a false sense of security.
"It is getting pretty hot, maybe we should get going?" I asked Jessie. Being alone in the room with the other blonde was no less embarrassing either. Just felt like she had less things to distract her from our bodies. We would have to get going before the others could call security! Though, the heat was actually probably just getting to me and I was panicking for nothing.
She wouldn't budge quite yet though, "We can go a bit longer, can't we? It's sooo relaxing!" Jessie then raised her arms and stuck out her legs. Her breasts heaved up, nipples ripe for plucking by the looks of it. Her legs parted just enough that there wasn't an inch of her smooth lips hidden. She really was good at taking care of her body! There was just enough to fit a hand between her legs too I bet...
I then averted my gaze. Suzie was there and looking at us. It had to be obvious I wasn't just a normal nudist myself. How badly I wanted Jessie in that moment was written all over my face surely.
I tried to play Jessie's own game on her. I gave her the best "Please?" look I could. Oh god, looking so directly into her eyes just made my blush continue to stick to my face. I was sort of worried too what it might look like I was asking for!
"Ok, I think I'm all set!" she relented. I sighed with relief. Jessie could understand me sometimes at least. "Will you join Megan and me in the showers Suzie?" Sarah and I both gave her a stupefied look. She couldn't be serious!
Fortunately, Suzie had it more together. "No, I'll be a few more minutes. It was nice meeting you both." Luckily, Suzie must have had a good sense of humor, cause she didn't seem any more phased by the question.
"It was great meeting you too! Your courage and beauty I think helped little Megan out of her shell today! Thanks!" Jessie complimented. I think I had to be careful, Jessie was just too kind, and I think anyone could fall for her charm with those compliments she hands out!
I then noticed Jessie was going to the door, and still didn't have a towel on! I grabbed my own, and the other on the bench that was next to us. "Don't forget this, and lets' just get going!" I wasn't surprised a bit when all she did with the towel was wipe her brow and sling it over her shoulder though!
In the pool room, I fought to get my own towel on, chastise Jessie for not having hers towel on, and also fetch my underwear! "Jessie, wait!" I said, before she could run off without me. I got my underwear, and tried to pull the panties up my legs and on under the towel.
Jessie was finally listening a bit and came over to help get her things. "Whoops, I shouldn't litter I guess," she joked. I rolled my eyes.
"And please put something on. Pool might be clothing optional, but the halls aren't." She sighed and wrapped the towel around her. Honestly, I was going to take it, it was at least something.
Even once I had my bra on, I wrapped the towel up. "You know, it's silly to do that. You're going to be stripping in a little bit anyways," she wasn't wrong I guess, but I wasn't going to walk past the staff in my underwear. I grabbed my bag, and we were off to return to the locker room.
No one had come racing our way, so I was happy my fears were wrong about staff being alerted. I was happy the place had in general been so understaffed.
We could hear the sound of running water as we got inside. We weren't alone in the locker room, but that made sense of course. I don't think Jessie had her towel on for more than a second though! She was quickly getting her soaps and shampoos.
"Ooo, I never get to shower with people enough. Think you could help me with my back?" Jessie asked.
I turned away from her, trying not to let her catch how much I was blushing still. Also best she didn't notice I'd been staring at her and forgetting to undress too. "Pfft, yeah right!"
"What's funny?" She asked. That's when I realized she was actually serious! Wait, how often did she shower with people?
"Um, I... well, nothing is... I just... um..." How is someone supposed to respond to that being asked seriously?
Jessie had her stuff and turned. "Well, if you change your mind, you know where to find me." She then left. If I weren't such a coward, I'd have followed her right into a shower stall.
I managed to peel off my still wet underwear. I think I'd have to consider not wearing it home with the condition it was in. I didn't look forward to having to go commando.
I was naked again, but this time at least alone. I wrapped myself back up in the owel, and thought about things as I got my own cleaning supplies set. I was so afraid of things turning weird between Jessie and I. I knew Jessie just wanted some help cleaning up. Instead of taking her up on it, I psyched myself out. I don't know if I think it's a trap, or if I really wouldn't be able to control myself. Or maybe it's because when I am that close to her, I just end up wanting her more...
I got a bit closer to the showers. I looked to one of the closed curtains, picturing Jessie behind the curtain, totally naked. I wondered if she felt rejected at all. I thought I should fix that. I also thought that, I maybe couldn't 'be' with her, but why not embrace the chance to at least see and be near to such a beautiful woman?
I got closer and closer, forcing doubt from my mind. I focused instead on what I wanted. I wanted to draw the curtain open and see Jessie there, naked as I remembered her to look, as gorgeous as she looked! Picturing that, reaching out to that image, it let me continue without hesitation.
I forced the words, "Jessie, I figured I could help you out if you need it!" No one was around, I made sure. I didn't need people knowing I was about to share a shower with another girl, even if I was confident about choosing to do so. I undid my towel even, not wanting to let it get wet as I got inside.
Then I realized something was wrong as I opened up the curtain. The woman I saw was rather good looking, but she wasn't THE woman I was expecting. It looked like the quiet brunette from earlier in the sauna!
What was she doing in Jessie's shower?! Well, that's what I thought, but then it hit me that I didn't know which was Jessie's, I for some reason just assumed! The little stall was held only by this one girl, this one very naked girl who seemed very shocked to see me! The poor thing was shaking with embarrassment.
"Sorry!" I exclaimed, quickly tugging the curtain shut and turning away. Oh my god! I probably looked like such a pervert, coming onto a stranger like that! I even had flashed my entirely nude body! I quickly looked around for somewhere to hide. The most sensible place was entering an open stall!
I took a few hurried steps down the row of stalls, and turned into one. My heartbeat went skyward after that! Then, it somehow jumped even further when I found this stall was also occupied by a naked girl! "Oh, decided to join me?" Jessie asked, smiling at my naked self as I continued to panic.
I got the curtain shut to my new stall, and tired to catch my breath. If the other girl came chasing the naked pervert who invaded her stall, I didn't need her to see I was just doing the same to another woman! Why was Jessie's stall's curtain not closed though? Ok, that's a stupid question, it really shouldn't surprise me!
There stood Jessie, a bar of soap in hand, totally naked and dripping wet again. She looked so incredible. Hard to believe she was real even. The water cascading down her body. She stood so confident and unabashed.
Locking myself in a stall with her maybe was a mistake, now I was uncomfortably close to her. She slithered around my side, and I could feel her breasts on my forearm a little too well! I tried covering myself, remembering I was naked in front of her again. "I'll help with your back," she announced.
Jessie wasn't going to give up on that idea. "Jessie, please, you don't have to!" Oh my god, she got a few strokes of the bar on my back. Feeling those suds touch my skin, touching my skin thanks to the hand of another... it was too crazy!
I eventually got her away from my back though. I held her out at arms length. She looked like such a sad, but cute, puppy. "Um... it's just, um, first... I can do yours?" I don't think she could have lit up faster! She handed me the bar, and showed her back to me. There was that perfect ass again too!
I sighed. I just had to make sure we were quiet. I didn't really want to draw attention to anyone we were sharing a stall. I took the soap, and began to wash her upper back.
I think I got my workout and more honestly. Cardio can't compare with the type of palpitations that blonde gives me. The shower was what I needed to clear my head I think. It was starting to work wonders.
Washing her back was nice too. I liked being this close. I think... I think I was content with just that, appreciating her from behind her back. I should probably tell her how I feel one day, at least if I'm going to keep going on the way I have been, but for the time being, this was good.
Looking down, I could see the soapy water traveling down and over her butt. Not sure why, but out loud I said, "You really don't need to come to the gym more, you know? I think you look just great." Jessie looked back around. She didn't say anything, and just smiled. Then she turned away again, and continued to let me wash her. My face was totally red, but I was proud of myself too. I was able to say something like that without letting my worries get in the way. Unprovoked even.
I was content with just being around her... but I still wanted more, and maybe this could just be a small step in that direction. The day at the gym had been rough in some ways, but I didn't know anyone else I would have rather spent it with.
"Give me that now, your turn!" Jessie had taken the soap back.
Thing is though, her aim was not quite the same as mine! "JESSIE!" I let out in the most hushed screech I could manage. I couldn't give away we were sharing a shower... but where the bar of soap just went!
Well, I can't even think about it right now without getting flustered! Small steps to give more compliments is one thing... Jessie's accidentally erotic actions I wasn't ready to face! Luckily, Jessie behaved after that for the most part...
The End