Emily was 18 years old and just finished school. She had straight brown hair which parted at the centre of her forehead, brown eyes and a slim tanned body. She decided to go overseas by herself to further express herself as an exhibitionist. Her supportive parents had no idea of this and funded her trip for the potential lifetime experiences she would have. Her destination was Canada and she booked a cabin in the woods for a week.
Emily packed very few and extremely skimpy clothes. These included a pair of white sandals and pink joggers for footwear, a white g string bikini bottom which had no crotch, the triangle which covered the bladder became a string as it reaches the clit. The material at the front was sheer too. She also brought a matching triangular bikini top which covered just over half her b cup breasts and was also sheer. For general wear she brought a tight black dress which came down an inch past her tight bubble butt and a thin white summer dress. For her undergarments Emily packed a pink sports bra, a pair of black bikini panties and a light blue push up bra with a matching g string. Since she had to cover herself reasonably when she left, Emily wore a tight black skirt with various dark grey patterns imprinted on them with a white singlet and a fluro-pink bra underneath with a matching g string too.
As she hugged her parents goodbye, her exhibition immediately began. When she boarded the plane she sat in the middle section between two older men around their 40s. She let her short skirt ride up as she held her legs together when she sat, her tits well supported by her bra. A quick geeze from either men could easily spot her panties from halfway down her bladder through to her entire crotch. She pretended not to notice as she pulled out a book and began to read.
As the trip continued Emily noticed one of the men had begun to pitch a tent. This shot a little load of juices out of her pussy. She let her legs slowly part and the man's crotch began to seriously go up. It remained up for quite an extended period of time and Emily just remained still, reading with her legs quite wide open now. This started to get a bit boring for her so she thought of going to the bathroom and having to squeeze past him. As she stood Emily decided not to fix her skirt up, which now revealed her panties almost completely. Emily pretended not to pay attention and fixed her sight to the side before she entered the aisle and shuffled to the bathroom.
When she locked the door behind her she took her top off and looked at her bra. It showed excellent cleavage but she wanted to exhibit herself more! She dug her hands into her bra and pulled her breasts up higher until when she bent over slightly she could see her nipple resting on the bra. Emily then put her top back on and pulled it down so that the bra just peaked through the top of the singlet. When she went back to her seat past the gentleman, she pretended to lose balance and fall forward slightly, putting her hand on the man's seat and conveniently holding her boobs in his face. Now that her skirt was fixed up, the focus was completely on her nipples kissing the edge of her bra. A much larger load of juices oozed out her pussy at that moment.
Emily settled for a little while after that, feeling as though she showed too much. But then her hormones kicked in again and she wanted more. Emily put her book away and pretended to fall asleep. She put her hands on either sides of herself and let her legs part slowly. As she pretended to fall into a deeper sleep she let them open wide. This caught the attention of the man she flashed several times earlier and he pitched yet another tent. But then he did the unexpected, he pulled out his phone and began to snap pictures of her upskirt and her cleavage. Emily was completely taken by surprise and was unsure of what to do so she simply copped it and continued to 'sleep.'
Her pussy continued to leak at the success of her exhibition so far. Her thoughts were purely sexual as she closed her eyes for a little too long and actually fell asleep.
Emily dreamt, she was in a bright room, nude and lay on a bed in doggy style. A much older woman came up to her and simply masturbated for her. Fingering and rubbing her clit all over, she felt the feeling of an orgasm continually until she began to wake up. The woman's hands began to fade from her pussy, and they slowly transitioned to a light caress. That was when she realised it was the man's hand. She kept her eyes closed and let him touch her, seeing how far he'd go. He continued to slide his fingers along her clit oh so gently. But that was all. So Emily decided to give him the scare of his life by moaning and waking up simultaneously. His hand quickly withdrew as she pretended not to notice in waking up. She had a quick look around and most people on board the plane were sleeping, the lights dimmed too. The man next to her pretended to be asleep. She looked at him closely and could see his eyes slightly open, spying on her but she pretended not to notice yet again.
Emily scanned her environment and the people around her and when she deemed it safe, with exception to her voyeur tucked her thumbs underneath her panty band and pulled them down to her thighs.
Emily looked around again, nobody looking except the voyeur and scooped her juices from the crotch of her panties and sucked on her fingers. She repeated this several times, witnessing the man's erection building again. Emily continued to wipe up the seat from her mess, using her mouth as the disposal unit before finally digging into her pussy to clean it up too. Then she put her panties back on and went back to reading.
A part of Emily told her to stop toying with the man and just be a normal girl for the rest of the flight but her sexual drive told her to take it further. So take it further she did. An hour or so after her vaginal clean up, she stood, panties flashing and went to the bathroom. She did actually have to pee and while doing so gave her panties and pussy a good clean and dry session.
Afterwards she dropped her panties and tied her hair up into a pony tail using them. She fixed her skirt again and went back to her seat, privates remaining hidden this time as she passed the man. Emily decided to pretend to sleep again with her legs parted, pussy on display this time. The man, playing with fire decided to let her be for half an hour before his horniness took the better of him and he snapped a few photos again before continuing to touch her again. His finger dug between her flaps and moved up and down, he dared not insert it into her pussy.
Wide awake, Emily began to enjoy herself, the man's finger gently sliding along her sex. She moaned, gently and quietly. And again. And once more. But the man continued, fearless. Emily continued to moan for a minute or two until she was about to climax. Then she began to move around as if she were about to wake up, the man retreating as expected to his faking asleep position as Emily woke and stuck a finger straight into her soaked pussy and orgasmed. A gush of pure goodness radiated from her pussy to the rest of her body as she started to quietly pant to herself and the man. Her pussy matched her feelings with cum as her pussy erupted with the love juices. She caught most of it in her hand and quickly slapped it into her mouth, spraying some onto the man's face, before quickly racing to the bathroom.
The instant the door was locked she stuck three fingers straight into her pussy and pounded away, her palm stimulating her clit simultaneously. A second orgasm came within seconds and she squealed in pleasure. After she ingested all her juices, she cleaned herself up for the last time before the flight was over.
Emily retained an innocent girl attitude for the next couple of hours after she got off the plane and took a taxi to her cabin. As soon as the taxi turned the corner she stripped herself of her skirt, top and bra, followed by her hair tie aka panties and shoved them in the side of her bag. Then she pulled out the key for the cabin and headed inside. Her back to back orgasms had tired her out so she called it a night and went to sleep right away.
The next morning Emily slid herself out of bed and skipped to the veranda. She had dreamt of that feeling for years now, being able to wake up nude and simply go outside with no concerns. The cool morning breeze brushed past her, stiffening her nipples and moisturising her clit. Since she had a modesty to maintain back home, she had bikini tan lines around her bladder and her bum. Her goal for her trip was to use the Canadian Summer to tan herself to one colour. She walked over to the shed a few metres away from the cabin and took a ladder from it.
As she returned to the cabin she scooped up a towel and climbed to the roof using the ladder. She lay the towel down and lay on her back, setting an alarm for two hours on her phone before dosing off. When the alarm went off she lay down on her belly, her boobs small enough to comfortably squeeze into grooves on the roof, where she lay for another two hours. When she awoke this time, Emily had a look around her and noticed how exposed she was. Her hormones seemed to of wore off and she quickly ran inside.
The cabin was lined with trees around the property, including a small lake. Feeling as though she was being watched, she picked up a pair of binoculars and poked them out the window, looking into the trees. And as she expected there was someone there. But it was a girl about the same age as her. However unlike Emily, she was clothed. She was squatting by the trees with her phone out, most likely filming Emily for who knows how long.
With the thought of a girl watching her, Emily's exhibitionist side began to ramp up again. Her pussy began to moisten and dirty ideas flowed through her mind. She decided to start with the most modest one, going for a swim in her white bikini and innocently exposing herself from it. So she put it on and went back outside and into the lake. She spotted the girl in her peripherals but continued as if she didn't notice.
Emily swam around flirtatiously, sticking her bum above the water when she dived under and constantly grabbing her boobs to ensure they were still covered by the now see through material.
For the girl watching, her attraction of females intensified as she watched Emily. The sexy flashes of Emily's pussy from behind sprayed juices into the girl's panties. She continued to watch, pulling her jeans and her black bikini panties down to her knees, moaning with her fingers in her pussy. Until Emily took it to another level again. She got out of the water daringly close to the girl, who froze in pure shock. Emily continued walking in her general direction until she stopped a mere 5 metres from her, pretending to be unaware of her presence. Then she untied her sheer bikini top and lay it on the ground, then continued to pull the useless fabric around her bladder down. Tossing them aside, Emily then lay on her back, half facing the hidden girl. Then her legs opened, and her hands slid into her pussy. She closed her eyes and gently fingered herself, before switching to circling her clit and then switching back to the insertion.
Soon enough, Emily's pussy began to pulsate as her body rocked in a fast fingering rhythm. As she climaxed, Emily let out an extremely loud moan as the thought of her masturbation for another girl made its way into her head. At this point her feet were in the air and she continued to moan for another half minute as she came down from her orgasm. The girl remained dead still, horrified of being caught spying on Emily. She almost had an orgasm herself from watching Emily from her position.
Then Emily got up on all fours, facing away from the girl so her pussy and bum was aimed directly at her and began to finger herself again. It didn't take long for Emily to spasm as another wave of pure pleasure rushed through her. She lowered the volume of her moans as she slowly fingered herself to come down from her intense orgasm. As she was about to leave empty handed, a fortunate gust of wind pushed a bunch of leaves into the girl in hiding, straight into her extremely tender and horny pussy, bringing her to an immediate orgasm. It came down on her so strong and it forced a loud groan from her voice box. Emily tried to act surprised
"Is someone there?" she questioned as she stood, pussy swollen, cum dripping down her legs.
The girl let out a sexual "yeah!!" as her orgasm continued and she tried to apologise but just lay there paralysed from the sensation on her pussy.
"Are you alright?" Emily chuckled as she casually walked over, making no effort to cover herself. The girl apologised profusely but Emily laughed it off and introduced herself to calm the girl down. She replied that her name was Amber before pulling her panties up into her dripping wet pussy, and hobbling off with her jeans half undone.
Emily picked up her bikini before heading back to her cabin where she released some serious sexual tension following the day's events.