I'd gone to a friend's housewarming party with my boyfriend, Marco. Being honest, I would have preferred to have just stayed home and fuck all night, but it was about an hour or so drive along the motorway from where we lived and Marco wanted to go, so I had to be patient. The party turned out to be quite boring and I couldn't stop thinking about what Marco and I would do to each other once we got back. From the look on his face, I could see he was thinking the same thing and the way his hand kept grabbing my ass affirmed that. It had been a busy week for both of us, and we hadn't seen much of each other.
His hands were just as busy as he drove us home. Once we were on the motorway, he reached a hand onto my stocking clag leg and started to massage upwards along my thigh.
"Stop it!" I complained. "I don't think I can wait 'til we get home."
"So don't wait." He teased as his hand slid further up my leg to the tops of my stockings, brushing my dress aside as he did. I leaned back in the seat and closed my eyes and his fingers gently stroked my bare thigh and slowly crept upwards towards my thong, which I could already feel was soaking wet.
"Wow." He said with a chuckle as I spread my legs, allowing his hand to trace freely over the wet lace of my panties.
"Remove those." He commanded as he put his back on the wheel. The motorway was quite busy and we were passing traffic on our left while cars passed us on the left. I was terrified that someone would see, despite how dark it was getting, but thrilled at the same time. I slowly pulled the wet panties down to my stocking tops and then stopped as we passed a coach. I could see the outlines of the passengers in the windows above us.
I'm sure Marco slowed down as we passed.
"Keep going." he said firmly and I obeyed. We overtook the coach ever so slowly as I slid my panties out from under my dress down to my knees.
"That's enough." He said. "Now lean back and pull your dress up." I reclined the chair slightly so I could lean back. I had no idea what Marco had in mind, but I love being told what to do. I grasped the sides of my dress and edged it up past the lace tops of my fishnet stockings.
"Higher." He ordered and I obeyed. Surely it was too dark for the drivers in all the trucks we were passing to see my exposed pussy should they happen to look down at us as we passed. It seemed to matter less and less whether they could or not as my heart began to beat faster.
"Spread your legs." Doing so made me feel "Tell me what you want."
"I want you to touch me."
"No. I want you to touch yourself. Do it." I closed my eyes and slid my hand down my body towards my bare cunt. I could feel that even my thighs were wet as I curled my fingers onto my clit and started rubbing. I knew Marco enjoyed watching me masturbate and I didn't want to disappoint him. At same time, I needed it, but I wanted so much more. I wanted his mouth, his fingers, his big cock. But first, I was going to put on a show. I moaned and squirmed as my fingers built up an orgasm. I wanted him to get excited as he watched me as I knew he would fuck me harder and with more passion for it. I could feel myself getting close when he said "Stop. Give me your finger." I stopped and offered my wet finger to his mouth. It felt so good as he tasted my wetness and sucked my finger. He allowed me to continue, but only for a moment.
"Do you know how good you taste?" His voice was so seductive, so sensual.
"No." I managed, in between pleasured gasps.
"I want you to taste it." I slowly lifted my fingers to my mouth and he smiled with satisfaction and took them into my mouth. I closed my eyes and imagined sucking his cock straight after he'd been inside my pussy.
"How does it taste?" He asked.
"Good." I had to admit. And I knew that turned him on. I spread my legs as far apart as I could with my panties still around my knees and started to fuck myself with two fingers. I watched his trousers bulge as I moaned and bucked against my hand with cars passing by all around us. I pulled my fingers out and sucked them clean moaning a loud "mmmmmmmmm!" to let Marco know I was enjoying the taste.
Pulling one foot onto the seat, I returned to rubbing my clit with my right hand while I pushed two fingers from my left, deep inside my pussy. It was almost too dark to clearly make out the faces of the people in the cars passing by. I didn't look like any of them were paying attention to what was going on in our car, but at that point I didn't care if them saw my the pleasure on my face as satisfied my wet cunt with my fingers. My back arched and I cried out as the orgasm took over my body. I slumped back into the seat and closed my eyes to enjoy the feeling, not bothering to pull my dress back down so that I was still exposed for Marco.
The traffic on the motorway started to slow, and then surprisingly, stop entirely. I'm still not sure what caused it, but I assume it must have been some incident or accident. It wasn't long before the traffic had really built up behind us and a few minutes later the other drivers started to switch off their lights and engines. This section of the motorway had no street lighting and had become quite dark.
That was all the invitation I needed.
I undid my seatbelt and leaned over to Marco's lap to undo his trousers. His cock was semi-erect as I pulled it out. I slowly and gently tightened my grip around it, loving the feel of his thick manhood hardening in my hand as I guided him into my mouth. I love sucking cock, and Marco's cock is so big and juicy. It didn't take long before I could feel it filling my mouth as well as my hand. I moved my hand to stroke his balls as I took him deeper into my mouth and he moaned loudly as ignored my gag reflex and took him into my throat. His hands pulled my head further onto him and he started to pump his hips and fuck my willing mouth.
But I wanted more. I didn't care about all the other cars parked all around us. It was so dark around and I couldn't wait anymore. I moved the seat back, pulling my dress over my head and discarding it into the footwell with my panties. With the seat reclined, I stretched my body, naked, except for my fishnet stockings and my black heels and slowly spread my legs
"Please. I want you." I told him. As he crawled over to the passenger side, I pulled his head downwards, between my thighs. He eagerly licked at my pussy as one hand reached up to grab hold of my breast. Already I could feel that I was about to orgasm as his fingers pinched and rolled my nipple while his tongue lapped furiously at my clitoris. And all the while the thought that we were surrounded by dozens of other stranded travellers completely oblivious to my soft moans of pleasure as Marco tongued my wet cunt. My body arched as I could feel I was about to cum and my moaning became louder, not caring if anyone in the nearby cars could hear until I noticed one of the drivers get out of one of the cars in-front of us. I watched the stranger light a cigarette and wander around his car, looking around at how far back the queue now went. I was trying desperately to control my orgasm and keep quiet at the same time. The stranger was stood to the side of the car in-front and would surely hear me if I continued.
Marco had no idea we were in danger of being discovered as he licked my pussy and I didn't want to stop him. Not just because the stranger with the cigarette might not notice but also because I love the way he licks my pussy. All the while I couldn't take my eyes off the stranger. I couldn't see his features at all and I was sure he was looking right at me as my body bucked against Marco's tongue. I froze still.
It felt like I was on display like one of those girls in Amsterdam who fuck on stage in front of an audience. The windscreen framed our little show for the stranger as I lay reclined on the passenger seat with my boyfriend's head between my thighs. My fishnet covered legs spread wide with my heels up on the dashboard and my breasts on full display as I clutched tightly at the headrest behind me all dimly illuminated from the radio's display panel. Could he see us? Was he enjoying the performance? Surely he couldn't see... but the possibility that he could turned me on so much that it sent me over the edge. I covered my mouth trying to mute the moans the orgasm would produce.
Marco, not knowing the reason for my sudden silence started licking my cunt with renewed vigour. I didn't want to tell him and I resisted making any sound until he stop groping at my breast and slid a finger into my soaking pussy and started to massage my G-spot.
"Shit! Ohhhh, don't stop!" I screamed as I saw the stranger take a few steps closer to stand right in-front of our car. I could make out his eyes now - and they were looking right into mine. I could see him smiling as Marco slid a second finger inside me as he started to suck on my clit. It was too much. I closed my eyes as I bucked my hips against Marco's fingers and mouth
I came so hard I squirted. Over and over again, against Marco's fingers and all over the leather seat. Marco slowly pulled away and I wondered what he was going to do as he watched me. If he turned back, he would notice the stranger. For a moment, he just looked over my naked body. Over my breasts, moist with perspiration - over my pussy and my thighs wet in anticipation - and my legs spread wide apart for him. I was doubly relieved as he pulled out his beautiful, thick cock. He grabbed my legs and pulled me further down the seat. It had only been a few days, but it feel my pussy stretching as he entered me. He started pumping furiously and I screamed at the sensation. As my body rocked against Marco's intense rhythm, I caught glimpses of the bystander. He was still watching and the cigarette lit up the smile on his face. Marco started to kiss my neck as he fucked me and I was looking into the stranger's eyes as I came.
As Marco slowed his pace for me to come down from my orgasm, the stranger moved around to the side of the car. He must have been enjoying the show and was actually moving to get a closer look. I could see that his eyes were locked on mine. I reached my hands towards my breasts and started to feel and caress them for him. The stranger stooped down so that his face was close to the passenger window. I could see his face clearly now, which meant he could see mine also. I could also see his leering, brown eyes looking into mine.
"Oh, fuck me! Fuck me. Fuck me with your big cock. Oh, yeah! Fuck my tight little pussy!" I said looking right at the stranger but it was Marco that responded. I know he enjoys hearing me talk dirty (and it looked like he wasn't the only one) and he quickened his pace.
"Don't stop! Fuck me harder. Harder!" I could feel another, big orgasm building and I knew he was nearly ready as well. As a finale to our private show, I came noisily as I felt Marco shooting his hot cum inside me. It felt so good that I didn't open my eyes to see if the stranger was satisfied with the performance. I'm not sure how it long it was before I opened my eyes again, but the stranger was gone and Marco was starting the engine. I could feel him cum dripping out of my pussy as the traffic began to move again. I curled up on the seat using my dress as a blanket and slept until we arrived home.