Authors note: This story is a gentle exploration of one woman's journey into the dom/sub lifestyle and as such it is as much a romance as it is a BDSM story. I wrote it in collaboration with @RosewoodTulip and would not have been able to write it without her friendship, guidance and encouragement, thanks Rosie x.
Feedback and comments are always welcome, enjoy.
Jilly looked at the screen of questions in front of her. WTF was she doing; did she need this, all the hassle, all the creeps it might attract?
She'd had a number of good relationships, decent fella's who treated her well and genuinely wanted to make a go of it with her, but it was never enough, she always felt there was something missing.
She looked at the screen again. Describe yourself: That was fairly easy, she was intelligent, articulate, independent, she had a naughty, if somewhat quirky sense of humour. She enjoyed nice wine and good food. Describe yourself physically: What to put? She was tempted to write 'never had any complaints' but knew that wouldn't do. Probably best to be honest, 5'5", shoulder length brown hair, have been told I'm pretty, a little heavier than I'd like, big boobs (have always been a hit with the boys). She knew she shouldn't put that last bit in, but it was true and her quirky sense of humour got the better of her, shame the dating website didn't let her put a laughing emoji next to it. Do you want to add a photo: Definitely not.
What are you looking for? This was far more difficult, she really didn't know how to describe it, it was more a feeling than anything else. She looked at the screen, trying to conjure up the words, knowing that this might be the most important bit. She began to type: I'm looking for someone who will respect me, someone who will cherish and protect me, hold me in his arms and tell me everything is ok. Someone who knows his role in life is to care for me. In return he will get someone who knows their role and who will give their love and devotion.
She read it over to herself, she'd planned on writing about a good sense of humour and wanting to have fun, and being tall etc, but the more she read it, the more it seemed right. She added one little bit to the end, Are you the right man?
With almost shaking hands she hit the 'post' button on the screen.
She sat there for an hour awaiting replies. Nothing, just a few notifications that people had read her post. She was tempted to take it down but it was almost her bedtime and she decided to leave it overnight, remove it in the morning.
She awoke early and grabbed her computer along with her coffee, opening up the dating app. She had fifteen replies, wow. She was almost nervous as she clicked on the first one. Typical, 'I want to suck your big tits, send me a picture." The next one, "Do you like titty fucking?" Well she did, but not with this wanker. Most of the rest followed in the same vein, men offering to stick their big dicks up her ass, even asking if she was lactating so she could breast feed them, yuk.
Of the fifteen replies, only one was even literate, not alone non obscene. "Hi, I read your post with interest, I think I understand what you need and I think you can be what I want. If you're interested, you can click on my profile and then reply to this, telling me you're interested."
She re-read it a couple of times, short and sweet with a hint of self assuredness or was it cockiness. She clicked on his profile and was surprised to see a picture, his profile telling her he was forty three, which tallied with his picture. His hair was cut neat and short, the lightest touches of grey at his temples and eyes looking straight back at you, he wasn't smiling and nor could you describe it as a smirk, it was more a confident, 'like what you see' look. She had to admit to herself that she did.
She read the rest of his profile, Describe yourself: 6" Tall, Fit, Self employed. Looking for: You'll know if I contact you. Prick, now that was cocky and it annoyed the fuck out of her. She closed down his profile and sat there thinking. He had reached out to her, so presumably she or someone with a similar profile was what he was looking for. His profile hadn't said much at all about him but his message to her had said he understood what she needed. She wasn't even sure she knew herself what she wanted or needed.
She read his reply to her profile again and found herself replying. "Hi, read your profile, what there was of it. If you like we can chat online and see if we're compatible. Let me know."
She left it at that, short and sweet, like his profile. She was surprised to get a response within ten minutes. "We can chat online but I find it much better to meet in person. I will be in O'Neil's restaurant in town from 1pm to 2pm today. You know from my profile what I look like and I'll be wearing a light grey jumper. I don't know what you look like and don't need to, I believe you when you say you are pretty. If you turn up and change your mind, just walk out, I won't be looking for you and I won't know you've been there. Hope to see you then."
Fuck him, what sort of head case was he? He didn't want to chat but had thrown the ball back into her court, leaving it up to her if she met him. She mightn't have been off that day, but it was already 10.30 so maybe he was presuming she was. She was angry at him for leaving it up to her, for not chatting with her, but found herself wondering what she would wear if she were to meet him. It was an early summers day and she decided on a light, summery dress that showed just a hint of cleavage and a light jacket that she could take off if it was too warm.
She walked past the restaurant twice, trying to act cool, whilst peeping through the window to see if she could see him, she couldn't. Eventually, taking a deep breath to steady herself, she walked in and saw who she thought was probably him sat in a far corner, on a small table by himself. He was looking down at a computer tablet rather than looking for her, which, to her surprise, annoyed her. She knew he'd said he wouldn't, but why wasn't he looking for her?
This was her chance to turn around and forget about this whole crazy idea, her legs felt like jelly as she walked over. He looked up and smiled, friendly and welcoming, no hint of triumphalism or 'I knew you'd come' in his eyes.
He stood up and put his hand out to shake hers, "Hi, I'm Chris, nice to meet you." She'd thought about using a false name but found herself saying, "Hi Chris, I'm Jilly, nice to meet you as well." As he pulled out a chair for her to sit down on.
He sat back down and faced her, the confident, relaxed look on his face in contrast to her own silly grin.
"You weren't lying when you said you were pretty, what would you like to drink?" This might have sounded corny coming from someone else but he made it sound like a natural thing to say.
"Just water will be fine, thanks."
He caught the waiter's eye and got him to bring two glasses of water and to leave the menus. "So Jilly tell me a little about yourself."
"Such as?"
"Well I know why I replied to your ad, but why did you answer back?"
This threw her, it was a strange and unexpected question, although maybe not unreasonable. She found herself babbling trying to answer it. "I don't know really, it's my first time posting an ad on a dating site and I didn't know what to expect. From your reply you seemed to understand what I was saying and..."
The waiter returned and Jilly hadn't even looked at her menu but Chris ordered Veal escalope for both of them, telling her it was really good and to trust him, she just nodded. She was annoyed, more at herself for not saying anything, rather than at Chris for ordering. Was this what she wanted?
They carried on talking or rather she carried on talking, finding Chris to be a good listener and seemingly very interested in whatever she had to say. During a lull in conversation he asked her did she always wear her hair down or did she sometimes wear it tied back. She said it depended and that she had a hair go-go in her bag if he wanted to see it tied back. He nodded and she tied it back.
He looked at her for a moment, "I prefer it, leave it tied back." Jilly couldn't believe this, she was actually blushing and doing this small thing that pleased him left her with butterflies in her stomach, thankfully their food arrived.
He was right, the Veal was really good. Not much was said when they were eating and she began to feel nervous, wondering if things were ok. She needn't have worried, as the waiter took their plates away, the same calm smile was back. They made small talk, him mainly asking things about her and her life, only occasionally saying things about himself.
"I'm going to have to go shortly but would like to meet you again, also now that I've met you I'd like to chat with you online, are you free this evening?"
She was a bit taken aback by how quickly he brought the afternoon to an end but found herself saying that she was free and would like to chat with him later. He pulled out a business card and wrote his Skype details on the back.
'CP business consultants, Chris Peckham MD' She looked at the card a few times as she walked home, googling him as she went. His picture was there and it seemed like a legitimate, successful business. He certainly wasn't hiding who he was.
She got home and found herself looking at the clock, what time would they begin, what should she wear? She looked at herself in the mirror, 'WTF are you doing? You're a strong independent woman, whose business is it what you wear, it's your decision. You need nobody's permission for anything.' As she was saying all this to herself she found herself thinking that she must remember to keep her hair tied back, the irony and stupidity of it all making her smile. She looked at the mirror again, 'Fuck it Jilly, just go for it, embrace it, enjoy it.' She went to her computer and logged onto Skype, finding his profile and messaging him, "Hi, what time do you want to Skype? What shall I wear?" she clicked send before she could change her mind.
His return message was short and sweet, "8pm, same dress as this afternoon." Maybe he was busy at work.
Since the pandemic, Jilly had used Skype all the time for work, so had no problem being in front of the camera, except this time. She spent the whole early evening fretting, trying to get her head around it.
She'd posted on the site for a reason, she wanted something more than other relationships had given her and it seemed like Chris could give her that. He listened to her, he seemed to know what she wanted and needed and what she would thrive on. He could give her that. She didn't know exactly how it would be, but she knew that being in a relationship with Chris would involve giving herself to him, letting him take some control over her life. Was she prepared to do that? Yes she wanted to, could she, she really didn't know.
These uncertainties and questions racked her brain the whole evening, by seven thirty she was a mess, getting frustrated and annoyed at herself, a bit of her own 'fuck it' spirit eventually winning out. She checked her lightly applied make-up again and decided to have a glass of wine.
Whether it was her nerves or some sort of omen she wasn't sure, but she'd only had two sips of her wine when she spilt some of it down herself. She smiled into the mirror at the big red stain above her left boob, 'fucking typical'. She finished the glass and then took off her dress, all the time stood in front of the mirror, enjoying watching the light dress fall from her shoulders and float to the floor.
She looked at her reflection, looked at her body and at her best lacy underwear that she had chosen to wear that day. Maybe it was the glass of wine but she thought 'not bad' as she held her stomach in and pushed her chest out.
It was now seven fifty and she decided on another quick glass of wine, deciding to drink it in her underwear, rather than risking another mishap. She drank it in three wonderful mouthfuls, leaving it in her mouth each time and savoring the taste and texture. She put the glass down and went to her wardrobe.
She flicked through a couple of other summer dresses but eventually settled on a crisp white blouse, putting it on and buttoning it up and then looking at herself in the mirror. It looked good and fitted her well, a sexy thought entering her head 'That'll do'.
It was definitely partly due to the wine but also to her being true to herself, yes she wanted to meet someone who could give her something different but she was also a sexy, saucy woman and if he couldn't accept that then they would get nowhere.
She sat down at 19.59 and he logged on precisely at eight. That same steady gaze, the same smirk. Was it a smirk? Earlier on she thought it was a confident little smile, now she wasn't so sure.
He spoke first, "I love your blouse but what happened to the dress?"
She sat looking at the screen for a moment, his expression never changing but her confusion building. Who was this cocky fucker? Did she need this shit? Yes it was nice that he'd noticed, many men wouldn't. His question seemed genuine, was she overreacting?
"I spilt some wine over it."
"I see. You're not wearing anything below the waist are you, stand up and show me."
Was he a frigging mind reader, was it just a guess, who the fuck did he think he was? As she stood up she was glad that she'd had the wine for a bit of Dutch courage. Her blouse was short, meant to be worn with high waisted trousers and she knew he was looking at her lace covered cunt, she wondered if the lace was wet, she certainly felt it. "Turn around and face the other way."
It had to be the wine because she was getting very turned on showing off for this virtual stranger. She turned and found that she was smiling, knowing the blouse stopped just where her ass curved out, her big fat ass clearly visible to Chris, she leant ever so slightly forward.
"Turn around and sit back down."
She turned slowly, her legs a little wobbly as she sat down, at least she had the good grace to blush a little.
"You are very sexy, you like being sexy, don't you?
"Yes."
"When you're feeling sexy you like to show off, don't you."
"Yes."
"Undo the top two buttons of your blouse."
Jilly undid the buttons and pulled the blouse down a bit, maximizing the view of her cleavage. She hoped he would have her strip naked, she was so fucking horny and turned on that she knew she'd do it, instead, he looked at her for a few moments before changing the subject.
"Do you know what being in a relationship with me involves?" Jilly shook her head. "It involves me loving you, me caring for you, nurturing you. Helping you to grow and realize everything you are and everything you can be. It involves me understanding you and understanding what makes you tick, me pushing you to be more and to develop. Do you want that?"
"Yes."
"I want it also. I want to be your everything, the one you think of when you wake up, the one you reach out to when you're not certain or if you're scared. I'll be there for you. I'll nurture and care for you but I'll also push you to do things that you may not be comfortable with. I'll explain everything to you and you'll see that by doing them you bring us closer together, make our bond stronger. Do you want that?"
"Yes."
He looked at her, her face reddening a little under his gaze, "Good, because I want that too. I think we will be very good for each other. Are you free Saturday?" She looked a bit surprised but nodded, "Then I'd like to spend the day with you, go for a drive and then for lunch somewhere, will I pick you up at ten?" She nodded again.
He spoke for a little while longer explaining that as part of their relationship Jilly was always free not to do things or say when she felt uncomfortable, this was about love and support, not control, but that for the most part he expected her to trust him and to do whatever he asked, she nodded when he asked her did she understand and shook her head when he asked did she have any questions. She felt like a little girl but it wasn't a bad feeling, in fact it felt quite nice.
He looked at her again, as if deciding what to say "I know you work as a nurse and that your shifts are probably really busy and hectic, how do you feel at the end of them?"
When they were chatting that afternoon she'd mentioned she was a nurse but was still a bit surprised by the question. "We do long days and I'm often exhausted, my mind a fog. Why do you ask."
"I want you to do something, before you go to work I want you to drink two glasses of water before you have your coffee or tea. At work, on each of your breaks, I want you to drink more water. Being well hydrated will help you fill much better. Will you do that?"
Jilly wondered if he was for real but found herself nodding and saying yes.
"Keep a record of how much you drink, I want you to drink at least 2 litres and also if you can I want you to go outside and get some fresh air on your breaks, can you do that?" She again just nodded
"Good, we'll chat tomorrow evening and you can tell me how you're feeling, goodnight Jilly."
"Goodnight Chris."
He clicked off and she sat there stunned, the cocky fucker had left her stunned, confused and, if she was honest, horny as fuck. When she was this horny she'd normally get one of her favourite toys and pleasure herself, sometimes even watching some porn, normally a buxom girl who looked a bit like her getting fucked by a big cock, but she found herself wondering if Chris would want her to masturbate.
She didn't masturbate, instead getting ready for an early night and making sure she had enough bottled water for the next day. In bed she lie awake thinking about Chris and all that had happened that day, she wasn't sure how she felt about it but it wasn't a bad feeling.
She woke feeling really refreshed and ready for the day. She drank the water as she said she would and then had a coffee and cereal. It might have been psychological, but as she arrived for work she felt brighter and more alert than normal.
It was busy, but she found herself checking her phone to see if there were any messages from Chris. At lunchtime she was outside, drinking her water when her phone pinged. "How are you doing?"
"I'm good, just outside walking, have drunk five glasses of water so far."
"That's really good, well done. It's very good for you and you should be proud of yourself"
"Thank you."
"Keep doing what you're doing, I think you'll feel better for it. Sorry, but I have to go, I look forward to chatting with you tonight."
Jilly looked at her blank phone, was he for real? She knew herself that staying well hydrated and getting some fresh air would make her feel brighter and more alert. She also knew that she often didn't do either. Why was she doing it today? Did he tell her to do it or did he ask her? Did it matter? She couldn't remember. She was doing it today because he'd said so.
The rest of her shift was very busy, with one member of staff finishing up early and Jilly and her colleagues picking up the extra work, but she managed to keep on drinking water as he'd said for her to do and as her shift finished she had to admit that she felt brighter and less tired than normal, was it all just psychological because he wanted her to feel that way, perhaps but she didn't care.
She was a little late getting off work and found herself rushing through the door so as not to be late for her arranged meeting with him, switching on her computer just before he came online.
"How was your day, how are you feeling?"
"It was busy and I got off late but I'm feeling much better than I would normally."
He smiled at her "That's very good, I want you to do that every day, it's good for you. I can see you were late, you're still in your uniform. Go and have a hot shower and pamper yourself, you deserve it. Come back to me when you're finished, I'll be right here."
"Ok I will. What shall I wear when I come back?" Even as it left her mouth she was kicking herself, WTF? But she also knew that what he wanted mattered to her.
He looked at her, his smile widening, obviously happy that she'd asked this. "Come back just wrapped in a towel." She smiled back, a little shocked but also a little excited by this order.
The water was lovely and hot and as it hit her shoulders and ran down her back Jilly felt her muscles beginning to relax, but her mind wasn't. She was thinking about him, about his demeanour, about his smile. Her hand ran down her body, her skin sensitive to her own touch, her mind making it his touch.
Her hands had a mind of their own, one pinching her nipple gently whilst the other teased her clit, her whole body telling her that she needed this but her mind telling her to stop, feeling guilty, would he want her to do this now? She was sure he would know just by looking at her that she'd had an orgasm, so she stopped.
As she dried herself she looked at herself in the mirror and as always she enjoyed it. Her big boobs, definitely more than an handful but not too saggy, her belly a little podgier than she'd like but not too bad, Her big bum, her favourite part, plump and very spankable. God she was horny.
She finished drying and looked for a towel to wrap around herself, a cheeky thought coming into her head. After a few tries she found the smallest towel that she could do up across her boobs, the knot just holding as she moved. It covered her boobs but not much else, flaring open as her hips got wider and only covering half her bum and throwing a shadow over her cunt rather than covering it. It also left her right leg and hip completely exposed. Perfect.
As she walked back into her kitchen she could see his face looking back at her from the computer screen on the table, his face one of approval, or at least she hoped so. She stopped in front of the screen, mid thigh to just below her boobs visible on the small icon window in the corner, this is what he could see.
Without him telling her she began to turn around slowly, as her bum was in front of the screen he spoke for the first time, "Bend over."
As she bent forward and put her hands on her knee Jilly smiled to herself, she'd hoped he'd say that.
"Bend further." She did as she was told, a little shiver passing through her as she thought of what he could see, god she wished she could see what he could see and how he was reacting to it.
"Bring your right hand up between your legs and start playing with yourself." She did it without hesitation, eager to touch herself and to please him. As she moved her hand the towel became undone and fell to the ground, leaving her bent over and completely naked.
"Move your legs further apart, I want to see all of you." "Umm, that's good."
Jilly was slowly running her middle finger down the whole length of her slit, the softness and wetness of her own lips and the sensation when it reached her clit making her shudder once again.
"Spread your pussy lips for me, I want to see everything."
God this was hot, she'd wished she'd asked him to video it so she could watch it back, maybe he was videoing it. She held herself open with two fingers and left her middle finger sticking straight as if flipping him the bird. The thought of this made her smile but she also wondered if it was obscuring his view, should she remove it. She needn't have worried, his next command telling her what he wanted.
"Put your finger inside, finger fuck yourself for me."
Her middle finger went in very easily, the sensation pulsing through her body and telling her that she was very close to orgasm, it felt fucking amazing.
"Put two fingers in yourself, good girl. Now put a third, fuck yourself hard for me."
It felt fucking amazing, as full as her cunt had ever felt. She was moving her hand as quickly as she could and wondering if he could hear the obscene squelching noises her fingers were making when it came over her, her whole body shaking, her knees weakening and a stream of 'fuck, fuck, fuck' leaving her mouth.
She turned around and had to hold onto a chair to steady herself, looking at the screen and seeing Chris's smiling face looking back at her, "That was amazing, you are a very sexy, beautiful woman. Did you enjoy me watching you?"
Jilly's voice came out in a croak as she said "Yes." Her cheeks reddening at the thought of what he'd just seen.
"I think the two of us will have a lot of fun exploring your sexiness and natural exhibitionism. Do you have a comfy, warm dressing gown?" the change of subject threw her, he was always doing this. As her sex muddled brain processed the question she found herself nodding.
"Good, go and get it and put it on, then come back to me." Almost without thinking, Jilly walked into the bedroom and put the dressing gown on, the warmth and comfort of it instantly enveloping her body. She walked back into the kitchen and pulled up a chair so she could sit in front of the computer.
She looked at his face, the normal, confident half smile/smirk, she still hadn't decided which one it was, but also something more, a look of concern and look of care and love, "Does that feel nice?" She nodded.
"It's important when we do something so intense to look after ourselves afterwards. If I was there I'd wrap you up in my arms and hold onto you tightly."
"You can come around here if you like." The instant it left her lips she regretted it, she'd interrupted him and she worried she overstepped the mark. Her self doubt compounded by her anger at herself for wanting him so much and for worrying if she'd upset him just by speaking.
She needn't have worried, he smiled at her even more lovingly. "Thank you, and I would dearly love that, to be with you after you've shared so much with me. But unfortunately much of my work is based online and I will be on calls most of tonight with overseas clients." "I want you to wrap that gown tightly around yourself and to cocoon yourself within it, knowing that what you just did was as pleasurable for me as it was for you."
Jilly managed to stop herself smirking, the cheeky side of her brain saying 'I bet it bloody wasn't'
She didn't know whether he could read her mind or whether her expression told him everything he needed to know, but he looked at her and his smile widened, the closest to laughing she seen him come.
"You're still feeling horny aren't you?" She found herself blushing under his knowing gaze, a small, barely audible "Yes" escaping her lips.
"Do you have a favourite sex toy?" She nodded, "What is it?"
"It's a small vibe, small but mighty." Jilly almost giggled her answer, a small bit of her still embarrassed to be talking about it, even though she'd just frigged herself off for him.
"I'm going to be logging off soon but I want you to get your vibe and video yourself masturbating with it, talking to the camera and telling me what you're thinking whilst you do it, will you do that for me?"
"Yes."
"Good girl, I'm going now but we'll chat tomorrow. Remember to drink plenty of water at work tomorrow. Goodnight Jilly."
With that he clicked off, she didn't even get a chance to say goodnight. She looked at the screen, a sense of loss and loneliness coming over her. Her phone pinged and it was a message from Chris. "Sorry my little one but I had another video call coming in. Keep yourself warm and wrapped up, enjoy your playing, I'm thinking of you the whole time x"
Little one? Was she his little one? She liked the thought that she was and that he was thinking about her, and a love x at the end, umm. She tied her dressing gown tighter and padded off to the kitchen to get a glass of water on her way to the bedroom.
Jilly took a large sip of her water as she lay down on the bed, was she really going to do this? Her gown remained tightly done up as she lay there thinking. He certainly made her feel seen and wanted, he noticed everything she did and said, but not in a creepy way. She got a warm feeling inside whenever she did things that he'd asked her to do and he always thanked and praised her for doing it. They'd only known each other for two days but the connection felt instant and was intense. He was busy but he was always thinking of her. He was hers and she was his.
She could easily have fallen asleep but she'd said she'd do it and almost on reflex she was holding her phone above herself, seeing that the one lamp she had lit wasn't giving enough light and hoping a second one would be enough, she really didn't want to have the main ceiling light on. She reached over and turned the second lamp on and was happy that it was just enough, she could see herself but it wasn't too harsh.
She pressed record and started talking into the phone, "Hi Chris, I'm lying on my bed and still feeling horny. The way you look at me makes me feel horny. Being a dirty little slut for you makes me feel horny, but also the way you called me 'little one' makes me feel loved and cared for and I want to do things for you, to do things with you."
She panned down her body, pushing her boobs out against the tight material of her gown. As she panned further she pulled the the cord of the gown, letting out a throaty, almost dirty laugh as it fell open, revealing her naked body to her camera. She panned slowly back up so he'd see the smile on her face.
She reached over to her night stand and found her vibe, thankful that it seemed to have plenty of battery life in it as it buzzed to life. She traced it down her body, across her sensitive nipples and giggling as it tickled her belly, her other hand trying to hold her phone steady as it followed the vibe to its final destination. Her sex was already on fire but as the vibe touched her clit it went into overdrive, her hips bucking involuntarily and a moan leaving her lips before she held her breath, all her muscles tensing at the extreme sensation. She wondered whether to turn the vibe down a notch but instead just lowered it gently onto herself again, forcing herself to endure the incredible stimulation, her body and mind beginning to relax and enjoy the wave after wave of incredible sensations passing through her.
It may have been one minute, it may have been five but when the orgasm finally hit it was more intense than any she could ever remember, her whole body shaking, her mind a blur and as she came down, an overwhelming need to cry.
At some point she'd dropped the phone, she didn't even know how much she filmed. As the tears flowed down her cheeks she found herself tying up her gown tightly and climbing under the covers, the need to be wrapped up and cocooned almost unbearable, as he said it would be. As her tears dried she picked up the phone again and with a tear soaked face said goodnight to Chris. Not bothering to look at anything she'd recorded as she stopped filming and pressed send.
She woke in the same position she'd sent the video from, she must have fallen straight asleep and the taste in her mouth told her she hadn't even brushed her teeth. It was still early but she felt amazingly refreshed, getting out of bed and laughing at the state of her face and hair in the bathroom mirror.
She'd had gym membership for months but had hardly used it, but decided that she'd go that morning before work. She had a quick shower and then walked naked to the kitchen and drank two glasses of water, as she was drinking the second she had the idea to video herself again. Getting her phone and starting close to the glass, slowly moving the phone away so that all of her was on show. She didn't say anything but she was giggling, so Chris would definitely know she was in a good mood. She found her gym clothes, and as she thought, they were a bit more snug than the last time she'd worn them. Looking in the mirror, she liked what she saw, her ass and tits looking good in the tight clothing and enough on show that she was bound to get some admiring glances. She videoed herself again, this time showing Chris how she looked and telling him she was off to the gym.
As she sent it she realized she hadn't heard back from him about last nights video, did he like it? Was he somehow mad at her? She hoped not and tried to put the thought out of her mind, there was nothing she could do about it now.
She did far more at the gym than she knew she should, she'd pay for it later, but she had so much energy and was feeling so good that she almost felt high. She did get lots of looks and stairs and returned as many as she could with a smile, she was loving them looking at her.
She arrived into work early and within ten minutes two people had commented on how well she looked and that she seemed to have a pep in her step, one colleague, who knew her well, laughing and asking who the new fella was. Jilly laughed back and tapped her nose.
She was busy but didn't care. Mid morning her phone buzzed with a message from Chris, saying she was a very sexy woman and that he loved all the videos and to keep them coming. He was really pleased that she was feeling great and that she'd gone back into the gym, he was proud of her. She knew it was silly, but this made her feel so good and happy.
The rest of the day was a bit of a blur, a few encouraging messages from Chris and him also telling her that he wouldn't be online that evening as he had a long call lined up with a business in California. He said he'd message when he could and was really looking forward to their day out tomorrow.
Jilly was a bit disappointed but understood, on a whim typing back. 'I'm also looking forward to tomorrow, what shall I wear?'
'The weather is good, a light summer dress, above the knee or shorter if you have it.'
Had she really just asked him what she should wear? She had and she was glad she had, she knew exactly the dress she would wear.
Jilly was up early the next morning, her mood was good anyway but looking out the window and seeing the sunshine made it even better. She showered and pottered about, waiting for Chris to arrive. The dress she'd chosen was a light and flowy one, showing just a bit of cleavage and flaring out nicely over her hips, finishing just below mid thigh. She hoped he'd like it.
She'd spent much of the previous evening thinking about Chris and how their relationship was developing. Did she want what he was offering, the caring, the nurturing and helping her to grow? Yes she did. Was she prepared to give so much of herself, to trust someone so completely, to let them control so many aspects of her life? Yes she was, and she sensed that Chris would never abuse this, instead taking that trust and using it to help them both grow and flourish. She went to bed as happy and contented as she could remember.
Chris arrived exactly on time and when she opened the door to him he stood back, looking at her and smiling, as his eyes took in all of her. "You look beautiful."
Jilly blushed and thanked him before doing a little pirouette so he could see all of her. As she faced him again he took both her hands and pulled her a little closer, their bodies close and their lips finding each other's. It wasn't a quick kiss, it wasn't a sloppy kiss, it was a tender, loving kiss and Jilly felt it was the best kiss she'd ever had. When they broke they were both smiling, a little lost for words. Chris squeezing her hand and asking if she was ready to go.
They walked to his car holding hands, Chris telling her that he'd originally planned on going somewhere for lunch after their drive but that as it was such a lovely day he'd packed a picnic and that that would give them the chance to just chat all day. It sounded perfect.
They drove out into the countryside, Chris talking the whole time. At one point he stopped and looked at her smiling face, asking what she was smiling at.
"This is the most talkative you've been, I love listening to you."
He laughed, "I actually like talking when I'm driving, it sort of helps me to concentrate. Also my minds not on anything else, other than what I'm saying and the road and traffic around me."
She nodded and he carried on talking, telling her a lot about himself, his upbringing, his work. His talking tailed off and they both sat enjoying the views and enjoying being close together. After a while Chris turned off the road into a large country park. It looked lovely but Jilly was surprised by how many cars there were in the car park.
As if reading her mind again, Chris said "It's a popular place, lots of wooded areas and walks that people can do, but we should be able to find a nice quiet spot for ourselves."
The picnic was all in a rucksack and after Chris had hoisted this onto his back he again took her hand and they set off. Jilly didn't think she'd ever held hands walking along with any previous boyfriends but it felt so right with Chris. He was hers and she was his.
It was a lovely balmy day, not too warm, just right. Jilly didn't think she ever felt so good and it must have shown, there were a lot of people out and enjoying the day and many of the people walking past them gave them a big smile, obviously enjoying their happiness. As always Jilly was aware of a number of men admiring and even openly gawking at her. Normally she'd either ignore them or smile back if she was in the mood, but she'd initially worried that Chris might be upset. She needn't have worried. After one particularly obvious occasion with two young men virtually undressed her with their eyes, Chris changed the subject he was talking about.
"Does it bother you, when men look at you like that."
"Sometimes its does, sometimes it doesn't and sometimes I enjoy it." It just came out, it didn't even cross her mind to tell a lie or cushion her answer.
"Good, whatever way you feel is good with me. If you want to growl at them, then do it, if you want to smile and stick your chest out, then do it. It's your body and your mind. I'll always encourage you to be yourself, to do what you want to do, knowing that I'm with you and loving you."
They were passing a park bench and Chris took off the rucksack so they could both sit down, still holding hands, he continued to talk. "As well as loving and caring for you I will also push you. I think I know and understand you and I will push you to be the best you. Sometimes it might feel uncomfortable but I need you to trust in me and trust in us. I will always give you tasks to perform, to push yourself, to show how much you want to do things for me, to please me. Do you want to do that?"
Jilly had to stop herself from saying, 'Yes, yes, yes.' She took a deep breath and tried to calm herself, "Yes, I do want to do that."
"Good girl. I like that you want to please me. I will always love and care and protect you, whatever the situation, but when you do well I will reward you and if you fail a task then there will be punishments, nothing too severe, but just so you know to try harder next time. Do you want that?"
Without hesitation Jilly answered 'yes', her eyes never leaving his face. Chris smiled kindly, almost benevolently at her, "Good girl. I want you to reach up your skirt and take your knickers off and put them on the bench besides you, so that everyone will know you have no knickers on."
Jilly was in a bit of shock, as much by the change in conversation as by the request, or was it an order? Yes it was an order. She looked at Chris and could tell he was serious, a little smile spreading across her face as she thought about it and found herself looking around, to see how many people were about. A tingle of excitement and frill passed through her body at the thought of what she was about to do, Chris certainly knew how to press her buttons.
She looked around again, nobody too close and thankfully there were no families around. There were two couples coming from one direction and a mixed group of about six people coming from the other direction, behind that group she could see two male joggers who would probably reach them first.
"Pull them down now, and leave them just below your knees, only take them off when the joggers have passed."
Jilly went to protest but thought better of it, this could be exciting but also humiliating. The thought of the joggers seeing her with her knickers half down made her shudder, a tightening in her belly but also a heat and tingle in her cunt.
Jilly though about how to achieve what she had to do, to stand up would be even more obvious so she found herself lifting her dress around her waist and, after hooking her thumbs inside the material, shimmering the knickers down her thighs, her neatly trimmed bush clearly on display and Chris looking down at it. They were at her knees and she looked around, thinking that one of the couples were looking at her, she hoped they were. The group seemed oblivious and the joggers were fast approaching and Jilly quickly moved the knickers below her knees, the tight elastic forcing her legs together. She went to pull down her dress but then had a dirty thought. Sitting down, the dress only came a little down her legs anyway, but Jilly moved it so it was just covering her muff, just covering her cunt. Anyone looking down at her closed thighs would be in no doubt as to what lie underneath the dress.
Chris had a look of pride on his face, proud of Jilly as she looked at him, her face beaming and her shoulders going back in a show of defiance and confidence as the joggers reached them.
One of the joggers was working hard, his face a knot of pain and concentration as he stared ahead. The other, running much easier, smiled over at Chris and Jilly as they passed, his brain taking a second to realize what he was looking at, and him almost tripping as his head and body turned an almost full 180 as he tried to look back at Jilly, his eyes wide and Jilly and Chris smiling back at him. He kept going but looked back a few times.
"How did that feel?"
"Embarrassing but exhilarating at the same time."
The group and the couples were converging at the same time, each about ten yards away. "Take your knickers off and keep them in your hand."
Jilly knew she couldn't do this without at least someone seeing her, so just did it as quickly and as smoothly as she could. Sitting back up and turning her head towards Chris and smiling, her now free legs parting slightly. Whether anyone had actually noticed her she couldn't tell but as the group passed them she saw one of the young men nudge another one and the two of them look down at her lap. She kept smiling and looking at Chris but let her legs open even further, a tease rather than a full view.
"You're loving this aren't you, what would you have like for them to really see?"
Jilly giggled. "I never knew I was such an exhibitionist tart, but you knew. Teasing was fun but I think I would have liked to have been totally naked and my legs spread wide for everyone to see."
Chris pulled her in closer and kissed her, his hand going to her lap and Jilly relaxing her legs so he could put his hand between them. Moving his lips to her ear he whispered, "All in good time my little one, all in good time." his middle finger entering her as he said it and Jilly's body tensing and bucking as a small, intense orgasm ripped through her.
Chris kissed her harder, only removing his hand when he sensed more people approaching. Pulling her skirt down a little and pulling her in tightly to him, holding her as her breathing settled and and her shaking stopped.
Jilly couldn't believe that she'd just had an orgasm on a public bench in the middle of a park. Nor could she believe that Chris had made her cum so easily, a single finger entering her being enough to tip her over. Her mind and body where a whirl of emotion and sensations, only Chris holding her close preventing her from collapsing in a heap.
A new sensation! Chris's fingers stroking her face and then his hand in her hair, his fingers gently massaging her scalp as she cuddled into him and he whispered gently to her, telling her she was a good girl and that everything was alright. This felt so right, she knew the people passing were looking at them and that they could possibly see up her skirt, but she didn't care, she closed her eyes and let herself be loved.
She felt Chris move, and moved with him, both of them sitting up straight, Jilly, for the first time, becoming aware of the wood of the bench against her bare bottom. "Should we move or do you want to have the picnic here?"
"Lets move, and find somewhere we can stretch out more."
Chris nodded at her suggestion and looked at her, a cheeky smile crossing his face as if he'd just thought of something. He stood up and took her hand to help her to her feet, their lips meeting as she stood and Chris giving her a deep, loving kiss, unconcerned by the people passing by.
They broke the kiss and looked at each other, the connection and passion undeniable. They set off towards a wooded area, Chris holding her hand even tighter than before. As they walked Chris started talking about them and the connection they'd made, eventually slowing the pace and saying that this was all very new for Jilly and that she should talk about it and ask him any questions that were on her mind.
There were lots of thoughts in her head but none of them clear questions, still he looked at her and expected her to ask something. "Do you like me flashing my cunt in public for people to see?" It came out before she could stop herself, sounding more crass than she would have liked but Chris didn't seem bothered.
She wondered if he would just ask her did she like doing it, but he didn't. They stopped walking and he turned to look at her, taking both her hands. "It's more complicated than that. I think you are a very sexual woman who is also a natural exhibitionist and so from that point of view I like you exposing yourself, it is you being you. I also think that if you are fully honest with yourself you will realize that you like giving over control to me, enjoy me telling you what to do. In fact, sexually, you get a thrill from being humiliated and from being made to do things that other might struggle to do. You don't know it yet but you will enjoy being used by me." Chris gave this a minute to sink in, sensing from Jilly's face that she knew it was the truth.
"But it goes deeper than that. In your professional and public life you are assertive and in control, but in private you long to serve and be submissive. It's taken you a long time to realize it but now that you have, there is no going back. Only a relationship where you can be submissive in a safe and caring environment will satisfy you. How much you submit to me and how far I push you is something that we will discuss."
Chris smiled at Jilly. There was a fieriness within her eyes that he loved, yes she would submit to him, because she wanted to, not because he wanted her to. She was no doormat, she wanted this and would embrace it. Before they resumed walking, Chris spoke again, deciding to push Jilly a little further. "From now on, when we are alone, I want you to call me sir." He could feel her bridle at his words and he wanted to smile, but kept a straight face. She was happy enough for him to expose her most private parts to the world, but this was more difficult.
They walked in silence towards the wooded area, Chris happy to give Jilly time to absorb all he had said. She hoped they might find a secluded spot within the trees but Chris had other ideas, following the path and coming out the other side, a large, slightly sloped, lawned area in front of them, with many couples and groups already spread out and enjoying the fine weather.
Up until then, only the caress of the gentle breeze had reminded Jilly that she had no knickers on under her short dress, but as Chris let her up the grassed area, close to other people, many of them sitting or lying down, she had to fight the urge not to keep pulling the hem of the dress down.
They were virtually at the top of the grassed area, where the incline increased a little, before Chris was happy that this should be their picnic area, taking off the rucksack and putting it down, both of them turning around and looking down at the people below them, the closest group of four young men, who looked to be smoking dope, about ten meters away, and couples a few meters away on either side of them.
As they unpacked the rucksack and laid out a blanket it became obvious to Jilly why Chris had chosen this spot. The incline there was steeper than it looked and it would be very difficult to sit with their backs to the people below and thus when she sat down, anyone looking up would have a very good view of her indeed. She wondered about being annoyed but knew she wasn't, if this was what sir wanted. She stopped herself, had she really just thought that to herself?
"Jilly, little one, are you with me?" She was in a daze, staring into space with her back to the other people and Chris was stood holding plates, waiting for her to take them.
"What? Oh yes, sorry." She took the plates and bent with almost straight legs to place them on the blanket, hoping someone was looking up. Once they had emptied out the rucksack they both sat down, both with legs straight out in front of them, looking down the hill. The food was lovely, as was the red wine, and they spoke about anything but their relationship as they both enjoyed the picnic and just being together.
The group of lads smoking the dope had obviously noticed Jilly and two of them had repositioned themselves a little, so as to steal quick glances more easily. This wasn't lost on either Jilly or Chris and as Chris poured her a second glass of wine she pulled her legs up, bending her knees and letting them fall a little apart as her dress rode up to gather in her lap. Chris smiled at her and at the lads below, one of them, who had noticed, trying to tell the others without being too obvious. He looked again at Jilly, ""You knew I wanted you to do that, didn't you little one?"
Jilly smiled at him, as happy and contented as she could ever remember, "Yes Sir, I did."