It was such a silly ritual, really. The girls in the group all acted like they didn't care, the boys all pretended that they didn't notice, but somehow the thought of even trying it scared her witless.
She had come into the group when she started going out with Rob. There was a culture in the group. Each time the weather warmed up, the group's recreational activities began. That meant the boys surfed and the girls set about resurrecting their tans.
She had met Rob just as the surfer numbers were thinning off at the end of last autumn. With spring in the air, the modest 22 year old student had a problem about wearing a bikini, let alone sunbathing topless. But she knew the other girls delighted in doing both.
She wanted to please him by blending in with the other girls. Her beautiful looks seemed to scare most boys off. She wasn't in love with him but he was the only one around. Like her only other lover before him, he was always in a bit of a rush during their clumsy and brief bouts of sex and never bothered much about foreplay. Her parents called him unkempt and uncouth. But she really wanted to keep hanging around with him and be a part of his crowd.
There were many reasons why she had decided to ask Michelle to come sunbathing with her that particular Saturday morning. Rob going away surfing for the weekend with the boys was opportune. She'd just make an excuse to stay home, and he'd been okay with that. Most of the girlfriends would be accompanying them so the beach should have very few people to interrupt her debut attempt.
It helped that Michelle was unattached so she knew she'd be staying in town. Although only just getting to know her as a friend, her impression was that Michelle could keep a confidence. She had seen Michelle take her top quite easily on the first occasion she'd accompanied Rob to last week. If she therefore went to the beach with just her once, she might be able to summon up Dutch courage. Then she could wear a bikini and take her top off in the future too.
But on the day, she had chickened out when she held the minute G-string she had bravely bought for the day in front of her after her shower. After drying her long dark brown hair, she padded back to the chest of drawers and took out her one-piece strapless old faithful instead.
Delighted, she smiled at the sports car pulled up. Blonde hair was streaming behind it under the pretty driver's visor. The naturally beautiful face looking at hers had a puzzled look at the one-piece under her T-shirt. She cringed when Michelle's first comment was "How do you expect to get a nice tan wearing that?"
On their way to the beach, she confessed to her motives and why she had asked Michelle there. There was no laughter or ridicule. Just a quiet and understanding "Uh huh."
From then until they pulled into the beach car park for the short trek down the coast, they just chatted. Michelle was laughing at herself and her own sentimental attachment to the old faded orange bikini she had on. Unpacking and locking up, they talked about Amelia's studies, Michelle's beauty parlour and places they'd like to travel to.
However, when she asked Michelle how well she knew Rob, there was an uneasy silence. Realising there was probably a past relationship there, Amelia quickly threw in a question about one of the boys she didn't know and the chat hesitantly got back on track.
She was pleased when Michelle began asking her questions on their trudge down to the rocks. Yes, she was a bit shy about her body in front of men. No, being naked with girls about didn't concern her. Oh God, she'd be mortified if a man walked in on her nude. It was the way men looked that disgusted her. The possibility of being perved on by men was her main worry. No, she was okay about being touched.
"Keep the answer to that last question in mind, and lie face down on your towel," Michelle said quietly when they stopped. "You can help me evaluate a new brand that's just come out. This would be fifty dollars if I did you at the salon." She reached into her large beach bag and held up a bottle of massage oil. "I hope you like a slight sandalwood scent."
Amelia lay still waiting, her face buried into the back of her hands and her long brown hair flung to one side. She felt Michelle's leg ease over, and her straddle the small of her back. Surprise quickly turned to delight as a cool dollop of oil hit her back, warming instantly as the soft hands began spreading it. Behind closed eyes, she let out sighs of contentment taking in the scent as the expert fingers worked and kneaded her shoulders.
After a long spell of bliss, she turned her head to thank Michelle. The man standing and watching them on the shoreline was in his late thirties, wearing conspicuously odd beach wear with his fawn sports shirt, grey slacks and black shoes.
"I can recommend the oil and but especially the masseuse," Amelia purred. "It looks like you have your second customer already waiting from the way he is looking. I can tell he's envious of the attention I'm getting, but he can wait. He's a bit formally dressed though, isn't he?"
It was only when she turned further for Michelle's response that she realised the slender young woman above her had been topless all along. Horrified, she looked about for the stranger. He had moved, and was now taking up a position five metres lying on the other side of them, facing Michelle as she finished up doing the top of her arms and neck.
"Where did he come from?" she asked Michelle as she rolled onto the side away from the stranger, putting the bottle beside her.
"Who cares?" came the offbeat reply as her companion shrugged and took a small towel from her bag. On one elbow, she began removing the excess oil. "Do your front?"
"Not now with him around," Amelia hissed. "The massage has been ruined."
"He can't hurt you. He's miles away," Michelle whispered back.
"Why, on the very day when I want to build up the nerve to sunbake topless, does he have to come here gawking?" Amelia lamented.
"He's harmless," came the reassuring voice. Michelle looked into the convincing face before her, her own shapely bare breasts on open display. "Just flip over and lower your top. Remember, I'm here too."
"I can't. I'm going steady. I don't think I should show my breasts to just any strange man," she insisted.
Michelle's silence made her regret mentioning her situation with Rob.
"I imagine he's seen quite a few girls topless before," Michelle whispered.
"Not me though," Amelia retorted.
"So, let's take him out of the equation for now. Ignore him. Turn over on your side so you're facing me. Like that. Good. Let's cross one hurdle at a time." Michelle said as she guided the innocent student. "Stay still so he can't tell what we're doing, right?"
With that, she adjusted her position so she too lay on her side, facing Amelia. With one hand she gently eased the top of Amelia's one-piece down. At the end, she couldn't hide the triumph in her voice when she whispered "There!"
Amelia looked down at her liberated breasts, the nipples puckering, enjoying their first direct exposure to the elements.
"He hasn't been able to tell a thing," Michelle assured her from a glance over Amelia's body. "Totally unable to tell what either of us is doing now when we're like this. How does it feel, your first time, incidentally?"
"Great. That was so easy. Thanks," a relieved Amelia smiled.
"I can see our friend looking now and again. But he hasn't the slightest clue. We could do all sorts of naughty things right now and alas, he'd wouldn't be able to tell a thing provided we kept still."
"Like what?" a curious Amelia asked.
"He'd kill to see this for example," Michelle said, putting a finger to Amelia's breast. Amelia giggled nervously as she looked at it. "Let alone this," she added, trailing it idly around it. Both girls tried to keep still as they tried to suppress their sputtering.
"Or especially, this. Stay still, remember," Michelle added, and slowly leaned in to kiss Amelia lightly on the lips, lightly cupping a handful of breast. Amelia parted her lips carefully and enjoyed the lips lingering a little before Michelle leant away.
"All his fantasies, just five metres away," Michelle said sadly, shaking her head.
The two girls looked at one another and snickered. "God, I'd flip if he'd seen any of that," Amelia blushed.
"Why don't you bite the bullet and just roll over on your back. You'd look lovely with a tan, and you're so pale you need some sun anyway. Forget him." Michelle suggested.
"I want to but I just can't," Amelia pleaded. "Does he look like going away?"
"No, he sits there living in hope," Michelle offered. Then her voice lifted a little. "We can beat him at his own game though," she exclaimed.
She took both of their bags and placed them side by side over Amelia's shoulder just beyond her towel. "There. They're high enough. If you're careful when you roll over, you can lie down topless with him still unawares."
Amelia glanced over her shoulder at the shield. Satisfied, she self-consciously eased herself onto her back. Glancing over at the man, she knew he hadn't detected any change with her, but was still half-watching the uninhibited Michelle.
"Tell me as soon as he moves or stands up though, won't you?" she nervously asked Michelle.
"I promise," came the soft answer.
In an act of bravado, she put her T-shirt over her face. "I'm sunbathing topless with a man five metres away," she gleefully told herself and Michelle in a muffled tone.
"Your chest could do with some sun, but you won't want those nipples to get burnt, I promise you," Michelle's voice asserted in the darkness. "Let your beautician fix that."
Amelia felt Michelle's breasts lean over into hers and a lot of rustling start in one of the bags. "I'll just put some moisture on them." She felt her companion lean back just a little, then a damp finger begin tracing small circles on the surface of her farthest relaxed nipple. God, Amelia thought, if he could see this.
A series of applications of the moisture followed. When the grateful nipple stiffened, the tips of three fingers kept damping it by gently plucking. She felt a little embarrassed by the secret thrill between her legs as the hand crossed to her other breast.
"Imagine if our hero could see this," Michelle purred. "How are you down there, by the way? This should all feel rather nice depending on how sensitive your nipples are."
Amelia didn't try to reply. She lifted her hand and rested in on the back of Michelle's as the fingertip stroked, a gesture of silent appreciation until she felt it pause.
"He's off. He's waited long enough," she heard the quiet voice above. Amelia hurriedly slid the T-shirt down to cover her chest, sat up and looked over. He was on his feet, smiling, giving them a little wave.
Then she noticed. The two beach bags were long gone, probably since Michelle had reached across. She looked in confusion at Michelle. She shrugged innocently. Without a word, she saw her put her finger to her tongue and dampen it.
"How could you do that?" she said angrily through gritted teeth.
"Do what? Think about it, Amelia. I had a nice time, you had a nice time, he had a nice time. Nobody got hurt. I promise he'll have forgotten all about us in two day's time. And you should be well and truly cured of your shyness about being topless in public. Think how tame it will be next time around."
"Rob would flip if he'd been here," she muttered.
"He's off screwing Hanna this weekend so he couldn't care less, Michelle burst out. She went quiet. "I wasn't going to tell you."
Amelia lay back, stunned.
The grief period though was short. She was still a little upset mid-afternoon. But later in the evening, she had largely settled down and had put some quiet music on in her room. It had turned out to be a day of new experiences, she thought, lying on her bed. She owed Michelle a lot. There were a few things that day she was so impatient to try out having been shown how to by an expert.
She lowered her head a little, ignoring the urge to wipe the wetness away from around her mouth and chin.
Impatient for her second-ever taste of a female, she immediately slotted an accurate tongue deep into Michelle's slender hips, still quivering from the orgasm five minutes ago.