I heard the noise. I'd been asleep, well, I don't know how long. I peeked into Sam's room. Her legs were in the air and there was one guy under her and another pounding her. Now, I'd seen her having sex many times, but not like this. None of them noticed me looking in.
One of them was her boyfriend. I didn't recognize the other. She didn't seem to be in distress. Aside from, you know, taking it up the ass. Then her bathroom door opened and another guy who I didn't recognize walked in. Naked with a large erection. It went straight in her mouth.
I had to duck out. I mean, as I mentioned, I'd seen Sam having sex numerous times over the years, but three guys? That was new.
I went back to my room and then I started hearing the squeals. Not unfamiliar, but now mixed with a few grunts. I heard one of them cum, then more squeals, then probably another finished. I heard her bathroom door, the sink, then the apartment door opening and closing. I figured I might be clear to go talk.
I knocked on the door but didn't wait for the "come in" to push it open.
Sam was splayed on her bed. I walked over and immediately got that smell. I didn't see blood so I looked more closely at her closed eyes and realized she was covered in cum.
She suddenly opened her eyes and smiled.
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"Golden."
"Let's get you cleaned up."
She nodded and a little more of a stream slipped into her mouth, and she didn't seem to care.
I helped her up and slowly moved her to her bathroom. Cum dripped on me and I tried to let it not freak me out since I needed to help my best friend.
I turned on the shower and maneuvered her in. So I was getting drenched too. I was just in a t-shirt and shorts so I took them off and tossed them out. We had been naked in front of each other many times, so it was no big deal. I washed Sam's hair, wiped her face, and then her lady parts. She looked happy.
I turned off the shower and she got up and hugged me. I went for the towels.
That was when the other man sat up from the bathroom floor. I had no idea he had been there the entire time. He was as tall as me, very attractive, just sitting passively.
"Gem, meet Sam," said Sam, "I know, I know."
"Hi." I tried to feign ambivalence to the significance of meeting a stranger while naked in the shower with my friend. I grabbed towels, wrapping one around me and using another to dry off. Sam was taking care of herself. The guy just sat and watched.
He stood up. Also naked. Hairless. "You're a good friend," he said.
"I try."
"Sam has always been a trooper but I think this is the first time like that."
I looked over at Sam and she just had a ridiculous grin on her face.
"This is Sam," she said, "the one that didn't finish."
Male Sam shook his head. But as I looked his way, his penis was growing, and it was growing big.
We moved Sam to her bed and got her comfortable.
Then new Sam put his hand on me. And I didn't flinch. Moments later we're sat on the couch. My towel wrap is failing, and he's totally naked. I touched his leg. I saw the reaction.
"I'm going to check on Sam," I said.
"She's fine, just won out, I think" he replied glibly.
But I left and found a t-shirt to put on instead of the towel. No underwear. I'd just done laundry and all mine was washed, folded, and put away. Sam's was all too small. I went back out. He hadn't found, or chosen to find, his own clothes.
I could feel my nipples expanding on the soft rub of the t-shirt. He noticed.
I just flopped down on the couch, not really taking care.
Very soon there was a hand on my vagina. I didn't care. He knew the right spots, and I let it happen.
As he entered me, Sam came out from her bedroom.
"Cool," she said. "you guys enjoy."
I came fast. He lifted my shirt to fondle my breasts. Figured that was okay. My boobs had been on display in different situations many times. Good boobs.
But I wanted him to finish. So I asked "where"? He answered "on your face."
I didn't know what to do.
As he jerked himself to completion I thought about the shower, and Sam, my friend. Look, it wasn't that bad.
So I let it happen.