This can be read and enjoyed as a stand-alone story, but deeper character depth and the effects of the plots, rivalries, twists and turns of Asma's sexual journey will be found by reading the entire series.
It was shortly after Asma's first doubles sexfight (Chp 5) and a couple days after her reunion fuck with her husband (Chp 6) and the next day sexfight to save his presidency (Chp 7). Asma was having lunch with Ai and finally steeled herself and spoke. "I'm sorry Ai but this weekend I have something to do. We won't be able to sexfight until next week. I hope you can put the other doubles team off."
She had been worried about bringing this up as there had been tension between the two since the doubles sexfight with Ai blaming Asma, who was competing for the first time, for their loss. However, the 45-year-old Vietnamese Ai looked relieved and said, "Coincidence, I was about to say the same thing too. It's to do with extra Uni work."
"The same for me, all weekend," Asma replied.
Ai thought for a second then said, "Is it the VUX3B club?"
Asma nodded and Ai laughed. "Well, we will still be together this weekend because I got the message on my phone as you did."
That Friday evening a blindfolded Asma and Ai, along with two busloads of other similarly blindfolded new students and employees, had entered a building, been escorted up a stairway, along a passage and into a room. They had no idea where they were. Her thoughts, and those of the others, had centred on the mysterious VUX3B club and the enigmatic posters mentioning the club that had appeared around the campus, and why they had been chosen.
Blindfolds removed and with their guides, or guards for want of a better word, departed, Asma looked around. The group was about 50 in total of whom about 20% were male. What was noticeable was that, despite their numbers at Victoria University, there were no Sudanese. All were showing plenty of flesh, dressed as the message had requested, "Dress to impress at the VUX3B Ball."
Asma was balanced on extreme, high slut shoes, and was draped in a tight, backless, short micro length cocktail dress that was moulded to her body. The fact it was a size too small for her 5 ft 7, 34B 30 36 body and made from a semitransparent, red material clearly showed that was all the Pakistani woman was wearing. She recognised some faces and an Iranian refugee from her lecture group nodded to her. The door opened and a tallish blond woman in her late 40s and wearing a fur coat entered. You could hear a pin drop as she started to speak.
"Some of you here today may recognize me as Marija Popopski, the Chancellor of Victoria University, who welcomed you here at the beginning of the University term. But today I greet you in a role I prefer, President and Prime Alpha of the VUX3B club."
She looked around the room at the nervous group in front of her and continued, "You are all here to take the first step in an initiation ceremony which gives entrance to the VUX3B club. You may remember doing a rather long Psych test on entry to our university, and then some follow up questionnaires. Although disguised, they included questions prepared by the social behaviourists at Latrobe University to identify potential members. For the past 9 years, these questionnaires have had a 99.87 success rate. Chinese IT experts from Melbourne and Monash Universities have also added some extra features to our university app on your phone which means we have monitored you 24 7 for the past 4 months to confirm our initial appraisal. We guard our anonymity well and no one will pass on our secrets. In fact, we have only had 6 membership terminations in the last 10 years, terminations such as car crashes, drug overdoses that unfortunately occur, after which our members in high places send any inquiries or complaints into dead ends."
She let that sink in then continued. As she spoke, she discarded the fur coat to stand nude before them, balancing on extreme platform, plasglass, high heels which emphasised her surgically enhanced body. A body that looked years younger than her age of 46. Her full breasts stood proud, and all the initiates could see the gold nipple piercings, just as her shaved slit allowed maximum viewing of her four dangling, cunt lip chains. One hand moved to open her slit wide, and the other played with her clit. She must have started her arousal before she entered the room because in a short time she shuddered, gave a long howl of satisfaction, and came, squirting ejaculate at least two metres to splatter over the closest attendees.
"Now I have your attention, some history," she continued. "All universities here in Melbourne have a similar club to this one. The beginnings lie with Melbourne University, Victoria's oldest and most prestigious university, where Lecturers would trade high grades to students for sex. It has been modernised into the present day MUSP club or Melbourne University Sexual Perversion club and expanded its goals. With its very demanding entrance score, it now taps into high achieving locals, mostly Vietnamese, and also the overseas Chinese. All are sure to progress rapidly in their chosen fields, especially with club help. It also has a few western, wealthy, ex-private school males and females, part of "The Establishment" where a name like Smyth-Forthingham carries more weight than money and gives the club access into a small, rarefied circle of historical power and influence."
"Monash," she continued, "the second University of choice, has the top Government schooled local Westerners and Vietnamese and some overseas Chinese but also had corned the overseas Japanese and Korean students. Less traditional than Melbourne University they provide leaders in new technology and thinking. RMIT and Swinburne are male-dominated by Indians and Indonesians respectively. The first is a waste because the land that wrote the Karma Sutra places little value on women's opinions. However, they provide the bureaucratic upper levels in Government departments that tidy up the details after decisions are made by club members at higher levels. The Indonesian playboys at least provide the corruption necessary to hide the club's money overseas and their "escorts" provide some diversion for club members. The gay Latrobe and the low entry score westerners at Deakin universities with their social humanity course emphasis provide many future political connections as, most are first employed by, and then became politicians or high-ranking public servants."
"Finally, there are the Sudanese and Iranian refugee contingents and other cultural minorities attending here at Victoria University where simply attempting Year 12 gives entry or easily obtainable Government scholarships provide entry and dilute the unemployment numbers. Our contribution to all the club's hedonistic and lucrative activities is predominately criminal muscle. Thanks to our Sudanese and Ethiopians from the Horn of Africa and the Nigerians and others from the Ivory coast our university is now renowned for the quality and size of our black meat, which I can personally attest to.
She paused and surveyed the room. "You should all strip as most club activities are performed nude."
At first hesitantly, then with growing confidence, the group stripped off their already revealing clothing, glancing around to see how their body compared to those of the others. Marija pressed a button and electric motors silently raised venetian blinds. "Observe a club activity,' she said.
All turned and looked down on the hall below their mezzanine floor. None of the now naked group was prepared for what they saw below. In the mass of moving, naked bodies, the soft light showed couples, threes, fours and even fives engaged in every form and combination of depraved coupling possible. The sounds of "Oooohs" and "Aaaahs", "Unghs", moans and shrieks, and even laughter reached their ears from speakers on their room's walls.
Asma's eyes took in a twenty-year blonde who was lying on her back on a couch, her still firm tits jiggling about as a well-built man sawed his short, thick cock in and out of her cunt while she grasped tightly on another long, thin cock plunging in and out of her mouth. All three were obviously close to their goal. It only took a few more thrusts by both men, when, because her cries were muffled by the cock in her mouth, her twitching pussy and responsive mouth were too much for both men. They groaned and stiffened, their nuts emptying into her welcoming, wet and warm orifices. The man in her mouth pulled out, as did the guy in her cunt, both resting by sitting up against the couch. Four newcomers replaced the two men, one sliding under the blonde woman who lowered her arse onto his rigid pole before the second knelt astride them and fed his cock into her pussy. She reached up to guide the third man's pole into her mouth, while the fourth, not to be left out opened the kneeling man's arse cheeks and rammed his greased cock home.
Her eyes shifted to another part of the hall. A kiss ended and as the women's faces parted one woman straightened up. The dark-skinned, big arsed Sudanese woman below now had access to the Indian woman's sagging tits. A jutting hard nipple was greeted by the black woman's lips and experienced tongue. Their two bodies seemed to melt as they lay together on the mattress. Two watching women, a Turk and a Filipina kneeling beside the matress, begin to masturbate their own wet swollen cunts, opened legged and kissing while they both masturbated themselves. The Turkish Muslim stopped her masturbation and pulled the Sudanese's arse cheeks upward and began to tease her back entrance with her fingers causing her to moan in pleasure as her finger squeezed into the Indian's wet slit. The Turk's body became taut as the Filipina's fingers entered her and the stretching of her cunt and fingering of her clit made her gasp as her vagina expelled sex juices soaking the hand exploring her sex. Despite this, the Turkish woman had worked all her fingers hard into the Sudanese's arse, and, as it was not lubricated, the tips of her fingers pushed the hole deep until it finally accepted her invading digits. Each push loosened the entrance until the wetness of the inside of the woman's arse lubricated her fingers allowing her to fuck her anus with greater ease.
By this time, the Sudanese woman was fisting the Indian's cunt. The Turkish woman clambered over the Sudanese woman while not letting her fingers leave her arse and she watched as the Filipina began her own assault on the older Indian's arse. The two newcomers soon became invaded themselves as the Indian and Sudanese women rotated their bodies to ream the two newcomer's rectums. The Turk's own pliable backdoor accepted four fingers with reasonable ease while the Filipina screamed in painful ecstasy as hers was explored by four of the Indian's fingers. The Sudanese woman's hand was fully inside the Indian's loose vagina, and she could feel the newcomer's fingers fucking the Indian's arse between the tough wall separating the two sexual cavities.
The Filipina bit and sucked hard on the double-fisted Indian's large nipples who screamed her pleasure as an overwhelming orgasm surged through her body. The Sudanese removed her fist from the Indian's slit and swallowed its oozing juices. Asma was totally turned on by what she was watching, but her voyeurism was interrupted by the Chancellor's voice.
"Now, confident in our selection process and safeguards that you are what we need in the club, what does the club do for you and what is your initiation? Our club is the VUX3B club. VU is obviously Victoria University and X3B stands for the Cross you are attached to as you are serviced by and service, firstly Males particularly black cock, secondly Females, and third by our Sybian robotic animals. The B stands for Bondage and BDSM. All of this is to be delivered by myself, our Prime Alphas or the next level down, Elites. The initiation determines whether you will pass and become a Trainee female Slut or male Stud or fail and be a Slave Slut or Slave Stud to be used as needed by members for the term of your degree with the chance to retry again annually."
She paused, then continued, "If you pass the initiation and become a Trainee slut or stud then, for the rest of your life, apart from the benefits you are observing below us, and the chance to represent the VUX3B club at interuniversity sex contests, your career prospects, obtaining loans, business or political dealings will be aided by members from any of the Universities. Think about it. For example, you will never face a criminal charge; it would be covered up and obliterated from the records. How does this occur? After you pass the initiation process you will receive a small tattoo identifying you as a VUX3B member recognisable by any club member from any University here in Melbourne."
She held up her hand. "For example, I have 3 dots running horizontally on the back of my left hand which show she I am from Victoria University. Melbourne University has a triangle with its apex pointing to the fingers, Monash, an inverted triangle. Latrobe, a triangle pointing to the left, RMIT the reverse, Swinburne a vertical array of here dots whilst Deakin's is diagonal. Membership is for life and, just like the Freemasons have done worldwide for years, as I said, it provides the contacts that give promotion, insider business knowledge, police protection and political clout in your life after university. Now enjoy what you are watching before you witness a major event."
Asma willingly turned her attention to the scene paying out below. This time she was not overwhelmed and instead focused. Immediately she recognized faces she had seen on the TV or in the newspapers or on the internet. She focussed on one face. It was one that she had seen often on TV discussion programs. Though she couldn't remember the name she remembered his far-right wing, bigoted, anti-gay views. Now he knelt swallowing the cock of a hulking Sudanese male while a petite middle-aged Vietnamese woman hammered a strap on into his arse.
Next, she recognised a male face. It was Ken, her tutor for Accounting 101, and he was naked on his back on a davenport. A fat woman with pendulous breasts squatted over his rock-hard rod absorbing it into her widespread, welcoming cunt. Another slender woman was standing beside them waiting for her turn. Her tutor rolled his head back and forth in ecstasy.
And then she saw other naked bodies with attached faces that she recognized. Pretty, little Sandra Jarvis, the Admissions Officer. sitting in a chair with Legal studies lecturer Ron Bounder on his knees between her widespread thighs, seriously licking her pussy... and Christina Fernandez from the library with a younger student cradled between her open thighs, pumping his heavy loins into her wildly, the expression on both of their faces told her that they were enjoying what she was receiving.
Her eyes roamed around the hall taking it all in, and she became more and more aroused. Suddenly Ai grabbed her arm and pointed. "Isn't that your daughter," she asked? There, where Ai indicated, in the centre of the dimly lit room a more brilliant glow of light illuminated a naked, young, subcontinent woman on her hands and knees. Her perspiration covered body knelt slavishly before a huge mechanical man-made apparition that resembled a dog. It was fucking her from behind, fake fur-covered metal front paws on her daughter's back, while she sucked a black man's immense cock as he knelt in front of her face.
It was her daughter Samreen and she reeled back. Still, she couldn't take her eyes from the obscene scene she was watching. She gaped in shock as the middle-aged black Sudanese whose cock Samreen was sucking began to shudder violently, and Asma knew he was shooting his full load of sperm into her daughter's mouth and throat. Finally, he stepped away, sticky strings of his white, viscid jism stretching from her sperm-coated lips to his thick, slowly deflating cock. Abruptly, another body of black-skinned nakedness moved in to take his place. Holding 10 inches of black snake in his hand he fed it into her daughter's mouth, no mean feat as the machine's violent fucking of her daughter was shaking Samreen's body and head.
Samreen moaned out. Asma was convinced she could hear her daughter whimpering and wailingly in a thick, frustrated voice of need and lust as she grabbed at her new assailant, eagerly grasping his long, thick rod of swollen cock-flesh. She pulled back its foreskin and hungrily plunged it into her mouth, taking all its black length right down into her throat until only a narrow circle near his balls remained visible.
Meanwhile, the realistic, robotic dog's artificial tongue hung and danced rhythmically from its mouth as it fucked into her daughter's bent-over wet, cum dripping cunt; her arse grinding back in wanton degeneracy. Pretend saliva dripped from the long, lingual member of the machine onto the coated film of perspiration covering the hollow of her smooth, slender waist. She groaned around the length of huge hardness sucked into her throat, at the same time ramming backwards onto the long, thick plas-flesh pretend animal-cock. Asma realised her daughter was straining desperately for her orgasm.
As if on cue the chancellor spoke. "If you concentrate on the three spotlights you will see our university's most recent addition. Robotic mechanical electronic animals. At the last All University Annual Dinner hosted by us in this hall, Monash University provided a massive prototype robotic donkey that was taken fully by one of our Pakistani members (see Chp 2). You can see her in action under the middle spotlight. Monash Uni is the leader in technology and has connections with overseas universities. The donkey and controlling technology were created by Fukada Ito and Ai Kawana, 2 transferees from the Tokyo Institute of Technology.
After seeing the result of their effort in action I convinced them to transfer their program to Victoria University, and then defeated the Monash Uni Alpha prime to secure the deal. As a side benefit, Fukada was a prolific JAV performer back home in Tokyo while Ai was easily Monash University's number one man-pleaser. Although not in the 2004 world record holder Lisa Sparks 919 men in 12 hours, or the previous record of 759, she has taken 420 in 12 hours and claimed it would have been higher if there had been more men ready. You can see them controlling their creations at the far left of the Hall."
Asma looked that way and saw the 2 nude Japanese females working feverishly at their laptops controlling the mechanical dogs. They were on a raised platform to give them an unobstructed view and were multitasking. Each controlled 2 robotic animals, their fingers working on their keyboards with the speed of a country music fiddler. But Ai knelt at her laptop hips raised as she was fucked, aptly doggystyle, by a line of males. Fukada sat legs spread wide while a succession of women ate her to her cums.
The lanky black whose cock Samreen was sucking blurted out an oath, his heavy frame convulsing as he began to empty his balls into her daughter's mouth. Maybe the mike was near Samreen because Asma distinctly heard her daughter begin to utter whimpers, and as the man slithered back away from her, she raised her head and screamed, "Oooohhhh... oooohhhh God... I-I'm cuuuummmmmmiinnnggggg."
Her voice died into a strangled chant of sob and sigh, her head twisting from side to side, her long black hair flailing wildly as she began the first obvious spasms of orgasm, screwing her smoothly rounded buttocks back hard onto the mechanical animal-cock in a frenzy. Asma gaped open-mouthed at the performance being enacted below her, watching the machine's tongue hanging loosely from the mouth of its great head, panting and dripping its saliva onto the smooth, creamy flesh of her back while it fucked into the hungrily undulating arse with bestial frenzy.
Samreen shrieked again, slamming her arse cheeks back against the pumping contraption with a frantic jerk as simultaneously, the brute rammed forward and its cock began to spew, in long hard spurts, its load of club member collected sperm deep up into the hidden recesses of her flat belly. Again, she screamed, her orgasm tautened buttocks began to contract convulsively. Fukada manipulated the keyd on her laptop and Asma gaped as she watched the viscid, member collected human cum explode from the lips of her daughter's tight cunt. Hungrily, her cunt lips clasped and squeezed like a rubber-gloved hand around the robot's thick cock, tiny rivers of the sticky fluid trickling down the smooth columns of her satin-skinned inner thighs... until at last, she collapsed, falling forward, satiated and only half-conscious onto her face.
Asma was now aware that her hand had been frigging her clit furiously and that she had cum watching her daughter double teamed by the Japanese pair's invention and black cocks. She glanced around the room to see she was not alone and in fact some had coupled and were fucking. Samreen's display seemed to be the climax as Marija pressed a button, a siren sounded, and slowly, almost reluctantly, the participants below ceased their activities and grouped around a stage just below the prospective initiate's window.
"The main purpose of tonight's meeting will start," Marija said to the group in front of her," A sexfight challenge against a Prime." Seeing their blank looks she explained further. "Every club member has a rank. After your successful initiation, you start as a Trainee and receive your tattoo and a plain gold stud, while those who don't pass are branded as slaves and used in orgies and private parties with the chance to retest in a year's time. From a Trainee you can progress to Regular (Topaz stud), next to Veteran (Sapphire stud), then Advanced (Emerald), and then Elite (Ruby), and finally to one of 12 Primes in each club who wear a diamond stud. Primes are ranked from Alpha downward and a chain dangling from an ear has the letter denoting their rank, hence my diamond stud and gold A. Progression is by defeating someone above you in a sexfight. Just as you are doing tonight, I started 20 years ago as a Romanian refugee attending the University and became a Trainee. You are about to witness such a challenge now against a Prime."
The crowd below parted and Rubylynne Mendoza, a short, thick, dark-skinned Filipina cleaner at the Footscray campus strode towards the stage. She was married to a Filipino welder who had come here on a skilled work visa. The 130- pound, 5 ft 2 inch, 41-year-old ex Cebu resident had been a Prime for 3 months and was Prime Mu (12) and had her sights set on advancing upwards, finally becoming the Prime Beta, then the Prime Alpha. With her super sex drive and willingness to do anything sexual she saw no reason why it would not happen.
The contender was Leonora Abasta. Abasta was her maiden name before she became the 18-year-old bride of George Marino, a 58-year-old Italian born Aussie who replaced her 3 years later with another 18-year-old fresh off the internet production line. He was a member of The Melbourne Filipina Wives Club, and George had witnessed his wife compete against other wives and be fucked by other members. That was 13 years ago, and she had brought up her daughter alone since then. The still slim (unusual for a Filipina over 30), single mother had learnt that she would get a larger fortnightly cheque from the government attending Victoria Uni than from unemployment benefits, so she had joined, been selected by VU3XB, progressed rapidly, and was now challenging to be one of the 12 Primes of the club.
"Are there any questions, before I start the contest?' Marija enquired.
Asma hesitated then said, "Why are there no Sudanese present in our group when there are so many attending the University and performing below us tonight?"
"A good question," Marija replied. "At present, our club is divided and facing a takeover by the Sudanese led by the Prime Beta, second only to me. They like to be known as The Dark Force and are nearly 100% Sudanese, though they have a recently obtained a new Pakistani champion. She was the member who took the mechanical donkey and was in action tonight with the mechanical dogs. They are having their separate initiation ceremony. I lead the True Believers who still maintain control of the club and who I hope you will join and support."
As Rubylynne ascended the steps to the stage the challenger Leonora made her move and lunged at the cleaner. The older Filipina tried to swat at Leonora's hands, but it was no use as she was forced across the stage up against the back wall.
"Bitch!" she shouted as Leonora sank her hands deep into her tangled mane of hair.
"Slut! Ow!" barked Leonora as her short, straight locks were pulled in retaliation. The two Filipinas tugged at each other's tresses as they stumbled away from the wall and fought centre stage. Hurling shouts and threats, Rubylynne and Leonora struggled and stained for ascendency. Rubylynne recovered from the surprise attack and grabbed the front of Leonora's pink tank top and ripped it apart.
"Bitch!" screamed Leonora, grabbing the front of Rubylynne's blacktop. Rubylynne knocked her hand down but found herself suddenly jerked sideways by a handful of hair. She winced and grimaced in pain as Leonora pulled out several long strands of her black locks. The Prime stumbled into Leonora and grabbed the front of her red bra.
"Nnnooo!" yelled Leonora, yanking her backward by the hair. Rubylynne lost her hold of the bra and wailed as she again as more strands of her hair from the back of her head were pulled out. Stumbling on their high heels and hampered by their tight skirts, Rubylynne and Leonora fell on top of the bed on the stage, knocking off two pillows before getting their balance again and getting off it and onto their feet.
"Bitch!" shouted Leonora, shaking Rubylynne's hair with one hand and grabbing a handful of exposed tit with the other.
"Oooww! My tit!" cried Rubylynne, jerking Leonora's head with her right hand as her left dropped to her opponent's right boob and squeezed. Leonora winced and closed her eyes as Rubylynne squeezed her smallish, round tit-flesh. Although both women measured 32A, Leonora's looked larger because of her slighter frame. Her younger tits were firmer, more lemon-shaped, and the areolae were a bit thicker and oblong-shaped and pointy when compared to the older Filipina.
"You bitch!" shouted Leonora in pain, pulling on Rubylynne's bra.
"Fuck you, bitch!" Rubylynne yelled back, driving Leonora backwards against the wall.
Leonora grunted upon impact, but still slung Rubylynne around by her hair and threw her shoulder-first into the wall. The two staggered off the wall, pulling hair and trying to stay on their high-heeled feet.
"Slut! Let go!" shouted Rubylynne, slapping Leonora across the cheek with her hand.
SMACK! Rubylynne's long fingers left their prints on Leonora's cheek as the younger Filipina stumbled back in her high heels, then fell on her arse. THUD! Rubylynne was also thrown off-balance, but unlike the single mom, she stayed on her feet by grabbing the bed mattress.
"Alright, you bitch," growled Leonora, on her arse, kicking away her shoes and yanking off her torn top. "You've really asked for it now."
Rubylynne stepped out of her heels and reached around to undo her tight, short, black miniskirt, "Let's get out of our clothes and really fight."
Marija interrupted their watching. "Normally a sexfight involves no physicality but we have found that it is in the Filipina genes and when two compete we allow them to let off some steam."
"Oh, how I've wanted this, prove I'm better than some slut mail-order bride who can't get a Filipino husband," screamed Rubylynne, getting up and unzipping the back of her skirt. "Bitch, I'm going to be Prime," Leonora spat back, pushing her skirt down her skinny, dark-skinned legs.
Kicking away their skirts, Rubylynne and Leonora lunged all-out, shouting and ready to beat each other up. Leonora blocked Rubylynne's pawing hands and gave her a solid slap on the right tit. Rubylynne groaned and clutched her stinging flesh. Leonora stepped back, and as the other Filipina pounced forward, the challenger ducked down and slung her left forearm into her belly.
"Ooommpphh!" grunted the Prime, folding over and clutching her belly. Leonora reached around Rubylynne's bent body and grabbed her by the back of her thong.
"Yeeeoooowww!" squealed Rubylynne as she wrapped her arms around Leonora's hips and drove her shoulder into her waist, forcing the younger Filipina against the wall. Leonora groaned as the back of her head bounced off it, but still, she kept pulling on Rubylynne's thong. Finally, it gave way, but a nude Rubylynne was now stretching Leonora's red thong as they spun towards the middle of the stage trying to tear it off.
Rubylynne screamed in triumph as she felt Leonora's thong tear from her hips. "You bitch! Shit!" swore Leonora, as she slung the nude Rubylynne towards the couch. Rubylynne toppled onto the couch with Leonora on top of her. Swearing, they both grabbed a handful of head hair with one hand as they went snatch searching with the other. Rubylynne's positioning was much worse. Her right leg was on the back of the sofa and Leonora's body was wedged between her legs, keeping the Prime's cunt open and more accessible. Rubylynne's hump was a bit darker and had typical sparse Filipina hair while Leonora's was shaven, and its lips were a little thicker and fatter. But inside, deep down where it really counts, both were tight, pink, wet and extremely wet. Seconds later Rubylynne felt a finger slide in her.
"You ever had your fuckin' uterus ripped out your fuckin' cunt, you fuckin' slut?" snarled Leonora in her ear as she worked her finger deeper inside.
"Have you, bitch?" asked Rubylynne, hips trembling as she fondled Leonora's pussy lips a few seconds before sliding her index finger in.
"Aaahhhh," moaned Leonora, laying her head on Rubylynne's shoulder as they both went past the knuckle in each other. Arching her lower back for greater penetration, Rubylynne groaned as they worked their fingers in and out, in and out.
"You're going to cum, you ugly hag," hissed Rubylynne, working another finger into Leonora's wet pussy.
"Eiighhhhhno, I'm just more woman, slut," gasped Leonora, running another finger over Rubylynne's hard clit.
"Aaahhhh," Rubylynne gasped. "I am going to win because I'm turning you on more, bitch. You'll cum 'for me, bitch," groaned Rubylynne, her hips tightening.
"Oh, I will finger you a new hole, slut," screamed Leonora, getting very wet herself. The two turned their faces together and flicked tongues and took each other on in a deep French kiss.
"Uuumm, uuumm, umm," moaned Rubylynne as her cunt was burning with three fingers now inside.
"Cum, you slut," gloated Leonora. "You can't stop, bitch." Rubylynne began rocking and fighting back her oncoming cum. Leonora tightened her cunt around Rubylynne's fucking fingers, slid her three fingers in deeper and used her thumb on her opponent's clit.
"Nooooooooooooooo! I'm cum... cum..cuuuuummmming" squealed Rubylynne as she soaked the cushions of the couch. Leonora was one up. For a few moments, they lay together panting; internally digesting what just went on. Rubylynne grabbed Leonora's hair and tried to arch her back. Their bellies moved as one as their bodies melded together in a slow grind. The two rocked back and forth before Rubylynne pulled Leonora off the couch by the hair. Their legs locked hip-to-ankle as they rolled across the floor, trying to control each other by their hair holds.
"Ahhhh, you bitch," wailed Leonora, feeling Rubylynne's cum wet snatch rubbing along the top of her thigh. Rubylynne grunted as Leonora's hot cunt wiggled against her thigh. Rolling back the other way, the couch stopped and held them on their sides. They both moaned in the other's mouth as they each worked on a tit and thigh fucked. Grinding down on each other's thigh, the two hissed insults and threats while tribbing and waging war with their tits and nipples. Rubylynne rolled onto Leonora's body and pinned her against the base of the couch. Leonora yanked back on Rubylynne's hair, but Rubylynne twisted Leonora's head into a neck-breaking position. Leonora let go immediately as Rubylynne released the dangerous pressure.
"Leonora groaned as her nipples were forced inwards and inverted by Rubylynne's and the clit tribbing by the Prime, who was in the superior position, had her terribly turned on. Inexorably and relentlessly the Prime bought the sobbing Filipina to her first orgasm. The score was one each, but the winner needed to draw 2 successive cums.
The two continued their tribbing. "Aaahhh Unghhhhhhh," moaned Leonora, her pussy about to explode, knowing her next cum would give Rubylynne victory. The two Filipinas were locked together, their hips pumping as they they drenched each other's thigh in love juice. Rubylynne came first, followed almost immediately by Leonora, and they both had cum hard. For the next couple of minutes, the two lay on their backs next to each other panting, Leonora relieved to avoid defeat, Rubylynne annoyed to miss out by such a short margin.
Raising themselves to their knees, Rubylynne and Leonora placed one hand around the neck of the other, their other hand found their opponent's box and they pressed tits together. As they sex fought, they spread their legs a little wider for greater stability. Rubylynne was finger fucking Leonora's quim fiercely as they threw their shoulders together, causing their dangling tits to slap nipples. Holding each other tightly, they raised themselves fully on their knees, throwing back their heads as their tits completely crushed together.
"Uuuuuummmmm!" groaned Rubylynne, as three fingers invaded her slit.
"Oooohhh! Ooohhh!" Leonora moaned, as she took on a couple of guests to her own pussy. They fell to the floor and lay shoulder-to-shoulder as they finger fucked. Like two machines their two fingers plunged in and out, driving deep and hard making each other even wetter and more aroused.
"Oh! Oh! Oh! You...you...Oooooooooooooohhhhhhh!!!" yelled Rubylynne, cumming very hard and enabling Leonora again to avoid defeat. Leonora was nearly there too as her hips shook but her pussy squeezed the pounding fingers releasing some sexual pressure and avoiding two cums in a row and defeat. Shoving Leonora over on her back, Rubylynne straddled over her and continued her frenzied finger work.
"No...noooooooooooooooo..." wailed Leonora, on her back and waving her arms as she couldn't stop Rubylynne finger her out to a strong orgasm. Now the Prime just needed to force the next cum to win.
"Aaaahhh! Bitch...you...bitch!" cried Rubylynne, her nipple both sucked and firmly nibbled by sharp teeth. "Oohh ssttop! Sssttop! I... I'm... cuuuuuuumming!!!"
Rubylynne quaked out another cum, and Leonora rolled off exhausted but still in the match as Leonora lay on her back gasping and clutching her cunt. Leonora quickly straddled her cunt to cunt. Lifting Rubylynne's left leg up and holding it, Leonora saddled her pussy into the Prime's slit and fucked her pony style. She was going to make the Prime cum again and win.
The referee's voice boomed over the sound system, "Forty-five minutes have passed. We revert to a new start with three consecutive cums, not two, needed to win."
Robbed of a win by the time limit Lenora shouted, "I'm going to fuck your guts out, bitch!" She settled down to ride the losing Prime to defeat. Rubylynne howled and moaned as her pussy budded open and allowed Leonora's clit to drive down and was soon forced to pull her hair and pinch her areolae to distract her arousal. Grunting and groaning Leonora and Rubylynne waged war with their clits as their cunts spread out and fought each other.
"Oh! Oh! Uuuumm! Oh! Uuuummm!" wailed Rubylynne as Leonora's clit was up in her hood and fucking the shit out of her clit.
"Cum, you fuckin' bitch, cum!!" shouted Leonora, fucking and flexing her cunt and clit into total control of the other Filipina.
Leonora felt Rubylynne's pussy meld against hers. Rubylynne gasped as her cum spurted and ran down her crack and across her brown bunghole. She had cum and was within two successive cums of losing. Mad, determined, and winning, Leonora didn't let up as she yanked the Prime up by the hair and then slid around behind her. Now sitting on her arse, Leonora snaked her legs around Rubylynne's waist from behind and then gave her a reach-around. Only one of them was now arousing the other.
"Oh, oh, oh...fuck," screamed Rubylynne, her guts squeezed, and her sex fingered. Leonora swore in her ear as she slipped her fingers in and worked over her clit with her palm. Rubylynne's arse bounced on the floor as she was quickly brought to a soul-destroying crushing climax. She was within 1 cum of losing her Prime status.
"Uuuunnngggg! Aaaammmpphh!" moaned Rubylynne, scratching at Leonora's thighs. Leonora winced as her flesh was raked by Rubylynne's nails. Unlocking her legs, she fell to her backside and Rubylynne quickly turned around and dropped on top of her. Grabbing each other's hair, their legs coiled up as they went into a series of rolls until this time Rubylynne came out on top.
"Unghhhh, you bitch," she groaned as Leonora tugged on her hair. "Let's see how you liked getting fucked." With their cunts already touching, Rubylynne pushed hers down as Leonora's slid hers up. Still split and spread, their soft folds moulded into place and their clits emerged and fenced. Leonora gasped as Rubylynne's clit turned hers over and bullied it underneath her hood.
"Uuuuummm," groaned the younger Filipina, trying to get her legs around the cleaner's grinding buttocks but Rubylynne's legs held strong and squeezed hers back into place, open and flat to the floor. Their cunts knotted as Rubylynne sealed lips with her younger challenger in a long French kiss. Their wet tongues rolled, and they both moaned as their clits did likewise in the confines of Leonora's dripping hood. Tit-to-tit their nipples battled, both twisting and inverting each other's time and again as their cunts grew hot and wet with snatch juice.
"Cum, bitch," moaned Rubylynne, running her hand between their bodies and finding Leonora's left nipple.
"Ooooww," winced Leonora, totally turned on by this extra pain, and tried to treat Rubylynne's right nipple to the same agonizing pleasure. Rubylynne's tight buttocks flinched as she suddenly thrust downward and drove her clit high against Leonora's.
"Uuuunnggg!" groaned Leonora, her body shaking out of control. Rubylynne felt the wave of the younger Filipina's cum rush across her elongated sex horn. It made her cum, but not as hard as Leonora had cum. And she struck again, her clit forcing another cum from the younger Filipina. Leonora now needed three, Rubylynne two for victory.
"So easy," hissed Rubylynne, pulling her dripping pussy off Leonora's completely soaked snatch. Yanking Leonora sideways, Rubylynne pulled the challenger's chest between her thighs and clamped down. Leonora groaned as her tits spread out beneath Rubylynne's chunky thighs, and she could feel pussy juice running down her tit and over her ribs. Rubylynne, flexed her legs around Leonora's torso immobilising her and slipping two fingers into her opponent's spread, wide open honey hole.
"Oooooh, bitch...noooo," wailed Leonora, arching her back as her cunt took in two deep, penetrating fingers. The aroma of Leonora's cunt swirled around Rubylynne's head. She breathed in deep as though it were a flower in blossom. Watching her fingers slither in and out of Leonora's cunt, Rubylynne's eyes glistened at the sight of Leonora's pink, wet inner fuck tunnel and hard, pointy clit responding to her fingerwork.
"Uuuuummmmm!! Ooooooohhhhh!! Mmmmmmmm!!!" Leonora orgasmed as Rubylynne pinched her clit and gave it a finger twirling. She only needed one more to retain her Primeship. Looking to put an end to it, Rubylynne unlocked her legs and pushed Leonora over on her belly. Getting to her knees, Rubylynne grabbed her by the back of the hair with both hands and pulled her face up off the floor. She wanted to look in her eyes as she defeated her.
"I'm going to settle this once and for all, bitch," boasted Leonora, sitting on the floor and parting her legs. Scissor up."
Leaning back on their hands, Rubylynne and Leonora draped their legs one across the other and squared up their hips. Aiming their cum soaked twats at each other, Rubylynne and Leonora plunged forward and smacked their juicy lips together. Leonora shuddered as their lips spread open and locked together but refused to give in. Rolling their hips counter clockwise. They tribbed and their pussy lips lapped and took turns sucking each other's into the cave formed by their joined cunts and then using their folds to squeeze.
"My pussy is going to fuck your pussy raw as I win," Rubylynne boasted, watching as her pussy and Leonora's pussy fought. As they ground their cunts their sex horns emerged fully visible as they engaged. Both Filipinas threw back their heads and moaned as their stiff, wet clits locked and fought. Back and forth beneath their hoods their love buds slashed and flicked. Both Filipinas were close to cumming.
"You are going to cum and lose, bitch?" growled Rubylynne, gritting her teeth and shoving her middle finger between their grinding pussies.
"Unnnghh," moaned Leonora, "You cum," she said, bringing her middle finger into the action also. Rubylynne and Leonora were nearly out to it, but still their pussies fucked, and their clits were fingered. Rubylynne moaned and her tits started to shake. As their pussies squirmed, she screamed first, and her orgasm blew juice straight up in the air and Leonora came almost immediately after. But she had saved the day. Rubylynne needed two in a row but she needed three.
"BITCH!" yelled Rubylynne, slapping Leonora across the face
.
"SLUT!" Leonora shouted, slapping Rubylynne right back. Rubylynne fell backwards and Leonora dove on top of her. Instantly they filled their hands with all the hair they could pull. Over and over, they rolled; pain from their tresses and sparks between their legs. Grabbing a handful of tit each, they brought each other to tears. Finally, Leonora managed to roll on top and started fucking Rubylynne. Pulling Rubylynne's hand off her tit, Leonora interlaced her fingers with hers and pinned that arm to the floor.
Leonora rolled her tits and nipples against Rubylynne's tits and nipples as their legs locked up and their cunts opened. Grinding against her, Leonora speared her clit into Rubylynne's pussy, and the two hard sex organs locked up again and fought the final battle. The two Filipinas dug their fingernails into each other's back as they hugged each other tightly around the neck with their other arm. Moaning in arousal, Rubylynne jacked her legs as high as she could around Leonora's ribs as Leonora spread her legs as wide as they could go.
Leonora thrust and drove the older Filipina's clit back into its hood. Rubylynne poured all she had through her legs. Squeezing Leonora's guts out, she kept Leonora's pussy firmly squared on hers as her clit fought back attempting to make Leonora's clit cum. Leonora smashed back with her tits and nipples and pounded like hell with her hips. Her clit continued to drive and drive into Rubylynne's hood, fighting to make the Prime's clit submit and cum. Both could feel it coming. Gnashing their teeth and squinting their eyes, Rubylynne and Leonora fought the battle of their lives.
"Oooooooooooooo!!! Ooooooooooooooooooo!!" screamed Rubylynne.
"Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmm!!" wailed Leonora as their pre cum juices splashed and squirted out between their arses.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!" squealed Rubylynne.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!" Leonora moaned back.
"Uuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnngggggggggggggggg!!!!" Rubylynne shrieked as she blew, squirting her cum into the younger Filipina.
"Yeeesssss," screeched Leonora sensing weakness.
"Uuuunnnnnnnnnnnggggggg!!!! Uuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnggggg!!!!" grunted Rubylynne, cumming again, her second in a row. Ruthlessly the younger Filipina raked her clit against that of the Prime. She was rewarded by a flood of cum from Rubylynne; her third in a row and victory to the younger challenger.
"Oooooooooooooooooooooo!!! Yeeeeeeeeeeesssssssss!!!" Leonora's cunt spat her victory cum into Rubylynne's pussy, but she didn't stop fucking the Prime. Rubylynne grunted again as if she were taking a big shit. She shot nothing. Her pussy was drained and dry heaving.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuck! Yeeeeeeeeeesssssssss! Yeeeesss!!" Leonora cried in glee, still firing off her victory woman cream, "I drained you dry, you bitch."
Rubylynne went limp, her legs around Leonora's were draped and limp like a pair of wet ropes. She lay flat on her back on the floor; wet and sticky from all the cum she was lying in and Leonora's victory cum which was still draining out of her pussy and down her crack. Leonora rolled off her and stood. From her tits with their hard aroused nipples to her knees she was covered with cum and sweat. She took out her ruby stud signifying her elite ranking, threw it on the beaten Rubylynne's body and held out her hand. A weeping Rubylynne took off her diamond stud and gold M and placed them, along with her broken dream, in the younger Filipina's hand.