"HENRY? WE'RE HOME."
Josie McKellen led her daughters through the front door of their home as if pack mules, three large bags of clothing each in tow. Tossing her own bags on the sofa Josie motioned her twins to take their dresses upstairs. Kicking her heels off to walk barefoot Josie felt like a cool drink so departed for the kitchen. Upon leaving carpet for the tile of the kitchen floor her feet stepped into a mass of stickiness.
"What in the world?" Grimacing at it she set aside her drink necessity and broke out her mop to clean the floor. If she only knew that she was cleaning up the cum and juices from a certain Tessa Harper and her best friend Svetlana, not to mention Henry's jizz, she might bitch. Not once did she think it might be any such thing. Once clean she put her mop away and grabbed a bottle of apple juice pouring a glass. Reflecting on her day all she could do was smile. Piper Cherry was the next best thing to Henry.
"Where is Hubby?" She escaped her stroll through memory lane and prowled the main level. Finding him in his office working diligently on his video game Frisque she stepped in behind him and gave him a hug with one arm, "You're busy. Did Tessa come by like you said?"
"Yeah! We got quite a bit done actually. She brought her roommate along, Russian cutie named Svetlana."
"Ah! Sure, she's not a spy stealing your RPG secrets?"
"Naaa! Cute kid though. Older than Tessa I think but looks younger. Anyways, we figured out a way to spice the game up so I'm redesigning the first episode for a reboot. Yes, I know Emma there looks like Piper."
"I see that. I'm fine with it. That might make me want to play the game more often." She encourages him to turn in his seat so that she can sit in his lap, "Henry? I love you. I've come to accept anything you do from here on out. I might get a teensy bit jealous, but I will get over it fast."
"Same here. How's Roman?"
"We talked a bit and I explained that you and I are tighter than ever."
"That I'm good he bends you over now and then?"
"Pretty much every morning and after school." She admitted with a gnash of teeth.
"Long as you know your home is with me."
"God, I worship you." She kisses him hard on the lips almost spilling her juice.
"You better. For better or worse, right?"
"I vow. Ummm! Before you see the credit card bill, I spent over $500 for clothes. Piper convinced me that our beautiful daughters needed an adult jumpstart. They are adults now, even though I don't want to let them be. Do you think its time for that talk with them?"
"Maybe! Lot of money there, birthday presents early?" A negative reaction shot that down, "I guess I better work twice as hard on Frisque. Tessa pointed out something earlier about us."
"Oh?"
"Yep! Seeing as you and I are altering our beliefs and being openminded, she thinks we should spice things up."
"I'm liking Tessa more and more. Can I tell you what Piper and I did?"
"No secrets ever again. By the way, I fucked both Tessa and Svetlana while you were gone."
"Kitchen floor?" She immediately connected dots.
"Here in my office too. You won't believe this, but I fucked Tessa in front of our neighbor Darren right there in that window." He casts a thumb behind him.
"Well now!" She recalled the time that she streaked home from Piper's and teased Darren, "How did Darren react?"
"All in, Lindsey was grocery shopping. Svetlana even blew him while he was watching me and Tessa. Pretty awesome, sure got the juices flowing for my game."
"How does Tessa rate? I want to be more open too. You better bring that back home Buddy."
"Bet on it. Sorry I cut you off, what did you and Piper do?"
"So glad you asked. She and I went behind some bushes at Cumberland Park and made lust. God, I love her tongue. She ate me in a dressing room too with two young men watching. I was so wet. I of course returned the favor. A couple of young men watched us, we left our curtain open a bit."
"Nice! Where were the girls?"
"Looking for dresses. They didn't see us. Well, they kind of caught us in the bushes but only heard us. We had a small audience listening on the path. I believe 8 men. We should do that sometime."
"Sounds fun. Ready when you are."
"Are we crazy Henry?"
"Yep! Loony tunes. Beep! Beep!" He pinches her nipples through her dress. Eyes flaring, she kissed him even harder. Straddling his lap she lifts her skirt for comfort, arms wrapped around his neck.
"Roderunner?" A hop over his crotch hit home fast. "Mmm! Can I request something of you Henry?"
"Sure!"
"Let me inspire you to create some really steamy scenes for Frisque."
"You already do. I'm making a lot of changes in the game to somewhat mimic our new life. Don't be mad but in the game, I switched you to an ex-wife. Emma is Mark's new girlfriend... Piper that is."
"I suppose I deserve being demoted. I'm fine with that, just... have your male character visit the ex-pretty often."
"Deal! Tessa seems to think nothing should be sacred in Frisque. What's your thoughts on that?"
"Meaning?"
"Sadly, she even suggested incest with his daughters. Game only." He emphasized before she could react. "That's a little too close to home in my mind."
"It is. The girls have no idea what you're working on so do whatever makes us rich. I'm going to keep an open mind concerning your RPG."
"Input noted. I'm not saying I will."
A knock on the office door makes them jump, Henry reaching over to downsize his monitor screen to avoid prying eyes. "Dakota? What do you need?"
"Someone to zip me up." She wore a new dress, a very short dress with no shoulder straps and rather loose up top. Cleavage expressed, her breasts sharing peeks of side boob due to being unzipped, she shuffles into the office behind Josie then turns her back to her. The entire backside was wide open to a fleshy visual from neck to butt crack. Josie peaked a brow at her daughters' sudden boldness.
"Why didn't you ask Sable?" Henry asked, swallowing a bit at seeing so much skin. It brought back images of her dropping her towel and of the day they wrestled. Right beneath Josie his dick grew substantially. Josie felt it rise and looked directly at her husband with curiosity. Jealousy?
"Sable locked her bedroom door and wouldn't answer me, so I came down here." Masturbating! "Someone please zip me up."
"I got it. You just hold on to me tight Mrs. McKellen." He leaned forward making Josie have to hold on tighter to avoid falling back into Dakota. His hands free he stretches to zip her up, Dakota bending at the knee to assist him, that made her side Boob swell even more noticeable. Once done she stood up and did a 360 for them.
"I like this dress. Thank you for buying it for me mom." She pecked Josie on the cheek.
"You wanted adults." He winked at Josie. "I think we've found one."
"Give us a minute Dakota. I'll start dinner in a bit, seeing as we didn't eat lunch as planned."
"Hamburger Helper?" At her request Henry immediately thought of the scribbled name Angus in her notebook, chuckling in thought he recalled the old commercial jingle of, "Where's the beef." It was obvious to him the dress was for Angus. Lucky fella.
Walking away Dakota waited until she reached the door to add, "Love you daddy."
"Love you to Kota Lou." She wrinkled her nose at his nickname, he hadn't called her that in a good long while. Off she went back upstairs for her bedroom. Josie scowled but brightened up quickly now that she had her man alone again.
"You got harder just now."
"All you Baby." He lied.
"Mmm! We could fuck on the kitchen floor while I simmer the ground beef. She did request a helper."
"Her or you?"
"I guess that did sound crisscrossed, didn't it? Me, definitely me."
"Five minutes?" He winked.
"What?" She tilted her head inquisitively. Reaching down between her thighs he unzips his fly and digs out his revived monster. "Oh! Six minutes is even better." With no panties on it was an easy mount. Pausing in her gyrations on his cock she looks at the window facing Darren's house. Being open still she spotted Darren looking their way. Now that he had taken part in things Darren was glued to that window, Lindsey doing laundry. Eyebrow lifting with a bit of mischief she smirks at Henry, "Up Simba." She hinted. Henry taking the hint picked her up and faced her ass against the glass and tugged her dress up to her waist. Darren could see Henry's cock moving in and out of Josie.
Their neighbor's reaction going unnoticed this time as the loving couple passionately kissed, Darren really wished his own love life was better. With Lindsey overweight and her sex drive diminished all they truly had was a love for one another. It was to the point he was even afraid to jerk off around her. Divorce not even in his thoughts, he just needed to find something more than she was offering. Cheating was already implemented thanks to Svetlana Goboldsky earlier. Seeing Josie, a second time like this only added to his frustration. Fearing Lindsey might walk in on him Darren skipped touching himself. Dammit!
"Yes, Henry." Josie's plea for faster sparked further conversation, "Do things like this with me every day. Push me. Show me off."
"Done!" He nailed her a good eight minutes, so much for six. Nutting inside his wife he held her suspended in midair and just kissed. Without looking back at Darren, they ended their lovemaking and Josie went off to make dinner. Henry? He needed to clean up again. Gameboards turned off he headed upstairs.
Minutes earlier Dakota had returned to her bedroom shuffling about when her own toes tangled up in her discarded panties. Looking down she winced, "Wait a second." She looked from her toes to the foot of her bed, "I took my panties off behind my bed. Why are they over here to the side? I know I didn't step on them when I got back home. Only Daddy and Tessa were here." She didn't know of Svetlana yet.
"Did...?" Her eyes bulged as she heard loud footsteps coming up the stairway. Knowing it was her father by his humming Dakota nibbled a fingernail planning a next move by dropping to her knees to act as if searching for something under her bed. With her bedroom door wide open and her parents room directly across the hall she held her breath hoping Henry might look in on her. Chest touching the carpet, ass in the air she posed without panties on for Henry, should he snoop. Hearing his feet stop shuffling she just dug around blindly keeping her pose.
In the hallway Henry halted, peering in to see her bare bottom, clam winking, pucker blowing kisses directly at him. Swallowing dryly, he cleared his throat, "Lose something Punky?" He truly hoped it wasn't her virginity, that Angus guy had him worried.
"I dropped an earring. It rolled under my bed."
"Ah! Need help?"
"If you want to." She bit her lip shaking at the fact he was looking at her private parts and wasn't turning away. It made her sweaty in all the wrong places. Pussy wet and obvious!
"Are you sure it's under the bed?" He stepped right behind her and lowered to his knees. It was impossible not to look at her beautiful ass. That glistening cunt was just... he had to look away and feel shame. That body was Josie almost twenty years ago. Hell, even know it was nearly identical. His daughters favored their mother in appearance. Yeah, he looked again.
"I think so." She felt him drop to the carpet then move from behind her to beside her. Placing a hand on her lower back mere inches from her upraised skirts hemline, she whimpered slightly, then panicked. Hopping to her feet she said, "FOUND IT!" She then feigned putting it in, an already existing earring gone unnoticed by Henry before showing it off, "I bought these at Out Skirts. Aren't they cute daddy?"
"Cute as a butt... on." Even he shied off now trying to hide his erection still favorably tilting high. He knew he needed to get out of there before she saw his hard on peaking. Before he could back away, she threw herself into a tight hug around his waist. She felt his cock along her tummy but said nothing. "Are you okay Punky?"
"Yes! I'm sorry daddy."
"For what?"
"I know you saw me just now. It was wrong of me. I'm not wearing panties."
"Yeah! I saw that." He sighed heavily, "It probably was."
"You can spank me if you need to. I know I deserve it."
"Somehow I think that's more of a request than embracing a red ass as punishment. Look, you're an adult now. Your mom and I both agree we can't treat you and your sister like kids anymore. Do your thing Kota. If you want to go without underwear that's your business just... maybe don't let your mom, see you assuming the position like that. Especially in front of me."
"Position?" She seemed naïve.
"Nothing. Try not to do things like that around us, okay?"
"Okay daddy."
"Oh!" He points at her panties on the floor, "If those are dirty put them in the laundry."
"I will." She left his waist and bent over to pick them up, again he saw her cheeks. She knew, she grinned, "Sorry again."
"Uh huh!" He left it at that. So did she.
Her turn to masturbate.
**********
Next door at Piper Cherry's...
"God, it feels good to get out of that dress." She had put all of her new outfits away in her closet before deciding to get comfortable. Looking out her bedroom window she saw her nephew Mace walking out by the pool as she stripped her dress off. He was distracted on his cell talking to someone, his back to her, her dog Rotten running rampant around the pools edge.
Squeezing her tits she frowned, "I hate this having to wear clothes in my own home. I adore having Mace here but darn it I want my freedom. I can't just walk nude in front of him." Huffing her cheeks at pent up anxiety she goes to her dresser to find some shorts. Still being 85 degrees in the evening she hissed, "Dammit!"
Forgoing shorts she prowled to her closet again and located a pink tank top with wide open sides down to her waist. "I love this tank, but my tits are barely hidden, hemline goes past my hoohaw at least. Comfy is the word. I suppose I just need to talk to Mace about my house rules."
Sighing she pins her blond hair up into a ponytail that offered a luscious neckline. Hearing Mace come in through the French doors and leaving Rotten outside she exhaled loudly, "Just do it Pipes." Leaving her bedroom, she found Mace in the kitchen pouring tea into a glass. Seeing her he tries to ignore her as best he could.
"Mom says hi." He spoke up, "She drove up to Raleigh North Carolina to see Monet off and meet her teachers. God help them all." He jested making fun of seminary school.
"Not funny. Probably true though. Mace we need to talk."
"Uh oh! You're making me go back to Atlanta, aren't you?"
"NO! No, not at all, it's nice having you here."
"Awesome, I love it in Nashville. The McKellen's are great." So were those cute sixteen-year old's he tapped in Piper's SUV earlier.
"Getting friendly with the twins?"
"Chummy, nothing serious." He kept a few secrets, namely the fact he and they had gotten a bit handsy in her SUV on the way home. That and the secret pics they shared. "So, what's up?"
"A couple of things. I start at Horton-Dexter in the morning and that means leaving you alone all day long. The girls will be in school, the McKellen's working. Any thoughts on what you might do while we're all gone?"
"Work on my tan. Swim. Watch movies. Please get cable."
"I'll call them from work and set it up. You can be here to let them install the boxes. Any requests? HBO? MAX? ESPN package? Disney +? Amazon Prime?"
"Free Porn."
"You can do that on the computer when I get internet. Do it when I'm not around please. Which brings up my other issue..."
"You look nervous."
"I'm not nervous. Trust me, I'm not afraid of anything."
"Just say it Aunt Piper."
"I need to feel free in my own home Mace."
"Ummm! That tank top makes you look pretty free to me."
"Mace? If I were home alone this tank would still be hanging up. I normally live naked at home. Even when I was with Davon."
"I'm not stopping you."
"It just... feels wrong letting you see me. The other day when you arrived here I was caught off guard. So was Josie for that matter."
"She looked pretty okay my seeing her."
"Of course, she did. Josie's... a nympho. On that note I forbid you to try anything. I've already put my foot down with her."
"All good. She's too old for me anyway." Piper wasn't buying it.
"You were going through my DVD's and found the Graduate last night. It's about an older female teacher seducing a young man. Do I need to read between the lines?"
"Nope! I haven't watched it yet. Probably before bed though."
"Great. You know what... I can't do this. I'll keep my clothes on."
"Suit yourself it's your house Aunt Piper. I'm cool with whatever you decide."
"Right! Order pizza if you want. There's a card on the fridge for Grub Hub, ask for Jesse Manley he's my delivery guy. His dad is the Principal at Horton-Dexter. Who knows maybe you can make a friend, someone to hang out with."
"That works."
"Can you keep Rotten busy while I relax?"
"I fed him already. He's fine outside, the sun is going down anyway."
"Plenty of water?"
"A whole swimming pool."
"There's chlorine in there Mace."
"Oh yeah." He chuckles, "Relax I got him. Fresh water in here and out there."
"Thank you. Give me a hug." She lures him in with awaiting arms. Easing into her he runs his arms behind the inside of her tank top and rubs her bare back. It felt nice even if it tensed her a bit. His face in her neckline seemed too intimate and she tilted her head into his to dissuade him. He backed off without any argument. "You need to shave young man."
"Tickle your neck?"
"Yep! I'm going to close my bedroom door so I can get comfy. Please knock first if you need me. Privacy, okay?"
"Quiet as a mouse."
"You, maybe." She giggled and turned away, her lower definition of butt cheeks dancing all the way to her bedroom. He could only imagine their dance partners, her breasts, doing the same. As her door closed Mace gave her less than a minute before he stepped to her security monitor and slyly activated the camera feed to her bedroom camera. Although in black and white he still observed her taking her tank top off and crawl into bed. Retrieving her toy Bodzilla he and she enjoyed a lengthy battle with him. Using both hands to destroy her cunt she screamed time and time again. Alone time was well deserved. She needed cock after so much pussy of late. Rubber cock or not. Not used to cameras in her new home yet she forgot them completely.
Was it bad that Mace jerked off during her battle? Was it even worse that his cell recorded her fucking herself? He should have just gone outside and watched her through the window, but she would have seen him and stopped. This was a much sneakier way around it, same results. Later Piper would find her own hallway floor sticky. It was becoming a fad.
********
Back at the McKellen's, as the sun went down the family finished their supper. While sitting at the table Henry cleared it, leaving Josie and the girls to themselves.
"Okay! Let's talk."
"About what?" Dakota was worried her father had spilled his guts over her bedroom antics.
"Sable? Put your cell down."
"Sorry! Just texting Travis. He likes my new wardrobe I gave him a fashion show."
"Over your text?"
Sable grits her teeth, "No. From my bedroom window. I was dressed every time I swear." Josie knew she was lying but just shook her head. It was possible, the girl was shy compared to her sister.
"Just..." Josie found her thoughts unable to be voiced. Finally with both girls staring at her she clams up and pats the dinner table. "Okay! Good talk."
"She's trying to tell you girls that it's okay you grow up and act like women." Their father returns standing behind Josie squeezing her shoulders. It felt good so she patted his knuckles to continue. "Two weeks, less than two now. Close enough to make your own decisions. All we ask is that neither of you two get into trouble."
"Trouble how?" Sable looked confused.
"Pregnant silly." Dakota rolls her eyes, "This is the talk I think."
"We've never done that, have we?" Henry chuckles, "No. My gut says you ladies know everything already. Sex Ed at school and all, just... think before you act."
"We will." Dakota sheepishly grinned at Henry, his dick twitching in her gaze. Luckily there was a chair back between he and Josie. "Are we allowed to wear some of our new dresses to school if Principal Manley allows us to every Wednesday?"
"As long as they're..." Like Piper, Henry palms his wife's mouth preventing her rules.
"Make your own decisions. As I... we said... think before you act."
"So awesome." Dakota danced in her seat.
"I'll let Travis choose what dress I wear Wednesday." Sable brightened up, "Thank you daddy."
"He's back in school now, right?"
"Yes! His first day back was Friday when Piper had her interview."
"Good for him. Tell him to straighten up and I might let him date you." Henry laughed removing his hand from Josie's lips.
"Okay daddy." She was thrilled with the idea. "Can I go text him now? Let him choose my dress?"
"You may." Josie caved. Joining her on her way upstairs Dakota shared in their newly minted adulthood. Stopping at the top of the stairs Dakota reached out and paused her sister.
"I'm not wearing panties to school." Dakota snickered. "Daddy told me I didn't have to wear them anymore. I think he wants me to show off."
"WHAT? Someone might lift your skirt."
"I'll be careful. I just want Angus to break up with Robin faster, knowing he can see this." She lifts her skirt in a twirl showing off her entire lower body. Sable in awe does the same, she was without panties too. After their ballet recital ended, they heard a throat clearing. Henry was at the bottom of the steps watching their bottomless dance, prepared to walk up. The twins bulged their eyes at being busted but instead of apologizing they blew their father a kiss and raced to their rooms.
"Created monsters I have." He spoke as if Yoda from Star Wars. The Star Wars reference prompted by Tessa Harper's t-shirt earlier. One thing he did know, with all of this tension brewing his wife was in for a whole lot of late-night action. Even if Josie was exhausted at work tomorrow, she was in for it. "God, I hope I can keep from jacking off until later. I need to refill the tank."
Young adults... he swore.
"No panties on either one of them."
Trying not to jerk off was never going to be easy again.
Yep! Dishes needed drying.
Back to the kitchen.