This is my first attempt at writing something like this. I welcome constructive criticism!
I hadn't lived in the city long. To be fair, I hadn't wanted to move in the first place, but when you get the kind of job offer I did, you don't say no.
My new company put me up in a hotel, until I could get my feet on the ground and find a place to stay. Turns out that's harder to do than I had thought. The only affordable things available were so far outside the city, that it would have added a few hours onto just the commute. After weeks of searching, the only option left was to look for someone to split the rent with. A roommate.
My past experiences with roommates hadn't gone well, so I was reluctant to repeat that experience. As the days went on, and my stay at the hotel was becoming more of a problem to the company, that was fast becoming the only option. Swallowing my pride, I started looking online.
At first glance there were some decent prospects, giving me hope. Yet each time those hopes crashed to the ground. There would be some reason that it wouldn't work. Some of my reasons were due to having no desire to live in what was essentially a closet, or living in a party house with a bunch of college kids. My desperation was growing. The company said that they would have to stop paying for my room at the hotel soon and I couldn't afford the rates they were charging on a long term basis. The stress began to effect my work. I needed something to take my mind off the whole thing.
Head in hands, I scanned some reports on my desk. My mind was mostly on the work but it kept wandering to my predicament. A knock came from my door, jolting me from my fugue state.
"Hey, you busy?" A coworker, Brian, stood in the now open door, pulling on his jacket, looking at me expectantly.
"Oh hey..." I replied, collecting my thoughts after having them scattered by this surprise visitor, "What was that you said?"
He took a few steps closer to my desk. "I asked if you were busy. Some of us are going out and wanted to see if you'd want to join us tonight?"
I glanced at the screen on my laptop and saw that it was almost six o'clock. I had been going over the same reports for the past few hours. "I really need to finish going over this stuff, so probably not."
Brian came over, perched on the edge of my desk, leaning over it so he could look at the reports in front of me. "Well that explains it, that's the Steinberg account. Thing's been going on for the past year. At this point we don't know if it's ever going to be finished." He closed the folder on my desk, sliding back towards me. "Come on. Looks like you need a drink." Standing up, he grabbed my coat off a chair in my office. " And everyone's curious about you." He gave me a conspiratorial grin, "I've got five bucks riding on you."
I looked at him, confused. My eyebrows going up. "You guys are betting on me?"
Still grinning, he held my coat out to me, tempting me. "Sure why not? Lot of new people come through here. Some stay for awhile, and some take off after a few months. So we made a game out of getting to know people quick and dirty. I've got five on where you went to college."
Head cocked to the side and with a bit of curiosity, I told him my alma mater, "Brown."
Brian's head fell back as he let out a groaning, "Fuuuuuck...Emily had Brown!"
Normally speaking I wasn't a super social person, but I really didn't know anyone here yet and the thought of some non-work conversation sounded great. I looked from Brian, who was focused on his phone now, to the files. I picked them up, stuffing them in a desk drawer. Standing up, I took my coat from him. "Screw it, yeah, I'll join you guys."
He smiled, pumping his fist in triumph. "Nice!" He turned back to his phone. "I'll let everyone know you're coming. That way they have time to get their cash ready."
On the way over I thought about how strange it felt being the subject of other people's conversation. I'd never really thought about it, but people had to talk about you when you weren't around at some point, especially when you're the new guy. It's not like I ceased to exist when others weren't around me. I just hadn't given it much thought before now.
We met the others a couple blocks over at a bar. Brain explained that it was their usual hangout for these kinds of things. as far as bars go, it wasn't anything special. dim lighting, boring but functional tables and chairs. A couple bartenders stood behind the bar taking orders, pouring drinks, wiping down the bar top, all the while looking annoyed to be there. Familiar songs came from the now digital jukebox on one wall. It felt nice to be in a place that felt like anywhere else in the country.
Brian and I were the last to arrive. Looking around the people gathered at the table I only recognized one face. Roxanne. Roxy, as I learned she preferred to be called, worked in the same department as Brian and me. She was wearing a dark grey pantsuit tonight. At first I had thought she was upper management. Mostly due to the confidence she exuded. It turned out, while she was my senior, we worked on essentially the same things.
Then there was Akoni and Emily who both worked in legal, Matteo from the filing department, and finally Tony. Tony didn't actually work at our company, but contracted with the IT department.
After introductions, Brian bought the first round. Once everyone had a drink, he made a show of paying Emily for the bet she had won while she gloated. As soon as money was exchanged, the rest began to bombard me with questions. Each answer brought an exchange of money. More drinks were bought and consumed as I was forced to share more and more about myself. Thankfully I grew more comfortable with each drink I had. There were loud cheers of approval when a bet was won, groans when one was lost. It was a good time I had to admit. It also felt kind of nice being the center of attention. It was like a birthday without all the pomp surrounding it.
As the night wore on Matteo, Tony, and Emily said their goodbyes, leaving Brian, Roxy, and I to continue drinking. They filled me in on all the office gossip for the company, who I needed to talk to about certain things and who to avoid at any company event.
I lost track of how much we had drank, when I finally looked down at my watch. It had become quite late. "Well shit, lost track of time. Looks like I need to be going I think."
Brian stood up and stretched. "Yeah, same. I'll catch you all later!" He gathered his things, waved, and left.
Standing up, I put on my coat. Checking to make sure I had all my belongings. "You sticking around, Roxy?"
She finished the last of her drink before plunking the empty bottle down on the table.  "Nope, that's it for me." Standing up, she smoothed out her pencil skirt. "Which way are you headed?" She asked, as she pulled on a long, high collared coat.
When I told her where my hotel was. She grimaced. "Oh god. That was the place they stuck you?" She cocked her head to one side in thought. "I guess it's better than paying the prices for anything closer." She walked over to the bar to pay her tab.
I walked up to do the same, pulling out my wallet, only to have Roxy push it away. "New guy doesn't pay. That's one of the rules."
"But you didn't win any money?" I was pleasantly surprised by her forwardness.
Roxy shrugged. "Eh, that's the way it goes sometimes. Besides, everyone's been buying your rounds all night. Not like I'm getting stiffed with the check."
She paid and turned to leave. "Come on. You can crash at my place tonight."
My stomach knotted up, immediately becoming nervous. "Uhh...thats ok, really. I'll just grab the train." I stammered out. We had only just met and we barely knew each other. I had never had a woman make the first move in this kind of situation before.
In a surprisingly aggressive move, she grabbed my arm and pulled me outside. "Shut up. I know what train you'd have to take and it sucks this time of night on a Friday." She walked outside and waved down a cab.
"My place is like fifteen minutes from here. It'll be way better than being crammed in with everyone else on the train." Was it just the drinks getting to me, or had she planned this? My mind spun with what was happening. I had never had a woman be that forward with me. It intimidating... and thrilling.
The beginnings of a polite protest formed on my lips, but her grip just tightened as she opened the back door to the car. "Hurry up, it's cold out!" I scooted across the seat as Roxy slid in beside me. She told the driver where to go and we were off. I marveled at how Roxy was wearing a pencil skirt and heels on such a cold night. She seemed completely comfortable as she crossed her legs towards me.
She hadn't been wrong. Her building was much closer. It would have been another half hour at least before I would have even gotten to my stop. Plus, it felt good to be in a warm, cab when it was so cold out.
Her apartment was on the fifth floor of her building. As we rode the elevator, Roxy filled me in on some of the good places to eat around the area, easing my mind. I almost forgot I was going to spend the night at a stranger's place. Let alone a woman like Roxy's apartment.
"Oh and don't trust the soup at Alfonso's. I've gotten sick from there twice now."
A shocked laugh burst from me. "Why would you go back?" I asked, incredulous, "And then order the same thing?"
She shrugged, smiling cheekily, her back against the wall of the elevator. "Sometimes you gotta roll the dice."
Once we got into her apartment she dumped her purse on a small end table near a closet. Leaning against the frame of the closet, she pulled her heels off and tossed them aside. Removing my own shoes, I placed them near the door rather than tossing them.
Looking around I was surprised by how large of an apartment she had. I had not expected that from her. As I moved around, checking things out, I observed that it was well-furnished and everything looked recently purchased. Roxy stood in the kitchen filling a large water bottle, which she handed to me. "Here, you can sleep on the couch. I'll get you a blanket." The way she said it had me taken aback. Was this just a game she played with everyone she brought back to her apartment?
My answer came a few minutes later Roxy came back with a large fluffy blanket and a pillow. "Here." She tossed them on the couch unceremoniously. "I'm going to bed now. Night." She trudged into her room and closed the door.
Letting out a slightly confused sigh, I removed my shirt and layed down on the couch. I was glad there was no pressure from her for anything else. This evening had turned out to be something entirely different and new for me. It was exciting.
The smell of bacon and coffee woke me. Sitting up on the couch, it took me a few seconds to get my bearings. As the previous nights events played out, I turned to see Roxy standing in her kitchen at the stove. Her hair was tied up in a messy bun, wearing what appeared to be an old t-shirt and some workout shorts. The stark casualness of it was surprisingly attractive. There was even a pang of guilt. Had I missed an opportunity the night before? No. We had both been drunk and it was never a great idea to sleep with your coworkers.
"Morning." I said, announcing that I was there. In case she had somehow forgotten. She turned, a piece of bacon sticking out of her mouth, greeting me with a muffled, "mornin". She scooped eggs off a pan onto two waiting plates. Each already containing a piece of toast and some bacon, before bringing me one. "Coffee's over there." She gestured towards the waiting pot and an empty mug.
We talked over breakfast. Each learning a little more about the other. She had grown up in another section of the city, the oldest of three. She had moved into her current apartment here a year prior. Her last roommate had recently gotten married and moved out.
"It's been rough trying to float the rent since she left. I keep trying to get someone in here but you would not believe the amount of creeps and weirdos out there!" She looked up from her plate, "Speaking of which. You find a place yet? Can't really stay at that hotel forever right?"
I shook my head. My shoulders sagged as my reality set back in. "Not yet. Everything's either super expensive, or crazy far away. I've been looking at getting a roommate to split something with but that's been just as hard, like you said."
She nodded in understanding. "Well if you don't mind rooming with a coworker, you could rent the other room here."
I choked on my coffee a little. Was she this forward with everything? I tried to play it off to not make it seem strange. "I mean...that would be cool. But you don't really know me? You cool with that? I could be some crazy serial killer..." I mimed pulling out a knife and stabbing someone.
She sipped on her coffee like it was a normal everyday thing. "Nah, it would be super unlikely to have two serial killers in the same house."
I stared at her across my plate. "How do you feel about knives?"
She stared back, "Love em. You cool with muffled screams?"
I took a bite of bacon, my eyes locked on hers. "I encourage it."
"Yeah, this is gonna be good. Alright, your share of the rent is due at the first of the month. It's $1,300 plus we split the utilities. You good with that?"
The price was a bit of a shock. I had to think about what I was making and was it worth it to live this close to work. Even at a quick calculation, the amount I'd save on the train would be worth it in the long run.
"I can do that."
Her mouth was full of bacon and toast as she gave me a thumbs up. "Awesome, well you can move in whenever." Standing up, she walked over to a drawer in the kitchen and took a ring with two keys out. Tossing it to me. "One is for the building, the other is for the front door. I'll get the sublet forms from the building manager for you to fill out. You clean up your own bloody messes and I'll be sure to rinse out the bathtub after I melt someone in it." She stuck her hand out.
"Deal." I narrowed my eyes and tried to do my best psycho voice. "I'll have them move the surgical equipment in on Friday."

Flopping down on the couch I let a deep sigh rush out. It had been a long day and I was looking forward to chilling out a bit in front of the tv. I had just finished my second glass of whiskey when the front door opened and Roxy stomped in. Looking at the clock on my phone I became confused. It was only eight.
"I thought you had a date tonight?"
Leaning against the wall, she pulled her shoes off, angrily tossing them in the closet. "I did."
My eyebrow went up as I sucked air through my clenched teeth. "That bad huh?"
Nodding, "that bad." She walked into the kitchen, grabbed two beers from the fridge and handed me one before falling into the couch herself.
"I really don't understand why you would straight up lie on your profile. Like, I'm going to have to meet you eventually." She took a long swig from her bottle. "Dude was in his late fifties! Which I'm not against, mind you."
"Gotta love a sugar daddy." I offered, taking a drink of the beer she handed me.
She pointed. "Exactly! Girl's got a lifestyle to afford. But how do you say you're 32, have a profile pic that looks like it. Then show up to our date looking like the damn crypt keeper!" She shook her head, taking a long pull on the bottle "Fucking bullshit!"
I chuckled. "He got you with that McDonalds ad trick."
"Fucking right! Why is it so hard to get a nice firm but fluffy bun between my hands?" She held her hands out in front of her, grasping an invisible burger.
I fought to swallow before I choked on my beer, "Are we still talking about hamburgers?"
A mischievous grin formed on her face. "What else would I be talking about?" She took another long drink. "And now I'm hungry."
I held up my phone. "I was gonna order some Chinese. You want in?" She nodded. "Get what you want. My treat tonight." I said, handing my phone over to her.
We both changed into some comfortable clothes, returning to the couch. We sat comparing our unique difficulties with dating in the current world. When both of our beers were empty, Roxy stood up. "You want another?"
I thought for a second "I'll have one yeah, but I have something else that might be good to go along with it." Jumping off the couch I went to my room, coming back with my stash box. I sat back down on the couch, the box in my lap.
Roxy, handed me a new beer, leaned over to get a better look at what I had brought out. Opening it up, I pulled out my pipe, a glass jar with several nugs inside, and my grinder.
She laughed and shoved my shoulder. "You've been holding out on me!"
Shrugging playfully, I went through the process of grinding and packing the glass pipe. "I wasn't holding out. I just wasn't sure if you smoked." She lounged back on the opposite side of the couch, smiling.
"Not regularly, but I'll get down when I can. Fair warning though, I can get a little weird when I'm high."
I let out a short laugh. "Don't we all?"
"Fair enough, just letting you know." Her voice hinted at something but I couldn't make it out.
Finished packing the bowl, I passed it to her with a lighter. We each took a couple hits and were just relaxing when the buzzer rang, announcing our food's arrival. My stomach growled in response. Eager to get eat.
The food was eaten quickly, with a brief battle over a spare egg roll that had found its way into our order. I eventually conceded letting Roxy have it. We ate our fill before putting the food away and starting to search for something to watch on tv.
We settled on a crappy B horror movie. It was easy to sit back, laughing and making fun of it in our inebriated state.
We finished the first movie and took a couple more hits off the pipe before selecting something else. It was some drama that Roxy said looked good. I had never heard of it but figured what the hell.
I quickly lost interest in the movie. It wasn't super great and the plot bored me. The actors and actresses were good looking and that was about its only saving grace. While I didn't enjoy it, I was pretty high and super relaxed by then, so I decided not to say anything since she seemed to be enjoying it.
About an hour into the movie, I noticed Roxy had begun to fidget. It wasn't anything too distracting, I just happened to notice it out of the corner of my eye and became curious. My focus went back to the movie. After a bit I noticed it happening again. Glancing over, I tried to see what was going on.
She sat with her left knee raised while her right was stretched out on the ottoman. One hand lay across her lap, while the other was resting between her legs.
She was just getting comfortable was my first thought. Before I could return my attention to the movie, I noticed her shift the arm in her lap. It began to caress the inside of her thighs. It had me intrigued.
Not trying to seem too interested in what she was doing, I adjusted myself so I could observe out of the corner of my eye.
As I watched, I saw that the other hand wasn't resting in her lap as I had thought. Her raised leg had blocked me from seeing it fully, but her hand was slipped beneath the waistband of the loose fitting shorts she wore.
My heart did a quick jump. Realization dawning on me. My eyes snapped back to the tv, trying to justify what I had seen. There was no way, I kept telling myself. Roxy and I had only been living together for about two months now. We got along great, but not that great! I admit, I did find her attractive. I doubt there was a single person that would say she was unattractive. It was just that I hadn't really thought about her in a sexual way up until that moment.
I took a deep breath, letting it out slowly, trying to collect my thoughts.
Normally when I have found myself alone in my own room, I would just fire up some videos on my laptop to use as inspiration, then it was over. That was how I figured most people handled themselves. Now here I was, sitting next to a woman on the couch, while she was possibly touching herself. It felt crazy to even think it. Not something I had ever imagined any of my former roommates doing. Not by a long stretch.
My mind reeled. What should I do? Leave and let her finish? Just ignore it? My palms started to sweat. The feelings of confusion I had became eclipsed by feelings of arousal in a very weird mix of emotions. Without turning my head I strained to confirm what was happening. Her shorts were moving a bit, but I still couldn't be sure.
Her other hand stopped rubbing her exposed thigh and slid under her shirt. Slowly moving up towards her chest. A soft sigh of satisfaction escape from her lips at her own touch.
My heart rate quickened. If it had just been a quick motion I would have probably chalked it up to her scratching, adjusting herself, or something along those lines. Instead what I saw was her hand grasping, squeezing gently at her ample chest beneath her shirt.
Despite my reserved thoughts, I felt myself grow stiff. The uncertainty that she could possibly be performing such an intimate act had my head spinning.
Taking a deep breath, I adjusted how I was sitting on the couch so that I was leaning away from her, mirroring her pose. My left hand supported my head on the arm of the couch while the other lay, trapped in my lap, hand over what had grown into a full erection.
I was transported back to being a young man. One who didn't fully understand what his body was doing at the time. Trying to hide unexpected hard-ons that seemed to just spring up without a thought, just as the bell rang or you were called up to the front of the class. Back then I had usually been wearing jeans and with a quick wave of my hand I could hide myself. I had thought myself a master of subtlety, tucking it up into my waistband until the blood drained back down. That was not the case tonight. I had changed into a pair of gym shorts that did little to nothing to hide what I was packing. Shifting around, I hid my erection behind my leg, hopefully out of view. I felt dirty for being turned on. Like I wasn't supposed to see. Or that I wasn't supposed to be there while she took care of herself. Why was she doing it then? She could have gone to her room or waited until I left. It wasn't like I was peeking through a cracked door to spy on her. So why was I feeling so anxious about the situation?
Part of me wondered if maybe I was meant to see. Thinking back to our first time hanging out at the bar with everyone else. I had thought she was the one picking me up with how forward she had been. Maybe that was just who she was. A woman who was straight forward and did what she wanted when she wanted.
My attention refocused to what was currently happening. Her eyes were still on the tv, but it didn't look like she was really watching. Occasionally her eyelids would flicker or start to roll back, the light from the tv reflecting off them.
The movie became background noise as I kept taking sideways glances at Roxy. Watching her hand, hidden by her shorts, move and shift, eliciting deep inhales and soft sighs.
With my leg hiding what I was doing, I began to tease hard cock through the thin fabric of my gym shorts.
Roxy's occasional fidget became a full on squirm as things progressed. Her eyelids fluttered closed and her breathing quickened. I sat there, running my fingers along the length of my shaft, taking in the sight of her hidden hands moving. Each movement bringing her ever closer to her goal.
With my focus elsewhere I hadn't really taken the time to think about it, but she had great legs. I remembered noticing them in the car on that cold night she brought me to her apartment. Her thighs were muscular, tapering down to well defined calves. I knew she went to the gym on a regular basis, but had never really seen the product of her efforts in such a stark way.
Slowly, she let the leg that had been hiding everything stretch out. Her hand was down under her waistband. The material of her shorts shifting with the motions underneath. Seeing my suspicions confirmed sent a jolt through my body. It felt unreal. Seeing her hand shift and move, coaxing a low moan from deep within her chest... it brought me to a new peak.
I couldn't believe how arousing it was, to watch a woman as beautiful as Roxy doing something so intimate. So private. It was even hotter that she wasn't hiding it anymore, or didn't care to hide it. The brazenness of it had me almost ready to explode.
I gave my hard cock a squeeze, feeling it pulse through my shorts. How far was she going to go?
How far was I wanting to go?
My heart stopped cold when I heard her moan in a low voice, "About time..."
I shifted in panic, my leg shooting out, exposing my erect cock sticking up through the thin fabric of my shorts. Turning my head I found her smiling at me as she wiggled her shorts off. "I was wondering when you'd get the hint, stupid."
Her words washed over me, wiping away the doubt and anxiety building in my mind.
She had wanted me to see.
My eyes traveled over her now exposed lower half. Rising in a 'V' from between her legs, was a contrasted tan line. It rose up and around the tops of her hips to disappear under her shirt. She probably wore one piece swimsuits I figured. Framed between muscular thighs a patch of dark pubic hair poked out, hiding just beyond the curve of her thigh. The hair was trimmed in such a way that it kept everything neat while still looking natural.
Slowly, she began to run her fingernails along her taut stomach and down her legs. Then back up when she hit the end of her reach. It took considerable effort, but I drew my gaze up into her eyes. The spark of desire in them was even more arousing than seeing her touch herself.
"I told you I get weird when I smoke." Her voice had dropped low. Like she was revealing a secret. One that only the two of us should ever know about. Her eyes shimmered as she lay back, only a shirt covering the rest of her.
My voice caught as I tried to speak. "I guess I didn't know what that really meant."
She laughed softly as she stopped running her hands along her expose body and stretched out. Her arms reaching up over her head, toes pointing outward, shirt lifting up to expose her stomach and abs. "I was worried I might have scared you off."
Shaking my head slowly, I took all of her in, watching her muscles stretch and shift. She let out a soft moan of satisfaction before releasing the stretch. With a smooth crossing of her arms, she grabbed the hem of her shirt and lifted it over her head.
Seeing her pulling the shirt off and tossing it behind the couch. My heart threatened to burst out of my chest. Laying there, fully clothed, looking at her naked form had me noticing how calm and in control she was. Her body radiated it. I felt like I was the one who was truly naked.
Around our office people talked about how intimidating she could be. She owned anything she did. That same confidence drew me to her tonight.
After recovering, I took the time to admire her body. Normally, I saw her in one of three things; her business attire, her pjs, or her workout clothes. All covered her to the point that I had never really seen how muscular she really was.
From her tan-line I could only assume that she swam on top of hitting the gym. The lighter skin of the tan became a guide to follow along the rest of her. I paused at her ample chest, observing how the color of the skin changed where her suit hid them. Her nipples were much darker, standing up unbidden. Looking away, I brought my eyes to hers. She was smiling.
"Enjoying the view?" Her voice was low, but playful. Sending a wave of desire through me.
"Very much so." I responded. Still feeling slightly dazed.
"Don't stop on my account." She said. Her eyes dropping down to my tented shorts. "I'm just here to relax and enjoy a movie." She relaxed back into the couch with a sigh. Her fingers wandering back down along and between her legs.
I had never been the athletic type. Not really playing sports outside of the occasional pickup game with friends. When I did make it to the gym, it was mostly out of guilt after a holiday or a particularly heavy weekend of drinking. It was hard not to feel a little self conscious sitting there next to Roxy.
Emboldened by her words, I began to lift my own shirt. When I looked down and saw my exposed my stomach, I almost dropped my shirt back down. Compared to her, I was a wad of cookie dough. A soft moan from her broke through my thoughts. Looking over I saw she was staring at my body, gently biting her lower lip. She had a look in her eyes that made my self conscious thoughts fall away. A simple look and I felt better about my body than I had in years. How was she doing that?
Before I could stop and second guess myself, I Finished the motion, pulling it over my head, and dropping it to the floor. Riding the same wave of confidence coming from Roxy, I quickly slipped my gym shorts down my less than tan legs. My now hard cock sprung away as the fabric pulled back.
Up until now, I had never sat on the couch bare assed before. Mostly because it wasn't mine and I just figured that would be disrespectful. With my shorts gone, I was completely exposed for Roxy to see. It was exhilarating to be sitting with a gorgeous woman next to me while we were both naked. Any and all of my insecurities about my body exposed and on display. Her scent washed over me as I breathed deep chasing away my doubts.
Laying back on the couch, my legs stretched out on the ottoman near hers. With my right hand I slowly stroked myself. I let my left hand drift up and down my leg. My fingers sending shivers up my thighs.
"Was this a common activity with all your roommates?" I asked, trying to calm my racing heart.
A calm throaty laugh rolling up as she shook her head. "No. I barely even drank or got high with any of my past roommates. Most of them were seeing people anyway. Never wanted to be seen as a home wrecker." She gave me a cheeky wink.
"Never thought I'd be happy to say I'm single!" I laughed nervously.
A lazy smile spread across her face. a calm silence fill the air as we both sat enjoying ourselves.
Roxy spoke first "Have you ever been able to really relax around someone like this?" Her voice was calm and steady. She was fully living in the moment.
I shook my head, recalling my past relationships. None of them were bad. They just never felt right. Here with Roxy though... I felt different. Just the two of us sitting on the couch, naked, felt right. Like a favorite pair of jeans.
Her breath caught for a moment as one of her fingers found their way between the folds of her pussy, pulling my attention back to the present. She looked down with smile of satisfaction. "God... I had been hoping I was gonna get fucked tonight. But this may be better..."
Her fingers traced along the skin of her inner thigh, stopping to rub around her clit, then back between the folds of her pussy. The movement of her fingers was hypnotic. There was nothing else in that moment. No work. No obligations. No rent. It all just fell away as I lay there next to Roxy. The only thing I could pay attention to was her fingers dancing across her skin. Punctuated by the sound of her moans, peaking every time her fingers slipped inside.
Her scent wafted over me, subtle and enticing. The perfume she had worn for her date was still there. Hinting at what the night could have possibly gone. It strained vainly against the musky scent of her sex. Showing the truth to how the night was playing out. My senses snapped and popped with each breath I took.
Turning her head she looked at me, her eyes burning with sultry desire. "Would you like to see more?"
She was the only thing I wanted to see.
Grabbing a pillow that had been thrown on the floor earlier, she propped it against the arm of the couch, shifting so that her back and head were supported by it. Her entire body was exposed to me now. One leg bent at the knee and resting against the back of the couch. The other stretched out towards me. Starting at the end of her foot, my gaze followed the path leading up her outstretched leg. Each inch adding to my desire for her.
Her left arm ran up and down her raised thigh, cresting up over her knee. While the other reached down, seeking its prize. I couldn't take my eyes off her wet, swollen labia as her fingers began to move over and around. Two of her fingers pinched at the hood of her clit, pressing down and rotating until she was moaning happily. Still not satisfied, her focus changed, fingers wandering down, pulling the lips of her pussy apart slightly to reveal the soft pink flesh between her folds. A soft moan escaped my lips, surprising me.
The sight and smell of her made me pause, gripping myself, feeling the hard pulse through the taught skin of my cock.
"You look incredible..." I breathed out, becoming lost in her.
A moan broke free from her lips as she pressed her fingers inside. The muscles and tendons stood out on the back of her hand moving as she bid her body to give her what she wanted. Her head fell back into the pillow behind her as she sank deeper into the rhythm. A loud pleasure filled groan issued from deep in her chest.
Her free hand touched and teased up her body as she squirmed closer and closer to her goal. Reaching back she grabbed the pillow behind her head and buried her face into the crook of it. biting the inside of her bicep, stifling a prolonged groan. Fingers involuntarily clutching at the pillow behind her head. The muscles in her arms flexed as her motions increased in speed and intensity. She was close to her goal and was demanding it now.
Her mouth opened with no sound, then closed on her bicep as she pressed her face into her own arm, teeth closing on the skin and muscle. A sharp intake of breath followed by a tensing of muscles across her entire being. Her legs stretched out, toes curling then flaring out. A powerful groan rushed out, dropping down low before rising into a teeth clenched growl as the orgasm rolled through her. Her fingers didn't stop until she gasped for breath.
Her face softened and her body relaxed as she lay back, breathing heavily. Her fingers retracted, their job now complete. Her face stayed pressed against her arm until she had recovered her breath, slowly descending from the heights of her climax. She let her hands wander across her body. Fingers softly tracing along her skin in an act of complete love and trust. Like a longtime lover holding their partner afterwards.
Her other hand came around to assist in the post orgasm care. They ran over her skin, following each curve and dip of her form. Both hands came to cup her breasts, giving them a playful squeeze. Eyes half open she looked at me.
"Fuck... that felt good..." she sighed a blissful smile spreading out.
Fully mesmerized by her, I hadn't realized that as she had climaxed, her foot had stretched out, pressing against my thigh. Her touch felt cool on my skin.
"And how are you feeling over there?" She teased, her eyes roaming over me as she basked in post orgasmic bliss.
I let out a breath I hadn't realized I had been holding.
"Me? I'm doing great. That was... quite the show." She was driving me absolutely insane. I wanted to touch her and taste her more than anything I had ever wanted in my life.
With slow sultry movements, she brought one hand up the side of her face. Her fingers splayed out, pinky rested on her lower lip. "Glad you liked it." She grinned playfully, before swinging her legs off the couch. "I think I need a drink though. Need to stay hydrated."
There was a pang of sadness at the loss of her touch.
As she stood, the loose braid she had her hair in, fell down, swinging between muscled shoulder blades. Entranced, I watched her stretch, the contraction of muscles along her back drawing me in. Rising up on her toes she flexed her legs, putting her ass on display in all its glory. It was full, round, and spoke to the many hours spent in the gym. It was a monument to her hard work and effort.
I imagined sinking my teeth into one of her cheeks. Biting into that firm bounciness. My hands cupping either side, face pressed into it.
With her stretch completed, she looked back at me over her shoulder. Catching my hungry gaze. She just smiled knowingly. "Need a break too it looks like?" Her eyebrows raised at my paused movements.
While I hadn't cum yet, I had to stop stroking. Partially because if I continued then it was over. The other reason, was that I been enraptured with looking at Roxy. Something I had never had happen before. Her body demanded respect and appreciation from me.
Nodding, I stood and stretched as well. My earlier trepidation at being naked around her having dwindled. "I don't see any reason to rush is all. Plus no one wants to start chafing"
She grimaced before walking into the kitchen. "Yeah, no one wants that."
With each step, her hips swayed. I wasn't sure who in her family had offered the sacrifice, or to which god, to get her that body, but in that moment I was happy that I was the one who got to benefit from it.
She caught me staring and flashed me a cheeky smirk. Turning to walk backwards, she filled each hand with her breasts. Using her fingers to bounce them. Each rise of her fingers caused them to jiggle and ripple. Her nipples were left erect after giving them a final playful tug as she turned back to continue into the kitchen. She was driving me wild and she knew It full well.
Following her into the kitchen, we each got a glass of water and a chance to catch our breath. Finishing her water, Roxy held up a finger, "Be right back." before she dipped into her room. My eyes following every step.
Looking down at myself standing in the kitchen, I was struck by how different I felt in that moment. This unexpected night had given me with a sense of confidence that I had lacked previously. Both in body and myself. I took that moment to look down at myself with this newfound sense of self.
As we had stood in the kitchen, my erection had faded. It wasn't gone, just diminished from what it had been. In the past I would have felt self conscious about my hanging member. It was just strange to be comfortable as myself. If someone as strong and beautiful as Roxy found my body appealing, why had I always been so hard on myself?
Returning to the couch, I casually flipping through the channels until Roxy returned.
"Here," she tossed me a plastic bottle. "This should help."
It took me a second to recognize the bottle as lube. I nodded my thanks to her.
"Don't want to see you get uncomfortable." In her other hand she held a black, wand vibrator. "Figured I'd mix it up a little too." She gave me a wink before sitting back down on the couch.
Reaching across me, she pressed one of the buttons on the remote. The screen flashed and changed to the tv's web browser. Sitting in the recently searched was a very familiar webpage.
I looked at her and laughed. "Looks like this isn't the first time you've been out here fooling around!"
She gave me an incredulous shrug. "What? It's my couch and my tv. I wait until you're going to be gone for awhile."
I nodded with a knowing smirk. "Well then I think since it is your tv we'll take a look at what you've been up to then..."
She had been waving the vibrator through the air like a magic wand but stopped, lunging for the remote with a nervous laugh "No, That's fine! We don't need to be looking through that!" This was an entirely new reaction from Roxy that I had never seen.
Holding the remote away, caused her naked body to collide with mine as she lunged for it. My heart skipped a bit as I felt my cock surge back in full force at her touch. I could feel her tits pressing against me, her face, perilously close to mine.
She reached for for the remote, laughing as she cried out.
"Noooo! it's embarrassing!" Her back arching as she leaned over me, desperate to wrestle the remote from me. I could feel her heavy tits pressing against the bare skin of my thigh and waist. Her weight resting on me. God she felt so amazing.
"You're sitting here naked. With me. And you're worried about what you have on your search history?" I teased. "It must be good if its got you this worked up."
Her arm dropped down. "Uggghhh...you're right." She sagged in defeat, letting out a long, pained groan. "Don't make fun of me though! I get curious about different things..." Pushing herself up off of me, she flopped back down on the couch, sulking slightly.
I swallowed hard, noticing she had positioned herself closer to me on the couch. Even after feeling her pressed against me, such a subtle act had me nervous. I turned back to the tv, curious where it would lead.
"Alright let's see..." I scanned through the most recent searches. Most of it was pretty tame. Similar to stuff I had watched during my own solo nights. "I'm not sure what you were so worried about me see..."  My voice stopped as the cursor highlighted one of the thumbnails.
The image showed a woman holding a very large, very unique toy. Just the fact that it was just a large toy wasn't what made me stop. It had a very distinct shape. With ridges and nubs along its length. Even at its narrowest, it still looked incredibly wide, but there was a section near the base that bulged out from the rest. The title of the video was 'Riding my dragon'. It was a monster cock in every sense of the word.
I had heard about similar toys before, but had never looked further into them. They were something I had never really found appealing in the past. Seeing how it was affecting Roxy, my interest suddenly grew.
I looked at her quizzically. "Didn't think you were into this kind of stuff." Her face had gone completely red.
"Of fucking course you'd see that one!" She hid her face with her hands and rolled away from me. "God this is so embarrassing! I should have cleared the search history."
A laugh burst out from me. Seeing her get so worked up was oddly comforting. It made her seem more human.
Reaching out, I rested my hand on her thigh, reassuringly. My heart speeding up with the contact."I don't think you're weird Roxy. Honestly..." I paused, feeling nervous about my feelings and if they would be taken well. "Honestly I think it's hot. Seeing what you've watched before I mean."
Her shoulders visibly relaxed, her hands fall away from her face, revealing flushed cheeks and an uncertain look. "You don't think it's super strange?"
It was the time since knowing Roxy that I had heard some kind of vulnerability in her voice. In the office, she was the one who took charge. The way she carried herself with such confidence was a little intimidating if I was being honest. Seeing her now, in this vulnerable state was strange. It proved that she wasn't perfect. Which drew me to her even more.
"No. I don't." I repeated my sentiment, more adamantly this time. "I just wasn't expecting..." waving my hand at the screen, "that."
Differing emotions flashed across her face in quick succession. "Alright. we can watch it. She shot me a final glare in warning "You make fun of me for it though and I'll make sure you get the shit assignments at work for the next month." Still a little flustered, she resettled herself until she was comfortable.
I smiled and hit select.
The video began with the woman explained the toy. Its dimensions, where she had bought it, that kind of thing. While the woman's voice continued, I applied a generous amount of the lube Roxy had brought out. As I did, I kept sneaking glances, over towards Roxy. Trying to read her face. See what she was thinking. The embarrassment had faded and was being replaced with a more familiar calm. When her fingers began to trace lazy paths along her skin I knew she was fine.
Satisfied that Roxy was comfortable and we could continue, my attention was drawn back to the screen. I noticed a long tube leading off the base of the toy. Pointing at it I turned to Roxy. "What is that thing for?" She opened her mouth to answer, then closed it, rethinking what she was gonna say.
"You'll have to see..." She finally said. A cloud of nervous, but excited energy radiated from her.
I raised an eyebrow. "Well that's not cryptic at all."
With a grin, she relaxed, focusing on the tv. Following suit, I leaned back, ready to see what was making her so nervous.
The woman was demonstrating how massive the toy really was. Holding her arm up to the side of it in comparison. With her elbow on the table, it was longer than her forearm, reaching well into her palm.
I had never seen someone put, or attempt to put, something that large inside themselves. Yet I found myself excited to see if she could.
"There is no way in hell that is gonna fit!" I balked, half in seriousness, half joking.
A playful backhand smacked my arm. "Shut up and watch!"
While Roxy's gaze was fixed on the tv, her hands absentmindedly caressed her chest and breasts, only stopping to give a squeeze or a gently tug. I was surprised by how she had gone from nervous into a quiet yearning so quickly. Her chest rose and fell, breath quickening.
Glad to see her enjoying herself again, I turned back. the woman had taken the toy and moved to the floor. She sat with the toy between her legs, showing how far into her it would go if she took the whole thing.
Despite never having an interest in this sort of thing before, I found myself growing excited. Using her hands, the woman began to coat the toy in an ample amount of lube. With the toy coated to her satisfaction, she applied what remained on her hands between her legs. Running her hands and fingers along her pussy ensuring that it was everyone. She pausing to touch herself a bit, warming up for the actual show. Lube now covering everything, she positioned herself over the tip of it.
"Here it comes..." Roxy's voice had a slight quiver to it. Turning on the vibrator, she pressed it against her clit. Its soft hum coaxing a gentle moan from her. Her free hand roamed, touching and teasing her body.
The woman slowly descended. Her hand guiding the gargantuan toy until its tip parted the lips of her pussy. She let out a long moan of satisfaction, letting herself sink down on the monster inspired toy. At the same time the toy entered the woman on screen I heard a sharp inhale of breath from Roxy.
Cock in hand, I stroked slowly. The slick surface of my cock warming in my hand. I could feel my pulse through it. My pleasure building alongside Roxy's. Relaxing, I let Roxy's sounds washed over me as we both watched the woman descend the toys brightly colored length.
The woman in the video paused halfway in her descent, to bounce up and down on the toy. She groaned with pleasure, her face twisting into exaggerated masks of ecstasy. Looking into the camera, she gasped, saying that it felt so good she didn't want to go any further.
Glancing over to see how Roxy was faring, I watched her free hand travel from her breast and was exploring the folds of her swollen pussy. The other held the vibrator firmly in place. Its hum rising or falling depending on how hard she pressed it against herself.
Not so obvious was the distance between us. It took me a second, but I could see that the distance between us had become much shorter. My heart thumped as I shifted myself towards her, nervous where this night might eventually end up. Now, within a couple inches of her now, my heart felt like it was going to leap from my chest.
The woman had slowed her bouncing to a stop. Through gasping breaths, she decided that, despite how good it felt, she still wanted to try and take the whole thing. It was mesmerizing, watching her lower herself down, her pussy stretching to accommodate the massive toy.
I jumped, feeling a hand touch my thigh.
Unaware of how intent I had become on the video, I looked down and found Roxy's hand grasping my thigh. Her head lay against the back of the couch, her eyes half closed as she held the vibrator against her tender, swollen clit. A look of sweet agony had spread across her face.
Animalistic groans forced my attention back to the tv. The woman had reached the part of the toy that was much wider than the rest. Her whole body was shaking as she adjusted, preparing herself. Reaching over, she grabbed a large vibrator of her own. Holding it up against her exposed clit, straining to envelope the knot within her.
"Sam..." a breathy voice called from next to me. Roxy had shifted till she was right next to me. The skin of our thighs pressing against each other.
My breathing was labored as I stroked myself. "Yeah?" Her hand came off my thigh, moving to take hold of the side of my neck, forcing me to turn my head to look at her. Our eyes locked. Both were burning with lust.
"God I'm so horny, Sam." she wasn't saying the words, so much as she was pleading with me. Her left leg came up, throwing it over mine. Her skin was so soft warm. I could feel my cock throbbing as her powerful let muscles flexed and rubbed against me, lost in her passion.
We both looked up at the woman's triumphant moan. The l knot disappeared, devoured by the woman's red swollen pussy. She was bouncing up and down on the toy. Leaning back, one hand planted on the floor behind her for support as she continued to hold the vibrator against her clit.
"Oh fuck!" Roxy spasmed. Her grip tightening on my neck, pulling me to her, our bodies pressed against each other. She gasped her hips bucking upwards as she came. Her face twisting in beautiful agony.
The sight of her sent me over the edge.
My cock pulsed as the heat built in my chest to a crescendo. Warm relief washed over me as I came. Hot cum erupted, splashing across my stomach and chest. Groaning, I felt my balls spasm, sending another stream out. Lost in the feeling, I overshot myself. Roxy, pressed tight against me, caught this one. Most ending up on her chest and stomach. My eyes rolled back as a third burst come rushing out in a powerful final surge. This one landed on both of us, creating a hot, sticky, bridge. We sat, silent except for our labored breathing, savoring our respective orgasms while the video ran, unwatched.
Roxy was the first to break that stillness.
"Holy fuck...that was..." her voice felt distant, as my mind sat clouded in a post orgasm haze. Opening my eyes, I found Roxy starring on me. Her face radiated intense satisfaction. Her flushed cheeks pulled up into a deeply satisfied smile.
Both our eyes drifted down to the mess I had made on us. Large streams of hot cum clung to our skin, slowly sliding down us.
She looked back up at me and sighed, smiling. "You, looked amazing." Her chest heaved up and down with each breath. I wanted to kiss her. Right then and there I wanted to pull her towards me so that I could press my lips to hers. Just as my courage was about to hit a high point Roxy pointed to the TV.
"Oh here!" She gestured, "This is what that tube is for!" My courage went up in a flash. It was hard to take my eyes off of her, but she insisted.
The woman, still fully impaled by the monster toy, held up a massive syringe filled with a milky white substance. From the end I could see the tube was attached. She depressed the plunger slowly as she rose off the toy, gasping as her pussy released the large bulge. Reaching the end of the syringe's contents, she let out a happy moan. As she Lifted herself off the toy, a stream of white goo poured out of her, covering the toy and the floor at her feet in a comically large cumshot.
"Fuck... I don't know why I find that so hot." Roxy let out a little shiver, pressing closer to me.
I looked down at her, laying there, covered in my cum. Absentmindedly, she ran her fingers over the folds of her pussy, toying with it gently. Deciding on what she wanted to do.
A pang of regret slammed into me. It was over.
My breath finally back under control. I marveled at her. "It's moments like this that I am very jealous of you women. Here I am spent and out of breath. And there you are deciding if you might want to go for another one! So jealous."
She smiled cheekily "I could..." letting out a deep sigh, "but that last one was so good, I think I'll savor it."
We both sat, neither of us seeming to want to move, and watched as the woman scooped the fake cum off the floor and smeared it all over her. Our own mess pitifully small compared to what she was working with.
We reluctantly untangled ourselves from our sweaty, cum covered knot and each took a turn showering. Once we had replaced our clothing, we returned to the couch. Looking at Roxy, she wore a look of happy contentment. I couldn't help but smile as well.
Flipping back to a streaming service, we settled on a familiar show to both of us. We watched, laughing and enjoying each others company until we became tired. Saying our goodnights, we left to our respective rooms.
Laying there, hands behind my head, replaying the night's events with a smile on my face.
For the first time. I could say, I liked having a roommate.