After an unforgettable night with friends, I seemingly fell hard asleep with no memory of falling asleep and no memory of dreams. It was a deep, restful sleep that carried me until late in the morning. After waking up, I dressed for the day in summer garb and no shoes, heading out to grab a bite to eat.
Coming into the kitchen area, Kat was there as well as Sam, both drinking juice with smiles on their face. Kat asks how I slept. I tell her like a rock; I ask the same of Kat and Sam. Kat smirks telling us that she slept well, just little restless though. Sam just gives a metsa-metsa shake indicating that he probably drank a little too much. I read into this as Sam passed out when he hit the bed and Kat was left with nothing to relieve herself...so, she had to take matters into her own hands - watching me. Changing topics, Kat asks what I would like to for the day. My preference was to sit around the pool to enjoy the warmth, water, and company. Pretty much just relax. Sam jumps in and says that as long we add nap time, he is all for it. Kat says that worked for her too. So, we grab some hot tea and scones that Kat made then head out to the back by the pool. After finishing our scones and tea, I tell all that I need to call my wife. Kat and Sam tell me to say hello to her for them.
I head off to my room to have some privacy and quiet during the call. As Pam and I catch up on yesterday, the topic naturally turns to last night. My wife asks what I did with Kat and Sam. Describing the evening as having a lot of drinks, food and fun conversation, I was not entirely forthcoming as I was still processing the night fully and not sure how to tell my wife about what happened. I did offer up that upon going to bed, I masturbated because I was so horny and wished she was there so I could make love to her (side bar: wife does NOT like talking about fucking; cocks; cunts; etc. as she feels these are inappropriate). Rolling over this subject like it was not important, she just says "That's nice, and did you sleep well?" Clearly moving off the topic. Knowing the topic was DOA, I asked her how she slept and she just says fine. We ended the call shortly thereafter noting that we could catch up tomorrow morning again and to enjoy the rest of today.
Writer's rant: Why is it guys tend to always have sex on their mind while women do not - even after 8 days of not seeing their significant other?? After hearing Kat's sexual fantasy, it is clear not ALL women are precipitously close to asexual, but Kat is one of the few that I know of who isn't. It's not like I didn't realize this earlier in life, but it just ticks me off. Love gets you past these moments and eventually we will have sex...but it still ticks me off. This sexual desire imbalance is totally inequitable. Ok...back to the story.
Lunch came fast; especially after getting up so late in the morning. After having a good portioned lunch, we all just quieted down in the chaise lounge chairs and enter various stages of dozing. Eventually, I drift off into a nap by the pool and I believe Kat and Sam did as well. I wake to the soft sounds of activity to find Sam moving around to clean up from lunch. Kat is just waking up as well and stretches in the lounger. Looking around, I notice it is late in the day and we still haven't made it into the pool. With the heat of the day still on us, we all discuss jumping into the pool to help us wake up. We all go to change into our suits to get in the pool. I was first out and jumped right into the 80-degree water. While splashing around in the shallow end, Sam and Kat come out. Sam was in a modest, mid-thigh swim outfit while Kat was in a very skimpy bikini - even for West Coast standards. It was a good thing I was in the pool as my dick jumped to attention and got caught in the fabric of my shorts creating a pop-up. However, my eyes must have conveyed what my dick had reacted to as Kat starts to justify her suit as a warm weather outfit that she only wears in her back yard. Sam just smiles and pats her butt saying, "That's okay honey, you won't be judged for your attire." Wanting to see a little bit more of her in the suit, I ask Kat to grab us some drinks before getting into the pool. She quickly agrees and sashes over to the bar to get some drinks. The top of her suit barely clung onto her breasts and allowed for a side view that was quite sexy and risqué. I had to make sure that Sam was not catching my drool, so I averted my gaze back to the pool area as Sam got into the pool by the stairs.
Kat brought us over drinks and set them on the edge as she got into the pool as well, gently submerging herself off the stairs. With us all in, we just kind of bobbed around keeping up conversations. After a while, our drinks were empty, so I offered to get refills. While working on drinking the refills, I hear a computer-phone ring...Kat jumps out of the pool saying she'll get it...get what??? Come to find out, they had video calls set-up on the TV outside and Kat went to answer the call. Once the screen opened-up, I could see it was Pam! I returned to the pool with our drinks and got back in. From the shallow end of the pool, Sam and I could see their conversation happening. We could not necessarily hear everything that was being said though. However, they seemed to be having a fun conversation with giggles and laughs coming out of Kat and Pam chuckling on screen. Kat had wrapped a towel around herself to dry the drips of water; Pam had on a light robe since it was nearing her bed-time. As they chatted for the next 10 - 15 min, Sam and I admired how these 2 were always able to fill an hour talking and how close of friends they were even with the miles difference. Just then Kat called me out of the pool to talk with my wife about something. As I hopped out and walked over, Kat went back to the pool, smirking sheepishly at me as she walked by. I heard Kat splash her way into the shallow end near Sam.
Pam started out with the usual - So how's your day? Whatcha doin'? I answered not much, just relaxing. Afterall, it had only been a few hours since we last spoke. Pam then ambushed me with, "So did you enjoy watching Kat jerk off Sam last night?" I did not know what to say. Looking blankly at her, she then tells me that Kat had called her earlier that morning to apologize for doing that in front of me. Kat told Pam that I probably jerked off myself that night because I had been sporting a hard-on for so long. The words coming out my wife mortified me - not only because she never talked like that, but also because Kat had openly confessed to it. I whipped my head around to look at Kat to give her a stern, unhappy look. Kat just smiled, lifted her hands and shrugged her shoulders. Sam looked perplexed and I could see he asked Kat to explain.
Pam then continued, "Why wouldn't you tell me what happened? Did you think it best to hide this from me?" I just looked vacantly at the screen, not knowing what to say. Pam then chastised me and said that I needed to tell her these things no matter how difficult they may be. She was clearly upset with me. Not knowing how to respond, words started flowing from my lips with no thought behind what they were. Pam later described to me that I just streamed words, explaining that in my weakness, I did not want to tell her because I was afraid to hurt her, and that she would be all churchy and mortified, never to speak to me again. Apparently, I was gushing a steady stream of words to fill the air-time so she couldn't talk because I had spewed forth more words in 10 minutes then I had the month prior.
Coming down off this stream of words, I do remember telling her how, yes, I was nearby when Kat apparently jerked off Sam, but I did not see anything. My imagination just ran wild of what did happen so, yes, I jerked off later that night after going to bed. My plea was that I just could not wait until I got home because my cock hurt so badly. Pam then asked me if anything else happened. I paused before answering, contemplating about telling her how Kat watched me. As I pondered my answer, my wife jumped in and carefully noted that Kat and she have little to no secrets, so I better come clean. So I say, "OK." Pausing, trying to work up courage I take a gulp of my drink. I then started to re-live the night, "While I was jerking off in my room, I saw Kat watching me from the hallway in the shadows."
"Ahh, yes, she told me as much. And how did it make you feel?"
"I was horny as hell already and her watching me just pushed me over the edge. I really wanted to make it a good show for her so she could come as hard as I knew I would."
"And is there anything else that you did aside from jerking off for her to make it a good show?"
Realizing that now there was no holding back needed on recalling the night, I became bolder and more forthcoming. "Yes. After I came, I licked cum off my hand that had dribbled down my cock. And you know what?," almost defiantly I say, "I liked it. For the taste and the sensual feeling. I knew it was good to see because at that point, I heard Kat collapsing against the wall, cumming with a vociferous sigh. Knowing Kat had watched me added to the sexual tension and excitement. Hearing her cum watching me heightened my own satisfaction - even after jerking off. It was like I had an internal orgasm hearing her."
Pam did not look mad at all - she knew this was all coming from talking with Kat earlier but was clearly testing me. She then continued, "Well I can understand how hot that must have been for you both. I never knew just how much of a voyeur - slash - exhibitionist you were. Tell you the truth, I felt somewhat jealous of you both after Kat told me that."
Staring into the TV, Pam then describes to me how Kat told her everything. About her confession of a public fucking fantasy: the jerking off of Sam in front of me; Sam passing out before they had sex; her watching me jerk-off and her own voyeur masturbation to orgasm. Pam also described how Kat had a thunderous orgasm watching me cum and then licking it off my hand. Kat also knew that I could see her, which further heightened the orgasm duration and intensity for her as well. At first Pam was dismayed not at Kat for telling her this, but the fact that it was her own husband who failed to tell her first.
This raised a lot of questions for Pam who spent the afternoon thinking about what Kat had told her. She wondered how these kinks and desires had been hidden from her for so long. Had she become just a compliant, comfortable occasional fuck for me? Was it her truly her intent to hold enough interest for me to maintain a marriage - no matter the depth or satisfaction of relationship? Was this what she really wanted for her marriage? After hours of pondering, Pam had come to the realization that she had repressed her sexual feelings, desires, and sexuality from her teenage years to the present. It was probably due to the general household belief that no one ever discussed sex, joked about sex, or publicly displayed affections when she was growing up.
Pam then commented how these 8 days have not been easy for her either, but now it was time to relieve some of the sexual frustrations that had built up. Pam uncharacteristically commanded me to strip in front of her so she could see me naked and whether I was aroused by all this talk of sex. I stammered that I was indeed turned on by our discussion. She then quipped impatiently to hurry up and get my clothes off then! I was taking my time, because I was not very confident that Kat and Sam would appreciate my being naked in their back yard. But Pam kept on me, telling me to look at her and remove my clothing - NOW. As I stripped, Pam places her favorite dildo into camera site. She was also massaging her breasts through her robe and wiggling her pussy against the chair for the camera, me, Kat, and Sam to see. After finally pulling off the last bit of my clothing, Pam remarks that I do have a pretty stiff hard-on that looked ready for action.
She then pushed back the computer camera as she peeled off her robe to reveal her naked body. What the hell was she doing? Kat and Sam could see her naked! I turned around to check and, sure enough, Sam and Kat were intently watching; eyes fixed on us in an immobilized state. Sam had positioned himself behind Kat and was looking over her shoulder, eyes locked on the screen while my wife exposed herself to me - and them on the big screen. Pam yells out to me "Over here, big boy."
In an almost dominatrix fashion, she orders me to start jerking off right then and there while she watched. A string of commands gush forth from her:
"Grab it tight."
"Stroke it faster."
"Rub it hard."
"Squeeze that pre-cum out and rub it on your cock."
"DON'T cum yet!"
"Hold it back - no cheating - I can see the head glistening."
This was turning not only me on, but apparently Pam as she shouted out to say:
"Oohh my pussy is sopping wet from watching you. Keep doing that."
By now she had inserted her dildo and was thrusting it in and out while massaging her clit, wildly thrashing against the dildo. What had happened to my conservative wife? Could I keep this one? This was unbelievably erotic! The cum was building in my balls and cock. The sensation of an eruption was driving me wild. Who cares if anyone else is watching us - I just wanted this to keep going.
Then as quickly as she had barked out jerk off commands, she shouted "Stop! Don't you dare cum yet. You need to feel the cum in your balls building." As I reluctantly slowed the massaging of my cock, I could hear Pam whimper and moan, indicating that she was cumming.
In the background, I hear another whimper of orgasm - this one came from Kat. Apparently Kat and Sam are liking the show too. I catch them in the corner of my eye in the chaise lounge behind me, fucking doggy style with Sam rubbing Kat's clit. Sam was pounding away at his wife, looking between his 2 friends masturbating, and his wife's cunt. You could tell that he was close to filling his wife by the start and stop fucking tempo - trying to hold onto that feeling of intense pleasure, but wanting to experience the elative feeling of cumming.
Pam then brought me back to her by firmly commanding me to look at her and to continue jerking off. She needs to cum again. The earlier slow down did not soften my cock. It only strained more to release the pent-up love serum. My wife continued to command instructions:
"Pull it! Let me see your cock ooze pre-cum."
"Don't cum! Just let it bubble over into your hand."
"That's it...now lick your own seed from your hand. Lick it all up."
As I enthusiastically follow her command, I hear Sam and Kat both shout that they were cumming. That being too much, I start stroking my cock with the intention of finishing off. With the cum building in the base of my cock, I hear my wife yelling loudly that she was cumming again. With a few more tugs, my cum rocketed from the tip of my cock and landed on the patio some 6 feet away in steady spurts that I never knew was possible.
With the last of my cum oozing out onto my hand, I collapsed into the nearby chair. My wife looked at me lovingly with glassy eyes and rosy cheeks, telling me how incredible that felt. Kat and Sam shouted over to us that was unbelievable and they had never participated in anything like that. Based on the smiles on their faces, it seemed like it was also not going to be the last.
As we all came down from the erotic highs, my wife and I exchanged breathless "I love you" and "I wish you were here." We then quietly talked about getting back together in a few days and the anticipation of feeling each other's bodies again. Being unsure of what specifically flipped a switch in my wife, I also requested that she NOT to revert-back to a demure, asexual woman who feared sexual pleasures for herself. A permanent change in our sexual behavior was warranted given the incredible evening we just experienced, and she was the most important part of that equation. With a gratified smile, she said "No way can I go back! Those were sensations and feelings that I definitely want to repeat - many times over."
We ended our evening with our friends at my sides, and my wife on the video-chat - all unashamedly nude, content, and relaxed. We all then contemplated when Sam and Kat would head back east for a summer get away - of sorts.