The following takes place after the story Lisa & Becky: The Camping Trip
*****
My best friend Becky is an exhibitionist. She thinks nothing is more fun than taking all her clothes in places where people are quite likely to see her. It's a side of herself she has chosen to share with me alone out of all our other friends, although I often find myself wishing she wasn't "Naked Becky" quite so often, to spare my own embarrassment! It's made worse because (despite thinking of myself as straight) I have something of a crush on Becky - something I can usually ignore, but not when she's naked!
After our camping trip to celebrate the end of our exams and the start of our long summer holiday before we started university in the autumn, Becky became even more liberal about being naked around me (if such a thing were possible). It was as if the few days we had spent camping in the woods (during which Becky had been completely naked for all but a few hours) had given her a real taste of freedom and she was determined not to give that up.
So her nudism and her exhibitionism became all the more common. Now she would not just strip off when she visited me and I was home alone, but would also often undress if we were hanging out in my room, even if other members of my family were home! That led to a few narrow scrapes and a couple of times when I would have to awkwardly explain to my mum or dad (who had walked in without knocking) that Becky was "just trying on clothes". I'm not sure they believed me, they probably assumed that Becky and I were doing something weird and possibly sexual - even though I was nowhere near her and fully-clothed myself, my embarrassment at them seeing her naked probably gave them a completely different impression...
Because yes, I was embarrassed at people seeing Becky naked, and the less embarrassed she was (and she was hardly ever embarrassed) the more embarrassed I felt. The fact that seeing her beautiful body and being privy to her completely casual attitude to nudity was a massive turn on for me only made the embarrassment even more acute.
I could just about stand it when she was accidentally getting caught naked in my bedroom by my parents - but Becky's an exhibitionist as well as a nudist, and she can't help herself sometimes. I even started to get the feeling that Becky was into teasing me as much as she was other people, if not more...
–
PART 1: END CREDITS SCENE
I'm not a big fan of the recent trend in summer blockbusters – superhero films. But Becky is and she can usually cajole me enough that I go along with her to watch the latest batch of (I admit, good looking) muscle men hitting each other very hard in order to save the world, or something.
That summer, when we were 18 and getting ready to go off to university in the autumn, I'd managed to hold out on going to see the latest comic book flick for longer than usual, but I eventually relented and accompanied Becky one weekday afternoon in late August to the cinema.
The cinema was a big out-of-town multiplex. Neither of us had a driving license yet, let alone access to a car, but it was easy enough to hop on a bus and ride out there.
When we arrived, the cinema was quiet. There hadn't been any big releases that week and it wasn't a time when a lot of people chose to go (compared to, say, Friday or Saturday nights). We were able to walk straight up to the counter to get our tickets, then buy some popcorn and drinks and head into the screen.
When we got into the screen, there were maybe 20 people sitting in their seats – the rest were empty. The film we had gone to see had been out for quite a while, so I suppose most of the people who were likely to want to watch it had already caught it in the first few weeks. The audience was couples, a few teens, and some guys on their own – people whiling away a couple of hours at the cinema as a result of having nothing else to do with their time.
The screen was one of those where you came in near the front, crossing in front of the big blank space where the film would be projected, and walked up towards the back to find your seat. As usual, all the patrons in attendance were sitting as far apart from each other as possible while still having a good view of the screen – and interestingly there was nobody on either of the back two rows. Most people prefer the middle seats I think, but Becky made a bee-line for the empty back row and I was happy to follow.
We sat down and chatted idly, munching popcorn and checking our phones, until the lights dimmed and the adverts came on. Why, by the way, is there always an advert for the cinema when you go to the cinema? Surely they have already got your business?
After about five more car commercials than I needed to see, and a bunch of trailers to promote the next set of comic book adaptations, sequels and remakes of old movies from 10 years before I was born, the dim lights went fully dark and the movie proper started.
I'm not going to bother going over the plot of the film for you – you know the deal. There's probably some sort of mystic artefact, there are people in costumes, lots of punching and explosions and in the end the world is saved. Anyway, as it turned out, I didn't end up paying much attention to the screen...
We were no more than 5 or 10 minutes into the film when Becky next to me began to squirm in her seat. I didn't realise what she was doing at first until I looked over and noticed she had kicked off her trainers, and was in the process of unfastening her jeans. I watched, aghast, as she lifted her bottom from the seat in order to pull down her skinny jeans, before leaning forward to pull them off completely. She leaned back and grasped the hem of her t-shirt, then pulled it up quickly over her head and off.
"What are you doing?" I hissed. Becky paused, sitting on the upholstered cinema seat in nothing but her bra and panties.
"Getting naked. I always wanted to do this," she whispered back. "Get naked in a cinema, I mean."
I groaned.
"Nobody can see us," she explained, "they're all in front and all watching the film."
So I watched helplessly as Becky reached behind her back, unhooked her bra and shrugged it off, baring her beautiful breasts to the world (well, me and anyone who might have turned around to look at us. Lastly, she again lifted her bottom up and pulled down her panties, slipping them entirely off by hooking them round one foot. Then she sat back, my best friend, gorgeous and completely naked in the cinema.
I looked at her. The cinema was dark, the only light coming from the screen, and the intimate details of her body that Becky was revealing were hard to make out. But I could see the smooth whiteness of her belly, the pale swells of her breasts, her nipples hard and dark pink. Shadows hid much of the rest but it would be beyond doubt to anyone looking that she had removed all of her clothes.
I could feel myself blushing, despite the darkness. My stomach knotted – I was in mortal fear that someone was going to turn around and see us both, see me sat here next to a naked woman. This was by far the most public place Becky had chosen to strip off so far – a big open room with only one route out and around twenty other people all sitting there. The only cover for her nudity came from the darkness, and the fact that people were watching the screen away from us. I was convinced we would be discovered at any moment and – who knows? Thrown out of the cinema? Arrested? There was no way that people would see two girls sitting side by side on the back row of a cinema, one with absolutely no clothes on, and not assume we had been doing something sexy! Who would believe me if I denied it, when the truth was much more unbelievable?
Becky, of course, was completely blasé. She scooched down in her seat a little, making herself comfortable, and returned her attention to the film.
I forced myself to relax. I'd probably have a breakdown if I didn't. Who ever actually looks behind them in a movie theatre, I asked myself? Had I ever? Of course not. You come to these places to watch a movie, not to take in your surroundings. And it really was dark. I knew Becky was naked because she was sat right next to me, but I couldn't make out what even the closest of the other people in the screening looked like. So it was doubtful they would realise even if they did turn around.
Gradually my nerves calmed – but I didn't take my eyes off Becky. How could I? She was beautiful, naked and completely nonchalant – a combination that, I think I have established by now, is a bit of a turn on for me. She was lost off in her attention to the movie and had no idea I was staring at her the way I was, but I noticed every little movement, every rise and fall of her perfect breasts. Occasionally she would unconsciously caress herself, one hand lightly brushing a breast or rubbing a nipple, and my breath would catch as I remembered seeing her that time in the woods, nude and utterly aroused, pleasuring herself with no idea I was watching. I knew she would not do the same here in the movie theatre, with me next to her – no matter how much I secretly wanted her to, she wouldn't want to cross that boundary with me – but those little movements alone told me the story of how she was aroused by her own public nakedness.
My body gave in to my own arousal. My pulse quickened, my breathing grew shallow. My nipples pushed against my bra and I felt wetness on the fabric of my panties when I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. In years gone by I had made out with boys on the back row of the cinema – in my head now I pictured myself doing the same with my naked friend, my tongue exploring her mouth, my hand cupping her breast and teasing her nipple, before I would shift and do something I had never done before in the cinema, and kneel before her in the dark in the well of the seat and hungrily, delightedly eat her moist and exposed pussy.
Well, I wasn't really bothered about seeing the film!
I shook my head to clear away those thoughts. Who knew if Becky would have reciprocated, or been horrified if I did what I longed for? I had no way of knowing and no courage to test it out, so I resolved simply to watch and store away those thoughts until tonight when they could be explored at leisure while I was naked in my own bed, hand between my legs.
Of course, I was barely paying attention to the movie and before I knew it, the film was ending. The world was saved once again and I'm sure there was probably a whole bunch of stuff left over for them to do in the inevitable sequel. The final scene smashed into credits, and I assumed Becky would have to quickly dress again as we would need to leave the cinema.
Becky, however, still sat there, still completely nude. So, for that matter, did everyone else (well, they weren't nude. But they were sitting). The house lights hadn't gone up, either, which confused me for a moment.
Then I remembered – these comic book movies always have another scene after the main credits, to further tease a sequel (or the next film in the same shared universe at least)! I began to get antsy, then. Was Becky really going to insist on remaining nude until the very last moment? These end credits scenes were always short, maybe 30 seconds at most – after which everyone in the theatre was going to be getting up and walking out, and the lights were going to go up. If Becky was going to wait until that scene had finished before getting dressed, she was going to be a lot more exposed, with no darkness to hide her nudity and no movie on screen to distract people from looking our way. She had to put something on soon, surely?
But she just sat there, watching, as the main credits ended and we were rewarded for staying in our seats with a short scene which I am sure would have been very exciting for comic book fans but just confused the heck out of me. The scene ended, and the "full" credits began to roll – and Becky wasn't moving!
The lights in the cinema began to come on – not all the way, but bright enough for the patrons to be able to see and not fall down the steps as they made to leave. The first people ahead of us stood up and began to leave the screen, and still Becky made no move to get dressed or even cover her body at all.
I didn't dare say anything to her unless people heard me and it drew their attention. All I could do was sit there, blushing furiously and completely terrified, as one by one the people got up out of their seats and walked down and out of the cinema via the exit door. Becky, of course, was completely unconcerned and just sprawled in her seat, making no move to conceal her nakedness.
Did anyone see her and realise she was nude? I honestly have no idea. I don't think anyone glanced our way, they were perhaps all too focussed on chatting about the movie they had just seen, or just on getting out (and getting to the loo – it had been a long movie!). Certainly nobody reacted the way I would have expected them to upon seeing a gorgeous naked teenage girl sat in the cinema – they all just trooped out without a second thought.
I breathed a sigh of relief when the last patron left the cinema, and Becky and I were alone.
"Can you please get your clothes on now?" I asked, exasperated. "I know this is no big deal to you, but we're lucky we aren't getting banned from the cinema for life or something!"
"Hold on," Becky replied, "I want to see if there's another scene after the end of these credits."
The names of the thousands of special effects artists scrolled down the screen.
"Well can you at least get dressed?"
"Why?" Becky grinned. "There's nobody here now?"
She had a point, I suppose.
The credits finished, and there was no additional scene. The house lights came up on full.
"Sorry," Becky said. She at least had the good grace to look sheepish. "I was sure we were gonna see Spider-Man at the end or something."
I groaned. "Never mind," I said. "But can you please stop being naked now? I don't think my nerves can take much more."
"Oh, alright," she pouted, and stood up from her seat, stretching like a cat, her whole body taught, breasts thrust outwards, arms up in the air.
I looked. I'm only human.
At that moment, the guy walked in.
"Oh wow," he said.
His arms were covered in tattoos, and he was wearing the black trousers, coloured polo shirt and black baseball cap that was the uniform of the cinema chain staff. I guess he was there to check and make sure nobody was left behind, either asleep or because they wanted to try and watch the movie again for free.
"Oh wow," he said again as he beheld Becky in all her naked glory. "Hey Andy!" he called back through the doorway. "Andy! There's two lasses in here and they've been having sex!"
The burning need to correct this overtook any speechlessness my surprise or embarrassment may have caused. "We have NOT been having sex!" I retorted, shouting down at him.
His brow crinkled for a moment, then he turned again to call through the door. "Hey Andy! There's two lasses in here who have definitely not been having sex! But one of them is definitely naked!" He paused, looking back up at us, before going back to the doorway. "And she's got really cracking tits!"
A second male employee appeared in the doorway – shorter than his colleague, with glasses and an unshaven face.
"What are you on about?" he asked, then cut himself off as he looked up at us. "Whoa."
"See? Naked girl."
"I can see that mate," he said, not taking his eyes off Becky. "I can see that."
"Um, hi." Becky said, with a little wave. She hadn't meant to get caught naked quite like this, I'm sure – but now she had been, she obviously didn't see any need to cover up.
"Hi..." said Andy. He stared open-mouthed.
His colleague was a bit more together, though. He and Andy had walked up the steps to join us at the back of the auditorium. "What are you doing here like that?" he asked Becky. "Why are you naked?"
Becky shrugged. "Why not?" she asked, innocently.
"Touche," the first guy replied, before turning to me. "Why is she naked? Are you sure you guys weren't having sex?"
"We were not," I answered.
"So why does she have no clothes on?"
"Um," I struggled. I went over some options in my mind. She was hot? She's from Europe? She's part of a religion that forbids clothing? You've just been Punk'd? In the end I went for honesty. "She just does this sometimes. She just likes to take her clothes off. We were at the back and nobody could see us so I guess she figured there was no harm in it. We were just leaving, she was just about to get dressed and you guys walked in."
"Oh." The guy thought for a minute. "That's kind of weird. Is she, y'know... alright?" He made a mime to indicate "crazy".
"I'm fine," Becky retorted hotly. She was clearly a little offended by the suggestion but I didn't have much sympathy – she was naked in public, after all.
"She's fine." I echoed.
"Well fair enough then," they guy replied.
"You need to get dressed," I said to Becky. "We need to go."
"Hold on a minute," said the second guy, Andy. "I'm not sure you girls should just walk out of here like nothing's happened. Maybe we need to call the manager about this... or security?"
Did they even have security, I wondered briefly? But I had a sinking feeling in my stomach. I should have known Becky's exhibitionist ways, and my complicity in them, would land us in trouble eventually.
"Although," Andy continued, "we might be persuaded to look the other way..." He had a wicked grin now.
"Mate, what are you doing? Don't be so rapey, it's creeping everyone out," his colleague said. I couldn't help but laugh – Andy had been trying to be intimidating but his companion had just punctured his act completely. That took the wind out of his sails.
Andy looked crestfallen. "I was just going to ask for some photos," he said sullenly.
"Mate..." the tattooed lad said in a worldly tone, "you can't just say stuff like that to lasses. No wonder you don't have a girlfriend.
"I'm sorry ladies," he continued, turning to us and (it was immediately obvious) trying to turn on the charm. "He's not got a lot of experience with women. Especially naked women." Andy seethed.
"'course," he continued. "It'd be nice if we could just get a selfie, or something. I mean, nobody's going to believe us about this otherwise..."
His tone was hopeful, and Andy (who had brightened up a little at this) had already produced a smartphone from his trouser pocket. I was ready to tell him exactly where he could stick his smartphone (sideways, too), but Becky gave a friendly smile.
"Sure," she said, "I'll do that." Typical Becky – when her clothes are off she doesn't shy from attention, she revels in it.
The pictures ended up being fairly tame. I had worried as soon as Becky agreed to post that she would go into full exhibitionist mode and I'd have to watch her pose like a porn star, legs akimbo and everything on display. I'd seen her in such intimate positions before of course – you couldn't very well not with a friend who spent as much time naked as Becky did – but always on accident, as a result of her own self-consciousness and body freedom – not because some strange guy is pointing a camera at her pussy.
But I needn't have worried. Becky was obviously enjoying herself, being the centre of attention, but she wasn't about to be giving these guys a come-on. They got plenty of pictures of, and with, the naked lady in their place of work, but Becky posed like a pin-up, not a porn star.
Eventually, the fun was over. Becky returned to where we had been sitting and put her clothes back on, and the two lads walked us out of the cinema.
The tattooed one turned to me as we were leaving. "You're girlfriend's something else," he confided.
"Oh, she's not my girlfriend," I said, without hesitation.
His eyes lit up. "Oh really...? Maybe she'd like my number then?"
I felt hot jealousy well up inside me. "No! N-no... What I mean is, she's not my girlfriend yet. But we're on a date. Yes. This is a date. She's with me. On a date."
He looked disappointed then, but he stopped pursuing the matter.
The guys bade us farewell. "Enjoy the rest of your date!" the tattooed lad called after us.
"What did he mean by that?" Becky asked, confused.
"Nothing!" I blushed and hurried her away. "Nothing at all!"
–
PART 2: PARTY HARD
Why had I told that guy that Becky was my date?
Why had I felt so jealous at the thought of someone other than myself getting to know Becky?
I'd never before felt animosity towards anyone in Becky's love life. She was a lovely-looking girl and got a lot of attention from guys, and although we were both currently single, she'd had more boyfriends than I'd had during our lifetimes. Sure, some turned out to be jerks, and some I suspected were jerks to start with and ended up being proved right. But some had been nice guys and I'd enjoyed seeing my friend happy with a new lad, just as she had enjoyed seeing the times a partner had made me happy.
But now, suddenly, I was experiencing jealousy. I didn't want to share Becky.
In particular, I didn't want to share Naked Becky.
I don't know if I have mentioned this before, but Becky isn't as forthcoming and open about her exhibitionism with our other friends as she is with me. Sure, some of them have seen her strip off occasionally for one reason or another – but the real, true exhibitionist side to her only comes out when she is with me, and only me. Becky the nudist, Becky the exhibitionist, is someone only I know, and I suppose that makes me feel special, even without the complicating factor of my growing attraction to her. Heck, that might be one of the reasons I feel the way I do about her!
Why did she choose me, out of all our friends, to be her confidant and companion in her naked adventures? Well, I was there from the beginning, there when we were little girls and Becky first ran around the streets of our village in the nude. But more than that, I think she just saw in me someone who would love her despite this weird passion, someone who wouldn't judge or criticise or run and tell and spoil her fun. Becky is still a teenage girl, I told myself, and like all teenage girls we fear the judgement of our peers. Perhaps I was the only friend she trusted to share her naked side with because I was the only one she felt confident wouldn't brand her a weirdo or a pervert for it.
At least, that was what I told myself – although one night towards the end of our summer, I found myself questioning this assumption, as Becky did something bold even by her standards.
We were all of a week away from leaving home to go to university. Our exams were ancient history and we'd both won the grades we wanted. Becky and I weren't off to the same university, but we promised to stay in touch, visit each other often, and see each other as much as possible when we were home.
As well as being the run-up to starting university, that week was also the week of Becky's 19th birthday. So, as a farewell gesture-cum-celebration, Becky's mum ceded us her house for a night, so Becky could host a small gathering of our friends.
It wasn't a party. Alright, there was drinking and music and more drinking, but it wasn't a PARTY party. There would be only somewhere around 10 of us, just our closest friends and their boyfriends and girlfriends. It might get messy or loud but it wasn't going to be one of those crazy house parties where everyone in school turns up and trashes the neighbourhood.
The day of the party came, and I was the first to arrive, helping Becky set up and get sorted. There was an assortment of alcohol, plenty of snacks, music on the go, and a house devoid of parents – all we needed. We waited excitedly for the guests to arrive. Well, I waited excitedly. Becky seemed very nervous and quite agitated, she sat on the sofa bouncing her leg up and down and fidgeting with her hair.
As the expected arrival time of our friends drew near, she suddenly jumped up.
"I've got to go get ready," she declared, her face flushed.
"Everyone will be here in a minute!" I objected. "You look fine! What have you got left to do?"
But Becky ignored my question. "Just look after everyone, I'll be down soon!" And with that she sped upstairs.
Well, I wasn't sure what to make of that at all. Something was obviously up and, with hindsight, I really should have suspected more. But it wasn't more than 2 minutes before the first, main group of our friends arrived and I busied myself with letting them in, showing them where the drinks were, and generally making them feel at home.
You know, all the stuff Becky should be doing as it was her house.
Fortunately, after a few minutes Becky came downstairs.
Unfortunately, it was one of those moments where, if there was a DJ, there would have been a record scratch – followed by a stunned silence. Maybe someone would have dropped a drink (fortunately they didn't, or I would probably have ended up cleaning it up).
Becky was, as you are probably expecting by now if you've read enough of these, completely naked.
She at least, this time, had the good grace to look embarrassed about it. But her blushes were nothing compared to the open-mouthed shock I was experiencing. I looked over our friends. They were similarly shocked, with a bit of nervous giggling from some of the girls, and furious looks from some of the others (those with boyfriends, who were alternately looking sheepishly at the floor or hungrily drinking in the sight of Becky's completely exposed form).
Becky stood there for a moment. I could tell she was far more nervous than her usual confident-about-being-naked self – she was really fighting the urge to run back upstairs. She gave a weak smile and a little, sheepish wave.
"Um," she said, "hi everyone."
There was no reply.
"Um," she continued. "You're probably wondering why I'm not wearing any clothes? Well," she said after a pause, "it's my birthday, and so I thought the best outfit to wear would be my birthday suit!"
She giggled nervously. A few of us did likewise. But it didn't seem like everyone thought that was a good enough explanation – I know I didn't!
"Look," Becky continued after a moment, "the truth is, this is me. This is who I am. This is how I'm most comfortable and how I am happiest. I know that might shock some of you – although to be honest I think all of you have seen me with my kit off at some point in the past few years – but please don't think I am doing this for shock value. The fact is, this is the last time we will all be together for a while – we're all going off to uni soon in different parts of the country – and I just wanted to enjoy this time in the best way I could. And I wanted it to be pretty memorable!
"If anyone would rather I put my clothes back on, please say and I will, but otherwise I will be staying this way tonight and enjoying myself with the rest of you."
Well, would you believe there were no objections? Of course, none of the boys were going to tell Becky to get dressed, not with a body like hers! But surprisingly none of the girls did either. I guess Becky's little speech won them over?
After that, Becky herself greeted the remaining guests as they arrived. They were, of course, very surprised to see her naked, but as with our friends already at the party, they gave no objection to her staying that way when she offered the same explanation. That explanation, clumsy and hurried though it was, seemed to answer the question "why are you naked?" to everyone's satisfaction.
Everyone, that is, except me.
A while into the party, I cornered Becky in the kitchen. I was not a happy bunny.
Of course, now I can take a step back from all of this, I can look at how I was feeling and say that I was jealous, and felt slighted. I felt this way because Becky being a nudist, an exhibitionist, an all round likes-to-be-naked person, had been the secret she had previously only shared with me, and that had been something that had made me feel special, trusted, even loved. But now she had just stood up, in the altogether, in front of a group of our friends, and announced to them that Naked Becky was her true self. I had known it all along, of course, but I was no longer the only person who knew it. And, perhaps selfishly, I had wanted it to continue to be me and only me she shared that side of herself with.
But at the time I was not thinking as clearly as that. All I could think was that Becky had, once again, chosen to pull some exhibitionist stunt at her party in a way which embarrassed me and shocked me because, of course, she hadn't talked to me about it first, she'd just stripped off with no thought as to the consequences.
I said as much to her.
"What the heck do you think you are doing?" I asked hotly.
"What do you mean?" she replied. "I just explained everything out there."
"What, that stuff about wanting today to be memorable? What the heck is that supposed to mean? Memorable is getting drunk together and singing along to cheesy 80s rock and someone throwing up in the garden! You're stark bloody naked Beck! What's this really about?"
"I thought you'd understand?" she cried back. "I always thought you understood!"
That stung, but I was on my high horse now.
"All I understand is, you can't keep your clothes on for five minutes! It's stressing me out, Beck, it really is! Everywhere we go, you're stripping off!"
"You've never had a problem with it," she retorted.
"No!" I continued, "I haven't! Because you're my mate and I want you to be happy and if this is how you are happy, well great! But sometimes I think you don't show me the same consideration! Sometimes I think you like embarrassing me!"
I... maybe shouldn't have said that.
Becky looked hurt. "I embarrass you?"
Nothing like a naked girl with puppy-dog eyes to make you feel crap during an argument. The wind went out of my sails a little.
"Look... no. No, you don't. It's just... I don't know. This. All this. It's a bit too much."
"Well, should I go and put some clothes on? If you're not comfortable?"
"No, it's just... it's not that."
"Then what is it? What am I supposed to do?"
"I don't know."
"What do you want me to do?"
"I don't know!"
That wasn't true. I knew exactly what I wanted her to do. But it would have probably shocked our party guests even more than they had been already, not to mention making a mess of the kitchen by knocking all the food off the table.
Joking aside, I felt an immense sense of frustration. I couldn't tell her! I so badly wanted to explain exactly what the problem was here – that every time she took off her clothes in front of me it was a freight train crashing through my previously-assumed heterosexuality. That I was stupidly in lust, maybe even in love, with Naked Becky, and while I probably now had similar feelings for clothed Becky also, it was possible for me to ignore and repress those feelings in the name of friendship. But seeing her free and natural and raw in her sexuality; being allowed to view something so intimate to me in a way which seemed so casual to her – it was becoming too much to bear, and I felt with every time she did something like this, I was getting closer and closer to just screaming it out – I want you. Go to bed with me. Make love to me. Love me.
But what if I did, and all it did was push her away? What if Becky didn't want what I wanted? What if it upset her that she thought being the way she was about nudity had given me signals she hadn't meant to give?
I just wasn't brave enough to come out with it. Even if it meant having rows like that.
"Well, I'm sorry," she said, her voice subdued. "Whatever it is, I'm sorry for it."
And she walked back to the rest of the party.
We didn't speak much the rest of that night. Becky flopped down on our sofa next to a couple we knew, Ben and his girlfriend Amanda. They seemed to have no problem with her nudity and were chatting and laughing and drinking together in a very friendly manner.
I wandered about the party, feeling glum and dissatisfied. I drank a bit too much and a lot of the rest of the night is a bit blurred. I do remember Becky not being around much, and then I ended up in the bathroom being sick.
I flushed the toilet and stood up unsteadily. I washed my face at the sink, and left the bathroom to go back downstairs. As I walked down the corridor, I noticed a light on in one of the far bedrooms, down in the dark end of the house. We'd decided these rooms were out of bounds to party guests, but although the door was almost closed, I could see a chink of dim light shining through.
I walked unsteadily down the corridor. I was more curious than annoyed – I wasn't going to tell them off. It wasn't my house, after all. It was Becky's, let her deal with any mess people were making in the upstairs rooms.
When I got close to the door, I stopped. Standing as close as possible, I peered through the gap.
I grinned. It was Ben, and Amanda. I could see Ben. He was naked, as was his girlfriend. She was on all fours on the bed, and he was kneeling behind her, his hips thrusting against her. He was fucking her, doggy style, strong, rhythmic movements. My own body responded to the sight – a tingle between my legs, my muscles involuntarily contracting and relaxing, in time to his movements. I had never been fucked, but I was starting to think I needed to be! Watching Ben's tight, muscular backside as he thrust in and out of Amanda, watching her push herself back against him, imagining myself receiving a man's cock in that way – made me feel that maybe I'd hung on to my virginity a little too long, that maybe a good shag was something I needed very soon.
I watched, amused and somewhat aroused. My eyes grew accustomed to the half-light of the room, and my alcohol-blurred vision began to focus again. As it did so, I realised something which caused me to catch my breath. There was a bare foot in view which didn't belong to either of the two lovers.
There was someone else in the room with Ben and Amanda!
I shifted position, trying to see more of the room. I managed to get myself angled in a way that showed me more of the bed, so I could see Amanda's front half.
Then I froze. My stomach sank, and I felt cold.
The bare foot belonged to Becky. Becky, who was still naked. Becky, laying at the head of the bed. Becky, with her legs apart. Becky, with Amanda's head between them.
Amanda was going down on Becky while she was being fucked by her boyfriend.
Becky was laughing, and making very appreciative noises. Her eyes were half closed and she kept tipping her head back, lifting her pelvis to push herself into Amanda's eager mouth more. She wasn't drunk, wasn't being taken advantage of. She was simply having a fully-consensual threesome with two of her friends.
Neither of whom was me.
I turned and fled. I'm not sure how much I actually saw. When I look back, when I try to remember now what I was able to see that night, it seems more vivid, more intimate than it actually was. In my memory, I see Amanda's tongue eagerly lapping at Becky's labia, her nose tickled by the soft cushion of Becky's pubic hair. I see Becky, aroused, nipples standing proud on her beautiful bare breasts. She caresses herself, throws back her head, laughing happily. She's close to climax, the other girl's tongue and lips doing their work, bringing her to the edge of orgasm. I turn away before she comes, and the memory dissolves.
I'm reasonably certain that's not what I saw, and that I've made it more vivid in my mind than it was in reality. I've added in details from porn clips I have seen, or the sexy bits of films like Blue Is The Warmest Colour. Because every time I see two girls engaging in oral sex, my mind makes them into Becky and Amanda. That moment will stay with me forever.
I left the party soon after. I didn't speak to Becky again, I wasn't even around when (if) she came back downstairs. Her having a threesome with Ben and Amanda didn't end up being a well-kept secret, I think it had been fairly obvious even on the night to some at the party that that was what was happening. But I don't know what were the details and what was the gossip.
I woke the next morning feeling terrible – and not just because of my hangover. I couldn't stop thinking about what I had seen, and couldn't stop myself feeling hurt and angry about it.
Which was stupid, but I think not unreasonable.
Why was I so upset? I knew Becky had a sex life. She was gorgeous, she never wanted for attention from guys and she was definitely more experienced than awkward, virginal me. It had never bothered me before when she had boyfriends, or even hook ups with guys. But now, I was jealous, and felt somehow betrayed.
The answer was obvious, but it took me a while to figure out. I wasn't sure if my strong feelings for Becky were love, or just lust, but I was sure of one thing. I desired her, physically. I wanted to kiss her, touch her, and yes, fuck her. I wanted her to do those things to me.
Aside from my constant worry over how that would affect my friendship, the other reason I had never pursued those feelings was that I had always felt pretty certain that Becky would never feel those same feelings towards me – not because we were friends (not only, at least) but because we were both girls. I had never had even the slightest inclination from Becky that she might want to have sex with another woman, never had any sense that she might be attracted to anyone other than men. And yet, I had seen her at that party enthusiastically receiving oral sex from another girl. True, a man was present – but at the moment I saw them, he wasn't involved in any of the pleasure Becky was experiencing.
I wasn't so dumb as to take from what I'd seen any sort of confirmation the Becky was in some way bisexual, or that her having sex with Amanda was anything other than a one-off. After all, I was fantasising all the time about Becky but I had never looked at another woman in that way and didn't consider my attraction to Becky to be any sign that I was gay or bi myself, so why would I assume it about anyone else? But it haunted me all the same. It haunted me because, well, if Becky had been flexible enough in her sexuality to enjoy sex with another girl on at least one occasion, that meant that all this time she might have been flexible enough to enjoy sex with me. Had I wasted any opportunity I might have had in the past few months? That night when Becky demanded I cuddle her when we were camping together – if I had taken a lead and kissed her, would she have reciprocated? Would that have led to more? At the time it hadn't felt right, it hadn't been a sexy moment, just a sweet one – but could it have been? If I had been honest about my feelings with Becky, would she have actually been interested?
The row we'd had earlier at the party preyed on my mind, too. If we hadn't argued, would she still have gone off with Ben and Amanda? Her showing up naked at the party was definitely a statement but who had it been a statement for? Was it for Amanda and Ben, was it for some of our other friends – or had it been meant for me? Had she been specifically wanting some sexy fun with a couple, with that particular couple – or, if things had gone differently between us, would she have suggested the sexy fun times be ours? Had I missed her signal (if showing up naked had been a signal, it was a very unsubtle one!) and squandered another opportunity by arguing with her?
There were no easy answers to these questions.
I saw little of Becky following that night and when I did, she never brought up what happened at the party. On the one hand, why would she? She had no idea I had seen her with Ben and Amanda, and I wasn't about to ask. But on the other hand, it troubled me to know that she was keeping something a secret from me, that there was something she had done that she was choosing not to tell me about, when previously she had always been honest with me, and trusted me with so much about herself that she kept from others.
Soon, it was time for us both to leave our family homes and start the first terms of our university education. My mum and dad packed all my stuff into their car and drove me to the halls of residence where I would be living for the next year. Becky's mum did the same for her.
I tried to put Becky from my mind. We'd had a brief goodbye a couple of nights before. It was emotional, but what hadn't been said seemed to hang in the air with greater weight than what we did say. Becky by now I think had realised I was upset, but didn't know why. I think she probably figured it had something to do with the party, but my unending capacity for burying my feelings and keeping things to myself meant I brushed off any attempts by her to find out what was bothering me. In the end, we parted as friends, but with a sense of something between us which hadn't been resolved.
But, I reasoned, the next few weeks and months were about new beginnings. I was going to meet new people and do things I hadn't ever done before – I couldn't spend time dwelling on the past. I would see and speak to Becky again, but for now I was thinking just about the future.