This is the second part of my ongoing story about Chris and Chloe Weber, which started with "Snugglebunny 01: The Beginning." This story picks up where that one left off. For those not familiar with that story, the two main characters often refer to each other as "brother" and "sister," but there is no incest as the two are not related. You'll need to read that story to get the background.
This story will also be a launching pad for others in this series.
This is a radical departure from most of my offerings and contains no cheating, scheming, plotting or revenge. No one is beaten, shot, blown up, nuked, consumed by flesh-eating fish or sent to an alternate universe... I hope you enjoy this little tale. If so, great. If not, that's fine too.
As always, constructive comments are welcome and please remember, this is a work of fiction...
September 1, 2092:
The long day finally over, Chris and Chloe Weber finally got a chance to lay down and rest from the festivities that came with the combined celebration of their 109thbirthdays and their 90thwedding anniversary. They knew that with so many family members gathered, though, that the party would continue long into the weekend, but they were happy that their family cared enough to visit. It was so uplifting to see children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and even a couple of great-great grandchildren take time out to visit with them.
Normally, this was a special time of the day as they would often engage in "pillow talk," something they frequently did to reconnect after the long day. Many times, they would reflect on their marriage and their love, which many would describe as idyllic. Sure, they had their challenges like any married couple, but they had some advantages over many other couples.
For starters, they were practically raised together. They were born minutes apart in the same hospital but to two different mothers. They did everything together, so much so that a number of people often mistook them for siblings, despite DNA tests proving otherwise. So, they began referring to each other as "brother" and "sister," mostly to mess with other peoples' minds.
They became best friends at a very early age and had fallen in love with each other long before they ever became intimate. Over the years, they had shared everything with each other, including their hopes, fears and concerns. By the time they were married, they could almost read each other like a book and often finished each others' sentences.
The other advantage they had was their parents, who worked hard to ensure their children would have the best start in life as possible. Their fathers had served in the military together and became best friends. After their service, they and their wives went into business together, doing contract work for the government.
They also reaped the rewards of some very smart investments and by the time the kids were 17, had established a large trust fund for the children that not only paid for their education, but gave them a healthy monthly check that would last well past their retirement age.
The two families had each purchased adjoining 50-acre parcels of mostly-wooded land just a few miles outside Springfield and had custom homes built on the land. When Chris and Chloe became engaged, their parents each contributed a 5-acre parcel of that land and split the cost of a custom-built four-bedroom home to be given as a wedding present.
The house also had an office where Chris could work and a "craft room" for Chloe. It featured a full basement that included a workout room where Chloe could practice her dance routines while Chris worked out with his weights.
It even had a secure gate, a swimming pool and was landscaped to ensure the two lovers could enjoy maximum privacy. Chris and Chloe, of course, knew the house was being built, but had no idea it was for them. After they returned from their honeymoon, their parents took them to the house and handed them the keys.
"This is for us?" Chris asked. His father nodded his head.
"It's all yours," he said. "Congratulations." Chris gave his father a hug. Stepping back, he noticed the older man had a tear in his eye, something he never saw before.
"Thanks, Dad, you're the best," Chris said.
"You may not say that after you see the tax bill," his father told him, smiling. Chris turned to Chloe's father.
"Thank you so much," he said. Chloe's father hugged him.
"You know, I've always thought of you as the son I never had," he said. "Now it's official, so I'm going to tell you something that every girl's dad likes to say."
"What's that?" Chris asked.
"Take good care of my little girl, son," he said.
"I will, I promise... Dad," Chris said.
"Alright, you guys," Chris's mother said, smiling. "Go on, make us some grand-kids."
That was 90 years ago, Chris thought. And they were still in the same house, even though it had undergone some remodeling over the years.
Chloe laid her head on her husband's shoulder as he pulled out their telepad, a device very much like the old Kindle Fire tablets, but greatly enhanced with far more memory capacity and the ability to remotely control a number of entertainment devices. It could even communicate with satellites and act as a viewscreen for personal communications anywhere in the world. Hand-held tech had come a long way in the last 70-some years.
Chris turned the device on and maneuvered to the media folder, which contained hundreds, if not thousands, of photos and videos. Chloe watched as he opened up the family album, showing pictures of their now-deceased parents, which brought back warm and loving memories. Wiping tears from their eyes, they moved on. They looked at their wedding photos and pictures of their three children, Mike, Brian and Marilyn.
Mike, their first-born son, joined the service fresh out of college and gave his life in one of the many wars on terror taking place around the world. He was posthumously awarded a Medal of Honor for his service, and the medal remained prominently displayed on their living room wall.
Brian, their second child, also served in the military before going to work for the State Department, where he retired. He was still recovering from a recent bypass surgery and couldn't make the party. Nevertheless, he called to offer his best wishes and they loved hearing his voice.
Marilyn, their youngest, was still their baby girl, even at 71 years of age. She married an engineer and worked as a nurse until she retired just a few years ago. These days, she spent much of her time overseeing her parents' care.
Then there were photos of children, and their children, and so on. Yes, they had made their mark on the world. But Chloe wanted to see more.
"Show me the private folder. I want to see the GOOD stuff," she told Chris. He knew what she meant and his fingers flew over the pad, pressing the right combination of buttons to open a folder that contained their most intimate memories, things they would share between themselves but no one else.
The first picture showed Chloe at 18, posing naked on the floor in front of their Christmas tree. She was leaning back on her arms, her dark wavy hair framing her pretty face, with one shapely, well-toned leg bent at the knee, hiding her shaved pussy. Her B-cup breasts stood up proudly as she smiled at the camera. This was the first photo Chris had taken of her in the nude and her beauty still took his breath away.
"I remember that," she said. "Our parents had just left to go back east and we had just finished making love right there on the floor in front of the fireplace. I told you I wanted you to take pictures of me so we could look at them when we got older. Remember that?"
Chris remembered. That year, she had given him a nice camera that took photos as well as video. He also remembered that was the first night she swallowed his cum and she still had a load of his semen in her pussy when she struck that pose.
That was also the night they established the first rules of their love life. They had talked about it a lot since their eighteenth birthday, when they gave their virginity to each other. They had decided on three hard and fast rules. The first rule was a no-brainer for them, since they each knew how they felt when the other had dated another person -- no infidelity would be tolerated whatsoever.
Secondly, they agreed that anal sex was off-limits, a rule they agreed to after much discussion, sometimes after watching various porn movies or reading erotic stories. It just seemed way too nasty for them.
They also agreed to talk freely and honestly with each other about every aspect of their life -- even the sexual aspect of their marriage. Their parents had told them that love, honesty, respect and open communication were vital to any successful marriage.
So far, they had followed all three of those rules. And Chris learned early on that sex with his wife was much more than a physical joining of two people in love. Sex for Chloe could also be something of an adventure and she often liked to come up with impromptu games or scenarios to liven up their love life.
Most of the time, their encounters were slow, gentle and loving. But sometimes, Chloe simply wanted to be fucked, hard. And Chris was always more than willing to oblige. She loved talking to him as they made love, encouraging him with everything from sweet endearments to downright dirty sex talk.
He kept going through the pictures, most of which showed her in varying stages of undress both inside and outside. Chloe had become something of an exhibitionist and Chris loved watching her show herself off, knowing that it was all just for him.
One picture showed Chloe in her wedding dress. They had just gotten into their hotel room the night they got married and she pulled up her dress to reveal her smooth, bare pussy. That's when he learned that she had worn no panties during the ceremony.
There were also pictures of Chris that Chloe had taken over the years. He couldn't believe that he had once been so well-built. Although he worked hard to keep himself healthy and in good shape, he was nowhere near as strong as he was 90 years ago. Chloe insisted that she needed photos of him for herself and he was more than willing to oblige his pretty wife.
The next picture that caught Chris' attention showed Chloe naked, laying with her legs spread wide on a blanket in their back yard. He remembered that day so well.
...
He was sitting at his desk, studying for a test, when Chloe came up behind him.
"Let's go outside and play for a bit," she said. He looked up to see her in a short t-shirt that revealed her midriff and a tiny pair of short, ripped denim cutoffs that revealed a distinct cameltoe and showed off the lower curves of her ass cheeks. He knew the crotch of her shorts was barely a half-inch wide and under the right circumstances would reveal her bare pussy.
He could see her nipples poking through her shirt and knew she was horny. She had a blanket and a small picnic basket in her arm. "Don't forget your camera," she said with a wicked smile. He grabbed his camera and followed her outside, watching her ass sway in her shorts.
She found the spot she wanted, set the basket down and spread out the blanket. She turned to him and shamelessly stripped off her clothes as he took pictures. She sat down on the blanket and pulled a dildo out of the basket. Looking in his eyes, she spread her legs and rubbed her pussy with the toy.
"Come on, get those clothes off and join me," she purred. "Let's masturbate together. You know I love looking at your cock." He did as she asked, and soon, the two were masturbating on the blanket, their legs intertwined. She kept her eyes on his growing manhood as she inserted the dildo inside herself. She licked her lips in lust as she moved the rubber phallus in and out. Chris watched as she fucked herself, his cock getting harder by the second. Soon, they were close to the point of no return.
"Bring your cock here," she told him. "Tell me when you're ready to cum."
"Why?" he asked.
"You'll see," she said, fucking herself even harder. Chris got next to her, bringing his cock close to her face. He watched as she drove the dildo inside herself. Suddenly, she began to have an orgasm, her body shaking, juices squirting out of her excited pussy. The sight was too much for him and he felt his own orgasm coming on.
"I'm coming," he said. Chloe stopped what she was doing, grabbed his cock and in one swift move, took the whole thing in her mouth. Unable to hold back, he let loose and exploded inside her mouth. She swallowed as much as she could, and used her tongue to clean him up.
Spent, Chris sat back down, facing her. She used her fingers to wipe his cum from around her mouth, then licked them clean. Taking a deep drink of water to wash his seed down, she smiled wickedly.
"I love swallowing my brother's cum," she said, wrapping her arms around him before stroking his manhood back to life.
"One good turn deserves another," he said. Chloe stopped and looked at him.
"You want to eat my pussy?" she asked in her little girl voice. Chris nodded. She slid to one side and patted the blanket. "Lay down, here," she said. Chris obeyed as Chloe got on her knees and straddled his chest. She took his head in her hands and kissed him softly.
"First, you need to suck on my tits," she said. Chris took one hard nipple in his mouth and worked it with his tongue. He did the same to her other breast as she moaned with pleasure.
"That feels so good," she said. "Now, tell me, do you want to eat sister's pussy?"
"Yes, I do," Chris said.
"Tell me," she said, looking into his eyes.
"I want to eat your pussy," he said. She shook her head.
"No, no," she said. "Tell me. You know what I want to hear." Chris took her head in his hands before speaking.
"I want to eat sister's pussy," he said, bringing a smile to her face. "I want to worship your beautiful pussy right here and now." Chloe's eyes lit up and she straightened up. She moved further up his body, putting her shaved slit inches from his mouth.
"You want to worship my pussy?" she asked. "Really?" Chris nodded his head. "Well, I guess that makes me more than just your wife and lover, doesn't it? That would make me your sex goddess, wouldn't it?" she asked. Chris didn't know what to make of this.
"Very well, my loyal acolyte," she said in an authoritative tone, taking his head in her hands while putting her lower lips close to his mouth. "Worship my pussy. Suck it. Lick it. Do it just the way I taught you and make me cum all over your face."
Chris eagerly planted his mouth on her pussy, inhaling her aroma. He gently sucked her lips the way she liked and ran his tongue from one end of her slit to the other. She moaned and bucked her hips as he licked.
"That's it, mortal," she said. "Eat your goddess' pussy. Suck it. Do my clit the way I showed you." Chris obeyed, enjoying her reaction. He couldn't get enough of this woman. Soon, she began shaking, pushing his head deeper into her crotch.
"I'm cumming," she said. Soon, he felt the moisture from her orgasm wash over his face. She pulled back and looked down at him.
"That was hot," she said, kissing him. "I can taste my pussy all over you." She straightened up and looked down on him with a smile on her face.
"You've proven yourself worthy of my pussy," she said playfully while getting off his chest. She laid down next to him and spread her legs wide. "You are now my sex god and I need you to come here and fuck your goddess. Show the world how a real man fucks his woman."
"Your wish is my command, my sex goddess," Chris said. He rolled over, eased himself into her warm, wet pussy and began moving in and out.
"Yes, that feels so good inside me," she moaned. "Don't ever stop fucking my pussy." She wrapped her legs around him and bucked hard against him. "Keep fucking me, baby, make me your personal fuck toy," she whispered in his ear as he drove into her. He felt another orgasm coming.
"Oh God," he said, "I'm getting ready to cum again." She bucked harder and grabbed his ass.
"Do it, lover," she said. "Cum inside me. Fill me with your cum. Cum inside your goddess' pussy." He couldn't help himself and exploded deep inside her, filling her with his seed. Raking his back with her nails, she stiffened up as her own orgasm hit.
"I'm cumming, baby," she cried. They held each other for a few minutes, then kissed, their tongues wresting each other. She laid back and looked at him with a wicked smile.
"What are you thinking?" he asked.
"I want pictures," she said.
"Of what?"
"Your cum running out of my pussy," she said. He grabbed his camera as she turned over and got on all fours, putting her ass in the air while spreading her lips open with her fingers.
"Get a good close shot," she said. "I want to see it all." He could see his semen dripping out of her well-fucked pussy, so he got close and snapped several photos. She rolled back over and spread her legs wide. "Take more," she said, using her fingers to scoop up the cum drooling out of her. He put the camera in video mode and began recording her as she dipped her fingers in her pussy and put them in her mouth, licking them clean.
"I love you so much," she said.
"I love you more," Chris replied. Chloe shook her head.
"Nuh uh," she said. "I love you more."
She got up and took his hand.
"Let's go for a swim," she said...
...
"Can you believe how naughty we were back then?" Chloe asked, bringing Chris back to the present.
"Yeah, but we had great times, didn't we?" Chris asked.
"Oh, yes, we sure did." Her eyes fell on another picture, taken while the two were seniors in college on spring break in Florida. "Oh, my God," she said, laughing. "I almost forgot about that."
"What?" Chris asked. She pointed at the picture. Chris tapped on it, enlarging the photo.
"How could you forget about that?" Chris said. "That was the best spring break ever. And as I recall, you won that contest. With a very interesting ending." Chris' mind wandered to the day his young college wife dazzled everyone with her on-stage antics.
...
The two had been going from event to event, and were fairly tipsy when they came across an amateur wet-t-shirt contest. The were still calling for contestants to come forward when Chloe looked at her husband.
"Dare me?" she said with a wicked smile.
"What, you want to get naked in front of all those guys?" he asked. She nodded.
"Yeah, and you can video me doing it," she said. "Come on. It'll be fun and who knows, maybe I'll win. Even if I don't we'll have a mind-blowing fuck afterward and something to remember our college years."
"Okay, if you want to," he said. They went to the contest area and she spoke to the man running the show. She gave Chris a kiss and headed backstage to get ready. Chris found a good spot up close to the stage.
Soon, the girls were coming out, strutting their stuff to the music while giving everyone a good show. All of the girls eventually got naked and more than one girl ended up going down on another contestant. As hot as this was, Chris was only watching for one contestant, and soon, she was ushered on stage, wearing a short ripped t-shirt that barely covered her breasts and a tiny thong.
After the MC introduced her, she began gyrating on the stage, giving the guys a glimpse of her tits. Finally, she ripped the shirt open and flung it into the audience. She continued dancing wildly, and began working her thong down her legs to shouts of "take it off."
Finally, her thong was on the floor, so she picked it up and tossed it to Chris after wiping her wet shaved pussy with it.
The MC stopped her for a second and asked her to tell the audience the hottest thing she would like to do. Chloe smiled wide, her dimples showing. Her feet spread wide, she turned to the audience, and looked Chris in the eye.
"I'd like for my husband to give me a creampie right here on this stage," she said, prompting cheers from the whole group.
"Is your husband here?" the MC asked. She nodded while pointing to Chris. The MC looked at Chris.
"Would you like to give your pretty wife a creampie on this stage?" he asked. Chris nodded his head.
"Who would like to see this beautiful girl's husband give her a creampie right here on this stage right now?" the MC asked the crowd. Everyone hooted and yelled as several gave Chris a slap on the back.
"Well, as much as we'd like to, we can't let you do that here, honey," the MC said. "But you can do something with this," he added, handing her a very large penis-shaped dildo with a suction cup on the base. Chris recognized it as being one of hers. He didn't know she had it in her purse, but he wasn't surprised. Chloe smiled and clapped before taking the dildo and walked to the center of the stage.
"My God," the MC said, placing it alongside his forearm for comparison, "that thing is huge."
"It's a little smaller than my husband, but it'll work," Chloe said to applause.
"Wow," the MC said. "Well, show us your stuff!"
Spreading her legs wide, she used her fingers to open her pussy so everyone could get a good look. She danced around a bit, bending over so they could all see her open pussy from the back. She put the head of the dildo in her mouth and pretended to suck it like she would Chris' cock. After getting the head wet, she rubbed the dildo over and between her B-cup breasts, then rubbed it along her slit, which was also quite moist. Eventually, she sat down on the floor and secured the dildo to the floor with the suction cup.
Facing the audience, she positioned her open pussy over the dildo and slowly worked herself down until it was all the way inside her. Her knees spread wide, she bucked up and down, fucking the rubber dong while rubbing her clit. She began bouncing faster and Chris could tell she was getting close to an orgasm.
"Oh, fuck, fuck, yeah," she moaned, while furiously rubbing herself. Suddenly she stopped and got off the dildo. Pulling it off the floor, she sat back down, opened her legs as wide as she could and furiously worked the monster in her, making sure everyone could clearly see the dildo sawing in and out of her dripping wet cunt.
She slowed down just a bit and Chris knew what to expect, since he had seen her do this before. She pushed the dildo in then brought it out as fast as she could several times while rubbing her pussy. Then her orgasm hit and she squirted so much that everyone in the first two or three rows got sprayed. The crowd went nuts. But she wasn't finished.
After her orgasm died a bit, she spread her legs and placed her feet behind her head. Placing her hands under her ass, she bent forward as far as she could, placing her face as close as possible to her pussy. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue and for a second, it looked as though she actually licked her own slit.
Chris was shocked, having never seen her do that before. He knew she was quite flexible, due to her many years of dance and ballet lessons, but not that flexible. The crowd erupted with applause and cheers. Chloe untangled herself and the MC helped her back on her feet, her dildo still in her hand.
"Wow!" the MC said. "Your husband is one lucky dog," he exclaimed. He grabbed her hand and held it high in the air. "Gentlemen, I think we have a winner!"
"Winner! Winner!" the crowd chanted. Chris got it all on video and couldn't wait to show it to her. Chloe looked at Chris from the stage smiling, her eyes glazed with lust. "Fuck me," she mouthed to him. Chris wasted no time getting backstage and met her as she came down the stairs. An event organizer gave Chloe her clothes, handed her a crisp $50 bill and congratulated her while shaking Chris' hand. She grabbed Chris' hand and pulled him to a dark corner behind the stage, still naked.
She turned and kissed him deeply before pulling him down on her.
"Fuck me, baby," she moaned while working his jeans off. "Do it right here. Fuck my juicy cunt full of your cum. I need it so bad." Chris' cock was standing at full attention and he easily slid inside her wet pussy.
"God, you were so fucking hot on that stage," he said, fucking her furiously. She bucked up against him, driving him deeper insider her.
"Shut up and fuck me," she hissed. "I'm so fucking horny right now. Just keep fucking me. Give me your cock. Fill me up."
He complied, and soon felt the beginning of an orgasm.
"I'm getting ready to cum inside you, baby," he said. She wrapped her arms around him and worked a finger in his ass.
"Do it, baby," she said. "Cum inside my pussy right fucking now." Chris stiffened up and his cum shot inside her. Chloe also stiffened up as another orgasm hit. As the aftershock wore off, they untangled, with Chloe on the ground, her legs spread wide. She smiled as she put her feet behind her head and bent forward yet again. Chris aimed his camera at her and watched as she scooped his cum out of her dripping pussy and into her open mouth, swallowing as much as she could get inside herself.
Once she was finished, she looked at him with a wicked grin.
"Well, did you like the show?" she asked. Chris nodded.
"Oh yeah, that was amazing," he said. She got up and put her clothes back on. She wrapped her arms around Chris' neck and kissed him deeply.
"I love you," she said.
"I love you more," he answered.
"C'mon. Let's go get cleaned up a bit and grab something to eat. I'm famished," she said, taking his hand.
...
"God, that was so amazing," Chris said, his mind now back in the present. "You never told me what made you think to do that."
"What, try to lick my own pussy?" she asked.
"Yeah," Chris said.
"Oh yeah, I told you, you just forgot. Remember, I told you about those videos I saw of girls trying to do that. It got me so hot I thought I'd try it. It's supposedly impossible to do, but I came pretty darn close," she said. They continued looking through the pictures and videos, each group of photos reminding them of one hot date or another.
One set, for example, showed Chloe stripping naked and masturbating in the middle of a country road one night, while several showed her driving while showing herself off. In one video, she stripped completely naked while driving down a busy interstate. They ended up fucking in a rest stop right next to a big truck. Another set was of the time they spent in New Orleans for Mardi Gras, where Chloe and another girl they met stripped each other naked on top of a bar. They ended up finger-fucking themselves to orgasm on the bar before it was over.
There were several other sets of photos -- one from their trip to Party Cove where Chloe participated in an open-air contest, and another set they took during an "Anything Goes" contest. A third set showed Chloe at Fantasy Fest, where she walked in the street wearing nothing but paint.
Then there was a set from their 23rdbirthday. That was one hot date, Chris thought. Another set was from their 30thbirthday, when Chloe surprised him with a sexy visit to a VIP room at a club in Florida. That was the trip Chloe got pregnant with Brian and she still insists he was conceived that night in the club. She also got to indulge in her fantasy on that trip.
There were many more groups of pictures and videos that reminded them of their passionate youth and their experimentation with various fetishes, each one getting them more excited than the previous.
As they grew older, the responsibilities of married life with young children took their toll. Although the hot wild dates became less frequent, the passion never left and they always looked for ways to keep the fire of their love burning.
Chris felt Chloe's small hand wrapping itself around his growing cock.
"Why, Mr. Weber," she said. "I believe you're getting excited by all this." She slid on top of him and guided his manhood inside her.
"Why, Mrs. Weber," he said, smiling. "I believe you're right." They began to make tender love to each other.
"You still feel so good inside me, lover," she said.
"You feel just as good as you did 90 years ago, if not better," he responded. Soon, he felt the familiar urge to ejaculate inside her. "I'm getting ready to cum inside you, baby." She nuzzled close to his ear, moaning.
"Yes, baby," she said. "Do it. Cum inside sister's pussy one more time." He released his load inside her as she felt her own orgasm hit. They laid in each other's arms, reveling in the emotional connection of their lovemaking. Suddenly, she sat up and extended her little fingers. He knew this game well.
"Truth time," she said.
"Okay," he told her.
"Have you always liked it when I talked dirty to you?" she asked. He nodded his head.
"I've always loved that," he said. "For me, it's been the highlight of our love life. Something about the way you talk to me always turns me on."
"You remember the promise I made when you asked me to marry you? The one about making you the happiest man alive?" she asked. Chris nodded. "Have I kept that promise to you?"
"Oh yes, you have," he said. "You've made me the happiest man on earth for more than a century. No other woman could have done what you've done for me."
"So you have no regrets?" she asked.
"Oh hell no," he told her. "How about you? Have I made you happy? Do you have any regrets?"
"You've made me the happiest woman on earth," she said. "And no, I have no regrets. None whatsoever. Well, maybe one. There was that one time I thought it was over."
Chris remembered that incident well. He shook his head.
"None of that was your fault and you know it," he said. "Just some asshole who tried to take advantage of you. But you did the right thing and told me. And together we stopped it."
"I love you more now than I did 90 years ago," she said, a tear running down her cheek. She reached down and kissed him gently on his face. "Just one more thing."
"What?" he asked.
"Am I still your Snugglebunny?" she asked. Chris looked at the 100-year-old nightshirt she now had framed and hanging on the wall. He remembered giving it to her when they were nine years old. He smiled.
"You'll always be my Snugglebunny," he said. "For all eternity."