Chapter 4 -- Dinner with Billy
We took a few days off after a rather crazy weekend. We cuddled a lot, but didn't feel much like sex. We started to talk about the upcoming dinner with Billy and we both knew that Billy would be expecting something outrageous. And if he didn't get outrageous, he would create outrageous, so I had learned that it was better to be one step ahead of him rather than two steps behind.
"What do you want to wear?" I asked Susan.
"Something very sexy and accessible."
"How about that Moroccan outfit I gave you a few years back?"
"The top is great. It is very loose and I can easily flash my boobs with it, but the bottom is too long. It comes down below my knees."
"Anything you can do about that?" I asked.
Susan thought about it for a moment and then got up and went to our bedroom to get the dress. She shed her clothing on the way and returned wearing the top and carrying the bottom. Her naked and now clean shaven pussy was glistening as she walked.
The Moroccan outfit is a light cotton beige material styled to wrap around her waist. The result was lots of cleavage, and when tied loosely, lots of flashing boobies. The bottom was the same material, and also cut in a wrap around.
"I think I can make this a bit more, shall we say, 'accessible' with a few hours on the sewing machine." That's right, my Susie is a seamstress too. And as I say that, it dawns on me that she can probably make more interesting outfits than we can buy.
Susie wandered off and for the next couple hours I could hear the sewing machine bob its little bobbin up and down as if it was engaging in a mechanical form of masturbation, for little machines only.
"There, that should do it," she said as she pulled the skirt from her machine and wrapped it around her waist. Or perhaps I should say that she wrapped what was left of the skirt around her. It had gone from six inches below her knees to eight inches above, and the slit from the wrap was positioned straight ahead, so the gap at the top of the slit let the light shine on the very tops of her inner thighs. And when she positioned herself with a back light, it literally lit up her pussy. Her camel toe was clearly visible though the very sheer material, and if she sat down, all she had to do was spread her legs a tiny bit and to flash her gash.
"Interesting. Enticing. Accessible. I'm sure Billy will like it. I know I do. I walked up to her and discovered another feature of her new styling. If I dropped my hand, it fell right at the top of the slit in her dress and gave me almost instant access to her pussy.
I started to test out the limits of that access, but Susie said, "Save your love juices for Friday night. I want you really horny and loaded with jism." She pulled my hand from her moist pussy and licked each of my fingers and then stuck her own fingers in her pussy and offered me a taste of her juices to lick off her fingers. Darn right finger-licken good, she was.
As the dinner hour approached, I showered and dressed in some casual khakis and a loose fitting Hawaiian shirt. Susan showed up right on time, dressed in the Moroccan and some flat sandals, just as Billy rang the doorbell. He was dressed in pure Billy. Genes and a T-Shirt from some long forgotten band tour, and a pair of easy off sandals. Some familiar brand that I couldn't quite place.
I decided that I wanted to drive, at least so I could have the illusion that I was in control of my own destiny. It turns out that control didn't matter, and for most of us that evening, control barely existed at all.
We got to the restaurant and asked for a booth at the very back of the room. The booth has high walls and it faces into the room. It also has a very deep table cloth, so at some level, it was like the forts I used to build as a kid. We had lots of fun in those old forts. Especially with Penny Amos, but that's another story altogether.
Susie slithered sexily info the booth and Billy and I squirmed in after her. As expected, she was the center of attention. At first, she was the center of the Bob and Billy universe, but soon (and I eventually learned how she did this) people started to be drawn into her magnetic field. First it was our waitress who seemed to pay a bit more attention to Susan than to Billy or me. And soon, I couldn't get a word in edgewise. Susie and our waitress were off in some special universe that only they knew about. After a conversation that seemed to last an hour or so, but in reality only lasted 37 seconds, Susie turned her attention to us and pulled our inner legs toward her as she raised each leg to drape both legs over our own. Besides the affectionate connection, this also served to help her test drive her modified shirt. If she did it right, she told me, the top of the skirt would barely but fully cover her puss. Susan's invitation was as direct as Billy could handle it. She took his right hand and put it on the insides of her left leg and said to Billy, "Where's heaven, baby?" Billy caught on in a flash and soon bumped into my hand, gently stroking in and out of Susie's well prepared pussy.
Even If our hands and Susie's pussy were not directly visible from the perspective of the serving staff, it was quite obvious that was going on. So everybody knew what was going on in Susie's pussy, but nobody was going to blow the whistle. So naturally, Susie had to amp the game. She pulled her blouse open so that one of her breasts was fully exposed and tried to milk it, with obviously little success. "Do you have a breast pump" she asked the first male waiter to walk by. She pointed to her naked breast as nonchalantly as if getting waiters to find breast pumps for gorgeous women was her day time job.
The waiter was totally flummoxed by her question. I don't think he had any idea what a breast pump was, much less why some woman would be flashing her tits at him and asking for one. But his body certainly had a truth-response. He froze in his tracks, his eyes glued to Susan's boob as if it was a hypnotic disc and she was the hypnotist. And his pocket rocket readied itself for blast off.
"Oh my," Susan said as she covered her breast and looked straight at his groin. "I'm sorry. Did I do that to you? I just had a baby and my boobs are lactating," she told him, "and I need to get rid of some of the excess milk."
Susan had him completely confused. He didn't know whether to believe her or not, and his cock had gotten so hard so quickly that it was caught at an awkward and probably painful position in his pants. His only possible response was a hasty retreat, which he pulled off rather well by saying, "I will check in the kitchen and get back to you." And with that, he turned quickly and hobbled away.
"That was downright nasty," Billy said with a chuckle. "What if he comes back with a breast pump?"
"I guess I will just have to put it to work. In the mean time, I need to go pee." And with that pronouncement, Susan pushed Billy out of the booth and shuffled herself out and was off to the bathroom. Billy gave me a sideways glance, shrugged his shoulders and took off after Susan. I decided to hold down the fort in case our waiter really did come up with a breast pump.
I had to wait for a lot longer than it should have taken for Susan to take a pee, and I suspected that she and Billy were up to no good. My suspicions were confirmed when they both returned looking a bit disheveled. Billy's fly was at half mast, and Susan looked quite flushed. She also had a several glistening drops of semi-clear liquid on her neck.
"How was the blow job?" I asked Billy as they seated themselves.
"Damn, she's good," said Billy. "She took everything I had right down her throat."
"Not everything," I said, nodding towards the drops of cum on her neck.
Susan pulled out her compact mirror and checked herself out to see what I was talking about. "Oh, shit" she said and reached for her napkin.
"Leave it alone. It adds to your sexiness," I said. "I think that's called a pearl necklace."
Susan looked at me straight in the eye, then cocked her head for a moment and shrugged. "Sure, why not," she said as she reached beneath the table and squeezed my cock.
Our waiter chose that moment to reappear and said rather nervously, "I'm sorry, but we don't have a breast pump. Will you be OK or is there anything else we can do to help you?"
Susan smiled at him and reached inside the loose fitting top to her Moroccan dress and squeezed her breast as if to test it and see if it was OK. Then she looked up at our waiter and said, "Well, maybe there is something you could do for me. Billy, let me out, please." Billy slid out of the booth and Susan slithered after him, making sure that our waiter got an eyeful of her boobs as she made her way out.
"Could you please escort me to the ladies room," she asked him.
He got a rather confused look on his face, but he wasn't about to say no, so Susan took his hand and led him towards the ladies room. Billy and I looked at each other and grinned. "Wow, she is wound up tonight," I said. How was it with you?"
"She pulled me into the women's room and into a stall, sat on the seat and unzipped me and we were off to the races. Two women came in while she was blowing me and they could hear us going at it. They giggled when they heard us and stayed for awhile. I heard them whispering to each other. They saw us when we left. That's them over there at that table," Billy said, pointing to two attractive middle aged women. One was blonde, in her late 30's with a rather well endowed chest, and the other was a thin brunette who looked to be a few years older than her friend. "Want to see if I can start something?"
Billy didn't give me a chance to answer as he got up and walked over to the two women. I couldn't hear what he said to them, but the impact on them was immediate. The blonde smiled and the brunette looked at me and blushed. Billy talked with them for a few minutes and then came back to the booth and said, "They're game. Let's go see how Susie is doing."
Billy nodded his head toward the two women and pointed towards the rest rooms and then started toward them himself. He wasn't waiting for me to decide. The decision had already been made. As I got out of the booth, the brunette walked past me and smiled as she said, "He tells me you have an 8 inch cock and a tongue to match. Is that true?"
"Billy and his lies; But you will have to see for yourself, I guess," I said as I followed her. We got to the ladies room and the two women went in closely followed by Billy and me. Standing at the sink was our waiter, and kneeling in front of him was my wife, his cock down her throat. The waiter looked at Billy and me and immediately got nervous. "No worries, mate," I told him, "We just want to share the space with you," I said as I unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out.
The brunette looked at my cock and said, "He did lie. That thing is at least 10 inches, isn't it?"
"Yeah, it kind of grows on you. Want a taste or you want a licking first?"
"Lick me, stud," she said as she sat on the sink next to Susan and pulled her dress up. She had a garter belt to hold up her stockings, and a tiny patch of thong that barely covered her pussy. She looked at Susan and said, "You're a busy lady. Are you a pro?"
Susan stopped sucking our waiter long enough to say, "No, just a cum-crazed slut who just discovered that her husband's deepest fantasy was to be married to a cum-crazed slut." And with that, she returned to sucking our waiter, who looked at me, then Susan and just shrugged as he decided that getting sucked off by a cum-crazed slut in front of an audience wasn't the worst thing in the world.
I buried my face in the brunette's pussy and so my vision was limited, but I could hear Billy nearby as he said to the blonde, "My but you have a beautiful set of hooters. May I give you a pearl necklace to decorate them with?"
"Just fuck me, stud, like you promised," she said as she pulled up her dress and turned her back to Billy so he could enter her from behind. She leaned on the sink to hold herself up, and I looked up from the brunette's pussy long enough to see three couples in the mirror. Susan was sucking the lining out of our waiter's cock, Billy was pumping away on the big-boobed blonde and I was slurping on the brunette's slit. Altogether, quite a site; but it didn't last for long.
The waiter groaned and Susan pulled her mouth off his dick and pumped him until he unloaded on her chest. I guess she wanted a double strand of pearls. Billy was still pumping on Blondie, and I could feel her girl friend starting to twitch and grind her hips. "Oh, baby, you are good," she said. "I'm gonna cum all over you." And with that, she started to squirt on my face.
Susan stood up and gave our waiter a kiss on the cheek and said, "Now be a good boy and stand guard for a few minutes while we finish in here," she said to him as she tucked his cock into his pants and gently shoved him towards the door. "Who's your friend, honey," she asked me.
"I don't know, but she has a hell of an orgasm," I said. Want a taste?"
"I'd love a taste," she said as she knelt in front of the slim brunette.
I stood up and tapped the blonde on the shoulder. "Double or nothing?" I asked her. She put her arms around my waist and started sucking on my cock. It was about time somebody sucked me off. I was falling way behind in the orgasm count for the evening. But with Billy pounding her from behind, we soon got into a good rhythm and I could feel my balls tightening. I could also hear the brunette saying that she was going to cum again, and Billy grunting harder and harder as I shot my load down Blondie's throat.
As Billy started his final approach, she let go of me and turned to him and said, "Go ahead and decorate these melons. I want to wear your cum." That was all it took and Billy drenched her tits with his cum.
Susan pulled herself off the brunette's pussy and looked at Billy and me and said, "Well boys, I hope you saved some for me. I'm not really hungry for dinner any more. I just want to go home and fuck you guys until you can't walk. Sorry ladies, but they're all mine now. It's been real nice, tough." And with that pronouncement, Susan took both of us by the hand and dragged us towards the door. We barely had time to get our cocks stuffed back into our pants before we were out the door where our intrepid waiter was standing guard like the Trojans at Thermopylae. Susan kissed him again and said, "Thanks for the fun, but we won't be staying." He grinned a sigh of relief as we left, but I am sure it was an evening he will never forget.
The three of us hurried through the restaurant and barely made it to our car before we burst out laughing at the totally outrageous evening we had just enjoyed. After we recovered from our laughing fit, we drove home where we made a bee line for the bedroom and spent the rest of the night exploring creative ways for three people to have sex.
To be continued...