As always, everyone in this story is of legal age. All names and places are fictitious. And, even if it is not right for anyone to be naked in public, I feel that the naked female body is beautiful and be seen by all, and since this is fiction, it is allowed.
Thanks to Sadkins116 for his help, guidance and good thoughts for my stories.
Enjoy, vote and comment.
*****
I slept like a log. I was feeling so wonderful for what I had done. I never thought I would be able to give up so much control to another person, but now I had done just that. But it wasn't just one person, it was four of my good friends. And they had started playing right away, having me out in the open showing off my naked body. And even let a couple of strangers play with me. They touched me all over and that girl put her finger in my ass. Wow, what a thrill that was.
But today was a new day with no classes, so I figured they would make the most of it. I got out of bed, went into the bathroom and started to close the door. But, I stopped when I heard, "Remember your rules Sally. Leave it open." That was Steph telling me to leave the door open so they could watch me pee.
I pushed the door back open and sat on the toilet. I looked up and all 4 of them were in the doorway to watch me pee. This is so embarrassing, but I had agreed to do it. I took a little longer to pee this time, since I had never had an audience before.
"You keep forgetting rules Sally," Joan told me. "Whenever you sit, you have to spread your legs. So, you are sitting, open them up."
"Please, I have to pee." I said.
"Nope, rules are rules. Spread them so we can see that cute little pussy." Steve told me.
Reluctantly, I opened my legs before I started peeing. This was going to be so hard to do, but I was determined to do as they wanted. I sat there on the toilet, legs spread apart, my pussy out in the open and then I started to dribble out some pee.
It dribbled out for a second and then a steady stream came out of me and splashed into the water. When I looked up, Ron had his phone out and was taking a video of me peeing. I blushed a bright red, but kept on emptying my bladder. Hell, I couldn't have stopped it if I wanted to. I just smiled at them as I peed in front of them.
I finished peeing and then just sat there. I wasn't sure if I should wipe or if they wanted me to do something else. But, I had to do something, so I got the toilet paper and wiped my pussy while they watched me and Ron videoed me doing it.
Once I finished, I flushed and stood up. "OK, what's for breakfast" I asked.
"Thought we would go out for brunch today, if that is ok with you Sally." Steve said.
"Well, I guess that is ok. I hope I can get dressed before we leave though." I said and giggled.
"Yes, we will get you something to wear, but just remember, we can make you take it all off or show us your pussy and tits at any time." He told me.
"Yes, I agreed to do it, but please don't let me get in trouble, ok." I said.
"We would never do that Sally. We like you to much and if you got in trouble, we couldn't play with you anymore." Joan said.
"Now you just wait here and we'll find some clothes for you to put on. Then we will go get something to eat." Steph told me.
I sat down in the big chair and spread my legs for them. I remembered that is the way they wanted me to sit. So, I allowed them to look at my wide-open pussy and wondered when I would get shaved.
The girls went into my room to find some clothes and the guys sat across from me to watch me. I guess they thought I might close my legs once they were not looking. But, I had no intention of doing that. I kind of enjoyed showing off to my friends.
I heard the girls giggling as they went through my clothes and then they came back out with somethings in their hands.
"OK, let's go eat." Joan said.
"I have to put some clothes on first." I said.
"No, not this time. We will give you something to wear once we're in the car." Steph told me.
"You mean I have to walk out of the house naked?" I asked.
"Yep, that's the plan." Steph said.
"Well, it is your choice," I said, "I hope no one else is out and can see me."
This would be the first time I walked out of a house naked and it was in my neighborhood. I know most of the people here and prayed they weren't out. Hopefully they all went to church this morning, but I had made a deal with my roomies to let them control me. So, here I was, walking outside naked.
I tried to stay covered by walking close to the other 4, but they all separated so I was very visible to anyone looking. I got lucky this time and didn't see anyone. We got in the car and Steve started driving. Then, the girls gave me my clothes, one article at a time.
They started with panties. I was shocked that they had panties for me, but then thought that if they told me to show, I would have to pull them down so my pussy was seen. Next came a blouse that covered me nicely. It wasn't really sheer, but was a little thin. My nipples were hard and poking out, which made it so they could be seen under the blouse. Then a skirt came next. It was a mid-thigh one and covered me up. And then some shoes to put on.
I was covered up, so was grateful that even when I had to spread my legs, no one would see my pussy, just the red panties I was given. We drove to a little restaurant close to town which advertised a buffet style brunch. They had lots of good things to eat. Eggs, bacon, sausage, home fries, and even fruits of all varieties.
We all filled our plates before going to a table. They picked out one that was not covered with a table cloth and they had me sit so I was facing the rest of the people. I set my plate down, then pulled the chair out and sat down. I was learning and as soon as I sat, I spread my legs like they wanted me to. I wasn't nervous about that because I did have panties on.
We all started eating and was enjoying the food. But, Ron stopped and said, "Sally, you need to take your panties off."
I said, "OK, I'll be right back."
"Where are you going?" Ron asked.
"To the bathroom to remove my panties for you." I explained.
"No, when I said to take your panties off, I meant to take them off right here and then put them on the table next to your plate. You can use them for a napkin." He told me.
Damn, it's starting again. They plan on showing everyone my pussy while we ate. I looked around the restaurant and noticed that no one was watching me, so I pulled my skirt up to get to my panties. I was going to slide them down my legs and off. Then bend over to pick them up.
"Wait, don't do it that way Sally." Steve said. "Why don't you stand up and then take them off."
"Just raise your skirt up to your waist and then pull them down and off." Joan told me.
"Better idea. Take your skirt off, then your panties. Then you can put your skirt back on. This way, the skirt won't be in the way when you remove your panties." Steph said.
"Please, I'll take them off, but at least let me keep the skirt on. I don't want to get in trouble. Please guys, this is serious." I begged.
"Hang on then. We will talk about it and then when we decide you have to do as we say. Is that ok?" Ron said.
"I suppose that's ok. I just don't want to get thrown out or have them call the cops. But, I'll do as you decide." I said, but was very nervous.
They all got up and walked away from me. They talked for a moment and then returned to the table. Once they sat down, I was told what to do.
"Ok, here is the deal. We told you what to do, but you didn't want to, so now you should be punished. Remember, you said you would do whatever we said and it was all part of your rules." Ron said.
"Yes, I did agree, but I don't want to be in trouble and you all said you would protect me. But if you want me to take my panties off, I will and will do it however you want." I told them.
"Ok, we have decided you can leave your skirt on, because you made a good point. You will stand up, come to the front of the table, reach up under your skirt and pull them down nice and slow. Pull them all the way down, and take them off your feet. But leave them on the floor. Then, you will turn so your back is to everyone and bend at the waist to pick them up. Once you are bent over, you will count to 20 before picking them up and returning to your seat." Steph told me.
"Is that ok with you Sally. If not the only other option you will have is to get naked all the way right here." Joan said.
"I will do it the way you want, even if it gets me in trouble." I said.
"OK, then do it." Steve said.
I got up, walked around to the front of the table and stood for a moment. Then, reached up under my skirt and took my panties in my hands and started pulling them down. I was trying to go slow, just like they wanted and I saw so many people watching me. I was scared, but so excited that I was getting semi naked in front of everyone. I slowly pulled my panties down to my knees, then went to my ankles with them. I let them drop to the floor and took them off my feet and let them stay on the floor.
Then, I slowly turned to face my friends and bent over at the waist like they wanted me to. I felt my skirt raise up some, but didn't think it would go far enough to show off my ass. I started slowly counting to 20 when I felt a hand on the back of my skirt. Joan had reached out and took my skirt in her hands and pulled it up over my ass, showing everyone behind me my naked ass and my pussy between my legs.
I finished counting to 20 and stood up. I hurried back to my chair and sat down. I had my panties in hand and put them on the table next to my plate before I spread my legs once again. I wasn't really showing anything or I didn't think I was.
I thought I was safe until Steph said, "Now raise up your skirt so everyone can see your hot little bald pussy."
I had to do it because I agreed to let them show me off. It's something I've wanted to do for so long, but now I'm very nervous about it. But, I reached down to my skirt and pulled it up over my legs to my waist.
"You know what," Ron said, "I think it is time for a new rule. I think it would be nice if Sally, whenever wearing a skirt or dress, goes to sit, she must pull her skirt/dress up and sit on her naked ass."
I looked at the others and they all agreed to the new rule, and Steve asked me, "Sally do you agree with the rule?"
I thought about it for a moment and said, "Yes, I agree."
"Good, now stand up and fix your skirt the way it should be." Ron said.
I stood up, reached for the hem and pulled it up over my ass. Of course, when I did that, the front came up also and my pussy was on display again. I did it quickly so I could sit down again. The seat was cool on my naked cheeks and I looked down to see my pussy peeking out from under the skirt.
I was showing it to anyone who might look. I was turning red, especially when a waiter came by to see if we needed more drinks and to give us the bill.
"Excuse me, is it proper to give tips in here?" Steph asked.
"Yes, we accept tips." He told her.
"Good, Sally show us." Steph told me.
I almost choked on the food in my mouth. She wants me to expose my pussy and tits to this guy, in a public restaurant which was kind of crowded. I almost told her I would not do it, but this time I think my pussy was making the choice for me. I was thinking with my pussy, not my brain. I reached down, pulled my skirt all the way up and bunched it at my waist. Then took the blouse and pulled it up and over my tits. Then I let my hands fall to my sides and sat there allowing him and anyone else to see my tits and pussy.
I sat there waiting for them to tell me I could cover up, but they just had me sit there exposed. The poor waiter's face was red with embarrassment and he couldn't talk. He tried to say something, but nothing came out. His mouth was wide open as he stared at me.
Then, he finally said, "You can't do that in here, please cover up and then please pay your bill and leave. I won't report you if you just go."
I was told to cover everything up. Steve paid the bill and we left. But we all laughed as we walked out. I thought it was interesting that a guy would tell me to cover up. I knew that this was going to be a fun time from now on and my friends would have me showing my pussy and tits in a lot of different places.
Just before we got in the car, Joan stopped and turned to me. All she said was, "STRIP!"
I was so turned on, I never hesitated and turned toward the restaurant, removing my clothes so I was stark ass naked and showing everyone what I looked like. My friends took my clothes and put them in the trunk and then I was allowed to get in the car. We laughed as we drove off.
Steve drove around for a little while as they all discussed what happened at the restaurant. Steph asked, "So, Sally, how did it feel? You know, having to take off your panties in front of others and letting them look at your naked ass and pussy?"
"Well, I was nervous and scared, but at the same time excited. It is something I've always wanted to do, you know show off. Maybe not that same way, but I know others saw my naked pussy. I was getting wet and then when you told me to show the waiter my tits and pussy, I was almost cumming."
They laughed and Ron said, "So, is that why you didn't hesitate when you were told to strip in the parking lot. We didn't tell you to turn toward the restaurant, but you did and I for one loved it."
"I don't know why I did that. I guess I wasn't thinking about anything but showing off for others. I must admit, I never would have done any of this on my own. Thanks for the help." I told them.
They all laughed and Joan said, "Sally, this is just the beginning. We have all been thinking of other ways to expose you and to let as many people see you as we can find. I could never do anything like this, but I do enjoy showing you to others."
Then Steve said, "Hey guys, I need to get some gas. What do you think?"
All of them laughed and all at the same time said, "Perfect!"
I think I knew what would happen, but didn't say anything. I would just let them control me like I agreed to. Steve drove around some more, but he passed several places that sold gas. There weren't to many cars in those places, so I figured he wanted to expose me to more people.
Then he saw what he was looking for and pulled into a convenient store that had gas pumps. He drove up to the pumps and shut the engine off. He then reached into his pocket, brought out his wallet and produced a credit card.
"Sally, here is my credit card. Get out and pump the gas. Once you have the nozzle in the tank and the gas running, step away from the car and just stand to wait till it is full. Do not try to cover up in anyway. If you try to cover up, you will be punished right here." He told me.
I looked out and saw that the other pumps had cars at them and people were pumping gas for themselves. But the big difference was they had clothes on and I was naked. Steph moved out of my way as I crawled over her to get out. I didn't even know which side his gas cap was on, but I would find it. I'm glad I know how to pump gas, so I didn't have to read all the instructions.
Shortly after I was out of the vehicle, Ron got out and stood back. He had his phone out and was taking pictures or a video of me. I also noticed several other people looking at me, but no one said anything to me. At least not right away.
I had the gas pumping and it was about half way done when a man walked up to me. He said, "Young lady, where are your clothes?"
I told him, "In the car sir. I am doing this on a dare. I hope it doesn't offend you."
"No, it doesn't, but you could get in trouble for doing this, even though I have seen others from the college doing similar things. I guess everyone is used to it by now. I just wanted to tell you, you are very pretty." He said to me.
"I thank you sir." I blushed as I said it.
Then Ron stepped closer and said, "Sir, she is with me and if you wish you can touch her anyplace you want. But she is a virgin, so no fingers in her pussy. She likes it in the ass though."
The guy looked at me and then at Ron and then back at me. "You won't mind if I touch you?"
"No, I will even spread my legs so you can get a good feel, as long as you don't enter my pussy." I said.
He laughed at that as he took my tit in his hand. "Wow, you have big nipples girl."
I giggled and said, "Yes sir, they get very big, especially when I show off like this and when you touch them they get bigger."
He rubbed them and watched them grow in his hands. Then he left my tits alone and reached between my legs and I did as I said I would. I spread my legs so he could get a good feel of my pussy. I was almost ready to say he could fuck me, but I held back and just let him play.
The pump stopped and I said, "OK, my tank is full, so we got to go. Thanks for playing with me."
Then I kissed him on his lips and took the nozzle out of the tank, closed the lid and got back in the car. The others were all clapping and cheering me for what I did.
"Sally, you are one sexy girl and we're loving what we do with you. You're such a good sport and we will have lots of fun with you. But it is time we went home." Joan said.
I said ok and off we went. I didn't dress again and when we got to the house, I got out and walked in naked. I think some neighbors saw me, but I didn't care. I wanted to go someplace and rub my clit so I could cum.
We got in the house and I sat down in the chair again and just flipped my legs up over the arms and showed them all my very wet pussy. We discussed what happened today and then talked about what to eat. We decided to order pizza and it was also decided I would meet the guy or girl at the door just like I am. That was part of the rules they gave me. I would be naked at home no matter who came unless it was a parent or teacher.
"And once we eat, I get to shave that cute little pussy." Joan told me.
I wondered if she wanted to do more than just shave me down there. I mean, she keeps telling me how cute my pussy is. Maybe she wanted to lick it or something. But, she has Ron to take care of her needs. Just like Steph has Steve. I did wonder what it was like to have a man inside me, but that was going to have to wait for a long time.
We ordered the pizza and when the guy delivered it, I answered the door naked and allowed him to see me. I took the pizza and had to turn so I could get the money. This way he got to see both sides of me. I asked him if he wanted to touch me, but he said no. I paid him, gave him a tip and he was gone.
We all ate the pizza and then Joan said, "OK Sally, time to shave. Then we all have to go to bed."
I went with her to get the shaving gear and then I had to sit on the table so she could work. She started with my underarms and then did my legs. This was great to have someone else do it for me. She was good at it and didn't nick me at all.
Then I had to lay back on the table and spread my legs. My butt was at the edge of the table and my legs were hanging over. This way she could stand right in front of me to shave my pussy mound. She lathered me up and started shaving me. I was getting so wet as she shaved me, I didn't know how the cream stayed on me.
Once she had my mound bald and beautiful, she made me raise my legs and put my heels on the table. This way my pussy was wide open. She sprayed the shaving foam on me and rubbed it in all around my lips. The she started shaving me.
"Looks like you have missed a few hairs Sally. But don't worry, from now on we will make sure it is all gone." She said as she started running the razor around my lips.
She stopped once she got the outer parts of my lips shaved and said, "Now Sally, somehow I need to stretch these lips out to get them all nice and clean. Is it ok if I put my fingers inside you, just a little way to be able to pull them out?"
"As long as you don't break my hymen, I guess it is ok. I had to do that too, so just be careful." I told her.
She was careful and pulled my lips out, one at a time and got all the hair off them. She said, "Damn girl, you are so wet. I bet if I touched your clit you would cum."
I giggled and said, "I probably would."
She finished shaving my pussy and then shaved around my tiny asshole. I had tried to do that, but knew I missed a lot back there. But she got it all. I was hoping she would touch my clit so I could cum, but she smacked my ass and said, "Ok, all done. Let's get to bed."
I got off the table, went to my room as they all went to their rooms. I knew they would all have sex tonight and I would rub my pussy to cum. As I walked into my room, Steph said, "Don't close the door Sally and no covers tonight."
I didn't answer. I just went in my room, crawled on top of the covers and waited for them to close their doors. Then I played with myself and had a good orgasm before drifting off to sleep.