Adventure Awaits
We made it to the campsite finally. It took us all day in our jeeps. Her in her silver LJ Wrangler and me in my XJ Cherokee. There were a bunch of rocks that I had to spot her across throughout the day, not to mention the mud puddles. She must have sprayed me three or four times throughout the course of the trail ride. But we finally made it over the mountain and down to the valley at our campsite.
It's not a bad little spot. Shaded but warm, well used but off the beaten path, and with a decent stream running beside it. I immediately strip down and go for a swim to clean off. The sun feels great on me in the cool waters. She's over by her jeep checking that she didn't lose anything along the way. Shovel, shackles, rope, and straps are all where they should be in the back of her LJ.
As I'm getting out she is finally ready to get in. She teases me a bit that I'm not gonna go for a swim with her. But camp has to get set up soon. This part of the valley gets dark earlier than up on the peak. I go about setting our hammocks up between the jeeps. That's when I got an idea.
I pop the hatch on my XJ. I have a storage box back there. It has tie downs built into it and is firmly attached to the ass end of my jeep. I pull out the hitch step and set it in place below the box. It's not much more than a bar of tube stock so I lay my pillow across it.
I go to her LJ and take out some of the rope. It'll do good to hold things down as they should be. I put her hitch step into the back of her bumper and lock it in place. I then proceed to the inside of her jeep. She has removed the back seat so there's plenty of space in there for storage and movement. I run the rope through the bottoms of the front seats and back to the luggage tie downs. At the ends of the rope I tie a couple of loops with a slip knot.
As I am walking around to the side of the jeep, I look back at her. She's floating in the creek. Naked and glistening in the last of the warm sun rays. She's blissfully unaware of what I'm doing anymore. Parts of her body peaking out of the water. Teasing me without even trying.
I walk over to a nearby tree and get a stick. It's about as long as my arm and about as thick as her wrist. It'll do quite nicely. I very quickly remove the bark from it and cut off any burrs erupting from the shaft. It's now smooth as I can get it without much work.
I'm back at the jeep just as she's getting out of the water. I come over and kiss her full on the lips; wrapping her in my arms to make her feel safe.
I calmly place the headband she was wearing earlier around her eyes and pull it tight behind her head. A knot should hold it there without sliding around. I whisper in her ear as I'm doing this that I have a surprise.
Once she's well and blindfolded, I start drying her off. I make sure to pat her down around her arms and legs, rub along her thighs and back, and dry each breast off meticulously. Once she's dry enough, I wrap her in the towel and lead her to my Jeep.
At the back of my Jeep I guide her to a kneeling position on the hitch step. Due to the height of my box I can tell right away that this won't work for my original idea.
I decide to guide her gingerly from a kneeling position to a standing up, bent over the box, with her upper body over the top of it. She is just tall enough where she can't hang over the edge. She has to keep her feet on the hitch step.
I walk around to where the rear passenger door should be. I guide her hands to steel rods that attach the front headrests. I instruct her to hold tight and don't let go.
Her breathing is thick with anticipation. Her tanned legs quivering with excitement. I know she wants this, but she's not sure what I have in store for her today.
When I reach the back of the jeep again, I see she has her feet planted well on the step. I undo her towel the rest of the way and admire her ass and the way her pussy looks from this angle. I lean in for a taste. Just a little tease to start things right.
SMACK!! I give her a good slap on the ass. Her legs shook with the surprise as she screamed out. It's time to address what's about to happen.
"You've been very bratty and naughty all day dear. I think you need some discipline. Don't let go of those headrests and keep your feet firmly planted. If you obey me, I'll ease up on you."
"Yes sir."
I spank her good and solid again on her left cheek. Her cry is less shock and more desire now. SMACK! The right gets the same treatment. Her knees are weak.
I rub first the left and then the right cheek; her pressing her ass into my hand. As I move from left to right, I can't help but feel how wet she's becoming already.
I lean in. She can feel my hot breath on her quivering mound. She wants to feel my tongue again. As I bite down on her right cheek, I smack the left again. My bite turns to a kiss and I rub lightly on the left cheek.
I slide my finger along her silky pussy, feeling the heat of her desire for me. Just as I'm about to slide a finger into her, I change directions and speeds and smack her right again. She moans with need at this.
I feel like she's taken enough punishment for the evening. I help her down and lead her to the back of her LJ. I place the pillow on the step and have her kneel on it, bent over similar to how she was at my XJ. I instruct her to hold onto the rear seatbelts for support.
After laying the towel out under her, I sit on it. I spread her knees apart as far as they can go without falling off. I grab her ass; a cheek for each hand, pulling them wide. I lean in and breathe in her aroma.
She's taken by surprise when I use my tongue ever so gently on her. I'm licking up and down slowly while barely touching her. After a couple of times up and down, I reset my hands and trace my tongue in a zig zag pattern, as if I'm tracing a lace strap.
I bring her almost to the point of cumming and stop. I let go of her and slide her knees closer together. I get off the ground and stand behind her. We are close enough that we can feel the heat coming off of each other's organs. Both yearning to come together.
I press the head of my rock hard cock against her slippery, velvety opening. She pushes back trying to engulf me, but I prevent her. I tell her that I want to be pleased now and take the blindfold off of her.
Now she has an idea. She climbs fully into the back of the LJ and lays back; her head hanging off the back. "I want to try something new," she says. "Can you follow my lead?"
"Of course my dear. What would you like?"
She leans her head back, reaches behind me, and grabs my ass. She so loves my ass. She digs her nails in enough that I know she has a firm grip. "Follow my lead," she says as she guides my cock into her mouth.
I catch on quickly. She pulls me towards her for me to thrust at the pace she pulls and digs her nails in for me to withdraw. A couple of runs and we are in a good rhythm, fucking her mouth deeply.
Her nipples are still as hard as diamonds from the cold steel of the jeep. I start pinching them in an almost circular pattern. She's getting more worked up, pulling me deeper with each thrust.
I can tell she's about to cum and she has me go in deeper and faster than before. She has me stall there as she lets the pleasure course her body. I'm buried to the hilt and it feels amazing. Then she bites down on me. She knows this drives me wild. I have to force myself to maintain control.
I decide to pull away from her; lest she make me finish before I want to be done. I turn her around, slide her bottom to the edge of the jeep, and bring her knees up to her chest. I take those rope loops and slip them around her ankles. I've left her hands free to brace herself as she sees fit.
I sit down on the hitch. I'm eye level with that which I desire most. Using my fingers, I trace around her swollen lips. I slide it ever so slowly between them; circling her clit before moving downward to enter her.
As I begin to penetrate her with my long flexible middle finger, I bring my mouth to her clit. I begin mirroring the movements between tongue and finger; circling her clit and moving my finger in a circle in that special spot. I add suction to my mouth movements and switch to Long slow strokes of my tongue up and down... up and down... I add another finger and she can feel me stretching her as I continue moving my fingers to the beat of my tongue.
I bring her to the edge and back it off repeatedly. I keep getting her close to release and then I pull it away from her. I can sense she's getting desperate. She wants to stretch her legs out but my rope holds them firmly in place. This adds to her need for release.
Finally, I stop teasing her. I stop everything in fact and withdraw from her. She takes a moment to catch her breath. Just as she's starting to come down from the constant ebb and flow of her emotions, I move in and aggressively eat her pussy. I probe her with my tongue and enjoy the taste of her. She's starting to build up quickly, but it's not enough to make her cum.
I move my mouth back to her clit and add my fingers again. This time though, I don't back down. She cums hard. She's shaking all over. I don't stop. I make her keep this orgasm running on and on for what feels an eternity to her. I finally relent when I think she's had enough. She's earned a reprieve.
Now that she's shaking all over and maybe a little bit hysterical, I press my engorged cock against her. I press the head right at the opening and wait.
She looks up at me. Naked in the back of her jeep. Cold steel against my thighs. Her hair is a mess, chest is flushed, even a little bit of drool running down the side of her cheek. She's never looked sexier.
She looks at me fully when she realizes that I'm standing ready to fill her fully. Her eyes go wide.
"Are you ready my dear?"
"No. Yes. Please."
I slam my cock into her. One steady hard thrust and I bury myself inside of her fully. The impact slides her from me a bit so I grab her thighs and pull her close. I slide back out slowly until my head is barely within her and slam back in. I repeat this cycle a few times until she's cum again.
Now I stand her up. Free from the ropes, I lean her toward the front of the jeep and she grabs the roll cage. I enter her from behind and thrust slowly, her thrusting back at me. This is a fun position, it's got a great view of the landscape; but it won't make either of us finish.
She turns around and rests her arms on the cage. She lifts a leg and wraps it around my waist. Her other leg follows and together we guide my swollen knob into her. She likes this. She starts having an orgasm quickly.
Just as she's about to finish again, I pull myself out and lift her high. I rest her thighs on my shoulders and eat her right there, in the air. She loves it so much she starts riding my face.
Once I've had my fill of her sex again I bring her back down to waist level. I hold her in place by my firm grip on her ass. I start pumping harder and faster. She cums again just before I finally fill her with my seed.
As we lay there in the back of the jeep, she has finally recovered enough to suggest that we take another swim to clean up again.