Lauren and I awoke the following morning to an absolutely gorgeous day. The temperature was in the mid seventies, with very low humidity, and there was not a single cloud in the sky. I decided to wear my clothes, as I wasn't as deeply into full-time nudity as my darling wife was. Lauren was a little disappointed, but understood completely. She smiled at me as we settled into her BMW and backed out of the garage.
This was the first time our neighbors witnessed Lauren's new look, and there were plenty of stares as we slowly navigated through the streets in our subdivision. They couldn't tell that she was totally nude, but everyone got a glimpse of her tubular bratwursts as we passed. We left the neighborhood and soon found ourselves on back roads in a rural part of the county. I really had no plans on where we were going, so a random turn here and there added to the mystique of the trip. We eventually ended up winding around secondary and even tertiary roads in an adjacent county that was pretty much rural.
"Look!" Lauren exclaimed, pointing to a cardboard sign at the end of a side road. "'Moving sale.' Let's stop, Sir! Please?"
"Of course, Sweetheart." I replied, as I slowed the car and made a sharp, slightly-overshot button hook turn onto the little country lane. "We have no real plans anyway. Who knows what we might find out here? Maybe the house is for sale too. We've been talking about getting out of town. Who knows, maybe this is our lucky day."
We proceeded down the road for quite a way before any houses even appeared. Both sides of the road were heavily wooded, so the area seemed quite private. We finally reached the house, which was the first one we got to, and I pulled into the concrete driveway.
The house itself was a large brick ranch; a single story, but very spread out. It looked like it had been built anywhere from the 50s to the mid 70s, and it had been an expensive house at the time.
"No 'for sale' sign." Lauren observed. "It must be sold already. A shame too; it's a pretty house."
"It is," I agreed, "but I would think there would be a 'sold' sign if that were the case. Maybe it's one of those cash sale companies or maybe they're going to rent it out."
The garage door was open, and there were several pieces of yard equipment inside, along with a small trampoline set up out in the yard. Two women were seated in lawn chairs inside the garage, watching a small television set, and waved as we exited the car.
"Oh my gosh, I just love your outfit!" one of them burst out good-naturedly, as she stood up. She was a naturally-red haired BBW, and her tits were absolutely huge! She was wearing black slacks and a maternity shirt to accommodate her enormous tits, but they still seemed to want to spill out of the outfit. I was instantly intrigued. So was Lauren.
"Good lord, her tits are enormous!" she whispered in my ear.
She addressed the woman as she approached us.
"This old thing?" Lauren answered cutely. "Why, I've had it all of my life."
"I'll bet." the woman replied. "It looks great on you too. I'm jealous."
"No need to be." Lauren said accommodatingly. "There's no reason why you can't have this look as well. It's sooo comfy."
"We saw your sign." I interjected, as we all paused by the trampoline. "But I'm a little confused."
"About what?" the woman inquired.
"It says, 'moving sale,'" I replied, "but it doesn't seem to be going anywhere. Nor does it strike me as being particularly emotional. Why then, is it a moving sale?"
The woman smiled.
"You have a sense of humor. I like that. I also like the way your lady friend presents herself."
She extended her hand.
"I'm Kathy. This is my wife, Angie."
"I'm Jack." I said with a smile. "This is my wife, Lauren."
Kathy nodded.
"I know. I recognize you from TV."
Angie came forward as well.
"Hi." she greeted us. "You two are so hot!"
"Angie!" Kathy admonished.
"Well they are!" Angie retorted.
"Thank you." I replied. "You're both pretty hot yourselves, and Lauren and I were both admiring your endowments, Kathy."
"Yeah, my titties are huge." she admitted. "I hate having them all trussed up like this. Usually, we both go around nude out back."
My interest was piqued once again.
"Oh really?" I crackled.
"So why are you moving?" Lauren interrupted, breaking the ice a bit. "And what are you selling here? Looks like a lot of stuff you need for the yard."
"It is." Kathy admitted. "I thought it might give us a little spending money until my new check starts coming in."
"New job?" I inquired.
Kathy nodded.
"Yeah. I'm a physician's assistant, and I got a really good offer in Chicago." she explained. "We really hate to leave here though. This was our dream house, but I couldn't pass it up. It's more than double the money. We'll just have to get another place when we retire, that's all."
"You have it sold?" I asked carefully. "There's no sign."
"No." Kathy responded. "One of those suitcase-full-of-cash places will be here next Wednesday to do the paperwork and pay us."
"They're usually pretty cheap on the dollar." I said candidly. "They point out all kinds of issues and keep knocking the price down."
"They did." Kathy answered glumly. "They said all the customization we did would have to be torn out and replaced, but we really need to move, so we agreed."
"Not trying to be nosy," I responded, "but my wife and I love your house, at least from the outside. What did they offer you, if you don't mind my asking?"
"350."
Lauren and I looked at each other.
"That seems more than it should be." I said with a puzzled tone. "What am I missing?"
"The twenty three acres that goes with it." Angie cut in. "It's not just the house that's for sale. It's all the woods you drove by getting here. This was supposed to be our own Blue Heaven."
She sounded a little bitter, and I really couldn't blame her if this was supposed to be where she and Kathy spent the rest of their lives.
"Wow!" I exclaimed. "They really are bending you over and lubing you up for a good ass fucking."
"We have no choice." Kathy said defensively to Angie's outburst. "We have to be in Chicago in two weeks."
Lauren and I looked at each other. We both knew what was going through each others minds, and nodded in unison.
"I have an idea." I said to Kathy. "We love your place, at least from the outside, and all of that acreage is really attractive too. We'd like to see the inside, but I think we are both at this point, open to buying this from you at a higher price. Throw in all of this stuff you've got for sale and we'll add that."
"But we need money now." Kathy said with a tone of desperation to her voice. "We can't wait for a mortgage to be approved."
"I understand all of that." I said soothingly. "But I do have a plan. How about if I go take the sign down, and then you can show us the house? If it's what you say it is, I'll make you an offer that you literally can't refuse."
Kathy and Angie looked at one another and nodded.
"Okay." Kathy acknowledged. "That sounds fair. Just come in the front door when you get back. We'll be waiting for you."
I jumped back into Lauren's bimmer and headed back up to the end of the road. As I was walking toward the sign, a car pulled up. The driver rolled his window down as I pulled the sign up.
"Is the sale over already?" he inquired in a disappointed tone.
"Sure is!" I answered enthusiastically. "My wife and I just bought everything they had, including the house."
"Oh. Congratulations."
He rolled the window up and sped off. as I got back in the car and headed back to the house. Lauren Kathy and Angie were all waiting on me as I entered the front door. All three were now nude, and my eyes immediately glued themselves to Kathy's humongous tits. Freed from their confinement, what had originally appeared as giant, round melons had changed their shape dramatically. Now, they were about the size and shape of two loaves of sandwich bread; roughly five inches in diameter, and over eighteen inches long! They literally hung down past her cunt!
"Oh my god!" I exclaimed.
"Why don't you take your clothes off, Jack?" Kathy suggested. "I'd love to show you around."
In less than ten seconds I was completely undressed, and my dick was fully erect; standing at full attention and salutation, at a perfect forty five degrees.
"See something you like, Sir?" Lauren inquired playfully.
"I've never seen tits that big before." I finally managed to utter.
"You could suck on one while I suck on the other." Lauren suggested.
"Would that be possible?" I asked incredulously.
Kathy smiled.
"Angie and I may be married, but we still love a good dick every now and then, and we both love an extra girlfriend." she replied. "You'll get to shoot your load, don't worry."
"May we see the house?" I inquired gingerly, trying to change the subject, so as to not grab my penis and start masturbating right then and there in front of them.
"Of course." Kathy answered brightly. "As you can see, this is the living room; complete with a nice fireplace."
"Has it been converted to gas?" Lauren asked.
"Nope." Angie replied. "Good old fashioned wood or coal."
"I like that." I said with a nod. "The only thing better than playing with a real fire, is playing with a set of real tits."
Kathy laughed.
"You'll get your chance, don't worry. Come on, I'll show you the kitchen."
We followed her into the kitchen and both Lauren and I were immediately impressed. It featured stainless steel appliances, as well as sparkling quartz counter tops and amazing overhead lighting.
"This is nice!" I observed. "I really like it."
"Me too!" Lauren exclaimed. "Let's see the rest!"
"This was originally a three bedroom house," Kathy explained, as we followed her down the hall, "but we removed one of them to make some changes."
"Like what?" I inquired.
"We turned it into a huge bathroom that serves both the master and guest bedrooms." Kathy answered. "Plus, we added a wing out the back to make the master bedroom even bigger."
"That's why they cut your price so low." I said, looking at Lauren. "I'll bet they said no one else would want that and they'd have to spend a ton of money to put it back."
"Yup." Angie replied. "That's exactly what they said, almost to the word."
"So they're undercutting your house and all of this land." I mused. "I'll bet they sell that land to a developer too, and have it built up with cheap-ass cracker boxes. Fucking bastards."
I looked at Lauren and she nodded.
"We want it." I stated. "But I'm curious as to what you did with the bathroom."
"Oh, you'll love it!" Angie burst out. "We designed it for the two of us. You two will like it just as much."
"Let's see it then!" Lauren said excitedly. "Oh Sir, this could be it!"
As soon as we entered the bathroom, there was no doubt that wanted this house.
"We had a hot tub installed instead of a bathtub." Kathy explained. "That way, we could use it as a hot tub, bathtub or a shower."
She pulled the curtain back and pointed.
"Look, there are two shower heads; one on each side. That way, two people can shower at the same time without one person hogging all the water. No one gets cold. And... they are detachable, with extra long hoses, so you can sit down and use them personally. Plus... the adjustable water jet in the tub is up front, so you can lay down across it."
"We want this house." I said emphatically. "What else is there?"
"A walk-in closet the size of a normal bedroom, and a full basement, with a walk-out door that leads to the patio and pool."
"Like I said, we want it." I repeated. "I just love this whole hot tub setup you have here. I think we'll be using it an awful lot."
"Would you like to try it out?" Kathy inquired with a twinkle in her eye.
"Oh yes!" Lauren exclaimed, without even bothering to look at me this time. "Let's!"
"Very well." Kathy responded.
She turned on the water and began filling the tub. Then, she turned the twin showers on as well.
"We had to have extra water pipes installed for all of this," she explained as we all stepped inside, "but it's so worth it. Oh, I forgot to tell you- there's a switch on the wall that turns on low-level lighting, in case you want a romantic fuck- I mean, soak, in the dark."
The sensation of the twin showers was incredible, to say the least. We were all enveloped in warm water; no one was getting cold, and we could feel the hot water rising around our ankles as the tub filled. Kathy turned the showers off and we all snuggled down into the rising hot water. A few minutes later, she turned the jets on.
We were instantly engulfed in swirling water, with jets of compressed water soothing various parts of our bodies. Kathy leaned back and motioned for Lauren and myself to come over. I knew what she meant, and I eagerly grabbed one of her gigantic tits in my hands. Lauren did the same, and we both sucked her inch-long nipples with gusto.
Kathy sighed blissfully as we continued nursing her titanic tits.
"That feels so nice." she gurgled. "Angie can only suck on them one at a time. That's why we like an extra girlfriend or boyfriend every now and then."
"I wish they were full of milk." I said wistfully. "I'd love to see them squirt."
"Maybe one day I'll get knocked up." Kathy replied. "I'll bet they'd swell up twice as big."
"Oh my god, I'd love to see that!" I exclaimed. "You could loan yourself out to a dairy farm!"
We all laughed at that, and Kathy looked at me intently.
"Do you want to cum, Jack?" she inquired.
"Oh yes!" I burst out. "So badly."
"Come over here and lay across the edge of the tub." she instructed.
I did as Ii was told, and I suddenly felt the concentrated jet of water massaging my cock. It was absolutely incredible!
"Position yourself until it feels best." Angie coaxed. "We use it all the time. You'll know when you find it."
Holy shit, she was right! The water acted like a moving solid, coursing against my frenulum much better than any woman's tongue could possibly achieve, yet also massaging the rest of my penis as well as my balls.
"Oh shit!" I groaned. "This is fucking incredible!"
"Does it feel good, Sir?" Lauren inquired, and I moaned ecstatically in return.
"Oh my god; it feels just like a blowjob, only better."
"Better than mine?"
"Oh fuck, I... I don't know. Oh shit..."
I relaxed and let the water jet do its job. Within a minute or so, I felt an incredible sensation building up, and I groaned loudly in pleasure.
"Are you going to cum, Sir?" Lauren inquired.
"Oh yes." I moaned. "Oh, fuck yes!"
My prostate spasmed, and wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure coursed through my loins, as spurt after spurt of semen erupted from my cock into the tepid water. I lay limp against the rim of the tub for several moments, and Lauren pulled me back, letting me collapse backwards into her arms.
"How was it?" she inquired gently, as I panted heavily for several minutes, gradually regaining my breath.
"Amazing!" was all I could say.
Lauren smiled lovingly and caressed my hair in her hands.
"I cum all the time, Sir." she said quietly. "This will be a way for you to enjoy yourself as well."
"Oh yes." I sighed. "So nice!"
"Now that you feel better," Kathy offered, "would you like to see the basement and back yard?"
"You bet!" I burst out.
I stood up and took Lauren's hand, helping her out of the tub. Kathy and Angie followed, and Kathy reached for some towels on a shelf next to the tub.
"Here you go." she said, as she offered us towels. "Dry off and let's go downstairs. I think you'll like it too."
A few minutes later, we found ourselves in the basement. I stared in amazement as I surveyed my surroundings. There was a pool table with a commercial beer-sponsored bar light overhead, fuzbol, and three gaming machines, along with a full bar and a 72 inch TV on the far end. No less than four neon beer signs were positioned around the room as well. It was truly a man cave to the extreme, minus any men, except for me.
"This all goes with it." Kathy explained. "We won't have any room where we're going."
"It all stays?!" Lauren marveled. "Sir, this is incredible!"
"It is." I agreed. "This would be the perfect place for parties."
"We host parties once a month here." Angie explained.
She looked at Kathy longingly.
"I sure will miss them." she sighed.
"Me too, Love." Kathy replied.
She turned to us.
"Come on, we'll show you the back yard."
We exited the basement through a walkout door into the backyard. I hadn't realized the yard sloped toward the back, and I was amazed as we entered another dimension to the house and property.
There was a large concrete patio that extended from the bedroom wing to the storage room behind the garage. In the middle, was a full sized in-ground pool, and the whole area must have taken up close to a thousand square feet! To top it off, the pool had an overhead aluminum cover like you would typically see in south Florida!
With the wings on either side, the whole thing was pretty much invisible from the road, giving complete privacy to this portion of the backyard. No wonder they spent most of their time out here without any clothes on!
"This is amazing!" I blurted out.
"The pool is heated also." Kathy added. "And over there is an outbuilding you can use for storage or a small workshop."
I wrapped my arm around Lauren's waist and pulled her tightly against me. We stayed like that for several moments, taking all of this in. It was exactly what we had been dreaming of; not even looking for yet, but dreaming of. There was plenty of room for us and guests, and for now, a room for Jack Jr. We could always add on for even more room in the future, should the need arise.
In the meantime, there was a huge yard for him to play in and lots of land for Lauren and I to roam and explore. And then, there was that basement! There was even extra room down there for guests, and plenty of room for parties, as we seemed to be meeting more and more people as our adventures increased. It was perfect!
"We're the new owners of this house." I said softly. "No doubt about it. 350 was way too low. Those fuckers need a swift kick in the balls. This place deserves people who will respect and use it the way it was intended to be used and enjoyed. That's us. 500."
Kathy blinked in astonishment.
"For real? Five hundred thousand?"
"Yes Kathy." I replied. "It's still little low, but it's a hundred and fifty grand more than they offered you, plus, it won't be going to a Russian shell company. Lauren and I just made a lot of money in the Caribbean that we can give you as a cash down payment to use in Chicago to get started, while we put our house on the market. In the meantime, we have a loft for sale that your guys might be interested in. If so, you'll have the rest in your pocket in less than two weeks. What do you say?"
Kathy stood speechless for a moment before finally swallowing hard and answering.
"I say, yes!" she exclaimed. "Oh my god, you two are a dream come true, and I mean that!"
She looked at Angie for a second and then back at us.
"Do you have any plans for the weekend?" she inquired.
"No, not that I can think of." I replied. "What about you, Dangles? Did we have any other plans besides taking a drive?"
Lauren shook her pretty, little blond head.
"No Sir." she confirmed.
"Then why don't you stay for the weekend?" Kathy suggested. "You can get a feel for the place, and we can fire up the grill and cook out. We can trade partners too, if you'd like. You can try the pool and all the games downstairs, and we can have a great time. It'd be the perfect way to celebrate everything."
"Yes it would." I agreed. "And speaking of the pool, I'd love to see you in it; those titties of yours floating in the water; bobbing up and down."
"And you could fuck me in there too." Kathy added. "As long as your wife doesn't mind, that is."
"Of course not." Lauren replied. "As long as I get to eat your lady out too."
"I feel like Hannibal Smith from the A-Team." I said, with a huge grin on my face. "I love it when a plan 'cums' together."