As Claire walked down the ramp on her hands and knees, she could still feel the swat of Eliza's hand on her right ass cheek. It had been light so it didn't sting physically, but the sensation of a hand slapping her bare bum, while completely exposed and naked in front of a crowd of laughing, wealthy older men, was unexpected -- to put it mildly. She was all swirl with new emotions, and she didn't know how to process them.
She had no time to figure that out. She had to make sure that she could avoid interacting with Russel, Steve and Kyle. That would be a disaster.
As she walked back to the dog bed labelled "Bubbles", a plan came together. She told herself that it wasn't that complicated. She'd interact with clients and do her best to enjoy being a Veritail puppy for about an hour and a half. The event was scheduled to end at 9:30pm, and she'd been led to expect that it would start winding down after 9. Ms. Perston had left to manage other events, leaving Claire and the other V-pups in Eliza's good hands, so Claire would get Eliza's attention and make some excuse to get going a bit early. Eliza owed her for the demonstration, so she should be willing to explain to Russel, Steve and Kyle that they'd have to pick a different V-pup.
The problem with Claire's plan was that she'd have to find the courage to stand up on two feet and talk to Eliza in English. For some reason, she couldn't imagine doing that. If Ms. Perston had been there, she'd have had no trouble doing it, but Eliza was a different matter. Now seated on her dog bed, Claire watched Eliza, transitioning from talking to the crowd of investors over the PA, to being a hostess at large. Claire couldn't take her eyes off her. Eliza gave a few instructions to some staff, she took a glass of champagne and had a sip, gracefully avoided being engaged in conversation by a few eager investors and then she walked toward where Claire and the other V-pups were waiting.
As this was happening, Claire's mind had turned to what was about to happen. She'd been hired to circulate in that crowd of men, letting them ask her for services, saying "arf," "ruf," or "grrrr" as the situation required. Was Eliza just going to announce the start of festivities, leaving Claire and the other V-pups to start wandering the crowd? Would people ignore her? Would she be mobbed?
Claire hadn't expected to feel this anxious as the interactions were about to begin.
As it turned out, Eliza had thought of this. Each of the V-pups was assigned one of her security staff as a handler to get things started.
"Come with me Bubbles," Eliza said, tapping her thigh with her hand. Eliza had decided to take Claire herself.
Crawling on her hands and knees, Claire was thankful for the stick-on knee pads. The mittens didn't even have separated thumbs, so while they protected her hands from getting scuffed, it felt weird to not be able to use them.
Eliza gathered Claire's leash and walked her out into the crowd of men. Claire's heart was pounding. Was this really happening? She focused on Eliza to distract from the men that clustered around them as they walked along a path into the garden. As Claire looked up at this beautiful woman in her heels and professional suit, she realized that it was like Eliza was her master. The idea kind of freaked Claire out, but here she was being led naked, crawling on her hands and knees, collared and leashed, being presented by Eliza to all these men.
Claire really didn't want Eliza to leave her.
But that's exactly what Eliza was going to do. Claire was led a short distance down the path and it seemed that all the men at the event were crowding around, trying to talk to Eliza, vying for the first opportunity to "interact" with Bubbles. Everyone was chatting, sipping drinks and laughing. Claire wasn't a fashion expert, but she could see that these men were wealthy. They had perfectly tailored summer suits. The temperature was about 80 degrees and somehow none of them seemed to be sweating. They all had expensive looking watches and beautiful shoes. Claire especially noticed all the beautiful leather shoes, because from her current vantage it was easier to look at all the men's feet. She had to crane her neck to look up at their faces.
All the faces were confident, they were laughing and chatting casually, and when they looked directly at Claire, their eyes were filled with lust. Looking up at their faces filled Claire with all the feelings of vulnerability, sexiness, sluttiness, shame and fear that were the source of her exhibitionism. Her craving of those feelings was why she was there.
Unfortunately, it is possible to have WAY too much of a good thing. When Claire looked up at the men's faces, she felt completely overwhelmed.
So she kept looking at all the beautiful shoes, and she kept slowly wagging the Veritail. If she kept her focus on those two things, she could avoid what felt like an imminent panic attack.
Eliza kept walking down the path. She had a particular client in mind.
"Hello Mr. Gaines," Eliza said as they approached a bench beside the path.
"Why hello Eliza." Mr. Gaines was seated at the bench and with a cane propped against it. He was very distinguished and looked like he was in his 70s. "Who have we here?"
Everyone had to know who Bubbles was, Claire thought. She'd been displayed much larger than life on the big screen during the demonstration. "This is Bubbles, Mr. Gaines," Eliza said. "She is wearing the Veritail and I thought you would like the first opportunity to see how our new product takes pet role-play to a completely new level." Without even glancing at Claire, Eliza said, "Bubbles, say hello and show Mr. Gaines your best wag."
Claire was aware that it had sounded a bit more like a command than when Eliza had asked her to do things before.
Aware that she was completely surrounded by onlookers, Claire lifted her face up to look Mr. Gaines directly in his eyes. "Arf!" she said, as cheerfully as she could, and gave him an enthusiastic wag.
Mr. Gaines looked delighted. "Hello Bubbles," he said, just like he was talking to a dog. "Come here," he said, tapping his knee with his hand.
Claire hesitantly crawled over so that her face was above and right next to Mr. Gaines left knee. Mr. Gaines reached forward to pat Claire's head, but Eliza reminded him, "if you pat her without obtaining permission first, using the app, Bubbles will growl at you."
Claire wouldn't have growled. She wasn't thinking straight, but she was reminded that she wasn't actually a submissive naked girl, role-playing as a puppy. She was staff hired to demonstrate a product, and growling was part of the demonstration.
"I don't use apps, Eliza," Mr. Gaines smiled and reached forward to pat Claire's head anyway.
"Grrrr!" Claire said, letting her tail drop.
There was scattered laughter and one onlooker said, "You tell him Bubbles!"
The experience was so intense that Claire was shaking. She wondered if they could all tell how terrified she was. She didn't even notice that her tail shot back up into the sabre position almost right away.
A man standing next to Mr. Gaines leaned in to say, "Would you like me to secure a patting session with... erm... Bubbles, sir?"
Mr. Gaines didn't even look at the man. He just gave the slightest nod and lifted his index finger, all while continuing to smile at Claire.
"Erm... Bubbles, two minutes at twenty dollars per minute?" the man asked.
"Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Arf!" Claire said. The butt plug that was snugly secured in her anus vibrated appropriately to indicate that the patting session had commenced, so Claire wiggled her hips, causing the Veritail to give a vigorous wag. The wagging made her feel happy. At the same time, all the sensations from the butt plug taken together made it feel like she was engaged in a lewd sex act, down on all fours, with a crowd of men watching.
Mr. Gaines started patting Claire's head. He rubbed her neck under her chin. He leaned forward and caressed her shoulders and biceps, then he started stroking along her back and sides. His hands made their way all the way down her bare torso to her hips.
"Bubbles is shaking," Mr. Gaines said to Eliza. "I don't suppose that she's cold."
As Mr. Gaines proceeded to caress and squeeze Claire's hips, working down the backs of her thighs, Eliza responded saying, "I doubt that she's cold, sir." She gave a bit of a laugh. "Bubbles is apparently very new to the team that I hired for this event, and demonstrating the Veritail is a... let's just say an unconventional request. I suspect that she's just feeling a bit nervous."
Eliza addressed Claire, "are you feeling a little nervous with all this attention on you, Bubbles?"
"Arf," Claire managed to say in a small voice.
"Well you are doing perfectly!" Eliza reassured her. "You are such a good girl! I couldn't be happier with you!"
Mr. Gaines had thoroughly groped her thighs and hips, without getting inappropriately close to her pussy. She imagined that it must be obvious to everyone how wet she was. He was now moving his hands slowly up and down the sides of her torso, squeezing more than he had at first.
It was easier for her to wag when his hands weren't on her hips. The way that Eliza had called her a "good girl" had been appropriate for the role-playing scenario, but it still felt really weird to Claire. It felt especially weird because, coming from Eliza in particular, Claire liked it. It was confusing.
Confusing and weird as it was, Claire responded by wiggling her bum to cause a hearty wag of the Veritail.
The crowd of men watching applauded her. Someone said, "good girl, Bubbles!" and a whole lot of other men echoed him, clapping and saying "good girl!"
Claire blushed bright red and looked straight ahead as Mr. Gaines continued to caress and grope her naked body.
The butt plug vibrated to indicate the end of the pats. At the same time, the man said, "the patting session has... erm... ended, sir."
Mr. Gaines didn't take his hands off her right away, instead giving her an expectant look.
"Grrrr," Claire obliged, but not at all menacingly.
He chuckled and held up his hands.
"Would you like to ask Bubbles for anything else, sir?" Eliza asked.
Mr. Gaines continued to smile at Claire. "No, I'll let someone else take her leash, Richards perhaps?" he replied, and motioned to a man who eagerly stepped forward. He looked at Eliza. "The Veritail is every bit as impressive as you claimed, Eliza. Well done, you can count on my continued support."
Eliza beamed.
And that was it for her first "interaction". Some guy named Richards, who was accompanied by 2 other men, took her leash and led her away, off the path. Eliza stayed with Mr. Gaines and it seemed like the entire crowd of men followed Claire.
It turned out that Bubbles was hands down the rock star of Veritail Puppy role-playing that evening. Everyone wanted time with her. The other V-pups got a good amount of attention, but they hadn't been advertised on the big screen for the demonstration, and the fact that Claire wasn't wearing a single stitch of clothing probably had something to do with it too. While Claire was interacting with one group of attendees, there was always at least a couple of people in line, waiting to bring her to another group.
After she survived being so thoroughly and intimately displayed on the big screen in front of everyone, and then had the surreal experience of Eliza presenting her to Mr. Gaines with such a big audience of men, it was clear to Claire that there was only one way that she was going to survive the rest of the evening. She had to let go of being Claire and fully embrace her Bubbles persona.
If she didn't think of herself as Bubbles the happy, playful puppy, she couldn't help being reminded that she was actually a stark naked human woman crawling around on all fours with a butt plug in her ass, performing humiliating acts in front of crowds of men. She'd committed to doing this, and she was making A LOT of money. She might as well try to relax and enjoy the experience! As she settled into this new mindset, Claire felt the intensity gently take a step down.
She actually started to have fun!
It would have been even more fun if she didn't still have occasional mini panic attacks over the possibility of an imminent play-date with Russel, Steve and Kyle.
She hadn't thought of a better plan than just asking Eliza to leave a bit early, but there was always a wall of men around Claire, so she had no idea where Eliza was. She also really didn't want to say anything to disappoint Eliza and, well, she tried to imagine herself crawling up to Eliza as Bubbles, spitting her leash out of her mouth, standing up and saying "hey, Eliza, I need to leave a bit early, would that be okay?"
Standing up in front of Eliza as Claire and speaking in English while still totally naked and wearing puppy dog face paint would be REALLY weird. It seemed like that would be crossing some unspoken line - as though what she'd been doing so far that evening wasn't crossing all sorts of lines!
The visit with Richards and his friends first involved being asked to play tug-of-war. Serving staff carried pet toys with them, so this "service" could be requested and also be hygienic for the V-pups. She could have said "grrrr", but it was an easy way to make $10 a minute. The 3 men in Richards group took turns in front, playing the game with her, for which she'd get down on her elbows to lower her head close to the ground, shaking her head with one end of the pull toy in her mouth. She found that wagging her tail furiously during the game helped her to immerse herself in the Bubbles persona more fully.
At first, Claire tried not to notice that a crowd of men was clustered right behind her, vying for the clearest view possible of her sticking her ass up in the air and wiggling her hips. Eventually she just embraced the fact that this is what they wanted. She discovered how incredibly slutty it felt knowing that she was spreading her pussy and presenting her penetrated anus for the viewing pleasure of all these men. It was almost incongruous how the wagging continued to be an expression of joy. Her perky tits joggled beneath her as she wagged, her nipples so hard it felt like they might pop.
Pretty soon she found that she was loving it!
After that, Richards' group took her for a short walk as they went to get more drinks. Not every group of men took her for a walk, but when they did, being naked, collared and leashed, led around on her hands and knees and completely ignored in whatever conversation they were having made her feel weirdly like an accessory. They talked about their investment in the Veritail, and about how revolutionary it was. Invariably they talked about Claire in the third person. Some groups were better than others. Men tend to clean up their vocabulary a bit when a woman they don't know is present. Some of the groups of men did this when interacting with her, but some didn't and all of them got worse as they got a few drinks in them. Several men thought it was funny to refer to her as a "bitch". As the evening progressed, that word was used more and more in combination with "cute", "pretty", "naked", "slutty" and "little" to form sentences that described what one guy or another would like to do to her, often in crass terms that were way outside Claire's day-to-day vocabulary.
Claire could have said "grrrr" when descriptions got graphic. They were required to be respectful, so Claire could call them on it at any time by calling security over, but she didn't. She found herself having a kind of out-of-body experience. She felt oddly protected by staying in character, so she would bark, she'd wag her tail and she even sat back on her heals to beg for treats. All of that just encouraged some men to be even more crass. Meanwhile, part of Claire was appalled at the men and at herself, but she stayed detached and took in the experience.
Unsurprisingly, each group wanted to give her pats too. And they wanted to pat her two or three at a time. The collar and tail operating system made it easy for Claire to negotiate and allowed her to make over $100 in two to three minutes. Nobody actually fondled her pussy, but despite what Eliza had said, as the evening progressed, a lot of the pats clearly crossed the line to groping. Claire growled a couple of times, but mostly she just stood there and let it happen. It was incredibly intense, especially in combination with being spoken about in the third person in especially crass and demeaning terms.
Claire would never have found herself at the Veritail launch event if she wasn't afflicted with a variety of exhibitionism that fed off her feeling like a shameful, dirty little slut. Being totally naked, collared, leashed, on her hands and knees, with a butt-plug in her ass and being groped by men who were talking about her, saying what a shameful, dirty little slut she was, turned her on more than anything she'd experienced in her whole life. If she hadn't been distracted by the world-ending possibility of being identified by her friends later, she probably would have had an orgasm... or several.
When Claire finally caught a glimpse of Eliza, she was chatting up the investors. Claire was on all fours with the hands of three guys groping her. It was very hard to think, but she forced herself. One guy was scratching her head behind her ear. When he moved his hand, she saw that his watch said that it was 9:10pm.
"Okay, Claire," she said to herself, "when this pat session is done, just stand up, tell these guys that you have to go, and walk over to Eliza. Tell her that you have to leave."
A few seconds later, there came the inexpressibly lovely and lewd anal vibrations of the Veritail, telling her that the session was over.
"Now," Clair told herself, "just stand up!"
"Fuck, that was amazing," one guy said as he removed his hand from where he was caressing her inner thigh. "She's all yours," he said, turning to the next guy waiting for a turn, "but be forewarned that you're hands might get a bit juicy."
The men around her all laughed.
"Stand up!" Claire though-yelled at herself. "Just do it. Now, damn you!"
But she couldn't. It wasn't just the idea of talking to Eliza as a human that was so difficult, Claire couldn't even break character in front of a bunch of anonymous men. The one who had just spoken was wiping his sticky hand on a handkerchief that he'd pulled from his pocket. His hand was sticky because Claire was so wet that she was dribbling down the insides of her thighs.
Being bubbles was her armour. Claire couldn't imagine the embarrassment she would feel if she broke character.
Meanwhile, the interest in interactions with Bubbles was unwavering. Maybe, Claire thought, the event would end without Russel, Steve and Kyle ever having a chance to get time with her. Claire knew that Eliza would never prioritize three nobody graduate students over the investors.
She figured that she'd easily cleared $1500 in tips, on top of the base $500 fee. This one night of income was going to be amazing!
"Hello Bubbles." Claire looked up to see who had spoken. He was huge. "Would you like to come play with us?"
There were four of them. They were all huge. Their suits looked expensive and definitely weren't off the rack.
These four somehow seemed less refined and Claire felt more intimidated by them than the other groups she'd interacted with, but she said, "arf!" and wagged her tail, because she couldn't think of a legitimate reason to say "grrrr."
This was usually when one of the men would explain what they wanted and there would be a brief negotiation, but this time, before anyone could say anything, there was an announcement over the PA asking all the investors to gather around in ten minutes, for a wrap up. Claire figured this was code for Eliza making a last minute plug for further investment.
"So we've only got a few minutes," one of the men said. They asked Claire for a session of pats. All four of them at once for four minutes. That was a long session and they were mountains of muscle, but at Claire's going rate of $20 a minute each, that was going to be $320.
"Arf!" Claire said and woofed 32 times to set up the operating system to request the payment from their phone apps.
The men worked their phones. The operating system simultaneously caused a vibration in Claire's bum via the Veritail, and let the men know that their payment had been accepted and their four minutes were starting.
Claire was surprised when two of them grabbed her by her biceps and thighs and lifted her onto a nearby table. Even her thighs seemed small compared to the huge pair of hands that grabbed them. They lifted her like she weighed nothing.
They started patting her while laughing and chatting. She quickly learned that these four guys played for the NFL and had lots of money. They were excited about the Veritail and their decision to invest in it, but as their pats progressed toward gropes, they started talking more about Claire and how much they liked her.
They were actually just talking about how much they liked various aspects of her naked body. They immediately fell into the familiar pattern of just talking about Claire in the 3rd person. Pretty soon they were openly groping her tits and ass, and they started talking about what a "sweet little fuck" she would be.
Claire could have growled. These men were huge and the firm squeezes of their gropes were getting increasingly intimate. Claire should have growled, but she was so turned on she could barely think. She had lost count of how many men's hands had been all over her naked body that evening. Before these four men, the most at once had been three, and these men were more crass and aggressive about it than anyone else.
Claire knew that she couldn't hold back an orgasm much longer. Before that night, she hadn't been aware of making a particular sound when she was really aroused, but that night it was definitely coming out like a puppy whining quietly, "hmmm, hmmm, hmmm."
"Little bitch seems to like it," one of them said.
"Think she's up for being part of our bonding ritual?"
"You mean the one where we get a buzz on while we take turns filling all the holes of some skanky whore?"
They all laughed and kept groping Claire all over. "hmmm, hmmm, hmmm," Claire said.
"First of all, Jake isn't here and second, I'm not sure that Bubbles here is a whore, she's a little too cute to call her a skank and we signed that thing that said we definitely can't proposition her."
"Jake's loss."
"Just 'cause she's not a skanky whore now, doesn't mean we can't make her one!"
They all laughed loudly at that. Claire was disgusted at them and even more at herself because she couldn't help being so intensely turned on. "Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm," she said a little louder.
Claire's butt plug sent a long pulse of vibration to indicate the end of the four minutes. She barely managed to pull herself back from coming loudly in front of the men.
"We gotta go."
"Well, I'd never break our contract and proposition this pretty little bitch. But let's say she happened to find herself at the door to room 325 at say 10:30, and she wanted to spend a couple more hours on her hands and knees. There'd be four big hard cocks ready to fill all her holes and then there'd be an extra four large in her bank account."
The men glanced at each other, nodding in agreement. It was like they were agreeing that Claire was worth it.
"One thousand for each cock. Just saying."
"Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm," Claire said. She was shaking all over.
The four men stepped back from the table. "She's not going to show up. She thinks we're beasts."
"I don't know, she seems to like being manhandled by beasts quite a bit." They spent a moment standing around her looking at her and grinning.
Claire felt shame rising in her as these four huge men in suits, who had just been groping her naked body, continued to laugh and talk about her in the third person.
"Well, we're not complete beasts. The fact that there are four of us and she only has three holes to fill, means that whoever is fucking her tight little ass will have enough time to wipe their cock after they pull out, before they jam it in her mouth and fuck her pretty little face."
One of them gave her bare ass a firm smack and they all left laughing. "Dude, if you manage get YOUR cock in her ass, it definitely won't be tight anymore."
"Yeah, I don't think he'd fit in any of that pretty little bitch's holes."
"Not at first anyway."
Claire was left kneeling on the table, quivering. $4000 was a huge amount of money. She told herself that it was definitely not enough for being gang banged by those four cretins. That didn't mean that the idea of it wasn't impossible to banish from her head. If she showed up at their door, she'd be consenting to whatever they wanted to do to her. She'd seen porn videos depicting that kind of scene. Once they got going, would she even have a chance to tell them to stop? Would they listen? They could call up a bunch of buddies.
Oh, God.
She'd be expected to suck each of their cocks one after another. They'd take video of the whole thing.
They'd talked about fucking her face. And they'd do it right after anal sex. That was disgusting.
She would have to trust them to deposit the $4000.
Oh, God. Women actually did that.
And in that moment, Claire understood how another girl, in her exact same situation, might find herself at the door to room 325 at 10:30.
Just over an hour.
She was still on her hands and knees on the table. Everyone had moved to the other end of the garden. She could see Eliza in the brightly lit area by the wall where the V-pups' beds were, surrounded by all the investors. She was saying something, but Claire couldn't hear it. Her brain was still processing the idea of group sex with four professional football players.
She was flexing her pelvic floor muscles and clenching her bum, making the Veritail go from the fully up, playful position to the hanging down position and back again. The action was satisfying and calmed her as her mind raced.
Claire realized that it wasn't just satisfying. She was still really turned on and feeling how the tail moved when she made subtle movements was keeping her that way.
She was stark naked, outside on a table. She could see the entire crowd of investors several dozen yards away across the garden. And she was playing with a sex toy that she'd inserted into her bum. She was so turned on that bringing herself to orgasm would just be a matter of letting it happen.
She imagined coming just as Eliza pointed at her, drawing everyone's attention back to her. Her heart started to beat faster. Then she imagined that the cameraman was there and she was on the big screen again with everyone watching. She'd be unable to stop. All the time she was raising and lowering her tail. Her breathing started to get ragged. She was going to come! Hard!
"Hello, Bubbles?" came a voice from behind her.