Nobody ever forgets a goddess. This one lives in West Virginia; her name is Jeanne. Her angelic face, gives no indication that, had there been such a category in her senior year college yearbook, she would have been votedMost Likely to Give You a Blowjob.
Jeanne adored amusement parks from the time she was a little girl. If her fascination with cocks could be traced to its inception, perhaps it began there. Intermixed with memories of whirling rides, sugary treats, and fireworks, were two adolescent boys she stumbled upon when she was nine or ten. They were taking a whiz at the edge of the parking lot.
What are those things?Jeanne thought as she watched them holding themselves and simulating dousing The Great Chicago Fire. It was her very first encounter with what she would later learn was a penis and a lifelong love affair with male genitalia.
When she was finally permitted to date in her senior year of high school, Jeanne began to think more seriously about boys' dicks. It both disturbed and excited her when she thought about them urinating as she had seen almost a decade earlier. How could something as unpleasant as piss be so inextricably linked to something as desirable as a penis?
No matter her reservations, she quickly let a date talk her into giving him a hand job. When she fumbled several times as he was neared his point of release, he grabbed his dick from her and finished himself off. Jeanne watched intently and was thrilled when creamy cum came splashing out. Semen was ever so much more erotic than pee and Jeanne had a new image to excite her replacing that disturbing old one.
After her failed jerk off attempt, Jeanne snuck over to a neighbor she'd frequently used as a sounding board for topics she felt her parents would handle too judgmentally and her friends too derisively. He was a couple of years older than she and definitely someone she wasn't "interested" in. Still, he had showed her "his" when she asked and counseled her about kissing and petting before her first date.
Truth be told, James had had considerable leeway with Jeanne's body as she let him experiment under the auspices of educating her. He was more than patient as he allowed her to use his cock to practice her stroking technique. When the subject of oral sex arose, he again permitted Jeanne to use his dick as a learning aid.
Being somewhat better endowed than most of Jeanne's dates, he even helped her to learn how to deep throat. It was with his cock in her throat that she had her first orgasm. She was shocked and even had to ask him to confirm what she'd experienced. After that, he couldn't keep her off his dick. James proved to be quite the trooper.
For several years, Jeanne had no rational explanation for why she could cum just by sucking cock. It wasn't until she kept jumping when her mouth was examined that Jeanne's doctor told her she suffered extreme erethism of her lips, tongue, and throat.
Jeanne met future best friend Arley at the same exact same moment she met her first husband. It was a typical WVU kegger on a freezing Friday in late February, her second semester in Morgantown. Like most students who used college as an excuse for a forty-eight month party first and an education second, Jeanne took to Morgantown weekend bacchanalia like the state's U.S. Senators to a federal highway bill.
Jeanne was having a great time and, like others at the party, rounding nicely into spring break form when a voice said, "Hi, remember me?" She knew Dennis casually from high school but almost didn't recognize him. He'd grown taller, had filled out nicely, his face had cleared up, and along with his charming roommate, Arley, had become exceedingly funny. She didn't stop laughing all night.
For his part, Dennis remembered Jeanne all to well. He'd had the fiercest crush on her but, of course, so did everyone else in high school. They shared an elective course in history his senior year but two aisles to her left was as close as he'd gotten then.
Dennis asked Jeanne out. She had no trouble getting into his pants on the first date and thoroughly enjoyed the hand job she gave him. When his fountain finally spouted, Jeanne was delighted at the height and volume of the semen shower that jetted from his dick. They began dating.
When Dennis told her he and Arley were driving to Florida for spring break and asked her to go along, she accepted without hesitation. In addition to being the most beautiful, sensuous, and sexiest woman he'd ever known, Jeanne also was the most adventurous.
South Florida was, in the quasi-word heard so often there, unfuckingbelievable. The trio shared a room...and more. Kissing, fondling, nudity, and even casual sex went on day and night as kids from all over the northeastern United States wandered in and out of their motel room like it was a dormitory common area. Jeanne made out with more guys in a single week than she had in her entire life up to that time and she handed out (so to speak) a fair share of hand jobs.
After she watched Dennis and Arley being sucked off by a pair of Pi Phi's from College Park, Jeanne didn't hesitate to offer her favorite sexual treat to any guy that tickled her fancy, even if Dennis was watching her. On their final night in Fort Lauderdale, they over did. Dennis had effectively passed out before they tumbled drunkenly into the king sized bed they'd shared all week.
Jeanne had avoided intercourse all week, even with Dennis but with her boyfriend snoring lightly to her right, Jeanne let Arley enter from her left and gloried in the fucking he gave her. Although he was only slightly larger than Dennis, Jeanne praised Arley for his size and told him she loved his dick. In the morning while Dennis went for coffee, Jeanne sucked Arley off for the first time.
Back in Morgantown, Jeanne decided she'd like more of what Arley delivered in Florida. In an effort to judge her boyfriend's receptivity to such a relationship, she confided that she'd like to have sex with Arley some time. In fact, she'd like to have a threesome with both of them.
Dennis loved Jeanne and loved sex even more. Her first double penetration with Dennis in her cunt and Arley in her mouth left Jeanne weak even into the next day. Never had she been so excited; never had she come so hard.
Jeanne continued fucking Arley, both with and without her boyfriend, even as she became serious with Dennis. For his part, Dennis was the least jealous male she'd had ever met. If he came back to the apartment and found his girlfriend in bed with his roommate, he'd say something like, "Don't make too much noise, I want to watch the game."
Dennis led Jeanne on a sexual journey she'd never imagined: trips to stripper bars and adult stores, pornography watching, vibrator and dildo play, swinging with other couples, threesomes with other men (and once with another woman). It opened Jeanne's mind and defined a new version of morality. Jeanne enjoyed it immensely. The quest for orgasms -- both hers, and to some extent, even more, her partners' -- became a sort of life ethic.
After Arley flunked out at the end of his sophomore year and moved back home to figure himself out, Jeanne moved into the apartment with Dennis. He asked her to marry him as long as she agreed they could remain open to other partners. Impetuously, she said yes.
Jeanne became highly fond of sucking the cocks of new guys she'd meet. Blowjobs were the easiest sexual act to accomplish. Everyone's clothes remained on. Because only the cock was exposed, only a bare minimum of privacy was needed. If the couple remained anonymous, even on-lookers could be tolerated to a degree. Not only that, but she could cum like a runaway freight train in the process.
Putting her head in the driver's lap while cruising down the highway was something Jeanne was more likely to do than not. So what if a trucker saw her giving a blowjob. In some ways, it made it even more exciting. Jeanne blew both Arley and Dennis frequently as they'd cruise the river in Arley's boat. None of them doubted other boaters watched. Several times they even got an ovation from a spectator boat full of fishermen when Jeanne popped up topless with her arms in the air and her mouth full of cum.
One of the hottest times she'd ever had was giving a BJ on a public beach. Dennis and Arley went fishing and Jeanne had gone swimming and sunbathing with a girlfriend. It didn't take long for some cute guy to start hitting on Dennis's wife.
Jeanne was lying on her tummy with her bikini top unfastened chatting away. Resting her head on her hand so she could look at the guy, she became deliberately animated a few times so she could flash her bare boob at the hot looking stranger. Of course she offered the obligatory, "Oops" [and girls think guys have all the lame lines] and pretended to cover herself but she never re-tied that top.
A few beers later and Jeanne was sprawled with her head across his midsection and a small towel covering her face and his pleasing plump protuberance. Her legs were spread and bent at the knee as she kicked her feet to a slow, seductive beat. Her body was a beautiful gold, covered only by a tiny pink string bikini hiding a mouth-watering bottom and a terrycloth veil on her face. Her top lay discarded in the sand beside the blanket. The rapid bobbing of her head left relatively little for anyone to imagine.
Later, driving home, Jeanne's girlfriend asked her why she let boys take advantage of her like that.
"What makes you think he took advantage of me?" Jeanne replied smiling. "He only got off twice."
"You got off just from doing that?" her girlfriend asked incredulously.
"It's a gift," Jeanne answered, stroking her fingers against her lips and throat, exciting herself, and remembering her day at the beach.
Jeanne never masturbated, at least not in the conventional sense. There were always more than enough males around to make playing with one's pussy unnecessary. Sometimes, however, she would get herself off by playing with her lips, her throat, and her tongue. As the pair rode home, Jeanne's girlfriend witnessed something almost unheard of, sight of a woman climaxing by playing with her mouth.
Despite all the fun the newlywed couple was having sexually, it became obvious to Dennis and Jeanne that their finances were exceedingly tight. They decided to get jobs. Dennis had trouble landing anything but pretty Jeanne was hired immediately. The long and the short of it is that she began a series of sexual relationships at work. She told her husband if she fucked someone else but, in her mind, her fellatio wasn't adultery, and not really any of his business.
Jeanne and Dennis divorced shortly after graduation. Even after the divorce, Jeanne and Dennis's best friend Arley continued seeing each other for sex.