When we get out of the taxi, the air is cold around us. You look at me only for a second with a smile on your face before you walk towards the house. From it spills music that seems to make the ground shake. When we get close to the steps you look over me, running your hands over my hair to straighten it. You pinch at my nipples to harden them and pull at my skirt so that is sits higher up on my torso.
"I want you to look nice," you say, "like you're ready to play."
I look at you for a moment before I roll the band of my skirt up twice, bringing the hem to sit right against the curve of my ass. A little bit of wind, or just one curious swipe from a hand and anyone would be able to see the slit that sloped right to my aching pussy. You smiled warmly and took my hand to lead me inside.
Inside people were dancing against each other, smelling of sweat and alcohol. Many of them wearing tops that strained against their nipples to keep up, and skirts higher than mine. None of them seemed to notice who stared. None seemed to notice the perverts that danced behind them, rubbing their crotches against the rising skirts, and the hands over their waists, carefully tugging at the straining fabric until their breasts could no longer keep up their tops. One woman was dancing with a man that had no interest in playing a subtle game, he grabbed her against him and lowered her shirt with a fistful of fabric. She shook back and forth with a grin on her face, as her tits flew out of the top.
"If only my little slut were so wild," you chuckled.
A small hint of shame came over me as I saw her dance with the man while you admired her. Complete humiliation cloaked me when she saw you and danced her way over to you. She paid me no mind as she began to dance against you, slipping her hands over your shoulders, and pressing her tits against your chest. You closed your eyes, the closer she danced. Her hands fell to your cock and started rubbing it through your pants, and I saw you let out a deep sigh, leaning your head back. She turned her back to line her ass up against your hard cock and swayed her hips, making playful eye contact with me.
Infuriated I looked around until I saw the man that she had danced with. I snuck away from your side and went to meet him. He looked over me curiously as I nervously swayed to the music in front of him. He smirked as I continued. Suddenly his hands grabbed me and twisted me so that my back was against his chest. He swayed against me and gathered a handful of the hem that covered my ass. In a swift moment, he had thrown my hem over my back so that my bare ass was against his coarse jeans. He covered what he could with his palms before he began kneading my skin.
The stranger came up close to my ear and whispered, "When I saw you come in, I was almost dumb enough to believe you were a good girl."
I stepped away quickly to face him, sobered by what he was saying, but before I could understand it he dragged me back, so close to him I could see every animalistic thought sprinting across his face.
"Lucky for me," he began, "you're just another bad girl for me to play with."
I looked around quickly for you again, hoping that you would save me from this, but when I see you, I know that I am not going to be whisked away to safety. You look at me as if you had been watching for a while. You're curious and earnest. I keep looking at you as this new stranger grabs my arm and pulls me through the house. I would scream but I see you silently following us. You're not in a hurry but you don't lose us. He leads me up stairs until we are in someone's bedroom, and then finally I hear your knock on the door.
He yells, "Busy!"
"She's mine, so if you don't mind, I'd like to have her back for a minute," you respond through the door.
I get up quickly before he can object and meet you under the doorway. I look to you with relief when you smile at me and straighten my hair.
You whisper, "Don't ever try that with me again, ok?"
I nod desperately and look down as you scold me, but you rub my cheek softly and I am convinced that I am forgiven, but I want to do more, I want to earn your forgiveness.
"I'm sorry, how can I make it up to you?" I beg quietly.
"Do as you're told," you say back to me sweetly.
You turn around beginning to leave, and I pull down my skirt, preparing to follow you when you turn around once more to me, surprised.
"Oh no baby, you're confused," you say just as sweetly, "I meant do as you're told by this fine gentleman."
Your hand stretches out to refer to him, and he looks at me again like an animal. My eyes meet yours and I nod respectfully before you close the door so that I am alone with him. He stalks over to me and begins to undress me as I stand there. First, he tears my shirt over my head so that my nipples become hard in the chilly room. He laughs when he sees and gives them each a kiss for sympathy.
"Don't worry, soon you won't be so cold," he says comically.
He then rips my skirt to my ankles. He sees how I had rolled my skirt to be shorter.
"A naughty little bitch in my midst yet, I knew it," he laughed.
His fingertips travelled against my skin, into every crease. His hands find my waist and he picks me up roughly before he throws me on my back onto the bed.
"He make you cum yet today?" he asked.
I nodded, craning my head up to see him standing over me, unbuttoning his shirt and throwing it aside.
"Well," he began as he struggled his cock free from his jeans, "maybe I'll make you feel even better, ok?"
I nodded again. Even though all I could think about was you and how I hoped by doing this you would reward me, I couldn't shake what was happening right now. This naked stranger began running his tongue up my leg slowly, until he was over my pussy. I thought about you, and then you again, and then you until my mind was freed of every thought but the tongue that was suddenly licking my pussy lips. His tongue slobbered against my cunt, licking out every crevice, plunging in and out of me. I couldn't keep a single moan inside of me. The stranger smiled and then brought his lips to my ear.
"That feel nice, baby?" he whispered.
"Yes" I gasped.
He laughed gently and then slipped away. His hands reached into his pockets and he unwrapped a condom, getting ready to use my cunt up completely.
"Better play it safe with you," he said softly, "I don't know where you have been, and based on how easy this was..." he trailed off.
He cuffed my hands in his, and held them against the bed, as his thick cock slipped over my pussy.
"You know what they say about easy girls," he began to tease.
I shook my head in shame and twisted my wrists to sit more comfortably under his grasp. My chest lifted with every breath, and though the stranger had promised to keep me warmer, my tits were still hard under his gaze, and though I was sure I only wanted you, my pussy was wet with anticipation.
"They say easy girls," he continued, watching me closely, "don't feel nearly as good to fuck."
He kept his curious gaze over me and brought his cock closer against my cunt. He laughed slightly as he saw my embarrassment grow. He grazed his cock against my pussy enough to wet it with the excitement he had milked from me. Then slowly he pressed his hard dick into me, until his balls sat against my ass. The tongue that made me melt was inches away from mine now.
Finally, he whispered to me, "I think it's the wet, hungry cunts that feel the best to fuck."
He pulled out and then plowed into me harder and faster this time. With every thrust giving me a second after to adjust to his size inside of me. He stroked my cheek and neck and looked into my eyes again.
"What do you think, you wet, hungry cunt?" he said with his breath against my neck, "you think you feel good to fuck?"
I nodded with shame, which made him laugh again. He thrusted into me harder this time and then mockingly nodded back. His pace picked up and he fucked me harder every time his cock plunged into me. He closed his eyes and thrust his dick deeper into me. The grip on my wrists tightened under one hand, the grip on my body loose under the other, as he stroked his hand over my side, curving it over my breasts. As much as I wanted to restrain myself for the sake of my dignity, it was getting harder to not moan as he used my body like this. Every time he skimmed over my breasts, I breathed deeper, every thrust split me in pure pleasure. Eventually I moaned as he breathed against me heavily. Euphoria was taking over me, soon I was scratching at his back, and holding up my hips so that I could meet his thrusts. As I held on to him, he grabbed my torso and flipped us over so that I was on top of him. He smiled to see what I would do having him like this, but I was too wrapped up in chasing my orgasm to notice for too long. I rode his cock, holding onto his chest for balance. Feeling every inch of him press into my cunt. I kept fucking him harder against the mattress until he swore under his breath at his orgasm.
Slick with sweat he patted my legs to get off him. I scurried to sit next to him as he rolled out of bed and begun to dress. He swiped on his shirt and pulled up his pants and strode for the door, ready to leave me dressed in only a thin sheet from the bed, and the potent smell of being used.
"I was right," he said, his face to the door, "hungry cunts feel the best to fuck."
He looked back at me and winked before he strutted out the door fixing his clothes as if he didn't just get fucked. As he left, you came in. You didn't come to be next to me, but rather stood by the door frame, proudly leaning against it with your arms crossed. You smiled as you looked me over.
"Have a good time?" you asked.
"Would have been better with you," I retorted.
"Clean yourself, we have more to do tonight," you said, raising your hand to gesture to the bathroom held behind a door in the room.
I snuck out from under the sheet and rushed to the bathroom before anyone could come in and see me like this. Before you would invite them to come see me like this.