Allison and I had our routine down, smooth as silk. There is a creek that winds through the city and into the suburbs where we live, with parkland all along it. On one side of the creek is a two-lane road and a jogging path, with benches along the way, playgrounds here and there, the good people of the town go there to jog and let their children play, sometimes they have picnics and birthday parties, all very sunny and wholesome. On the other side of the creeks the woods are thick, hardwood trees and pines, with deer and snakes and coyotes and raccoons, and the undergrowth is pretty much impenetrable. But Allison and I had found a way across the creek that involved one little hop and a step on a slippery log, and a short deer-path led to a gap in a circle of thickets with a beautiful grassy clearing in the middle, invisible from any side. A private little patch of paradise. Our magic circle.
I kept an old sheet in the back of my car. Allison would tell her husband she was going shopping or to the bank or something, and we would meet at the park for an hour or so of wildness. She was a classic frustrated housewife, early thirties, bored with her marriage, her head swarming with fantasies and desires, and it was my good luck to have been in the right place at the right time to make those fantasies come true for her. My own fantasies were exceeded in the meantime. We usually managed to meet two or three times a week in our magic circle near the creek, besides other adventures in parking-lots and playgrounds; this had been going on for nearly a year.
We had a way of communicating through the comments on an old post of a blog that nobody read any more. One would leave a draft message and the other would read it and write over it. In this way we could say, "Wednesday 10 ok for you?" "Yes." "See you there." and nobody knew. Even if someone saw the comments, they didn't mean anything, and they couldn't be tied to us unless the FBI or somebody was analyzing IP numbers. And why would they?
So this particular Wednesday I got to our magic circle a few minutes early and spread the sheet on the ground. It was a warm spring morning, birds were singing, the trees were luxurious with thick young foliage. And sure enough, ten o'clock, I heard footsteps coming through the woods.
"There you are," she said.
"And there you are," I replied. "Looking good enough to eat." She was wearing a new orange sundress, and I knew there would be nothing under it. Lots of skin showing, her tasty throat and arms and legs up to here and cleavage that would knock you down. Allison was a small woman with medium-large knockers that swung inside her cotton dress in the most delectable way, when she let them. She liked to put on a little show when she came to see me. At other times she presented herself in a more put-together way, that suburban housewife thing -- she was good at it, with the ironclad bras and frumpy dresses down to her knees. I was the only one who knew both sides of her. I think.
"Well I don't want to discourage you," she said. She crouched on the sheet beside me and leaned down to kiss me. It was a hungry kiss, and while she was bent over I reached up to pull on the bow at the back of her neck. Boom, like magic the dress opened in the back and then somehow unwrapped from her body altogether, falling in a loose wad on the sheet.
"Wow, that's a nice dress," I said. "Easy to get off you."
"I thought you might like that," she said. "I bought three of them, different colors, they were eight ninety-nine on sale." I never understood why women have to tell you what their clothes cost, and did not follow up on that conversationally. Instead, I pulled her down next to me and rolled over to ram my tongue down her throat while my hand came up to knead a firm, voluminous breast. I pinched her nipple while we made out, and her hands began wandering over my body.
I got my fingers on her pussy and she let her legs fall apart, lying on her back naked in the dappled sunshine, giving me the opportunity to run my fingertips over her vagina and up between her labia, stroking her pussy as it grew wet. When her breathing had evolved to panting I pressed on her clitoris with my fingertip and within seconds she reflexively flung her upper body upright with a grunt and began shaking. She fell back, moaning and twitching, while I squeezed and rubbed her clitoris, and then she started laughing as the orgasm subsided.
"You're not fooling around, are you?" she giggled. "Oh my god, I needed that."
She sat up and whipped my t-shirt and jeans off me in half a minute. I was hard by the time she liberated my cock, and she dove on it, taking it deep into her throat. She slurped on it for a minute, then said, "I know what I want. Lay down."
I lay back, with some idea what she had in mind, and I was right. She sat on my chest and then moved forward until her pussy was over my mouth. She slowly lowered her labia toward my tongue, which was cooperating by flicking skyward, searching for her in the morning air. She let the tip of my tongue tease her for a while, shifting forward and back, very gradually lowering and positioning herself until I was sucking her clitoris directly. I wrapped my lips around it and licked it inside my mouth, and another orgasm hit her. She humped my face, holding the sides of my head for support, fucking my mouth violently.
"Oh, woops, we better go back," someone said, and Allison jumped off me. The voice was very near. Allison had a hand trying to cover those big tits and failing, as her head swiveled to look at a group of people who had filed into our secret clearing.
There were about eight or ten of them. I interpreted them to be a college class of some sort, on a field trip. One nerdy looking guy in an Indiana Jones hat carried a walking stick and seemed to be in charge.
"We're sorry," he said. "We didn't think there was anyone here." Turning to the group, "Come on, let's go."
Nobody moved. They seemed frozen with surprise. And curiosity, having stumbled upon a big-titted hottie sitting on the face of a guy whose explosively stiff dick was pointing eagerly at the heavens. They stood there staring at us.
The group leader spoke again. "Come on, this isn't part of the lesson, let's leave these people alone."
A slender brunette in khaki shorts and a tight t-shirt gave a little laugh and said, "This is definitely the most interesting thing we've seen today. Don't you think so?" She and the others looked at us as if we were some sort of specimen.
"No, I don't," the nerdy group leader said, and nobody believed him. None of them turned to leave.
Allison changed the course of the discussion. "We hadn't really expected company," she said suddenly. "But if you all want to watch, it's okay with me. And you, honey?" She doesn't call me honey but I think she was trying not to give away my name. Also probably trying to imply that we were married. Like, to each other.
I had always thought of Allison as a tease and a show-off, though she denied it. She was the queen of the double-entendre and I had seen her leave many a man speechless after a comment that might have been serious, might have been a joke. She always played it straight though, insisting afterwards that she hadn't meant whatever they thought they heard. What I'm saying is, I knew she had a little bit of the exhibitionist in her, but she kept it mostly suppressed, except for the occasional teasing word posed as an innocent statement. I had never seen her quite so obviously caught before, though, bare-ass naked, riding a man's face with an audience.
"It's okay with me," I said. While I was speaking Allison reached down and took my penis in her hand and began stroking it.
"It's up to you," she said to the group. "You can stay and join us if you'd like, or you can go on back to whatever you were doing. We're kinda busted already. Obviously we can't pretend this didn't happen, and you can't pretend you didn't see it."
"We were looking at weeds and squirrels," the brunette said, without conveying any sense of enthusiasm for the quest.
"And bugs. Don't forget bugs. I mean, insects," the blonde beside her said.
"Yeah, okay, whatever turns you on," Allison said. This was clearly a dogwhistle to the rebellious group members.
"I'll stay for a while," a tall young man said, working his backpack off his shoulders. "This is kind of cool." He sat down on the fresh new grass. "You don't see something like this every day."
"One thing," Allison said. "If you're going to stay, then pinky-swear, whatever happens here stays here, got it? We don't want this getting out, and neither do you." All nodded, including Indiana Jones, and she pivoted her head to check on every single one of them. It would definitely be disastrous if word of this got back to people we know.
Allison was working on me pretty hard now. The brunette said, "I think I'll stay for a few minutes too." She sat on the grass beside the first guy and asked, "Were you sitting on his face when we first got here?"
"Yes, I was," Allison replied. She smiled down at me. "That is a skill that he excels at."
The brunette's brow furrowed slightly, while a smile curved her lips. "It looks like fun," she said.
"How old are you?" Allison asked her.
"I'm twenty."
"And you don't sit on your boyfriend's face?"
"No," the brunette said.
"Well, you should," Allison said. The rest of the group was setting down their backpacks and getting comfortable, including the nerdy group leader. Some sat and some remained standing. Allison looked to be full of mischief; I had the feeling the attention was making it more fun for her. And actually, I thought it was a little bit exciting, too.
We were encircled by some kind of nature group or something, eager young faces, and Allison said to me, "Well, I guess we ought to show 'em how it's done, don't you think?"
"I'll get my tongue ready," I said. I fell back on the sheet, closed my eyes and opened my mouth, stuck my tongue out and began waving it lasciviously back and forth, licking the sky.
"That looks inviting," Allison said. She got on top of me -- she had long stopped trying to cover her body -- and scooted up to place her pussy over my lips. As before, she shifted and arranged herself until I was sucking her clitoris, and as before she exploded in a dramatic orgasm within half a minute. I felt she might have been exaggerating this one a little bit for effect, moaning and making sounds, with her body moving like a snake-charmer's cobra on me, weaving forward and back as she fucked my face. I remembered she had said she took belly-dancing lessons once, maybe this was something she learned there.
When the orgasm ended she fell off me, panting. "Oh my god," she said, "That's the best."
A woman with blondish hair, in a flannel shirt tied at the waist, was sitting next to the brunette. Her eyes were sparkling as she watched us. When Allison fell back the blonde said, "Oh my god, that was amazing." Allison smiled at her and nodded, out of breath.
The guy who had sat down first had a ridiculous bulge in his shorts.
Allison reached over and started jacking me off very sensuously. My cock was hard enough to explode, juice running down the sides of the shaft. She leaned over and took it in her mouth.
Now she was showing off. She leaned in such a way that everybody had a good view as she sucked on the head of my cock. Just the head.
She looked up and said to the group, "He likes this. I could finish him off right now if I wanted. But, naw. Not yet." She went back to sucking me, taking me pretty deep into her throat, fucking me with her lips. She knows just how much I can stand, and before I got to the point of no return she lifted her head and sat up, keeping me going with her hand.
Addressing the group: "You know, I think I'd like to fuck that. I mean, who wouldn't?" Their eyes were expressionless, watching us, their jaws hanging open. The group had progressed beyond the initial awkward phase and were now entirely wrapped up in the performance.
To me: "Here, you get on top for now." At that point I felt like it was her show, and I was just there as a prop. Which, you know, things could be worse.
Allison lay on her back with her legs apart. As I got into position she said to the audience, "You know, people joke about the missionary position, but it's not bad. It gets the job done, you know what I mean?" I heard a couple of chuckles from the gallery.
I positioned myself at the opening of her vagina and gave a gentle push, entering her in teasing half-inch increments. When I was about halfway in she slapped me on the butt and said, "Oh, he's fucking with me now. He knows what I want. Come on, give it to me." Still, I teased, moving in slow motion, pushing forward into her. For the last inch I flexed my hips and drove into her hard, banging our pubic bones together, and she laughed, "That's what I'm talking about."
Out of the corner of my eye I noticed that the blonde and the brunette were holding hands. I didn't turn my head to look, but both of them were watching us intently, unmoving. Beside them sat the tall young man who had been the first to sit down. Even without looking directly I could see that the tip of his hard-on was sticking out of his shorts, pressed against his thigh. The thing must have been a foot long, or at least it looked like it, estimating from the part that was showing. I did not want to be distracted but I was well aware of our audience. The nerdy leader was in the back, watching anxiously, his assigned task going off the rails in an unexpected way. A guy who looked like a football player was sitting behind the blonde and the brunette, and another brunette, a woman with an ethnic look -- shiny black hair and smooth tan skin -- and a very beautiful face, was sitting cross-legged on the soft grass near him with her hand in her lap. Not playing with herself, my interpretation was that she was trying not to. All of them were perfectly still, watching the show.
I drew my hips back and slammed my cock into Allison. She grunted and smiled. "You like that, do you?" I said.
"Actually, yes," she teased back.
"Okay." I went into frenzy mode, drawing my ass back and jackhammering my cock up into her like a big, fat torpedo, again and again, fast and hard. Allison threw her arms around my back and responded with her hips, driving them forward to meet my thrusts, lifting her own butt completely off the ground as I hit her with the downstrokes.
She is usually pretty quiet. Well, usually we are alone and we do not want to attract attention. But we were beyond that now. Allison began moaning in the sexiest way you can imagine, it was a sound deep in her throat, coming from her chest, an animal sound, carnivorous yet pitiful and helpless at the same time; she was both predator and prey.
And then the biggest orgasm of the day hit her. She was impaled on me and lost control of her movements, her arms closed on my back like a vice as her muscles spasmed, and her sounds turned to gurgly yelps, barking in a rhythm as she took my pounding and gave it back to me. At this point I was fucking her good and hard and had no sense that my own release was impending. That is a feeling I love, the feeling of pure male potency, the feeling that I have the strength and stamina to give a woman what she needs without losing myself in it.
There came a time when the orgasm stopped, and Allison fell back, her arms dropped, her head lay back on the sheet. Her eyes were closed. I gradually decreased the tempo until I was slipping in and out of her slowly.
She did not recover very fast, but lay there enjoying the afterglow. I glanced around and was surprised to see that the audience was starting to get a little heated up. In particular, the brunette in the front had removed her shorts and was leaning back against the blonde, who was fingering the brunette's pussy. She had her palm over the brunette's pubic hair and was working a finger up and down her slit, touching her lightly. Their eyes were on me and Allison, the fingering almost seemed like an afterthought. Behind them, the ethnic woman was leaning against the athletic-looking guy, cuddling up against him, and his arm was over her shoulder, his hand hovering over her breast. The guy in the khaki shorts was sitting beside the two women, and his cock was extended out of his shorts now, or at least four or five inches of it showing past the hem. From where I was sitting the head of that thing appeared to be about the size of a baseball, purplish-tinged, drooling strings of precum from its dark slit into the grass between his legs. Who knows how much was still hidden in his shorts.
Allison opened her eyes and turned her head. She had a crooked smile and her eyes were barely open. I was fucking her slow and deep, keeping it going before we headed into another frenzy. She bent her arm and let it drop on the sheet beside her, pointing at the guy in the khaki shorts.
"Hey," she said, half laughing and half speaking, looking at him now. "Isn't that uncomfortable?"
He nodded. He did not seem embarrassed, but looked down at his hard-on almost helplessly. "I guess it is," he said, "A little."
Allison was gradually reviving while I plowed heavily into her. She pointed her finger at the brunette who was getting her pussy fingered by the blonde. "Do you think you could help him with that?" Allison said.
The brunette looked down and looked surprised. "Oh my," she said, "I hadn't noticed." To the guy: "What can I do?"
"I don't know," he said, "You don't have to do anything. It just gets like this sometimes."
"Sure," the brunette said. "How big is that thing, anyway?"
"I don't know," he said again.
The brunette looked over her shoulder at the blonde who was still stroking her. "Please don't stop," she said. "I am going to try to help this guy out."
She cupped her fingers over the head of his penis and tickled it for a minute, then unzipped his shorts and pulled it out through the top. "Holy shit," she said. Everybody froze and looked at the python this guy had in his pants. It had a thick vein running along the bottom of it, and a smooth, rippled texture along its entire length. The head was dark and huge. The blonde kept her fingers busy while the brunette wrapped her fingers part of the way around the khaki man's cock and began pumping it. I wouldn't be able to estimate its size in inches. It was very long and also thick, and stood straight up in the flickering shadows of the clearing. The whole group was staring at it. The brunette's hand looked tiny holding it. She had begun pumping her hips slightly against the blonde's stroking, and her eyes were trying to close.
"Remember," Allison said, bringing the attention back, "What happens here today stays here." She pressed against me with her hands and I rolled off her. "I gotta sit on that handsome face again," she said. I felt like she was showing off a little bit, though it is definitely one of my favorite things. One of Allison's strong points: she knew what she wanted and was shameless about taking it.
I lay back and she crawled up on me. I stuck my tongue out and watched her body coming down on me. Her thighs covered my ears and I couldn't see from there, all I was aware of was the wetness of her pussy as she offered it to my tongue. I flicked and licked and she moved around on my face, giving me one part of herself and then another to work on. She often likes to delay the orgasm for a minute, and I am happy to suck on her labia or stick my tongue up into her vagina while she lets me work on her.
Eventually she came around to offering her clit to my lips. It was swollen and hard and I made a kind of kiss with my lips and sucked on it, popping it in and out of my mouth. She ground down on me, pushing her clitoris harder into my mouth, until the explosion came. I had my hands on her waist and could feel the trembling start and then amplify into convulsions, even though I couldn't see or hear anything. Her pussy became even more wet and I found myself having to slurp and swallow her salty juice just to breathe.
After half a minute of that she lightened up and then tipped over. I heard a bustle of excitement and turned my head to see the brunette also orgasming, with the blonde fingering her pussy. She had not taken her hand off the big cock that had emerged from the khaki shorts. I didn't know what I might have missed, but it seemed like Allison's excitement had set her off. The guy in the shorts had fallen back and was lying on the grass enjoying the hand job, twitching his hips in a kind of slow-motion shiver. The athlete and the ethnic girl had their hands on each other and were making out, sitting behind the others; she had his cock out and was jacking him off in the open air while his fingers worked inside her gym shorts. Behind them a few other people were hard to see from my vantage point, including the group leader.
Allison was laughing her head off. "Whooee," she said, "That was great, that's what I'm talking about." The brunette was also laughing, but not so loudly. The blonde was looking fondly at her. I did not sense that either of them was actually a lesbian, but you know, any port in a storm.
Allison pointed to the blonde, her limp arm falling in that direction and a lazy finger extending. "You know what I'd do if I was you?" The blonde definitely had a look of lust on her face. "If I was you, I'd be sitting on that guy's face." Pointing at the guy who was lying back getting his dick stroked.
"Oh well, I don't know," the blonde said.
Allison interrupted her. "I bet he'd be okay with that. Hey --" she pointed at the huge-dicked guy whose khaki shorts were around his knees. "You wouldn't mind if this nice-looking blonde sat on your face, would you?"
"I'm not sure I'd know what to do," he said.
Allison said, "Don't worry, she'll show you." Turning to the blonde: "Go on, honey, show him what you like." To the brunette who was still tugging on that enormous cock, after her own orgasm: "You look like you're good for the moment." Looking at the rest of the group: "Is everybody finding a way to entertain themselves?"
While she was saying this she had rolled over and she threw her leg over me. "I'm gonna need a little fucking," she said.
Some of the group now were at least half-disrobed, and Allison and I were totally naked. While she was on top I was able to watch the others, and it was quite a show. The blonde's shorts were already off and she had taken Allison's direction and perched on the nose of the guy with the khaki shorts around his knees. I could see she was talking to him but could not hear what she was saying, but after a few seconds she settled her pussy on his mouth and closed her eyes as she began undulating her hips in a very sexy way. I had the feeling she was trying to compete with Allison, or at least share part of the glory. She had unbuttoned her shirt and she shrugged it off while she rode the guy's mouth, revealing a very nice, lean body with a pair of grapefruit-shaped tits enclosed in expensive-looking lace. Unfortunately the guy himself could not see it, since there was, you know, somebody sitting on his face. But the rest of us could, and it was inspirational. The blonde was immersed in her experience and I think she was enjoying the attention, as well.
The guy's monster cock was waving in the air, and the brunette continued stroking it, then leaned over and took it in her mouth. So this poor, I mean lucky, guy had a woman fucking his face while another sucked his cock. In a minute the brunette scooted around to straddle it. I could only imagine. She used her hand to hold her vaginal lips open and let her body settle on the head of that ridiculous thing, then very slowly slid down the length of it, closing her eyes and trembling visibly. She took the whole thing and sat there as if she was being electrocuted. She and the blonde sat facing each other on this healthy male body, a scene full of potential.
Behind that threesome the ethnic-looking (sorry, I don't have another word for it) girl was on her knees with her face in the grass while the athlete (I assumed he was an athlete, a big, muscular guy) was fucking her roughly from behind. He was giving her a pounding and it appeared to me that that was just the way she liked it.
Allison's vagina engulfed me and she settled her hips down on mine, then noticed the group's leader was sitting by himself at the back of the group. "Don't you have anybody to play with?" she asked him.
"No," he said, "I'm all right."
"This guy's got two girls, maybe he'll share," she said.
"It's not that," the Indiana Jones guy said.
"Oh," Allison looked him over. "You're gay?"
The guy looked a little embarrassed, but nodded. I guess he had thought the others couldn't tell.
"Huh, that is a problem," Allison said. Then to the group: "Hey are any of you guys gay or bi, or curious about it? We got a guy over here needs some attention." She looked around. "Remember, none of this goes anywhere."
It was an uncomfortable moment. Then the athlete, who was banging the shit out of that petite little ethnic cutie, said, "What do you need?"
Allison waved the group leader toward the athletic guy, saying, "Maybe you can figure out how to include this guy in the party. He likes boys."
"Sure," the athlete said. "No problem. We can work this out." Indiana Jones' fingers were already working to unsnap his shorts. The athlete reached over to help, holding the girl's waist with one hand while he fucked her vigorously from behind with long powerful thrusts and worked on Indiana's zipper with his free hand.
Now Allison closed her eyes and rode me like I was a bucking machine. I glanced over and saw that Indiana Jones was going to town fucking that athlete's tonsils while the jock had doubled up his tempo, banging the beautiful lady in the grass with her ass up in the air. He had both hands on her now, holding her hips in place for purchase, and the group leader had his hand on the back of the jock's head, holding him still while he pumped his meat between the guy's lips.
It was a quiet group, except for Allison. She was moaning and yahoo-ing and teasing, while the sound from the group around us was a kind of soft chorus of panting and rapid breathing, sometimes punctuated by a little yelp or moan.
We were all concentrating now, everyone in their own world, like a group meditation exercise. Bodies were moving in an unsynchronized polyrhythm, flesh pounding, fluid squishing, it was like a crowd of people on a dancefloor, spilt into twos and threes but a crowd is a crowd, and the crowdness of it makes it something different, a shared thing, a cool thing. Everybody in our magic circle had partners and had found a rhythm for sex, nobody was worried about what they looked like or what anybody else thought about them, we were all in our little dances, enjoying being alive together in physical bodies.
My memory tells me the blonde erupted first, but I could have it wrong. She was sitting on the khaki guy's face and I guess he found something that worked, because she started moaning and then I saw her pumping her hips on his mouth and nose and then she more or less roared, "Oh my fucking God!" The brunette was perched on his cock, fucking him, and his hips started bucking, ramming that big slab up into her, and she started grunting and whimpering, until she gave out a yell and began convulsing, and that was about all it took. I stopped watching.
Allison had leaned down over me, dragging her nipples across my chest, back and forth, while she took my cock deep and ground her pubic bone up against mine. Her eyes were glassy, she looked like she was nearing the point of one hundred percent depravity, where nothing mattered but her own physical pleasure, and she took me deep and hard and then clenched with a gasp, and I knew this was it. I rammed my cock into her and her vagina was squeezing me, pulsing, contracting, milking me, and I felt everything release inside me. Buckets of cum blasted into her, big gobs of spunk, going deep as she pounded down against me, rubbing her clit against the top of my shaft. One shot, two... my eyes closed, my consciousness grew dark.
Then it was quiet. Very quiet. Allison's body dropped down on mine, limp. I was able to open my eyes and turn my head, to see the entire group sitting, standing, and lying down in a group coma. Then somebody, I think it was the blonde again, started laughing. It was a big belly-laugh, and then somebody else, maybe the athlete, started, and pretty soon the whole group was laughing their heads off. Even Allison managed a grin.
"Well this is a better than average nature hike," the brunette said.
"There won't be any more like this," the group leader said, zipping up.
"Awww," the group moaned in unison, with a giggle.
"Well maybe," he relented.
Allison shook herself back to consciousness and said, "Wow, I need to get going."
"Oh yeah," one of the group said, "Us too. We were supposed to be back ten minutes ago." Their leader gave the athletic guy a loving look, the blonde and brunette resumed holding hands, and everybody fumbled around finding their clothes and getting themselves straightened up for the hike back to wherever they came from.
Allison was dressed before me, but I got my clothes on pretty fast. She gave me a kiss and laughed again, surveying the scene. The rest of them were heaving their backpacks onto their backs and giving each other hugs, and we said, "Well we gotta go, see ya," and we set out down the trail we had found through the thick woods. Within seconds the others were out of sight.
We got back to where our cars were parked. Allison said, "Well that was weird."
"Yeah, it was," I said, and I gave her a kiss, slapped her once on the butt, and sent her back to her husband.