It hit 4pm on Wednesday night and I was finished up work for the day. I worked full time in a retail department store at the shopping square around the corner from my apartment. It was a simple job, my role was mainly to bring out clothes racks from the back and hang them up around the store.
I sighed as I said my goodbyes to my work colleagues, playing with the keys on the lanyard around my neck. As I started my car to drive home I started to feel a little horny. As I'm not the biggest fan of masturbating for the sake of masturbating, I sat and pondered while driving of what I could do to aid my evening sexual activities.
I pulled into my car spot and made my way inside my apartment. On the second storey of a two storey complex, it offered a pleasant view of the road and trees and distant horizon. I opened up my bedroom blinds and began to strip, my navy blue work top was off after my shoes and socks, followed by my black leggings. I caressed my bum cheeks gently while walking towards my dresser. My turqoise bra plopped to the ground next to my ankles, followed by my matching thong. Naked, I opened up my swimmers drawer and ruffled my way through its contents.
I pulled out a bright red g string, it had a skimpy, skinny cut at the front, which if I wasn't careful would show off some of my flaps, the crotch was very slim too and likewise, would wedge its way into my slit. The crotch turned to string quickly, just before the back of my pussy. It had a cute little triangle at the top before the 2 strings returned back to the front. I tossed it onto my bed and pulled out a white crop tee. It had super short sleeves that just covered the top of my shoulders and came down a little below my C cup breasts. I stood by the window and threw the top on, followed by the bikini bottom, modelling myself for a brief moment in the mirror. I grabbed my car keys and I was on my way.
I drove a couple suburbs away to the beach and parked up. It was quitening down for a Summer's day, as beach goers had mainly gone in the afternoon at the peak heat level of the day. But there were still people going for afternoon walks after work and kids swimming in the rockpool. I hid my key in the bottom of my car interior and made my way to the beach.
The late afternoon winds had picked up and I could feel the breeze on my bare ass, funnelling between my legs. The urge of masturbating had risen, I could probably go home and be satisfied, but I wanted to make the trip worthwhile. I found a spot by the beach and stood with my feet almost together, I knew my box gap would be displayed for any walkers on the path behind me. Looking out to the ocean, I pretended to find peace in the afternoon sun by the beach, when really I was thinking about fingering myself to an orgasm. I felt like I was being watched, it'd be hard not to look at a tiny red g string on the beach like that. I dug my finger behind my ass and fished out the rear of my g string, pulling it out as if it was uncomfortable, my finger followed it all the way down to my crotch, peeling the slither of material away from my pussy before releasing it and letting it snap back in place. A keen eye would've seen my pussy. I was hoping there was a few around.
I placed a hand on my hip and another on the bottom of my left butt cheek, carressing it as if I was deep in thought. I was being cheeky, but it wasn't quite enough. I looked to the sides and there was nobody on the beach itself but in my peripherals I could so 3 or 4 people walking by on the path. Without turning back I knelt down and pulled my crop tee over my head, flashing my chest to the ocean. I placed the shirt down under my chest as I lay down, sunbathing in the afternoon sun. My g string had sucked its way between my pussy, I could feel the breeze on my lips. I parted my legs a little to give any voyeur a reward for sticking around. I lay there for a few minutes before getting bored, I wasn't sure if I was being watched but I continued with the show anyway. I got up from my sunbathing position, leaning back onto my hands and knees doggy style to get up onto my feet and went for a swim, topless.
The water was warm as it usually was this time of year, it felt amazing feeling it brushing my erect nipples. A quick dip was all I needed so I turned and made my way to my shirt. As I walked I noticed 2 older men sitting down on their own respective seats starring me down like an eagle. I embraced my exposure, flicking my hair behind my ears and onto my back, pushing my chest out for them to see. I eventually made it back to my shirt and popped it on. The water from my body started to seep through and it became a little see through.
I approached one of the older men by his seat. He smiled at me as I came past.
"Enjoy the show?" I asked, smiling back.
"It's been a long time since I've seen a rack like that, gorgeous!" He beamed back.
I thanked him as I walked away with a slight strut, to allow him a good last memory of me, my ass swaying slightly from side to side, the red string giving me no decency whatsoever.
I crossed the road to the chicken shop, now at peak dinner time. I stood in line, which had made its way outside onto the footpath. I kept my legs straight, feet slightly apart again to show off my box gap, pussy lips and all. I waited willingly, making the most of my exposure as everyone put their orders through. I ordered some chips and stood off to the side, waiting. Everyone else waiting took turns glancing my way, I was wet so it was obvious I'd been for a swim and would be in my swimmers but my nipples were poking through my wet shirt for everyone to see. I decided to slip a finger under my g string at the front, pretending to fix it up for coverage but flicked it off to the side so the edge sat over my clit. Half my pussy was now fully exposed and to help show it off I put a leg back and the other forward, twisting my foot to the outside, spreading my thighs ever so slightly more. The looks continued but increased in frequency and duration. It was now that I could feel my pussy oozing as everyone in line stared at my breasts and pussy.
My order came through the fastest as it was only a cup of chips. I skipped to the counter, my firm ass jiggling slightly with every movement, teasing everyone else with getting my order first and having my privates hanging out. I walked out with my chips in hand, feeling SO turned on. But I wanted to keep teasing myself.
I left half my pussy hanging out as I crossed the road back to the beach. The two older men had moved on since the topless girl in the red g banger had moved on. I walked up to the headland on the path, then onto the beach which wrapped around the headland and onto the next beach. Munching on chips as I walked, nobody had opted for the beach walk, there were still people walking on the path up from the beach but the numbers were dwindling. Nobody had followed me around the headland on the beach, and I could see 3 different people walking ahead of me on the path.
Satisfied that I wasn't in direct sight of anyone I stopped with my legs together, tucked my thumbs under my g string and whisked it down to my ankles, trying my best to keep it out of the sand while stepping out of it. Bottomless on the beach while the sun was still out felt so good, so naughty at the same time. I shook bits of sand out of my bikini bottom and held it in my hands, my thumb stroked the crotch. It was still wet from my earlier swim but I could feel something else, a strand of wetness followed my finger as it went back and forth along the material. I put my chips down and ran my other hand down to my clit, 3 gentle circles and I could already feel the urge to cum rising. I stopped myself there and popped the red thong back on. I pulled the crotch up between my lips at the back and to the side again at the front and continued walking up the beach.
By the time I was close to the next headland I finished my chips and walked back onto the path to throw the container in a bin. I did a quick surroundings check and nobody was around again except for a couple jogging together on the otherside of the bins. I pulled my g string to the side and gave myself another 3 circles on my clit. My jaw opened and my eyes closed as a rush of pleasure shot through me. But I couldn't cum here, not yet. I 'fixed' up my g string to how it was before and walked around the next headland via the beach. At the tip of this headland was a really steep path down to the beach where I was. Generally it was really quiet as most people don't bother walking all the way down just to get to the beach.
Assuming I was on my own but not really caring if I wasn't I started doing some handstands on the sand. I could hold them for a few seconds before losing my balance. If i spread my legs quickly enough I could keep my balance for a couple extra seconds. Safe to say, keeping my balance wasn't the reason I was spreading my legs in the air. I used to do them a lot and got pretty good, I loved to do them in a dress and let the hem fall down, showing off my undies. Bonus points if I show my bra too.
After a few goes I had a look around to see if I had a voyeur, not seeing one I took my g string off and hung it up on a fence pole between the beach and the sand dune flora. I kept going with my handstands, bottomless. Next I pulled my top above my boobs and did a few more with them hanging out. Still unsatisfied, I took the top off and threw it onto the same pole with my red thong. I did a few more handstands before I got a bit bored because nobody was around to see me.
The sun had also pretty well set by now, the headland was becoming darker with each handstand. I leaned over on the next post next to my clothes, bending at the hips. I played a scenario in my head of a stranger railing me from behind after watching my show. My tiny pile of clothes slumped on the pole next to us, me gripping the pole and squealing as I came uncontrollably with a dick pumping away inside me. But there I was, naked and alone, nobody to expose myself to. I leant on the pole for a little longer, appreciating the public nudity experience, sexual thoughts racing through my head. By now the sun had gone and the stars were out.
I left my clothes on the pole and made the walk up the path. My feet ached as I stepped on sharp rocks I couldn't see properly, but my sex drive overpowered the pain in my feet and I powered up the incline. As I came to the last steps before the peak of the headland I saw 2 couples sitting down on the stones laid out around the headland, they were at either ends to the left and right of me cuddling each other, taking in the night sky. I knelt down and snuck off the path onto a grassy hill to the right and watched them. I slid my middle finger back and forth along my pussy, teasing myself. I was so wet I almost slipped a finger inside by accident.
Touching myself here off to the side still wasn't satisfying enough, so I stood up and walked to the middle of the headland and stood with my legs spread. I fingered myself with one hand as I squeezed my tit with the other. I instantly felt an orgasm coming but I stopped. Starring at one of the couples I stood there, legs spread, hand on tit, frozen as I edged. When the intensity between my legs simmered down, I walked back down the hill to get my clothes.
My pussy was throbbing now and all I could think of was throwing my naked body onto someone to make me cum. I picked up my clothes and raced back up the incline, still nude. I reached the top and both couples were still there. I walked to the middle again before putting my top back on, it was still wet and I shivered a little as the shirt stuck to my skin as I pulled it down. Suddenly one of the couples got up and started to turn around. I quickly sat down on the stone next to me and crossed my legs to give myself some decency, but it was too late. The couple walked past, the girl gazed at me while the guy looked away. The crop top which only just covered my tits did nothing to hide the fact I was completely bottomless.
"Did she have no pants on?" I heard the guy ask as they started to create some distance.
"Yeah, what's wrong with her?" She replied.
Now a little embarrassed, I just sat with my legs crossed, heart pumping out of my chest. Part of me felt a reality check of being caught and how embarassed and judged I was because of it, but another side to me said my pussy was still wet and there was still another couple there.
I pulled my wet top off yet again and tossed it aside onto the grass, I bent over to pick up my g string too and put it on top of my shirt. I sat there with my legs crossed, playing with my boobs, gently squeezing my hard nipples as I watched the couple lean their heads together.
Eventually they got up to leave and that was my queue. They turned to walk towards me to head back down from the headland, barely noticing me in the dark. I shot up and skipped towards them and yelled out
"That looked so cute have a great night guys!" Smiling as I pranced past.
They looked startled as they nervously laughed and spluttered out a little.
"You too."
I kept skipping the same way until they had turned the corner, then I turned around and followed them around. They were walking back on a straight bit of path, I could barely make out their shadows but I knew they were there. I got down on my hands and knees, ass facing them and slid my middle finger into my pussy. I gave myself 5 pumps and moaned aloud with each one. I was really nervous myself as I did this so the moans came out a bit quiet to the point I don't think they heard me. Eventually they disappeared so I popped back up the headland and put my clothes back on and followed their track back down to the main road.
As I was walking down I noticed my hair had started to dry so I quickly splashed some water on myself at one of the taps by the beach, just to give everyone the impression I had been for a swim and wasn't just flashing my g string for fun, which I most definitely was.
I crossed the road and sat down at the bus stop. It felt so daring being in a crop tee and a g string by the main road. Cars whizzed by as I waited for a bus. In the meantime I played around with my legs, opening and closing them, flashing half my pussy to every odd car. I continued to dig my fingers under the front of my bikini bottom, peeling it away from my pussy and then fixing it back up again. Cars flew by. I propped my feet up on the seat on either side of my bum and pulled the crotch to the side, fully showing my pussy to the next lot of cars. I peeled my wet top up and pressed my bare nipples into my knees, nobody could see them but the feeling of my bare breasts against myself was turning me on, especially with my pussy feeling the breeze and occasional glare from a driver.
Eventually the bus came and I stood up and signalled it. I had put my bikini bottom back on properly and pulled my top down to actually cover my bits like they were intended to to at least give myself some dignity. The bus stopped and the doors opened. The man driving it looked at my crotch first then up to my face.
"Hey sorry someone stole my bag while I was swimming could I get a ride for free?" I asked
He sighed as he put a hand to his head thinking of what to do.
"Does this help?" I asked as I pulled my top up to flash him my boobs.
His eyes boggled a bit before he pulled his straight face again and signalled me to come on board. There was only a handful of people on the bus, most of whom didn't notice what I just did. All but a middle aged office lady who shot me a dirty look as I walked past.
I made my way to the back and sat on the very back seat. I shuffled to the side to hide myself from the rest of the bus goers and pulled my g string off. I held it in my hand while I appreciated the vibrations between my legs from the bus engine roaring as it took off from the bus stop. I hesitated over what I was going to do next but I thought stuff it, I've already been caught out tonight. I wrapped my thong around my wrist and gathered my hair into a ponytail. I proceeded to tie my hair up with my g string and then sat there, naked from my belly down.
The bus didn't take long to get back to where my car was so just like that the bus started to pull into the bus stop.
"Holy shit holy shit holy shit" I muttered to myself as I sat there bottomless with the only shred of material possible to cover my pussy in my hair. Oh well I thought I may as well make the most of it, I stood up early and walked down the aisle, past the back door to the front door where the driver was. I stood there for what felt like an eternity as the bus pulled in and the doors opened.
"Thank you so much for the free ride, here's your tip." I said to the driver as I turned to walk off and gently tapped my bare ass a couple times before hopping off.
Once I got off the bus my heart raced, a few cars drove past, but the interiors were too dark to see if people were looking. There were a couple people walking around still. I waited for a break in cars before I started to run across the road to my car. But I stopped myself, enjoy the moment I thought as I slowed down to a leisurely stroll. I swayed my ass from side to side as I slowly made my way to my car. As I made it to the other side of the road and turned right towards my car, I saw in my peripherals a couple people walking towards me. I walked at a very controlled pace letting the strangers take in my bare bottom. At least I had the modesty to tie my hair up right? I bounced up on my tippy toes with each step, my legs crossing over each other with every stride as if I was elegantly sneaking around.
Finally I made it to my car, but first I opened the back door and bent over at the hips to reach the car key. I pretended to fiddle around a bit but I just really wanted to make the most of exposing myself tonight. The strangers from behind me walked past, no doubt gawking at my pussy and ass bent over just for them. I imagined one of them being daring enough to grope me and whisper into my ear how much of a dirty slut I was, I couldn't of been more inviting after all. Snapping back to reality, I hopped in my car and drove myself home.
Still bottomless, I pulled into my car spot and walked towards the entry, almost disappointed nobody saw me. Before unlocking the front entry door to the units I took my top off and hung it over my shoulder. As I unlocked the door to go in I heard a door slam shut up the stairs in front of me. Wondering if they just went inside, I was quickly humbled as a voice echoed around the corner, followed by a foot. I tossed my top to the side and ran to the side of the stairs and hid under them. There was access to the janitor's room there so I was probably safe there.
I squatted down under the stairs as a couple came down the stairs. The girl was grunting in response to her boyfriend talking about his car. Me in my horny state got on my knees and leant over doggy style, planting my face to the green carpet. I stuck my ass up to the underside of the stairs and inserted a finger in my pussy. I moaned silently as the couple chatted, walking down to the door.
"What's that?" The guy asked, interrupting his car talk to question what my top was doing on the floor.
"I don't know honey, someone probably just dropped it." The girl responded.
Obviously uninterested in her boyfriend after his choice of conversation. They both went silent as they left and shut the door behind them. I waited a little before crawling out of my hiding spot, grabbing my top and making my way up stairs. I opened my apartment door before a naughty idea sprung to mind. I threw my top on the floor and went in my bedroom closet and picked out my go to dildo. It was blue and about 10 inches long with a ribbed pattern through the shaft the whole way.
I walked out of the apartment and back to the top of the stairs near where my close call was before. I sat on the top step and spread my legs, putting one foot against the railing I nudged the dildo inside me. My pussy willingly accepted it, my juices aiding its entry inside of me. I thrusted it slowly, feeling the ribs brushing against inside of me. I leant back and grabbed a tit before speeding up the thrusts. Squeezing a nipple gave me the nudge I needed as an orgasm crept up faster and faster. A few more full depth thrusts later and I pushed the back of my head into the floor with my eyes shut and mouth open as a wave of pure goodness rushed over me, radiating from my throbbing pussy. I kept pushing the dildo inside me, it felt so bloody good, especially after the orgasm.
Everything calmed down after a while and I sat there with my legs spread shamelessly fucking myself with this dildo. I eased off the speed as my orgasm had settled before pulling the dildo out for good. Drips of cum followed, leaking down into my ass. God maybe I should try anal, I thought to myself. I flipped over onto my knees and my left arm as my other arm took the dildo and scooped up my residual cum as lube. I tried to push the dildo in but it just wouldn't spread my ass wide enough. I'd never done anal before so I guessed I was just too tight for a dildo that big. It was starting to hurt trying to force it in so I gave up on it.
However, my pussy was still there, practically begging to be penetrated. My dildo slipped straight into my pussy again and I pounded away, still on top of the stairs. I let my face support my top half of my body as I used my left hand to rub my clit. I started to pump my pussy as hard, deep and fast as I could and it felt electrifying in doggy style. My G spot was getting so much stimulation and my fingers on my clit felt amazing. It didn't take much longer for me to feel another orgasm coming.
My face sank into the carpet so hard as I came, I leaned over to the side onto one of my shoulders as I was cumming but still fucking my pussy and rubbing my clit. I could feel my eyes roll into the back of my head as I came, my shoulder shuddering and my torso rocking back and forth out of control. My feet swung out to the sides and my tits bounced with every thrust, my whole body just tensed as the second orgasm peaked. My thrust rate slowed as the orgasm dissipated, my sexual thirst quenched. One last dirty act, I thought. I slid the dildo in and out a few times, pulling cum out from me. Rolling it all up onto the dildo I pulled it out in front of me and shoved it in my mouth. I bobbed my head up and down sucking on the dildo, getting every last bit of cum in my mouth. I don't normally do this but after the day's events I'd decided I was dirty enough to lick up my own cum.