No one knew all of Shelley.
Shelley was a self-described "good girl with a dark side". She kept it well-hidden, just like she kept other facets of her personality compartmentalized.
She had little real-life experience exploring her dark side, but she discovered a deep, sensual need to do so. What she really longed for was a guy who accepted all of the unique parts of her personality. It seemed like she'd meet a guy who was a great date, but he wasn't interested in exploring anything other than straight sex. Or, she'd meet a guy who liked to explore the kinkier side of his sexuality, but he wasn't the type she could bring around her friends.
She ventured into various online dating sites. Her friends insisted she try match.com, and eharmony, but it seemed like the profiles were pretty much the same. No one really caught her interest. So she explored more. There were more extreme fetish sites, and swinger's sites, but she didn't find what she was searching for.
She'd gotten several interesting responses from a site that was simply a place to meet up. Some were from guys who promised instant romance, long walks on the beach, and wine. Others were more direct; expecting her to become submissive to them, like an "online dom".
Then she saw Jason's profile. It was brief but well-written. Just one photo. He seemed intelligent, so she emailed him a short note.
She was excited when he responded back. The usual banter; such as 'how has your luck been on here'; 'what are you looking for'. They exchanged quite a few messages, and then it led to texts. Lots of texts, playful in nature. The hint of sexual undertones. Texts led to phone calls.
Shelley was impressed. Jason could easily converse about his job, his family, and his interests. She shared some things with him, and they found some common ground.
Soon their phone conversations became more playful, and more sexual. They both played off each other well, and it wasn't long before the sexual conversations went on late into the night. They shared fantasies ... teasing about what they would do with the other. They found each other to be creative and clever, and most of the time the conversations led to explicit verbal foreplay, mutual touching, and intense orgasms.
Wow, Shelley thought. This is awesome, and we haven't even met, kissed or touched yet.
She began to feel free to share very intimate details. How she had often fantasized about meeting another woman for some female fun. Perhaps a threesome at some point. What really turned her on and what she ached for with a partner.
Jason did the same, describing both a dominant personality and the things he wanted to do to Shelley; and a more submissive side, wanting to be bound, teased, and to cede control..
They both led busy lives, in which they bore the responsibilities of demanding jobs, households, families. But they found a deep need to share intimate thoughts with each other.
Still, they connected only through texts and phone calls. Bringing each other pleasure this way was great, but she wanted to take it a step further.
She'd mention perhaps meeting for a drink, or shopping together at an adult store. Maybe someday, Jason would laugh.
Her thoughts would range from "yes I just KNOW he wants to meet too", to "no, I am not getting a clear sense that he does".
So she ramped up their conversations. Describing an attractive woman that she met, and how the appeal of this woman was invading her fantasies. Not just Shelly and this woman, but bringing Jason into the fantasies too. She could tell he was enjoying these conversations.
A surprising thing that came out of some of these late night calls was when she became the more dominant one, taking control of the conversation and describing how she would tie Jason to the bedposts, perhaps blindfolding him ... teasing him with lube, and nibbles on his neck, lips, even his nipples. The sound of Jason's voice as he was getting more and more aroused made things even more intense for Shelley, and this was a bit unfamiliar to her. Almost all of her previous fantasies had been where she was the one being bound. She was the one ceding control. And she was the one would wanted so badly to please her partner.
This was intoxicating, arousing and very sensual and exciting. They would both reach that point where they needed to release; needed to cum. And they did. Often. Sometimes together, sometimes just one at a time.
They shared suggestions of toys and various bondage equipment. They sent each other stories to read. Shelley even shared her erotic stories with Jason and it thrilled her when he told her how much he enjoyed them.
Shelley also shared that she would think of some very erotic situations of them, even when they hadn't talked for awhile.
One of the things they shared was a mutual enjoyment watching others in sexual situations. That forbidden desire to watch other couples in foreplay, stages of undress, arousal, and orgasm.
One night, Shelley decided to create an incredible experience. She prepared herself well; buying a sexy tight dress, shaving her legs and her pussy, and adding more makeup then she usually wore. She went from the more conservative manager role that she was most comfortable in, to a woman who wanted sex and was determined to get it.
Her dress was a beautiful shade of blue; with plenty of cleavage showing. Never hurts, she thought with a smile. She wore a tiny pair of sheer blue panties and some heels. Satisfied, she decided to take a ride to a couples' club she's been to before. This time, she went alone, knowing that a single woman would be welcomed anywhere in the club.
She had a glass of wine to calm her nerves. Surveying the room, she saw a group of young guys, likely married but on a "guys' night", and a few attractive couples. There was music playing and people were wandering around, smiling, flirting.
A tall, very attractive man approached her. Cheesy smile, and it brought forth one from her as he asked "What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?"
She laughed and he offered her another drink. They found a table near the bar. He took her hand and led her to the dance floor.
The wine was so relaxing, the music just right, and the feeling of being in his arms was wonderful. As they danced, his hands wandered down her back, to the hem of her tight dress. He squeezed her ass, and she laughed and pressed against him. He was already hard, and she loved feeling his hardness against her. He slid his hands underneath her dress and raised it up for everyone to see. The curves of her ass were now exposed, a huge turnon for her. She felt his fingers slip in between the edge of her panties and the heat of her skin.
Knowing that people were watching aroused Shelley even more. He spun her around and raised the front of her dress, allowing the entire front of her panties to be shown to the room.
He took her arm and led her back to the table.
Without saying a word, he bent her over the table and sharply pulled down her panties. "Say it," he growled. "Tell me what you want me to do to you."
She hesitated, and he smacked her ass cheek. "I said, say it," he said, more forcefully. She said "Yes, I want you."
"Not enough," as he spanked her again. "Oh my God," she purred, "Yes I want to feel you inside me. I want you to fuck me."
"That's my good girl."
Without hesitation he entered her from behind. He took her deeply and firmly. His hands were tight on her hips, her pushing back on him as intensely as he was pushing into her.
The sight. The sounds. The room became almost still as people got closer to watch.
Her wetness was so obvious, that he would pull his cock almost entirely out of her pussy, only to slam it harder still inside her.
Shelley came hard, but he didn't stop. He was fucking her like a machine, her juices dripping onto the floor as his cock slammed into her.
He pulled her up and her feet came off the floor as he came inside her. It felt like an eternity as he emptied his load inside her.
When he pulled back from her, her gaping pussy was exposed for all to see. Shelley loved it. Being watched, being fucked, with this stranger in front of a room full of strangers was a fantasy come true.
Oh she would have to share this with Jason next time they talked.
Their conversations had been getting hotter and deeper. She found that she needed to be filled. Needed to cum. She needed to be taken ...
To be continued ...