The Secret

Note: I am dealing with two people. Andy, the man who died. Andi, the teenager whose body Andy is trapped in. In the story I use first person singular (I, me, my, mine) forAndy'sthoughts and third person feminine singular (she, her, hers, herself) forAndi'sbody. Eventually I will refer to both Andy's thoughts and Andi's body in the first person singular.
Although this is a fictitious story (or is it). Facts stated in this are based in science.
List of characters:
Andy: The man who died and took over Andi's body
Maria: Andy's wife and now widow
Abby: Andy and Maria's daughter
Mike: Andy and Maria's son
Tina and Ned: Andi's parents
Andi: Tina and Ned's daughter. Beautiful young lady whose mind was switched with Andy
Ryan: Tina and Ned's son
Jimmy: Andi's boyfriend

Day Seven

It was a Saturday, the day of my funeral. It's not many people who get to attend their own funeral. A week after I was transposed into an 18 year olds body, things had really slowed down. Ned had closed the pool store for a couple of days. I could how hard he had taken Andy's death. He had agreed to give the eulogy. It was very touching what he had to say.
Ned decided that I didn't have to start working at the shop until the following Monday. Ned, Tina, Ryan and I all went together to the memorial service.
I told Ned and Tina I was going to wait for Jimmy and we would sit with them when Jimmy showed up. Jimmy finally walked. He hadn't seen me since we had sex. "Jimmy whispers in my ear, "Damn you look sexy. How's your pussy?"
"You do realize we're at a memorial service."
"I was concerned how you were doing".
"Jimmy, you were concerned when we can fuck again." I glanced down at his crotch and could see he had a "Jimmy size" hard-on. "I'm not walking in with you with that huge lump in your pants."
Jimmy went to the restroom to somehow tame his erection. He joined our "family" just as the memorial service began.
The service was very moving. Every except me came to pay their respects to me. I was paying respects to my old life. I had had a great life as Andy, cut short, but still a great life. I was surprised and touched how many relatives, friends and former clients showed up. Ned's eulogy had everyone in tears including me. As we filed out of the church, there was a receiving line with Maria, Abby and Mike greeting everybody. As we approached them, I could hear Maria thank Ned for the kind things he said, and invited us over to the house for a small reception. When we got outside I said, "Mom, I have to say a few words to Jimmy."
I walked over to Jimmy and walked him away from some friends he was talking to. "Jimmy, I'm going over to Tina's house for a small reception. I'll call you when I'm home. I'd like to go out tonight. Make sure you beat off and also bring a rubber." I then walked away; afraid to look back for fear Jimmy might have a hard-on that would rip through his pants. The more I understood Jimmy, the more I realized he would fuck a rock pile if he thought there was a snake under it.
The reception was a blur. I talked to Maria for a minute and when Abby asked me if I would like to go up to her bedroom, I surprised her by saying no.
"Why not Andi?"
"I've got a date with Jimmy tonight"
"We can go up and fool around"
"Abby, I'm hornier that hell, but I want to cum with Jimmy tonight."
"When did you start fucking Jimmy?"
"Last Weekend, and it took me a whole week to recover from his anaconda.
'You were able to take his huge dick."
"Abby, it's not as big as you think."
"That's disappointing."
'Actually, it's bigger."
"And you were able to fuck him."
"At first it hurt like hell. As he eased it in, some of the pain went away and when he finally got it all the way up me, I came."
"Andi, cut the bullshit."
"It's the truth Abby.'
"Man I would like to see that dick in action."
"I have an idea when you can watch his dick actually fucking me."
My new family finally went home. I told Tina, "I got plenty to eat at Maria's. I'm going to call Jimmy so we can go out." I went upstairs and called Jimmy. "I'm ready to go"
"I'll be there in five minutes."
"Not so fast Jimmy. Have you done what I asked you to do?"
"I have the rubbers in my pocket and I'll beat-off now."
"See you soon." I packed my little tennis skirt and a crop top in a plastic bag. I couldn't possible wear them in front of Tina. Things would get a lot easier when I started living in a dorm room.
I met Jimmy as he pulled into the driveway. He had recently bought an old Chevy crew cab. A beater. What I realized later was that the truck had something that most new trucks didn't have, bench seats. The great thing about an old truck seat, if you leave stains, they're not very noticeable. Do you know how many different ways you can fuck on bench seats? The rest of that summer Jimmy and I found out. As we pulled away I pulled down my shorts and panties and put on my short skirt. Next was my top and bra. I replaced them with my crop top. "Where are we going Jimmy?"
"Somewhere fast where I can fuck you."
"Not so fast. I want this feeling between my legs to last. Why don't we go to Jungle Jim's?" Jungle Jim's is a local phenomenon. With more than 200,000 square feet of shopping space in the store, there are over 180,000 products. There were plenty of spots to be naughty.
"Why would I want to go the Jungle Jim's?"
"You said you like showing me off. Maybe I like showing me off. Not counting my shoes, I have two pieces of clothing on. I have a top on that really shows my nipples and a skirt with no panties. At the store, I might accidently lean over and show somebody my pussy." Having been a man just recently, I know how men think. Most men love looking at a woman with a great body and if she has a pretty face, that was just a bonus. Most women tended to be self conscious. They didn't always like a man looking them over.
"I'll believe it when I see it. I just saw your pussy for the first time last weekend and now you're going to show it off to strangers?"
"This is the new me Jimmy. Get use to it." I grabbed his crotch, as predictable, Jimmy had an erection. Men are so easy to manipulate. As we were parking at the store, I pinched my nipples really hard, maybe too hard. I could have cut glass with them. Once in the store, I walked around with my shoulders back. My breasts and nipples were at full attention. In fact they got a lot of attention. I have heard women complain that some men only look at their chesst. I would have been disappointed if they hadn't. I could feel my clit tingle. We started down one of the aisles and I told Jimmy to wait at the one end. I slightly pulled up me short skirt and leaned over and touched my toes. I looked back and there was Jimmy with his jaw practically hitting the ground. I waved Jimmy over and told him to act as if we were looking at groceries. Right then a middle age man came around the corner. I bent over acting like I was looking at something on the bottom shelf. Jimmy just stood there. As the man was passing by, I could see he had an erection. "Andi, what are you doing. You know that man could see your pussy."
"That was the idea." I did this several more times and even did it to a couple of women. I walked to the back of the store where odd items were found. Not much traffic. I said, "do you like the taste of my pussy Jimmy?"
"You know I do." I pulled up my skirt and said, have at it."
"No way."
"Jimmy, do you want to fuck me tonight? Get down on your knees and start sucking my clit." That's when I realized I had tendencies to be a dominatrix. Nothing hard core, just tease guys and lead them around by their dicks.
Sure enough he obliged me. I only let him have a few seconds, but that was all I needed to get a raging hard-on of my clit".
As we walked out of the store to the car, it looked like Jimmy was carrying a baseball bat in his pants.
When I was a young, hormone driven teenage boy, I was lucky enough to have a girlfriend that had sex with me anytime we could. Our biggest problem was finding places to have sex. We found an old road that use to connect to other roads. The road was near a creek and part of it washed out, so this road was basically a dead end with a single house half a mile or so from the start of the road. I would drive down to the house and turn around. This way if any cars started down the road (which was very rare), I could start the car up and just drive out. 50 years later the county still hadn't fixed the washout. This is road where I got Jimmy to drive to.
I only had this new body for seven days, but I couldn't believe how hungry it was for sex. When Jimmy started to drive I became aware that I had to do something about this gusher coming out of my pussy. I actually stuffed my panties up myself. As Jimmy turned the truck around, we parked in almost exactly the same place I would park when I fucked a girl friend over 30 years ago.
It's been said that the biggest sex organ in the body is the brain. There was no question that my brain with this new body, I was going to enjoy fucking for a long time.
"Jimmy, scoot over to the middle of the seat. I want to mount you." That's all Jimmy needed to hear. As he scooted over I said, "Take off your pants and underwear. I'll help you with the rubber." As I helped him with the extra large rubber I looked him in the eyes and said, "Remember what I told you last time, you don't move. I'll decide how deep I put your cock in. One more thing, I want you to suck on my nipples. No teeth." Maybe it was the dim light, but I'll swear, Jimmy's cock looked bigger that the last time we fucked. I pulled out the panties that were in my cunt and waved them in front of Jimmy's nose. "Jimmy, do you recognize that smell? That's the smell of a pussy wanting to be fucked."
Once we got the rubber on, I swung over and started to mount Jimmy's monster. I grabbed his dick and slowly put it up my pussy. Right then I had a premature orgasm. Not common, but some women can have them. I had grabbed the bottom of my right boob and told Jimmy to suck the nipple. I wanted the feeling of Jimmy sucking my nipple and could avoid him kissing me. "Suck it harder Jimmy, harder." At the same time I was pinching my left nipple. The pain and pleasure allowed me to orgasm until I couldn't stand in any more. I rose up and his dick came out of my cunt. I had read that the average woman's orgasm lasts for 13 to 51 seconds. That's bullshit. I don't know if it was the pain with the pleasure, but it lasted a lot longer than 51 seconds.
"Why the hell did you take my dick out". What Jimmy didn't know was that there was a refractory period. Very short for women much longer for men. A time needed to "load up" again before getting another orgasm. As was learning, I had a very short refractory period. I was hoping for another intense orgasm, because I was still horny. That's why I had Jimmy beat-off before fucking me. I was hoping to have him last longer so we could fuck longer.
"Just let me catch my breath. Give me a minute, and I'll fuck your doors off." I was still on Jimmy's lap. I slowly inserted his cock into my very wet pussy. I still struggled with Jimmy's size, but it didn't hurl like the first time we fucked. Is I took more and more of Jimmy's cock, I realized if I leaned forward, my clit would rub against Jimmy's shaft. It was almost like I was rubbing my clit with my own finger. I finally worked Jimmy's dick up to my G spot. I rocked back and forth. I massaged my G spot with Jimmy's shaft rubbing my clit. The best way to describe it was like a roller coaster with small whoop-de-do hills. There was an excitement to get to the top of the hill and a sudden release as you go down the hill. In that position I think I could have continued to orgasm all night.
Jimmy was still sucking my right nipple. It now was just starting to hurt. He said to me. "Andi I'm not going to last much longer." I was happy he had lasted this long. I raised up a little bit and pumped his cock for all it was worth. No more whoop-de-dos for me. I could feel the pleasure growing as if I was going up the big hill on the roller coaster. I was banging that monster cock up against my cervix and it was like I made it to the up the hill and then the floor dropped out. Jimmy and I started cumming at the same time. The problem was, Jimmy was going to lose his erection before I was done. "Jimmy, squeeze like you are trying to stop peeing. Just hold on a little longer" The problem was, a little longer was too long for Jimmy. I finished, but I really didn't finish. I was going to have to employ a new strategy if I was going to finish these mind blowing orgasms.
On the ride back I said to Jimmy, "you're doing great, but I need you to last a little longer. Next time we go out, beat-off both in the morning and right before you pick me up."
"Why twice?"
"I need to finish the ride".
"Andi, it sounded like you really came."
"I still wasn't completely done. You need to be able to keep it up till I tell you I'm done."
If this strategy didn't work for long intense orgasms, I would go to 'slam, bam, thank you Jimmy', where I would start pumping Jimmy for all I was worth and go with quantity not quality.
On the ride back I stuffed my already soaked panties up me again, took off the short skirt, put my shorts back on, took my crop top off and put on my bra and shirt. Oh, the things we do for love, or should I say for sex.
I was glad Tina and Ned were in the kitchen. I ducked my head in and said goodnight holding the bag with my sex clothes behind a wall. Once upstairs I stripped, got a robe on and went to the bathroom for a shower. I noticed my nipples and vaginal were sore again, but not as sore as the first time I fucked Jimmy. Maybe I was adjusting to Jimmy's monster cock.
As I lay in bed, I thought about this night. I was starting to get aroused again. I was going to have to slow down or this poor body is going to be fucked out before its 20 years old.
Almost 27 years later I now realize I was a Formula 1 car running in low gear. This new body I was blessed with had tremendous sexual potential which I didn't realize at the time. I eventually got it to run in top gear. More about that later.