It was after midnight when I arrived home. I took off all my clothes and dumped them into the washing machine. I grabbed a bottle of wine from the refrigerator and sat down at the table.
Jstarted living with me after he enrolled into a college here. Even though it had been six months since he started living with me, he still had not gotten used to my habit of walking around the house naked. Just then, my 18 year old little brother entered the kitchen.
"I wish you wouldn't walk around the house naked," he muttered to himself.
"I am sorry? Did you say something?" I teased him, pretending that I did not hear what he said.
"It's nothing."
He grabbed a glass and sat down at the table and helped himself with the wine. As we drank, we reminisced. Numerous times, I caught him staring at my body. This got me a little aroused and I started to rub myself underneath the table.
Eventually, we were talking about dating and I started to give him tips about getting girls.
"Anyway, the reason why you can't get any girls is because of your awkwardness."
"And how do I get rid of it?" He was on the edge of his chair.
"It's easy. Just lose your virginity."
"That's easier said than done. I can't even get any girls in the first place."
"I won't mind if my little brother sticks his penis into me, you know. Big brother did the same thing. He lost his virginity to me on my 18th birthday."
"Wait, what? Bro lost his virginity to you?"
"Yup, he begged me to help him lose his virginity. We even had sex a few more times after that so that he could practice before doing it with his girlfriend."
He pondered for a moment before asking, "Are you sure about this?"
I leaned forward and kissed my little brother on his cheek. "I'll do anything for my baby brother. Anything."
I got down and rubbed my face against his boxers while stroking his thighs. With my teeth, I pulled off his boxers and his penis sprung to life. I had never seen my little brother's penis and the size surprised me. His penis was much longer than big brother's or even dad's.
I stuck out my tongue and dragged it along the shaft of his penis to his glans. I enveloped his glans with my mouth and sucked off the precum that had gathered. He was moaning as my head bobbed up and down his shaft. My dad used to praise me for my blowjob skill. With his penis sufficiently lubricated, I climbed on top of him.
"We shouldn't be doing this..." he said but I ignored him.
With my left hand, I guided his penis to my vagina and jammed it in. I slowly pushed my hips down and his penis slid into my vagina. He groaned in pleasure as the last of his penis disappeared into my vagina.
With his penis inside of me, I grinded my hips as his thighs while slightly .
"There you go, you're no longer a virgin. I am going to go to bed now," I said as I stood up. He gave me a surprised look.
"Huh? But we're not..."
"Good night." I kissed him on the cheeks and left for my room.
I crawled into bed and waited for him to come in, but I quickly fell asleep. A few hours later, I was woken up by my brother's touches. I lay there and resisted the urge to open my eyes as he licked my vulva.
"There, you should be wet enough now," he said as I felt his penis pushing into my vagina.
"This is your fault. If you didn't leave me hanging like that, I wouldn't be doing this," he mumbled as he thrust his penis into me.
I moaned as his penis hit my g-spot and I bucked against his thrusts. He responded by thrusting even harder. Like a dog in heat, he moved his hips vigorously. His breathing was starting to get ragged. He was about to come.
With a few more thrusts, he came inside of me. His penis throbbed inside of me as he lay on top of me. After a while, he pulled out of me and left my room. I went back to sleep with his semen inside of my womb.
The next morning, I woke up with cum stain around my vulva. Some of his semen had flowed out and dried when I was asleep. As I got up from bed, semen started to drip out from my vagina.
My brother was already having breakfast when I entered the dining room. I snucked behind him and hugged him from behind.
"I had a weird dream last night," I said. "I dreamt that you were fucking me."
"R-really?" I could feel the tension in his body. "What a weird dream, huh."
I got in front of him and sat on his lap, facing him. With both of my arms encircling him, I stared into his face.
"Yup, I even dreamt that you came inside of me. And guess what I found this morning? Semen was dripping out of my vagina."
He tried to look away but I forced him to look at me.
"Don't you have something to say to your big sister?"
"I am sorry..."
"And?"
"I won't do it again. I promise." I raised my hand and gave him a light chop to his head. "Dumbass. This is when you're supposed to tell me how much you love me and that you will definitely do it again."
We kissed and spent the rest of the day fucking like rabbits.
After that, my brother was able to get a girlfriend. He would bring her over and fuck her, while I masturbated to them through the cameras. Of course, we continued to have sex even after he got his girlfriend. It isn't cheating if it's your sister, right?