"Same time next week! Don't be late!" Sandra shouted at her students as they left. They waved and exited the scuba shop through the back door. Sandra took in a deep breath, she loved the smell of the indoor pool, chlorine burning her nose. She grabbed a dark green towel and wrapped herself in it. She dried herself carefully and went to the front of the store.
"Hey Sandra, how was the lessons?" Greeted the spunky girl Sandra hired to sell equipment while she was in the pool with students.
"Good, last group today. It is four, I doubt any customers will come in now, we can close up early."
"Sweet!" The girl bolted from behind the cash register. "I will lock up the front. See you Monday!"
Sandra smiled watching the teen escape early on a Friday. She headed to the locker room to shower and head home herself. She gently peeled off her bright pink swim suit. The full piece was tossed into the sink with little thought.
She walked naked in the locker room, feeling completely at ease in her home away from home. She reached the showers and turned it to full heat. It didn't take long for the steam to take over the small locker room. Sandra stepped into the hot shower and began washing her smooth tanned legs. They were long and athletic, her second sport was running. She was tall for most women at 5' 8". It had always given her an advantage in longer strides.
Once she finished her legs she scrubbed her butt and vagina. No hair in sight on her sleek body. She spent longer than needed while scrubbing her lower region. Her body shook slightly as she passed over her sensitive clit. It had been a year since she last had sex. Masturbation was her sole outlet, and she always got so horney after swimming in the pool. It was her common habit to play with herself in the showers after diving lessons.
"Ah!" She released a moan, the shop was closed, no one would hear her. Or so she thought. One of the students, Greg, had forgotten his phone in the locker room, and came back to retrieve it. He heard the shower and decided he would just sneak in and out, but Sandra's moan piqued his interest. The steam from the shower aided him as he peeked into Sandra's shower.
Her body was lean. Her ass looked to be the perfect handful. His hand itched wanting to grope the flesh. Her skin was a toasty tan, everywhere sun touched, and such, her ass was a bright white. He wished she would turn around so he could see if her breasts were tan as her legs or white like her ass.
Sandra braced herself with her left hand against the shower's wall and continued to flick her clit with her right. She was teasing herself, enjoying the moment. Her clit was hard and erect, she could easily pinch the sensitive flesh with her thumb and pointer finger. Sandra pulled and twisted it, releasing a long moan. Her head shot back in bliss, her short wet locks slapped against her back and neck.
Greg's dick grew hard from seeing the woman pleasure herself. His mind raced, wondering if he should leave like he had originally planned... but the blood had already ran to his hard prick and the brain did not think further than pleasuring himself. He pulled out his thick cock, the veins pulsed with blood. He ran his hand up and down his inches. He was going slow, enjoying the feel inside the steamy locker room. He pulled his foreskin up and down, his rough calloused hands sent small chills down his spine. The rush from the environment exciting him more and more.
Sandra quickened her teasing, she turned around in the shower and leaned against the wall for support. Her eyes closed tight as she pushed two fingers inside her wet pussy. The water poured down her body, beading on her small breasts. Her muscles flexed in her arms as she quickened her pace wanting the release.
Greg watched her and was pleased to see two tanned orbs. He thought how kinky Sandra was to tan topless, perhaps it was the same reason she masturbated in the locker room. He quickened his strokes along his dick that grew slick from the steam and his precum. "Mmm..." He hadn't meant to, but he released his own moan.
Sandra's hearing was sharp, she hadn't moaned herself, her eyes opened wide as she saw Greg mastrubating with her. She did not scream, she had lost her voice. Her mind went blank, and all she could do was stare at Greg.
Greg stopped moving, he had moved too far forward to watch Sandra and there was nowhere to run, especially with his swim trunks around his ankles. Sandra's eyes looked over Greg, he was a toned guy. He was short compared to the average man, and perhaps developed a complex so he worked out a lot. She eyed his arms that were wider than her thighs, pure muscle. She followed his left hand down and noticed his giant cock. She couldn't help but compare it to the size of the last man she was with... and her thoughts danced around the fact it had been so long since she wasreallysatisfied.
"Wow." Sandra found her voice and could only lick her lips after her one word. She walked where Greg was standing, her eyes never leaving his cock. "It is so big... could it even fit inside me?" Lust and the longing to be fucked took over Sandra's mind. She had the fleeting idea to stop and run to her towel, but the cock had a gravitational pull on her dirty mind. She just couldn't let this opportunity slide by, especially since she knew Greg was masturbating to her!
Greg stood still as he watched Sandra kneel in front of him, taking his dick into her own hands. Her skin was burning hot from her shower and it felt so good. She spared a glance at Greg from her position, and gave a smirk. "It's only fair since you were watching me."
Greg nodded his head in a confused and shock stupor. He agreed to her words and lost his breath. He had always watched Sandra, he took lessons at the scuba shop because of her smile. Now her smile was wicked with lust. It made him want to cum all over her face.
Sandra took in his head, it tasted like the pool's water. It turned her on. She sucked the dick more, and went three quarters down the shaft before she choked. It was too big, but she wanted to taste all of it. She decided to lick his entire length, suckling like it was a lollipop. She enjoyed his bitter precum and the saltiness of his smooth skin.
"Mmmm, so tasty." She stated as she gasped for air. Then she proceeded to suck the dick again. Greg was at his limit and he feared he would cum into her mouth if she kept sucking him so hard. His hands tangled themselves in her short sandy blonde hair. His eyes rolled back and he was seeing stars.
Sandra stopped abruptly, Greg looked down at her, not realizing he had closed his eyes in the bliss.
His voice betrayed him, "Can I fuck you?"
Sandra's smile widen, "Thought you would never ask." She leaned back onto the tile floor and spread her legs wide. Greg kneeled down on the tile floor, it would be uncomfortable, but so worth it. He ran his hands along her sleek legs, knowing the strength they had in kicking through the water. He took in the sight of her pink pussy. Her clit erect and standing out. He rubbed her clit with his rough hands and was rewarded with a soft moan from Sandra.
"I thought you were going to fuck me, not tease me..." Sandra called as she pushed into the tile while Greg toyed with her woman parts. Greg practically could hear her smirk and he couldn't wait any longer toying with Sandra. He scooted up on the tile and positioned his body to pound his cock into the dripping pussy.
With one last look over Sandra he then jammed his entire length into her. Her saliva coating his cock and her teasing earlier allowed a smooth entrance. Sandra screamed in shock at the girth spreading her pussy wide, but Greg was relentless. Before she could get used to his size he pulled out and pounded into her again. He grabbed her breasts, they were small and the nipples were hard. He massaged them gently as he tortured Sandra's pussy. Sandra braced herself by grabbing Greg's wide shoulders. She could help but dig her stubby nails into his skin as he made her tremble from pleasure.
Sandra felt like he was turning her vagina into a pulp. It was so good that in moments of him entering she had orgasmed. It was one of those earth shattering orgasms, and she knew she could not go back to masturbating in the shower after feeling her entire body shake. "Ah! Your cock is so fat, it's going to tear me apart."
He lifted her ass off the tile and got a deeper angle. Her wet walls squished him as they positioned themselves better in the hot shower. "Oooh, I love it. Keep fucking me Greg!"
Greg's ego was being stroked as he heard Sandra scream over and over. Her words about his fat cock were like a drug, he kept thrusting deeper into the woman, hitting her cervix walls. Sandra was begging him for more and more, until he felt his own release ready to explode. He had been holding it back for so long, but Sandra's pussy was squeezing him too much. He filled Sandra's pussy with white hot sperm. When he pulled out, it poured out of her opening in thick pools.
Sandra laid on the floor in sexual bliss and Greg joined her. They enjoyed hearing the sound of the still running shower and relaxed on the smooth tile.
"Want to go for a swim?" Sandra asked after a few moments.
"As long as I get another private lesson." Greg smiled sitting up and looking over Sandra once more.
"I will think about it." Her classic smile decorated her face and she got up and gave Greg another view of her fantastically bouncy ass. Her strut out of the lockers kept him watching and before long her hurried after her.