The Taxi eased into my driveway with the driver almost drooling. I'd been doing my usual slut teasing on the journey home, opening my long coat to reveal my black stockings and garter belt, with my large firm breasts and tight shaved pussy to my driving companion. I'd been tweaking my erect nipples, sliding a finger between my aroused labia and regaling my antics of the evening. Telling the driver how I stripped for the Bachelor party, fucked the groom and best man, then spent a few sexy hours in the hotel room of the Glamour Photographer, auditioning for some glamour model work and maybe some boy girl porn work. Keeping his eyes on the road must have been one hell of a task if I say so myself as I was on top slut form. I turned to kiss him on the cheek and thanked him for the lift. He wavered any payment, so I did what any slut would do in that situation.
"Get your cock out and I'll let you come on my face!" I smiled.
Stroking his bulge and removing my coat completely. I noticed the curtains move, signalling that James was having a little voyeur experience, as I wrapped my taloned fingers around the Taxi Drivers quite impressive erection. I stroked the length slowly, letting a sexy moan emanate from my throat.
"Suck my nipples and finger my cunt while I jerk you off!" I whispered into his ear.
He leant forward, placing his teeth and lips around my right nipple and began to suck and chew tenderly. His finger slid effortlessly into my soaking wet pussy as he began to stir his digit with remarkable speed.
The taxi driver was impressively skilled with his fingers and in no time at all my orgasm was surging through me. My head was back with my mouth open, panting ferociously right outside my house as a total stranger brought me to orgasm. My naked breasts were heaving as the Taxi Driver wriggled his fingers inside my tingling pussy. I looked up at the bedroom window and could make out the shadow of James looking down at his slut wife being pleasured by another man. I leant across the lap of the driver and pursed my lips over the mushroom head of his swollen cock. He sighed loudly as my lips, teeth and tongue went to work on his hard cock. I was still not fully satisfied and quite fancied the idea of this cock inside me. A flash of brilliance swept through my mind as I decided to improve on having his cock inside me. Something departed would satisfy my carnal needs far greater.
I took his cock from my mouth, smiling at him sexily. Moving forward on my seat, I began to stroke his gearstick as though it was an erect cock. Smiling back at me, I eased forward until the nob of the gearstick was pushing against the smooth flesh of my shaved slit. Maintaining eye contact and still smiling, I slid my pussy over the gearstick and began to fuck it slowly. Grinding my hips slowly as the vibrations of the engine travelled up the gearstick, delighting my pussy. The taxi driver was mesmerised watching my private little sex show, unaware that James was above us, looking down at his wife being more slut than usual.
"Put your cock in my mouth and come on my face!" I panted as the throbbing engine pleasured me.
The driver knelt on his seat with his trousers around his ankles. His throbbing cock inches away from my open mouth, as I slowly slid my lips over the head and down his shaft.
The head of his cock was at the back of my throat as I began to make a humming sound, sending delicate vibrations along his erection.
"Fucking hell that's incredible!" he squirmed as I continued with the humming.
His cock grew harder and his panting more erratic, a sure sign that he was about to unload.
"I'm gonna come on your face slut!" he snarled, reinforcing his alpha male role.
I removed his cock from my mouth, holding the throbbing erection in front of my face.
"Come on my face. I'm your slut!" I whispered in a sexy hoarse tone.
One of the most powerful spurts of come I've ever experienced, splashed across my lips and cheeks as his cock violently spewed an enormous volume of thick creamy spunk.
The force of his orgasm shook me, triggering my own strong wave of sexual pleasure.
My naked breasts swayed as I fucked the gearstick, wearing a complete face mask of spunk. I rode the gearstick till my orgasm subsided.
The taxi driver handed me his business card as I unplugged the gearstick from my pussy. Placing the card in my handbag, I scooped up my coat and got out of the car wearing only my heel, stockings and garters.
The taxi driver began to reverse his car out of my drive, his headlights catching my erotically dressed body in their beam, which surely would have been visible to any of my neighbours, if they were bothering to look. His car moved on to the road and drove off.
I walked to the front door to be surprised by James opening and inviting me in.
"That was very impressive!" James sniggered "Face full of spunk and fucking the gearstick! You are such a cheating filthy slut!" he smiled.
"Would you have me any other way?" I smiled, stroking his bulge.
James began to undress in the hallway as I closed and locked the door.
"Come up stairs I've got a great story for you!" I giggled.
James followed me up the stairs, some of the spunk dripping off my chin and landing on my naked breasts.
James threw himself on the bed as I knelt beside him, holding his rampant erection as he awaited my story whilst I milked his cock.
I began telling him about my striptease act, then how I fucked the groom while the party watched, and then the best man slid his cock inside me, whilst a few of the party wanked over my tits. I then told him about the glamour photographer fucking my ass on the bed in his hotel room. James moved closer to me and began to lick the taxi drivers spunk off my face, licking my lips with his spunk coated tongue. I embellished my anal fuck and informed James that over seven loads of spunk had been splashed across my face tonight, sending James over the edge.
"Don't come just yet the story is about to get better!" I teased.
James continued licking the spunk from my face and tits as I continued my tale.
I informed James that the guy fucking my ass was a glamour photographer and wanted me to do a legs open shoot with him tomorrow. James nodded in agreement.
"There's more though honey!" I smiled "He also directs Porn movies and has offered me a role, which he'd like me to shoot tomorrow!"
I looked at James as he nodded in a state of shock and smiled.
"Spunk on me honey!" I said, almost whispering.
James unleashed a load almost as impressive as the drivers. My face, tits and neck were coated in his hot white cream, his legs shaking as his cock completely discharged.
"Shall I take that as your approval to commence my porn and glamour model career?" I giggled "If you're interested, he sent a link showing some of his work and the guy that will be fucking me is a real hot dish!"
James got off the bed and went to fetch his laptop. Returning to the bedroom he was holding his laptop as he passed it over to me.
I logged on and began to retrieve my emails. The one from Mark the photographer was prominent. I opened the mail then clicked on the link.
A very professional website filled the laptop screen, images of scantily clad ladies with cocks and toys in every orifice began to scroll along the top of the screen.
I clicked on updates and as an image of a busty young lady wearing only thigh length boots was being slipped a very impressive length. The look of pleasure on her face was genuine, and the owner of the cock providing her pleasure, would be the guy who would be sliding that beautiful cock in and out of my holes tomorrow.
"You seem very keen to be fucked on screen by that huge cock!" James grinned.
"If you're sure you're ok with it, then I'll do a Glamour shoot to get me in the mood, then if things are going well my pussy , mouth and ass will be put to good use by that cock!" I giggled "It will be just me going though. You'll have to wait until the video comes out before you get to see any of it!"
James look a tad disappointed but also hugely aroused, satisfying his voyuer and cuckold tendencies at the same time.
"Just think tomorrow while you're at home. I'll be having screaming orgasms on camera as that cock pleasures me. I don't think I've ever been fucked by a professional cock!" I teased, knowing James was loving every minute of this mild humiliation.
"I've a list of lingerie and outfits I need to take along, which I'll pick out tomorrow, but right now I need to sleep, but I'll keep my garters and stockings on in bed tonight as a little treat for you!" I giggled "But you can't fuck me! I need my pussy and ass clean and fresh for the camera. You can jerk off over me if you need too!"