First story for me, comments and criticism welcomed! This will be a slow burn, and I have plans for several more chapters.
"Well, the thing is Alex, your artworks just haven't really been keeping up with everyone else's. I don't say this to be mean, but I have to be honest and realistic with you." Shit. This was Alex's last hope. It had been a tough year, and he was seriously at risk of failing 12th grade. He had, at his parent's suggestion, been pleading with each of his teachers for any additional credit at all. Art, his favorite subject (and favorite teacher - Miss Andrews), had been the last remaining hope. He was not to be deterred.
"Please Miss Andrews, I'm really in a bad spot with my grades. Even just a few more credits would get me there. I'll do anything!". It was true. Although the year was almost done, he was tantalizingly close.
"Hmmm. I will have a look around for you Alex, but I don't want to get your hopes up. It's very late in the year for this. Come talk to me tomorrow."
'I suppose that's something' thought Alex as he headed home. At 18, Alex was feeling the pressures of trying to decide what to do after school. College would have been the preferred option but for his grades. He was ok at football, and really fit from doing a lot of running in his spare time, but he wasn't anywhere near a scholarship or anything like that.
Arriving home, Alex said Hi to his mom Wendy and her best friend Michaela, who was a frequent presence. Michaela was, in Alex's opinion, super hot. She was a few years younger than his mother and was in incredible shape for a mother in her late 30s. She had shoulder length silky brown hair which was usually tied in a ponytail. She had big brown eyes and a sort of permanent sultry smirk about her, like she always had something dirty on her mind. Michaela had been around since Alex was little, but he still got bashful around her - especially when she was looking particularly hot. Today, she was wearing jean shorts which showed just a little peek of her amazing butt cheeks, which along with her rather bland blouse presented a relatively innocent portrayal of her talents. After taking as long as he dared to glance at Wendy's ass while she leaned on the counter, Alex headed for his room to try to catch up on some homework.
On Tuesdays, Alex had art right at the end of the day. Miss Andrews didn't mention anything to him during class and Alex's hopes were plummeting fast. He had really hoped she would have a miracle for him. He'd have probably picked up trash all lunchtimes until the end of the year if needed. Alex lingered at the end of class, packing up his gear slowly. Finally, when everyone else had left, Miss Andrews came over.
"Alex"
"Yes?" he replied, his hopes rising dramatically.
"I may have something for you. You have to be willing to keep it totally secret, as it probably falls outside the technical assessment rules. Are you willing to keep it totally secret?"
"Absolutely! I really need the credits. I won't say a word, I promise."
"OK. There is an ability to earn additional credits through an 'art research project'. Normally, these projects are done through school activities but there is dispensation for me to oversee an extracurricular project. Although the project I have in mind doesn't probably fit with the intent of the Art Based Credit project, I think we could make it fit if you're willing to help me out with something as well. Now, I should be very clear - this is entirely up to you. I won't push you into doing this, and if you do decide to participate, you will need to follow the rules and instructions very carefully or I will be forced to pull you out."
"Sounds perfect, Miss Andrews, whatever it is I'm sure I can do it."
"Alright. You need to think very carefully about if this is right for you, and whether you will be comfortable. So the situation is this - I run a small art club outside of school: I do lessons in art across all sorts of media - painting, drawing, photography and even textiles. But it has been impossible to find models for the lessons lately, I keep having to fire models which ruins the flow of the sessions - we might work over several days, and changing the model halfway through has an obvious effect on the work. Your 'project' would be modeling for my drawing class this week over a period of 3 or maybe 4 nights. You would pick up some valuable art exposure in a practical sense and be around other artists and creators. You'll be able to experience a professional art studio from within. This is the angle I will run for the project. You'll have to do a writeup at the end of the week and talk about any observations and learnings."
"OK I've never modeled before though." replied Alex, his mind racing overdrive. The thought of being a drawing model wasn't entirely comfortable, but this did sound like easy credits.
"That's alright" said Miss Andrews, "I can give you plenty of direction. There is one aspect that you should be fully aware of though - you would be modeling nude..." Alex could see her looking at him with a funny expression; perhaps a smile but he couldn't quite unravel it. He was internally flipping out at the prospect of having to pose naked in front of not only complete strangers, but his art teacher!
"Ahhmm ok" he managed to stutter, not sure what to say. A part of him was terrified. Other parts of him were intrigued, maybe even excited. Did this mean there would be random women just looking at his dick? What if he got a boner? I suppose there would be dudes as well.
"Again, if you're at all uncomfortable with that, you should say no. There's no pressure here. At all. And it's totally not sexual - that's part of the problem I have been having actually. Lots of the men who have volunteered in the past have been a bit creepy, and there have been issues with them getting aroused or acting inappropriately during the sessions. To be clear, this will be totally professional, and I would expect you to behave in a completely non-sexual manner. For example, if during the session you become... um... aroused, not only does this create an awkward and inappropriate environment for the group, but it... ah... changes the dimensions of the subject."
Alex was conflicted. It seemed such an incredible and easy way to get the credits he needed, but posing naked? He had never done anything even remotely similar. And on top of it all, he harbored serious concerns about controlling his dick. Alex was not particularly experienced with sex - his chief sexual achievement thus far had been an incredible handjob given to him by a girlfriend last year - Alex had blown his load far too quickly for his liking, and now having no girlfriend his main sexual partner was sadly his own hand. Could he keep himself from getting turned on during the session? Perhaps the artists would be old and ugly and it would be easy. Despite his reservations, Alex had decided he had no choice. The credits were just too important to pass up, and if it didn't work out, well, nothing ventured - nothing gained.
"Ok I'll do it" he replied. "But I've never done anything like this so I think I'm gonna be pretty nervous."
"That's quite fine and understandable. And you can pull the pin any time you like, it's important you feel safe and comfortable. If you turn up at 6.45 tonight, I can get you set up for when the artists arrive at 7. Don't worry - I'll take care of you and let you know what to do." She handed him an address on a small note.
Alex left school and headed home, his mind whirling. The more he thought about it, the more exciting it sounded. He was also incredibly pleased that he would be doing something about the credits situation. He wondered if it would feel awkward, or embarrassing to be naked in front of a group. He felt good about his body at least - he played sports and was pretty active. Last summer he had done a fundraising car wash for his football team - he had been shirtless for the whole afternoon and had seen a few women checking him out as they drove past. He had actually enjoyed the looks he was getting and had relished the whole experience. However, he had not been completely naked. Alex thought his cock was about normal size, and wasn't necessarily ashamed of it. But the thought of whipping it out in front of these strangers so they could draw it was simultaneously terrifying and exciting.
Wendy and Michaela were making dinner when Alex got home. Alex couldn't help imagining that there might be some hot woman like them drawing his body the next day. 'I actually hope not' he thought, as his dick was starting to twitch just thinking about it. That combined with Michaela's tight singlet was giving him a real chance of getting hard right now! He extracted himself to the lounge, taking furtive glances at Michaela while he googled modeling etiquette.
Over dinner, he told his Mom that he had extra art classes at school this week and so would be out in the evenings.
"That's awesome Alex, I know how hard you've been trying to get those grades up" she said. "Do you need a lift?"
"No it's fine, I can walk - shouldn't be too late. Thanks though."
Alex helped Michaela with the dishes after dinner. They chatted away about Alex's art (he had told her it was a drawing class). It turned out Michaela had been quite an artist in her youth, and had been trying to get back into it - she had been doing some photography. Alex imagined her photographing him nude, complementing his body and cock. These thoughts, as well as the amazing view down the front and side of Michaela's singlet helped Alex cum twice that night, masturbating over the idea of Michaela throwing the camera aside and grabbing his dick. 'My god' he thought, 'how the hell am I going to avoid getting hard tomorrow'.
The next day passed uneventfully. Alex didn't have an art class so he didn't see Miss Andrews until that evening. Arriving at the address given, he discovered what appeared to be an unused gym. It was in a reasonable part of town and looked like a modern building. Entering through the main door, he found himself in a medium sized foyer, with a series of doors coming off to the sides. A sheet of paper taped to a noticeboard said "Art class room 3". He headed up to the third door on the left. Entering, he found himself in a large, well lit room with three white walls. There were a series of working desks with bench seating along one side, leaving a large clear area where a tall stool was surrounded by small easels and chairs. On one side of the room were floor to ceiling glass mirrors. The room was warm and smelt pleasantly of art supplies and paper, of which there was a stockpile near one of the workbenches.
"Alex hi!" exclaimed Miss Andrews as he entered. "Thank you so much for coming. I was worried you would change your mind."
"Ha, nope - need those credits!" Said Alex. "Cool place you have here."
"Yes, it was a brand new gym that didn't survive the whole Covid thing. Their loss is our gain though, as it's perfect for art!" Miss Andrews was dressed more casually than usual, in leggings and a loose fitting shirt. He noted she was actually quite shapely behind her ordinarily conservative style.
"Ok so we are going to ease you into it - tonight and tomorrow, the class will be focussing on the upper body, so you wont need to be fully nude at this stage. I'll get you to perch on the stool and you can have a sheet on your lower half. The third and fourth nights will be full body. Now remember, it is absolutely essential that you behave appropriately. I would hate for this not to work out and you miss out on those credits..." She gave him a serious look. She meant business, clearly. Alex attempted to swallow a lump in his throat. She gave him some other tips and information and reiterated that he could leave at any time. Alex found out he was able to request a bathroom break, although he was to try and keep disruptions to a minimum.
Miss Andrews showed Alex to a room off the side. There were several such rooms coming off a short corridor beside the main space, with this particular door leading to a reasonably sized room behind the mirrored front wall. It was bizarre being able to see out so clearly - Alex hadn't noticed anything behind the mirror from the other side, let alone that there was a whole room hidden there.
Miss Andrews instructed Alex to remove his clothes and come out wrapped in the sheet when he was ready - by now the class members were beginning to arrive. Alex nervously removed his clothes, glancing at the window/mirror. He was sure it would be possible to see through from the other side, but the artists arriving showed no signs of noticing him as he removed his underwear and quickly wrapped the thin white sheet around his lower half, bunching some of it over his cock. Scanning the small group of artists who were unpacking their equipment and setting up workstations, he took note of who he would be shortly exposing himself to. There were two men, both quite slim and bookish looking. They looked similar and could have been siblings, but were setting up on opposite sides of the studio and didn't seem to know each other. Alex noted an older woman - perhaps in her 50s or early 60s with gray hair and oversized glasses. Two nerdy looking younger girls who must have been college students were next, but Alex barely noticed them as he stared at the woman entering just behind them. Alex's breath caught in his throat and his heart started racing. It was Michaela. 'Oh, shit' he thought. 'I'm busted. She'll tell Mom. I can't possibly do this in front of her'. He needed those credits so bad, what an absolute disaster.
Alex cursed his bad luck and tried to figure out what to tell Miss Andrews. She would probably be fine about it. Then again, maybe Michaela and his Mom would understand if this is his only option. Tonight was only torso, so maybe Alex could explain the situation and how bad he needed the credits to Michaela and ask her to pull out of the future sessions. Then again, maybe not. Alex was beginning to panic and must have been visibly distressed when Miss Andrews returned.
"Oh great, you got the sheet sorted. You look perfect." she smiled, obviously attempting to put him at ease.
"I don't know if I can do this" stammered Alex, completely unsure of what to do.
"Ok dont panic Alex, it's completely normal to be nervous the first time. I promise it gets so much easier once you've done it for a bit." Alex obviously didn't look very reassured by this, so she continued "Look, in the past we have used a mask for some of the models. It's definitely not ideal for some stuff, but for these lessons which are more form-based, it's probably ok. Would a mask help? The students will only be drawing you from the neck down anyway and it might make you feel a little less exposed."
Alex looked at her for a moment, thinking. If he could actually stay anonymous then Michaela and his Mom need never know. Would Michaela recognize him in spite of the mask? He doubted it, he didn't think he'd ever been shirtless near her. Worth the risk? He decided he would have to take the chance. He could always go with the option of explaining himself and asking her not to come to the future sessions if she did identify him.
"Ok I'll give the mask a go if that's alright." he managed to get out.
"No worries. Remember you can stop any time too" said Miss Andrews, rummaging in a bag and producing one of those masks you might wear to a murder mystery party.
'Ok', thought Alex. 'I can do this'. He took a deep breath and donned the mask, checking himself in a small mirror which was hanging on the wall. He was pleasantly surprised - it hid his face surprisingly well, especially given it only covered the top half. His vision was also unaffected so he wasn't likely to trip over on his way out.
"Alright then Alex? If you're happy, we can go get you set up on the stool?"
Alex nodded. His hands were shaking with the nervousness and excitement that were coursing through his veins. He followed Miss Andrews out into the well lit room. To his relief no one seemed all that interested in him yet - they were all too busy setting up equipment and settling themselves. Miss Andrews introduced Alex (thankfully just referring to him as 'our model' rather than his actual name), and helped him get set up on the stool. He was perched sitting quite comfortably in a sort of lean, like you would lean against a bar. The sheet remained wrapped around his lower half, with the top edge of the sheet about an inch above the base of Alex's cock, which was behaving itself rather well so far - perhaps thanks to how nervous Alex still was.
Michaela showed no indication of recognizing Alex, and had begun drawing him along with the rest of the class. As it happened, Alex was afforded a good view of Michaela as the direction of his rather fixed gaze happened to be towards where she had set up. He watched her concentrating on starting her drawing, her tongue slightly poking out of her mouth as she drew what Alex presumed (from the direction of her gaze) to be his lower abdomen. Alex began to relax and imagined that this might actually all go fine. Certainly he didn't seem to be at any risk of being discovered by Michaela, and it had been less awkward than he had expected so far. The class seemed intent on their art and were treating him as the object he was to them.
Having quite quickly become bored, Alex eventually occupied himself by watching Michaela. She looked incredible, as usual. She was wearing dark green yoga type pants which hugged her figure tightly, accentuating her curving hips and ass. Her matching crop top showed off her toned upper belly and just a hint of cleavage. Alex was lost in his thoughts and enjoying this free opportunity to admire her by analyzing the side view of her ass when he suddenly noticed her looking straight into his eyes. He jerked involuntarily and directed his gaze elsewhere, not noticing Michaela's subtle smirk.
The next hour passed smoothly. Alex was able to hold the pose and was quite glad of a break when Miss Andrews announced it. She advised him to remember his pose exactly so he could replicate it after the 10 minute break. Alex scurried into his back room and collapsed into a chair, still very much aware that he was naked but for the sheet. Alex took advantage of the two way mirror to take a good look at Michaela who was chatting to Miss Andrews. God she looked fine. But more importantly she hadn't recognized him at all. As they chatted away, Alex found himself absent mindedly rubbing his dick through the sheet. Having such a guilt free way to admire her body was actually pretty hot. Alex felt himself starting to get hard and snapped back to reality. 'Shit' he thought, and quickly retracted his hand from his crotch. 'Not here for a wank am I' he admonished himself.
Returning to the stool in the main room, Alex did a pretty good job of getting himself back into the same spot. Miss Andrews had to come and help with some fine tuning, gently adjusting Alex's arms into the correct place. Standing behind him and adjusting his arms by gently holding him, Alex was all of a sudden aware of how small and gentle her hands were. Her light touch, and the knowledge that he was naked under the sheet was combining to make Alex a bit flustered. This was exacerbated when she then moved around in front of him and adjusted the towel where it was wrapped around his abdomen. Gently sliding her fingers into the gap between the sheet and Alex's abs, she carefully pulled it down until it was in the correct place. This was too much for Alex, and his heart started beating faster as she fussed with the sheet around his hips. To his horror, Alex felt his dick starting to swell. Having her hands this close to his navel and waist was really arousing. Alex tried desperately to think of something unsexy, conjuring up images of a wasp nest that he had found last week, as well as old people and his pet dog. To his relief, Alex's dick stopped growing, and remained at a manageable semi-erect state, gently pushing against the crumpled sheet but at this stage under control. Having got the sheet sorted and Alex posed, Miss Andrews directed the class to resume their work. Alex let out a sigh of relief.
Leah Andrews would be lying if she said she hadn't noticed how good looking young Alex was. She had never really thought about him, or any of her students in a sexual way in the past. But seeing him sitting there half naked and desperately trying not to get a boner was undeniably arousing. She had deliberately prolonged her adjustment of his form, allowing her hands to linger on his soft skin, feeling the firm bulge of his bicep as she maneuvered him into position. From behind him, she was able to freely admire his toned back and shoulders. When she had started adjusting the sheet around Alex's hips, she had taken the opportunity to delve her fingers further than they perhaps needed to go into the sheet, feeling the shape of Alex's hips with the back of her hand. She had noticed the sheet bulging slightly as she pulled it tighter and lower around his waist, showing a very subtle hint of what might be quite a decent package.
However, although she couldn't really resist checking Alex out, she didn't want to make him uncomfortable or be seen to be behaving inappropriately. She pushed thoughts of how close her fingers must be to his cock out of her mind. She had kindly arranged the sheet to best conceal the swelling dick he was obviously desperately trying to hide, and stopped touching him (which was obviously making things worse). Leah crossed her arms to hide her nipples which she could feel had grown firm from all this touchy feely. She strode off to check on the classes work and to cool herself off. She couldn't help thinking about the lower body session in a few days where Alex would be fully nude.
Alex was trying awkwardly to keep his mind on unsexy thoughts whilst also watching Michaela work away at her drawing. He saw her frown at her easel then she looked up and their eyes met. She then smiled and stood up, turning around before bending right over to get something out of her bag of equipment on the floor. Alex was suddenly presented with an utterly perfect view of her ass as she bent over from the hip. The angle was just right - he could see the small gap between her legs, and the pants were so well molded to her amazing body that he gasped when he realized he could see the faint outline of her pussy lips forming a subtle cameltoe. This was disastrous for Alex's attempts to control his cock. He immediately felt it starting to swell and start gently pushing against the sheet.
Michaela seemed to be taking an age to get what she wanted out of the bag and kept adjusting her position, giving Alex a variety of incredible views of her ass, thighs and cameltoe. Much as he wanted to, he couldn't take his eyes off her as his head needed to stay fixed in her direction. Finally, she found what she was looking for and turned back to the easel, standing up in a slow, exaggerated way that showed off her lower back and ass even more, almost like a stripper would work a pole. She looked Alex straight in the eyes and smirked, before slowly lowering her gaze to his crotch. Alex's Dick involuntarily twitched as it continued to grow, and his growing suspicion that this little show hadn't been entirely accidental wasn't helping! Panicking, and with his cock now straining against the sheet, Alex quickly asked for a toilet break and hurried off to the bathroom, hiding his now rock hard cock with the sheet and pushing it sideways against his body.
Reaching the bathroom safely, he dropped the sheet and his dick sprung forwards, now hard as hell. Alex was sure that Michaela had been bending over in such a suggestive manner on purpose, and had never experienced such an open display of tease. He grabbed his hard dick and started rubbing up and down, closing his eyes to bring back that image of her ass and pussy outline. It only took a couple of minutes of him jerking himself until he exploded into his hand, his body trembling with his powerful orgasm.
Having managed to get his dick down to a more manageable size, and having cleaned himself up, Alex sheepishly resumed his post in the center of the main room. Michaela was still giving him a subtle smirk that suggested she may suspect what he had just done. Alex was quite sure she hadn't recognized him, as there was no way she would be this overtly sexual towards him if she knew. Although she was never shy talking about sex or her body with Alex's mom, she had never done anything even remotely this suggestive towards him before. Something about that turned Alex on, knowing that he was anonymous but that he knew exactly who Michaela was. However, the remainder of the session went without further incident. Alex's quick wank at the break had helped keep his dick under control, though he was still nursing a semi until the end of the session when he was able to go get changed back into his clothes while everyone packed up and left.
Miss Andrews was very thankful and complemented Alex on how he had done, as well as his appropriateness and maturity. If only you knew, thought Alex, reimagining Michaela's bubbly ass and the massive load he had visualized blasting all over it at the break. After thanking her and helping her with a few packing up tasks, he headed home where his first plan of action was to hit the shower to relieve the sexual tension that still pervaded his whole body.
He couldn't believe how the evening had gone, and wondered how the next sessions would go. He had one more night of torso only and then he would be fully nude (save the mask) for the last two nights. Alex had no idea how he was going to control himself without the sheet to hide his excitement, but he was also filled with a bizarre desire to expose himself in front of Michaela. In the shower he alternated between imaginary images of her bending over and of her staring at his hard dick while he relieved himself with the soapy water.
Alex was a bit disappointed that Michaela hadn't come over to visit his mom that evening. He had hoped she would be there and that he would get a feel for whether she had recognized him or not. He presumed this to be a good sign, as she surely would have been there to tell his mom if he had been busted. Alas, he supposed he wouldn't see her until the next art class the following evening. He fell asleep that night in a flurry of lewd dreams.
The beginning of the next class followed much the same routine as previously. Alex arrived prior to the class and got himself changed into his sheet and mask in the back room. He waited and watched as all the students arrived. When Michaela came through the door he sat up. She looked even more striking than yesterday, in a white pleated tennis style skirt which came to mid thigh, displaying her shapely, toned legs. Her breasts were jiggling gently underneath a plain gray singlet which was loose enough not to outline her boobs clearly, but tight enough that it was clear that she was braless. Alex was already imagining her bending over in the skirt like she had yesterday, and felt the familiar stirring of his cock, currently constrained by his hands on his lap. He wondered if she was wearing matching white panties, maybe even a thong! Surely she planned to give him another look. Then again maybe it was all perfectly innocent and he was just being a terrible perv. He forced himself to stop imagining the many hypothetical hotnesses of Michaela, and managed to keep his cock down to a reasonable size before Miss Andrews came and escorted him back to his perch. This time, he was able to assume his pose without too much adjustment from her, and the class set about their drawing.
Michaela was again in his main angle of view, but to Alex's simultaneous relief and disappointment, she was intent on her drawing and didn't offer any additional visual opportunities. Perhaps he had mistaken whether it had been deliberate. Alex was able to see quite a bit of Michaela's smooth pale legs as she sat with one leg crossed over the other, however she commonly wore quite short shorts and although her legs were top notch, this view of her thighs wasn't anything particularly extraordinary.
All was going well and Alex was quite comfortable going into the break after an hour had passed. He had decided to stop perving at Michaela and make sure he passed this 'project'.
It was only after Alex had returned from his break and assumed his correct position that he realized that Michaela had subtly altered hers. She had moved slightly closer and her easel had moved to one side, putting her facing directly towards him with the easel in between her and the rest of the class; as she was on the very end of the group. Michaela was looking directly into Alex's eyes and his heart skipped a beat as she slowly dropped her gaze to where the crumpled sheets around Alex's hips hid his more or less constant semi. The rest of the class had begun drawing and the only noise was the scratching of pencils and the gentle murmur of Miss Andrews talking to one of the men.
Alex's gaze was firmly fixed on Michaela as she slowly resumed drawing. He was sure she was smirking, or ever so slightly smiling. Although she was facing directly towards him, her legs were shut at the knees. Alex could see a hint of her nipples poking at the material of her singlet. There was something about her constant gaze over his body, her playful attire, and that sultry smirk that was winding Alex up. His mouth was going dry and his heart started to beat faster as he noticed Michaela shift her legs slightly.
Leah had certainly taken note of Michaela's standard of dress when she arrived, and suspected Michaela was up to something. These suspicions were confirmed in her mind when Michaela moved her work station closer to Alex at the break. Its clever position made it hard for the rest of the class to see Michaela, but kept her right in Alex's vision. By the look of Alex, she was up to something. He looked on edge, his eyes beneath the mask were wide and fixated on her. His cheeks were flushed. Leah slowly began circling the room, checking on each student's work as she headed for Michaela's station. She noticed Alex shift uncomfortably in his seat. She couldn't see exactly what he was reacting to but his eyes were locked on Michaela's position, hidden by her easel.
Alex was indeed fixated. Michaela had opened her legs just ever so slightly as she sat drawing. The tension was killing Alex, he wanted to see a glimpse of her underwear so bad. If her legs moved just a little bit more... Without warning, Alex's wish suddenly came true. Turning slightly on her stool, Michaela moved her left leg towards the easel, moving her legs apart and giving Alex a view right up her skirt! Holy shit! Alex couldn't believe it - Michaela had no panties on at all and he was looking right at her immaculate, bald pussy. The lights were so strong and she was sitting so close that his view was perfect. Alex's dick started swelling immediately with the onset of this sexy image. He involuntarily moved slightly as he tried to cover the rapidly growing problem. To Alex's horror, Miss Andrews was heading right for him.
"I think you might have slipped a little there" she smiled as she approached, "let me get you back to position." She started coaxing him to reset his arms to the proper position, thankfully hiding his erection from the class with her body. Alex was able to still see Michaela over Miss Andrews shoulder - she had closed her legs and he met her eyes. She smirked at him with her sultry eyes. Alex could see that her nipples were now very visibly straining at her singlet. Holy shit, thought Alex - she was clearly turned on too!
Miss Andrews had finished with Alex's arms and was moving on to his sheet. Alex's cock was still rock hard under the crumpled portion of sheet that was currently covering his lower body. Miss Andrews gently pulled the sheet down, causing it to rub against his swollen cock head. The stimulation caused his cock to twitch, bringing it briefly in contact with Miss Andrews' hand through the sheet as it rotated sideways under the sheet. Alex was in agony from wanting to release his cock and give it what it so desperately needed, but he was also terrified that Miss Andrews would kick him out. She had been very clear about not getting sexual and there was no easy way to explain the massive boner bumping against her hand and currently threatening to reveal itself. She continued to adjust the height of the sheet, and grazed the side of Alex's cock with her hand again. He almost moaned and caught his breath.
Leah's hand brushed young Alex's cock for the second time. She wanted to admonish him, send him out of the room for having such an obvious erection, but she was conflicted by several factors, the most important of which was that she was finding the whole situation incredibly hot. Although plenty of naked male models had graced the studio, they had all tended to be older, kinda weird dudes. Certainly none were as young or in shape as Alex. And the fact that he was sitting there desperately trying to hide his massive boner while she pretended not to notice was really exciting. She felt powerful and in control of both of their arousal, and she wanted it to stay that way. She had touched his cock, which was rock hard, twice and gotten away with it. He surely must have noticed but was either pretending not to or was enjoying it. Reaching around Alec's body to adjust the rear side of the sheet brought her chest very close to Alex's pelvis. Sure enough, his cock was jutting out enough that it just came into contact with her right breast, gently scraping near her nipple, which she felt hardening. She pulled back, unwilling to push too hard, and slightly taken aback by her own daring. Alex trying to hide his arousal was really turning her on.
Alex felt Miss Andrew's breast gently touch the head of his cock. The tease of the whole situation was incredible, but at the same time Alex was really worried that she would notice his problem and end the session, probably end the whole project. She had to have noticed, right? But she showed no signs of discomfort, and having adjusted the sheet behind his back, she withdrew.
Alex's cock had ended up pushed sideways across his pelvis, thankfully held in place by the sheet. Miss Andrews' movements had unwittingly guided his dick into a sideways position that he could keep relatively hidden under the sheet. He was able to see out the remainder of the session in this manner, refusing to look directly at Michaela, who seemed to have abandoned her tease for the time being. This may have been related to Miss Andrews' lingering presence near her for the rest of the session. Alex wondered if Miss Andrews had seen Michaela's antics and was keeping an eye on her. In any case, once the session was done he escaped back to the back room and got dressed sheepishly.
After the artists had left, Alex saw Miss Andrews heading his way with a purposeful stride. He couldn't read her expression.
"Alex, about what happened tonight" she opened.
"Um yeah what do you mean what happened" he replied, hoping this wasn't what he thought it was.
"You clearly had an erection"
Alex's shoulders slumped. He had fucked it up, and he was sure she would kick him out. She had been very clear about not getting a boner. He stammered out an apology, blaming his body and not being able to control it. He decided not to mention Michaela's panty-less antics as he didn't want to make things worse by coming off like a perv as well.
"Alex it's ok, I'm not going to end the project at this stage" Miss Andrews said amidst his flood of apologies. Alex was sure he had misheard and asked her to repeat herself.
"I'm not going to end the project. Look I get that you're at a hormonal age and some things are outside your control. And I also think that some of our artist's presentation doesn't help" she said, frowning. "Look, In this instance it didn't affect the actual art as we weren't drawing that part of you. I'm willing to give you another chance, but Alex you need to somehow control yourself for the next session" she said, glancing down at his crotch. "Think you can do that?"
Alex was incredibly relieved and embarrassed, he blurted out his assurances that it wouldn't happen again which seemed to please Miss Andrews. She let him go get changed in the back room and he went home feeling very much like a horny idiot.
That night, Alex produced an unbelievable amount of cum reliving the events of the class and picturing Michaela's bald beautiful pussy which he had etched on his mind while he firmly stroked his cock over and over. Tomorrow was going to be an absolute mission, but he was looking forward to it...