I was fresh out of high-school, spending most of my summer at my best friend's house on the outskirts of town. We were both eighteen, both tall and lanky, though I was considerably more muscular than he was. We'd basically grown up together, and at our small school, we were the only people in the class that the other seemed to get along with at all, so needless to say we spent most of our time in the company of the other.
We had a very close friendship, we'd talk openly about the girls we liked, the problems we had with said girls, and what we wanted to accomplish in our lives. We'd spend weekends at various parties, taking turns being the designated driver for the other, and during those parties, usually out in some pasture in the middle of nowhere, with a bonfire surrounded by pickup trucks, and plenty of beer and cigarettes to go around, we always had a good time.
After one such party where Michael was the driver for the night, we got back to his parents' house to crash about one in the morning. I was still feeling the beers from earlier in the evening, and we were both reliving the sight of some girls dancing naked in the moon and fire light, no doubt intoxicated on cheap wine and cheaper weed. That alone made the night quite memorable, but there was much more to come in the way of things we'd never forget.
Michael's room had one twin sized bed, and a large, overstuffed recliner on the opposite side of the room by the closet door. Though we were close, we'd never seen the other one naked, despite changing in the same room several times. Usually, I'd stand by the bed to change, and Michael would stand behind one of the closet doors. I always suspected that he'd be looking through the crack of the door as I changed, but I never turned around so he only ever got a view of the rear, not that I minded very much. I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist, but rarely acted on it except for when I was alone without the fear of being seen by anyone. Michael's room was the only exception, and with his almost constant bashing of homosexuals, I never felt any threat that he'd be sneaking a peek at my body. I always had my suspicions about him though, and figured if he was looking, he'd be enjoying it.
A few times in the past we'd joke around and try to make the other one uncomfortable, saying we'd sleep in the same bed together when there was only one available, threatening to sleep naked if the other stayed in the bed, and one time we got within an inch of kissing each other while playing that game of bedtime chicken. I was the one who pulled away at the last second though, which was strange, as I'd usually be the one to brazenly cross lines in the name of winning the game. I was always the one to make a grab for his ass or crotch, and I was also the one to start getting hands-on, though for the most part he'd play along and laugh.
I thought about this as I was sitting in the recliner in his room, watching TV as Michael chatted on his computer with some girl a few towns over, one that we both knew he had no chance with. He loved to try though, and never took rejection too badly, at least outwardly anyway. I thought about that almost kiss, and how the look on his face said he was actually looking forward to, and counting on me to stand my ground. I felt bad that I'd given up and opted for the couch in the living room instead.
Michael closed his chat session and announced that he was going to shower, then go to bed and that I'd be sleeping in the chair this time. He'd slept in it the past few nights I'd been over, and he said that after staying up so late to drive me back from the party, he deserved his own bed. I didn't say a word and kept my attention on the TV as he left the room and headed down the hall, closing the bedroom door behind him.
That got me thinking even more about that night, and about how I'd let him watch me change through the crack in the door, and getting a great view of my ass several times in the past. I knew that he never wore underwear, and only donned a pair of basketball shorts to sleep in every night. I wanted to tease him, and part of me wanted to see just how far he'd go to get his own bed.
Once I heard the shower running, I got up from the chair and put my drunken plan into action. I quickly stripped naked and climbed in his bed, laying face down on my stomach and turning my head towards the bedroom door to wait for him to finish. I grabbed my boxer shorts from the puddle of jeans in the floor and hid them between the mattress and the frame of the bed. I wanted to make him think that despite what I was going to say, that I wasn't actually nude, giving myself the opportunity to catch him off guard. I slipped my feet, legs, and hips under the covers, leaving my back fully exposed. The soft, cool sheets of his bed felt nice on my exposed skin, and the fact that I was so close to the edge of the bed away from the wall gave my dick a little twitch as it grew beneath me. If everything went to plan, he'd assume I was covered by my shorts and have to climb over me to get into bed, only realizing I was naked once he was trapped.
I almost dozed off while waiting for him, but soon I heard the bathroom door open, and the sound of his bare feet walking down the hall. He turned the knob on the bedroom door and opened it, tossing his dirty clothes into the hamper as he noticed me laying in his bed. "I told you I was sleeping there tonight, Jake." He had a look of slight annoyance to his face, but under that was a twinge of excitement that the game was starting again.
"That's fine, dude. I'm sleeping here too, though, and I'm naked so if you're going to join me, you gotta be naked too." I smiled my most smart-ass smile at him, and put my head back down on the pillow as I closed my eyes.
"Bullshit," he challenged as he walked toward the bed, stopping with his crotch inches away from my face. "You're not naked, I know you wear boxers and your jeans are empty."
I opened my eyes and raised my head up as I reached down and pulled up my hidden shorts from the bed frame, lightly brushing the back of my hand on his package as I held them up with a smile. "No way," he said in disbelief and shock, "I bet you took a pair of my gym shorts to sleep in."
"Nope, I'm nekkid, like dick on your sheets naked. Don't believe me?" I asked in response, hoping to push him further and get his mind racing on the thought of it.
"No, I don't think you're that brave" he teased, calling my bluff as I pulled the blanket off of me, tossing it behind me to the other side of the bed. I felt the cool air rush over my now exposed butt and thighs, and saw his eyes briefly widen as he looked me over. A slight smile crept on his face as he decided to take the next step of the challenge. "The minute I take my shorts off and climb in bed, I bet you go to the chair."
"Nope, I'm sleeping here tonight. If you choose to as well, that's your decision." He thought for a moment, eyes glancing back to my exposed backside, trying to get a view of more of me between my slightly spread legs. "I'm not moving either, so if you decide to, you'll have to climb over me. Now get those shorts off if you're going to."
Michael put his hands on his slender hips, just above the top of his red shorts. "You're so full of shit, Jake, and I'm going to prove it" he said as he turned his back to me. He grabbed each side of his shorts and started lowering them slowly down his body. He paused as the elastic band was just starting to expose the top of his ass to me.
"Do it," I challenged, and I reached towards him and grabbed his shorts under the crotch where the legs were sewn together. I gave it a sharp tug down, and let go as the garment pooled around his ankles. This really surprised him as he instinctively grabbed to cover his crotch, doubling almost completely over as the shock of what had just happened settled over him. I could see the back of his balls between his legs, and his finger tips cupping over them as he covered himself. Once the shock wore off, he turned around and faced me, hands still over his crotch, still trying to decide if this was real or not.
"See? That wasn't so hard" I said as he stood embarrassed and naked in front of me. "Now let's see what you've got."
Michael tried to speak, but stumbled over his own words at first. "Y-Y-You actually did that. I can't believe it!" His mouth dropped open as I turned over and sat up facing him, not bothering to cover my growing erection as I did. His eyes grew wide as he saw my cock for the first time. "I'll be damned. You are as big as you said you were," he said, his attention locked on my thick shaft and tight sack.
Now things were serious, and I wanted to see what he was hiding behind his hands. I grabbed his wrists with my hands and pulled them away and put them at his sides. His dick sprang forward and up as his erection was now allowed to grow before my eyes. I released my grip on his wrists, but his hands stayed where they were, allowing me a full view of my naked friend. His skinny cock stood at full attention as his balls hung low from his hot shower. I cupped them in my right hand as my left forefinger grazed up from the base of his shaft, lightly grazing the tip as his dick twitched from the touch. "Hmm, it's longer than I expected" I mused aloud, as I let go of his sack and turned back onto my stomach and spread my legs a bit further. He just stood there in shock as he took in the sight of my ass once again. "Climb on in bed," I offered, turning my head to the other side, facing away from him.
Michael said nothing in response, likely too shaken up to come up with any words. I turned back to look up at him, his dick still fully engorged, standing in front of my face. "Still can't lose the game, can you?" I asked rhetorically as I got up and stood in front of him. I reached behind him, grabbing his ass as I pulled our hips together. His cock felt hot as it pressed against mine, rolling off beside it as I pulled him closer. I slid my right hand up his back and pulled his face closer to mine, our lips less than an inch away from each other. "I dare you," I said as he looked into my eyes, surprise and excitement still burning through his gaze. "Fine, you lose" I said as I smiled and kissed his lips, bringing my hand up to the left side of his face. I felt his hips buck into mine and he lowered himself slightly as his knees buckled weakly from underneath him. I pulled away and climbed back onto the bed, "Come on, I won't bite" I teased, patting the empty space on the other side of me, "maybe."
As if in a trance, Michael slowly raised his right leg up to the bed, straddling me as he climbed over me. I felt his hard cock brush against my ass as he positioned himself to lay on his side next to me. I looked over at him, and the look on his face had turned from disbelief, to an excited nervousness. I had him right were I wanted him, so I turned onto my left side and moved closer towards him until our hips were pressed together again. I put my left arm underneath him and pulled him in for another kiss. This time he offered his tongue and I gladly accepted it, pushing mine back into his mouth as his invaded mine. Our bodies started to grind against each other as we continued the kiss, our hands exploring the new found bodies we had exposed to the other.
He seemed to be getting really into it as we went along, causing me to feel a little guilty as this wasn't something I was taking seriously. I thought of it more as a challenge to push him outside of his comfort zone, while I think he felt something deeper than that. I pushed the guilt from my mind as my hormones took over and I began to kiss and lick his neck and chest, slowly moving lower until I rolled him onto his back and ran my tongue down one side of his shaft, then around his balls, then back up the underside of his dick, starting at the base, and finally taking his tip into my mouth before I took all the rest of him in.
I began to bob and suck as my hands moved around his body, eventually finding their way between his balls and his ass. I pushed lightly upwards and I felt his dick push into the roof of my mouth. I released his dick from my lips and then slowly licked from his freshly showered hole, up to the back of his balls, then back down, gently tonguing his virgin asshole. I put my middle right finger in my mouth, getting it nice and wet with my saliva, then reaching behind me to finger my own virgin opening. Once it was nice and wet, I surprised even myself as I put my leg over him and moved my hips up his body. I reached back and grabbed his wet cock in my hand and slowly positioned the tip of it to between my butt cheeks and lowered myself slightly until I could feel his pressure against me. I was shocked at how easily his dick slid into me, and how great it felt to have his cock slowly massaging my engorged prostate.
Precum began to run down my thick, pulsing cock as I rode him, and after a short time, I felt the spasms of ecstasy running through my small, eighteen year old body as even more fluid dripped from the tip of my dick onto his torso. Michael just laid there, looking up at me as I gyrated on him with his sex in my tight little asshole. I leaned down and kissed him again as I continued to stimulate both of us with my movements. The feeling of my dick rubbing against his precum covered stomach, combined with the sensation of his hands running along my back as he began to thrust back into me, brought me so close to orgasm as I clenched my ass and bit into his shoulder, riding him with even more fury than before. Soon I felt his teeth sink into my neck as he jolted and released his hot, sticky load into me. It was more than I could handle at that moment and I shot my own cum between us, lubricating our stomachs and chests as we continued to twitch and slide against each other.
The intense feeling of this orgasm was unreal, as was the volume of ejaculate being forced from me, between our naked bodies. Every time I felt his dick move in and out of me, the muscles in my lower hip and groin would spasm again and again, to the point that I thought they'd never stop.
Eventually we were both worn out, and I slowly raised myself off of him, as his steadily receding erection was pulled from my ass. I lowered myself onto him again, pushing our soft, wet, sticky cocks together as I kissed him gently on the mouth. The pleasure of everything was unbelievable, yet there was something wrong, something off about it all that I couldn't quite put my finger on.
I raised up again, and rolled off of him onto my left side. Michael stayed laying on his back, his breath heavy, and his eyes looking over at me with a satisfied smile on his face. I couldn't take it any longer, so I wrapped my right hand around his waist, and rolled him over on his side, pulling his butt against my dick and just cuddled him for a little while as he fell asleep. I thought back to how amazing it felt to have him penetrate me, how powerful the muscles in my groin pulsed as his hot, stiff, dick moved against my new found g-spot. I found myself erect again as my cock strained between his legs, forcing itself between the cheeks of his tight little ass. I moved slightly, obviously waking him as he pushed even harder against me. Finally, he rolled over and pushed me onto my back to return the favor.
He ran his hand along his stomach and chest as he gathered my cum and used it to lubricate my dick as he stroked it. Suddenly he was on top of me, and with much more difficulty than I had, he lowered himself onto me as my thick, aching cock forced itself into his ass. He winced once he got past the tip, where the real girth begins, and slightly lifted himself before trying again. I thought he'd give up on trying to fit me in there, especially when he moved back and sat on my thighs. He surprised me though, as he moved forward and grabbed both of our hard cocks, now up against each other in his hands. He then leaned over and spit on the heads of both of them, slowly stroking up and down, twisting his wrists, before releasing his own and focusing solely on mine. He spit a little more and raised back into position above me.
Slowly I could feel him surrounding my flesh as he lowered himself down, fighting the width of my dick as he forced it into his own, delicate little hole. Finally, I was in and he was sitting completely against my hips. He preformed many of the same movements I had, until he tried to lay down against me. My cock was too big for him to do that though, and he sprang back up to continue riding me without as much pain.
Twenty minutes of slow fucking later, I came again, this time in his ass, and he came when I grabbed his cock and started to stroke it as if it was my own. When he released his second load, it shot up in the air, and covered me from head to stomach. I could taste the bitter saltiness of his semen as it ran across my lips, my own tongue instinctively licking it up as he just kept going, grinding against me and throwing his head back in awe.
As my cock began to shrink, he was able to lean forward now and kissed his cum from my lips as his tongue plunged deep into my mouth, exploring every place it could find. He was really, really, into this and I never expected it. I thought he might have fantasies about it before, but I doubted he'd ever act on them like he had. We both surprised each other that night, and when we awoke the next morning, he quickly dressed and left the room without saying a word.
A few minutes later he reentered his room, me still naked in his bed, and brought me coffee from the kitchen. I sat up on the bed and took the cup, not making eye contact with him. I watched as he turned his back to me and lowered his shorts, stepping out of them and turning to sit on the bed in front of me with his legs crossed. His flaccid penis rested on his ankle as he pulled the covers off of me, it bounced up and grew slightly once my member was uncovered as well. With that, he reached behind me and sat his coffee on the desk, then went down and took my half stiff cock in his mouth and began to work it into another full erection. It didn't take long before I was cumming again, and to my shock he took the full load and swallowed it without reservation. He looked up at me and smiled as he got up and sat in his recliner. He pulled the lever and propped his feet up as he leaned back and put his hands behind his head. I watched as his dick lay exposed to the morning light, and I realized that I might have unleashed something in him that nobody knew was there, something that would free him from the world he was currently in, and allow him to finally find himself.
I finished my coffee and stood up, pausing briefly, I then continued over to stand next to his chair. I looked down at my friend, displayed completely naked in that chair, and I decided to give him one last memory of the event. I threw my leg across him as I straddled his body, the extra weight in the seat of the recliner caused it to sit up, bringing his chin to the top of my chest. I leaned back and looked down at him, looking up at me with a smile. I took his face in my hands and kissed him gently one last time. "You won," I said softly, leaning down to whisper in his ear. "You won."