We always had a sales meeting associated with the convention. The whole sales force would be in town and there would be lots of activities together. This year we were in Detroit. Jeff, the rep there was known for being a wild man. He seemed to always be in trouble with HR but he always had the best sales numbers. It was expected that the local guy would get a hospitality suite at the convention hotel and in the past every night was a party.
This year was different. The company had hired their first saleswoman. Sandy. She was ex-military, this was her first time meeting everyone. The guys must have thought we would have to tame down the evening activities.
As expected, this particular night was not as wild as usual, the jokes were not as racy and every one was being polite but still lots of alcohol was flowing. We all got to meet Sandy and it seemed like she was going to fit in well, but maybe it was the end of an era.
There is a knock on the door. A few of us looked over a Jeff, he shrugged his shoulders as he tried to stifle a smile. Someone opened the door and in marched two strippers.
They had the total look; stiletto heels, tight short miniskirts and halter tops with lots of silicone enhancements hanging out, and lots of makeup. One has a boom box, the other unrolls a strip of condoms and yells out "Let's Party!"
Everyone in the room goes quiet, sideways glances are exchanged. Uh oh.
Silence, then someone yells out "Hell Yeah!" It was Sandy! We all start clapping and yelling. She is going to fit in!
The one stripper mashes "Play" and a hair band tune starts thumping. They step out into the middle of the room and start dancing. The guys make a circle and start pulling out their money clips. Ones and fives start flying as the strippers do their thing. "Is that all you got?" says one stripper prompting tens and twenties to start flying. Sandy is yelling and clapping too.
One of the guys yells out "Stop your grinnin' and drop your linen!" which gets them teasing at their skimpy clothes. A miniskirt goes flying. With glittering g-strings and lacy bras flashing the two start pawing at each other. They are pulling on straps and strings, giving everyone a little glimpse. More twenties fly, then someone peels off a fifty. They really start in on each other, hands all over each other. Off comes one bra, then the other gets tossed. A hundred flies out, bringing a cheer from the guys. Eyebrows rise as two g-strings get slowly pulled down to ankles. Another hundred hits the floor. Now the two are really going at each other, hands all over, silicone being squeezed, cheeks being slapped. Then they start a long, slow, wet kiss that gets everybody whooping.
They slowly drop to the floor and everybody clears a space. I see more than a few pants with tents on the front. They are rolling on the floor kissing and feeling each other then one starts a slow move down the front of the other. Nipples get kissed passionately, down lower, a tongue swirls a bejeweled navel, lower. She looks up for a moment, and then gets hit on the head with a folded hundred. She plants her face right in there as the other grinds and moans. A quick position change and they start going to town on each other. Everyone is angling to get a good look and nobody is disappointed, even Sandy is on tiptoes trying to get a better view.
The music stops and that seems to be their cue. Up on their knees, they head for the guys who threw the hundreds. Two zippers get pulled down and units are pulled out. They're giving head in front of everybody! They are really going at these guys and everyone is cheering. Then they stop, get up and pull their guys into the bedrooms to more cheers.
We hear lots of fake moaning, sounds of beds creaking and bodies slapping coming from the rooms. A loud groan means somebody is finished. "Next!" Money clip comes out, condom torn off, door closes, moaning, slapping, another groan. "Next!"
"My Turn!" It's Sandy! She grabs one stripper and pulls her into a room, she closes the door behind them. The guys all look around, then we all make a beeline, three guys have their ears up against the door, the rest of us lean into the wall. It's quiet, I can hear my heart pounding. More silence. What is going on in there? Then we hear a soft moan. Sandy! There is kind of a "mmmf, mmmf" sound and more moaning. Some more silence and we all lean in harder. "Yeah right there!" More moaning, getting louder now. "Oh God Yes!" We all lean in harder. "Oh yes that's it! Oooooooooohhh Yes! I'm going to Cum!"
Just then there is click, the door opens and the three guys tumble into the room. Sandy and the stripper had been faking it! Sandy breaks out laughing and everyone joins it. She makes a "high five" tour of the room, yells out "Next!" and takes a seat.
The next guy with a stripper finishes fast.
One at a time the rest all file in and then out, there is a round of applause for everyone. Every possible sex sound can be heard coming from the rooms; giggles, squeals, moans, yelps, deities being invoked.
I'm starting to get nervous. "Last!" I reach into my pockets, nothing. Uh oh.
"Okay, who's Last!" Everyone turns to me and all I have is a big frown. "Sorry guys, I didn't bring any money" I sheepishly say. Howling all around, then the strippers come out and say "Come on!" A twenty flies out, then another, and another. "If I'm paying I want to watch!" says one. "Yeah! Both of them!" says another as more bills fly. The strippers pull me into the center of the room to a shower of bills. One undoes my belt and drops my pants. No tent. My boxers get dropped. I'm completely limp. Stage fright! Everyone is howling again, but this time in laughter.
The strippers pull me down to the floor and start in on me. I'm laying there, boxers at my ankles, two naked strippers in all their tattooed, pierced, Brazillianed glory stroking and fondling but I can't get a bone. One is slapping her cans against my face, the other is grinding away on me, nothing. One guy starts counting down "29, 28, 27, 26!" That is not helping at all.
Now I am a grower not a shower, it must have been chilly too because I have about two inches of limpness. I have seen plenty of group sex porn, and wondered what it would be like to do that, or to be a porn star with all the crew around watching. Now I know that will never work, I have found out the not-so-hard way that I have performance anxiety.
Then Sandy must have got an idea. She puts her fingers to her mouth and gives a sharp whistle. "About Face!" She hollers with an experienced command voice. The ex-military guys turn quickly and the others follow suit so they are all facing away from me. That did it! I start getting hard and the gals both start sucking me, taking turns. A double blowjob! It's really working now as I start concentrating. Sandy and the guys turn back around and start cheering me on. I'm getting right to the edge. The strippers have a lip lock on both sides of my member, going up and down the shaft, and that sends me over the top. Big strings of stuff go flying up into the air and back down onto their faces. Waves of pleasure crash over me and I writhe and convulse while they work out every last drop. Everyone gives out a cheer as the gals kiss the goo off of each other.
Halters and skirts back on, they grab the boom box, gather up the money and take off.
As we file out the door, Sandy puts her index finger to her lips and the "hush" signal is shared all around. Jeff lets out a big sigh.
Not a word was spoken again about that night in the hospitality suite, though there was the occasional knowing smile.