The usual disclaimers apply, the story contains incest and sexual scenes so if you are likely to be offended by this please don't read any further.
The characters are over 18, the persons and events described are entirely fictional. The author reserves all rights to the story and its reproduction with the exception of Literotica.
All feedback is appreciated and if you like the story please rate it in the comments section.
Chapter 15
"Why don't I order us some room service and then we can go and have a look around?" Alison asked as she headed to the bathroom to clean Bobby's cum off her legs and hands.
"A look around? At what?"
"At the resort! I don't intend to spend the 2 weeks in the hotel room."
"But I thought we came here to have fun?"
"We did and we will, but I'd like to get a tan and do a little sight seeing as well." she said returning to the bed room.
"There's plenty of sights to see right here!" Bobby's eyes fixed to her big jiggling tits as she walked across the room.
"Honestly Bobby, why are you so obsessed with my boobs?"
"Because they are natural wonders!"
"Hmmm, well these natural wonders will be be doing some sight seeing today. Now what about these to wear?" Alison picked out a pair of shorts and halter top from her suitcase.
"What do you mean?"
"I mean to wear of course."
"But mom, it's clothing optional remember?"
"Yes and the key word is optional, which means I have the option to keep my clothes on."
Oh crap! Now not only were they going to trailing round stores for the day his mom was going to be fully dressed as well? They might as well have stayed at home, then he was struck by an idea.
"Well why don't you wear a bikini?"
"A bikini?"
"Yeah, the bellhop said there's a private beach and you said you wanted to get a tan."
"I suppose... oh damn!"
"What?"
"Of all the things to forget, how could I be so stupid?! I forgot to get swimsuits!", Alison saw the look of hope flash across Bobby's face and before he could say anything added."And no that does not mean I am going naked!"
Bobby considered for a moment and then flashed her a smile.
"Didn't that guy say there is a shopping complex? They must have somewhere that sells bathing suits! Why don't I go to have a look while you get us some breakfast?"
"All right then. Where would I be without my wonderful man!?" She crossed and gave him a hug pressing her wonderful naked body up against him, he ran his hands down her hips grabbing handfuls of her butt cheeks and pulling her against his hardening cock. She felt his cock beginning to swell and gently pushed away from him. "Bobby... control yourself. We have plenty of time for that later."
As she stepped away from him his eyes dropped to her heavy tits and admired the full opulent orbs.
"Bobby... Bobby, hello, up here!"
"Huh?"
He looked up to see her looking back and smiling, obviously trying to get him to make eye contact.
"Bathing suits remember?"
"Oh yeah, right." Bobby absently pulled on his shorts and sneakers and headed off downstairs. As he entered the lobby there were already quite a few other guests walking about, a few wore clothes but most were naked. He headed out of the main reception area into a open concourse which was dominated by a lavish fountain with statues of figures intertwined in various erotic poses. Around the base of the fountain there were benches and some couples were sitting and chatting, he noticed a few people had gathered around the far side of the fountain and wandered round to see what they were looking at. He was shocked to see a pretty dark haired girl in her 20's straddling a black guy and riding his cock. They seemed oblivious to the crowd that had gathered to watch, in fact they appeared to enjoy the attention and be putting on a show for them. The girl had a lean body with small perky tits and her pale skin contrasted with the ebony black cock she was impaled on. He could see her pussy was stretching to accommodate the huge dick and she was still unable to take the last couple of inches. He wondered what it would be like to fuck in front of a group of people like this, or to have his mom suck his cock in front of an audience. What would they think knowing he was getting blown by his own mom he wondered? He could feel himself getting hard watching the display and noticed some of the guys watching were already erect, a few were even openly masturbating and one girl was giving her boyfriend a hand job while they watched.
Shit he could stay here and watch this all morning but he didn't want to keep his mom waiting so he looked around and saw there were signposted pathways leading off to different areas of the resort. He saw one reading shops and reluctantly tore himself away from the action casting a last look back as the girl began bucking up and down faster while the guy grabbed her ass.
Bobby found the shopping area but it was hardly your typical mall, many of the shops catered to more exotic tastes, selling a variety of sex toys including a few that catered to BDSM. While most people seemed to be here as couples he noticed a few girls walking round in twos or threes, they all seemed to be in their early 20's and were all stunning. He noticed an slim blonde and a curvy hispanic girl walking together. They were both naked apart from some beach sandals and bags slung over their shoulders. The hispanic girl noticed him first and flashed him a smile, she had a pretty round face but it was her big tits he couldn't help but notice. They were smaller than his mom's but still had to be a DD at least and from they way they wobbled were real too.
"Hi, I haven't seen you before have I?"
"Um no, I just got in last night."
"Oh that'd be why. I'm Raquel this is Lisa."
"Hi." The blonde flashed him a smile, she reminded him of a young Meg Ryan.
"This your first time?"
"Uh yeah, it's err, pretty intense."
Standing up close to two beautiful naked girls was a little more than intense and Bobby could feel his cock starting to grow.
"It's pretty crazy down here but everyone is very cool about it. You'll probably be seeing me again before long anyway I'm guessing."
"Uh, why's that?"
"I work here. I'm a nurse so I do the blood tests here."
"Blood tests?"
"Sure, you know for HIV. Once you've had your test you get one of these." She held up a blue wristband. "And that means you can fuck anyone you like....if you want to?"
Raquel added the last part with a look that suggested she definitely wanted to and his dick swelled to full hard on. He thought about trying to force his hands into his pockets to hide it without trying to be too obvious but it was too late and his shorts were already tenting out.
Lisa noticed and giggled. "Wow, I think you got an answer there!" Both girls regarded his shorts and Bobby felt himself flushing red with embarrassment
"You know you might as well take them off. Plenty of guys walk around with hard ons and it couldn't be much less obvious."
Bobby looked down and couldn't help but agree, he felt more conspicuous with his shorts tented out like this than if he was hanging out in the breeze, the girls stood waiting and he figured what the fuck and undid his shorts and slipped them over his sneakers so he could hold them. He stood up again his dick fully erect and swaying.
"Wow! That is huge!" Raquel stared directly at his cock.
"Oh my god, it's almost as big as Nathan's!" Lisa chimed in.
"Nathan?"
"He's this black guy with a huge dick who comes here every year, it's kind of a rite of passage for some of the girls to try to take the whole thing." Lisa explained Bobby figured he must have been the guy in the concourse he'd seen earlier.
"Trouble is they can't walk properly the next day." Raquel laughed. "I like yours better, it's got a nice curve and I like it's uncut. Can I touch it?"
"Err yeah, sure." Raquel reached out and gently stroked his dick pulling the skin back and forwards. "Wow, you're hard as a rock! I can hardly get my hand round it. Feel how hard he is." She slid her hand further down the shaft so Lisa could explore the head of his cock which did indeed feel like it was carved from granite right now."Jeez check out these balls!" Raquel cupped his low hanging gonads weighing them.
"You definitely need to get yourself a wristband." Raquel gave his cock a final stroke before releasing it. "Ok well, gotta go. See you around, soon I hope."
The girls walked off leaving Bobby with his hard on, at first he was acutely aware of his nakedness but as he looked about he saw Raquel was right, there were other guys in various states of arousal wandering about and Bobby found his dick was getting more than it's fair share of looks from the girls.He remembered his original purpose and looked around for some clothing stores, not surprisingly there weren't many but eventually he found a store with beach accessories and wandered in. There was a pretty Hawaiian looking girl serving who was, it seemed like all the female employees, naked. He checked her out which served to make his hard on even more hard before looking through the bathing suits. There weren't many and they were pretty skimpy so he grabbed a 2 piece white bikini and some speedos before heading back to the room.
His mom had already got breakfast ordered and was sitting out on the balcony in her robe with a glass of champagne.
"Hi Mom, eerrr Alison. Wow, champagne for breakfast?"
"Compliments of the management. I poured you a glass." He checked the bucket and saw a tag reading "To the Honeymoon couple, compliments of Club Bacchus."
"You took your time I was wondering what.... Bobby your shorts, what... were you walking around like that down there?" she noticed his nakedness and his arousal.
"Err, well yeah. I mean, you look more strange if you've got clothes on than if you're naked."
"Were you walking around like.. that?"
She directed her glance at his hard on.
"Well yeah, I mean a lot of guys are walking around with, well hard ons." He decided to leave out the details about Nathan, Raquel and Lisa. "I got your bikini."
He handed the bag to Alison who glanced inside.
"Bobby, this is tiny! How do you expect me to wear this?"
"Sorry M... Alison, it's all they had."
They finished their breakfast and Alison tried on the suit. It consists of three tiny pieces of fabric connected with elastic. The bottoms fitted ok but when she held the top up the triangles looked barely barely big enough to cover her nipples.
"Bobby I can't wear this!"
"Why not?"
"Why not? Bobby do you honestly think I can fit into this?" She held the top up for him to see.
"Um, I don't know, err I guess maybe try it on?"
She gave him an exasperated look and then put the top on. It barely covered her nipples and left the rest of her breasts on display.
"Oh Bobby honestly, this top is meant for someone with, well a lot less to cover up."
A lot less was an understatement, Alison's boobs were already attempting to do an escape act on the tiny top and Bobby's hard on was renewed at the sight of his mother's struggles. When she'd finished adjusting the costume as best she could she removed Bobby's costume from the bag and inspected it.
"Well at least you've bought yourself something equally impractical I see. I'm not sure how you think you'll fit yourself into these." She passed them to him.
"Well like I say, there wasn't a lot of choice." He pulled the speedos on and could see what she meant, they were pretty tiny and although he managed to lever his cock into them so it was held against his hip they left nothing to the imagination and when viewed from above the elastic was pulling away from the waist where his cock was straining against the fabric.
"Oh well, I suppose this will have to do." Alison regarded them both before pouring the last of the champagne and drinking it down for dutch courage.
As they left the room and walked to the elevator Bobby couldn't help but admire his mom's beautiful body. From behind she was essentially naked, only the tiny strings of her bikini providing any cover. In the short walk to the elevator her boobs were already attempting an escape act and she had to adjust her top to keep her nipples covered as they rode down in the elevator.
"This is ridiculous Bobby, I'm never going to stay in this."
"You look really good it in though."
"I doubt I will stay in it at this rate."
As the doors to the elevator opened Alison took a deep breath and stepped out into the lobby. As they walked through the resort Bobby noticed her getting plenty of admiring looks from the men and some of the girls, even though many of them were naked. Seeing her on display like this was something new for him, he felt a flash of jealousy at sharing her but also pride that she was his. He couldn't help but also admire all the girls they passed, almost all of whom were naked or at least topless. With the bevy of naked female flesh and his beautiful mom to contend with his cock strained in the confines of his trunks and he adjusted it as best he could to try to make it more comfortable whilst trying to prevent it poking out. As they made their way to the beach Alison's boobs fell out of her bikini twice more and she had to pause to try to cover herself.
"This is ridiculous, I might as well just take it off and be done with it!"
With that she pulled the top off and put it in her bag exposing her boobs completely, his dick throbbed at the sight of her totally exposed to everyone and the head popped out from under the waistband.
"Well I guess I might as well get rid of these then." he said slipping his trunks off and handing them to his mom.
"Bobby, are you going to walk around... like that?" she gestured towards his erection.
"Sure why not, plenty of other guys letting it all hang out."
"Well it's not...hanging."
"What do you mean?"
"Well you're... well, it's erect."
"There's plenty guys with boners around, relax it's natural." he shook his hips and waggled his cock at her. There might be plenty of guys naked and in various states of arousal but none were endowed like Bobby. She blushed and noticed some young girls sitting on the beach pointing and giggling, Bobby smiled at them displaying his hard on. Alison felt angry at the attention he was getting and chided herself for it.
"This was your idea and you want him to find another girls remember?" she told herself. All the same she moved on and was relieved when Bobby joined her as they found some sun loungers and relaxed. Alison sprayed some sun tan lotion on herself and rubbed it in passing it to Bobby.
"If you're going to leave it out in the open you'd better put some of this on it."
Bobby could see her point and figured a sunburnt cock wouldn't be the best way to start their holiday and squirted some lotion on his hard on rubbing it in stroking the big column of meat his foreskin sliding up and down over the head. He looked around at some of the passing girls and as he continued to stroke his cock. A naked oriental girl with sunglasses turned to watch Bobby and he smiled at her as he continued stroking his cock, she raised her sunglasses looking at his dick and he stroked it harder, pulling the skin back and displaying it to her.
"Um... Bobby, I think you've rubbed enough lotion in now."
"What oh,yeah..." aware he'd been absent mindedly jerking off, not that he could see it being much of a problem especially after some of the sights he'd see this morning.
They lay on the beach dozing for a few hours, Bobby checking out the girls and his mom and occasionally rubbing some more lotion into his cock. His mom moved around to lay on her front, her big tits hanging down and swinging about as she adjusted her position. His dick lurched as he watched her big knockers swaying and then bulging out as she lay flat. He looked at some of the other girls walking past most of whom admired his cock as it curved up over his belly. He was getting hornier and hornier, he thought about jerking off again but figured it was better to save it till later, his cock was already dribbling pre cum from all the teasing he'd been getting.
After a while he noticed his mom looking in her bag.
"Oh darn."
"What's the matter?"
"I forgot to bring any water. It's so hot and I'm getting thirsty."
Bobby sat up and looked round, he could see a bar on the beachfront and pointed it out to Alison.
"Why don't we go there? It's getting pretty hot out in the sun, we could cool off and have a drink there."
"Well, we're not really dressed for that are we?"
"Mmm.. Alison. Remember where we are? Club Bacchus rules... no rules... anything goes. We can walk in there buck naked if we want."
"Well perhaps we could but I'm not sure I'm comfortable."
"C'mon, I bet there's plenty of other couples in there with nothing on, we can have one drink and if you don't like it we can leave."
Alison weighed it up, she was thirsty and he did have a point, this was a resort for open minded people.
"Alright then."
They walked the short distance to the bar, Alison topless and Bobby naked his hard cock swinging about at the sight of his nearly naked mom walking in plain view with everyone watching. They entered the bar which was much cooler and pretty quiet, a pretty blonde barmaid was cleaning some glasses and looked up, pleased for the custom.
"Hi what can I get you?"
"Um, a Long Island Iced Tea please."
"Just a beer for me."
Bobby checked the barmaid out, she was naked the same as all the female staff seemed to be, she had a trim figure with a neat bush and a good sized pair of tits. Bobby sat at the bar and his mom reluctantly followed his example, obviously a little uncomfortable at being on display.
"You guys new here?"
"Um yes, we just arrived."
"Oh cool. You'll love it here, everyone is so relaxed."
"Yes, so I gathered."
Alison took a long draught of her drink.
"Mmmm, this is very good."
"Thanks, it's my speciality. My name is Kerry."
"I'm Alison, this is Bobby."
"Hi Bobby. That's a really nice cock you have if you don't mind my saying."
"Uhh, um. Thanks." His dick lurched at the compliment.
They chatted for a while and Alison ordered another drink. The cocktails were definitely strong and with the heat she could feel them going to her head.
Another couple wandered into the bar and Kerry walked over to serve them, they were a black couple in their 20's and the woman had an impressive rack on her, Bobby guessed she was a DD at least.
"Well you seem to have plenty to keep your eyes entertained." Alison remarked cooly, taking another sip of her drink.
"Errr, well you did want to go sight seeing."
"Those weren't the sort of sights I had in mind."
"Well, it's not really that kind of resort, I mean you knew that when you booked it right."
"Yes I suppose so, I just feel rather old around all these beautiful young girls."
"What are you talking about, you're the hottest looking woman here."
"Honestly Bobby."
"I'm serious, you must have seen the looks you've ben getting."
"Well I'm used to men staring at my boobs, when they're this big it's something you get used to. Though why anyone likes these old things when there are all these perky young boobs around I don't know."
"Old things? You have beautiful boobs what do you mean?"
"Well, I suppose, I mean... do you think they aren't a little saggy. I mean to be walking around without a bra like this...."
"M.... Alison you have nothing to worry about. They look perfect, the way real boobs are supposed to look, not all solid like those fake porn star tits."
"Really? What about those girls?" Alison looked towards Kerry and the black girl who'd walked in. Bobby had to admit they both had amazing racks but his moms were definitely bigger and while they weren't the boobs of a teenager they looked beautiful, curving down in natural pear shapes.
"They're nice but yours are better."
"Really?"
"What do I have to do to convince you? These are natural wonders of the world! Why do you think I'm like this?" he said gesturing first at her boobs then at his erection.
"Bobby..." she blushed taking a sip of her drink and feeling the alcohol taking effect.
He slid of his stool and stood next to her his cock brushing her leg. He reached out and tenderly stroked her hair. "You are the most beautiful woman in the world, and you have absolutely nothing to worry about when it comes to these." He let his hand run down to her tits and ran his fingers over her nipples feeling them stiffen.
"Bobby stop, there are people..."
"So? The rules are.. there are no rules." He cupped her breasts and squeezed them hearing her breath in sharply at the sensation.
"Bobby... please..."
He moved in closer so he could kiss her, as he continued to grope her tits, squeezing them harder now, the way he knew she liked.
"Mmmmmmfff.... Obby....ease."
But as he continued to squeeze her boobs harder she began to return his kisses, tentatively at first and then becoming more passionate, his cock was nudging against her belly. Alison could feel her defences crumbling as Bobby kissed and groped her, his dick was butting against her stomach and despite herself she reached for his cock, taking the iron hard shaft in both hands and jerking it off. She was dimly aware that the other people in the bar had stopped their conversations and were watching them but she didn't care, in fact part of her wanted them to witness her pleasure. Bobby pinched her nipples and twisted them and Alison moaned at the sensation.
"Oh god...yessss... harder."
Bobby obliged and lifted her heavy tits by her nipples, Alison could feel herself getting wetter and squeezed her legs together, increasing the pressure on her clit, riding the waves of pleasure towards an orgasm. She jerked his cock harder and faster, her need was urgent and she wanted to take him with her. His big balls swung violently with the speed and force of her jerking as she pulled her fist up and down his cock. Her touch was normally sensual and teasing but not today, her need was urgent and she was being as hard on his cock as he was on her tits, beating him off as hard as she could.
"Ohhhh godddddddddddd...." she moaned as she felt her body edging towards a climax, she tried to resist not wanting to lose control in front of all these people but Bobby's hands on her tits and the pressure on her clit were too much, and she cried out, her body wracked by an orgasm. She shuddered and squeezed his cock with a vice like grip as she rode the waves of pleasure before resuming jerking him off. The intensity of her hand job and the excitement from the small crowd who had gathered to watch them meant Bobby wasn't far behind his mother and as she continued to furiously pull on his cock he felt his balls lift up and his cum begin to rise.
"Oh shitttttt...." he thrust his hips forward as she continued to jerk him as the first rope of cum burst from his cock splashing across Alison's face and hair. The blast caught her by surprise and she turned her face slightly so the next salvo shot over her neck and shoulder, some of it splattering on the floor with an audible plop. The next hit her cheek and ran down hanging off her chin in a white stalactite. The remaining loads splashed on her tits, belly and thighs before slowing to a dribble.
The small crowd that had gathered applauded the finale and Alison looked around suddenly snapping out of her reverie.
"Oh goodness..." she released Bobby's cock and regarded herself, dripping with cum. "I'm drenched."
"I'd offer you some napkins but I don't think that'll do it. That was some load!" remarked Kerry who had been leaning on the bar watching the whole thing with rapt attention.
"I think I'd better go back to the room and clean up Bobby."
"Sure I'll come with you."
As they left the bar Bobby exchanged a few grins and handshakes with some of the onlookers while Alison just escaped as quickly as she could. Bobby ran after her his hard on still swinging around the last few dribbles of cum forming a strand.
"Wait up ... Alison. Wow that was awesome!"
"Awesome, I've never been so mortified. All those people watching us, and now I'm walking around covered in your stuff."
"But they thought it was great! I told you how hot you are and they all agreed."
"Yes well, I'm not sure I'm quite ready for public displays of...."
"Bobby!! Alison!! Is that you??" a voice called out across the beachfront.
Alison stopped dead in her tracks, her blood running cold. Oh god, they'd been recognised. How was she going to explain this? Her heart raced and her mouth ran dry.
"I knew it was you two, you made it!"
She looked round and saw a slim young brunette approaching, the face took a moment to register and then relief flooded over her, it was Cynthia from New York!
"Wow this is great to see you again! This is Pamela my girlfriend" She gestured to a shapely blonde with a pageboy haircut.
"Hi nice to meet you." Pamela said studying Alison's chest.
"See, wasn't I telling you the truth? Aren't they the most amazing boobs! She didn't believe me when I told her how great they are."
"Um, ok." Alison remarked not knowing what else to say,
"And of course Bobby, you'll recognise as the original Penis de Milo." Cynthia gestured at Bobby's cock which was still hard and showing no signs of going soft with three women looking at it. "So when did you get in?"
"Um, last night." Alison couldn't believe how surreal the situation was, standing topless dripping with her son's cum while he stood next to her with a raging hard on and they talked to two naked girls, both of whom behaved as if this were totally normal. Alison could feel Bobby's cum trickling down her chest and a droplet that had been hanging from the underside of her breast fell landing on the pavement with a plop.
"Look's like you two have already started to have some fun." Cynthia smiled as she looked at the cum running down Alison's body.
"Um, yes, well.. we were just going to get cleaned up."
"Sure... ok catch you later!"
Alison hurried off to the hotel, Bobby had thought if she stuck around then a foursome with Cynthia and Pamela might have been on the cards but his mom had clearly had enough fun for one day. Alison went straight to the shower and washed herself off, Bobby thought about joining her but she seemed a little uptight still so he decided to play it cool.
"Say how about I order up some room service and a bottle of champagne?"
"Okay, that sounds good!"
They sat out on the balcony eating dinner and drinking wine and Alison began to relax again. Bobby suggested another bottle of wine and then they should check out the hot tub and to his delight Alison agreed. There was enough room for them to sit separately but Bobby slid round to sit next to his beautiful mother, refilling her glass and replacing the bottle in the ice bucket. By this time Alison was beginning to get quite tipsy and giggly and Bobby knew when she got in this mood she would get horny as well.
"Young man, I do hope you're not trying to get me drunk?"
"Certainly not, here's to my beautiful sexy mom!" he gave her a wolfish grin and toasted her.
"Bobby! Well I'll drink to my wonderful son, even if he doesn't seem to be able to control himself." she regarded his cock which poked up above the surface like the Lock Ness Monster.
"What can I tell you, I guess Bobby junior just wanted to join the party."
"Bobby junior never stops partying it seems." she said, reaching out and affectionately running her fingers over his cock head.
"What do you expect with you walking around with this body. Do you have a licence for these young lady?" he cupped her tits and weighed them in his hands.
"Yes I do, and I think I should keep them under lock and key away from prying hands."
"Too late!" he squeezed them before running his fingers over her erect nipples and pinching them.
"Oooooh Bobby! Mmmmmm"
He continued squeezing her tits as she moaned and leaned in to kiss her. As his hands groped and squeezed her tits he felt her kisses and breathing becoming more urgent as her arousal grew. Encouraged by her response he squeezed harder twisting the nubs and pulling her boobs up by them, she moaned harder and he continued to pull one nipple while releasing the other so he could slide his hand down over her flat belly and between her legs.
"Oh Bobby.... I don't.... we shouldn't..."
He slid his middle finger between her puffy lips, rubbing her engorged clit and feeling her respond to his touch. He rubbed the clit for a few minutes feeling her respond, her fingers gripping his arm but not stopping him. He then slid his finger in further between the hot wet folds of her pussy and inside.
"Bobby........I .....ooooooohhhhh."
He felt her warm velvety pussy enveloping his finger like a wonderful hot wet glove, he slipped in deeper and found her g spot, rubbing it and provoking another reaction.
"Oh god Bobby!" She reached out and grabbed his cock, running her fingers up and down the column of meat.
He began to rub her clit with his thumb as he rubbed her g spot wit his finger and the combination caused her to arch her back, thrusting her big tits up in the air.
"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAHHHH. Oh god, oh god oh god!" His mother's body writhed as Bobby massaged her most sensitive areas and she rode his fingers until she was wracked by an orgasm like she'd never known, she gripped his cock hard as the orgasm flooded through her again and again. He continued to coax her on and she found herself having another climax, more powerful than the first. She gripped his cock so hard the head and shaft were swollen and purple but he didn't care, the pain felt good.
Eventually she came down from her climax and relaxed her grip on him, panting before turning to look at him with glazed eyes.
"On Bobby, my beautiful boy, I suppose I should say my big strong man now." She looked at him and then his cock jutting out of the water and staring at her and chuckled. She turned to face him and lifting herself out of the water, rivulets running down her big breasts. She lent over him, kissing him on the mouth tenderly, her swaying tits brushing his chest and her hands stroking his hair.
"Bobby, I love you more than anything."
"I love you too mom, I'd do anything for you."
"I know, but why don't you let me do something for you now?"
She gently kissed her way down his body before reaching his cock and tenderly holding it so she could kiss up and down the shaft, worshiping his giant phallus with her lips before gently drawing his foreskin back so she could kiss around his swollen head. When his mom was in this mood he knew he was in for some amazing cock sucking and he wasn't disappointed.
Alison kissed his cock head before gently licked the shaft up and down several times, Bobby tilted his hips so his entire cock was out of the water giving her access to all of his shaft. She tenderly lifted his balls out of the water so she could suck the heavy gonads into her mouth, marvelling again at how heavy and potent they were before licking back up his shaft. She then looked him in the eye with a wicked glint he hadn't seen before as she swirled her tongue around the head of his cock. His prick pulsed in her grasp and her look told him all he needed to know about what he was in store for.
As he continued to dementedly watch Alison opened her mouth and allowed her lips to begin their journey over his huge bloated cock head and down his shaft, moaning as she did. It was as if his cock was the finest steak and she hadn't eaten for a week the way she devoured him. Her mouth felt like a wonderful, warm wet paradise as she sucked and let her tongue dance over his straining cock. He could never imagine finding a woman who could make his dick feel so good, who treated his cock like a god she was worshiping.
Although Alison was worshipping his cock, he was left in no doubt as to who was in charge, she steadily quickened her pace, building his excitement and feeling his cock respond but as soon as she sensed his cum rising she instinctively backed off, withdrawing her mouth and just licking his cock while looking at him with a teasing smile. It was like a game, except one in which Bobby knew he was hopelessly out of his depth, he tried to control his cum and keep from getting too close but his mother could tell he was holding back and used her tongue and lips to tease and stimulate him so well it was hopeless, she bobbed her lips up and down on his dick taking him deep in her mouth and gently stroking the rest of his shaft but as he felt his balls ready to empty their load she slowed her pace and reduced her sucking before withdrawing completely and kissing his swollen balls.
Eventually Bobby was so dazed from all the teasing he hardly knew where he was and Alison could see he was desperate to cum, his cock was bloated and purple, the veins standing out on the shaft and the head so swollen it the was taut and shiny. Much as she loved sucking his cock and controlling him with her lips and tongue, knowing she was able to bring him to the brink of ecstasy and back again whenever she wanted, she also realised that she was being selfish to deny him his orgasm for too long. She sensuously swirled her tongue over the head of his cock before leaning forward to let her big heavy tits hang either side of his cock, swinging them slightly so they bumped against his turgid monster dick. She knew how much he loved her tits and chuckled as her boobs caused him to moan in renewed frustration, before sliding back down, kissing his hard abs as she made her way back to his prick for the final round.
"Mmmm, I think it's a good job I didn't order desert earlier, I think I am going to get one soon." she squeezed his balls gently feeling how heavy and full they felt before slowly engulfing his cock with her lips and letting her beautiful mouth slide down his cock.
Jeezus, he loved when his mom sucked him off, and he didn't mind the teasing because he knew the end was always worth it, but Bobby didn't think he could take much more. His mom's beautiful mouth, the same mouth that had kissed him goodbye when he went to school, was doing things to his cock he didn't believe possible. Her tongue teased and caressed his shaft and head as her lips sensuously slid up and down his shaft in a steady, inexorable rhythm that let him know this was the moment. His balls tightened and he felt his cum begin to rise as he crested his orgasm, his cock swelling and pulsing before erupting in her sweet mouth. He closed his eyes as his whole body spasmed while his cock erupted in his mother's mouth, his thick cream flooding her cheeks and filling them to overflowing, as fast as she could gulp his cum down more spewed out as she drank greedily from his fountain of life. Finally his orgasm abated but she continued to suckle on his huge cock, drawing the last few drops out and nursing on it. She gently sucked and caressed his magnificent cock for a new minutes more, reluctant to give it up, before finally releasing it and moving up his body to lean over him, looking into his eyes, her big tits hanging in front of his face.
"Better?"
"Oh god mom, I don't think I've ever cum so hard in my life."
"Yes, well I think you excelled yourself tonight in that department." she scooped up a dribble of cum that had escaped her lips and sucked it off her finger, savouring the thick, tangy cum before sending it down to join the bellyful of his cum.
"Well, after how long you were teasing me I'm not surprised."
"Teasing? I thought you liked it."
"I did, I do. It's amazing You're amazing."
"Oh Bobby." She kissed him and he once again tasted his tangy residue in her mouth, but he didn't care.
They were both so tired after the day's adventures they collapsed in bed and were asleep almost instantly. The following morning Bobby once again awoke to find the bed empty and the door to the balcony open. He rose blearily, remembering the day before and his mother's public hand job in the bar. He wondered if he could persuade her to suck his cock in public the way she had last night, the thought of all those girls gathering round to admire her beautiful big tits and shapely body while she sucked his cock like a champion seemed a pretty good way to spend the morning, or the day for that matter. His cock lurched as he considered the idea and made his way out to the balcony. His mother was stood admiring the view as she did yesterday, and as yesterday she was stark naked. He approached her silently wanting to surprise her as lovers do, her shapely ass was inclined towards him and as she leant out admiring the view her heavy tits hung out over the railing.
He decided to repeat yesterday's experience and slide his cock between her thighs, imagining her reaction as she saw his cock emerge from between her legs once again. He bent his knees slightly and angled his dick towards the gap between her thighs, before thrusting forward. As he did this Alison chose the same moment to lean out to get a better look at the beach as it stretched out along the coast, and Bobby's cock, instead of sliding between her legs slipped between the folds of her pussy and against her pussy opening, before he knew what had happened Bobby found the end of his cock enveloped in a wet warm velvety grip.
Alison had been admiring the view, oblivious to Bobby's approach when suddenly she was aware of a hard pressure between her legs and then inside her. Her confusion turned to panic when she realised it was Bobby.
"Stop!! Bobby no!"
"Oh god, I didn't mean to, it just..."
"Stop it, don't..."
"I didn't mean...."
His words trailed off and they stayed like that, motionless, frozen in time, the head of his cock inside her pussy, Alison gripping the rail of the balcony waiting for him to withdraw..
It hadn't been his intention to do this but now his cock was inside her he was gripped by a feverish desire.
"Just let me feel it inside you once, and I'll take it out straight away."
"Bobby no, please..."
"Just once...."
She made a sound, he wasn't sure if it was a sob but didn't say anything, so he slowly inched forward, feeding his huge cock into her tight, wet pussy. He couldn't believe how tight she felt, it was like fucking a teenager.
"Bobby no... please."
"Just little more..."
She groaned as he slipped another inch inside her, her hands gripping the railing so hard her knuckles turned white. He was almost halfway inside her now and slowed his pace, delicately feeding his cock in an inch at a time until he felt his mother reaching back to stop him, putting her hand on his hip.
"Bobby no more... it's too big."
His cock throbbed inside her, he didn't trust himself to move incase he lost it and shot his thick load inside her. They stayed like that, motionless, his cock buried deep in his mother's pussy, the very place where he had come into existence. Time seemed to have stood still when he became dimly aware of his mother's voice.
"Wha...."
"For god's sake take it out Bobby.... please!"
"Oh..."
He slowly withdrew his cock until only the head was inside, reflecting on how good it would feel to slide it back in again, filling her tight pussy once again, but he had given his word so he withdrew it with a wet plop. His mother turned to face him slowly, tears in her eyes and looked at him with angry reproach. He opened his mouth to speak but she slapped him across the face before he could say anything.
He was too shocked to know what to say or do as she ran past him and out of the room slamming the door behind her, not caring she was naked, not knowing where she was going. He looked down at his cock, two thirds of it was wet with his mom's pussy juice and he ran his finger over it before bringing it to his lips to smell the musky aroma and taste it. He ran his finger over his cock head again, smearing her juices over his glans, the glans that had been buried deep inside her, remembering how had nearly cum inside her. Imagine if he had, if he'd filled her pussy with his cum, his cock bucked, it was too much for him and his dick erupted shooting ropes of sperm over the balcony and past the railing into the morning air. As his orgasm subsided and he returned to his senses the reality of what had happened and what he had done came home and he felt a sick lurch in the pit of his belly.
How do Bobby and Alison resolve this one? Find out in Chapter 16. See you there!