This is a different one. I adapted this from an old, old draft of a play I decided would never work (a production of two people naked on stage the entire time probably wouldn't fly)-- so is very dialogue driven. Also, the medical conditions of both the characters are based on actual cases I found researching, both the cause and result -- I can see people thinking the one is a stretch, but yes it has happened to a real person with the same result. Also, big thanks to the female clinical psychologist, who I consulted with for the woman's dialogue back when this was a play. There's little sex (in this part), but I consider this an erotic romance of sorts, and hopefully one with a twist that people will enjoy.
*****
Gage couldn't believe he was talked into going through with the challenge. He only put his name forward because he didn't think he had a chance of being picked. "Spend a weekend with a naked coed in a studio apartment with the chance to win enough money to pay a year's tuition." Sounded like a thing almost every male on campus would want.
Of course, every male wouldn't be overthinking it like he was. First thing, you had to be naked the entire time too, and guy's bodies aren't attractive in every pose without clothes. Secondly, there are no witnesses. Each person gets a phone to document and verify the rules are met; that's it. Talk about complete venerability for harassment or sexual assault accusations. Thirdly, what type of female student would agree to parade naked around a guy alone for two days? Chances are there would not be many and no guarantee they would be attractive, or straight, or not getting a visit from aunt flow. It was a contest of sorts, anyways.
The rules were fairly straightforward. If both people stay the weekend together in the nude, each gets equivalent of a semester's tuition. If one of them leaves early, or attempts to cloth themselves with a towel, sheet, etc, the other gets enough for two semester's tuition. If both leave or violate nude rule, neither get anything. Each gets a phone to submit video confessions every two waking hours to verify rules are being followed. They also can be used to submit proof of the other breaking the rules. Using the phone for anything beyond that was also grounds to loose. The video footage would be censored and posted on a site with about a couple hours delay as well as commentary and stuff -- like a independent reality show. The ones running the contest, also students, were the only ones seeing all the nakedness besides the two contestants.
There was a bunch of pools and betting on how it would turn out. Only a couple people knew who the participants were until the game started. The one male organizer, named Rick or Ron, was a nursing student who studied with Dave, a good friend of Gage's. He told Gage that there was a special pool on whether the two had sex. If he 'closed the deal,' regardless of winning or losing, Gage would get a substantial bonus prize -- if he could prove it. Again, the assault accusation anxiety took a spike with that news. Now, he had double the motivation to assault her. Even if something consensual happened, if the girl had a boyfriend, throwing blame would be a good way to save face.
Gage played sports most of his life, but lately played X-Box more than he exercised. He was a bulky guy anyway, tall D-lineman type, and now with a bit of a beer gut. All his friend-zone girl pals ensured him that he was good-looking, but he hadn't had the luck with women as many of his male peers. No girlfriend since high school, and a handful of one-night stands and a couple of three-night stands since. When it came to the dating scene, his confidence was not there. He was happy to instead have a great group of friends, and be a year of way completing a business degree with honors -- provided he could pay for it as the cost was increasing more than his income. He had the option of taking a job, but his marks might take a hit and then risk not keeping his scholarships. All reasons why he was pushed into accepting this challenge.
The Friday night before the challenge, he went to bed early -- aided by a few drinks for courage. He was woken around one am by a loud canned horn. He was surrounded by loud guys covering their faces with hoods or bandana's. All they said were woos and ya's as they pulled him from bed and shoved him towards the door. In just his boxers, they led him to a minivan with a big group of people clapping and cheering.
The minivan drove the warehouse district and stopped in front of an old building. Three guys, not saying a word, escorted him in. There were several closed businesses in the building on the ground floor, and an old style cage elevator. They took the elevator to the top floor. It opened up to a dimly lit studio apartment that was actually nicely decorated, though minimally. A couch, dining table, and various pictures, which all seemed to be erotic art.
"Here," said one who Gage recognized the voice as the nursing student handing him a cellphone, "Boxers off. Your toiletries are in the bathroom. Enough food for three days in the fridge. More can be brought if necessary. You know the rules, signed the waiver. Survive the long weekend until midnight on Monday and you win. Good luck."
After Gage removed his boxers, the nursing student leaned forward and said, "You should be pleasantly surprised of your competition. I expect you to win the bonus -- I have money on it."
The three guys went down the elevator, and left the building. Gage heard a noise from the bathroom and the door opened.
"Okay, let's get a few things straight right away," said a voice which was familiar.
Out of the bathroom came an average height woman shielding her breasts with one arm and her groin with the other. She was more athletic than skinny with pale skin and a few tattoos. Her hair was shoulder length brown with blond highlights. Her face was that of the devil himself.
"This has got to be a fucking joke, you?" snarled Tracy Winfield, who was one of those one-night stands.
"Maybe you better just leave then," replied Gage.
"Sure, you get all the money for being a douche bag. Sounds like a great fucking plan."
"Just earn it back with frequent bitch miles."
Tracy didn't respond. She carefully moved, still shielding herself, to the couch and laughed coldly. "Those assholes rigged this up. Random selected my ass."
"What are you talking about?"
"Think about it, genius. They handpicked us because of our history. A big set up to get the maximum entertainment."
Gage shook his head. "I doubt it, just really bad luck."
"Really? You weren't offered a bonus for eating me out?"
"No..."
"I was -- for getting the guy to go down on me. And it just happens to be you with our history? Still think it's a coincidence or bad luck that it's the two of us? Come on, what did you need to do for the bonus?"
"Finish the deal."
"Finish the deal? How romantic. Fuck, can't believe I fell for this -- you, I can see." Tracy threw her head back and yelled out one syllable of frustration. "Fuuuuuuuck! Had to be fuckin' Gage..."
Gage wouldn't admit it to her, but she was right. They had history and ending on bad terms was an understatement. They met through mutual friends, Dave and Crystal, freshman year. Went to dinner and seemed to hit if off. After, they caught a movie and were holding hands by the end. After that, Tracy asked him to come over for a few drinks. That's what should have happened.
On the way to her apartment, she suggested stopping at a pub for a quick drink and snack. After her buying six rounds of shooters, they were making out in the bar. They took a taxi back to her place and had sex on her couch, halfway clothed. Only their pants and underwear were removed in the heat of the moment. He was excited and drunk, so it was quick. She didn't come, so she grabbed his head and directed him to her crotch demanding he "eat her till she screams." With the drinks, and a stronger odor down there that he wasn't used to, Gage puked mid cunnilingus -- all over her. She was not impressed, and mid berating, she also lost her lunch. She threw him a towel and made him sleep on the puke couch. He got up early to spare her kicking him out and thought that was the end of it.
That should have been the end, but a week later, Gage heard back from a mutual friend that she said it was the worst sex of her life. Gage was mad and drunk, so he announced loudly if her pussy didn't smell so bad, he wouldn't have puked on it. That was it. Mutual friends became team-Gage or team-Tracy. The two blocked each other on social media and avoided all contact for the next two years. None of Gage's friends even mentioned her name -- even though Dave's girlfriend, Crystal, was still close to Tracy.
"You know I still occasionally get referred to as 'stink puss'?" Tracy said calmly.
"Well, what you said didn't exactly help my social life either."
"What I said was in confidence as an explanation why I didn't want another date with that 'great catch' I was promised. I didn't announce it to the world."
"Starting a 'lame fuck' chant at a party isn't exactly private."
"Well, that was after you started the rumor, at least mine was true."
"Mine wasn't?" Gage said with a cold laugh, "That is the only time in my life that I ever puked drunk and guess why."
"Well, there could have been plenty of reasons. I drank a lot and was sweating. We just fucked -- briefly - with a lubed condom. That was the only time in my life any guy..."
"Puked while going down?"
"Said I smell bad..." Tracy covered her mouth, exposing her breast. It was average size and really perky. She started laughing, which lead to Gage laughing.
"Sorry, I'm still mad, but that was something out of real bad comedy, wasn't it?" Tracy said.
"American Pie worthy -- especially when you puked too." Gage said.
"Look, you got zero chance of getting your bonus -- sorry. But, but, I'm willing to have a truce and not visibly hate your guts."
"Same here -- no bonus for you as well. Never gone down there again."
Tracy frowned again. "I'm trying to be civil. Getting the bonus was always a matter of me being willing, not convincing. No matter who the guy was -- unless he was gay, which I was..."
"You were counting on the bonus, weren't you?"
"That's before I knew it was a set up to humiliate me. Let's get along -- not ogle or stare at each other -- and just get through this. I'm taking the bed, you the couch. We can swap next night. I'm assuming sleeping with a sheet covered is within the rules."
While Tracy 'freshened up' in the bathroom, Gage grabbed a blanket and pillow from the bed, turned off the light and settled down. He heard the bed creak as she did the same. The couch wasn't uncomfortable as he thought.
Minutes later, he could hear her tossing and turning. She was obviously awake muttering to herself. He heard his name, and wasn't sure if she called him or was venting. Despite knowing it was probably the later, he got up and walked through the open bedroom door. As always, too much was on his mind.
"Hey?" Gage said.
"What?" she replied in a not-happy-sleepy voice.
"I just want to know, if you needed to have so many drinks before we, you know, why did you bother going through with it? What did Crystal tell you?"
"You think 'I went through with it?' like it was some favor to Crystal?"
"Well, it definitely wasn't something you wanted to do -- sober. Crystal told me that you told her that she owed you big before we had our date."
"Of course, she did... Shit. Makes me look really good - fuck for a favor. Okay, you want to know..." Tracy sat up, letting the sheet fall to expose her breasts in the dim light, "I thought I was getting set up with some fugly guy that Crystal felt sorry for. Someone I had no intention of giving more than a kiss. Instead, I met this tall, strong, cute, confident guy with a great sense of humor that would be fun to hang out with. I thought we could have some chemistry and was really attracted to him. I thought because I was nervous that I would be terrible in bed because I'd only been with one guy before at that time. I thought a few drinks would loosen me up so I wouldn't be so nervous."
"Wow."
"I will kill you if this gets to anyone. Not Crystal, not Dave, no one. It was really quick between us, but I was so turned on about the whole thing, I was 'this' close to coming. Another two stokes and boom. That's what I tried to get you to finish me because I was almost there."
Gage didn't say a word. He was trying to figure out if that was the truth or not.
"Please, don't get your hopes up. That was two years ago. We're both different. No offense, you kind of let yourself go and this pity party thing is not a turn on. Back then, you had confidence."
"I lost it the night that I became known as 'lame fuck.' Any guys turn you down because of your nickname? With how hot you are, I seriously doubt it. I sure as hell have been because of mine."
"Good night, Gage. You try to climb in bed with me, and I will castrate you and claim self-defense. Close the door when you leave."
**
In the morning, there was little natural light in the apartment, with two tiny windows about seven feet from the floor. Gage woke up to the smell of oatmeal. He checked his phone; it was eleven am.
"Better do your confession video -- use the bathroom," said Tracy who was sitting with her back to him eating oatmeal.
"Yeah, not necessarily in that order," said Gage getting up, noticing he had a morning erection he probably should cover up.
Tracy giggled softly. "I'm not looking, just go. Women know all about the morning stiff thing, besides I have seen it before."
"But, it's bigger and all tattooed now. All new," Gage said as he sped-walked to the bathroom clutching the phone. There, he took care of mother-nature and showered.
He was amazed how many products Tracy needed. There was make up, cleanser, deodorant, perfume, and a dozen others he didn't want to know. He only had toothpaste, tooth brush, electric razor, deodorant, shampoo/body wash, and cologne. There was also a twelve pack of condoms, lube, and a vibrating ring, which he assumed wasn't left there by Tracy.
He had no clue what to do for the video thing, so he kept it simple. "Hey, Gage here. Start of day one. I slept in. I'm naked. She's naked. We haven't killed each other yet, but the day is young."
He sent the video and seconds later received a reply text, "Naked, how hot is she from one to ten."
Gage shrugged and typed, "11."
"She said you were nine."
He laughed and typed, "Bullshit."
A jpeg was sent of a screen shot with a video sent followed by the message, "naked how hot is he from 1 to 10."
The reply was, "9 if not talking."
It could be fake or it could be a joke. They had to know Tracy and his history and just were stirring the pot. Gage came out, a little more conscious to shield his groin. Last night he didn't care, but really seeing his nakedness couldn't be the most comfortable thing for her. Drooping dicks weren't something women like to see -- so he heard.
She was in the chair, back to him reading a magazine. "Water's still hot for oatmeal; all there really is for breakfast."
"Thanks." Gage went to prepare a bowl.
"Hey, I got a little mad last night -- not just at you but the whole set up thing," Tracy said.
"Okay, so did I."
"The 'let yourself go' comment was uncalled for and not true. My ass is bigger and I have some cellulite... comes with getting older. I didn't mean it. I am sorry."
"It's fine."
"I was... so embarrassed, worst I've ever felt. It felt like I was betrayed in the worst way -- not just by you -- but I took it out on you because I thought I needed to make someone pay..." Tracy sighed.
"Me too."
"So, if you read the rule using arms and such to cover things up is using other items as clothing. Last night, I broke the rules," Tracy said.
"I didn't notice," said Gage finishing his oatmeal.
"I agreed to do this knowing, for better or worse, someone would see me naked and vice versa. I am ready to accept that if you are. No ogling still applies -- ten second rule. More than a ten second glance is ogling."
Gage carried his bowl to the dishwasher. "I don't think that's a real rule, but I'll agree for common courtesy. What are you reading?"
"Hustler Letters," said Tracy and Gage nearly tripped on his feet.
"Notice how sexualized they made this -- knowing full well the bad blood between us? The artwork, all the stuff in the bathroom. No cable, just porn DVDs, only porn magazines, cards with XXX pictures, and we can't even check Facebook," said Tracy, "At least they gave us Kleenex and a showerhead."
"Yeah, probably getting a big laugh," said Gage.
"Do you want to get it over with?" said Tracy.
"Um?" Gage inched around her toward the couch.
"From what I remember, we didn't full undress. You've never seen my tits before -- a good look at least. Just take a look, and we'll get through this and collect our money," said Tracy.
"I don't think so. Shield yourself or whatever. I didn't do this to ogle someone," said Gage.
"Don't, please," said Tracy half-snorting. It sounded like she ready to cry.
"What?"
"You're being the pitiful thing all broken and the same time sweet and considerate, making me feel like the biggest bitch in the world. Making me hate myself isn't making you any more attractive. It's just making me feel ugly."
"Hey..." Gage said and touched her shoulder. She slapped it away.
"Stop it! Don't act like one of my girlfriends. Fuck, man up and stare at me! That's what a guy who'd call a girl 'stink puss' would do. Don't make me the mean one," she sobbed into her hands.
Gage went back to the table. He didn't notice before that there was an XXX set of cards. Their phones beeped. Time for another confession.
"Fucking great," said Tracy.
Gage got up, "I'll go first."
"I'll just do mine out here..."
He went in the washroom, decided to shower and release some of his sexual tension. When he was done, he turned on the phone. "Okay, second check in. Ate breakfast. I'm naked. She's still naked. We don't like each other so it's really awkward. Not sure what more to say."
He pressed send. The text reply right away was, "Why was she crying?"
Gage typed, "I dunno ask her."
"She said to ask you."
Gage swore and typed, "I guess I'm being an asshole. We hate each other. Everyone knew that. What do you mean she said ask me?"
Another screen shot jpg was sent of a conversation that went:
"Why are you crying?"
"Fuck you"
"Why?"
"Why because this guy I've hated and done the meanest stuff ever to is being the nicest to me."
"Why?"
"Ask him"
Gage could tell he was being played. He punched the wall and typed, "What is this? What's going on?"
The reply was, "Want my winnings for you earning the bonus."
Gage knocked lightly on the door and opened it. Stupid for the person leaving the bathroom to do, but he felt it was appropriate. Tracy was still in the chair facing away. "Did mine already."
"I know, listen, I think they're trying to manipulate us. I think they're sending me copies of your texts," said Gage.
"11/10... Figures that really was you. Look, do whatever you want, but can I have time to myself? I don't really feel like talking."
"Tracy..." Gage said.
"Can't you fuckin' listen? Stop being the nice guy. It's getting you no closer to fucking me, and it's not making me feel any better. It's pointless."
"I'm an asshole and probably already broken the 10 second rule numerous times. I just jerked off in the shower because it smelled of your perfume and reminded me of how nice your boobs looked. Arm bras are as hot or hotter than naked. We are being played here; they are trying to make you feel like shit and convince me that you like me. I do not know why."
Tracy wiped her nose. "You better have cleaned the tub good. That's pretty gross."
"Did you clean the showerhead?"
Tracy turned and looked at him, make-up running and puffy eyes. Her hand shielded her breasts. "That's so fucking different and you know it. Only the water made any contact down there and nothing oozed out."
Gage made a face.
"You know what I meant, fuck. What texts did they send?"
"The 9 out of ten."
"8 -- not talking, 2 talking."
"They left the end out. And 'the meanest, nicest, ask him' one."
"Figures... They sent the 11, and she broke my heart no one after was the same."
"What? I never said that," Gage said.
"It was a screenshot, you sent it," Tracy said, "Didn't you?"
"Let me see," Gage took the phone and handed his to Tracy, not that it mattered.
"Hey, I said '8 not talking.' This wasn't mine. Those manipulative pricks," Tracy said.
Gage verified she was right about 8 and then his post about eleven. The other exchange was they asked, "Do you hate him"
Tracy replied, "I thought I did. Does it matter? You set us up."
"Think he hates you?"
"Again, doesn't matter."
A screen shot was sent that looked from his phone:
"Do you hate her?"
"I can't. Never could."
"Why."
"She could have been the one. Never forgot that. She broke my heart, but it was me. All my fault. Not good enough for her, not good enough for anyone. No one was the same after her so I am better alone."
The worst thing about that text was it could have been true, and with their conversations, it would seem legit. He was right about deliberately making her upset.
"I wouldn't have typed this," Gage said trading phones back.
Tracy stared at the far wall. "Is it true? What is typed? You sure have been acting like it was."
"My heart wasn't broken. I didn't feel like 'the one' got away, but I was really embarrassed and blamed myself. It was a kick in the ass because I was here to get an education and not party and pick up girls."
"You blamed yourself? After you, I went out and fucked as many guys as I could to prove myself. Worried about one reputation got another one. Stupid. Few guys on campus see me as girlfriend material, just an easy fuck. I decided that wasn't me, and haven't fucked anyone for about ten months. Not many dates either," Tracy stood up. "I need to pee."
Gage tried not to look at her as she walked by him. He went to start something for supper. Looked like frozen TV dinners were on the menu. He had two cooked and waiting on the table when she returned.
Her face looked great - make-up redone and hair styled. She didn't cover herself, letting her breasts move naturally with each step. He also noticed the trimmed strip below her pierced naval. He shifted to cover his erection.
"This is fucked up. We let one bad night dictate who we were," Tracy said, "And the food stinks. Can't we order a pizza? I'd gladly let the delivery guy see this for some food."
"How was school and everything else? Other than a dating rut, my life didn't suck," Gage asked.
"I lost friends, as I'm sure you did. I failed one class and got on probation. The sex was mostly good... I did well last semester, but I already lost my athletic scholarship. That's why I agree to this."
"Athletic?"
"You didn't know I was a gymnast? Never bragged that up? Never wondered how I was so flexible?"
Gage shrugged. "I was so drunk I hardly remember much other than how it ended. It explains why your mid looks so good."
"Tits and pussy out, and you notice my tummy. Thanks and you are right. That night didn't ruin my life. One of a combination of nights that just changed things. You were my first ever one nightstand, and not my last one that ended shitty... Those fuckers." Tracy shook her head and took the remnants of her supper to the bin. "Those fuckers."
"You said that."
She circled the floor, rubbing her head. "You can't see? You should've figured it out before me," Tracy said, "You knew I was venting when I said you were stupid. You know I know you're smart. I'm attracted to smart."
"What?"
"This whole fucking thing is a set up."
Gage nodded. "We agreed on that."
"Not set up... set up," Tracy said gesturing with her hands, which made her tummy and boobs move in a way that was actually not attractive. "We are being set up together. This whole thing was some scheme to get us to connect. That's what this is. There better still be money or it's done right now."
Tracy picked up the phone and keyed in a text. The reply came immediately. Tracy looked emotionless.
"What?" asked Gage.
Tracy sat back in the chair. "It says, 'There's really money. It is a small price for happiness.' I thought there was some stupid sponsor or something. Where did the money come from?"
Gage shrugged.
"Think about it, once we stopped trying to keep resenting each other, we focused on this being some prank against us. Humiliate us more than we did to each other," Tracy said, "They make us mad at them to have a common enemy."
"With friends' help," said Gage.
"Yes, friends' help."
"They did this..." Gage sat on the couch beside her with plenty of room between them.
"Our friends went through all this trouble, set this up, and probably paid for it."
"Meddling assholes, better just to lend me the money than put me through this. Does everyone know -- all those people? This is like an extreme spin the bottle." Gage said as his phone beeped. Confession time.
"Let's do it together, record same time," Tracy said.
"Bathroom?"
"Sure."
They stood at the mirror side by side with their phones.
"This is Gage..."
"You know who this is," interrupted Tracy, "and we know what this is. We have forgiven each other and over the past. We appreciate what this is, but this isn't happening. Us isn't happening. I'm not the same person, neither is Gage. I am happy to hang here until Monday night and collect the money if that's what it takes."
"There, see what they say, I guess," Gage said.
He received a text, "Is she still worth it?"
"What?" Tracy asked.
Gage showed her. He didn't know how to respond. Worth what? Still?
Another text came, "Is she used goods now? She thinks so."
He texted back, "Of course not. She's just out of my league and you had no right to mess with us."
"What?" asked Tracy.
"It was nothing," snarled Gage and he went to the couch.
Her phone beeped and he should have known they would send her a screenshot.
"Crystal... I only said that to her. Hit rock bottom and needed a change. I told her that I was used goods now. Had an abortion that went wrong, and it made me sterile. Fucking around like a cheap slut and not caring if they used condoms did that. Still think I'm not used goods?" Tracy said from the bathroom. "Out of your league? You'll be mid-management making good money right out of college. Ready to settle down, start a family. How the fuck can I be out of your league? Having a nice ass and tits, with nothing else, is too good for you?"
"You were so funny, clever, got my humor, and enough in common that we could really talk. And needed to get drunk before taking me home," Gage said quietly, "You're still those things. You're not used goods."
"You are too fuckin' nice," snapped Tracy.
"Right, cause nice guys are friend zone because they're lousy fucks," Gage snapped back.
"I know how good of a fuck you can be, don't throw that at me. I don't deserve a nice guy because I am a immoral selfish bitch."
"I can't have kids either."
"Not with me... what?" The look of anger on her face changed to confusion.
"Can you come sit here so we aren't shouting across the room?"
Tracy approached slowly, eyes puffy again. "What did you mean?"
"Found out a year ago. Got really sick, had a bunch of tests. Doctor recommended I do the cup test after. Confirmed something with my plumbing is preventing sperm coming out -permanently."
"Seriously, you can't ejaculate?"
"That happens, but there is nothing there. A sexual infection I got from a girl who was a tourist from Thailand fixed that; my last one-night stand that ended badly. And last time I got laid, if you're curious."
"And Dave knows I bet..." Tracy said and started texting. "This has to be Dave and Crystal."
"Why?"
"I asked why all the condoms when they know we don't need it for pregnancy; the response was for hygienic backdoor action. That's their humor."
"It is." Gage said.
"Look, I really hope you don't have a thing for me," Tracy said, "I'm glad to not hate you, but I do not feel anything. If this were a clothes-on-regular date, I'd have my friend call with a fake emergency. No offense. It's nothing to do with you; it's I don't feel chemistry, the wow, between us."
"Okay... Nice guy gets friend-zoned; call the press."
"Look, I want to say this," Tracy said a little agitated, and then calmed, "I think I can say I do like you- as a person. If I didn't I would have fucked you the first night just to get it out of my system, and had nothing to do with you again. Nearly did. I don't want to lead you on -- it would be another bitchy thing to do to you,"
"Okay..."
Tracy wiped her eyes, "After I get the money, I am killing those two."
Gage was quiet for a moment looking at her, then said, "This is over."
He sent the text, "Enough. She's been really upset crying."
The reply was, "She needed to cry. Not a bad thing."
Gage typed, "Yes it is. I'm done. Give her the money if there really is some. Coming down."
He walked towards the elevator.
"What did you say? What are you doing?" asked Tracy.
"Letting you win," said Gage. As he was at the elevator, he heard Tracy's phone beep. Of course, they would tell her what was said. Playing with her some more.
"Don't please. Don't go," said Tracy sobbing again, "Gage, don't leave."
Gage turned around and raised his hands, "Why? It would end this."
"I'd have to stay to get the money and can't be alone; please don't go," said Tracy with her mascara running down her cheek. She got up out of the chair and went to the bathroom. He heard her blow her nose and run water.
"This whole thing is fucked. You don't need me to stay. If they wanted to create sparks, get us together, dressed, in a romantic setting. Music, flowers. Not naked with wall to wall porn." Gage motioned with his hand when she stepped out of the bathroom. "This, all of this, is for sex not love. And them upsetting and guilting you would just lead to a pity-fuck, and I don't want that. That's why I want to leave."
"You pity-fucking me or me pity-fucking you?" Tracy asked.
"What do you think?"
"I don't know. I don't know why you have me on a fuckin' pedestal and not just because I'm somewhat attractive. I'm the one they wanted pity-fucked, not you. This is for you to forgive me, and try to fuck my pain away." Tracy waved her hand. "This is for me to admit there might be a spark between us. I'm not romantic, I'd rather the love of my life make me cum so hard that my toes dislocate than a candlelight dinner. Steak, movie, drinks, sex. That's my perfect date."
"Then why..."
"I'm so fucking scared that if I sleep with you, I'll fall for you again and get hurt again. That's why," Tracy yelled and went back in the bathroom and slammed the door.
Gage went to the door; he could hear her crying inside. "I was asking why you want me to stay if I am upsetting you."
"Why? Because I am fuckin' upset, you idiot. I don't want to be all alone in a strange place. If you want to leave so fuckin' bad, go."
"Steak, movie, drinks, sex? That's exactly what we..." Gage said against the door.
"Yeah, Einstein. You want know how many others there was after you?"
"It's 2018, nobody cares about sexual history. Do you care about how many I've slept with?"
"Are you staying?"
"Yes."
"Then, I do. Details."
Gage laughed.
"I'm not joking. How many were you in love with?"
"None, but one I started to feel something. Four hook ups, and one I was really drunk and never should have done. The others, I really didn't care if a relationship started or not."
"How about ones you didn't sleep with?"
"One. She's pregnant and engaged so the friend-zone is permanent."
"Two. I've only thought I was in love with two my entire life."
"Who was the other one?"
"You think one was you?" Tracy snorted and then blew her nose.
"You said you fell for me."
"Fuck, I did... Add it to my stupid actions list." She laughed coldly. "I thought I was in love with the only guy that I slept with before you. It was high school and prom night. We dated for months before. Once he closed the deal, he collected and moved on to his next conquest."
"Collected?"
"I was in grade nine. The grade twelve boys all had a pool going on who could sleep with a freshman. A case of beer for finishing the deal, as they put it. That wasn't love. I was mad, not hurt. And he was in me for about three thrusts."
"I was your second time? And worst?" Gage said.
"Crystal misheard me. The last text said if I didn't tell you the truth about after, do it now. Here it is. That was my second time having a cock in me, but I've dated and fooled around. I said that was my worst sexual encounter ever."
"I heard that."
"My, me. I meant I was the worst. That's why you didn't call back. You rejected me."
"I was the one who threw up on you, and you were mad."
"At the moment. You think couples who've been together for years wouldn't be mad if that happened? It wouldn't end things."
"I took sleeping on the couch as a signal to not call back."
"You puked. I puked. Do you really think cuddling would be good at that time? Deciding to have sex was a really big thing for me at the time. I still thought we had something. I was planning on letting you shower, and forget how the night ended in the morning. Maybe restart something once we were sober. But, you were already gone and I heard nothing from you, until stinky puss."
"Come out." Gage said.
"No, not till I am done. Then you can leave if you want."
"I'll stay, go on."
The water ran in the sink. "I forget what I was going to say."
"I know what happened to you, before your abortion. It would never change my opinion of you. It wasn't your fault."
The door opened. Her make up was washed off, but Tracy's face was puffy and red. "What?"
"There's wine. Want a glass?" Gage walked to the kitchen area and pulled out two glasses.
"What do you mean, you know?" Tracy said calmly, though her eyebrow was lowered.
"I wasn't told directly; I figured it out today," Gage said. He sat at the table and poured a half a glass of wine.
Tracy sat across from him and poured a full glass. "Please explain what you think you know."
Gage took a big drink. "I remember Crystal being really upset. We were all out for my birthday. She told me a friend of hers went home with a guy from a bar. They had consensual protected sex. However, she woke up and he was in her again with no protection, and would not stop when she asked. She wouldn't press charges because she didn't think anyone would believe her. And then she found out she was pregnant. She didn't have coverage to pay for an abortion, so she went to an illegal clinic that she could afford. Unfortunately, something went wrong, and she got a real bad infection and needed surgery. And now couldn't have kids."
Tracy took a big sip. "What else did she say?"
"Just her friend was really upset, calling herself used goods and didn't think anyone would ever want to settle down with her now." Gage took a drink. "I said that's bullshit, and if she's cute give me her number."
"Really?"
"Crystal kinda laughed and said I didn't want it. I said why, sounds like even a new friend would be good for her. Crystal changed the subject." Gage took another sip. "I can't even imagine that, and don't want them to throw that out just to upset you."
"She didn't mention that man was my married history professor? He flunked me for missing classes recovering from his aborted baby. And I only fucked him in the first place to improve my grade."
"No."
"What if she told you then and there it was me?"
"I would have still felt bad, and think you needed a friend -- just one you didn't hate."
The phones beeped. "Confession time," Tracy said. She held up her phone and said, "Hi, I know who one of you is. Tell me what happened at Gage's birthday while I was in the hospital. And no, we're no nearer being a couple. I've told him everything."
There was silence as the two stared at their empty wine glasses. Tracy's phone beeped. She read the reply out loud, "Told him what happened. No names. He felt bad wanted number to reach out as friend. Should have let him. My mistake."
Tracy looked up. "Did you think it was me? After she told you."
"I didn't know for sure," Gage said. "How many friends did she have that she'd just change the subject like that? I was pretty sure. And did think you didn't need a guy you hate reaching out after that."
"What's wrong with you?" Tracy said, "this was before your swollen balls thing -- Crystal told me a friend of a friend had that. You think that I'm too good for you knowing all the shit? You knew since we got here, and acted like the wounded lamb in the affair? Fuck you. Seriously, fuck you."
Gage started recording his video, "Congratulations we're back to hating each other. Why? Why me? Obviously things have changed in two years. Why me to dig out the past?"
"Good, if you hate me again. You've found your nuts," said Tracy pouring another glass of wine. Gage's phone beeped. "Go on, read. Nothing at this point could be worse."
"No." Gage said and grabbed the bottle and poured another glass.
She reached and grabbed the phone. He didn't really protest. She read the text and her eyes watered. "No, you didn't want to read aloud, or your answer to this is no?"
"Does it matter really?" Gage said taking a big gulp of wine. "Isn't it better we hate each other? Maybe this is just one big case study for Crystal to write a graduate psych paper."
"It does to me. What did you mean by no."
"Fine, it was to both." Gage said and finished his glass. "Fuck you and no balls, right? Despite knowing that is false; no is my honest response."
"You think that is false?"
"From what you've said. You don't want to change it because you do not want to be hurt again."
Tracy took a drink again and read, "She never really stopped having feelings for you. It always seemed to be there just under the surface. Did you stop having them for her?" The phone beeped. "They resent it. You better answer."
Gage took the phone and said as he typed. "It doesn't matter. Going to bed. Expect money when this is all done."
"This is the setting of a porno. Two naked people. Naked pictures. Pornography. Wine," Tracy said, "And I've never felt so not-sexual. My nipples aren't even erect. You've been drooping most of the time -- yes, I broke the ogle rule too."
"Failed experiment."
"I haven't shared and cried like this... in a really long time."
"They manipulated..."
"No, you stupid asshole!" yelled Tracy. "I'm comfortable around you. I can be myself around you. I can talk to you -- even if it's because I'm mad. Even that night, I shared more about me than I ever do with anyone except my best friends. I stopped sharing with most of them after the hospital, but I'm here blubbering sharing with you.
"Anyone else, I would have fucked right away and ignored. That was my big speech before I knew it was you. 'Look, let's one thing straight right away, I'm just here for the money so let's get this over with. Lick it and then you can stick it.' I already had a condom in my hand; it's in the garbage now."
She covered her face and cried. "Parade naked for money. Fuck for money, like a prostitute. That's what I became..."
"Does that make me a gigolo? I don't buy you were going to no matter what. If it was a cute guy; it was a fling. If anything happened, that's what I was thinking. A stupid college thing. "
"I thought that, and saw you," said Tracy with her face still in her hands.
"I know, Tracy. You explained. I'm okay with what you decided. It's getting late."
"I'll take the couch. Don't argue. Gage?" Tracy looked up and tried to smile. "You've been a friend. I won't forget this."
Gage was almost asleep, when he heard the bedroom door creak, and then felt a weight on the other end of the bed.
"Gage, you still awake..."
He rolled onto his back. "Mmm, mmm. This is how irritating it was when I bugged you last night? I'm sorry."
"You knew I was still awake... and you didn't lie on the bed beside me."
"Because I didn't want to be castrated."
Tracy giggled. "Yeah, guess too late... Can you be honest with me?"
"I think we've both been quite honest..."
"To a point..." Tracy said and touched his hand with hers. "If we didn't have our history... if I was just some stranger that looked like me, would you have tried to have sex with me?"
Gage sighed. "Yes... even if you were someone not nearly as beautiful. My plan was to try and seduce whoever it was to get the bonus. Sorry, I'm not really the nice lamb or whatever. I'm still a guy who could use the money."
"Why haven't you tried anything?"
"I was planning to -- somewhere between our fighting and you crying."
"No jokes. Please the truth."
"I guess... Besides you making it clear from the start I had no chance this weekend...having sex with you that night was a regret. I should've wait -- especially being a more than a little drunk. I guess, I was waiting..."
"Wait for what now? I told you, no sparks..."
"You were going to make a move on the guy. What's your excuse..."
"I don't have one... I'm here."
Gage rolled over to face her, lying on her side facing him on the bed. "What?"
"If we agree, this is a one-time thing... could end some of the tension." Tracy smiled.
"I'm kinda drunk, you're kinda drunk and it's been a fucked up day, I'd rather not. Just kiss you and go to sleep."
"Rather not just kiss me? We can do more than that."
"I mean..." Gage leaned forward and kissed her softly on her lips. Their lips didn't part, but gently caressed each other for a bit. "Goodnight, Tracy."
"I don't want to be alone..."
"I didn't say I wanted you to leave, just not do something I'm not ready to do with you yet. Besides, haven't we proved booze and sex isn't the best combination for us." Gage smiled and touched her face. "I want you to stay with me."
Tracy stood up, so she could lift the covers and go under them with Gage. She lied, still facing him, with their bare legs touching.
"Good night, Gage. Thank you." She closed her eyes as she leaned in to kiss him. This time, he gently probed at her lips with his tongue and she opened her mouth to accept it.
It was as gentle as their previous kiss, with the tips of their tongues lightly rubbing as their lips touched. It seemed to go on that way for minutes until he placed his hand on her arm. For whatever reason, that touch caused her to shudder, and her mouth opened wider and the kiss deepened. She let out little sighs of contentment as they kissed passionately, their tongues dancing, and each occasionally pulling on the other's bottom lip.
Gage's arm went around her to pull her closer. She, in turn, draped a leg over his and slowly moved on top of him without breaking the kiss. Soon, she was straddling him as they kissed and he could feel her warm wet groin brushing against his growing erection. He reached to cup her bare C-cup breasts for the first time. Enjoying the baby soft skin, and firmness in them. Her nipples were erect, and almost begged to be rubbed, flicked, and lightly squeezed. Tracy showed her approval by sighing against his mouth and starting to grind on top of him, letting pussy rub against his erection.
Tracy broke the kiss with a gasp and propped her self up higher, with her hands on his shoulder. Gage took advantage of her change of angle, to raise a breast to his mouth and suckled her. Tracy sighed as he flicked her nipple with his tongue, grinding a little faster. Her pussy was so hot and wet that her petting against him felt very similar to being insider her. He knew, he wasn't going to last much longer; it's been too long since he felt that.
He put his hand on her taunt ass cheeks to try and slow her down, and to feel the ass he's admired the last twenty-four hours. Tracy, bent down and kissed him again, raising her hips slightly, and he slid inside her tight hole. She moaned and it was so sexy, combined with how good she felt around him, that Gage came inside her with a grunt. Tracy had to have felt it; she remained still with him fully in her and continued kissing him. Gage felt his jizz running out of her, onto his groin, and down the inside of his leg. He stopped kissing her back, feeling like another disappointment in bed, a lame fuck.
"Hey, don't be upset," Tracy said in between kisses on his neck and his ears, "This is so wonderful... just want to stay in your arms... connected..."
"Just don't puke?"
Tracy held her lips shut, trembling a bit, then fully burst out laughing. She rolled over off him onto her back and held a hand to her forehead as she laughed. "Oh, god... that's the funniest thing I've heard in a long time... I need to go pee. This is probably why there's three sets of sheets for two nights. Can you pull that one off? I'll help change it when I'm back..."
"No, I got it," Gage said in a low voice.
"Hey, we're being honest," Tracy said as he rose and tugged at the sheets, "I'm serious that was wonderful... more than wonderful. It was... intimate and I needed that more than an orgasm. I still want to sleep beside you..."
"That's why I'm changing the sheets, go before you pee yourself." Gage quickly changed the sheets, wiped himself off with a wipe and hand towel that, conveniently, were by the bed beside the sexual lubricant. He climbed in bed and was on the edge of the bed facing away from the middle.
Tracy returned and slid in beside him. She went on his pillow and spooned him from behind, her arm hugging his chest.
"Hey..." she whispered, "You okay..."
"Should that not have happened... I mean you said..."
"Gage, I kinda did tell a little lie... I didn't come to your room for sex... not really... I wanted to sleep beside you. Feel your body like a security blanket beside me... To know how that feels."
"You don't think we have any chemistry, so it was a casual thing." Gage almost said 'it's not for me.'
"Come on, you are brilliant." She kissed his neck, tenderly. "Don't you know anything about women? There's so much chemistry between us... and I'm trying to resist it, because it scares me. I'm not trying to lie to you, but lying to myself. The truth, I've tried to imagine a random guy was you as I fucked him... Mostly, Chris Evans or Adam Levine depending on the body type, but you occasionally showed up in the mix -- the only non-celebrity fantasy guy. Yes, I drunkenly confessed to Crystal that I was still thinking of you... Not, that I had a crush, but 'hey, isn't that weird... maybe'..."
Gage rolled on to his side, and she shifted over, and resumed snuggling against him. "Maybe?"
"Maybe, you were the one that got away... And they forced you on me... I'm scared..."
"I don't want a one-night stand... If I made a move, I thought that's all it would be. You'd be disappointed because it's... really been a while... and that's it."
"Gage, we didn't fuck, we shared a nice intimate moment. It's not a one-night stand... I'm sleepy, good night."
To Be Continued.