Sunday came and went. I texted Jen about inconsequential stuff, love stuff. She did the same. Yep, love is grand. I did not send the video. That other side of me began rearing its head. I knew I was in trouble for not doing it but, again, I am only human. I listened and did what it suggested.
Monday through Thursday was a repeat of the last few days. Jen coming to my cubicle and wishing me good morning before flashing her ass at me. Her dresses were not provocative. I could tell she had begun wearing her bras again. If anything, she was dressing conservatively, pretty much like the way when I met her. I decided I would spice things up for her on Friday. I texted her late Thursday, while I was in a meeting. 'Slut, tomorrow, you will where a nice dress with one of your camisoles, you decide which ones. Some nice shoes, not worried about the height of the heel, again something comfortable. But this is all. No pantyhose. No stockings. No panties. I also want you to have inserted your largest plug. I expect you to show me tomorrow morning while at work, you figure out how, that you have it in and the size of it. You will not expose yourself to others, but you will send me a picture showing it.
As for your video, I have burned a copy and currently it is residing in my DVD collection, next to the other J movies I have. Just about any one of my friends that come over will see it. I won't allow them to watch it, but they may ask about it.'
I returned to my desk after sending that from a meeting, boring as shit, covering how to install the new software that was coming out. I knew I was in for several weeks of questions and work helping everyone to get it working on their PCs.
There was a note on my keyboard. On the folded side it said 'David'. I opened and it said, 'please come to my cubicle, I really need to ask you something. Jen'
I sat down and worked on some stuff I needed to get done before going home that night. I knew from the meeting I had to get ahead for the next few weeks, otherwise I would be buried when that new software got installed. After about 30 minutes of letting Jen stew, I got up to get a water from the machine. On my way back I stopped into her cubicle. She was slightly rattled; I knew the signs. Her breathing was increased, not quite panting, but close. She was working but kept looking around, like she couldn't focus. My showing up caused her to start and lean back in her chair, I almost scared her by coming in the way I had. I said, "you wanted something Jen?"
"David, Sir, how will I do that tomorrow?"
"You figure it out. I just expect it to be done?"
"David, about that video. Can I have it please? Or can you put it somewhere safer, please."
"I'll think about it. Anything else?"
Whispering this, "David, may I cum tonight, please?"
"Nope" and I walked away. I didn't have to look; she was rattled alright. I knew she would be almost ready to cum if I just called her tonight. Something to think about.
Friday morning came and on my ride into work, I stopped and sent Jen a text, 'The picture I am expecting has to be taken while you are at work, just a reminder'.
I got to work and began my day. Around eight, Jen stopped by and squatted in my cubicle and quietly said "David. I have been thinking about that picture and, um, could you help me take it. I have an idea, but I really need some help doing it, please David."
"Jen, I am really busy with this new software coming out, how long would this take?"
"Hopefully ten minutes, David" The way she kept saying my name with that emphasis on it, made me know she was substituting it for Master.
"Fine, nine thirty, after my meeting I'll be free for a bit. I'll stop by your cube. Fair enough?"
"Yes David"
After my meeting I drifted over to her cube. Jen was fidgeting a little when I got there, she was obviously worked up. "Where are we doing this?" I asked.
Taking my hand for a moment, she rose and began walking towards the back of the building. Once there, she led me to a stairwell that went to the storage in the basement and the support equipment, cooling and heating and such, on the second floor. Walking up the stairs, Jen stopped and held out her phone to me. I got the idea what she wanted done. She walked up the stairs slightly and lifted her dress exposing her bare butt, she then bent slightly fully exposing her cunt between her legs and her plug fully in place. I took a picture, then said, "what size is it?"
Jen then reached back with her other hand, the other still was lifting her dress, she began to pull the anal plug out, this caused her to moan, and I could see dew forming on her cunt lips. Once it was just beginning to pop out, she stopped and her head looked directly at me and she put the sexiest moaning look on her face, I quickly snapped a couple of pictures. She pushed and the plug reseated itself.
She then dropped her dress, but not before I could see she was beginning to drip from her cunt.
Walking back down the steps to me, she held out her hand for the phone. At that moment, someone from a different department came into the stairwell and said Hey, before heading down to storage.
Jen froze, realizing that she could have been in that position of ass worship when someone came in.
I handed her the phone and chuckling turned and began to walk back to my desk. Once there, I saw she had sent me the pictures, which I will say, were hot as shit. I then replied, 'Does my little exhibitionist like that she was almost caught today?'
'Master, I had to run to the bathroom, I had to clean myself up, I almost can't stop having my cunt, the cunt you own, from dripping. Master, I know there is a risk, but may I cum?'
'Nope' I replied and chuckled.
Later in the day as I was getting ready to leave, I got another text from Jen, 'David, I feel I have to let you know this, my period is coming I think this weekend. I hope this does not change our plans, but I have to tell you this.'
'Call me tonight and explain a few things concerning it, I want to make sure of them before making changes to our plans.'
I rode my bike home and was spending a quiet time at home when around eight I got the call from Jen. "Master, you wanted to talk to me."
"Yes, Jen. When you have your period, describe to me the early symptoms. What you feel and such and what you see on your feminine products. Then talk me through what you do during your period, the products, do they change, and how do you feel, cramps or not?"
"Yes Master. I usually start wearing a pad a day before I know I am due. I don't feel anything usually, but I do see some blood on the pad when I change it after the day, I have put one on now in my panties once I got home. I change the pad about every eight hours or so. The first day of my period, I usually have cramps, sometimes they are severe, most times I can handle them with a pain pill. I transition to a tampon and a pad. The tampon I change about every four hours or so, I can feel it beginning to swell. It then tapers off from that first day. By the third day, I just need the pad again and only a few blood spots are there. I usually don't have to take any pain medicine on day two and never on day three. Does that answer you, Master?"
I sat and thought about all that women have to go through every month. How did men survive before feminine products? I mean, women had to be on edge during that time, anything a man said would probably end up being something that would push a woman over the edge. Maybe that is why men have beaten women in the past so much. Hence my aversion to any thoughts of that with any woman, especially the ones I loved. I also thought about the layers of clothing that a woman used to wear in seventeenth or eighteenth centuries, how would they have had time to take care of themselves when it took an hour to get dressed. Probably went into hiding in their rooms.
Coming out of my daze I heard, "Master, David, are you okay?"
"Sorry. Zoned out there. I had no real knowledge of all that you do once a month. I am impressed. Um, okay, let's do this. I think anything we plan for tomorrow is out. I don't want you doing something while you may be cramping, agreed?"
"That sounds find Master. I may not be my best tomorrow afternoon."
"Right. So, what are you doing Sunday afternoon?"
"Nothing much, was planning on finishing up housework and such. Why, what are you thinking?"
"Do you feel like coming over here? If you do, you will need to pack an overnight bag as you will be leaving from here to go to work. Will that work?"
"OH Yes Master. I would love to be there with you. I'll make sure I have everything done here before coming over. What time do you want me there?"
"How about noon, we can watch some movies or play some video games or do something. I'll make sure I have us a nice dinner going. Sound good?"
"Oh Master, I would love that. Maybe we can watch that video you recorded as well."
"Oh, you little slut, you want to watch yourself do naughty things, don't you?"
"Yes Master, anything for you."
We talked about other things for a while. I also told her, "Jen with this new software release happening next week, I am going to need to be there past my normal leave time. I won't know really when I will be leaving. Just wanted to warn you."
"Master, can I give you a ride home then each night you have to stay late? I don't mind waiting, I have work I can do. That way you don't have to fight with the heavier traffic, and I think it would be safer."
"That sounds like a good idea Jen, and I would really appreciate it. I will ride to work in the morning because you don't need to work that kind of hours. I get paid overtime, so it works out for me, and my boss really appreciates the extra work, because in the long run, having everyone able to get their job done without having headaches from the new software, makes my boss happier."
We closed off our talk and said our good nights. Shortly after that I got another picture from Jen the slut. She was naked and had removed the plug, her ass was gaped, and she was moaning in the picture, looking back towards the camera. Her cunt was dripping, and her upper thighs glistened from the nectar she had produced from playing with it while pulling it out. The text was 'my virgin hole is ready to be claimed Master. Fuck it into submission to you.'
That girl sure knew how to push my buttons. I was beginning to keep a file of her pictures and now that one video, on my home computer. I was thinking about changing the DVD I had made earlier with those pictures and video, something that would continue to build, I hoped.
Saturday, I cleaned my house. My house is not big, it was all I could afford in the market on my salary. Ranch style with an unfinished basement. I had since done some work down there with some friends help. Two-bedroom, kitchen / dining area, living room upstairs. Downstairs had the laundry and the beginnings of my man cave. Nothing major trust me, just a big TV, fifty-five inches, for games and movies and such, surround sound system, some easy chairs and my couch. Now this couch was not normal. Most couches you could lay on, if you are six foot or under. Your feet are pressed against the arm rests at one end and your head is able to lay on the couch seat with it possibly touching the other arm rest. Not this one. It had an additional eight inches there on the seats. That made it a lot more comfortable to sleep on if, not saying this has ever happened, mind you, you fall asleep playing some video game or other. I have found some of my friends crashed there and had to kick them out so I could clean up after a long session. All my friends love my couch. I think if I were to ever need to replace it, I would instead fix it, re-upholster it, whatever I needed to keep it usable.
But since it is a couch, I have to periodically pull the seat cushions out and do a deep clean on it. This serves as a cleaning opportunity and a financial one as well. Most of my friends end up on the couch and inevitably I get the financial gain from coins dropping out of their pockets. Not much but I have saved it in a can and last I checked it was over fifty bucks.
So, Saturday flew by with me cleaning and begging off with my friends about either a game, movie or something. They were beginning to wonder about me. I even heard the jab 'pussy whipped' from one of them. Me, perish the thought. I wanted to clean my house; the goddess was coming. Who would not want to make sure it was adequate to her tastes? Pussy whipped, not me, I did the whipping of pussies around here. That thought stopped me in my tracks.
I did not think that just now did I. That was so wrong. I can't hurt Jen or any woman like that. I can't even begin to think that way for fear of nausea overwhelming me. I had to sit down and think about my life for a while. Where this fascination was coming from. How I was going to prevent myself from ever doing that to Jen. I had to ask her something, demand something from her. I couldn't think of any other way.
I called her after I had collected myself somewhat. "Jen"
"Yes"
"I need a promise from you, Jen. I just had a thought and I need to make sure you are okay with this or not."
"What David?"
"Okay, I don't know if I have ever shared this with you but" and then I told her about my uncle beating my aunt and how that all ended up and how old I was and what sort of impression it made on me and my promise to myself then. "Jen, I want a promise from you please."
"Yes David?"
"Okay, if I ever, I mean EVER, hurt you, slap you, my god, beat you, you run! You turn me into the authorities and never ever see me again. Promise!"
It took a while, but I then heard from Jen, "Master, I don't think you could do that. You are one of the sweetest people I know. You are so kind; I cry from how often you have shown me kindness and I have not been able to show you anything in kind in return. You could no more hurt me than I could try to leap to the moon. Master, David, I love you. I know you. You would never, could never hurt me. That is not you."
I was crying. My goddess had spoken I had to believe what she said. She heard me crying and soon we were a cry fest of sobs on the phone. "Jen.... Honey.... I love you. I... I don't.... I really don't deserve you."
We eventually ended the call but not before we had pretty much cried ourselves out and sworn forever love to each other.
My Saturday ended with love in my heart and a cleaner house. Sunday morning arrived and I started the slow cooker going on what I had thought up. There is an old recipe that my French cousins had shared with us for some stew, that I really loved. Having ran and gotten all of the needed ingredients at the farmers market on Saturday, I got it going and finished up some minor work. I then relaxed and awaited Jen's arrival.
When noon rolled around, I heard the doorbell and went and found Jen in a light-colored blouse and a flowing skirt with some sandals. She had done her face up with some light makeup that accentuated her green eyes and strawberry blonde hair. She was drop dead gorgeous. My goddess was at my door. I showed her in and took her bag she had brought, with what I assumed was a change of clothes. She began following me, but I turned and said, "You are slightly overdressed slut."
She stopped dead and smiled at me. Then frowned and said, "Master, my period, um."
"Keep the panties on, otherwise, nothing."
She smiled and began stripping in my doorway. I had not closed the door yet, so she was exposing herself to whoever drove past on the street in front of my house, usually not too many on a Sunday afternoon, but still the thought was revving her up. During this she remarked, "Master something smells good."
"An old family recipe in the slow cooker. Hopefully you will like it. Close the door and follow me, I'll show you the house."
My house is set up with the entryway she stripped in that had a hallway to the right of it from the door, the living room was off of the entry way to the left, small TV and some old furniture, nothing special. Straight in front of the entryway was another hallway forming an L that led to the kitchen and dining area. I showed her to my bedroom and dropped off her bag, showing her the spare bedroom that I had turned into an office / weight room. Bathroom off of the hall across from the spare. Then over to the kitchen / dining room where the food was cooking. You could get to the living room from there, the center of my house was like a circle wall holding a fireplace and coat closet. Some of my friend's kids liked to run in circles around it playing tag and such. I then led her to the stairs and entry to the garage. I didn't own a car, so I converted it into my bicycle repair shop. I could fix just about anything on my bike. I was also working on building from spare parts a new one.
We went downstairs, Jen had grabbed my hand as I led her through the house, asking questions about different things in the house and some of the family pictures. I told her more about my heritage and where the pictures had been taken with me and the family. Upon reaching the basement, which I had carpeted out for the finished section, we went into my entertainment room / man cave. She gasped at how nice everything looked and began wandering around looking at different things. Pulling out different movies and making comments about different scenes in them or whether she had seen them or not. She then looked through my gaming system with its different games and we talked about some she had played, which was not too many, and what I thought about some of the ones she was looking at.
I had sat down on the couch in the center, and she soon joined me. One other thing about this couch, the seat cushions were thicker, you didn't sink so much as your molded into them. Another reason why so many of my friends spent so much time at my place on that couch. She sat down and when she did, I noticed that her panties showed a lump in the back, I figured she had inserted her plug before coming over here.
"Jen, do you like it?"
"David, Master, I love it. It is so nice here. I'm jealous and want to move in. This couch feels so nice I won't need a bed; I can sleep here. You have done wonders on the house, when did you have time with everything you do?"
"Jen, while I am tempted by that idea, I think we need to go slow here and make sure we are a couple for a while longer, okay?"
"Master, you know I was joking. I agree, we need to take our time on being a couple first. But..."
"What Jen"
"Master, your slut sent you a picture."
"Yes, I remember several from you."
"Master, it was the one where I was begging you to make my virgin hole submit to you."
"Oh, but what about your time of the month?"
"Master, if you have a towel, I can be such a slut for you. You will be able to make my slut ass know who owns it. Master, will that work?"
The whole time Jen had been rubbing herself against me and moving closer to almost laying in my lap. She was also kissing my neck, my chin, working her way up to my lips. She wanted something I could tell.
I had a plan for this just in case, but, well, let's just say I was going to be pushing the slut some more. "Jen, if you want your virgin ass to be fucked?"
"Oh yes, Master, fuck that ass, show it you own it."
"Then, I need you to do something."
"Anything Master"
I took her hand and led her back upstairs to the living room. I motioned to the front window and said, "Open the drapes, place your hands on the window and present yourself to the world, press your tits against the glass like you did at your apartment. You will then wait there for me."
Jen began shaking again, I was pushing her exhibitionist button. She stumbled to the front window and began pulling back the drapes. I had a shear which she also pulled back. You can see the street quite well from that window, nothing really in front of it, some small shrubs and my lawn which was only about fifteen feet wide at that point. My street is not busy like I said on a Sunday, but it was very likely a car would drive by. Also, my neighbors across the street could open their drapes or walk out to their yard or car.
Jen was a quivering mess. If she did not have a pad in her panties, I think they would have been soaked. I went into the hallway and pulled out some old towels and carried them back to the living room. I then said, "place these under you and get rid of the panties. I am not worried about what drips onto those towels.
This caused Jen to go into overdrive, when she had pulled down her panties and resumed her position in the window, the nectar and some blood was running down her thighs, dripping onto the towels. I sat on one of the old chairs and watched her for a while. After about fifteen minutes I said, "Slut, reach back and remove the plug and clean it with your mouth while looking out the window."
"Yes Master" she stuttered out. She was almost cumming from standing there. I was beginning to rethink how many towels I would need for this, so I went and got some more, just in case. Jen had meanwhile removed the plug which caused her to expel a fair amount of gas, normal, and was licking her ass juice and lubrication off of it. She was staring out the window, her legs were soaked from her excitement. I had heard a car drive by and a moan from Jen when it did.
I slowly undressed and walked up behind her. "Slut, do you want to move this to the bedroom? Or stay here? Either will be fine with me."
Shaking all over Jen replied, "Here Master. Fuck your slut here. Let the world know I am yours."
"Place the plug in your mouth and suck on it, I will need it later." I said as I began placing the head of my cock below her ass, just at the back of her cunt. Jen was nodding her head as she shoved the anal plug into her mouth and moaned. I wiped the head of my cock on her cunt mixture, lubing it up slightly, I then began to ease it into her ass, her sphincter was slowly widening to allow me entrance. As I began my push, I heard another long moan from Jen.
About that time another car drove by, who I happened to know, neighbors down the street. I would not put it past them to look at my house and see a car parked there and wonder who was visiting. They may have also looked at my house and saw a goddess in the window serving up her wonderful ass to her master. I was slow at first, pushing only part way in before pulling back, and repeating. I soon built up a rhythm and began pushing more in. Each time I went in, Jen was pushed harder into the glass, smashing her D cup breasts against them, flattening the nipples that could have cut the glass right then. She would also exhale, almost a long sigh, then when I pulled back it was an inhale and moan. I was soon bottomed out and stopped.
"Slut, I own this ass, right?" Jen could just nod her head.
"I completely own you now right slut?" Again, Jen nodded her head and moaned as another car drove past.
"You ready to have your ass submit to me slut?" Jen nodded her head more forcibly as a couple of teenagers rode past on bikes.
"And slut, I expect you to cum while I am doing this. I expect you to cum a lot" She began orgasming right then, her ass shaking and squeezing my cock. Her orgasmic juices pouring out on to the additional towels I had laid down.
I then began fucking her ass, there was no other way of saying it. I slammed it, I pounded it, I made sure it knew who its boss was. Jen was soon pushing back, against me, trying to meet each thrust with one from her. A continual moan was coming from her, her cunt dripping, pouring out almost pure nectar, just hints of blood. She was convulsing with every other thrust, a new orgasm hitting her. But I was not to be denied. My goddess had asked me to make her ass submit. I was determined to do that. I was holding her nipples, pinching and squeezing them as I thrust repeatedly into her ass. This was causing her to scream out her love of this around the butt plug in her mouth. Some spit was dripping from her mouth as she screamed.
After several minutes of this, I slowed and pulled almost out and asked Jen, who was barely coherent by this time, "Slut, does this ass know who its master is?"
Jen could only nod here head convulsively; she was in an orgasmic world and my question didn't completely register with her.
"I don't think so, I think it needs some more lessons." And with that I redoubled my efforts. After a few minutes of this Jen was gone, the window was fully supporting her top, while I was supporting her from her ass down, holding her up so I could slam my cock deep into her ass.
I began to feel that feeling in my nuts, yep, they need release. When they said, enough, I slammed my cock deep in Jen and erupted my weeklong pent-up cum. I lost track of the number of ejaculations, ten, twenty, (I wish) I then pulled Jen from the window with me still in her over to one of the larger chairs I had in the living room. The window showed her hand and face prints all over it. Jen was a bag of bones connected at the ass to my cock. I had fortunately left another towel in reach when I sat down. I grabbed it and placed it the best I could to catch some of the nectar still oozing out of Jen. My cock buried in her ass was keeping it pretty well sealed. And her sitting on my lap helped to keep it somewhat hard.
I began kissing her and fondling her tits. I was soon into the suckling on her tits and biting the nipples. I was thinking about giving her a hickey on each of them, something for her to remember that I owned these as well. About the time I was beginning to make my move to doing that, Jen moaned again and reached for the plug she had in her mouth. She pulled it out and almost dropped it, I grabbed it, and then she began taking deep breathes from her mouth, something the plug had been denying her.
"Master."
"Yes Jen."
"Master, your slut is truly fucked. Her ass is yours. You own all of me."
"Jen, I know."
"But Master, um, I feel like I have something still in there."
Jen was still pretty much out of it. "Jen, honey. You still have my cock in there. Do you remember what you said you would do if I ever claimed your ass?"
Moaning again with desire as another small convulsion went through from another orgasm, she said, "Oh yes Master, let me clean that right up."
Jen began rising up and then I stopped her before my cock pulled out. "Jen, honey, you need to place this back in once I pull out, to keep my cum in there for the rest of the day, okay?" I said and waved her anal plug in front of her.
"Oh, right Master. Let's try to stand and you can pull out and push that plug into my well fucked and totally owned ass."
We did that and then Jen turned around and knelt with her face inches from my cock. Now, she had taken precautions by using an enema prior to coming over here, but some of her blood was also present, nothing gross, but noticeable. She lifted the head of my cock and kissed it, and then opened her mouth and began pushing it all in, licking around the head and shaft as she went. Another moan came from her and I. She was soon slurping my cock getting it further into her mouth and throat.
Now, being a normal man after giving all I could and cumming forever in my orifice of choice, my cock I figured was done for a while. Silly me. Once my goddess began her oral ministrations with deep throat action and moaning thrown in, it rose again to the occasion. She was soon deep throating me and then slurping and licking. Her hands never touched me other than to hold my legs in place. It was all mouth work and work it did. I began to lean back into the chair as it was feeling so good. I fell slowly there, Jen keeping contact the whole time.
I normally don't talk when this is going on. Not this time. "Suck it slut. Suck your master's cock down like a true throat slut. You want my cum, don't you cum slut. You want to get your protein for the day, right cum slut." I looked down and my goddess of a cock sucker had her eyes glued to mine. She winked and deep throated me, holding it there for what had to be thirty seconds, before pulling back, gasping for air, and then doing it again. She kept this up for minutes and my cock gave up the ghost and I came.
And when I came. "Take it slut, suck that cum down into your slut stomach. Take it" the last part almost screaming. Rope after rope fed Jen, straight down her throat. She stayed there with my cock buried in the back of her throat.
We both slowly recovered. Jen had crawled up into my lap and was laying there with her head on my chest. I had not passed out, honest, I just rested for a while. When we were both coherent, I pulled Jen into a kiss that lasted for hours. I think we could have continued right there, but I wanted to do other things.
"Jen, look around and find your panties. Go take care of your pad if you need to. And then meet back here, please."
"Yes Master. Your slut complies." With a wink, and another kiss, she sashayed over to find her panties. She then left to go the bedroom and bathroom to replace the pad in them. I in the meantime I got up and grabbed some cleaning supplies and paper towels. I also grabbed the towels I had thrown down. To say they were a mess would put it mildly. There was lots of fluid that they had soaked up, the carpeting was even a little damp. I didn't think it had gotten to the pad, but I thought about putting down another towel or using some carpet cleaner stain remover on it.
While Jen was gone, I dressed and started working on the place where we had our fun. She returned and asked, "Master, what can I do to help. We made a mess, I made a mess, let me clean it up please."
"No, Jen, you are going to be cleaning the window. I think you might have smeared it earlier."
I pointed to the window spray and the paper towels. And Jen just quivered some more and nodded her head. I was really trying to push her buttons today.
We worked to get everything cleaned up, I ran the towels down and got them in the washer and running. When I returned to work more on the carpet, Jen had the inside window clean. She then had to pull the one up-man-ship card by asking, "Master do you want me to wash the outside of the window as well?" She was smiling when she asked this.
I almost gave in; she knew she was seeing how far I was willing to push her. I just shook my head, and grabbed her face and thoroughly kissed her, before returning to the carpet and telling her to close the drapes for now. Once I felt I was done, I found Jen next to me, ready to give me a kiss.
"Master, I love you so much. You know where my buttons are. You know how far to push to get the most out of me. I have never met anyone like you. I really want to show you off, because that is the way I think of it, I want to show you off as the perfect man, perfect owner, of me. I only wish someday that I can pay you back for all that you have given me. I am going to, Master. I will show you so much love and willingness to do anything for, I can only imagine it. I really, L O V E You." Then she kissed me and threw herself on me. We rolled on the floor for a while until someone knocked on the front door.