"Oh my fucking god that was hot!" I thought to myself as I laid back on my bed.
I wore a big smile on my face as I stared up at the ceiling. The sound of the running bath water rang out from down the hall. My mom had a leg cast, so her baths consisted of her seated on the side of the tub and giving herself a sponge bath. I closed my eyes and visualized her washing my gobs of cum off her face, and soon I fell asleep.
I woke up to the hot sun beaming on my face. I normally closed the blinds to my bedroom window that faced east, but clearly my mind had been elsewhere when I fell asleep.
After a few yawns and stretches I freed myself from the shackles of my cozy bed and made my way to the hallway bathroom. Once I stepped out of my room and into the hallway I was met with the smell of bacon. "Mom's making breakfast!" I thought to myself as I rushed to turn on the shower.
In no time I was freshly showered, dressed and making my way down the stairs to the kitchen.
"Good morning sweetie!" My mom said with a big bright smile on her face.
"Good morning Mom!" I replied as I took a seat on the kitchen counter next to the stove.
"Breakfast is ready." She said. "Would you mind making our plates honey?"
"Of course Mom, you didn't need to do all this with your leg and everything." I replied with a tone of genuine care.
"Oh but I wanted to make us breakfast honey. I hate how dependent I am on you so I wanted to do something on my own." She said.
"Well it looks delicious!" I said as I bit into a piece of bacon. Even though we didn't have much financially my mom always bought our meats and vegetables from the farmer's market, and this bacon was some of the best I'd ever had.
"How'd you sleep?" My mom asked as she sipped her coffee.
She looked so good. She was still wearing the silk shirt I gave her before she went to bed the previous night. Everytime I saw her now I felt tempted to look for those captivating nipples of hers.
"Good I guess, I hardly remember falling asleep." I said as I chugged my orange juice.
"Well good!" She said. "I have a feeling your 'release' helped."
"Oh...yah...uh..." I stammered.
"Oh don't be embarrassed sweetie. Are you all done?" She asked as she went to grab my empty plate.
"Yes, thanks Mom that was so good." I said.
"You're welcome honey, it's the least I can do for you taking care of me." She said. "So, it's Saturday, what are we going to do today?" She asked.
"I don't have any plans, what sounds like fun?" I asked.
"Hmmmm...it's so hot out, how about we go see a movie?" She asked.
"That sounds perfect! Let me see what's on..." I said as I pulled out my iPhone. I loved going to the movies, my girlfriend Ashley and I went all the time.
"What's Ashley up to today?" My mom asked.
"She's in Colorado with her family, remember?" I replied.
"Oh that's right, duh." My mom said.
"Ok Mom I've got two choices for movies we can go see: would you rather see a scary movie or a comedy?" I asked her.
"Hmmmm...let's go see the scary movie!" She said, smiling.
"Sounds good! It's on at 2:15." I said, excitedly. I too wanted to see the scary movie, comedies bored me for the most part.
"Woohoo! Well I've got to do some send some emails then do some laundry before we go." She said. "See you in a bit." She said as she leaned over and kissed me on the corner of my mouth.
"Sounds good Mom, see you in a bit." I said as I watched her limp herself into the living room. God what an ass I thought, 2:15pm couldnt' get here fast enough.
*****
"Honey?" I heard my mom say as she knocked on my bedroom door.
"Come in Mom!" I said from across my bedroom.
"It's 1:30, do you want to meet downstairs in a few minutes? Which theater are we going to?" She asked.
"We're going to the Sundance, so we don't have to leave for another 10 minutes or so." I said. The Sundance was a small local cinema just down the street.
"Ok sounds good." My mom said. "What's that smell? Have you been smoking mister?"
"I took a few hits earlier. I thought you didn't mind if I smoked weed?" I said.
"Well it's better than drinking I guess, just don't like you doing things behind my back." She said.
"Well why don't we smoke a little together before the movie? Come on, it'll be fun, plus I know you don't take your pain killers, maybe some weed can help ease some of your pain." I said, convincingly.
"Oh I don't know, I tried it once in college and it didn't do anything for me." She said.
"I insist!" I said as I grabbed my bowl off my nightstand. "Here." I said as I handed her the loaded bowl and a lighter.
"I don't know honey, I don't even know how to do this." She said as I handed her the bowl.
"Here, just put this up to your mouth. I'll light it for you, now breathe in." I said as I put the flame to the ground marijuana. Immediately the bowl caught fire. My mom took a HUGE hit and immediately began coughing. The coughing turned to laughter, and soon we were both giggling as my mom caught her breath.
"You ok?" I asked, laughing.
"WHEW! Yes, I think I'm ok." She said smiling. "I need a drink, my mouth is so dry."
"Sure Mom, let's go downstairs, get a drink and head out." I said as I wrapped her arm around my neck.
We wobbled our way downstairs, had a quick drink in the kitchen, got in my car and pulled out of the driveway. I glanced over at my mom on our way to the theater and she looked stoned! She was staring off into the distance through the windshield with a faint grin on her face. I could tell she was enjoying the effects.
I pulled into the theater parking lot and found a spot right up front. I flung my door open and ran around to help my mom out of the car. Once she got on her feet she stumbled a bit and fell into my arms. We both started giggling again. "This is going to be fun." I though to myself as we made our way to the entrance.
"Here honey, for the tickets." My mom said to me as she pulled a $20 out of her purse.
"Oh no Mom, I've already got the tickets." I said to her as I pulled my iPhone out of my pocket. As an avid movie-goer I had all the apps on my phone, and once we settled on the 2:15pm showing I went ahead an purchased the tickets through the app.
"Oh, well, thanks mister! You drove me here AND you bought our tickets? I'd call this a date!" She said excitedly.
"This IS a date!" I said as I we walked towards theater 3, holding hands.
We arrived at theater 3 and walked into the darkness. The theaters at Sundance were fairly small as they fancied themselves an "indie theater", hence the name Sundance. To my surprise the theater was empty, like completely empty.
"Looks like it's just us! Where do you want to sit?" She said.
"Hmmmm" I said, surveying our options. The theaters were small, no stairs or anything, and there was a mixture of recliners, loveseats and couches instead of traditional movie theater seats
"How about over there?" I asked as I pointed to a couch on the other side of the theater.
"That looks perfect." My mom said as she gazed in my eyes.
We made our way over to the teal couch (which was in the darkest spot of the seating area).
"Here, let me help you." I said as I held my mom's hand while she gingerly slumped down into the couch.
"Thanks honey." "Come sit." She said as she patted the couch next to her.
I sat next to her and made myself comfortable.
"Honey is it ok if I lean against you? I need more legroom for this stupid cast." She asked quietly.
"Of course." I said as she leaned against me.
Just then the lights dimmed, signaling the start of the movie. The film was about a group of college kids who were filming a documentary about an abandoned sanitarium. There was a very tense scene and I felt my mom squeezing my hand.
"Ahh!" My mom yelled as a jumpy, scary scene played out on screen. She turned and buried her face in my chest and I wrapped my arms around her.
"Hahaha you ok?" I whispered in her ear as she clung to me.
"That scared the shit out of me!" She whispered back into my ear.
Suddenly I felt my cock growing.
"It's ok." I said as I hugged her tightly.
After a few seconds began to adjust herself.
"Ugh!" She grunted in a 'loud' whisper. "This stupid cast, I can't get comfortable. Plus I'm supposed to have it elevated." She said as she continued to struggle.
"Here, let me help." I said. I bent down, lifted up her cast and gently set it on the arm rest at the end of the couch.
"Thanks sweetie!" she whispered happily.
I sat back down and before I knew it my mom was laying her head on my lap.
"Ok if I rest my head here?" She said.
"Yes of course." I replied.
As we watched a scene unfold in a bathroom I thought of what happened the previous night in my mom's bathroom. The thought of my mom's hands on my balls made my cock grow, quickly.
My mom's head was right on, well, my penis head. As my cock grew I could feel it pressing against the back of her head more and more. After about a minute I was rock hard, my cock basically supporting my mom's head. There was no way she couldn't feel it.
Suddenly my mom sat up and whispered in my ear "I think there's something wrong with my pillow". Just then I felt her squeeze my cock head twice real quick. "Honk Honk" she giggled. "You sure have been excited lately mister." She whispered.
"I can't help it." I said, as if I were a victim.
I realized that her fingertips were still holding my cock head. She and I were gazing into each others eyes in the dim light of the screen in front of us. I felt her squeeze my cock head a third time, then a fourth, then a fifth.
"I can't believe how big the head of your cock is sweetie!" She whispered in my ear. "I love it."
Stunned, I didn't know what to say, all I knew is it felt like I was in a dream. As a young boy I would occasionally think about my mother in a sexual way. I couldn't believe she now had her hand on my penis.
The screen went all black, which totally blacked out the theater. My mom was now stroking the head of my cock. I was rock hard and let out a soft moan.
I felt her reach for the zipper.
Soon she had unzipped my pants (but not unbuttoned). I felt her hand reach into the opening of my pants, digging for my cock. I was wearing loose boxers, and almost immediately she was gripping the shaft of my cock.
"Oh honey, I'm so impressed with your size." She whispered seductively as I let out a louder moan.
She was slowly jacking me off. Running her fingertips gently up and down the shaft and head of my throbbing cock.
I reached out for her breasts. She was wearing a bra and a t-shirt. I felt her boobs and began to squeeze them. She adjusted her cast and sat up more so that I could get a better angle.
Her tits felt amazing. I couldn't believe we were touching each other like this. I hated that I couldn't feel her bare boobs.
"Ugh I want to feel those nipples!" I whispered in a pleading tone.
I noticed her move about but couldn't tell what she was doing, it was so dark. Then I felt her hand me her bra.
I started at the bottom of her shirt and began to feel her up. Soon I felt them: huge heavy tits and those massive nipples. I began to squeeze them with both hands.
My mom began to stroke my cock harder and harder. She softly pulled my hands off her breasts. Without warning I felt my mom's hot mouth on the head of my cock.
"Oh. My. Fucking. God." I whispered, loudly.
She slowly kissed and licked the head of my cock, as if she was shyly making-out with it. I reached for her tits, but her shirt was covering them.
I tugged on her shirt and tried to pull it up to reveal her bare tits, but she resisted when I did this.
"Fuck it" I thought to myself as I knew I wasn't going to last another minute or two. I aggresively lifted my mom off my cock, pulled her shirt up over her head, threw it off the couch and pushed her mouth back on my cock.
At this point she had most of her cock in my mouth. She was bobbing up and down, inching further and further down my shaft.
"I'm gonna cum!" I scream-whispered.
I grabbed the back of her head and slammed it down while I thrusted my cock up at the same time. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back while I felt the orgasm begin.
I heard her gag loudly as the first load of cum shot down her throat. She tried to pull off my cock, but I shoved her face down even harder, my cock halfway down her throat.
She gagged again. And again. And again. I felt her teeth against my abdomen as I felt my cock pulsate.
As my near 30-second orgasm subsided, I opened my eyes. The theater was now lit up.
I looked over to see my mom, topless, hurrying to find her shirt. As I sat up I saw the hostess standing just a few feet away. There was a look of horror on her face.
"Get out!" She yelled.
***