"Are you interested in an oil change?"
When I turned around it was Randy from the auto repair shop standing behind me at the hardware store. It had been all too fresh, the surprise meeting and his offer. I tried to be cordial and nonchalant about our hookup even when my hormones were screaming at me to pay attention. Plus I didn't have Evan running interference for me.
"Oh, hi. How have you been?" I said casually.
"Much better since I went to the park."
"Oh," I said downplaying the entire dogging episode into a meeting of acquaintances. He came looking for exhibitionists willing to give him a handjob and ended up with his cock in my ass. But I was caught off guard in the hardware store and a little unsteady.
As I was next in line at the checkout he said, "Well, say hello to your husband. He's a real fan of mine."
Walking away I could feel the wetness between my legs. Once I paid the cashier and headed for the door he said, "I really think you could use an oil change," alluding to the loose arrangement we'd made.
When I got in the car I called Evan at work. I told him how awkward it was seeing Randy and how he repeatedly suggested I needed an 'oil change'. He laughed at Randy's euphemism for submitting to him.
"Well were you interested?" he asked.
"I don't know, I guess so. I wasn't sure so I stayed polite. I thought dogging was supposed to be anonymous but this is different. I never expected to encounter someone I knew. He said to say, hi."
Evan laughed again, "Ya, I'll bet he did. Look, Chrissy, you can do whatever you want and if it's freaking you out we can find another shop to bring the car. You seemed to be free and easy in the college days and those guys definitely knew you."
"I know but I was young."
"You're still young."
"Okay, so I'm asking your opinion."
"I think you should fuck him because I know you want to and I want you to fuck him because I get turned on watching you."
"Then i guess we get an oil change."
***
Janey called me that same evening. We hadn't talked since the ride home from the park a few days before. At her request we'd gotten intimate on the bed in the back of the step van. I could sense her embarrassment about it.
"I just wanted to clear the air about that episode. I was all turned on from the park and my hormones were going crazy and you were so hot and I'm really sorry that I..."
"Sorry to interrupt, Janey, but I loved, loved, loved eating your pussy and making you cum. I have no regrets whatsoever and, I mean, what are friends for?"
She started laughing and the tension went away. "That's the beauty of being a woman," I said, "even a straight woman. We're flexible, you know?"
She giggled..."Thanks, Chrissy, you're a gem. So when are we going back to the park and fuck?!"
"Aren't you the eager beaver!"
***
"Are you ready?!" Evan called from downstairs.
I was ready alright. On the outside of the package I wore a plain, customer worthy, knee length green wraparound dress with a sash. Underneath the dress was a show stopping black lace bra, garter belt, pantyless, attached stockings atop a pair of my sexiest heels with straps. Standing in front of the mirror I began getting moist at the thought of being ravished by Randy. He'd fantasized about me for a very long while and now I would hand myself over to him for anything he desired.
"How's my girl?" Evan asked as I descended the stairs.
"Looking forward to Randy's cock in me."
"Fuck, Chrissy, that's hot."
We were only a few minutes away from the shop and I could see from the parking lot that Randy was in his usual place, manning the car write ups and scheduling. There was a smile a yard wide when we came in the doorway. We mutually picked this day because his wife was off.
"Ahhhh, two of my favorite customers," he chirped.
Evan took the lead, "Hi, Randy. We're bringing the car in for the oil change you mentioned to Chrissy and maybe check it out for some possible bodywork?" Evan was especially pleased with his double entendre.
Randy half listened to Evan but never took his eyes off of me.
"Yes, so we're pretty busy but why don't you bring the car around to the white building in the back and I'll check it out personally." Then he asked another man to cover the service desk for him.
When we got around he was already waiting at the door which he unlocked and we followed him in. First you came to a small outer office with some random papers on a desk but then a door opened into a larger room.
It was sparse. No natural light except for a skylight and pair of lamps, a twin bed, a couple of lounging chairs, a minibar and a wall with two rows of hooks. On the hooks were a variety of ropes, handcuffs, nipple clamps and other accessories.
This was my automotive repair shop? He had reserved a space, not for the fantasy of a woman but for the physical deed. I wondered how many other manifestations of sexual obsession were hidden away like this in the city.
And me? I was the perfect girl in a perfect storm. I wanted to be fucked, used, dominated, and to make it all run smoothly I had a husband there to give me away. Three perfect, complimentary parts and after this all I would want is more cock. I wanted Randy to fuck me within an inch of my life and he did not disappoint.
I wasn't the first girl he'd entertained in this room and now it was my turn. He locked the door.
Evan quickly found a chair as Randy backed me up against the wall, opened the sash on my dress and pulled it off my shoulders onto the floor. "Oh shit, Chrissy," he said, overwhelmed by how I'd dressed for him, "you look amazing."
He kissed me on the lips, our tongues meeting briefly, and then slid down my neck. He stepped back and took it all in, his hard-on fighting to get out.
"I take it you like what you see?"
He ran his fingers over my bare pussy and I stiffened with the anticipation of what was coming. Over his shoulder I saw Evan with his dick in hand, stroking it like he was watching porn. Randy was stripping me slowly like he didn't want to miss anything.
He stepped back for a second and hastily removed his shirt, shoes and pants, leaving only the bulge in his underwear. I instinctively reached for it and jerked him.
He reached around and skillfully undid the clasp on my bra. My natural 34C's were taut and ready. Every frat boy in college knew the key to starting me up was my nipples. Randy took hold and twisted my nipples so hard I gasped and teared up. I was sooo turned on!
"Whose bitch are you, Chrissy?"
"I'm yours, Randy...fuck your bitch."
"Good girl, that's what I want to hear."
My wet cunt was open for business. Randy pushed me back on the bed and went about lunching on my sweet spot. Immediately I came and my body shuddered. "Ya, baby? Does my little slut likes that?"
"Oh god, yes! Please eat me more."
"Beg me, bitch."
"Please, please eat me. I'll do anything!"
"Yes you will, darlin', yes you will."
He went back down and in seconds my body spasmed as I came again. This time he wrapped his hand around my throat and slapped my pussy repeatedly until I cried out. I was so out of my mind I couldn't think.
As I sat up in bed he dropped his briefs and his cock popped out like a jack in the box. From his moaning I think he was happy to have my lips around his cock, I got very aggressive and tried to swallow him whole but it was big enough to stop me just short.
Randy took my head in his hands and face fucked me. This seemed to go on forever, "urgha, guccck, aggggh,.." the saliva pouring out when he'd give me a breath.
When he'd finally had enough he stood me up, went to the wall hooks, cinched a dog collar with leash around my neck and grabbed a riding crop. He put me on all fours, ass up to him. Then he cracked the whip across my buttock.
I let loose a high yelp each time he laid the whip across my rear. Then, without notice, he yanked the collar back to him and simultaneously penetrated my pussy with his shaft. It all felt incredibly wrong and right at the same time.
His cock pounded me. I needed it, I wanted it, I craved it. As the orgasm rolled through my body I heard Evan say, "Holy shit!" I'd forgotten he was in the room.
Randy, once again, laid the whip to my already bright red buttocks. The whip and his thrusting rod made a cocktail I couldn't get enough of.
"Fuck me, goddamit!!! Punish me!!!"
"Randy!? Are you in there?" Proceeded the knocking on the door. "Randy?"
"Get your dress back on," he said in a hurried low voice, "and follow my lead." He barely got his zipper up.
As if we were in mid conversation he opened the door, "so it would be about fifteen hundred to do all of that...oh, hi honey, this is Evan and Chrissy, this is my wife, Joanne. So I'll wait to hear from you."
"We'll be in contact," said Evan, the thespian in training.
Once in the car, "Hooollllyyyy shit, Chrissy."
"Oh my god," I exhaled with relief.
We both started laughing that nervous variety that must follow all near misses.
"Chrissy, I have to say that, and don't take this the wrong way but, there were times I didn't recognize you in there. You were a beast."
"And you were playing with yourself watching the beast."
"Touché"
***
At some risk I texted Randy about the aborted mission. I felt somewhat guilty about texting him and not telling Evan but I did it anyway. At the park he had given me a 'safe' texting number I stashed away never expecting to use it. But we had fucked twice now and I liked it...a lot.
'Randy, it's Chrissy. Sorry we got cut short. I wanted your cum.'
'Loved fucking you. We have something to finish.'
'We'll plan it for another day. Evan and I would love to see you again.'
I thought the conversation would end right there but he added, 'Could I take you dogging? Love to show you off to the perverts.'
'With you, me and Evan?'
'No'
There was no mistaking what he was suggesting. I should have said no and ended it but I wrote, 'I'll think about it.'
I needed to process with someone I could trust not to judge me. I felt out of control, a byproduct of my submissive side. I had an overwhelming desire to say yes, of course, use me, abuse me...but I was married.
I called Janey and hoped she would understand. After I told her everything she took a long, thoughtful pause.
"Okay, here's my two cents. I want you to take me dogging. Randy wants to take you dogging. Evan likes to take you dogging. You like fucking Randy. Evan likes watching you fuck Randy. You like fucking everybody in the park. I like fucking everybody in the park. I'd like to suck Randy's dick."
"Janey..."
"Okay, okay, I'm getting to my summation. So I think that Randy should take both of us dogging and our husbands should go to the hockey game. They've got tickets for Thursday night."
"That's it?"
"That's it!"
I found it an insanely arousing idea except for the lying part.
"I don't think I can do something like that without Evan's permission and I'm pretty sure he won't go for it. I mean, would Dave let you go? I don't think he would."
"Alright, that might be true but remember we've already gone dogging without them and they seemed fine. Girls night out! Woohoo...wait, I've got it! We don't go to the park WITH Randy, we pick him up at the park. Technically, he could have been there anyway."
A smile came to my face as I realized she was right. The only slight fib would be that we planned to have Randy 'show' us off to the doggers and that was a fib I could live with.
I texted Randy.
'Here's the proposition: we go dogging Thursday night, you take me plus Janey, my girlfriend you saw the other night. To get around the part where you take us there (having to tell our husbands), we meet you at the park and you slide in on the driver's side and we have some fun. What do you think?'
'I think I'm getting hard just thinking about fucking you two beauties. We'll have the doggers jerking it like crazy.'
I don't know why I asked other than being a little lost in my erotic world but, 'Where are you?'
'Upstairs bathroom. And you?'
'Same. Door locked.'
'Touch yourself.'
'I'm very wet. Are you holding your cock?'
'Yes'
'Are you hard?'
'Very'
'I'm a bad girl.'
'I like bad girls.'
You want to fuck me don't you?'
'I want to fuck your wet pussy.'
'I'm a horny, nasty cum slut who deserves to be fucked.'
'I'm fucking you now, slut...and leaving my cum on you."
'Yes, cum on my face.'
There was a pause while our imaginations ran wild and then...
I came big time. I'd never sexted before. Probably because there was never a suitable partner. I thought it was something that singles did and there was no opportunity. It was fun but again I had that gnawing guilt after the fact.
As long as I relegated it to nothing other than just sex it felt alright, like an interactive dildo. I was surely not in love with Randy nor he with me. Sex. Just sex. No more.
'Came like a racehorse, baby. Can't wait to show you off Thursday.'
Besides, Evan encouraged me to fuck other men, didn't he?
***
Evan and I went out for dinner Wednesday night and, as had become the norm, he spent an inordinate amount of time scouting guys he was sure wanted to do me.
Compulsively, I'd look over at the supposed admirer and often our eyes would meet. It got so I wondered if, indeed, men were lusting after me far more often than I thought. It felt like Evan had put a sign on my back: 'Available for good fuck'.
"Check out the guy two tables over sitting with the blonde. He looks away every time we make eye contact but he has been checking you out since we came in the door."
"Evan, just because men look at me doesn't mean they want to bed me."
"Chrissy, it's how they look at you. I'm a guy, I know what to look for."
I dutifully looked over and caught his eye and, I had to admit, he gave me the leading half smile I'd seen before from men. Was Evan a human sex radar detector?
"You know, you'd have me fucking half the city."
He grinned, "Ya, wouldn't that be something!"
I kept wondering, who is this person I married? Then I laughed to myself, he must be thinking the same thing.
When we got home I mentioned that since our husbands were going to the game, Janey and I were going to have a girl's night out.
"Dogging?" he asked immediately.
"Yup," I answered right away.
All he said was, "Be careful."
It crossed my mind, Evan was either the most secure or the dumbest husband in the world.
***
Janey and I got to the park just after dusk at the location Randy described. We were to meet him there, leave our car, and go to the dogging area in his truck.
He arrived about ten minutes later but that gave us to primp and be at our slutty best. We decided to go with a tandem look based on the classic porn fan favorite, made immortal in an old music video:
White, short sleeved blouse, tied at the midriff, short plaid pleated skirt, white socks and tennis shoes and pig tails. For our purposes, there was no point in wearing bras or panties.
I thought Randy was going to have a coronary when we climbed into his truck. He was practically drooling over his good fortune.
"I don't know what to say...wow."
The truck was perfect for dogging with its oversized cab, most of the room in the back that gave doggers the chance to view us from the side windows but also they could climb up in the truck bed and watch through the large rear window.
Randy pulled into his favorite spot, where we'd get plenty of attention.
"You have a favorite spot?" I teased him, "Just how many girls have you taken here?
"I've taken a few and met a few."
"And your wife doesn't know about this?"
"I'm in a bowling league with three other guys and none of us bowls. We have other extra curricular interests. You'll probably meet a couple of them out here."
We all got out of the truck as directed. Randy opened the rear door, first Janey, then Randy, and finally me. "I like being in the middle of pussy," he said. There was an unusually large amount of leg room. Randy cracked the windows 3 inches so we could hear them.
"Well, girls, my cock is about to break through my pants so what say we get the show rolling?"
Rubbing his bulge already, Janey said, "I'm more than ready."
Randy reached up and flashed the dome light. In minutes at least 4 or 5 voyeurs had surrounded us. Janey wasn't kidding about being more than ready. She pulled open his pants, he slipped them down and she launched into his meaty dick.
With both of us licking his shaft and sucking his balls he was fully erect in record time. "Oh, you girls are awesome. Fucking hell that's good."
We took turns going down on him. Janey, with a mouthful of cock made some unintelligible sounds. "What did you say?" I asked her.
Popping his knob out of her mouth, "I love this guy's fucking cock!"
"You should try mine, baby," came a voice from the window.
Janey looked up at him, "Maybe, if you're lucky."
When I went back down on Randy I tried going deep throat again but was short until Janey pushed my head down the last inch. I came up coughing and spitting but mission accomplished.
"I want to fuck you nasty bitches so bad."
Janey climbed onto his pole and twerked her way to his heart. I leaned in to kiss her but pulled away. From a couple guys came, "Kiss her, kiss her..."
"C'mon, Chrissy, plant one on me," she said bobbing up and down.
I leaned in and stuck my tongue down her throat. The doggers smacked the windows and cheered and jerked themselves.
"Can I have a ride, Janey, you selfish little whore?" I cracked.
"Of course, Miss Pissy...as long as you kiss me again." As I mounted Randy she laid a juicy one on me.
Janey leaned back against her window, "God, my pussy's on fire." She reached back and lowered the window all the way. "I need to do this."
Hands reached in, groping her tits while she played with herself. One hand reached down and took over the job for her. They were like pleasure tentacles from invisible men feasting off of her exquisite body. They touched her with one hand and jerked themselves with the other. It was a welcome violation of the public norm and soon it would be more than that.
Janey moaned while I rode Randy's delicious bone. From my window came, "I wanna eat your pussy." It sent shivers up my spine because, yes, I wanted the anonymous man to eat me. I had let the submissive loose and it was hungry. You want to fuck me? I'm yours.
Evan once called me his 'closet submissive' but he didn't realize I was a voracious submissive. He was playing with fire. I loved that he enjoyed it but hoped it wouldn't overwhelm him.
And Janey...oh my, Janey! Sisters in sin! I was bouncing on Randy, she was getting felt up and I was getting fucked and a good time was had by all!
Manipulating her clit, Janey came screaming. She looked like she'd been hooked up to electrodes. "Ah fuck!!!" Faceless fingers asked if he could fuck her.
That was when Randy shot his load into my cunt. I felt his cock expand and release. "Why don't you girls go outside and take some cock? I'll watch and recharge."
With cum running down my thigh I opened the door and the doggers ripped off my blouse and had me pinned against the truck. My 'date' had my skirt flipped up and his cock halfway in me before I could say hello. It was crude but I loved the way he took me.
"Uhn, Uhn, Uhn" he banged my cunt and held onto my pigtails and slammed his balls against my clit. "Take it bitch," he kept repeating. "You love it don't you?"
I did and I came all over his cock. After he was finished he put a cum trail across my ass and the next boyfriend stepped up to use me and leave his cum calling card down my rear.
I heard Janey from the other side of the truck doing the same. I looked up in the truck window and saw Randy transformed from exhibitionist to voyeur as he encouraged the doggers to fuck us ever harder.
"This is the best pussy you're ever going to have, boys, so take what you want.
As the next dogger stepped up to use me, his hands cupped my tits and it felt familiar. Glancing back over my shoulder it was my black lover from before. I'd hoped against hope that I'd take his cock again and here he was.
He pulled me away from the truck, kissed the back of my neck, caressed my shoulders and told me to hold on to a tree. He urgently fucked me like the others but it was his touch, the way his big hands held onto my hips that brought me to instant orgasm. There was no discussion, he simply deposited his considerable load of cum in my pussy.
"I hope I see you again," was all he said, and got in his car and left.
***
Janey and I got home later than we'd expected and Evan greeted me at the door like she and I had attended a bridal shower. "So, did you have fun?"