A New Con Adventure -- At The Bar
It turns out being at a convention far from home is one of the best aphrodisiacs a guy could ask for. Away from folks back home, almost no chance of being recognized and the allure of all the "normal" places one would visit. Like the bar.
Tom was sitting at one of the tables just off to the edge of the bar area. It was an odd set up, there was the bar, then a ring of bar height tables with stools and then a ring of normal height tables just beyond that. The high table Tom was at was just at the border between the high tables and the ring of regular height tables. Beyond two rows of these lower tables there was a large glass wall looking out onto the moonlit pool area. Tom was staring out at the outdoor / indoor pool when somebody walked up behind him.
"Hello stranger..." she whispered in Tom's ear while placing her hands over his eyes.
He closed his eyes and breathed in her subtle perfume. It was sugary and sweet, just the way he liked it. "Hello Kat."
"You always know it's me." She walked around in front of Tom with a big pretend pout on her face, "It's not fair."
"Someday I might be wrong, but I love your perfumes," Tom's eyes wandered down her long shapely body, "and I love your outfit too." She was wearing strappy sandals, a loose, flowing skirt made of slightly clingy material and a matching top with a deeply scooping neck. As she moved Tom could see the barest hint of a panty line beneath her skirt and both a tank top and bra beneath the scoop neck top. The tank top was easy to see given the nature of the top. The scoop was dramatic and reached almost to where her belly button would be if it were in view.
They sat there chatting and having a couple of drinks as they talked about the day and the different break out sessions they'd attended. It was one of their favorite conventions with plenty of great things during the day and a party atmosphere each night.
"What's on tap for tonight?" Tom asked.
"Not sure. My mood has been a little off today." Kat took another sip from her drink. If hers were anything like Tom's they'd be hitting home soon. The barkeep wasn't skimping.
"I bet if we had another of our little adventures your mood would brighten up. You did seem to enjoy the last one." Tom looked at her over the rim of his glass. "We could start right now."
Kat gave a lopsided grin, "What makes you think I enjoyed the last one? And what do you mean 'start right now'? We're in the middle of the bar."
Tom gave her a half grin in return, "I think your wet fingers made me think you liked the last adventure. And yes, we can start right now if you're interested."
"How can we start now? This place is really crowded."
"Yes, it is crowded but I suspect that will be part of what makes this adventure really special." I leaned in close and whispered in her ear, "You know the old school girl trick with the bra? I think you can get that bra off and into my pocket right here and nobody will see anything. That's just the starting point. Interested?"
Kat leaned forward in her chair sliding her hands behind her very briefly. She then crossed her arms for the benefit of anyone watching, but up close Tom could see her fingers shifting the straps of her bra off her shoulders. Within moments she slipped her bra out the sleeve closest to Tom and tucked it neatly into his cargo pocket.
"See, that was easy right?" Tom grinned and lifted his glass to her in salute. She raised one eyebrow at Tom and returned the salute taking another healthy drink.
"I don't see how we go further here. It's not like we've got a corner booth or anything." Kat finished off her drink.
"Take your panties off next." Tom finished his drink off as well. "You've got until I'm done paying the check." Sometimes Kat worked better with more direct prompting.
Her cheeks flushed red and she half whispered back, "I can't do that! These stools are at head height for anyone sitting at those tables!"
"I know, that's what makes it interesting." Tom watched as the emotions swept across her face. Her eyes darted around the bar. Tom was feeling confident, but also feeling very constricted in his pants. He needed to adjust so he shifted and tugged at his pants to allow for his rapidly growing erection. Kat was very, very sexy. Watching her get worked up was hot. Just as Tom finished his adjustment she grinned. Grabbing the outside of her skirt she moved as if she was adjusting herself as well. She raised herself up off her seat just a bit and then wiggled her butt as she settled back down again. Tom had given her half the answer. She then proceeded with a series of similar moves to slide her panties down around her knees, just about where her flowy, clingy skirt stopped. The waiter stopped briefly then walked away with the check. Tom looked back at Kat. With one last glance around the bar she reached under the table and pulled her panties the rest of the way down and off her feet. Sitting back up she handed them to Tom.
"I so love that you did that." Tom tucked the panties into the pocket opposite the bra. "How's your mood now?"
Kat blushed again and said, "A little tipsy, but definitely feeling like there should be more tonight."
"Well then, let's walk shall we?" They strolled out of the bar, into the main hotel lobby and along the quiet, carpeted hall toward the pool area. Just beyond the pool area the hall dog legged to the right. Around the first corner out of sight from the bar Kat stopped and leaned against the wall. She slid one hand up under her top and was playing with her nipples. She leaned back and closed her eyes.
"Take the tank top off too." Tom told her. "It's clearly in your way."
"Here? We're in the middle of the hallway."
Tom popped his head back around the corner. He could see all the way across the lobby past the bar to some of the convention rooms on the other side. Not a soul in sight. "If you hurry you can make it work right now." It wasn't fair, but Tom wanted to see her tits. She has great tits. Tom loved that her nipples pointed up the way they did. Little pink circles of bliss. Kat got a bit of a glassy eyed look and tried to pull her tank top out. She couldn't make it work the way the bra did. She had gotten the scoop neck and the tank top tangled together.
"You'll just have to take them both off to fix that issue." Tom told her.
"Fine." With that she swept her arms up over her head and was naked from the waist up right there in the middle of the corridor. She deftly pulled the two tops apart and Tom put his hands out .
"I have to have something!" She said.
"Well, you keep the scoop and I'll keep the tank top." Tom left his hand out. She dropped the tank top over his palm and pulled the scoop back over her head. It hung indecently low. If she moved enough to get any kind of sway out of her beautiful C cups they'd pop right out into view. They were almost in view without any help at all. Tom hadn't realized how far up under each arm the scoop top had been cut. It was a couple inches of fabric away from being an overblown scarf.
"My heart is racing," Kat shuddered. "We were walking?" She moved toward an off the beaten path stairwell. This stair had served them well in the past. The stairs were all carpeted and quiet. The handrails were just thick enough to balance your ass on for a short time. This particular stair had the added bonus of an extra level where the entrance to the management offices were stashed. There was no security camera there, nor was there a big chance of anyone wandering down that way since office hours were long since done. It was however still a shortcut anyone familiar with the hotel would use to move from one section of the convention to the other. Tom intended to use the odd layout to their advantage.
"I'm glad to hear I at least got your heart moving a little. We just need to work on the rest of the mood, yes?" Tom stopped her on the landing near the office. "Show me how easy it is for the dress to move."
Kat pulled her skirt up just enough for her ass cheeks to peek out. She wiggled as she walked down to the level where the offices were.
"More..." Tom prompted her.
"More what?" She asked and danced around a corner just out of view from anyone starting down the stairs.
"I want... No, I need to see more of you." Tom's erection was straining at the front of his pants. "I need to see you."
Kat gave Tom a delicious grin and dropped the hem of her skirt. Just as Tom was about to protest she grabbed the elastic waistband and pushed it down over her hips. She let the skirt drop to the floor and stepped out of it. Tom almost came right then.
"Making me take my panties off in the bar really turned me on." She started rubbing herself in little circles, sliding her hands up and down her body. Both of her breasts had slid out from behind the flimsy scoop. She slid one hand behind her onto her ass and the other covered the neat little landing strip she had over her pussy. "I am so wet right now." She slid two fingers into herself as she leaned her back against the wall.
Tom was entranced. He just stood and stared at her. Her eyes were closed. She was working her fingers in and out of herself. She slid her other hand up off her ass around to her nipples. She was tweaking one and then sliding across to the other. Tom could hear how wet she was as her fingers increased their pace. She started to moan and arched her back. She shuddered and slowed her frantic rubbing.
"That was a good start." She pushed herself up off the wall. Just as she started to walk toward Tom they heard voices on the floor above. The voices sounded like they were headed their way. Kat moved with a speed Tom didn't believe humanly possible and had her skirt back up and over her gorgeous hips in record time. She grabbed Tom's arm, turned and said, "walk with me," as she headed further down the stairs. Tom realized she had turned further down the stairs because she hadn't had time to tuck her breasts back into her scoop and her nipples were still exposed. They were sticking out more than he had ever seen them. She made a half hearted effort to cover them as the voices from above faded away.
"My heart is racing. I thought for sure we were busted back there." She said as we rounded the corner to head another level down the stairs.
"You set a new speed record getting that skirt back on" Tom grinned. "Your nipples look harder than I have ever seen them."
"I am more turned on than I've ever been. I was serious, I had a big orgasm back there against the wall, but now it's my turn to need. I NEED to cum again. Soon."
"Why should we wait?" Tom asked. "It turned out nobody was actually using the stairs, we could go back to the weird in between level of the stairs and continue."
"No," she replied. "I think I found a place earlier today. Let's go outside."
Tom was happy to be outside. The weather at the end of May was warm enough to allow them to be outside but not so hot that they wouldn't want to stay outside. Tom wasn't sure where they were headed, but he was in.
"Where are you going?" Tom was the one that hesitated this time. They were headed for the main hotel entrance. It was always lit like it was the middle of the day and there was a constant flow of people in and around the area.
"I've found a wonderful spot." Kat's strappy sandals slapped on the concrete as she left the stairwell, crossed the sidewalk, crossed the main entry drive and headed for the topiary in the middle of the roundabout at the main door. Tom had always seen it walking in, but never given it a second thought. A reasonably large patch of grass grew around the sign with the hotel's name, a flag pole and a bunch of decorative shrubs finished the look. As she led Tom across the drive he realized there was a brick path between the taller shrubs to where the flagpole base was. Just past the first row of shrubs the path split left and right and moved along around the edges of the circle. There was another hedge just past the entry to this area, giving the illusion of a solid wall of shrub.
"Here, there's a bench". Kat stopped a handful of feet from the entry from the main drive. They were in shadow, easily within speaking distance of the main entry but kept from sight by the neat hedge.
"This is so close to the door." Tom was staring at Kat as she leaned back on the bench putting one leg up on the seat beside her.
"I know, it's delicious isn't it?" she had slid her breasts free of the scoop top again and was running her hands up and down her front over her nipples. Tweaking, twisting and pulling Kat leaned her head back and sucked in a breath.
Tom moved to the end of the bench across from her and sat down. From the seated position he could hear the main front door but not see it directly. He could see the back of the hotel sign, but not the main driveway. The only real light was the glow from the sign lights that were facing the road.
"This is an amazing spot." Tom turned back to face her. "I think we can..." Just as he said that he heard a swishing noise and a pair of voices in animated conversation floated across the hidden bench area. Tom froze, staring through the branches into the well lit canopy area across the drive. He could see the two men as they walked and gestured. They faded into the distance and Tom heard a low, rumbling moan beside him. When he looked back, Kat had both legs up on the bench spread wide apart, the skirt a slender bunch at her waist covering nothing.
"Oh, please, oh, please, oh...." She bit her bottom lip as her hand rubbed her clit furiously and she moaned again squeezing her knees back together in a sudden rush. She opened her eyes and looked at Tom. "I need more. Why are your pants still on?"
Tom felt the zing of adrenaline, shocked by her forcefulness. He leaned back a little and started to unbuckle his belt. Kat had rolled forward and now had one hand on his thigh and one hand tugging at his zipper. It was wonderful to have his cock spring out into the night air. He was rock hard. A dribble of precome was sliding down his shaft. Kat didn't even look up before she wrapped her lips around Tom's cock and started bobbing her head up and down.
The lobby doors slid open again. Tom glanced back through the hedge and watched a woman wander off toward the parking lot staring intently at her phone. A sudden cool breeze forced his attention back to his crotch. Kat had stopped licking and turned around moving her ass back toward him. She spread her legs apart and dropped immediately down onto his raging erection. She was dripping wet and started to swivel. Tom was so close to coming he had to grab her hips and stop her from moving.
"Wait" he breathed into her ear. "Wait, please." His dick throbbed inside her. She clenched herself tight around his shaft. "If you move I'm going to cum so hard."
Kat started to slide forward ever so slightly and the door to the lobby slid open again. Both their heads turned to spy an attractive red headed lady walking out for a smoke. Kat pushed back against Tom with force. That short thrust into her incredible wetness was all it took. Tom came right then, as hard as he had ever come before. She arched her back and leaned her head back so hard she just missed smacking his nose. She shuddered and leaned forward again, letting Tom slide out of her. Even in the low light Tom could see the wet mess they both were. His pants hadn't gotten far enough out of the way and were very wet.
They had forgotten about the red head who'd come out to smoke. She hadn't turned toward the standard smoking area. She was standing on the brick sidewalk, cigarette casually in one hand blowing smoke up into the night.
"Wow, that looked amazing."
They were caught... but it didn't seem like trouble. Maybe this could work out?
End ~ for now