Mark
It was a Saturday night, and my wife Heather and I were attending a fundraiser at the rec center where my girlfriend Sam worked and taught swim lessons for my kids.
I knew it was reckless, but the thrill of sneaking around with Sam was irresistible. And beyond that, she made me feel so desired, which I rarely felt at home.
As soon as Heather and I stepped inside, I looked around for Sam. I quickly spotted her at the smoothie counter that had been converted to a bar for the event. My eyes trailed down her body from the low-cut top of her dress, showing off her ample cleavage, to the tight fabric clinging to her round ass, and the short hem, which stopped about midway down her thighs.
Then my attention caught on a hand sliding around her waist.
I recognized the guy next to Sam as her neighbor, Chris. It didn't surprise me to see him there with her. Sam and I had talked about it before she'd invited him. We both wanted an opportunity for me to watch her with him and thought the fundraiser event could be the perfect cover.
But as I watched Sam turn to look at Chris, smiling and laughing at something he said into her ear, I could barely suppress my jealousy.
I kept stealing glances at Sam, waiting for her to notice me as Heather and I made our way over to the bar. But when I saw Chris' hand inching closer to Sam's ass, I lost my patience and snuck in a quick text.
Mark: You look great tonight
I watched as she got my message and then looked up, scanning the room for me. Our eyes met from only about ten feet away, and she smiled. It was a warm, full smile that made her eyes light up and caused a tightening in my chest and in my pants.
Sam: Thanks :)
Sam: So do you
Suddenly, my mind flooded with memories of all the places around the building where Sam and I had snuck off together over the past couple of months. The elevator bay on the top floor when she was pretending to give me a tour of the building after our first swim lesson. The lifeguard office by the pool after her night shifts when I'd come in to meet her, having told Heather I was coming to work out. The guard chair, where she'd cum for me as we were sexting during her shift.
Even though the plan was for me to watch Sam with Chris that night, it was tempting to sneak off with her myself.
"Isn't that our swim instructor?" Heather asked, breaking me out of my thoughts.
"Yeah, I think so," I answered, clearing my throat.
"She cleans up well without the swimsuit," Heather said, smiling at me knowingly.
"Yeah, she looks good out of her suit," I joked back, deciding it was probably safer to own up to being caught staring rather than denying the obvious.
Then I looked back just in time to see Chris leaning in for a kiss, and grabbing Sam's ass firmly.
"Stop staring!" Heather scolded, swatting my arm. "You're going to make her uncomfortable at our next swim lesson if she notices."
It was nearly impossible to look away, but somehow I managed it, and tried to play it off by teasing Heather.
"Then you need to stop checking out the guy she's with," I smirked.
Heather rolled her eyes, but I noticed a telling flush creeping into her cheeks.
Another couple we'd met at swim lessons came up to us then, and Heather got busy talking with the other mom while I chatted with her husband.
The bulge in my pants grew as I continued peeking at Sam. She and Chris had their hands all over each other, touching and occasionally kissing, then breaking off to chat with other friends, hands lingering. I knew she was putting on a bit of a show for me. If her goal was to drive me crazy, she was succeeding. Regardless of what our plans were, I was already at the end of my rope with the teasing.
So I texted her again.
Mark: Locker rooms, now
I sent the text and watched, waiting for her to check it.
Sure enough, Sam pulled back from another kiss with Chris, surely knowing it was me texting her. I watched her lips curve into a big smile as she read my message. Then she looked up and our eyes met again.
I waited and did my best not to stare as she excused herself from her group. It looked like Chris was getting ready to follow her, but she stopped him with a hand on his chest, whispering something into his ear.
I didn't care what she told him as long as the message was clear that she was mine, and he was only there with her because I'd allowed it.
"I'll be right back, going to the bathroom," I said to Heather and the others, as soon as Sam rounded the corner towards the locker rooms.
Heather waved me off without pausing her conversation, so I figured I was in the clear.
I spotted Sam turning down the hallway that led to the pool and the family locker room. The space was normally packed with parents and toddlers during swim lessons, but during the adults-only event that night, it was completely empty. Another spot to add to my memory reel.
Sam smiled as she saw me coming.
"Hi," she said, licking her lips and then biting the bottom one as I approached.
Rather than responding, as soon as I reached her, I pulled her around a corner where we'd hear in advance if anyone was coming. Then I pushed her up against the wall and kissed her, immediately deeply.
Sam gasped and moaned into me. Her hands slid from my chest to my sides, and she tugged me closer.
Not wanting to waste any time, and unable to hold out any longer, I quickly reached down to pull Sam's dress up over her ass and hips, letting it bunch up around her waist. I pulled back from the kiss and looked down to see she was wearing the black lace thong that I'd picked out when we were chatting earlier that day.
"Mmm," I moaned, running my fingertips along her slit through the soft fabric. "Good slut, wearing the underwear I picked for you. I love feeling your wetness through the lace."
Sam was breathing hard and moaning as she leaned back against the wall, her chest heaving.
"I love how wet you always get. From the first night I felt your pussy like this," I said, reminiscing about the first time I'd made Sam cum in a storage closet at a bar, while Heather and a couple of our friends were just downstairs.
"You always make me so wet," Sam moaned, grinding on my fingers as I pressed in hard, rubbing circles. "It turned me on so much to see your text. Knowing what you wanted. I love feeling you like this, while your wife is nearby, and anyone could catch us."
I growled and leaned in again, kissing Sam roughly and deeply as I rubbed her pussy.
She moaned into me and sucked on my tongue, combing her fingers into my hair and tugging, grinding on my hand.
Then she reached down between us to take my hand and slide it inside her panties.
"Fuck!" I groaned as my fingers dipped into Sam's wetness. "You're so wet. You like this, don't you? You like me pinning you against the wall and fingering your slutty pussy?"
"Yess!" Sam hissed, squeezing her hand around the throbbing, hard bulge in my pants.
I groaned when I felt her touch, but didn't let up.
"You like being my slut?"
"Yess, I love it!" Sam moaned, her face contorting in pleasure as she kept rubbing me and grinding on my hand.
"Letting me use you whenever I want."
"You make me feel so good! I love the way you use me!"
"Mmm," I moaned, breathing into her neck, kissing and biting her there. "It's been the best few months."
Then I pressed two fingers into her suddenly. She was so wet that they slipped right in, the swollen walls of her pussy offering little resistance.
"Oh, fuck!" Sam yelped, a little too loudly.
I clamped my free hand over her mouth, pinning her head against the wall and smirking as I shushed her. "I'm gonna make you cum. I want to feel your pussy squeezing around my fingers. Then you're gonna suck my cock, just like you did in that storage closet at Slugger's."
She clenched suddenly, her moans muffled by my hand.
I could tell she was close and didn't let up, rubbing my fingers over the upper front wall of her pussy. I kissed her neck and pressed into her, grinding my hard cock into her until she lifted her leg around me, allowing me to push my fingers deeper still.
"Oh god!" Sam moaned into my hand.
"I've been wanting to fuck you all week since we got back from Boston. I couldn't wait to see you tonight. I need to feel your pussy cum," I went on, nibbling on her ear as I spoke into it.
Then I pushed my fingers deeper, curling them up.
Sam whimpered, shivering and clenching around my fingers.
I made a calculated risk and moved my hand from her mouth to grab her hair, pulling her head back as I continued fingering.
"Ohh, fuck!" she groaned, forcing herself to keep it fairly quiet.
"Did you know how much of a slut I was going to make you? Did you ever think a married guy would make you want to get fucked so much?"
"I'm cumming!" Sam moaned before I'd finished my last question.
I felt her body spasming and writhing between me and the wall, her pussy squeezing my fingers.
"Yes, that's a good slut. Cum hard. Show me how much of a slut you are. You're gonna suck my cock next."
"Fuck!"
"You're gonna take it all," I said, forcefully fingering until I felt her relax.
"Yess!" Sam moaned, writhing and grinding on me more languidly as she came down. "I love how much you make me want it. I love how slutty you make me feel, and how slutty you make me want to be."
Then she slid right down against the wall until she was crouching in front of me, looking up as she opened my belt and pants. She pulled my hard cock out, stroking me and bringing her mouth to my tip right away, rolling her tongue around the head before wrapping her lips around me and sucking, moaning.
I hissed in a breath, letting my head roll back briefly before smiling down at her.
"I love how you always want to suck me," I said, thrusting deeper into her mouth. "You've swallowed my cum so many times."
Sam moaned, sucking my cock eagerly right away. She also cupped and squeezed my balls, while the fingers of her other hand wrapped around the base of my cock, stroking.
I grabbed another fistful of her hair as she sucked and slurped on my cock, her tongue rubbing as her lips slid along my shaft.
"Fuck yes!" I groaned, throbbing in her mouth already, holding her head. "You're such a hot slut, Sam. I want to fill your mouth."
She gagged a little as I pushed deeper and the tip of my cock bumped the back of her throat. Then she moaned and rested her head back against the wall, pulling on my hips and looking up at me.
I groaned and took her cue, thrusting harder and deeper down her throat until her head bumped the wall, another moan vibrating around my cock.
"Good girl," I growled, fucking Sam's mouth, sliding in and out, feeling my orgasm building quickly as she gagged and moaned, her eyes watering. "Take my cock."
I closed my eyes and focused on the sensations of Sam's wet mouth, her hands reaching around to squeeze my ass, kneading it.
Then I looked back down at her, kneeling in front of me, letting me fuck her face in the hallway of the gym where she worked, where anyone could walk in at any moment. The thrill from the riskiness of what we were doing brought me closer to the edge.
I reached down further behind her head and held on under her hair, cushioning her from bumping her head on the wall, and pulling her onto me faster and harder.
Sam gagged and moaned on my cock.
Then I noticed she'd slipped a hand down to her clit, and was rubbing fast.
"Cum again while you suck my cock. Then I'm going to fill that slutty mouth."
She moaned and rubbed faster, and I had to slow my thrusting to hold on as she brought herself to another orgasm. I watched her writhing and squirming, heard her moaning, and felt it vibrating around my cock as she came.
"I'm cumming!" I groaned, barely getting the words out before I felt the first spurt shooting into the back of Sam's throat. I grunted and moaned as my cock pulsed and several more jets of cum followed, filling her mouth.
She moaned around me, swallowing eagerly. Then she licked the last drops from my tip and set to work cleaning my cock and balls with her tongue.
"Fuck," I gasped, the sensations sending a jolt through my sensitive nerve endings. "I've been needing that all week."
Sam moaned and smiled up at me as she pulled back, licking and then wiping her lips. "Me, too."
"Think Chris is missing you yet?" I asked, reaching out a hand to help her up.
"He might have figured out where I've run off to," she smiled, standing and readjusting her dress. "I'm sure Heather is looking for you, too."
"She might be," I agreed, closing my pants and straightening up. "I want you to sneak off with Chris next. I want to catch you with him and watch."
"I know. I want that, too. It's going to turn me on so much knowing you're watching."
"Still feeling turned on now?" I guessed, smirking.
"Yes. Throbbing again."
"Needing to feel his big cock filling your wet, slutty pussy."
"Yes," Sam said, the word coming out as a breathy sigh.
"Good. I want you to tell him that when you go back out there."
"Okay," she agreed easily, smiling.
"Bring him down this hall, and I'll go around the other way through the locker room to watch."
"Okay," Sam smiled, wrapping her arms around my waist.
I cupped her face in my hands and kissed her again, deeply. Then I forced myself to pull back before getting carried away once again.
"Is it okay if I head out first and you wait a couple minutes before following?" I asked.
"Sure," Sam nodded, still smiling up at me as I moved away.
***
When I caught back up with the others, a few other couples I recognized from swim lessons had joined them. Heather was talking with the other moms and hardly acknowledged me as I handed her another drink. Luckily, no one had questions about how long I'd been gone.
I joined the semi-circle of swim dads standing around near the bar and found my way into their conversation. But I split my attention to keep an eye out for Sam.
I made eye contact with Chris for an awkward moment. He was apparently checking for her, too, having noticed I'd returned.
By the time she came back around the corner from the locker rooms, she had both of our attention rapt. I watched as she located Chris near the bar, then headed towards him. On her way, she scanned the room until she found me, glancing to ensure Heather wasn't watching before she smiled back.
I struggled to focus on the conversation at hand as I watched Sam and Chris talking, his arm around her again as she leaned in to speak into his ear. My cock stiffened again as I thought about what she must be telling him. What I'd told her to tell him. And of course, in anticipation of what I might see in that hallway.
It was no surprise that Chris led Sam away towards the locker rooms again within just a few moments, abandoning his half-full drink at the bar.
She glanced back at me again as they left the party, another big grin on her face.
I winked back at her and sipped my drink, forcing myself to give it a few minutes before following them.
Just as I was about to excuse myself from the group of dads, I overheard Heather telling the other moms that she was going to the restroom. Then she went toward the locker rooms the same way Sam and Chris had just gone.
Suddenly, a new idea sparked in my mind. I knew it was probably even more stupid and dangerous than anything else I'd done to date, but I couldn't shake the thought of wanting Heather to stumble upon Sam and Chris together, to see what she'd say or do.
So, I followed behind her and waited for her to come out of the women's locker room. She smiled at me curiously when she saw me there.
"You look really great tonight," I told her, honestly.
Despite having had two kids in the past three years, or perhaps because of that, I was even more attracted to my wife than I'd been when I married her.
"How much have you had to drink?" she teased back, blushing a little.
"Enough to think it would be fun to take you back to the pool area and make you cum."
"Mark!" she chided, hitting my arm playfully.
"What? Okay, fine, you can make me cum instead if you insist," I teased.
She laughed, but let me wrap my arms around her waist. I moaned and held her tight against me, pressing my hardening cock into her and kissing her neck.
"What do you say?" I asked.
"I say I'm not sure it's worth the risk of having to find another place to take the kids swimming," she said, pushing back.
I loosened my grip, allowing her to pull away. But I wasn't giving in yet. "C'mon... let's just take a peek in the pool area. Maybe we'll find a private spot. It'll be a fun memory when we're here for lessons next week."
Heather rolled her eyes at me. But she smiled too, letting me know I had a shot.
"Just a peek?" I pleaded. "And maybe you can at least give me a peek at what you're wearing under your dress?"
She laughed and gave in. "Just a peek."
My cock stiffened in my pants as I opened the door that led down the hall towards the pool, anticipating what was about to happen. As soon as the door opened, we heard Sam moaning.
Heather and I looked at each other, and I tried to look as surprised as she was. She covered her mouth to hold in a laugh. I smiled back and turned to let the door close softly behind us, trying not to make a sound.
"We should go!" Heather mouthed, grabbing my arm as I shut the door.
I shook my head.
She blushed, but didn't make a move to push past me to the door. I already knew my wife had a little voyeuristic streak that came out from time to time.
"I know you want to peek," I whispered into her ear.
Heather shivered as she felt my breath on her neck.
Then I pulled back and just looked at her, watching her reactions.
Finally, she turned and crept down the hall.
I smirked and followed, listening intently to the moans Sam wasn't able to suppress, eager to see what Chris was doing to her.
At the end of the hallway, Heather slowly leaned forward to peek around the corner first.
I couldn't wait any longer to peek too and stepped around her to look.
Chris had Sam bent over slightly, her front pressed up against the wall, and her dress hiked up around her waist once again. They were facing away from us, towards the other end of the hall where I'd told Sam I would be. But I could hear Sam's wetness as Chris fingered her. They both moaned softly, whispering dirty things to one another.
"That feels so good!" Sam said. She had a loud whisper. That or she knew I might be listening in and wanted to make sure I could hear.
"You're so fucking wet!" Chris said. "I'm going to fuck you so hard, Sam!"
"Yess! I need it! I need to feel your big cock stretching me!"
I felt a pit of jealousy in my stomach when I heard her comment on Chris' size, and I was instantly hard as a rock. It took all of my effort to look away, turning back to Heather to see her reaction.
She seemed lost in the moment too, just watching.
But then she regained herself suddenly, looking away.
"Let's go," she mouthed, gesturing back down the hall with a nod.
I just shook my head again and held my arm around her waist to keep her from moving away.
Heather blushed and smiled.
Before she could respond, I slid my hand up her dress and felt how wet she was.
She arched back against my chest as soon as my fingertips brushed over her panties.
"Keep watching them," I whispered into her ear, pressing my fingers in harder, rubbing along her slit.
Heather gripped my arm, her nails digging into my skin as I touched her. But she didn't stop me.
So I kept going, kissing her neck and grinding my hard cock against her ass as I rubbed circles around her clit through her panties.
Then Chris groaned and pushed down on Sam's back, bending her over further until she had to brace herself with her hands against the wall.
I thought about how many times Chris had fucked Sam like this. How she couldn't resist his cock, sneaking around with him behind my back. And now I was finally going to watch her with him. I wanted to see if he'd follow through with fucking her hard, and couldn't wait to see and hear her reactions.
As I watched and listened, it was a struggle to focus enough to keep my fingers moving over Heather's clit.
Chris pulled his cock out of his pants and stroked a few times before pressing himself between Sam's wet lips.
From my vantage point, I could see the tip of Chris' cock, and how far back he was from Sam as his head met her lips, showing his size. I could tell Heather noticed too because she squeezed my arm suddenly, her nails digging into my skin. Her pussy clenched on my fingers at the same time and my cock throbbed in response, knowing she must've liked what she saw.
Then Sam gasped as Chris pushed into her with a sudden, hard thrust.
"Fuck!" she cursed, her back arching. She pushed back on him and reached down to rub her clit as he fucked her. "Oh my god, your cock feels so good. So fucking big!"
Chris' ass moved back and forth fast as he picked up his pace, not giving her much of a chance to get used to his size. He held her hips, and there was a loud, wet, slapping sound as he pumped into her steadily, pounding my slut's pussy until she was practically yelling out with pleasure.
Sam came fast and hard. Much faster than she ever had with me.
"Fuck, your pussy feels so good clenching around me like that!" Chris said. "You're gonna make me cum so fucking fast."
The jealousy and arousal I felt was intense, as I watched and heard Sam cumming on her neighbor's cock, and anticipated seeing him fill her with cum.
"You're loving this, aren't you?" I asked Heather, struggling to focus on making her cum.
Heather didn't respond, but she didn't need to. I could feel her wetness on my fingers, and the way she'd started grinding on my hand.
"Are you thinking about him fucking you with that big cock?" I whispered into her ear.
She shook her head no fervently, even as she pressed my hand into her more firmly.
I chuckled a little, and Heather squeezed my arm to shush me.
I think Sam must've heard me. She arched her back a little more as Chris kept fucking her. And it looked like she started to turn around to look our way. But at the last second, she stopped herself. Or she got distracted again as Chris fucked her harder and faster still. She kept moaning and rubbing her clit fast. I knew she was close to cumming again.
"Fuuuck, that feels so good!" Sam yelled, no longer bothering to try being quiet.
I pressed myself hard into Heather, grinding on her and flicking her clit. I could feel how close she was, too.
"Get on your knees!" Chris ordered, suddenly pulling back and squeezing his cock in his fist.
Sam turned right away and knelt down obediently, breathing hard as she smiled up at Chris, opening her mouth, sticking her tongue out.
Heather pushed back against me as soon as Sam turned, forcing us back around the corner. Then she pushed my hand away and fixed her dress before grabbing my arm.
"Let's go!" she mouthed again. I could tell from her expression that this time she was serious.
Around the corner, Chris groaned and grunted, and I knew he was shooting into Sam's mouth.
I couldn't resist one more peek. Sam's mouth was full of Chris' cum, and there was so much that some of it had dripped down her chin.
She looked over and smiled when she saw me, moaning and swallowing, then wiping up the drips and licking them from her fingers.
I smiled back.
Then Heather gave my arm another hard pull, and I let her lead me back down the hallway.
"Why'd you stop me? You were about to cum on my hand," I teased, once the door shut behind us and we were immersed in the music and chatter.
"You're the one who laughed and blew our cover!" she teased back, laughing.
"I was laughing at your obvious lie," I said, smirking, as we headed towards the bar for another round of drinks. "You can admit how much you liked his cock. I won't be offended."
Heather rolled her eyes, blushing. "Like you weren't staring at her ass."
I risked a shrug. "I never said I wasn't."
She gave me a look that seemed somewhere in between curious and insecure. "Guess we know how eager you'll be to handle swim lessons from now on."
I went along with it, not wanting to seem like I had anything to hide. "Maybe. What about you? You seemed to enjoy watching. Your nipples are still hard."
Heather glanced down and blushed as we waited for the bartender's attention. She crossed her arms over her chest and looked around to make sure no one else had heard me. "Well, she hasn't brought her boyfriend to work yet. I'd remember if she had."
My cock twitched again as Heather basically admitted that she found Chris attractive. But I didn't enjoy hearing her refer to him as Sam's boyfriend. I resisted the urge to correct her, knowing I wasn't supposed to know one way or the other. But I couldn't resist saying something.
"Maybe she's just a slutty college girl hooking up with a random guy."
"Maybe," Heather said.
We ordered our drinks, and she seemed ready to let it go as we rejoined the other parents.
***
I didn't risk sneaking off to talk to Sam again that night, and tried not to even get caught looking. When the night was winding down, Heather went to use the restroom once more before we left. I took advantage of the opportunity to text Sam.
Mark: That was really hot earlier :)
Mark: We're heading out
Mark: I probably shouldn't stay up tonight, but I'll call you in the morning
Mark: No sleepovers with Chris ;-*
I watched Sam from across the room as she received my texts. She smiled and typed out a response right away.
Sam: Okay :)
Sam: Have a good night
Sam: Can't wait to talk tomorrow
Mark: Goodnight, my slut :-*
After I hit send on that last message, I clicked my phone off and put it in my pocket just as Heather came back around the corner from the locker rooms. I risked one last smile at Sam as we said goodbye to the others and left the gym.
***
In bed that night, I tried to push things further with Heather.
"What were you thinking about before, while we were watching them?" I asked, scooting up behind her to spoon, pressing my cock against her ass again.
"I don't know," she shrugged. "It turned me on just to watch, I guess."
"Mmm," I moaned. "Did you imagine him fucking you like that?"
"I didn't think about it like that," Heather said, squirming a little in my arms, reacting to my touch.
"Do you ever feel like that's something you missed out on? Hooking up with more guys when you were young, before we got together?"
"Not particularly. You know I wasn't like that."
"I know," I answered, kissing her shoulder, making my way down to her neck. "What about now?"
"What about now?" she asked, chuckling and running her fingers up my arm as I touched her.
"Do you ever think about wanting something like that now?"
Heather tensed a little when I asked the question, and it took her a moment to respond. "I would never cheat on you, if that's what you mean."
"I know," I said gently, not wanting the conversation to take an uncomfortable turn. "But there's nothing wrong with fantasizing, right?"
"I suppose," she agreed, a little hesitantly.
I spent some time kissing her neck and caressing her hips and ass tenderly until she started moaning and squirming in my arms, grinding her ass against my cock.
Then I took another risk, and said, "I'd be open to making something like that happen."
Heather turned onto her back until she could look me in the eye, incredulous.
I smirked and shrugged. "I'm just saying, I think it would be really hot to watch you getting fucked by another guy. Maybe a younger guy. With a big cock."
"You're crazy," she laughed.
I didn't say anything else, just watched her expression as she thought about it. For a minute, it seemed like she might be imagining it. But before my hopes could get too high, she shook her head resolutely.
"That would be too complicated," she said. "Plus, you know I struggle with gag reflex."
I chuckled and leaned down to kiss her neck again. "It might take some practice. Especially with someone who cums as much as he did."
She cocked an eyebrow at me. "Did you see it when you looked back?"
I nodded, studying her reactions. "So much it was dripping out of her mouth."
Heather started breathing a little harder then. I could see her chest heaving slightly.
"Do you like that?" I asked, waiting to see if she'd admit it. Then, after a few moments without a reaction I asked, "Did you like hearing him?"
Heather hesitated, and I half expected her to deny it again, despite what her body was telling me. But then she nodded, just enough for me to notice as I pressed against her. "It sounded like he came really hard."
"Yes it did," I agreed. "You liked hearing him grunting as he came for her?"
Heather sighed and moaned, grinding back against me.
Things built back up as we talked until it felt like we were back in that moment. I rubbed circles over her clit, grinding against her ass.
This time, I didn't waste any more time before lifting her leg up and rubbing my hard cock along her wet folds. Then I pushed into her hard and fast, just like Chris had done to Sam.
Heather moaned and arched her back, pressing back to take me deeper.
I groaned and dug my fingers into her hip, thrusting as hard and fast as I could, wanting to mimic the feeling for her.
"You liked watching her take his big cock, didn't you?" I grunted, already feeling close with the image of Chris fucking Sam seared in my memory, and Heather's pussy squeezing around my cock.
"Yes!" she gasped, her hand on my hip, guiding my pace as I kept thrusting.
"I wanted to slide my cock into you right there in that hallway," I groaned, reaching around to touch her again.
"Oh god, Mark!" Heather moaned.
I felt my cock getting harder inside my wife as she clenched around me, so I rubbed faster circles over her clit, wanting to make her cum before I did.
"Cum, Heather! Think about cumming right there in that hallway. Think about feeling me inside you as we watched our slutty swim instructor getting fucked!"
Heather moaned and clenched as she came, and I let go as soon as I felt it, grunting and thrusting into her hard and deep.
We both came down slowly, breathing hard and moaning. I eased out of her, kissing down her neck to her shoulder, wrapping my arm around her and holding her close.
"You better have been thinking about me, and not that swim instructor," Heather teased, leaning back into me.
I laughed, kissing her and squeezing around her.
It felt like things were okay as long as we were joking about it. But I worried that involving Heather in the slutty activity with Sam might come back to bite me. At the very least, I'd have to be much more careful about sneaking any looks or quick conversations with Sam during swim lessons.
But it also felt worth it, to have created a sexy memory with Heather. I knew I'd have to tread carefully, but I really wanted to explore new, fun things together with her. It had been a long time since the sex had felt that good.
Then Heather got up to go to the bathroom, and I thought about sneaking a quick text to Sam.
Mark: Sneaking a quick text goodnight :-*
Mark: And making sure you don't have company ;)
Heather came back out before I got a response from Sam, so I double checked that the sound was off on my phone before replacing it on the nightstand.
I checked one more time a few minutes later once Heather was in bed, laying on her side and facing away. By then, Sam had texted back.
Sam: Goodnight
Sam: No company, as instructed :P
I sent another kiss back and then fell asleep easily.