My wife, Mary, and I, flew to Santa Barbara for a 6 month stay. The company we worked for shipped us out here on a volunteer TDY.
When we arrived, we had reservations at the local hotel. It was privately owned. Mary was checking us in. Our room number is 203."
Mary said "Ben, would you mind going across the street to the 7-11 and buying two 6 packs of Miller Hi Life beer in the bottles? I will take care of checking us in."
"By the time you get back I will be finished here. I will leave our room door cracked open so you can get in."
I said "Okay, I can do that."
So I left the hotel and went across the street to get the beer. I walked back to the hotel and took the steps up to the second floor.
I walked down the hallway where I saw an open door. It was 203. I went inside and closed the door and saw Mary. She was laying on the bed naked. It got my attention.
Mary said "I could tell on the plane that you needed a blowjob. Do you want it now or later?"
I said "Later. But what about you. Do you need something?"
Mary said "Would you mind going down on me. How do you feel about that?"
I said "Yes, that would be fine with me."
Mary said "Okay. Lets try it. It has been awhile since you given me oral sex. I don't feel like any ball banging right now."
I said "That's okay with me. I've been wanting to go down on you. You know that."
Mary said "I know baby. We will start doing this more often. Okay?"
I said "Yes, that sounds really good." I got naked. My dick was already hard. I climbed in bed and kissed her 3 times. I let my tongue slide from her lips to her boobs. I started kissing and sucking her nipples. That really got her going. Her nipples are really sensitive.
My tongue slid down across her abs to her pussy. I kissed her clit. I slid my tongue down the right side of her inner lips to the bottom of her pussy. I then slid my tongue up the left side to the top. I kissed her clit. That started the drum rolling.
I repeated my tongue going around her pussy back to the top. I kissed her pussy and sucked it. She was starting to roll her body back and forth. I slid my tongue down and back up to the top again and then I attacked her clit.
I started sucking her clit and flicking it with my tongue and sucking it and flicking it kept doing this until she grabbed my hair and her body went stiff. I moved my body getting ready to put my dick in her pussy.
When she relaxed and started breathing, I slid my dick in her pussy. I kept going in and out. This relaxed her. She was moaning and enjoying my dick.
I said "Mary, are you ready for another orgasm?"
Mary said "Yes, I like another one maybe 2 more."
I said "Great, I'm ready to go." I pulled my dick from her pussy. I got back down on her. My tongue kissed her clit. She moaned with that. My tongue went down her pussy and up to the top and to her clit. I kissed it and then sucked it.
She was getting close. I went back down and up for the second time. I started flicking and sucking her clit again. I kept doing that.
My tongue went back down and up for the third time. I started sucking and flicking her pussy over and over until she grabbed my hair again and her body went stiff again. Orgasm number 2.
When she relaxed and started breathing again, I slid my dick in her pussy going in and out. She was still enjoying her second orgasm while my hard dick was going in and out. I kept doing this for about 1 minute.
I said "Mary, ready for number 3?"
Mary said "Yes, one more, that's all. I don't want to go to five. 3 is enough for today."
I said "Okay my love, here we go." I pulled my dick from her pussy and then my tongue was going down and back up to the top of her pussy and straight to sucking her clit and flicking my tongue.
I kept doing this 2 more times. I could feel her body getting ready. i started sucking her clit and flicking my tongue. I kept doing that and then her body went stiff again. She finally relaxed.
My tongue started lapping up her pussy juice. I got as much as I could.
Mary said "I want you dick in my mouth."
I said "Okay baby." She was still lying down so I placed my knees one on each side of her. I put my hard dick on her lips. She opened her mouth and I slid my dick inside. She lapped all the pussy juice off my dick. She likes that as much as she like cum.
She kept sucking my dick until it was clean. I said "I don't want to cum right now baby, maybe later tonight?"
Mary said "Whenever you are ready, just let me know."
She then said "I noticed a sauna and hot tub downstairs."
I said "You want to go?"
Mary said "Yes, I want to go. Go ahead and put on 20 rings."
I had to remove my rings before we left home. We knew we had to go thru metal detectors at the airport.
I said "Where did you put them?"
Mary pointed and said "Top drawer over there."
I found the rings. I counted 20 and laid them on the bed. It took me 6 minutes to put them on.
Mary put on her thong suit. She gave me a towel. She had me wear it over my shoulder hanging down just low enough to cover my dick. My balls were hanging out with my 20 ball rings on.
We left the hotel room. We went to the hot tub. Mary got in. I hanged the towel on the loop. I was standing there naked.
Mary said "The water is great. Come on baby, get in."
I said "Okay." I climbed in and sat next to her.
We got comfortable. She started stroking my dick until it was rock hard.
Mary says "Ben, I want you to keep your dick hard while we are in the hot tub."
I said "No problem. You know I love keeping my dick hard."
Mary said "Damn, I forgot the beers. I'm going back to the room to get 2. You stay here until I come back."
Mary grabbed my towel to cover her bare ass and left.
A few minutes later 2 ladies showed up. They hung up their towels and got in.
One said "My name is Stephanie and this is my friend Lori."
I said "I'm glad to meet you. My name is Ben."
I was checking Lori out, She was really nice looking and a hot body. Her bathing suit was skimpy. Not covering much. I was glad they showed up.
The hot tub didn't give me much cover. If one of the 2 ladies look, they would see my hard dick. My dick head was just below the water level. If they just look, they had to see it. If I moved a little, my dick head would be above the water.
Lori asked "Are you on vacation?"
Ben said "No, my wife and I are on TDY for 6 months."
Lori said "Where did you fly from?"
I said "Orlando."
Lori said "What company do you work for?"
I told her.
Lori said "That's interesting. We work for the same company. We flew in from Louisiana. I'm an engineer and Steph works in quality."
I said "So you work on the External Tank project. I'm an engineer too. My wife works in a Tair station."
Lori says "Yes we do. You probably know that is where the ET's are built. I'm sure we will bump to each other at work next week."
Steph whispered something to Lori. Lori smiled at me and was looking at the water where my dick head is.
Step said "Ben, it looks like you don't have anything on."
My wife showed up at the right time with 2 beers in her hand. She hung the towel up and got in. She handed me a beer.
Mary says "How are you 2 doing?"
Lori said "We are doing fine. My name is Lori and this is my friend Stephanie."
Mary said "I'm glad to meet you. My name is Mary and this is my husband, Ben."
Lori said "We already met Ben."
Ben said "They work for the same company. Lori is an engineer and Stephanie works in quality."
Mary said "It sure is a small world."
Lori said "Yes it is. Now that you're here, we notice that Ben is naked."
Mary says "That's my fault. I hope it doesn't bother you."
Lori says "Not at all. We both like what we see. We were just wondering, what are those metal things he has on?"
I was stroking keeping my dick hard.
Mary said "Oh, they are metal rings around his balls. They are really fascinating."
Lori said "Would it be okay if we could get a better look of the metal rings?"
Mary says "Sure. Ben go a head and stand up for the ladies."
Ben says "Okay", and stands up. I was thinking I'm glad my dick's hard. You get a better look of the rings when my dick is hard.
Lori says "Wow. Your balls hang so low. You look so sexy with those rings on. I never seen anything like that. Why does he wear them?"
Mary said "He likes the feeling of them." She whispers softly "It's great for sex. I have 5 orgasms every time we have sex."
Stephanie whispers to Lori "Did she say 5 orgasms?"
Lori said "I think that's what she said." She looks at Mary "Did you say 5 orgasms every time you have sex?"
Mary said "That's right. I do."
Lori says "How does Ben bring you to 5 orgasms?"
Mary says "Lets just say he's a good lover."
Mary tells Ben to sit back down.
Stephanie says "How can he do that? Do those rings have something to do with that?"
Mary says "They have a lot to do with that."
Stephanie said "I have a boyfriend and Lori is married. We been best of friends since high school. I can speak for both of us. Neither of us have orgasms when having sex with our men."
Mary said "I'm sorry to hear that. That's unfortunate. I had the same problem with my first husband."
Lori said "Yes it is. So can you tell us how you are able to have 5 orgasms every time. That seems impossible."
Mary said "I can tell you, it's true. But there's really nothing you can do."
Stephanie says "Can you please tell us."
Mary says "Okay. First I want to tell you, If we are having sex for intimacy and love, we have sex the normal way with Ben on top and sometimes I'm on top. Usually, neither of us cum in this situation. We know that when we start."
"However, If Ben needs to cum and believe me, I know when he needs to cum, I give him a blowjob. Even when I'm sucking his dick, it is with love."
Lori say "Okay I understand that. That is really nice. But no orgasms."
Mary says "I'm getting to that. When we are having sex so I can have orgasms, we have sex doggy style. Not as intimate. Ben starts by sliding his dick in my pussy. Some times he slides his dick in and out to relax me. He then gets into a rhythm with his dick going in and out of my pussy and his balls banging against my clit."
"Are you following this so far?"
Lori said "Yes, keep going. This is really something."
Mary says "Okay, He keeps banging my clit with his balls. Orgasms just keep coming on and on until I can't take anymore which is 5 orgasms."
Lori says "That is amazing."
Mary says "Lori, there is more and it's the best part. Something happens to me after 5 orgasms?"
Lori said "What?"
"When Ben stops pounding my clit, My clit keeps quivering anyway. Then I get these, I call minor orgasms, 5, 10, sometimes even more. I feel really overwhelmed every time until they stop."
"Ben's dick never stops going in and out of my pussy thru all of that. It's so soothing on me. It's really hard to explain. But Ben keeps doing that until I'm ready for him he cum. That's about it. That covers everything."
Lori said "That is an unbelievable story. How often do you do that?"
Mary says "We usually have sex 3 times every 2 weeks. But that may very depending on other events we have. But I always have 5 orgasms once every 2 weeks. Sometimes sooner if I need it."
Lori says "What a wonderful relationship you and Ben have. I can feel the love between you. It is so strong. Plus, you both care for each so much."
Mary says "That's nice of you to say that."
Lori said "Mary, I would be thrilled to find a man like Ben."
Ben said "Lori, our marriage relationship is great. But I got news for you. Mary is a fantastic woman. I know if I had met you instead, it would of not worked. I'm very, very lucky finding Mary."
Lori said "You might be right. But I'm starting to realize that all successful marriage relationships must work around keeping the woman sexually satisfied. If that doesn't happen, marriages start falling apart. What do you think Mary?"
Mary says "I never given that much thought. But, what you say makes sense. Its probably true for a lot of marriages. I'm going to look into that."
Lori said "Look at my marriage. I always felt something was wrong, but I couldn't think what it was. Then one day I realized Jim has never tried to keep me sexually satisfied. Now he goes looking for it somewhere else. He won't find it there either, because he is the problem."
Lori says "There are other ways for women to have orgasm."
Mary said "Sure, If only men will learn how to properly perform oral sex on women. Men can use their tongue and fingers to massage women's clits. Most men will do that but not long enough. Women get one orgasm then men expect a blowjob."
Mary said "Ben is as good on oral sex as he is good banging his balls. Before we came down here, Ben had oral sex on me. I had 3 orgasms when we were done. I am still feeling it."
Lori said "How long does the feeling last? I have not had an orgasm yet."
Mary says "It lingers on for awhile, a couple hours maybe."
Lori says "Jim loves when I suck his dick, but he never uses his tongue on my clit. But he keeps wanting to cum in my mouth. But Jim doesn't like licking my pussy. That's what he says. Going thru high school and college, most men had no idea where women's clit is located. I had guys going down on me but they didn't know what to do or how to do it."
Mary said "We all had the same problem in high school. But men wanted us to suck their dicks and swallow their cum."
Steph laughed and said. Not just high school, it's the same thing at our age."
Mary said "Long before I met Ben, I had 0 orgasms with my first husband, He only cared for himself. He wanted blowjobs all the time. I finally divorced him. At the time, I was sure I would never marry again. I figured all men were the same."
No one spoke for a second, then Mary said "Then I met Ben, he was already wearing 25 rings on his balls. I saw them even before we started dating. I was fascinated with them."
Lori says "He had 25 rings on his balls when you met?"
Mary said "That's right. I fell in love with him at first sight. Ben felt the same way. After making love with him, I knew I was going to marry him. And we did 8 months later."
Lori says "I would of done the same thing. Did you have orgasms with him the first time you made love?"
Mary said "Yes, 3 orgasms. It was first time I had an orgasm. I didn't know at the time what happens to me when I have 5 orgasms. We found that out later."
Mary continue "But thinking back, Ben loved going down on me. He used his tongue on my clit until I had an orgasm. He keeps telling me he rather do that then use his balls on me. I was the first person he used his balls on."
Lori said "Really? Which one do you like the most, his tongue or his balls?"
Mary said "I don't know. I should be listening to him."
She grabs Ben's hand and says "Baby you were great today. I like your balls a lot too. I'm going to change and let you use your tongue on me more often."
Ben says "Thank you baby."
Lori said "I would love to feel his balls on me? I also would love to feel his tongue on my clit. If he is so good at both, it would be nice to feel both ways."
Mary said "I don't think I want Ben's tongue on your clit. I'm sorry. But I will let him use his balls, if you want to feel that?
Lori said "That's okay, I would love to feel his balls banging my clit."
Mary looked at Ben then said "Would you like to have some fun with these 2 beautiful ladies?"
Ben said "If it's okay with you, then it's fine with me."
Lori said "Really, you would do that with someone you don't know?"
Stephanie said "Are you crazy Lori? You're right, we don't even know them."
Lori says " Steph, that's true. But I'm going to do it. You should to."
Mary said "Lets head back to our room. Ben would you get our beers please. We can talk about it there."
I get out and let the ladies see my hard dick and balls again. It was those 2 ladies who got my dick hard. Now they were taking another look at it.
Mary gave me a towel. I laid it over my shoulder.
Mary took a look at it. She adjusted the towel so it was laying on top of my hard dick. So my dick and balls were in plan view.
Lori looked and said "Mary, that looks perfect on him, sexy to the 10th degree. I could suck his dick right now."
Mary said "Ben is a exhibitionist so he likes everything out."
Lori said "You lucky dog. It must be fun having an exhibitionist as a husband?"
Mary said "Oh yes, it has been fun."
While walking to our room Lori got next to her friend Stephanie. She said to her "Have you looked at Ben with the towel on?"
Steph says "No, why?"
Lori said "Just turn around and take a quick look."
Stephanie turns around and looks and says "Shit, that is so fucking hot."
Lori says "I know, fuck. Mary just told me that Ben is a exhibitionist."
Steph says "You're kidding me, right?"
Lori says "No, he really is."
Steph says "Damn, I wouldn't mind having a husband who is a exhibitionist."
Lori said "Me too, fuck. I got the opposite of an exhibitionist for a husband."
Steph says "We both do."
We get to the room. Mary opens the door and we all go in. The door closes.
Ben tosses the towel on the dresser.
Mary asks the 2 ladies "Do you 2 care for a beer?"
They both said yes. Mary handed them each a beer.
Mary says "Have you 2 ladies made up your mind?"
Lori says "I'm doing it."
Mary said "Good, you will have an experience you'll never forget. What about you Steph?"
Steph says "If Lori has 5 orgasms. I will definitely do it too."
Lori says "I'm ready as I ever will be."
Mary says "Then remove all your clothes."
Lori says "Okay." She thought only Ben and I are going to be naked.
Mary says "Lori, Do you want to go for 5 orgasms?"
Lori says "We'll see. I never had an orgasm before."
Mary said to Steph "If you don't mind, I want you to watch, so you know what to do."
Mary says "Well Lori, you will really enjoy this. But first, we need to determine the location of your clit."
Lori said "How do you do that?"
Mary said "It's easy. Ben will put his dick in your pussy and then he will start banging his balls against your clit. If he is not hitting your clit, You need to tell us where his balls are hitting you. If he is hitting your clit, we will know. Are you ready?"
Lori said "Yes, lets do this before I change my mind."
Mary said "Lori you need to bend over on the bed. I'm going to put a little lubricant in your pussy."
Mary says "Okay Lori now is the time. Climb on the bed and get in position on all fours."
Mary said "Okay Lori, that's good."
Mary says "Ben. Do your thing."
Ben says "Okay Lori. Here we go. I'm going to slide my dick inside you."
Lori says "Okay Ben. I can feel your dick going in and out."
Ben says "Okay Lori, I'm going to start banging my balls."
Lori says "This is fucking cool. I love the feeling of your hard dick going in and out, in and out. Ohhhh I can feel your balls hitting my pussy just below my clit."
Mary said "Okay Lori. You said below your clit?"
Lori said "Yes, just a bit below my clit."
Ben will take his dick out now.
Lori said "Okay."
Ben slowly pulls his dick out and Lori moans "oohhhhhhh."
Ben says "What do you think Mary, 1 or 2 rings?"
Mary says "Lori said you were just below her clit. Try 1 ring."
Ben said "Okay I will add 1 ring.
Ben walks over to the dresser. He pulls open the drawer and takes 1 ring. He slips the ring on around his balls. "Okay. 1 ring added. I have on 21 rings now."
Mary says "Okay Lori, here we go again."
Ben says "Okay Lori, my dick is going back in your pussy again."
Lori says "Okay, I can feel your dick. It feels so good, so good."
Ben says "I'm starting to bang my balls. You should feel that."
"Oh yes I feel your balls. They are right on my clit. Oh yea, baby, yes baby. Oohhhh baby that feels wonderful. I have never felt this before."
Lori let's out a moan, Ben keeps banging his balls. "I can feel me cumming. Ohhh baby ohhh baby keep banging yes yes ohhhhhhb aaahhhhhhh I'm cumming I'm cumming. Oohhhhhhhh."
Ben says "Okay Lori I am going to slow down so my balls are not hitting your clit anymore. My dick is going in and out constantly. How are you feeling?"
Lori said "That was so awesome. So that's what an orgasm feels like? Yes I would like that again. Your dick feels so fucking good going in and out. It feels so good."
Lori turns to face Steph catching her breathe and says "Steph, I just had my first orgasm."
Steph said "I saw that. I watched Ben. It was so cool watching him."
Ben said "Lori, that was your first orgasm?"
Lori says "Yes Ben, my first orgasm and it was great. Mary was wrong. Your balls are a big part of achieving an orgasm. Your dick is what pushed me over for the orgasm. Your dick feels so good."
Mary said "You're right. My mistake. It's the same for me."
Lori said "I can feel your wonderful dick inside me. Oh now, I can feel your balls again too. Baby keep banging your balls on my clit. Ohhh yes that feels so good."
"Oh yea yes baby, oohbhhh baby. I'm cumming again. Ohbhhh baby, keep banging, aaaahhhhhhhh. I'm cumming , I'm cumming. Ohhhhhhhh. Wow that was great."
Ben says "I'm sliding my dick in and out. So Lori how are you feeling?"
Lori says "I'm feeling good. Mary, is it okay I go one more time?"
Mary says "You can go as long as you want. But I'm hoping you go for 5."
Lori says "Okay Ben, I feel your dick. I love your dick. Now bring on your balls. Oh yea baby, I feel your balls. Ohhh yeaaaaa keep banging. Keep pounding, keep pounding your balls. I can feel me getting close to cumming."
"Don't stop banging. Ohhh. Yeah ooh yea. I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Ohhhhhhh yea ohhhhhhhhhb. Yes I can feel your dick. You're going in and out. That was so wonderful."
Ben says "How do you feel now Lori?"
Lori says "I feel fucking great."
Ben says "We will relax for a moment."
Lori said "That's fine. I feel your hard dick going in and out. So nice. Don't stop. You can do that forever."
Ben says "Do you want to stop or would you like to feel what 5 orgasms feel like?"
Lori says "Will that be okay Mary if I go for 2 more orgasms?"
Mary says "Yes Lori, when you hit 5 orgasms your sex drive will be super high. You will want Ben's cum in your mouth."
Lori said "I have never let anyone cum in my mouth. It might be today."
Mary said "If you say so."
Ben says "Lori, are you ready for number 4?"
Lori says "I'm ready."
Ben said "Ok Lori, Here we go."
Lori says "I still feel your dick going in and out. That feels so nice. It really does. You do have a nice dick. I can't wait to suck it."
Lori says "Okay Ben I can feel your balls now. Your dick and balls feel so good together. My clit is sooo ohhh sensitive. Your balls are treating my clit so good. Keep banging your balls. I can feel I'm about to cum again. So soon. I can't help that."
"Keep pounding away at my clit. They are begging for your balls. Your dick feels so good. I am starting to cum again. I can feel it. Oohhhhhhhb baby, oohbhhh baby. I'm cumming. I'm cumming, oh baby I'm cumming. Ohbhhhhh, aahhhhhhhh. Wow, that was good, so good."
Lori said "I like how you keep your dick going in and out, in and out, so nice."
Ben said "Was that nice Lori?"
Lori said "Yes Ben, you are so good using your dick. I have never been with a man that knows how to use their dick and balls together like you."
Ben says "Thank you Lori. Are you ready for your 5th orgasm?"
Lori said "How about your dick and balls, are they ready?"
Ben said "Yes, they are ready. My balls are waking up again."
Lori says "I love feeling you dick going in and out. I just love it so much."
Ben's says "Lori. I'm bringing it on."
Lori says "I can feel your balls attacking my clit again. My clit has never felt like this. Your balls are pounding my clit. I can already feel something. Keep pounding. Keep banging your balls."
"Keep doing that. Oohbhhh baby I can feel it. Your dick is pushing me over. Oohbhhh aaahhhhhhhh I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Ohhh baby, yes oohhhhhhh. Wow. Wow. That was so great."
Lori calls to Mary "You were right. My clit feels like it's cumming over and over and over. It hasn't stop yet. They are still going on. Ohhhh baby, my clit is going on and on. Oohbhhh. Wow, they finally stopped. I don't know how many I had?"
Lori asked Ben "How long can you go without cumming? I never ever been with a man who has gone this long without cumming."
Ben said "I cum when Mary says so. You heard Mary telling me not to cum before we even started. Usually when someone gets 5 orgasms, they want to give me a blow job and then they eat all my cum."
Lori says "I feel like that now. I'm on fire. I want to suck your dick. I want to taste your cum."
Ben says "What about your friend Steph?"
Lori says "I just want to suck on your dick and taste my pussy juices. I would love to taste your cum. But I know I can't. So, I just want to taste my juices that are on your dick"
Ben looks at Mary who says okay.
Ben says "Okay Lori "I'm taking my dick our of your pussy now. You can suck and clean my dick if you want to."
Lori said "Ohhhhhhh, that was so nice. I want to suck your dick and clean it."
Lori gets out of bed and sits on the edge. Ben places his dick in from of Lori who leans and takes Ben's dick in her mouth. She swallows as much of his dick as she can. She is licking up and down his dick shaft. She takes the head and sucks it to clean everything off of it, She continues to suck his dick but all of her pussy juices are gone.
Ben says "Okay Lori, you have done enough. Time to quit."
Lori agrees and Ben removes his dick. Lori says "Thank you Ben. I have enjoyed everything."
Lori gets up from the bed and goes to talk with Steph. "Man, I'm feeling so good. I'm floating. I'm walking on air. Never had an orgasm and then get 5 in one day."
Steph says "We'll Lori, it looks like to me he's for real. I watched you getting all 5 orgasms. I watch you sucking and cleaning his dick. Ben is fucking awesome."
Lori says "Oh yea, He is awesome. His dick and balls are real. I have been married to Joe for 6 years. We have sex often. He gets on top of me and lasts about 2 minutes and then he cums. Never had any orgasms with him."
Lori said "I loved sucking his dick and cleaning it. It was so good. It was my pussy juices from the 5 orgasms I had."
"Lori thinking then says "Ben gives me 5 orgasms in 15 or 20 minutes. I'm on fire. You better get your butt over on that bed there. I feel like going over there and sucking his dick until I get cum out of it."
Lori continues "Steph, you know me. I have never had cum in my mouth. Now I can't wait to get it. Mary tried to warn me. I didn't listen. My own pussy juices were good. I bet cum is better."
Lori said "You are going over there and you will let Ben give you 5 orgasms. Come on, let's go. When you get done, we will decide who gives him a blowjob."
Steph says "You can give him a blowjob and have his cum."
Lori says "Okay, I would love to swallow his cum. You want to bet 5 dollars? If you want no cum, you win. If you want to give him a blowjob and have his cum, I win, but I'm the loser, fuck."
Steph says "Pay up, this will be easy to win."
Steph walks over to Mary and said "I'm ready to have some fun with Ben."
Mary said "Then take your clothes off and get naked."
Mary said "Good. Now bend over on the bed. I'm going to put some lubricant in your pussy."
Mary said "Ben, Steph is going for 5 orgasms."
Ben said "Nice. Now what about my balls?"
Mary says "Go ahead and try."
Ben said "Okay. Now Steph, if my balls are not hitting your clit, let me know. You would need to tell me where my balls are hitting."
Lori comes over and pats Steph on her bare ass. She says "Relax Steph and enjoy. Ben is really good. He's going to be the best lover you ever had and you will remember this forever. We both will."
Ben said "Lets get started. Remember Steph, let me know where my balls are hitting."
Steph says "I can feel your dick inside me. It feels nice, really nice. Oh yea I can feel your balls hitting my clit. You are right on target."
Ben says "that means you 2 ladies have the same measurement where you clit is located. 21 rings is the number for you 2."
Steph says "Your balls are doing a good job, They know exactly where to bang. Ohhh, ohhhh, that's starting to feel real nice. I love your dick, it feels just right. But your balls are banging perfect, I can feel something coming alive, My clit is."
"The more you bang, the closer I'm getting. Keep banging hard baby, oh yea baby, oh yea baby, I can feel it. It's getting closer, Oh yea I can feel it, Your dick is wonderful. Oohhhhhhh yeaaaaaaaa, I'm cumming, Ohhhhhhhh, Yeaaaaaa, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, Ohbhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhh."
"Wow, that was sooo special. My first orgasm Mary."
Lori, who is still naked "says "Steph, you just had your first orgasm like me."
Steph takes a breath and says "What have we missed? It was wonderful. Ben's dick feels wonderful."
Ben kept his dick going in and out. His balls were just hanging.
Mary said "How do you feel Steph?"
Steph said "I feel so good. So that's what orgasms are. My current boyfriend or any past boyfriends have no clue."
Ben said "Steph, ready for more action?"
Steph said "I have been enjoying your dick going in and out. I'm ready for the balls. Bring them on."
"Okay baby, I feel your balls, Yes baby, they feel good. Your dick feels so good too. Keep pounding your balls again, You are banging so good, I can feel it again. It's creeping up."
"Ohhh baby keep pounding, keep pounding. Yes baby, Yes baby. Ohhh baby ohhhhhhhba, baby yeaaaaaaaaa, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, ohhhhbhh baby ohhh baby. Wow, that was great, my second orgasm, good bye Mark."
Mary says to Lori "Who is Mark?"
Lori says "Her current boyfriend. I didn't liked him when she first started dating him. Good, I'm glad he's gone."
Mary said Where is your husband?"
Lori said "Jim? He's back in Louisiana."
"So you 2 are hear by yourself."
Lori said "That's right."
Ben says "Steph, are you ready for number 3?"
Steph says "Oh yes. I can't wait any longer. I love the feel of your hard dick going in and out. Nothing else. Just in and out."
Ben said "I do that to keep your body in a sexual state. That way you come to the next orgasm easier."
Steph says "I'm in a sexual state alright. No doubt. I love your dick, I really do."
Ben says "We are starting. You should be feeling something quick."
Steph says "Yes I can feel your balls pounding my clit again. It's already waking up. Your dick activity pays off."
Ben said "I know what I'm doing and I'm getting better."
Steph says "Yes, you know a woman's body. Not many men know that. Oohbhhh here we go. Keep pounding, keep pounding my clit."
"Ohhh baby, I feel it coming. Oooohhhhhhh baby. I feel it ohhh yeaaa, I'm cumming. Oh yea baby I'm cumming, ohhh aaahhhhhh, ohhh wow. That was so nice."
Ben says "I can tell you love my dick and balls. Are you ready to suck my dick"
Steph says "Yes, I would love your dick in my mouth. But you better not pull your dick out of my pussy. Keep doing what you're doing now."
Ben says "Don't worry. My balls are attacking now."
Steph says "Yes, I can feel your dick and feel your balls. Ohhh baby. Keep banging my clit with your balls. Ohhh baby, ohhh baby. Your getting close. Yea baby. Real close now."
"Keep those balls pounding. Oohbhhh yeaaaaahhhhh baby. I'm cumming. Baby I'm cumming, baby aahhhhhh. Wow baby aahhhh."
"Ohhh your dick feels sooo good. Ohhh your wonderful dick feels so good. Don't stop moving your dick. Just one more. That's all I want."
Ben said "We just need to rest another minute. I will keep moving my dick. My balls are resting no where near your clit."
Steph says "Okay, I'll wait. Your dick feels so good. Number 5 is coming up."
Ben says "I think you're ready."
Steph says "Yes, start pounding my clit. Ohhh baby I feel that. Ohhh my, it feels so good. Keep banging your balls. I can feel every time your balls hit my clit. Ohhh baby, oohhh baby. Yes baby, I feel it. I'm getting close."
Steph moans "Ohhh baby ohhhh baby. That's That's doing it. Your dick feels so good. Yeaaaaa baby. I'm cumming baby. I'm cumming baby, ohhhhhhh yea, that was good. so good."
Steph says " Yes Ben, keep going in and out. I can feel my clit going crazy. Yes I'm still cumming, my clit is not stopping. Ohhhhhh yes, my clit is going and going. Wow. It's still going and going. It's finally slowing down. Oohbhhh wow, it's finally stopped."
"That was amazing. I want your dick now, in my mouth now. No more dick movement. I need your dick in my mouth. Now Ben"
Mary gives Ben the okay.
Ben pulls his dick from Steph's pussy and Stephi moans "Oooohhhhhh."
She rests for a few seconds and gets up and sits on the edge of the bed. Ben slides his dick in her mouth which was coated with her pussy juices.
Ben says "Okay Steph. Start sucking it good. Clean my dick good, like Lori did, with your pussy juice all over it."
Steph says "I'm doing that. It's so good. I want your cum in my mouth. I want every drop."
Ben said "It won t be long. I feel cum moving up my dick."
Steph says "Good, I want it."
Mary says to Lori "She is really sucking Ben's dick. She cleaned everything off of it."
Lori said "I really want some of his cum too. Well, Steph will owe me 5 bucks."
Steph says "Come on Ben, shoot your load."
Ben shot his first shot of cum deep into her mouth. The 2nd and 3rd shots of cum also went deep. Steph swallowed every drop. Ben shot 2 more loads. Steph swallowed that too. More cum dripped from his dick right into Steph's mouth.
She grabbed his dick and started squeezing it to get more cum to ooze out. She wiped that clean with her tongue. She kept squeezing until no more cum leaked out. No cum in Steph's mouth either.
Ben said "Steph. I think that's it. You got it all and my dick is cleaned."
Mary said "Yes Steph, you got it all."
Steph said "Let me suck Ben's dick for a little longer."
Mary said "Go ahead Steph."
Steph just kept Ben's dick in her mouth. She played with it, sucked it, and licked it. She just couldn't get enough of Ben's dick.
Mary said "Okay Steph, you got everything. Ben's dick needs a rest."
Ben pulled his dick from Steph's mouth. He took Steph's hand and helped her up.
Steph walked over where Lori was and said "I'm glad you're still naked. I'm going to stay naked too."
She added "I'm sorry I got all of Ben's cum. It was so good."
Lori said "No need to be sorry. I'm happy for you."
Steph said "Thanks Lori. I guess I owe you 5 bucks. Hell, I love cum now. I could suck Ben's dick again, right now."
"Shit, I don't know what I'm going to do with Mark. Fuck, what a difference comparing Mark to Ben. Ben is everything Mark isn't. I'm not talking about sex, but everything else."
Lori said "I know. Dumping Mark is a lot easier than me. I'm married. I didn't tell you that Jim and I had a big argument before we left."
Steph said "I want to hear everything that happened between you and Jim."
Lori said "I should of told you earlier. Last weekend Jim was out playing golf with his regular buddies. I was home doing laundry and I found one of those Holiday Inn room entry cards in his pants."
Steph said "So that was what the argument was all about?"
Lori said "Yes, I was so mad."
Steph asked "Was what we did today because of Jim's screw up?"
Lori said "I could say it was. The truth? It had nothing to do with it."
Lori said "Today was just an opportunity I wasn't going to let slip away. I'm thinking how can we do this again? I remember Mary saying they are going to be here for 6 more months."
Steph said "I was thinking the same thing."
They both turned to Mary. Lori said "I guess you heard everything."
Mary said "You have 6 months to think it over?"
Lori said "I don't know. We argued all week. When Steph pulled up, I told him not to be here when I come back home."
Mary said "Do you think your marriage is over?"
Lori said "When I got in Steph's car, I was thinking what I wanted to do. All the way to the airport and all thru the flight, I was thinking if I wanted a divorce."
Mary said "Have you made a decision?"
Lori said "This is the hard part. When Steph and I got in to the hot tub. I saw Ben and thought, what a nice looking man. When i saw his dick under the water, I knew right then and there, that's the kind of man I want. Someone nice looking, and full of adventures."
Lori hugged Mary and said "Why do you let Ben do what he does? I know he's good at it. But why do you allow it? If he was my husband, we be in bed every day. I wouldn't share him with anyone."
Mary said "It's easy to say when he's not your husband. You have no idea how our marriage works."
Lori said "No I don't. I'm sorry. Please forgive me."
Mary said "Don't worry. One day I will let you know our little secret then you would understand."
Lori said "Okay, I can't wait to hear it. You are going to be here for 6 months. Right?"
Mary said "Yes."
"So, any chance we could do this again?"
Mary said "Maybe. Ben and I will talk about it. I hope we could be friends."
Steph said "Absolutely."
Lori said "That's a definite yes for me too. You 2 are special people. Mary, no doubt you have a wonderful husband and you are a wonderful wife. Yes, we love his dick and balls. But he's sweet and very friendly and a exhibitionist. That's a biggy."
Lori said "Ben come here, I want to hug you while we both are naked."
Ben puts his arms around her. Lori couldn't resist. She reached down and grabbed his soft dick. She slowly stroked it hoping to bring back some life to his dick. I want some cum so bad.
Steph says "How did you find Ben?"
Mary said "Plain luck. I will tell you one day."
Mary said "I love to hear it." Steph and Lori wrapped their bathing suits in a towel. They decided they are going to walk naked to their room.
Lori said "Me and Steph have really enjoyed the time we have spent with you."
Mary said "Ben and I have enjoyed meeting you and the time we spent together. I'm sure we will be seeing a lot of each other."
Lori said "Yes we will."
We all gave hugs. Mary opened the door and said "The coast is clear, how far do you have to go?"
Lori said "We are 8 rooms down. We are room 216."
We hugged again and they were off.
Ben said "I'm going outside to watch."
He stepped in the hall naked, watching them. They got their room. Lori turned around while Steph was opening the door and waved to Ben. Ben waved back. They went into their room and closed the door. Ben went back inside and closed our door.
Lori said "Steph, did you notice that Ben, me and you were naked and Mary wasn't?"
Steph said "I didn't notice until you said something. Maybe she wasn't naked because she didn't participate in any of the sex activities? But she was practically naked in her thong bathing suit. And remember, she had 3 orgasms before we met them in the hot tub."
Lori said "Oh yea, I forgot about the 3 orgasms. You're probably right. I'm going to get a thong bathing suit. I liked how it looked on Mary. What do you think. Would I look okay in a thong like Mary?"
Steph said "Mary has a wonderful ass. Hell she has a wonderful body. I'm a female and I liked looking at her. You have a nice ass too and a nice body too. You take good care of yourself. So yes, you would look great in a thong and have many lookers looking at you just like Mary?"
Lori said "I didn't tell you but Mary has a little secret. She didn't tell me what it was, but hinted she might later on."
This is the end of Part 1.