Thanks to all who have liked, followed, and commented since I started writing theMy Workout Partnerseries. I want to tell the readers of my stories that this Chapter is a departure of sorts...a lot more CFNM and Dom/Sub undertones. Please let me know if this is OK. I may have to give an alternate Chapter 9 if this doesn't work.
*****
Behind the pool, Ashley and Joey were grinning broadly. Those two were obviously happy with the way their three nude charges were working out, literally and figuratively. It was approaching 6:30. The sun was coming up and Tess, Angie, and I were completely naked in public. We have no access to our clothes or a way to cover ourselves. We are without keys to our cars until Joey decides to give them to us. We were not in control of our situation...Ashley and Joey were.
Tess's hairless and swollen pussy was leaking her fluid and my cum, clearly showing evidence that she had just finished having sex with me. Angie was still kneeling next to my car with three fingers in her gaping cunt, vigorously finishing herself to her second or third orgasm while watching Tess and I fuck on the hood of my car. Her juices were running down both legs. Her knees looked pretty red and raw, but since I had been concentrating on Tess, I had not seen what all she had done after bringing Tess to her first orgasm on the hood of my car. Lasered and hairless from the neck down, I'm standing with an softening purple and red erection that is dripping cum and vaginal fluids from my cock and balls.
Ashley asked Joey, "Do you typically make them go home like this on other mornings or is this show for me?"
"Oh no," Joey replied. "They come here naked and go home the same way. The sex was a great addition, though! Tess is the only one with clothes to return, but you need to tell me if you want me to give her shorts and t-shirt back to her. She'll need to go back inside to get them, but I'm fairly sure there are swimmers in the pool by now. I will admit that we are usually not this late in the morning."
"I like the way all three are dressed right now," Ashley responded. "How long can we keep them this way?"
"I can't speak for him, but you make the schedules for Angie and Tess," Joey said. "are they magically off today?"
Looking right at me, Ashley said as a matter of fact, "yes, I believe the girls are off today. I'll write our sex toy boy a therapy excuse for work. I want them all at my house to work on their tans while they work in my yard. With a big fenced in back yard and a pool, I can definitely keep them busy while enjoying the view."
I guess I was going to have to take off today, too, then. It was Friday, so it would be a slow day for me at work, anyway. Besides, I had to play this out! This had the makings of a fantasy of all fantasies!
"Perfect!" Joey chimed in. "I believe I need to work on my tan and get a little recreation in today, too."
"What do you want us to do with our cars?" I asked.
"You three are all covered in cunt and cum! Clean each other up and carpool together in one car. Here is Ashley's address. Be there in 30 minutes." Joey commanded. Then she tossed me my car keys and Joey and Ashley got into their cars and drove off.
I would have loved to have had the time for us to lick each other clean, but Ashley's address was almost 20 minutes away, so we would not have been able to enjoy ourselves. Plus, I'm not sure how much longer the three of us could stand naked in a public parking lot without getting caught. There was an outdoor faucet just to one side of the pool entry door, so I suggested we splash our crotches and get going. The water was very cold. As I kneeled down in front of it and washed off my shrinking erection, I was glad I didn't have any pubic hair to have caught Tess' love juices and my cum. It definitely sped up the cleanup.
Angie splashed her face, pussy, and thighs very quickly and winced when the water ran down on her poor raw knees. Tess got close enough to almost douche with the faucet, rinsing her cute little swollen cunt of as much of our juices as she could. The coldness of the water definitely lowered the sexual tension among the three of us for the moment, but I had a feeling that we would be ramped back up by whatever Ashley and Joey had planned for us.
As I unlocked my car, I suggested both women get into the back seat because it was broad daylight by now and I didn't need two sets of uncovered titties bringing attention to us. As these two athletic, tan sex kittens each leaned forward and ducked their heads to get into the back seat of my car, I got the wonderful view of two of the most beautiful hairless pussies and puckered rosebuds I have ever had the privilege to fuck in one lifetime, much less in the same morning!
Despite the cold water rinsing we each took, Tess's labia lips were still very red and full ...flowering open to reveal her glistening inner lips. Her vagina was still partly open from our fuck session not 20 minutes earlier and her clitoral hood was still swollen and protruding. I was almost sure I would be inside her again today.
It had only been two hours since Angie and I had our morning quickie, so her masturbation session in the parking lot had her snatch in full flower as well. Her cunt, while different than Tess', was beautiful in its own way. Her outer lips tanned darker than the rest of her, so the moist pink of her inner snatch was more obvious. Her clit was still engorged. Despite having rinsed her crotch off, she was leaking some more of her juices down her legs again and she was breathing irregularly like she had just had another orgasm. As she got in, I noticed she reached into the cup holder and retrieved her clit ring and was putting it back in as she was sitting down. I could see in the rear-view mirror that Tess was very interested in Angie's jewelry. I think she wanted to help put it back on.
My dick was red and a little sore, but getting hard again... even after the cold blast of water...because of the view and the strong scent of these two aroused women. My poor car would never smell the same again! I took a couple of minutes to put Ashley's address into my GPS because I had a feeling this would not be the only time I would be required to go there.
As I pulled out of the parking lot on the way to Ashley's address, the front parking lot of the gym was beginning to get the early workout crowd. Just thinking about if any of them only knew what we were doing and how totally naked and exposed we were in the car excited me. I pointed out the dozen or so cars in the parking lot to Angie and Tess and asked them if they knew any of the people that came early to work out, but I didn't get a reply.
Looking in the rear-view mirror, I almost wrecked as I caught sight of Tess with her head down in Angie's crotch. Angie, seeing my glance, said, "Tess volunteered to help clean me up better than the hosing off we just did. Besides, we don't have anything to do for the next little while!"
Refocusing on the driving task at hand, I rolled down all the car's windows and eased out of the parking lot and onto the street. In my younger days, I often drove naked with the windows down and enjoyed the sense of freedom it gave me, but I hadn't done it in several years. I definitely hadn't done it with two naked women in the back seat having oral sex with one another.
I reflected on the changes in my risk taking these last few months since Joey had challenged me to strip and swim laps with her in the mornings. I always considered myself to be a nudist and somewhat of an exhibitionist, but this was a side of me I hadn't explored and I was loving it! The more control she took, the safer and more confident I felt and the more comfortable I was being naked around others...especially women...whether they were clothed or unclothed. It was exciting and erotic all at the same time. I craved situations to put my body on display and to satisfy a woman totally. Having been in these training sessions the last few months had transformed my decent body into a hard body with six-pack abs and a low body fat percentage. It was almost summer, so I had put some time in working on my tan, but not as much as I would have liked. It sounded like I would have a chance to work on that at Ashley's. I just wasn't sure what I would be doing outside while I was there.
I was jolted back out of my reflective thought with the feeling of a soft hand wrapping itself around my dick! As Tess was eating Angie out, Tess was in the position in the back-seat floorboard to reach around with her right hand and explore my manhood. I love a woman who can multitask! Setting the cruise control, I parted my legs as wide as I could to give her better access. Her rhythm sucked at first, but she still got an 'A' for effort. Looking in the rear-view mirror, I could see Angie was lost in another build up to an orgasm, but saw me watching and blew me a kiss. As Tess tongue fucked Angie's love hole, she began stroking my growing erection to the pace of her tongue. I was not in any immediate danger of losing control of the car or my load, but I drove carefully and enjoyed the sensation and the thoughtfulness of my passengers.
We arrived at Ashley's address without incident, but I did have more body fluids in my car seats than when we started...my poor car will never smell the same! I turned down a rather long driveway to the house. The house's garage door was open, so I assumed I was to drive into it and park...but I was mistaken. Ashley came into the garage and sternly informed me that employees parked on the street, not in the master's garage. It was early still and the street in front of her house was not very busy, so parking on the road wasn't a big deal, but her command did seem to set a tone for where Tess, Angie, and I stood with Ashley and Joey.
I backed my car out of the garage and drove back to the street and parked. The three of us got out of the car, naked as the day we were born, and proceeded to walk back up the driveway to the house. Fortunately for us, the street was deserted.
As we got back to the garage, Ashley and Joey were standing in the still open garage door, each wearing the smallest of bikinis. Ashley wore a red halter top that just barely covered her breasts and a G-string bottom. This must have been the tan line that showed when she was in her racer one piece at the pool. Joey wore a small red G-string bottom with an even smaller black top. She had two other small string bikinis in her hand.
Ashley scowled at all three of us as we walked into the garage and took a deep breath thru her nose. "I thought you guys cleaned up before you left the parking lot, but you three all still smell of sex. Plus, sex toy boy, you have cum dripping from your cock and you still have some on your stomach and Tess has cream on her face and hair. What the hell happened on the way over here? ...Never mind! I don't want to know. Step out back and I'll hose you off myself!"
With that, we stepped thru a door in the back of the garage to the home's back yard. It was quite spacious, with a deck and a large lap pool. Now I knew how Ashley stayed in shape. While I was taking in the back-yard amenities, I was shocked back to the present with a cold stream of water from a full-on garden hose. "You aren't scumming up my pool with all that cum!" Ashley announced.
Holding the hose in one hand and using the other hand to scrub my skin, she roughly rinsed my body, taking little care how rough she was with my cock and balls. "Turn around!" she commanded, and she repeated the rinse, including shooting water up and down the crack of my ass and the inside of my thighs, like she was rinsing a short haired dog.
"Girls, there is a shower in the pool house. Go get cleaned up and hurry back up here and we'll discuss clothing arrangements," Ashley softly offered. Obviously, I was going to be low person on the totem pole at this house...and I found out I was very turned on by that. I started to get an erection as Angie and Tess hurried off to shower.
"Joey, I think your boy toy likes his new role," Ashley winked at Joey. "We may have to see about longer arrangements some time. I think we can definitely keep him for the weekend, don't you think?"
Joey reminded Ashley that she found me and was not willing to give me up, but would definitely share me if the situation warranted. They talked for several minutes about me and where I would stay and what I would do, like I wasn't even there.
My mind was swimming with thoughts and hormones and fantasies deep in my subconscious. Was this something I wanted to explore? I guess a weekend stay would help answer that question. What the heck!
It wasn't long before Angie and Tess returned from the pool house. Ashley asked them if they would like to dress or remain naked for remainder of their stay. Angie said that she loved being naked and would stay like this if it pleased Ashley and Joey. Tess, on the other hand, decided that she was the new employee at the Center and probably needed to wear something for right now, but asked if it was OK if she wanted to turn in her clothes later as she became more comfortable with the situation. Ashley and Joey seemed pleased with both of the replies and Tess was handed a small dark blue G-string bottom and a matching string bikini top that looked like it would just barely cover her nipples.
As Tess put on the bikini, it was obvious that it wouldn't cover much. Angie helped her tie the sides on the bottom and the back on the top. Joey must have been at work on it, because with the thin material and no liner, there wasn't much left to the imagination. Her camel toe was obvious and you could count the goose bumps on her areola and see the distinct outline of her hard nipples. Her muscular legs and butt seemed sexier with the small bit of cloth covering it than she was naked. She might as well have been naked, but the dark blue suit on her hard, tanned body was very erotic.
While Angie was given a choice to be clothed or naked, it was obvious I wasn't going to be given a choice...at least not right now. "Men are required to be naked at my house," Ashley announced. "I hope that's OK with you...or you can leave now."
"That's fine with me!" I replied, but I was a little concerned what that might mean later after hearing the conversation about my treatment while the girls were showering.
"Alright, then," Ashley said. "Let's get our inspection over with. I thought I felt some stubble while I was hosing you down. You're due for your second laser treatment next week, so you still have some shaving that needs to be monitored, don't you?"
"I shaved in the last day, but I'm OK with anything you want to inspect. The laser probably reduced half the hair, but that cream you gave Angie and me to slather on probably has some additional hairs waking up," I offered.
"Spread your feet. Now bend at the waist and walk out like a crab on all fours with your butt up high," Ashley instructed.
As I performed as I was told, both Ashley and Joey proceeded to run the palms of their hands over my body, being particularly interested in my ball sack, ass, and anus. "Needs a touch up on your balls," Joey decided. "OK, stand up and put your hands on top of your head."
As I complied, my chest, back, and arm pits were subjected to the same close inspection. Tess and Angie were grinning broadly. I think Angie was even sneaking a feel, too. My cock was now fully engorged by the humiliation and the attention.
"I'm glad you're hard," I was told. It will make it easier for us to shave those stray hairs on your balls and shaft."
"Girls. Take him to the pool house and shave him and take care of any stray hairs you may want to take care of on yourselves and be back up here in 20 minutes." Ashley directed. "There are razors and shaving gel on the countertop by the sink. Joey and I will lounge by the pool and discuss your activities while you are here. Hurry back...and NO sex, you horny bitches!"
Off we went to the pool house while Ashley and Joey wandered over to a table that already had glasses and pitchers of drinks. Angie had me by my erection while Tess had me by the hand.
Since we were under orders to not get off track and we had a time constraint, the girls were all business, feeling for stubble, stretching my ball sack, catching a stray hair on my butt or back, and making sure I was baby smooth. I guess I need to shave in better lighting. They found more than I thought I would miss. The girls then quickly inspected each other and caught any hairs they had missed on their grooming. They had been shaving body hair a lot longer than I had, so they didn't have many missed spots. It was fun watching them explore, though. A quick shower and then we were back out to the pool for further instructions.
Upon our return, I was told that the pool needed its first cleaning of the season and the girls needed to work on their tans. I was pointed in the direction to where the vacuum hose and other pool supplies were in the storage area of the pool house. I had been a life guard in high school, so I did remember how to set up the equipment and didn't need to ask many questions. I will say, I never got the opportunity to life guard in the nude, though.
It was not quite 8:00 when I started. The girls were nice enough to put sun tan lotion on my back where I couldn't reach, but they were instructed to not help me with the other parts of my body so they wouldn't be tempted to get ramped up. I was interrupted every so often to go get more drinks or apply sun tan lotion to each woman as she turned or repositioned herself. Between my lotion duties and watching the four naked and nearly naked women while I worked kept me at least semi hard for the two hours or so it took to clean the pool.
The low sun angle did help get some sun on the side of my torso and legs. I had what I would call a decent base tan already, but I was not near as dark as I could get. In the winter, I go to a tanning bed, but in the warmer months, I try and get natural sun, which isn't always easy to do naked unless you are set up like Ashley was. I was hoping to start including spending time here in combination with my workouts. In fact, now that it was getting warmer, it might be that doing laps here would make sense, but I wasn't going to assume anything. I was pretty sure I was here for the weekend. What I would be doing, whether I would naked for the next 72 hours, who would see me naked, and what Ashley and Joey had in mind, was a new story just getting written.