Saturday morning, and Gretchen slept in. About 10:00 Petra called her and said she would pick her up at 11:00. Gretchen asked what they were going to do, but Petra just laughed and told her that it would spoil the fun if she knew. Gretchen stayed naked until Petra called again saying she was right outside the building. Gretchen pulled on her underwear, jeans shorts, and a tank top, stepped into some sandals and bounded down to Petra's car.
"So what are we doing?" Gretchen asked as they pulled out.
"I thought a day at the beach would be good."
"Wait, I didn't bring a suit. Oh, we're not going to some nudist place are we?"
"No," Petra laughed, "then I'd have to get undressed too, and this is your kink not mine. Besides, you want to be naked where you're not supposed to be, right? I have a suit for you, don't worry."
"Hey, don't take that kink comment the wrong way, okay?" Petra continued after a bit of silience. "We all have our own kinks, and that's what makes us interesting. This one is yours and that's cool. It's just not mine."
"So what is yours? You never talk about yourself," Gretchen asked.
"Maybe if you make it to day ten I'll let you know."
They got on the highway to head to the beaches, and Petra pulled over on the shoulder. She reached back and pulled a bag in to the front seat. She handed Gretchen a white two piece swim suit, and told her that she should put it on. Changing clothes in a car along the Interstate seemed pretty tame to Gretchen now, so she peeled down her shorts and panties, pulled on bikini bottoms, removed her bra and top, and with a giggle, put on the bikini top. The bottoms were actually not too radical, sort of a Brazilian type cut. The top was strapless, but covered her fairly well. The fabric seemed very thin however, and neither top nor bottom were lined. Her nipples showed as prominent bumps in the top, and with no hair down there the crevice of her vulva was easy to spot. Her tan lines did not match the bikini bottoms, and the white skin around the fabric just made it seem more revealing.
"Fits me I guess," Gretchen commented, "but it doesn't really hide very much. Where did you get it?"
"Amazing what you can find on the internet. Now here's the deal. You're wearing nothing more than that bikini until I drop you back at your place. The drive out there, on the beach, off the beach, all the way home. Got it?"
"Wow. You've put a lot of thought into this stuff," Gretchen said with a grin.
"Hey, what are friends for?"
Petra pulled out onto the highway, and they drove the better part of an hour to the state park. The park consisted of a bunch of dunes along one of the Great Lakes, with some decent beaches. It wasn't Waikiki or South Beach or anything, but on a summer day in the Midwest, it was a nice relief from the heat and humidity. Petra paid the entrance fee, and found a spot to park. As they walked to the beach it started to sink in to Gretchen about how hard this would be. Petra had a gray tank dress over her swimsuit, and carried a beach bag with their stuff. Everyone else around her was wearing shorts and T-shirts or some kind of cover up. She was the only one walking around in a bikini, and one that didn't hide that much. Guys were checking her out constantly, and girls were giving her dirty looks that said "Slut!"
It got better on the beach, just because now other girls were in their bikinis, although guys were still looking at her a lot. They walked for a while until the crowds thinned out, and Petra picked out a spot. They spread out their towels and sat facing the lake, watching the waves come in. Petra peeled off her cover-up, revealing a black bikini that Gretchen had to admit made her friend look pretty good. It wasn't as revealing as Gretchen's, but she was sure guys would be checking out both of them. Petra put sunscreen on herself, and handed some to Gretchen.
"Let me get your back," Petra suggested as Gretchen finished up her front. Gretchen laid down on her stomach and Petra squirted a bunch of lotion on her back and down her legs. Petra rubbed it all over her back, and then undid the top to make sure she got under it. Then she did the backs of Gretchen's legs, working her way up to her butt. Gretchen had to admit that it felt really good. Laying in the warm sun, the feel of hands rubbing lotion in, it was delicious. As Petra's hands got closer to her butt, she wondered what her friend would do. She knew it would be weird, but she was hoping that Petra would rub the lotion on her rear, it all just felt so good.
Petra did not disappoint her. She worked her hands up to Gretchen's ass, and then focused in on rubbing the lotion into her cheeks. She even pulled the suit up into kind of a wedgie to expose most of her friend's rear end.
"Leave your suit bottoms like that, it will give you a good tan." Petra laid down next to her. Gretchen re-tied her top, kneeled by her friend and returned the favor. She put lotion on her hands and started rubbing it into Petra's back and shoulders. Petra had wonderful olive skin, and her body was trim, if not as athletic as Gretchen's. Gretchen wondered to herself why Petra didn't dress more to impress. She certainly looked great in a swimsuit. Gretchen undid Petra's top to get lotion all over her back. She thought briefly about pulling her friend's top off, but remember the comment about exhibitionism being Gretchen's kink not Petra's, she thought better of it. When she was done with the back, she started working up Petra's legs, rubbing them a little longer than was strictly necessary, but she wanted Petra to feel a good as she did. She got up to Petra's rear, and she realized her heart was racing. She put more lotion on her hands and began rubbing, working her hands up under Petra's suit. She pulled Petra's suit up to make it more of a thong, and noticed that no tan lines appeared. "Hmmm," she thought to herself, "an unexpected side to Petra."
Petra reached back and pulled her suit in place, but she had a wide smile on her face as she thanked Gretchen, saying it felt really good. Gretchen laid on her back to soak up some rays. Petra leaned over and told her to spread her legs some, to give people walking by a good show.
"Wider. A little wider. Good" Gretchen's feet were now almost three feet apart, and she was sure that someone walking by would know for sure that she was shaved down there. The feeling of being exposed was making the pressure build up inside her. She propped herself up a bit on her elbows, and watched the lake and the occasional person walk by. She was definitely attracting attention from the guys who passed by. Most of them tried to look like they weren't staring, but some of them openly gawked. The whole thing turned Gretchen on immensely, and it was all she could do to not play with herself.
They girls flipped over after a while, and soaked up more sun. Soon they were both roasting hot, so they decided to go in the lake. In the only really acceptable way to get into a cold lake on a hot day, they ran down into the waves and dove under.
"Omigod, cold, cold, holy crap is that cold," Gretchen sputtered as she came up. They laughed at each other as they hurried out of the water. Gretchen looked down, and almost had a heart attack. She was naked! Well, alright, she wasn't naked, but the suit had become see through. Not wet t-shirt kind of see through, closer to Saran Wrap kind of see through. She could see how pink her nipples were, and the cleft of her sex was in plain sight. She might as well have been wearing nothing.
"Petra," she hissed, "look at me."
"Yeah it is a bit extreme, huh? It will go back when it dries out. But for now, get your hands down. Let's go lay down."
The walk back to her towel was excruciating, knowing how she was displayed. As soon as she got to her towel, Gretchen flopped down on her belly as quick as she could, but Petra made her roll over and spread her legs again. This time Gretchen covered her head with a towel. She just didn't want to see who was looking at her displayed like this. In her mind, she imagined the guys leering at her, the girls looking at her like she was a wanton slut, maybe the rangers coming up and arresting her. The thoughts led to darker fantasies and she was soon much more aroused that a person should be on a public beach.
"Let's go get a bite," Petra broke her reverie. Gretchen looked down, and her suit was no longer see-through, although it had dried conforming to her body. She got up and the two of them walked up the beach a ways to where there were some buildings and concession stand. As they stepped off the beach, Petra pulled on her cover-up, making Gretchen feel even more exposed. As they stood in line, Gretchen could feel all the eyes on her, although thankfully Petra carried most of the conversation, distracting her a bit from her exposure. They ordered a couple slices of pizza, and went and sat on a low wall facing the buildings..
"Keep those knees apart," Petra instructed as they sat. Gretchen sat with her legs spread wide and facing the exit of the men's changing room. Basically every guy who came out stared openly at her crotch. She looked down frequently to make sure that she was still legally covered, but even with that, you could see the folds of her sex.
After lunch, they went back to their towels, and soaked up the sun. Petra dragged Gretchen into the water again, and then made her do it two more times on her own. Each time the show she gave made her even hornier. The last time she came out of the water, Petra met her with all the stuff in her bag, and said they should go. It was after 4:00 by then, and the beach was emptying out, but the idea of walking to the car with the suit so see-through made her stomachs do flip flops. Gretchen hesitated, but Petra started off, not giving her any chance. She caught up, and they walked out to the parking lot. Gretchen saw many people do double, or even triple takes looking at her, and one woman even told her to cover up and called her a tramp.
By the time they got to the car, Gretchen was trembling. She climbed in, and smiled embarrassedly when Petra asked how she was doing. She was so overcome with emotion, it was hard to talk. Over fifty people had just seen her close enough to naked to not make any difference. Her heart and her pussy were throbbing, and she felt like every nerve in her body was buzzing. It was an intense experience. Petra got them out of the park and headed to the highway. She looked over at Gretchen and smiled.
"Hey, are you okay, you look a little freaked out."
"More like turned on. I can't believe I did that. All those people, it was so intense."
"Hey, we both know what you really need. Just go ahead and do it, I'll bet it makes some trucker's day."
Gretchen looked at her friend for a minute, stunned. She realized that she had masturbated in front of Petra every day for the last three days, but it really hit her as strange that it was becoming a normal thing. But the truth was that Gretchen was desperate, so with a smile she reclined her seat and slipped her hand down her bikini.
"No, make sure you give the truckers a show. Pull the bottoms down, and take off your top. Gretchen giggled a bit as she removed the top and pulled the bottoms to her knees. Soon she was going at it, breathing hard and writhing in the seat. She closed her eyes as she got closer to climax. She arched her back and diddled herself for all she was worth. Suddenly, she noticed that the road noises seemed louder than they had. She opened her eyes to see that Petra was driving right next to a truck, and the driver was watching her jill off. Just the thought of it pushed her over the edge. She actually screamed as powerful orgasm ripped through her. She slumped back in her seat, and Petra sped away from the trucker.
"That was mean," Gretchen panted once she recovered, "I thought you were kidding about the truckers."
"It seemed to be okay for you." Both girls started laughing hysterically as Gretchen got her swim suit on again..
Petra got off the highway and drove into a town about half way back to home. She pulled up to fast food place where you walked up to the window and then sat outside.
"You should be able to stay in your bikini here," Petra explained. They got out of the car, and went to the window to order a couple burgers. Gretchen got a lot of stares and a few scornful looks, but no one asked her to leave. They sat at a bench and Gretchen kept her thighs spread wide without even a reminder from Petra. When they finished they headed back to Gretchen's place. Petra parked about a half a block away, and they walked together to her apartment. As luck would have it, they ran into Gretchen's neighbors, and the girl who had seen her before burst out laughing when she saw Gretchen's outfit. As they passed each other, Gretchen could hear her tell her friends about seeing Gretchen in a towel, and then driving naked. Gretchen blushed all the way to her toes.
Petra came in, and they decided to download an old classic movie to watch. As Petra set up Gretchen's laptop, Gretchen got undressed. She decided that Petra had seen her naked enough lately, and she liked having a rule about being naked when she was home. She told Petra as much when Petra raised an eyebrow at her being naked. Petra smiled a knowing smile.
"There may be hope for you yet girl." They sat next to each other and watched the film, laughing and maybe even crying together. As Gretchen sat naked next to Petra, the laptop across both their laps, her thigh touching Petra's, she pondered how weird this was, but also how nice. It felt somehow liberating to be acting on her secret fantasies.
After the movie was over Petra hooked up her camera to the laptop, and downloaded a couple photos. "I snapped a couple when your head was covered. I thought you might want to post them," she explained. They chatted for a while, and then Petra announced that she'd better get going. As she got to the door, Gretchen gave her a big hug. It felt different, having her whole naked body touching Petra's clothed one. Different, but nice.
"Thanks for a great day," she said, and she kissed Petra on the cheek. Petra got a funny look on her face, said that she had had a nice time as well, and left. Gretchen wandered around her apartment for a bit, not sure what to do. She decided to post one of the photos, picking one that most clearly displayed her body. After that, she laid in bed, and with the lights on and the blinds open worked herself to another orgasm before drifting off.