Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the previous part. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
Part 05
DAY 09 - The third day of my 'enslavement'
******
Luke did wake me by rubbing my clit and when I realised that my pussy was no longer sore I asked him to fuck me.
"I had 19 orgasms yesterday." I said after Luke had fucked me to my first orgasm of the day.
"No wonder that you were knackered, although I suspect that the 3 proper gang-bangs contributed quite a bit to that."
"Probably."
After my bathroom routine I went out onto the balcony to greet the new day. Both Dani and Wren were sat on there balcony, both with wet hair, like me.
"Are you okay Emily?" Dani asked.
"Yes, thank you."
"No regrets?"
"Hell no, my bucket list got a bit shorter yesterday. What are you 2 doing today?"
"Party boat, we've heard that it's good. Rumour has it that the boat's crew aren't bothered what the people get up to."
"Sounds fun. How often do the run them?"
"Every couple of days I think."
"Let me know how you get on, I might just go on 1 later in the week."
"What are you doing today Emily?" Dani asked.
"Out with the guys again, I've no idea where we will go, or what they will get me to do."
"Maybe they'll gang-bang you on the beach." Wren said.
"That would be nice." I replied.
Will came out onto the balcony and asked if I was ready. I said bye to the girls and went and asked the guys what they wanted me to wear.
Luke gave me another of my strings-only G-strings and a strings-only bikini top. The G-string was one that I had made, the string that goes from back to front splits at my vaginal entrance and goes either side of my clit before joining into 1 as it comes out of my slit. When I pull it up hard it squeezes my clit and makes it stick out more.
We set off towards the car hire place and stopped at the same breakfast cafe. Luke again re-arranged the chairs so that I could flash the people walking down the street from the hotels to the centre of town. The same waiter served us and I lay back in the chair hoping that someone would come along soon and look over to me.
Low and behold, it wasn't long before the 2 nerds appeared again. This time they went straight to the same table so that they could look at me.
"Just ignore them." Luke said when I mentioned that they were there. "I doubt that they'll find us today, where we're going would mean them catching 2 buses."
"Is that my phone that you're looking at Luke?" I asked.
"Yes, I'm just sending a couple of photos to your apartmentmates."
"No, please don't, I've got enough explaining to do when I get back home as it is. Which photos?"
"Last night's 3 hole gangbag."
"Noooooo, please don't."
"Too late, I've just pressed 'send'."
"I'm definitely going to have to find somewhere else to live now. What text did you add?"
'your room mate is the perfect fuck toy'
"Shit, I'm deep in the brown stuff now."
"Maybe not, maybe they want a little fuck toy, a play thing. They're not gay are they?"
"I doubt it, they do talk about the girls that they've bedded."
"I might just have given you a 'happily ever after' job."
"I doubt that, more like an apartment hunting job."
Then I thought back to before I saw Luke with my phone and wondered just where it was that needed 2 buses, but I didn't say anything. When I caught the eye of 1 of the nerds I waved to him and spread my legs as wide as the chair would permit. I'm a naughty tease, I know.
I did get looked at by 1 lonely looking man, and 2 teenage girls. The man just did a double take but the girls stopped and had a little conversation while they both looked at me, before walking on. I couldn't hear what they were saying.
I still had my legs spread wide when the waiter brought us our food but I don't know if he saw my pussy, he didn't give any indication. Luke said that he's probably seen hundreds of pussies over the years.
At the car hire place the man was there, so were 2 male customers who were looking over another Jeep. I coughed to make sure that they knew that I was there, then I slowly took my top then G-string off as all 3 men watched me, watching them. It's such a turn-on when I strip with men watching me and me watching them.
Luke had seen what was going on and delayed telling me to get into the Jeep until a few seconds after I was naked.
Will was driving and Harry was in the back with me. When his hand went to my pussy he asked if I was sore after last night's fun.
"No, I'm up for anything today." I replied.
"Good, we'll have to try to fuck your brains out again today then."
"Bring it on." I replied.
Will drove all the way along the main road to Ibiza town and as we got to the roundabout on the outskirts of the town we got stuck in traffic and Harry told me to unfasten my seatbelt and stand up.
I did, and then looked around. Most of the other drivers queuing were just staring straight ahead but a couple of them had seen me rise out of the top of the Jeep, and when they saw my little tits they really stared. The driver behind us was the luckiest because he could see my slit as I looked back at him and smiled.
Unfortunately, the traffic started moving and I had to sit down again.
Will turned right towards the airport, then a few minutes later he turned off and we went up to a roundabout. We took the exit to Ses Salines and I said,
"Hey, this is where I came to be a massage practice body."
"Oh yes, I remember you telling us about those out of the world orgasms, well I can't promise you any of those but we'll try out best." Luke said.
"Don't worry guys, I don't think that I will ever have anything like that again, I'm back in the real world now, and last night really brought me down to earth."
"Yes, it was good wasn't it." Luke said.
As we passed a turning on a sharp bend, Harry said,
"That road leads to a beach called Es Cavallet. It's supposed to be a bloody good beach but it's mostly gays that go there."
"Maybe we should go there and fuck Emily in front of the gays, let them see what they're missing. If her body can't convert them then no one can." Luke said,
"Why thank you Luke. I think. If you want me to stand in front of them and play with myself I will be quite happy to."
"I'm sure that you would Em," Luke replied, "you're quite a unique young lady."
"Again, thank you Luke, but I'm just a horny young woman having fun on her holiday, there are millions of us out there, probably 1 million in Ibiza right now."
"Yeah but you're not afraid to show it, most of them are."
"And she sure likes showing it." Harry added.
I smiled and was grateful that embarrassment was something that I didn't suffer from very often.
We turned left at the roundabout and joined the queue to get into the massive car park. I hadn't really noticed it when I'd been there with Manuel but here must be room for over a thousand cars there. That's one hell of a lot of people on that beach and I'd only been to 1 part of it.
"Wave at the people behind us Emily." Will said.
I guessed that he meant stand on the seat and turn to wave so that they could see all of my naked body, so I did and I was surprised to see a middle-aged couple in the front of the car and 2 young girls in the back. The woman looked horrified but her husband smiled and winked at me. The 2 young girls didn't even look up.
I sat down again and assumed that they weren't going to the naked part of the beach.
Will parked the Jeep and we all got out. Luke called me to the front of the Jeep and he told me to stand with my feet apart and my hands locked behind my head. I was stood in front of the Jeep, where all the cars were passing, slightly spread eagled as he rubbed sunblock all over me, pulling and twisting my nipples then finally rubbing my clit and finger fucking me until I orgasmed, right there with cars slowly passing by. No wonder it didn't take long for me to cum.
When we headed for the beach Luke asked me if I knew which way to go. I pointed to the path with a drinks lorry reversed into it. We squeezed passed it and went passed the toilets and the little junk shop to in front of the cafe. I was totally naked all the way and not even the lorry driver looked at me - not that I saw.
"Which way?" Luke asked.
"Right is where the sad people go, and left is where the liberated people go, I guess that it depends on if you guys are going to get naked." I said.
We went straight ahead and found a spot near the water's edge. I smiled as we walked, thinking that at least they haven't ruled out getting naked.
I flopped down on a towel, on my back with my arms and legs spread wide. The sun was heating my body and I was soo relaxed. Apart from the noise of the sea and the handful of kids that were nearby, it was soo peaceful. If I hadn't been horny I would have been in heaven.
After about 10 minutes I got up onto my elbows. There were kids playing with buckets and spades not far from me and if they had seen the naked woman it was obvious that they just didn't care. After all, a couple of them were naked as well. It's what kids do on a beach, and I guess that some of the adults there were thinking that I was a kid as well.
I wanted to do something that told the adults there that I wasn't a kid and that they should look closer at my body but I didn't, instead I turned to Luke and said,
"If you're going to do something to me or make me do something then I think that maybe we should move towards the nude part of the beach.
"You're probably right Emily. We will move, but not before you've wandered all around the prudes."
That I liked to hear and couldn't wait for the guys to tell me to go walkabout. I didn't have to wait long then the totally naked me got up and headed right into all the clothed people. I decided to look like I was looking for someone, just in case anyone said anything but they didn't. Lots of people looked at me, which made me feel good, but no one said a word.
I moved in and out and up and down looking at people to see if they were looking at me. I got to the other end of the people all too soon then decided to walk back along the water's edge. That gave me a whole new set of people to be naked in front of. This lot were either walking along to get some exercise, or using that excuse to look at people so a lot of them looked at me and my pussy started tingling. Needless to say that my nipples had been rock hard all the time. I tried to think back to when I'd seen them not hard, but I couldn't remember.
When I got back to the guys Will said,
"There you are, we were starting to think that you'd got lost or arrested."
"I've only been a few minutes."
"More like 30, anyway, we're moving on, away from all these sad people."
I had to agree with Will, but I smiled when I realised that he too was clothed.
We spread our towels again, about 60 or 70 metres further along the beach, not too far from where we saw the first nudes, other than me; and Luke was the first to take his shorts off.
He wasn't hard and I wondered if I should try to put that right.
I didn't, because a few minutes later he told me to swing my legs up and put them behind my shoulders.
"You want me to lick my pussy out here on the beach with all these people around? Don't you think that that's a bit risky."
"No more than me spanking your butt if you don't do it."
"Promises, promises, but can you 3 keep your eyes open and tell me to stop if you see anyone who might be offended."
"We can do that." Luke said.
I think that it might have been because of the slope of the sand, but I found that I did it a bit easier than I had done it the previous day, and my face was soon staring at my own quite wet pussy and open vagina.
I looked around to see if anyone was looking at me. They were, a couple and a man on his own had seen my legs go up and over but they looked more interested than offended. I looked over to Luke who told me to get on with it.
I did, and soon started to enjoy it. I tried to do what I had done to Dani the night before but it wasn't as easy. I could however, run rings around my clit with my tongue and my body responded nearly as quickly as if someone else was doing it.
I soon felt an orgasm building and was just getting to to point of no return when Luke tapped my head and told me to stop. I cursed as I looked up and saw a couple of kids waking along the water's edge with their parents (presumably). Okay, they're on a nudist part of the beach but a girl performing cunnilingus on herself is probably going a bit too far for them.
I watched as they got close and smiled and waved at the little girl when she looked over to me. She smiled but didn't wave.
Just as soon as they were passed me my tongue went to finish what had been interrupted. I had my second orgasm of the day.
When I came down from my high I opened my eyes and saw a couple of young men just in front of me, looking down at my open vagina and anus. I nearly came again.
"That was worth stopping for wasn't it?" Luke said to the men, but they didn't respond so I guessed that they couldn't understand English.
I looked up at them and smiled. That broke the spell and they both turned and walked on.
I was still very horny and my tongue went out and found my clit again.
"Stop that Emily." Luke said.
I did, but turned to Luke and glared at him.
"I need to cum again." I said.
"Not now."
I cursed and looked for any reason why he wouldn't want me to but I couldn't see anything.
"Please Luke?"
"No, one of us will take care of you in a bit, just enjoy the show that you're putting on and the sun that is tanning your inner thighs."
Luke was right, the sun was nice and my inner thighs hadn't been tanning like the rest of me. I resigned myself to the frustration and started to look around. The original people who had been looking at me still were and there was a whole bunch of people heading my way. The would pass me less than a couple of metres from my butt and head.
I patiently waited and when they got close I saw that some of them were looking at me and a couple of them were nudging the ones that weren't looking at me.
"She's flexible," one of the women said, "I wish that I could do that."
I smiled and thought that there was no way that the men were thinking like that. I felt my pussy muscles involuntary clench then release a couple of times and thought that I was going to cum without my pussy actually being touched, but I didn't.
Most of the people walking by kept looking at me, but still walking, until it would have hurt their necks to still look at me. I was happy and grateful to Luke for stopping me from licking myself because I might well have been cumming when those people passed me and missed the looks that they gave me.
While I was looking around to see who was looking at me, I saw a man that had lots of piercings all over his body, and when I looked down at his cock I saw about half a dozen studs and rings through piercing on his cock. I was amazed and just couldn't understand how he could fuck, or wank, without causing damage to either him or the girl that he was fucking. I'd hate to have that cock pounding in and out of me.
The girl with that man also had lots of piercings all over her body, including her nipples and lots on her pussy. At that moment I decided that I was going to get my nipples pierced when I got back to England, but I wasn't too keen on the idea of getting any in my pussy. The only one that I might consider is my clit hood but I'd have to think about that some more.
I told Luke about the couple and he looked over to them.
"Jeez, I'd like to see them fucking."
I laughed then told him that I was going to get my nipples pierced.
"Not here in Ibiza I hope. That would spoil your fun for the rest of your holiday, I'm told that piercing makes your nipples really tender for about a week."
"Hell no, I'll wait until I get back to England."
"Have you realised that nipple piercings will make you look older, there aren't many 12 year old girls with pierced nipples."
Looking 10 years younger than I really am occasionally has it's advantages and I kept thinking about it, then I remembered that I'd be able to take the rings or barbells out whenever I wanted. Problem solved.
"I'm still going to get it done." I told Luke.
"Fair enough, your choice."
The guys told me to stay like that for ages, and quite a few people walking along looked at me and must have had a good look at my open pussy and butt, before they finally told me to put my legs back to where they normally are, then they told me that we were going to the cafe for a drink and a snack. Well I'd been to that cafe naked when I was with Manuel so I knew that I could get away with being naked in there, and people did just ignore the fact that I was naked, well most people, there was a couple of women who gave me disapproving looks but who cares about that.
When we left the cafe Luke told everyone that we were going looking for a semi-private place where they could fuck me. I was pleased about that because it was the middle of the day and I'd only had 2 orgasms so far that day.
Luke said that we could walk along the beach then up onto the rocky area, telling us that there should be some little beaches in amongst the rocks. That sounded good to me. If I'm going to be on my back or hands and knees I would rather it be on sand than rocks.
His other alternative was that he had read that there was supposed to be a track from the end of the car park that goes through the woods and comes out somewhere in the rocky area, or, if we turn left somewhere, comes out at the gay's beach.
Will and Harry fancied walking along the beach, so that's what we did. It meant that we had to walk passed something like 100 or 150 people to get to the rocky area and I wondered what people might think about 3 tall, handsome men walking with a petite, naked girl. I had visions of them thinking that I was their little sister and that they were talking me somewhere to incestuously fuck my brains out, or that I was their slave and that they were going to fuck my brains out, which was actually true in a way. Whatever they were thinking I didn't care. I was going to get fucked and I was looking forward to it.
Just after we'd got to the middle of the people Harry and Will pounced on me. I screamed as they lifted me up between them and held me in the spreadie position. I begged them to put me down but they knew that I was just saying that for effect. Then they started walking with me spread like that.
My begging was attracting attention and people were turning and looking at me and my spread, open pussy. Oh my gawd was that a turn-on, Not only were people seeing me naked but they were seeing ALL of me naked.
Harry and Will slowly walked with me like that right until the number of people looking at me dropped to zero, then they put me down. I reached up and kissed both of them on their cheeks and thanked them.
We continued walking with my pussy tingling like hell.
The 'path' along the 'cliff' top was on the rocks and not at all even and Luke was right, there were little sandy patches, some that went down to the water. Just about all of them had mostly naked people on them. Finally, we saw one patch of sand that was big enough for us and it was in full view of people walking along the 'path'. It was just beside a much larger area that had quite a few people on it.
We climbed down and some of the people on the larger area watched as we walked round to the smaller area. Then Will said,
"On you hands and knees slut."
I complied, making sure that my knees were well apart. My pussy was dripping in anticipation of what was to come.
They took it in turns, 1 fucking my face and 1 at my other end, and the third 1 taking photographs and looking around for any potential problems. It was Harry's turn at my lower end and he asked if I wanted it in my butt or my pussy.
"Pussy please."
Seconds later my pussy and throat were filled and they rammed in and out of me, out of sync with each other and my body going back and forwards. I was so horny that I orgasmed within a couple of minutes, only my third of the day.
Luke was next to cum and he withdrew and covered my face with his cum.
Harry was last having given me a very pleasant fuck.
There was a bit of a rest for me then, and all I did was drop my head onto my hands, leaving my butt stuck up in the air. I heard Will tell Luke and Harry to look at the people up on the path who had stopped to watch us, and a couple from the attached beach who had heard my moans and come to investigate.
Will was the next to invade my nether regions. He didn't ask which hole I wanted it in, I felt his cock rub up and down my slit then I gasped as he pushed it deep inside my butt in 1 slowish, thankfully, push. Then he started fucking me at a relatively fast pace before I felt him deposit his load up my butt.
Meanwhile Harry had put his nearly soft cock into my mouth and I was sucking away to get it hard.
Unfortunately, Will didn't make me cum, and neither did Harry. It took a long time for Harry to be ready to cum again and my jaw was starting to ache but I kept going until he finally gave my stomach something else to process.
I needed the next rest that I was given. I again dropped my head to my hands but after a while Luke handed me a bottle of water and I gratefully got up and took a long swig before getting back on my hands and knees. They didn't say that there was going to be a round 3 but I just knew that it was coming.
It did, with Will ramming his cock into my mouth and throat before I felt Luke's cock enter my vagina. I assumed that he had worked out the I prefer being fucked in my pussy.
Luke fucked me deep and slow and it felt very sensual. Meanwhile Will had somehow got hard but it took quite a while for him to cum. I guess that he'd really emptied his balls into my butt.
My jaw was starting to ache again but I was partially distracted by Luke's slow fucking which was VERY pleasurable. It paid dividends and both Luke and I orgasmed at the same time, long after Will had pulled out of my mouth and had deposited his load all over my face on top of Luke's, by then, dried cum.
I need a swim. I said when I finally got to my feet.
"Don't get your face wet Emily," Will said, "I want so see dried cum on your face for hours."
"Okay." I replied as I slowly made my through the attached, other beach. As I walked some of the people there were looking at me, I guessed that they knew what I had just been doing. I smiled and kept walking.
After a relaxing swim where I nearly forgot to keep my face dry, I returned to the guys to see that they were ready to move on.
"So where are we going?" I asked.
"We thought that it would be nice to have a walk in the woods, they're nothing like they are in England." Luke said.
We had to walk back along the 'path' then we took a right along the track that was obviously used by vehicles servicing that second beach cafe. It almost instantly became clear what Luke had said about woods being different in Ibiza, the noise was almost deafening. The was a discussion as to what was causing the noise and the consensus of opinion was that it was crickets.
"There must be millions of them." I said.
"And it's only the male crickets that make that noise the female ones know their place and don't make a noise." Will said.
"That was a bit condescending wasn't it Will?" I said.
"Males are superior." Will continued.
"I hope that you are referring to the Insect world?" I returned.
Will said nothing.
Very quickly we came to a T junction and Luke said,
"I reckon that if we turn left we'll end up back at the car park and if we go straight in we'll end up at the gay's beach. Which way shall we go guys?"
After a bit of conversation we went straight on, Harry saying that it would be good for them to see a perfect example of a beautiful woman, and a good fuck. I laughed then thanked Harry.
Luke wasn't wrong and I asked him if had a photographic memory.
"No, I looked at google maps once then just applied my sense of direction."
"Well it worked."
The beach was a great one, very long and narrow, and with lovely sand. I could only see a few people laying on the sand and couldn't tell if the were male or female.
"Where's all the gays?" Will asked.
"No idea mate, maybe in the dunes, maybe at the other end of the beach, or maybe they only come out later in the day." Harry replied.
"Who fancies a swim?" Harry asked.
With that, everyone dropped what they had in their hands and ran into the sea. The guys started throwing me about and when I surfaced in front of Will he said,
"Shit, all that cum's gone off your face."
"You'll have to put some more there." I replied as he picked me up by by my pubic bone with his fingers pressing on my clit, 1 of then on my vaginal entrance, and threw me backwards to Luke.
After more messing about, we all got out and were stood getting dried when 2 men came out of the dunes together.
"I think we've found 2, shall we go looking for more of them?" Will said.
The other guys and me all quite quickly said, "no thank you." Then we laughed.
After that we continued walking along the beach and eventually came to some buildings and a small car park. In 1 corner was a little shop and Like got me to go and get some ice creams. He gave me a 20 euro note and it was only when the woman was serving me that I remembered that I was totally naked. Being naked had become so natural that I keep forgetting about it.
On the way there we'd seen quite a few people on the beach, males together and mixed couples. Maybe it wasn't a gay's only beach.
We slowly walked back along the beach talking about nothing in particular and found ourselves walking back into the woods and our ears getting attacked by the noise of the crickets. About that time 4 men appeared, walking along the path towards us.
It was only after we had passed them that Luke said,
"And you didn't even try to flaunt your body to them Emily."
"Shit, I must be ill or something, I just didn't think about me being naked. I guess that I need something to remind me that I'm a naked girl who is horny as hell."
"Would a good fucking do the job?" Will asked.
"It would be a good start."
"Bend over and lean on that tree." Will ordered.
I looked at him, smiled and walked to the tree.
Will gave me my fifth orgasm of the day. Shortly followed by Harry my sixth, and Luke my seventh. I was feeling more like a horny girl.
"Which way do you want to walk back to the Jeep?" Luke asked. "Stay on this track which I'm pretty sure will take us back to the car park, or head back to the beach and walk back through all the clothes people?"
"Both." I replied.
"Hmm, I know what we'll do," Luke said, "stay on this track and get to the car park, then keep walking out onto the road then head to the far end of the beach and then walk through all the boring people. If you 2 (Harry and Will) want to stop at the beach cafe on the way we can pick you up on the way back."
"Works for me." Will replied, "by the way, there's a lorry coming this way, I can hear it."
He was right, I was stood in the middle of the track and a lorry was heading right for me. Fortunately, it wasn't going very fast and I had plenty of time to get out of the way, but as it passed I could see the driver and the big grin on his face.
The truck wasn't the only thing coming towards us as we walked down that track. Several people were heading to one beach or another. They were pretending not to look at me but I had my sunglasses on and I could see where their eyes were looking. I was getting noticed again.
When we got to the car park it was quite full but there were people walking around. Fortunately our Jeep would be easy to find but I guess that nondescript cars could easily be lost in there because there were no row numbers displayed, and I suspect that some of the people wandering around were looking for their cars.
Luke seemed to manage to take us down the rows that had the most people walking on them and they all saw the naked girl walking towards them. Most just ignored me but a few stared at me. Of course I didn't know what they were thinking but I hoped that they liked what they saw and I hoped that the men were thinking about what they would like to do to my body.
Anyway, we got to the point where turning left would take us back to the beach and the cafe, and turning right would take us out of the car park. Harry and Will turned left and Luke and me turned right. I was about to walk down a public road naked apart from flip flops and sunglasses.
My pussy started more intense tingling as we got to the barriers where 2 money collectors were. Neither of them batted an eyelid as we walked right passed them. Footpaths don't exists on roads out there so we were walking down the side of the road within centimetres of the cars that were coming and going. I watched heads turn to watch me for as long as they could.
At the roundabout we turned left and walked passed the entrance to another huge part of the car park before coming to a shop on the right and a cafe on the left. Luke guided me across the road to where a group of people were standing. Just as we got to them a bus pulled off the road and people started disembarking.
All of a sudden I was in the middle of at least 50 people, a few of which looked me up and down as they were either getting off or on the bus.
As Luke and I emerged from the crowd he asked me if I'd like a cold drink. After I said that that would be great he gave me a 10 euro note and told me to go into the shop and get 2 colas.
I was quite nervous as I entered the shop. That would be the first time that I had ever gone into a proper shop totally naked. There were a few people in the shop, and apart from looking me up and down, they ignored me. The the middle-aged man at the till also ignored the fact that I was naked. I wondered if he thought that I was a little girl.
Outside, Luke had sat on a kerb stone to wait for me and when I went out I sat next to him. There were still a few people milling around the shop entrance in front of us, and Luke pointed out that the way I had sat (like him) gave anyone who looked a great view of all of my pussy, not just my slit. I smiled and opened my bent knees a little more.
As I slowly drank the cola my eyes scanned the people to see if any were looking at my pussy. I spotted a couple of young men having a good look, 1 of them having spoken to the other when he first saw what he could see. I also saw 1 teenage girl staring at me for a few seconds.
As my cola started to disappear so did the people there, they'd obviously stocked-up and had headed to the beach. After we'd put the bottles in the bin, we headed across the road and down a little ramp onto the beach. There weren't many people right at the end of the beach but there was a place hiring jet-skis.
"I'm going to have a go on one of those one day." I said to Luke.
"How about right now." Luke replied.
"Hey, I wasn't asking, just mentioning 1 of the things on my bucket list."
"I know, come on."
We headed to the 'shed' where it looked like the hire people were and Luke made some enquiries. As they spoke I watched the jet-ski people watching me. Two minutes later Luke was putting on a life-vest and walking with one of the young men towards me.
"Hi there, Emily isn't it? I need you to put this on." He said as he handed me what was obviously a child's life-vest.
I started putting it on then realised that there was a strap going from back to front that had to go between my legs.
"Err, could you get that strap for me please?" I asked the young man."
He looked at me, smiled, then knelt in front of me. I moved my feet further apart and I felt his hand go between my legs, accidentally (?) brushing along my pussy as he went for the strap.
I deliberately moaned quite loudly so that there was no chance of him not hearing me. And when he fastened the strap and pulled it tight, I moaned again as the strap pulled against my pussy.
"There you go young lady," he said, "all ready for the action."
I smiled at him and wondered what he was thinking.
The young man turned one of the jet-skis, checked it out then told Luke to get on it. Then he told me to get on behind Luke.
"Can you help me up please?" I asked.
I was hoping that he might lift me up, but instead he bent his knees then held out a hand for me to hold while stepping on his bent knee. At least he got a great view of my crotch, even though it was covered by that strap.
After the young man went over the controls with Luke, Luke started off slowly, then opened it up. I was prepared for that and had my arms around him. Once he settled into a steady pace I relaxed and let my hands slide down until I worked my way into his shorts and started playing with his cock.
After a couple of minutes getting him hard he stopped the jet-ski and turned to me and said,
"Unfasten that crotch strap and come and get in front of me, facing me."
I instantly knew what he / we were going to do. And we did.
It was so 'different' going up and down on his cock as the jet-ski bounced along, in and out of all the expensive yachts that were anchored there. I saw a few people looking down at us but I wasn't able to see if they worked out what we were doing.
Luke came first, closely followed by my eighth of the day. I just sat on his slowly softening cock as we went in an out of the gaps between that yachts.
After a while I asked Luke if I could drive for a while. He agreed and we stopped and Luke shuffled back, lifted me up, turned me round and plonked me down. After explaining the controls I slowly set off getting faster by the second.
Luke had his arms round me, but as we both got some confidence, his hands started wandering, his left had sliding in through the arm hole of the life-vest and grabbing my left tit.
His right hand went down to my crotch where I hadn't bothered refastening the strap.
I leant back so that my pussy was easier to access and felt my clit being rubbed.
Shortly after that, and moving much slower, I had my ninth of the day. But Luke didn't stop and as the ninth subsided, the tenth rose up and exploded out of me. I'm sure that the vibrations from the engine contributed to the intensity of those 2 orgasms.
When I later mentioned that to Luke he told me that it must be nice to appreciate having something hot and throbbing between my legs. I laughed and said that it was.
Luke let me keep doing the driving and I had a great time zooming around, still with Luke's hands on my tit and pussy.
When it came time to return the jet-ski I drove in slowly and let it coast onto the beach next to the waiting young man. Luke still had his hands on my tit and pussy right until we stopped moving, but the young man was more interested in his jet-ski than what he could see.
That changed after Luke got off and I stood up, my feet were either side of the wide seat. The young man stared at me then said,
"Oh, that strap came undone."
"I unfastened it, he needed access to me." I replied.
The young man looked puzzled for a couple of seconds then a big grin appeared on his face. I wondered if he'd done the same thing with some lucky girl. I slowly lifted one leg over the seat giving him the opportunity to get a better look at my pussy but I couldn't see if he was still looking at me.
Luke got his valuables back then we continued walking to where Harry and Will were, right passed all the sad people who still had some clothes on. Luke and I walked straight into the beach cafe to where Harry and Will were and sat on bar stools next to them. I had to jump up to get on mine and I sat with a foot on either side foot rest leaving my pussy spread.
The only person to see my goodies was the barman, who must have seen a million tits, and possibly pussies in his time working there.
After another drink (Will was driving and was on the soft drinks) we got up and left. As we walked out we saw that quite a few people were leaving the beach and Will checked the time and told us it was early evening. We walked with a few people behind us and I wondered if any of them were looking at my butt.
Back at the Jeep Luke asked if I needed any more sunblock on, I didn't but said that I did and suggested that all 3 put it on me to save time. Again stood in front of the Jeep where cars were passing less that a metre from us, the 3 guys covered me concentrating on my nice bits. Both my butt and pussy holes got sunblock rubbed in them and I had another, wonderful orgasm, the eleventh of the day.
"Give them something to think about on the way back to their hotels." Will said as he got into the driving seat.
Will drove us back towards Ibiza, but when he saw a road sign to Playa d'en Bossa he turned right saying,
"I heard that this place is quite lively, let's go and have a look."
Yes, there were a lot of holidaymakers wandering around, and signs for quite a few nightclubs, but there were also quite a few policemen around.
"Better not push our luck here," Luke said, "too may coppers and I have only seen 1 topless girl so far. Judging by the number of cops this place must be full of criminals or drug dealers. I know what we'll do, how do you fancy a ride around Ibiza town. Maybe they have some traffic lights and busy road junctions that we'll get stopped at and there will be people to look at Emily."
"We could always kick her out of the Jeep and see how she copes."
"Hey guys, you promised to look after me and make sure that I don't get locked-up."
Luke was beside me in the back and he put a hand on my thigh and slid it right up to my pussy then told me that they would look after me and that he was only joking about leaving me on my own totally naked.
We entered the outskirts of the town and I saw more and more vehicles and people walking around. The first 2 road junctions were relatively quiet and no vehicles pulled alongside us and only 1 man walked passed us and he was looking down at his phone all the time.
As we approached what I assumed was the centre of town there was less traffic and more people walking about. Hardly any of them looking my way, and those who did only did so with a cursory glance.
I guess that Ibiza town does have some really beautiful scenery, and the view of the old town up the hill was spectacular - if you are a history buff, which I am not.
The harbour area was quite nice as well and Will took us down some very narrow streets with all sorts of fashion shops. I envisaged that the prices of the dresses would be way out of my price range.
On those narrow streets the Jeep had to come to a halt a few times and the naked me got spotted a few times but all I got was the occasional smile. I wondered if the stories of the wild nights with strange people wearing all sorts of weird outfits was true and that some of the outfits were as skimpy as I was currently wearing (nothing).
Anyway, Will steered the Jeep away from the centre and as we were driving down a street with lots of apartment blocks either side, he suddenly stopped and reversed a bit. To our right and was a kids play area. There were no kids there, but there was 2 men. Both had bottles in their hands and were taking the occasional swig.
"You see the seat opposite those 2 men Emily, I want you to go and sit on it, spread your legs and Jill off until you cum." Will said.
"You want me to put on a show for 2 drunks?"
"Exactly."
I looked at Luke and he shrugged his shoulders and said,
"It's starting to get dark, you need to hurry or they won't be able to see you."
I stuck my head out of the side of the Jeep, and seeing no one, I got out and walked over to the seat that Will had pointed out.
As I sat down, the 2 men looked up at me. One smiled. The other smiled as I spread my legs and let my fingers do the talking.
Just after I'd started, I looked around and up, I couldn't see anyone else in the play area, but as I looked up I saw that the play area was surrounded by blocks of apartments, apartments with windows. Anyone looking out and down would be able to see me.
That thought sort of helped me on my way to my twelfth orgasm of the day, but just as I was reaching the point of no return, the street lights came on and I was flooded with bright light. The drunks were still just staring at me but as I looked over to the guys I saw a group of teenage boys entering the play area from the guy's direction. They must have seen them but they were happy for them to walk directly towards me.
It was too late for me to run and hide and the orgasm started. The teenage boys saw me and they arrived in front of me as my body was jerking and I was verbally letting the word know about my pleasure.
They were all talking, but in Spanish, so I hadn't a clue what they were saying, but they certainly looked to be enjoying the sight.
When I was able, I got to my feet and walked back to the Jeep.
"How was that guys, is that what you wanted?"
"Perfect." Will said as I climbed back into the Jeep.
There was no one at the car hire place when we got there and Luke got out a net skirt and a see-through halter for me to put on.
During the walk back to the hotel the guys decided that we were all going to have a quiet night, a meal and a couple of beers then an early night, all 3 guys saying that they were tired.
We all had a shower and the guys came and picked out a dress for me to wear. Needless to say that it was see-through and they, thankfully, told not to wear anything underneath it.
We went out and had a nice meal in one of the many cafes then headed to the bars where we sat outside one and had a beer. I got a few stares and the odd comment about my lack of underwear, but it was nothing that I hadn't heard before.
Well 1 beer led to 2 beers, then 3 beers then 4 beers, but after 4 they guys finally decided that they were going for their 'early' night.
When I got back to my room I heard Dani and Wren talking so I went out on to the balcony to talk to them. They told me that they'd had an amazing day on a party boat and that they were going again in a couple of days and that they were going to get their tickets on their way out later that evening. I asked them what was so great about it but they wouldn't tell me, just promising that if I went I would REALLY enjoy myself. As I had nothing planned for that day so I asked them to get a ticket for me.
I was giving Dani the money when Harry came into my room, it was his turn to spend the night with me and as soon as I went back into my room he told me to do my bathroom bit.
When I'd finished I looked at my bed and saw that Harry was fast asleep.