Ok guys, so a friend of mine had this interesting experience a couple of summers ago.. She wanted me to use this platform to describe her thoughts and feelings as the events happened. I hope you enjoy her story.......
**************************************************************************************
Hi guys. My name's Jane. I'm an architecture student at a University in southern England which will remain nameless. Because obviously, I don't want any creeps tracking me down and stalking me in the university library.
So I'm a 20 year old, wide eyed, 5'6'' blonde. I love art, architecture (obviously!) going to gym and hanging out with friends. I should also add, for the purposes of this story, that I am the proud owner of a pair of bouncy, bountiful E-cup breasts, which I simply cant hide! All the boys stare, even when I'm wearing a tight sports bra!
As I'm sure you all know, education is expensive. And well, I wasn't born rich. The child of a waitressing single mother, really, I have to rely on my student loan for a lot of expenses. Except, well, it covers my expenses as well as a g-string covers Kim Kardashians arse. So, like the mother I'm so proud of, I started waitressing. Put on a low-cut top and bosh -- the tips would start coming in.
However, It was still just getting me by. I was working hard, I wanted some disposable income!
So, I did what every young conventionally attractive girl did who was looking for a high income did in the 21st Century. I signed up for a variety of premium social media outlets, which let me get horny dudes to pay for my textbooks. You know the apps and sites I'm talking about.
Is started with a few topless selfies, and well, it got filthier and filthier.
Before I knew it I was oiled up and naked with a butt-plug in my arse and a 12 inch didlo in my pussy, moaning for tips and items off my wishlist.
My fans were really into public stuff. A flash in the supermarket, pulling down my leggings in the woods whilst out for a hike, that sort of thing. So I knew these would really bring in the cash as special videos to sell independently to my fans.
So this was all paying for textbooks and ramen noodles, with some extra cash for shoes and nights out too.
One day my friend Tor (real name Victoria) called up and told me about Zante.Tor was from a very wealthy family. She had gone to boarding school and was really into horses for some reason..... She was from a very different background to me, both economically and socially. But I got on with her better than anyone else on my course.
She saif herself and some friends were going to Zante in Greece after the exams. They were going 5 star -- of course...thinking of renting a boat......we'll have to stock up on champers in dutyfree....
Damn. This was gonna cost quite a bit. I asked how much I'd need to stump up to join in.
"I dunno babes, probably 3 or 4 grand. I'll let you know the deets once we've got it all sorted."
Her flippant response to the costs made me think the bank of mum and dad were paying for this.
"So you in babes? I'll have to let the other girls and the travel agency know..."
My accent and lack of a pony already made me feel different to the other girls, I didn't want to feel like I didn't belong with them.
"Of course Tor, count me in."
I wasn't really worried out the money, with the right content I could definitely bring it in. It would take a bit of brain-storming though.
The next day I went for coffee with my friend Bianca.
Bianca was from a similar background to me. And well... I mean this in the kindest way possible...she was a dirty, depraved slut. She'd had two threesomes and a foursome just this term. She'd even fooled around with me a bit, but that's another story for another time.
The reason I'm telling you all this is that basically, she's not at all sexually repressed, and she's not at all judgemental about what women (or men for that matter) want to do with their bodies. So she's been very supportive of my money-making endeavours so far. She's been camera-woman, director, lighting editor and so on.
So I told her all about what I needed the money for. She was being taken away to Greece for two weeks by a rich middle-aged couple. (No she wasn't paying.....)
I felt like I was in a marketing meeting for some Silicon Valley tech start-up.
"So, your fans love the public stuff. They loved you masturbating in the changing rooms. And they loved the topless rollercoaster ride too! I think we have to go down that route."
I agreed. "Yeah, that's what I was thinking. I'm not sure what though."
"Hmmm, we'll have to take it up a notch or two. I think we need some real risk of you getting caught."
"I know, worst comes to worst I can flirt with the police though!"
Bianca looked doubtful.
"I think we need to go somewhere without Police. Or at least where they have security guards instead of police. They'll be less likely to stick to protocol...."
"How about that big shopping centre on the edge of town. You know the big mall thing. A few security guards. I reckon they only get the police involved if there's some really high level shoplifting going on."
Bianca smiled. "That might not be a bad idea. What would you do there though? More hijinks in the changing rooms? A good old fashioned streak?"
I sipped my cappuccino thoughtfully.
"Maybe, I could just flash every now and then? Or change into the sluttiest lingerie I can find? Come out of the changing room, then ask the nearest guy what he thinks?"
"Might be a little on the tame side for you." Bianca commented. "How about you try on some bras....but not in the changing rooms!"
My eyes widened. And then my heart started pumping with excitement.
"Oh come on, I know how bold you are! And you have great tits!"
I blushed- but she was right, I had a cracking pair.
"Ok, but we'll need to plan this....are you going to be the camera-woman?"
"Of course." Bianca smiled devilishly.
One week later, on a sunny Thursday morning, Bianca's beaten up old Renault Clio swung into the shopping centre's car park. She had picked me up 30 minutes before, after I'd dressed in what I thought would be best. This included a pink, strapless crop top with no bra. To be honest it was basically little more than a strapless bra. It clung to my big tits, and once the air-conditioning had got going in the car, you could clearly see my nipples poking through the thin fabric. I'd chosen this because it would be easy to tug down quickly before trying on bras. It would then be easy to get it on quickly.
To go with the top I'd gone with a pair of short denim shorts. The daisy dukes stopped covering me just below the arse cheek. Under this, I hadn't bothered with underwear. I wasn't bothering on top so why bother downstairs! On my feet, just a simple pair of black flip-flops.
The butterflies in my stomach were going crazy. How was I going to do this?
Bianca got her camera ready in her palm and we stepped out of the car and started walking toward the entrance. As we entered, the sensation of heat beating down on my skin changed to a cooling breeze of strong air conditioning.
"Are you excited?" Bianca asked.
"At the moment it's mainly nerves! But I'm a little bit excited...I think once we get started I'll get into it. Then I'll start getting horny, and you know how crazy I can be then!"
It was true that usually my public exhibitions started out as nerves, and soon turned into an insanely heightened sense of arousal. My Hitachi would likely be busy when I got home......
The first pre-planned stop was M&S a quintessentially British department store with a large lingerie section. They served all tastes. Ranging from boring granny panties to saucy lingerie sets. So we sauntered back to the area with the sexy bras. I positioned myself near a nice pink set and scoped out the area. We were in view but there was no one too nearby. I gave Bianca the nod.
"We're rolling."
I put on a girly, coquettish voice and announced "So guys, I need some new bras as you guys have been buying all my used underwear sets! So here we are bra shopping. What do you think of this pink one? Cute? Let's try it on!"
And without further ado I tugged down my top to release my tits. Flopping out, I gave a shake to the camera. Bianca grinned. Picking up the bra, I seductively slid it on while looking at the camera, before reaching behind to fasten it. I cupped my breasts and spoke to the camera "A bit small for my big tits I think! Lets try another!"
I nonchalantly removed the bra and re-racked it, without putting my top on. We sidled over to the next rack. My heart was pumping. The thrill of the exhibition was beginning to get the adrenaline going. This in turn started a nascent tingling in my groin as I was starting to get turned on. I slipped on a frilly black bra and thrust my bust into the camera.
"How about this one guys? Bianca, what do you think?"
"Not slutty enough for you babes!"
I giggled along with, before slipping it off to re-rack it.
Suddenly a rustling sound met my ears, and I turned to see a short, grey haired woman bedecked in carrier bags.
"I wish mine were still as perky as that." She remarked, completely deadpan, and steadily sidled away. Covering my boobs after the initial shock of being disturbed, Bianca and I burst into giggles. My heart was really pumping and I was having fun now. My nipples were now stiffened and I hitched up my top to cover myself.
I addressed the camera, nipples clearly visible through the thin cotton. "Right, we've had our fun here, before we get caught again, let's move on to the next place!"
Strutting out of the shop, Bianca teased me about surprising old ladies. We walked down the mall, attracting a few looks from young men before entering the glitzy, spotlessly clean Victoria's Secret store. This store was a lot smaller, with a few staff roaming around. We headed to some red lingerie sets in the back corner.
Just before we got to them, Bianca told me we were rolling. Getting the bra ready to put on, I then scoped the area for any staff or customer. In a swift and smooth motion, I took down my top before quickly strapping in. The bra was cute, I thrust out my chest toward the camera and bit my lip seductively.
"What do you think boys? A bit saucier isn't it?"
I skipped towards an electric pink bra.
"But I think I prefer this little number....."
I released my breasts from the red bra before flinging it to the side. Shaking my tits side to side, I reached for the pink bra.
A small mousy voice suddenly piped up.
"Erm....excuse me ladies...." A petite, teenage sales assistant was stood there, holding the red bra.
I was gobsmacked. My tits staring her right in the face.
Blushing furiously, she mithered "We've got you on film. This isn't really appropriate, I'm going to have to ask you to leave."
Still topless and gathering looks I couldn't help giggling as Bianca apologised and hitched up my top. As I staggered out of the shop Bianca joined me in the mirth of the situation.
"Did you get it all on film?" I asked.
"Absolutely, that content's going to be dynamite!"
"Agreed. Who knew they'd be such prudes in VS?" My rhetorical question was left unanswered as we travelled a few doors down to the sex shop.
It's a sex shop. Surely we wouldn't encounter such a conservative reception here?
Sauntering towards the back, I saw a nice bright blue balcony bra that would push my tits up very well. Bianca got set and I un-racked the bra.
"Hi ladies, can I help you out with anything?"
A tall, curvy blonde had stepped out. With an employees lanyard, she smiled at us in a friendly welcoming way. She had blue highlights in her hair, and a nose and lip piercing. Looking down her body, a black vest top allowed her tattooed arms to show off the artwork. The vest was matched with a short dark denim skirt - there was brief glimpse of fishnetted thigh before over the thigh high boots took over. This vampish beauty was stunning! And she knew how to express her slightly alternative style to the max.
Bianca gave me a knowing look. I decided to go with it.
"Yeah just wanted to try this on, it's so cute!"
"Well the dres-"
I pulled down my top and began threading my arms through the bra. The shop assistant watched without any expression betraying her true thoughts.
Once I'd clasped it on, she burst into giggles. "You're not shy babes! I think you need the size up though!"
Un-racking a bra from further back she presented it to me. Slipping off the one that was too small for me I thanked her.
"I must say you've got a great pair of tits!" She gestured to the camera without a hint of concern "Do you girls do this often? Is it for your boyfriend?"
"Thanks!" I giggled whilst settling into the new bra. "And we do things like this occasionally. I have a LOT of boyfriends who enjoy this." She winked in understanding.
"Now, I assume you want panties to go with it? Thong or brief? Size?"
"Definitely a thong! Lets go for a medium"
She handed me the skimpy blue thong. I unbuttoned the shorts and swiftly kicked them aside. The shop assistant gave a brief look of surprise...she knew I was a slut but she was probably expecting something under my shorts!
Pulling them up around my waist I minced over to a nearby mirror and admired my reflection. I turned to admire my arse and asked the shop assistant "Do you think my arse looks good?"
"Stunning babe." She smirked.
"Wanna give the naughty girl a spank?"
Before I knew it a loud smack hit my arse and Bianca and the assistant were giggling uncontrollably. My pussy twinged in delight as they collected themselves.
"Do you have anything naughtier than this?" I pouted.
We walked over to a black lace set, which included a minimal g-string. The tiny triangle of fabric that was there was completely sheer. The bra was also transparent, it was definitely naughtier! Swiftly the blue set left my body, and stood there completely naked as I handed the bra and thong to the assistant. Teasing me about my nakedness, Bianca gave me a spank and even gave a quick rub of my pussy before I fended her off blushing. The situation was making me nice and wet by this stage.
"She's a stunning girl isn't she" the assistant directed at Bianca.
"Oh ten out of ten. She's a good sport too. Always up for a snog...." Pulling my face towards me she shoved her tongue firmly down my throat. I couldn't help it, I relented before her fingers started playing with my slowly stiffening clit.
Releasing me, she pushed me into the assistant, who had no hesitation in exploring my mouth either, as she simultaneously fondled my right breast. Behind me my friend began fondling my arse.
"Have you got anything to spank her with?" Bianca asked.
"Yes, just over here....." Holding my hand, she led me over to the bondage section. I was now several metres away from my clothes, if anyone came in I was in big trouble!
"So we have floggers like this..." The assistant held a flogger towards Bianca.
"Great, lets punish her for being such a dirty slut hey?" She grabbed my hair and forcefully bent me over a table of latex products. "Hold down her face so she stays still!" She complied, grabbing a bunch of my hair and firmly pressing my face into the table.
THWACK
The tails of the flogger beat against my skin. It was making me even wetter!
Thwack....thwack....thwack.
I groaned as my friend subjected me to the punishment. I was buzzing in horniness now, two sexy girls punishing me for being the little show off I was!
"I think we need something a bit firmer to really correct her slutty behaviour. Are you a little slut?" My face was pulled up as the camera was thrust into my face.
"Yes..."
THWACK
"Yes what?!" Bianca demanded.
"Yes mistress" I responded weakly, as my head was shoved back downwards.
SMACK!
This was a different sensation, it must have been a riding crop! It felt much sharper as it hit me on the arse. The assistant and Bianca said all sorts of dirty things to me as they took turns cropping my arse! Before long, Bianca piped up "I need to get this bitch on a leash, anything to help?".
I was pulled up by my hair and a collar was firmly attached to my neck. Bianca then clipped a leash to it. My nipples were then roughly clamped. I squeaked in discomfort but was roughly smacked "Shut up bitch!"
"On your knees!" She pushed me down. God this was hot! "Lets get her wet pussy some action, its what the little whore wants after all!".
A few smacks of the crop were administered as I crawled over to a display of dildos. I had no idea where my clothes were now.
The pair of them shoved me into the shelves, before allowing their hands and tongues to explore every inch of my body. Out of nowhere appeared a bright pink rampant rabbit vibrator, it was plunged into my pussy unceremoniously and whirred away. I moaned in delight as the assistant slipped out of her skirt. Her fishnet tights were mercilessly torn away from her crotch, before ripping off the skimpy thong too. She firmly grasped my head and guided me into her pussy. Dry humping my face, I felt Bianca continue to fondle my tits as she worked the vibrator into my pussy. Moving away from my face the assistant grabbed a box off the shelves. Before I knew it, she was wiggling her hips into a strap-on harness!
"Hey, let me join in too!" Bianca was slipping out her shorts and I got a glimpse of her smooth pussy before her healthily sized artificial penis was strapped on.
Pulling me by the hair, Bianca forced my mouth to envelop her cock, as I gagged I felt sharp talons grip my hips as another fake cock slipped easily into my sopping pussy. The two women choreographed their thrusts so as my pussy forcefully slapped against the hilt of one dildo, I was rocked forward to deepthroat Bianca's girthy lady cock.
"Time to DP this slut!" Bianca proclaimed. This girl really was filth....
I was rolled over on top of the assistant, staring into her face whilst in a kind of cowgirl position. Dragging me towards her face I felt some slaps on my arse before the sound of hot spit left Bianca's mouth, landing on my arsehole. She continued to spread the spit around my hole before gently probing the opening.
Slapping me in the face and pulling my hair she taunted "You love that don't you little slut!"
"Yes I do!" I whimpered.
"Now ask nicely for me to fuck you with my big cock!"
"Please fuck my little arse mistress, I'm your little slut, I need punishing!"
I then gasped as the girthy, saliva lubricated dildo entered my tight little hole.
"Oh girls, this feels so good, my two little holes all filled up!"
The girls cackled as the assistant probed my mouth with three firm fingers, before slapping me several times forcefully, calling me filthy names as she did so. Before long a bullet vibrator was added to my clit as my body began tensing up due to an overwhelming storm of stimulation!
And then.....
GUSH
What felt like a whole pint of squirt drenched the assistant and I yelled out in ecstasy in such an amazing orgasm. Limply I collapsed on the assistant, covered in my own sweat and squirt. Just as I was coming to my senses Bianca grabbed me by the hair and dragged me over to the camera.
"Tell everyone you're a little slut!"
"I'm a little slut, I love getting all my holes fucked...." I managed weakly.
"Say thank you to your mistresses!" the assistant slapped me.
"thank...y....mistre..." I could barely speak, drenched in my own squirt.
Bianca turned off the camera before congratulating me. We cleaned up and dressed, the assistant gave me a deep kiss as we left.
" No need to pay for anything, I'll sort it. Have a great day!" She winked as she handed me a piece of paper with her number on.
..................................................................................
Thanks to all editors.
If you enjoy my stories, please comment and send me feedback!