Like a lot of small companies over the past 4 years, the little company I partnered in couldn't weather the bleakness and we folded the company about three years ago, having gone from sixteen employees to just two of us. My partner isn't in good health so he retired and moved to a better climate and to be near family, leaving me here to manage our office assets. I've managed to lease out about half the space through a key man type setting, and am renting one little office room from myself. Our larger tenant is a lady a decade younger than me.
About me, well let's just say I'm a decade beyond my prime but still in good shape physically though I've lost those rugged looks of my youth and grown a more mature patina. And I stay horny.
As for her, and I'll just call her Tammy, she's more the girl next door type. Not a striking face but pleasant enough, and what I like to call full figured. Not a really woman, just curvy. And, she's a therapy counselor. Matter of fact, I have a number of friends, couples, that go to her office for marriage counseling.
Anyway, Tammy's space is separated from the rest of the office space by a door that locks from her side. You would think she would keep it locked but she doesn't, for some reason. Around the first of the month every month Tammy will come through that door and around to my office room to bring her monthly rent check. She always comes after normal working hours and usually starts calling out as soon as she comes through, loud enough to see if anyone is here on my side.
So, as for me being horny all the time, I have a habit of watching some webcam type porn on my computer here at the office after everyone else is gone for the day. I always am leery of those days at the first of the month, knowing that Tammy might come bopping in at any time. You see, her door isn't but a few steps from mine and I'd not have enough time to recover should she pop over right as I was engaged in relieving some cum. You have to understand, that cum relief is a daily thing. After all, one wouldn't want to suffer from SBU would they? That stands for Semen Back Up. I know, it's just a joke.
Tammy and I rarely talk and when we do it's usually out in the parking lot and nothing more than a hello and some obligatory comment about the weather. Two days ago was different. She and I happened to be walking out to our vehicles at the same time, well after all others were gone, and she seemed to want to talk a bit more than usual. She kept the conversation going for a few minutes, then blew me away when she asked, "You ever watch porn on your computer there in the office?" I could feel my face instantly blush which was all the answer she needed. Of course I stumbled and mumbled about having seen some but not as a routine. She knew I was lying. One thing I did notice though was that during my response her nipples got rock hard and made very noticeable bumps in her blouse, atop those ample melons she has for tits. Tammy simple smiled, turned and went to her car. Busted.
Like I said, that was two days ago. I was too scared yesterday to do anything and beat a hasty retreat out of the office as the others were leaving, but today I was super horny and really wanted to jack off. After the others were gone I looked out the windows towards the parking lot and didn't see Tammy's car. Good. So, I went back to my office, pulled up one of my favorite webcam porn sites, found a few models I wanted to watch, dropped my pants and underwear to the floor, and started rubbing my already hard dick. I was in my own world.
I don't honestly know if Tammy was trying to sneak up on me or if I had just zoned out everything but my focus on the screen, but at one point I looked up to my office doorway and there stood Tammy.
"Oh, don't stop on my account, Stud." Talk about caught! With my pants and underwear down around my ankles, my dick standing straight up but becoming flaccid by the second, all I could do was scoot my chair up close to my desk to hide myself. Tammy began walking in my office and around the end of my desk. "Like I said, there's no need to stop now. Here, let me help you."
At this point Tammy was standing at the end of my desk, even with the back of the desk so that I could eye my screen and her at the same time. As she spoke those last words she began to unbutton her blouse. I took the cue and slid my chair back from under the desk and turned at an angle facing halfway towards her and halfway towards the desk, and my dick was coming back to life as I stroked it.
Her eyes never moved from my dick as she tossed the blouse aside, reached around and unfastened the clasp on her mammoth bra and then allowed it to slip down her arms and off. Her boobs were much larger than I'd imagined, and have wonderful large, dark areolas with long, hard nipples that were already standing at attention. I was stroking at a good pace now, oblivious to the computer screen, and was once again rock hard.
Tammy unclasped then unzipped her skirt, dropped it down and stepped out of it, revealing a pair of panties that were matching to her bra in color and material. As she stood back upright my eyes shot instantly and directly to a huge camel toe and to my delight there were wisps of pubic hair escaping from each side of the panties as they curved down and under her pussy. I love a hairy pussy.
Tammy moved closer then knelt down at my chair, taking my dick into her hands and eyeing it as if it were some treasure. So slowly she lowered her head until I felt her lips lightly touch the head of my dick. She kissed the tip as lightly as a feather, then opened her lips and took the head in. Her lips were warm and moist and I sensed a bit of pre-cum juices escape. Tammy took more of my dick in, back out, then in again, deeper with each cycle. My head was swirling and my hips pushing towards her mouth, my energies building much faster than I thought possible. I tried to pull back but Tammy held close, refusing to take her mouth away and keeping her pace with her lips and tongue working my pulsing dick towards a building climax. With a strain and a loud groan I could no longer hold the energy and my cum burst forth and into her throat with each thrust.
As I relaxed from the climax Tammy pulled back a bit, and then looked up at me with a smile across her face. She opened her mouth for me to see my cum laying on her tongue, closed her mouth and swallowed, then reopened for me to see it gone. "Now, aren't you glad I stopped by?"
"Tammy, that was awesome, but what's in it for you, besides a high protein snack?" That brought a laugh from Tammy, as she stood back up. My eyes drifted back down to her cunt, still in that camel toe. Tammy moved forward, her legs against mine, leaned over me and put one of her nipples right at my face.
"I love my tits to be played with, and sometimes to be treated a bit rough. Not time tonight though, so just a little suck, maybe?" I gladly took the nipple in my lips and began sucking on it, pulling on it with my lips, flicking my tongue across it and around it. "OK, cowboy, that's enough for tonight." And with that Tammy started getting redressed.
"How'd you know I'd be in here doing this, and why did you come in?"
"Just a hunch about what you do here after work, since your business is so slow. As for me coming by, well let's just say I'm as horny as you are and maybe a bit more." She winked at me after that last part, and I seriously doubted her being as horny as I am, and I told her so.
I never even bothered to pull my pants up while I watched her getting dressed and by the time she was ready to leave my dick was all little and limp. Tammy stepped closer then reached down to grab it as she leaned over to kiss me on the cheek. "See you again soon, Stud." And with that Tammy was out the door.