It Doesn't End There -- Part 2


Friends become fuck buddies.

Glen and Mel had celebrated the second birthday of little Will Pashburn. He would have no brothers or sisters. Mel had had a very difficult pregnancy. Her obstetrician felt that subsequent pregnancies would not be any easier on her. She and Glen made the decision and at an appropriate time, Mel had her tubes tied.
Rags had been on birth control pills for years now but was getting concerned that the continuous taking of hormones might increase her chances of developing a cancer. As she and Mel talked about Mel having her tubes tied, Rags decided (with Phil's blessing) to have her own tubes tied as well. The two of them timed it so that Mel had her tubes tied first. During those first days when she was recovering from her surgery, Rags went over to help Mel during the day and Lori took over when she got off work at night. Then, after Mel was all healed, Rags had her tubes tied on a day when she had the next three days off.
But Rags wanted to take it a couple of steps further. "Phil, we now know that I will never bear any children. We also know that we like sex -- a lot. And we enjoy porn that features guys with nice bodies, big cocks and big balls. We like the pornstars that have the big tits and the big asses. I'd like to reward myself for having my tubes tied by getting my tits more enhanced than they already are and getting some butt implants. I want to be one of the girls we like to look at and fantasize about."
"Really Rags, as far as I'm concerned, and I'm sure that Matt and Glen would both agree with me, you're fine, just the way you are. If having that work done is something you want to do for yourself, go for it, you have my blessing. But don't feel that it is something you need to do for me just because we fantasize about pornstars with big tits. I can separate fantasy from reality and I am perfectly happy with you the way you are," said Phil.
"I really want to do this for myself," said Rags. "I know that not everybody likes fake breasts and a fake ass, but I think they look really sexy and I want to look sexy like that. It really is a me thing, although if you would tell me that you would hate it, I would reconsider, but you seem to like the same big tit pornstars that I do, so I'm thinking it will not be a problem.
"If you're sure that is what you want to do, I can guarantee you that I will enjoy it, too," said Phil. So Rags made the appropriate appointments with surgeons that were highly respected by the medical community for their work and had the work done. The butt implants took a while to heal. She was to try to avoid sitting during the healing process, but that was not hard for Rags even when she returned to work because most of her work was done standing, and even paperwork she could complete by putting the paper or the laptop she was working on on a counter.
Her tits were now bigger than a grapefruit or a softball, but smaller than a volleyball -- impressively large. Her nipples were still sensitive. Her hips were fairly wide and her ass was round and full. Her waist was still small and her abdomen flat so that when she dressed in lycra spandex her body looked like an artist's rendition of the idealized woman. Much of that was hidden under her scrubs that she wore to work, but around the house and when they went out, she turned heads and gave men erections as they looked at her.
Phil redoubled his efforts in the physical therapy gym and watched his diet and did take some food supplements (no drugs or steroids) so that his body was worthy to be seen with that of his wife. Then, at night, after Rags left for work, he went to the gym. The accounting firm made arrangements for a group membership for their employees, knowing that their work was too sedentary for good health. Over time his arms and chest became more and more impressive. He owned a number of spandex muscle shirts, some with a deep V-cut neck to show off his upper body. He would couple this with spandex pants and would look extremely hot.
Throughout the pregnancy Mel was concerned about what she would look like after she gave birth. Her mother had told her that it was important to follow her obstetrician's guidelines for eating. Lori had kept her figure after giving birth so it seemed wise that Mel would follow her mother's advice.
After Mel had given birth the doctor had given her some exercises to do but she was not always sure about her form -- whether she was doing the exercises correctly. Rags tried asking her physical therapist friend who still supervised Rags' and Phil's workouts and the physical therapist suggested that if Mel's husband could stay home in the early morning that Rags should have Mel come in at 6 AM when Rags came in and the PT would look at her form and supervise her exercises. The result was that before she had stopped nursing or had her tubes tied, Mel had a figure that, if anything, was better than before she got pregnant.
This happened much to Glen's delight and he lusted after his wife the way he did when they were in high school, in college and when they were first married.
Mel, while looking as hot or hotter than ever, wasn't always feeling it. The trauma of the difficult pregnancy and of childbirth and the changes they brought on to her vagina seemed to have caused her to feel a little uncertain about having uninhibited sex with her husband. It was like she was unsure of herself getting back into having carefree sex. In talking about it with Rags, she called herself a walking optical illusion. She admitted that she was capable of looking really hot, but she wasn't ready to act as hot as she looked. She thought that maybe the hormonal roller coaster that pregnancy and delivery put her on also may have caused her libido to lessen.
Rags had crossed the Rubicon. As long as she had been taking the pill, she could change her mind and she and Phil could still have children. Now the clock was catching up to her and she had had her tubes tied, which, as far as she was concerned, eliminated the possibility of having children. She and Phil had no regrets. After all these years, they still did not want to risk bringing a child into the world who would experience the rejection by their peers that they had experienced.
Rags and Phil were still having satisfying sex. They were both exhibitionists and enjoyed being as sexy as they could in public. Rags' enhanced body brought them even more of the attention they enjoyed as they showed themselves off in public dressed in slutty outfits. They even were members of two different sex clubs which they used as places where they could dress outrageously sexy and where they could fuck in public. They continued to buy new videos on sex techniques as well as books and magazines, but most of what they read were things they had read and tried before. They became inspirations that guided them in their choreography of their next public fuck.
Their traditional conservative values had been questioned somewhat. Traditionally, sex was for the purpose of producing children. They had turned their backs on that. Many traditional conservatives would condemn public nudity, yet Rags and Phil enjoyed flaunting their very fit bodies and even having sex if front of other people who enjoyed watching such things. On the other hand, they would never knowingly force their nudity or sexuality upon people who would not want to see such things.
And now Phil and Rags were beginning to experience what Mel and Glen and a lot of married couples experience a number of years into their marriage. They were running out of ideas of things they could do to keep their sexual relationship new, varied, vibrant and alive.
It was a Saturday afternoon. Rags would have to work at night, so they went to a beach in the late morning and showed off their bodies in sexy swimwear and walked around the beach looking for sexy people they might fantasize about. Then they came home to fuck and fantasize. But their fantasies turned to Mel and Glen. Both Rags and Phil heated up as they fucked an imaginary Mel and Glen.
Then, after the climax, as they lay next to one another in bed Phil brought it up. "There is no way that we are ever going to have children and no way that Mel and Glen are going to ever have any more children. We may think of ourselves as being conservative, but we've jettisoned the conservative ideal of marriage and family. We certainly don't have conservative views about what we like to wear or what we like to see one another or other people wear. I'm wondering whether it's time to rethink the good times we had with Glen and Mel. Maybe we are ready to go the next step with them -- that is -- if they are still ready to go the next step with us. A lot of water has flowed over the dam since then."
"It sounds like another dinner might be in order," said Rags. Glen and Mel had been over to the house a number of times -- so often, in fact, that there was a place for little Will to sleep and he was comfortable in it. The four of them often gathered for dinner and then to play a board game or game of cards and the conversation flowed freely. They would play until Will woke up and needed to be taken home or Rags had to get ready to go to work.
At these get-togethers Rags often wore fairly sexy outfits, and so did Mel -- one of the few places she did so. For this night when Mel asked Rags what she would be wearing, Rags told her, "A pair of booty shorts and a shirt tied up under my boobs, and all the accessories" (which meant earrings, navel jewelry and fuck-me heels).
Dressing for these things was one of the few things that made Mel feel sexy these days, and hearing what Rags was going to wear caused her to think of what she had in her drawers and closet that she had not worn for a couple of years now.
Glen and Mel arrived, Mel wearing a low rise pair of Daisy Dukes that showed off a lot of her gorgeous round butt and a tank top that had been cut off so that it ended right under her generous breasts which had grown larger when she nursed. Now, she almost always wore a good bra to keep them from sagging. Her chest looked amazing contrasted to her abdomen that she had whittled away by means of her exercise regimen so that she had a 23 inch waist.
Glen seldom saw his wife looking this good these days, so was really appreciating the view she was giving him as they entered Phil and Rags' house. Then the view of Rags just doubled his enjoyment. They ate a leisurely meal, sat in the living room and made small talk as Will played with some toys that Phil and Rags kept at the house just for him. Sometimes Phil would play with him, sometimes Rags. It was their way of giving the parents a little bit of a break, Eventually it was time to put Will to bed. Glen carried him to the bedroom and Mel followed their normal nighttime ritual. Will settled down so that the four adults could talk.
Phil brought it up. "It's been almost three years ago now since we talked about the times we met together in our micro-swimwear and pushed the envelope in our relationship with each other and as a couple. For all of us, times have changed. I can and will speak for Rags and myself. Three years ago we were afraid of abandoning our conservative values. Now, looking back, we see that some of them we have already abandoned. Three years ago we did not see that much need to spice up our marriage. Now we are experiencing that empty feeling like we have used up just about every idea we have ever had to keep our marriage alive, and sex has become somewhat repetitive.
"We understand that you two have gone through more change than we have and could very well be in a very different place in your marriage. I don't know what having a child does to a marriage. But we just wanted to tell you that if you would ever like to try playing around with us in micro-swimwear again, we have moved to the point that we won't put the brakes on it. We're not asking for a reply or a response tonight. And you don't ever have to reply if you feel that what happened then is strictly a thing of the past. Just letting you know that if you ever get in the mood for something like that again, we're in. Now, how 'bout we get out a few munchies and we play a game of Pinochle.?"
Glen dealt the first hand. But then the conversation started. "The way I see it," he said, "is that I get up in the morning looking all disheveled -- I've got bed head, bad breath, have to quickly go to the bathroom and often release gas -- rather noisily. I'll work at making myself presentable and do not look or smell too bad when I come to the breakfast table. Mel has gotten up and has taken minimal care of herself because she is getting breakfast ready for us and won't have much time for herself until later.
"She spends a good part of her day taking care of Will and the house, usually has supper waiting for us but then quite often goes down to the store to meet a customer and still continue to be a top sales person even though she has cut back to part time. I watch Will while she is gone, we finally put him to bed at night, barely have time to relax a little bit ourselves when we have to go to bed because tomorrow is another day. We hardly see one another at our best. Even if we have a date night it is just a break in the routine, but it is difficult to stoke the fires of romance when we are interacting with one another -- the same people who are not glamorous in the morning and are usually dragging at night.
"So I think I understand why people have affairs -- or at least one reason why people have affairs. They are going to meet up with someone who they only see at their best, and who only sees them at their best. That's much more like dating. And I think it probably brings excitement to the people having the affair because they know the person they are having the affair with doesn't see them with bed head or kiss them when they have morning breath.
"Now I don't want to have an affair with anyone and I certainly don't want Mel to have an affair. But if the four of us could create that excitement of being with the other's partner when we are at the top of our game, I think that could rejuvenate each one of us and rejuvenate our marriages as well. Maybe I haven't said it too well, but does any of that make any sense to you?"
"I think you are talking about the same thing as that old saying: "Familiarity breeds contempt," said Phil. We are at the point in our marriages where we are so familiar with our spouse and see one another when we are at our worst, that it is awfully difficult to put that all aside and suddenly feel as excited to see our spouse now with the same excitement and anticipation we had when we were dating and only saw our spouse at his or her best.
"You're saying that is one of the things that makes having an affair so exciting. The people having the affair see one another only when they are looking and acting their best. They don't have to contend with the images of the bed head or the morning breath.
"And I think you are then saying that if you and I and Mel and Rags would create for ourselves artificial affairs where you and Rags seduce one another without Rags ever wanting to steal you away from Mel and you never wanting to steal Rags away from me, we could give one another the excitement of an affair without destroying our marriages."
Mel spoke up: "I think that additionally my seeing Rags and Glen together would create enough jealousy in me that I would desire Glen more and the desire would help override the familiarity that is taking some of the excitement out of our marriages. It has the potential of motivating me to up my game when Glen and I are together instead of taking him for granted."
"I'll go back to the old dancing comparison," said Rags. "When Phil and I are invited to the Williams' for one of their parties that includes the opportunity to dance with a number of people, when I dance with Matt and I feel him get hard for me, Phil is the one who gets lucky when we get home. And I know there have been a couple of times when Pat has danced Phil into a corner and then put his hand on her ass, and I am the one who has benefited in bed.
"We've grown to really like you guys. I don't ever want to do anything that will harm your marriage. Both of us girls are surgically sterile. You guys have not fucked around. You're clean. I'd like to date each other's spouse when we get together. I think it could add excitement to our marriages.
"But if at any time any one of us feels it is getting out of hand we should say so and there will be no hard feelings, because our marriages are what are most important. What do you say?" asked Rags.
They continued talking along these lines and refining their thoughts until Phil tried summing it up. "So if I understand what everybody is saying, we are opening up the friendship that the four of us have to include sexual play between Glen and Rags and between Mel and myself. And this should be similar to what we started a couple of years ago before I got cold feet, namely, that we will play in the presence of one another. There will be no separate meetings with Glen and Rags while I am at work, and Mel will not come over to the house here to meet with me while Rags is at work. Is that everybody's understanding?"
Everyone agreed. "So we've got until Rags has to get ready to go to work. That's not a whole lot of time, but, obviously, I've given this more than a little thought. I ran across a chapter in one of our marital technique books that looked fascinating and I made two copies of it. It is called, 'What to Talk about When All You Can Think about Is Fucking.' I thought that maybe I could turn on some soft music. Then Glen and Rags could sit together at one end of the living room, make out, and talk about some of the topics in the article. Mel and I could sit in the love seat on the opposite end of the room, make out, and discuss some of the topics as well. What do you think?"
The other three wanted to look at the topics, but when they did, they all agreed it could be sexy. They also agreed that they would not divulge any of the answers to their spouses. That had the potential of possibly causing hurt feelings.
Some of the topics were:
What is your favorite position? What do you like about it?
What is one of your favorite fantasies?
What is a fantasy you definitely want to keep as just a fantasy?
What fantasy might you want to play out if the circumstances were right?
What are your more sensitive erogenous zones? How do you like them to be stimulated?
For the girls: What makes a man sexy?
For the guys: What makes a woman sexy?
What would you like to do on a sexy night out?
Describe the best sex you've ever had.
How did you lose your virginity?
Who is your favorite male pornstar? Why is he your favorite?
Who is your favorite female pornstar? Why is she your favorite?
What taboo sex is a secret turnon? Why?
Are there any sexual activities you are dead set against? Why?
If you turned to a website of erotic stories, what topics/subject matter would draw your attention? Why?
How often do you masturbate?
How often would you like to have sex?
What do you think about when you masturbate?
What do you do when you masturbate?
(Only after the couple has been together for a while:) Masturbate for me.
Do you like my body?
What do you think are my best features?
Do you want to fuck me? Why?
Describe what you think would be a great fuck with me. What would you want to do? What would you want me to do?
If you could bring a third person to bed with us who would it be? What would he/she do?
What is the absolute hottest thing I could do for you?
When we remember that both girls were looking good and were dressed to look hot, it's easy to understand why the rest of the evening spent in making out and talking about the questions went by very quickly. Had Phil not set the kitchen timer to ring at a time that would give Rags time to get ready for work, all four of them would probably have lost track of time and Rags would have been way late to work.
As it was they decided that they definitely wanted to get together again. Glen was hot, but not just to fuck. He liked this being with Rags when she was dressed so very hot and talking about sexy things with her. He suggested that they try to find a Friday or Saturday night when they could go out together. Maybe Lori could babysit Will. Glen would pick up Rags for a date and Phil would pick up Mel. The girls would be looking hot and so would the guys. They would meet up at a restaurant and eat a nice meal while shamelessly flirting: Rags with Glen and Mel with Phil.
Then they would go dancing. Keeping the same partner their dancing would be vertical foreplay. The dance club where they would go would be a real meet market and a lot of guys would hit on the girls. There was not much of a dress code, and the dress code they had was barely enforced. What was enforced was that there was to be no drug use and all activities between people was to be consensual. It would be the girls' choice if they wanted to dance with a cute third guy just to up the jealousy factor a little bit.
Glen and Mel had a number of friends and business acquaintances they knew they might meet at the restaurant and the dance club. Both Glen and Mel had come to the conclusion that they wanted to be seen with their new lovers. That, in itself would be a turn-on. And if it happened Glen would dance so dirty with Rags, hold her so close when walking to their table in the club and make out so shamelessly with her that the friends would be convinced that Glen and Rags were fuck buddies, so be it. Mel would do the same with Phil. It seemed like such a dirty fucking thing to do. If they didn't refer to one another by name, they would call their partner, "Baby," or "Lover."
Mel and Rags got on the phone the next day, checked their calendars, (Rags had an always changing schedule and Mel scheduled her time to meet with prospective customers around Glen's schedule -- when Glen would be home to be with Will - so they were the ones who had to study their calendars carefully to find a satisfactory date). They decided on a Saturday night two weeks away. While the girls finalized the date of when they would go out, the guys made the plans for the evening.
Before that evening arrived the couples met at the home of Rags and Phil for supper and an evening of making out and talking about some of the questions that Phil had found and handed out a couple of weeks earlier. Glen and Mel had taken the questions home with them and had spent time making out with one another and talking about the questions. Phil and Rags had discussed the answers to the questions when they first bought and read the book.
Rags, Mel and Lori had continued to get together every couple of weeks for their female bonding sessions, and at their latest one the two girls told Lori that she would probably be getting a call from Glen or Phil in the near future asking her to babysit that Saturday night. She might want to check her calendar to see if she would be available. They found out again that while Lori had a desire for a sexual relationship with a man, she still could not bring herself to go out on a date in spite of the fact that she had been asked several times.
It was Phil who called her up, asking her if she could be at Mel's house by 6:30. He then told her that she would need to bring her PJs and plan on staying overnight in the guest bedroom because Glen and Mel would not be coming back until Sunday - late morning or early afternoon. Lori could do that.
On her way home from work, Lori stopped over to see Mel almost every day. On one of those days Mel figured she had better clue her mother in a little bit on what was happening so that Lori would not be too shocked when she came to babysit and found that Glen was gone to pick up Rags and Phil was coming to pick up Mel to take her out for dinner and dancing -- and then staying out all night with her.
Lori understood that some of the sexual excitement in a typical marriage seemed to dwindle over time. She had seen her own marriage end in divorce. While she was not sure that what Glen, Mel, Rags and Phil were going to do to put some of that excitement back into their marriages was the best solution, she didn't have a better idea and conceded that doing something might be better than doing nothing.
Furthermore, she had her own mental reservations. Since their high school years, Glen had always been considered to be a hunk. She knew nothing about this Phil guy but thought that maybe Melanie might be trading down in trading Glen for Phil.
When Phil arrived on Saturday night Mel had her hair piled high on the top of her head, showing off her long dangling earrings to fullest advantage. Her make-up was appropriate for a night out on the town, her eye shadow being especially dramatic. She wore a very stretchy tube dress without any underwear. It was extremely short so that the bottom hem stopped right where the top of her thighs met the crease of her ass. When she danced, it would ride up. Even being so short, the top of her dress did not completely cover her tits but barely covered her areolas. When she danced the top of the dress would slide down and reveal more and more of her tits. She had a shawl that she wore over her shoulders. She carried a shoulder purse and wore acrylic platform fuck-me heels.
Phil had on a pair of skin tight faux-leather pants with a dress shirt open to the waist. It was obvious that Phil worked out on a regular basis. Lori quickly put aside any thoughts that Lori might be trading down. In fact, Lori felt her panties getting wet
Glen wore a pair of tight black denim jeans with a dress shirt and a leather blazer. He picked up Rags at her house. Her dress had short sleeves and a deeply cut square neckline showing lots of cleavage. It was cut out in front, showing some underboob and bare midriff revealing her navel jewelry. At about that same level where the dress was no longer cut out in front, it was cut out in back, low enough to reveal several inches of buttcrack. The dress was yellow and very stretchy. It was translucent enough to make it obvious that rags was not wearing any underwear. She was wearing long dangling earrings, nipple jewelry, navel jewelry and an ass plug with jewelry suspended from it that matched her earrings. Her dress was so short that anyone walking behind her could see the jewelry dangling below the hem of her dress. Rags also had a purse with shoulder straps and acrylic platform fuck-me heels. In case it got chilly, she brought along a sweater that buttoned down the front and extended to her mid-thigh.
The two couples went to the same restaurant. When each couple entered the room got noticeably quieter as the girls caught the eye of almost every male in the room. Women were stunned by their blatant display of sexuality. The couples did not sit at the same table. However, they did sit where they could see one another. Glen had made the reservations, even down to the table where they would be sitting. Each couple was seated in a place where their conversation could not easily be overheard, because much of their conversation would be centered around fucking.
Before the night was out, they hoped to be fucking with their Lover. Their conversations would be very candid descriptions of what they would like to do with their Lover, and maybe the mention of a thing or two they would like to avoid. Their conversations were peppered with exclamations like: "I can hardly wait to get your beautiful married cock pounding my slutty cunt!" or "I've waited so long to feel your pretty married pussy wrapped around my big fucking cock!"
When they were done eating, each couple drove separately to the dance club and entered the club separately. Mel left her shawl and Rags left her sweater in the car. Dressed as hot as they were, they were invited into the club without having to pay a cover charge. When girls were dressed that hot, management knew that plenty of guys would be trying to buy drinks for the girls and that would more than make up for the lost cover charge.
The couples sat at different tables when they sat. It was really hot to see their spouse with their lover. The heat was generated by the fact that seeing their spouse be so intimate with their lover it was looking like soft porn. Seeing their spouse with their lover also created some jealousy. This was intentional on their part. That jealousy would motivate each one of them to want to reclaim their spouse by the end of the date and for many days thereafter.
Dancing was foreplay. Dancing the fast numbers gave them ample opportunity to display themselves to their lover. The men in their tight pants would thrust their groins as though they were fucking and the outlines of their cocks were often quite visible. Glen's jacket was soon off and much of his shirt open showing off his pectorals. Likewise Phil had a well developed upper body. When there were songs to which they could dirty dance they all but fucked on the dance floor. Likewise, the slow dances afforded opportunities to feel up their partner's most intimate spots (Mel would pull down the front of her dress and mash her exposed tits against Phil's bare chest).
The couples were constantly enjoying the intimacy of their sexual dancing and the visual, emotional stimulation of seeing their spouse giving themselves, sexually, to their lovers. When guys would want to cut in and dance with Mel or Rags, their standard answer was usually something like: "In case you haven't noticed, we're quite heavily into one another tonight. I'm honored, but I'm taken." All four of them realized that Rags and Mel were so hot that if Glen and Phil had not been there, the two girls would still have danced with one guy or another all night.
As the evening wore on and the drinks made people feel more relaxed, there was plenty of opportunity to see and be seen and to grope and be groped on the dance floor by people other than one's intended dance partner. The girls quite often found themselves sandwiched between their lover and a total stranger on the dance floor with the total stranger taking as many liberties with them as was their lover.
By about 11 PM the couples were ready for the next event of the evening. Phil had secured a hotel room with two queen sized beds where the four of them would spend the evening. They got into the room all worked up from the hours of sensuous dancing. The guys went to the bathroom first and quickly cleaned themselves up. They came out naked with just a towel around their waists. Then the girls went into the washroom and did the same thing except when they were done they came out naked. Each guy had claimed a bed, had turned down the covers, and was now lying on the bed, naked. The girls, dressed only in their fuck-me shoes went to be with their lovers. Lights were left on in the room although the lighting was dim. Each couple started to make out and continued to do so until they were ready to fuck.
At this point each couple was so into each other that they paid little attention to what the other couple was doing. Glen was so excited that he came in Rags shortly after entering her. That was just a little speed bump, because Rags rather quickly, as soon as Glen's hyper-sensitivity had abated, was able to use her oral skills to bring him back to life.
Phil had a great deal of control and edged himself and Mel, bringing them almost to climax, then backing off, sometimes changing positions, always stimulating different erogenous zones and drove Mel to peaks of greater and greater desire until she was begging Phil to, ",.. cum in my slutty married pussy and fill me with your spunk!"
By the time that had happened, Glen and Rags had been watching them for a little while, thinking that that was the dirtiest thing they had ever seen. When Phil had kind of relaxed and come to his senses he said, "You know what? I've fantasized for years about fucking Rags' hot buttered bun. Could we do that? - Go back to our spouse and fuck her while she's filled with another man's jizm? Or am I the only person who thinks that is hot?"
Everybody thought that was a hot idea, so Phil went to Rags' bed and Glen came to Mel's bed and each man fucked his wife's hot buttered bun until they added another load to their wife's pussy.
It was time for a bathroom break. Phil had also stocked the room refrigerator with sports drinks. When everybody was done in the bathroom, they sat around the bedroom and agreed that if they would stop right there, the night would probably have been the sexiest night they had ever had. The more they talked and sipped their sports drinks the more they assured one another that they were not threatening each other's marriages. They were putting life back into them.
The four of them felt rejuvenated because of the break but before anyone could ask, "What's next?" Rags suggested that they set the timer on someone's phone for ten minutes, and then they fuck their lover until the timer goes off, reset the timer and fuck their spouse for the next ten minutes and keep on changing partners. Furthermore, every time there was a change in partners, they should try a new position -- until they couldn't think of any more. Rags went over to her rather substantial purse and pulled out two tubes of lube, one for each bed.
By the time they were done with this, they were ready for some clean-up again and then the lights went off and they went to sleep with their lover. Each couple found themselves fucking again during the night.
Phil had not only stocked the refrigerator with sports drinks but had also gotten street clothes from Glen, Mel and Rags as well as for himself and had placed them in the room when he had gotten the room ready for them. So in the morning the girls wore low-rise skinny jeans with a long sleeved crop top as they went down to breakfast. This time they wore underwear so that the whale tail from their thong was clearly visible and the cleavage made visible by their push-up bras was outstanding. They still wore the earrings and fuck-me heels.
They went back to their room for one final fuck. This time they would fuck separately so that the other couple could watch. They fucked their lovers. Phil and Mel went first. They took their time and Phil edged the both of them again and their fuck ended in Mel having both a loud and squirting climax. Then Glen and Rags fucked while Phil and Mel watched. Rags came, shouting, "Fill my dirty fucking slutty cunt with your man slime, you dirty fuckin' bastard," and humping his cock with every ounce of strength in her body.
By the time everybody cleaned up it was time to go home. Phil delivered Mel to her home, walked her to the door, kissed her passionately, and left. Lori had seen this and didn't know what it meant. But when Glen came home, they asked her to stay a little longer to babysit a little bit more, and rushed off to their bedroom where it was obvious that Glen was reclaiming his wife and Mel was reclaiming her husband. And as they sat around the kitchen table eating pizza for lunch, it was obvious that Mel and Glen were more in love with one another now than they had been for a very long time. And Lori wished she had the courage to put herself out there. She wanted to fuck.
Phil had picked up a pizza on the way home from dropping off Mel. So around the same time that Glen, Mel, Will and Lori were eating pizza and basking in the afterglow of the previous night's experience, Rags and Phil were also talking after they, too, had gone to their bedroom to reclaim one another.
R: That was everything I expected and even more.
P: I'd have to say so, too.
R: Do you think that this is something that will remain exclusively between them and us?
P: What do you mean?
R: I mean, we have kind of crossed the Rubicon, so to speak, and opened up our marriage to include another couple in some of our sexual activities, so is it going to just be with Glen and Mel or do you see this leading to including other people?
P: I don't know. I guess I haven't given it much thought.
R: That's unusual. Usually you're the one in this marriage who thinks things through ahead of time. Like you were the one who thought of stocking the room with sports drinks and bringing along street clothes we could wear coming home.
P: You're right. But I guess I didn't give this much thought until now. There is some danger in being exclusive with Glen and Mel. We might develop unhealthy emotional attachments.
R: That's the Phil I've come to know and love.
P: But I don't really know of anybody else we would be likely to hook up with.
R: I don't either, but we haven't really been looking. What about Matt and Pat Williams? They've been very nice to us. They love to dance with us. Matt always gets a hard-on when he dances with me. I've never responded to it. What might happen if next time he presses himself into me I were to say, "You seem happy to see me,"?
P: And when we go to a dance club, there are plenty of guys who want to dance with you, and some nights there are groups of girls there and every once in a while I get the look that lets me know they are interested in me.
R: There's a doctor at the hospital who'd love to hook up with me -- just a friend with benefits is all he says he wants.
P: I've been invited to any number of after work happy hours.
R: And if you're interested in a cougar, Lori, Mel's mom, needs to be fucked so bad -- and trust me -- she'd be a hot fuck.
P: But you realize, the more people we let into our opened up marriage, the more likely we are to get ourselves burned.
R: Point well taken. But can we keep our eyes and ears open to the possibility or is even that too dangerous?
P: I think keeping eyes and ears open is good. We don't want to get hooked on Glen and Mel and only Glen and Mel. That might be asking for trouble.
R: Am I turning into a slut?
P: Turning into? No. You are a slut. But you're my slut and I love the slutty you. We just have to be careful that we slut together. Last night just proved that slutting together is great fun for both of us.
The phone rang. It was Mel. She was inviting Rags and Phil over to the house to hang out in micro bikinis by the pool. They didn't have anything else planned. It sounded like a relaxing way to spend the afternoon. Phil offered to stop by a sandwich shop and pick up some subs and potato chips for supper. They'd leave early so everyone could reset their internal clocks for the upcoming work week.
Glen had done everything he could think of to make sure that having a pool would not pose a danger for little Will. There was a tall chain link fence around the pool. As long as Will was awake everyone would stay out of the pool and even out of the fenced in area. Even with the fence, there was also an electronic surveillance system installed that would make a loud noise if anyone even began to breech the fence and enter the pool area. Glen and Mel knew that the first line of defense was keeping their eyes on Will. So Lori was still at the house when Rags and Phil arrived.
This was the first time that Phil had seen Lori in a micro bikini and the first time that Lori had seen Phil in a tear-drop thong. It was lust at first sight. For those who watch porn, Lori reminded them of a pornstar who would be described as a cougar. The couples had still not completely disengaged from the night before. Mel and Phil greeted one another with a passionate kiss as did Glen and Rags. Soft music was playing and the lovers started dancing with one another and touching one another intimately.
Lori had been watching Will while Glen and Mel reclaimed one another. Then she just fell into watching Will as Glen and Mel welcomed Phil and Rags and took the sandwiches from them, putting them into the refrigerator. And now she was watching Will as the two couples started getting hot for one another again. And she mumbled under her breath, "What am I? Chopped liver?" But Mel picked up on it.
She didn't actually hear her mom, but they were very close and had been for years and she just picked up on it and moved with Phil to where her mother was standing. "Here, Mom, why don't you dance with Phil? I'll take Will inside and make some iced tea and lemonade."
Lori was not wearing shoes. Mel took off her fuck-me heels and gave them to her mom. "Wear these," she said, "It will make it easier to kiss him while you're dancing. And trust me; you'll want to kiss him while you're dancing [and play with his cock, too,]" she whispered. "[That's what I'd be doing if I were dancing with him.]"
Rags noticed what was going on but didn't object. "How can I when I'm dancing here and making out with Glen? If I can make out with strange cock, he should be able to make out with strange pussy. We'll talk about it when we get back home."
Lori had not been completely without sexual activity. Besides her toys, she had spent time "bonding" with Mel and Rags and she had been fucked in her pussy and ass with a strap-on. But that paled in comparison with being in the arms of an almost naked Phil and feeling his hard-on pushing against her. She reached down and touched it through his swimwear. Her whole body shuddered. Phil whispered to her, "You can reach inside and play with it. I won't mind."
She took his hand and placed it between her legs. She pulled her swimsuit aside. "Do me," she whispered. He just barely got started finger fucking her and she had a huge squirting orgasm. Her knees momentarily buckled under her. He supported her core with the hand that was between her legs and held her torso tightly to himself until she regained her composure. She pulled her tits out of the top of her suit, mashed herself against Phil's bare chest and started kissing him again.
Mel had brought out the lemonade, tea and glasses. The music had stopped. Mel, Rags, Glen and Will were sitting at a picnic table drinking their drinks and Lori was still mashing herself into Phil, one hand on his cock, the other on his ass, pulling him tightly to herself and swaying to music that was not playing. After a minute or so she realized what was happening and stepped back, putting her massive tits back into the tiny top and saying to Phil, "Thanks, I needed that."
She walked up to the table, picked up a glass, put in ice and poured herself some tea. Trying to act as though nothing unusual had happened, she said, "That was nice. I haven't danced with anyone in a long time. Next dance I should have with you, Glen. I haven't dance with you since your wedding."
It was time to put Will down for his afternoon nap. Glen offered to do that. The other four waited at the picnic table until Mel said to Phil, "Will you help me?" They went to the garage and pulled out of the storage area a large tarp and spread it on the lawn. Then they put a couple of blankets on top of the tarp. The top blanket was one step away from being thrown away.
Glen came out with the child monitor. "Let's do it," he said. Nobody but Mel knew what he was talking about at first. Then Mel produced a couple of bottles of sun tan oil. All the swimwear came off and it became a free for all trying to oil one another up. Before all the oiling was done, Rags was riding Glen's cock. It didn't take Glen long to cum.
Shortly after Rags was on her hands and knees, using her mouth to bring Glen's cock back to life. When he was up and ready to go, Rags called out, "Next," offering Glen's cock to Lori. Much to Glen's relief, Lori said she was just not comfortable with that. She could dance with Glen, but not fuck him, not now anyway.
When Rags started to ride Glen, Phil and Mel began to fuck. Mel had lube right there, and they used it, but Mel told Phil not to edge them this time but just to fuck her and make her cum. What had happened was when Glen and Mel reclaimed one another, they did not bother to use lube. But all the activity from the night before and not using artificial lube at home left Mel a little tender.
Phil used lots of lube, stimulated her tits and clit, kissed some of her erogenous zones, and when he sensed that Mel was almost there, took a lubed finger and inserted it into her asshole. That action put her over the top and she had a squirting orgasm. Phil dismounted her and they spent some time in post-coital bliss.
Then Mel looked at her Mom. "He's all yours. I'm all fucked out. The lube's right next to the blanket. Drain his balls until he can't fuck any more." Phil looked at Rags. Rags gave an unmistakable nod of approval.
Lori had not fucked a man since her husband had left her. Saying, "I'll be right back," Phil got up to go to the washroom. He cleaned himself off thoroughly. He returned to Lori. "Make me hard and lube me up," he said.
She started giving him a blow job. "Two can do that," he said and moved so that they could be in a 69 position. He started eating her pussy. It was a different sensation than what she received when a girl would eat her out. She had an orgasm before she even had time to lube up Phil's cock.
He lay on his back with his lubed cock sticking straight up. He suggested that she lube herself then mount him cowgirl fashion so that she would be in total control and he could not even accidentally hurt her. Phil was being way too cautious. Lori had a whole drawer full of toys of various shapes and sizes that she used on herself regularly. Phil would not be a challenge. Nevertheless she took his suggestion because she knew in this position he would get a great view of her pretty face, magnificent tits, flat abdomen, and, if he looked down, a sensual view of his cock fucking her starving pussy.
Phil was not passive, but he could have been because Lori fucked him with every ounce of strength she could muster. She moved her pussy every which way on his cock, swiveled her hips, flexed every muscle of her pelvic floor and used every motion she could think of to milk his cock.
But Phil had control and wanted Lori to get maximum pleasure out of this coupling. So when she began to tire he flipped her over and fucked her missionary style with her legs pushed way back so he could penetrate that pussy to its core. After a while he put her on her knees, face down, lubed her up and fucked her doggy style while leaning over her and playing with her clit or pulling on a nipple. She had cum two or three times in each position that he fucked her. He put her in a scissors position so that he was kneeling looking down at her, able to see her whole body, and he exclaimed over and over to her how beautiful she was and how her body felt so good when they were together and when they were fucking.
Finally, he got behind her and spooned her as they fucked. He was able to play with a nipple with one hand and with her clit with the other. The head of his cock hit her G-spot fucking in this position, and they could kiss when she turned her head toward him and he raised his head to meet hers. "You are a fantastic fuck," he said, "I am about to cum in your pussy and fill you with my seed unless you say I need to pull out."
"No! No! Cum in me. Fill me with your cum!" she said. So he did.
It wasn't very much after that that they could hear Will stirring on the child monitor. Everyone put on their swimwear. Rags went up to get Will up and dressed. It wasn't too long after that that they got out the Sub sandwiches and ate supper. They cleaned up and realized that everybody was pretty much wasted.
Lori was the first to go home but only after giving Phil a sensuous kiss. Phil and Rags left shortly thereafter. On the way home Phil said, "If we are really thinking about extending our sex play to other people, I need to get a vasectomy. Lori had me cum in her, but I don't know if that was a rational decision on her part or if she just had me cum in her in the heat of the moment and nine months from now I'm going to be a daddy. That is super scary."
"Oh shit," said Rags, "you're absolutely right. I don't know if we will ever do something like this again, but I do know that it looked super hot to me to see Lori so into you and to watch you fuck her. You don't know how long she has been waiting for a good fuck! I am so happy for her you could give it to her. And if the only thing a vasectomy meant was that you could fuck Lori safely every now and then, I think the vasectomy would be worth it. But I think you're right, if we are going to play around with other people, we had better be sure we are sterile as well as disease free. And after this afternoon, I'm thinking I'd like to play around with a few more people."
On Monday Phil looked into getting a vasectomy. On Wednesday he got snipped. It would take a little while before he got the all clear that there were no longer any more little swimmers in his cum. On the Thursday and Friday after he got snipped Phil came to work with three cold packs in his briefcase. One went in his lap and the other two into the freezer in the break room to be rotated into his lap throughout the day. It took several days before he was back to jogging or running on the treadmill. It took longer than that before he was ready to enthusiastically pound his wife. When they first returned to activity, Rags rode him while he remained relatively quiet.
Phil also checked in with Lori and carefully asked whether she really was prepared for him to cum in her or whether she was just caught up in the moment at the time and was now concerned. Lori evaded the question as much as possible and Phil finally laid it all on the line and said that if she was pregnant and he was the father, he would do the right thing. She was greatly relieved to hear that Phil was that responsible of a guy, and confessed that she didn't think that he would have gotten her pregnant, but just to make sure, she had gotten and taken a morning after pill so Phil should not lose any sleep over it.
Phil then confessed to her that he had just gotten a vasectomy so that this would never be an issue with him again. Then he thanked her for thinking of doing the morning after pill, because without that he would have been worried until Lori could assure him that she was not pregnant.
When Phil got off the phone he was very happy because he realized he had dodged a bullet. When Lori got off the phone she was very happy because she felt that having fucked Phil the first time, it would be easier to do it again. If she read between the lines correctly, it seemed as though Phil was saying that he got the vasectomy at least in part so that he and Lori might be able to safely come together again. It would just be a matter of putting them together in the same space again when everybody was horny. Lori made sure that Mel knew that she was free to babysit for them any time.
Both Phil and Rags kept their eyes and ears open for possibilities to open up their marriage. Phil got invited to go to a happy hour on a Friday after work and accepted the invitation. The girls there were all single and it appeared that if they were looking to hook up they were just looking for a guy. Phil was looking for a couple. Nobody had flirted with Rags at work except for a few obnoxious drunk patients who had been brought in by ambulance. While the drunks found themselves to be quite charming, the truth was quite the opposite.
Phil started keeping a picture of himself and Rags wearing bikinis on his desk. Neither of them were wearing a micro bikini, but these bikinis did demonstrate that both Phil and Rags were attractive people. Phil also kept a very attractive picture of Rags in a mini dress fit for clubbing as wallpaper on his computer.
The Williams did invite them to their home for a less formal party. Phil did not have to wear his tux -- a blazer or sport coat would do. Rags then figured she could wear a short club-wear dress. The one she wore was made of dark violet stretchy material with a satin look and many horizontal cuts on it, showing a fair amount of skin, but still covering the parts that needed to be covered. She wore long earrings and dramatic eye makeup. When she arrived she was pleased to see that Pat was also wearing a revealing mini dress.
When she danced with Matt she felt him get hard immediately and used her line, "You seem happy to see me." He momentarily got embarrassed and seemed to pull away until he caught her wink. At the end of the dance she looked down at her nipples which had gotten very hard and then said, "And as you can see, I'm very happy to have danced with you."
While Matt felt a social obligation to dance with other guests, he told her, "This won't be the last one." Rags gave him a quick kiss as they parted ways.
Phil and Rags did go clubbing, just the two of them, a few weeks later and a number of guys hit on Rags, but they were the guys with the huge egos. These were the same type of guys who were the most cruel in making fun of Rags during her high school years. She could sense them a mile away and wanted nothing to do with them. Had she been approached by a nice guy who treated her with respect instead of just thinking of her as another lay, she would have danced with him and given things a chance to develop. Then Phil would have approached a girl that seemed to be unattached. This could have led to an interesting foursome. But that did not happen. They also kept their eyes out for another attractive couple with whom they might want to become intimate, but they didn't identify a couple, either.