Cross Contamination Chapter 2: Just Like Mommy!
Renee leaned back in the rolling chair, relaxed and happy. Things looked like they were finally going her way. The chair made a rhythmic squeaking noise from the work happening below, but Renee paid it no mind as she scrolled through her phone. Picture after picture of that clown of a white woman and her big bare titties. Video stills of that pathetic little worm tugging his little dicklet. It was almost too perfect. And the best part was that these two losers were that little bitch's mommy and daddy.
She tapped the head of the petite blond woman who had been enthusiastically tonguing her pussy. "What have you heard about Cassie Harlowe, slave? Are people still talking about her for prom queen?"
The woman's eyebrows drew together in a look of concern, not wanting to say anything to displease her mistress, but feeling compelled to answer. It was too funny, the dumb look on her face combined with the shiny wetness of Renee's juices covering her chin. She had no idea how much she looked like the little bimbo she had become.
"Well, you know, yes mistress." She said in a high pitched valley girl accent. Renee had forced it on her at first, but by now she was slipping into it accidentally even when they weren't together. "I like, totally don't get it, but she's, like, suuuper popular."
Renee sighed. That was because Cassie was naturally beautiful, smart, and sweet. That was why it had taken Renee so long to find a lever, something that she could use to get her under her thumb like everyone else at this school. But now she had it: something that would allow her to craft perfect little Cassie's fall from grace. She had a feeling that with what she had planned, she could make her fall a looooong way.
"When is your next appointment, Ms. Chambers?" Said Renee with a mocking emphasis on the title she should have been using, as a student.
"Well, mistress," whined the blonde in a little girl voice, "I have another student coming in about ten minutes to talk about next semester's schedule."
"Great!" Said Renee with a wide smile. She lazily reached one silky, coffee colored leg around Ms. Chambers head, ignoring her half-hearted protests, drawing her in, "Then it sounds like you have 9 more minutes to "Counsel" my pussy."
She flipped through the photos again as her orgasm built, and she imagined the horrible things that were going to happen to Cassie Harlowe.
...
Gina was trapped. Powerless. Completely at his mercy. He towered above her, impossibly big and wide. His cock was huge, swollen and dripping. It looked hard as iron and soft as velvet. It was dark brown, but seemed to glow from within. Frightening, but unbelievably tempting. And above it floated his chiseled face, locked in the curved, arrogant grin. A grin that said she was his, no matter how she felt about it. She could smell him, almost taste him, with the memory of his precum on her lips flashing into her mind, how she had shamefully darted the tip of her tongue out, because she had to know how it tasted. Flashbulbs flashed around her. A faceless, jeering crowd surrounded them, anonymous witnesses to her debasement. Her submission. She could feel the rage building in her, the shame...but also the animal lust. She couldn't resist any longer, she leaned forward, locking her eyes with his, opening her mouth in a soft "Ahhhh" shape. His grin grew wider, meaner, the laughter of the crowd swelled...
Gina woke in a tangle of sweaty sheets, her mind racing and her pussy aching and wet. She looked over at the clock. 3 AM. So much for getting a good night's rest. It had been a week since that horrible night at Daren's fucking party, and she had been doing her best to keep Victor and the whole situation out of her mind.
Despite Gina's resolution to put the event behind her, she had found herself obsessively checking sleazy websites to make sure that no nude photos had been posted of her kneeling in front of black cock. As a consequence, she had been forced to look at many many photos of women who were not her kneeling in front of black cock. It was simply precautionary research, of course. There was no other reason she would want to see photos like that. All that research must be why the subject had come up in her dreams. Well, now she was wide awake. And horny, maybe hornier than she had ever been. She slipped a finger into her panties, and couldn't stop herself from letting out a soft moan.
Well, what else did she keep Daren around for, if it wasn't moments like these?
"Baby!" She hissed, "Wake up!"
In response, he grunted and turned over.
"Your wife needs you, stud," She whispered, and straddled him, Reaching for his crotch.
"What? What time is it honey?" Said Daren in a muzzy, half-asleep voice, "What are you doing?"
"Trying to have sex with my husband, silly." Said Gina in a flirty voice. Damn it Daren, read the mood. This is important. She planted soft, wet kisses on her husband's neck.
"Nooo baby, not now. I need to sleep. You know I have a big meeting tomorrow. Let's try tomorrow night, or, better yet, Friday."
And with that, he turned over, and in seconds started to snore.
Typical. Gina huffed her frustration, and collapsed to her side of the bed. What did she expect? When had Daren ever risen to the occasion in bed? Well if he wanted to miss out, maybe she would just have to take care of the job herself. She rolled over and pulled open her beside drawer, moved aside some magazines placed for camouflage, and took out her trusty vibrator.
Mmmm, yes that felt good. Maybe even better than Daren would have. This was definitely the right choice. Now she could just cum and get that asshole out of her head. The fucking prick, with his expensive haircut, and his stupid fucking smile, and his massive black... Gina realized with a start that she had begun feeling even better, and was, in fact, close to the edge already. She quickly pulled the vibrator away from her pussy. What the fuck? Her brain and her pussy must still be all mixed up from that sex dream she had been having. Time to return to safer mental waters. She imagined some of her college boyfriends. That was a tried and true fantasy. It usually made her a little guilty, fantasizing about other men, but right now it seemed safe, almost quaint. Ted, winning an important game in intramurals with a crucial last minute basket, and pointing to her on the side-lines, in a tight top and short little skirt. Stripping off those same clothes for him later, with him still elated, still feeling powerful from the game. The image was usually a winner, but this time it felt a little flat, hollow. Something was missing. She moved the vibrator aggressively, pressing it tightly to her sticky, throbbing pussy. No, it wasn't working. Gina writhed her body, pinching a nipple, craving release. What had that fucker done to her? That fucking son of a bitch, that onyx statue of a man. Did he think that he had won? That he had defeated her completely? Was she just a weak loser in his eyes? A little cocksucker that he could toy with? She removed the vibrator from her clit again and pounded the bed in frustration, barely holding back a scream of rage as she realized that she had gotten within a hair's breadth of orgasm again when her mind had drifted to Victor. Daren muttered and shifted in his sleep like the useless lump he was. There was only one solution.
Gina grabbed her phone from the bedside table and typed "porn" in the search bar. She had rarely, if ever, done so before and didn't really know what to look for. She clicked the first link, seeing a site for sharing video clips pop up. She typed "Big Cock" in the search bar, then after some thought, changed it to "Big White Cock", and clicked search. Well, there certainly wasn't a lack of videos. She found a thumbnail that looked interesting and started watching, returning her vibrator to her waiting pussy.
A large muscular bald man was pumping what was indeed a very large white cock into the little pussy of a cute dark haired girl half his age. The video was fine, pretty hot actually, apart from looking a little fake and unnatural. But for some reason it just wasn't doing the trick. She clicked a video from the recommended bar on the side of the screen. A pale redhead was kneeling at the feet of another large muscular white man, licking and sucking and worshiping with a good show of enthusiasm. She liked it, and it looked less fake then the last one, but it still wouldn't quite get her there. Gina let out a soft, frustrated sound in her throat as she twisted a nipple in her hand. She tried another video. Another. She turned the vibrator up a setting, which made it uncomfortable. She switched it back. She tried getting on all fours while watching. Another video. She tried sucking her own nipples. Her breasts had been big enough to do so since she was a teen, but she had always avoided the act, even when boyfriends asked her to. It always seemed a bit too dirty, something that a slut would do. Now she did it. And it felt good, but it didn't make her cum. She switched through videos rapidly, until she accidentally hit one that she hadn't intended to.
A small blond woman was having her pussy stretched by a massive black dick. Her large fake breasts were bouncing uncontrollably as she let out loud, cartoonishly fake moans with a practiced look of ecstasy on her face. Gina felt a tingle run up her spine as heat grew in her pussy. She knew the whole point was to avoid imagery like this, but she couldn't look away. She felt a massive orgasm building in her, rumbling forward unstoppably like a massive freight train. Her legs began to tremble and shake. A sweet, low moan escaped her lips without her intending it. Her legs spread wide and her toes began curling. With a trembling hand, she reached for the phone to betray herself, to make it even sweeter. She let her pride, her anger, and her dignity go, and let her pussy decide. She skipped ahead to the end of the video, to see what she wanted: the blond woman kneeling at the dark man's feet as he jerked his cock directly above her moaning face, splattering it with his hot cum. And she came with him, splattering her sheets, moaning loudly, and bucking her hips against the vibrator. Daren mumbled another question about what was going on, but she ignored him until he went back to sleep. She felt so satisfied, so deliciously fulfilled, that she couldn't even think any unpleasant thoughts about what had just happened. She smiled softly and warmly and fell into a deep restful sleep. So restful, that the next day she didn't have a clear memory of what had happened. But deep inside her mind, new links had been strengthened.
...
"Of course I'm going to go," said Gina decisively, "it sounds like it's your job on the line." She was once again working quickly to make her normal large mug of morning coffee, and had the focused energy that Daren thought of as distinctly "Gina". He just wished that she didn't seem so confident about this particular issue.
"I mean, maybe, but he might have just been saying that in order to... you know."
"In order to do what, Daren Harlowe?" Gina gave him a cold flat look from across the kitchen. She had been totally unwilling to have any discussion at all about the events of the party. It had quickly become a totally taboo subject between them. She moved past it, and resumed making her coffee. "I don't believe your boss about most things Daren, but I believe him about that. Fair or not, he is definitely considering firing you."
She grabbed her full mug and walked right up to him, staring right up into his eyes. Her presence and strength of personality were as captivating as usual, and she had turned the dial up to eleven this morning.
"You know that with the new car and the renovations to the house last summer, we can't really afford to go down to one income right now. Not to mention Cassie starting college in less than a year. The places she has been applying to aren't cheap, Daren." She patted him gently on the cheek and gave him a sharp smile, "Let me take care of it for you, baby. Victor Cross might act tough, but we'll see how he does against me when he isn't on his home turf."
Daren felt his resistance waver, but he had to try one last time. "B-but, honey, going on a date? Don't you think that that's a little..." He wasn't sure how he wanted to finish the sentence. Risky? Disrespectful to him? Encouraging to Victor? But he was saved from having to finish the sentence by Gina. "Oh come on Daren, it's not a date. More like a meeting. It takes two people agreeing in order to make a date." She clicked her way towards the door on her high heels, throwing over her shoulder: "Just watch babe, Victor Cross is about to learn exactly how much of a bitch I can be when I get mad."
...
When Cassie Harlowe got out of bed that morning, she was just positive that it was going to be another great day. The last of her college applications were written and mailed, with plenty of top schools and safeties included, just to be sure. Things were going really well on the volleyball team as well. She had been a little nervous at first that she would find it too difficult, and that it might cut into her homework time too much, but all the girls were so nice and supportive, and it turned out to be really fun. She knew her mom would have liked for her to join cheer, but Gina would just have to deal with the disappointment. Gina had been a control freak for Cassie's whole life, but she certainly wasn't going to control Cassie's senior year. She just wished her mom could see her as a grown woman, and show her a little respect. She wasn't asking for much.
Despite their tension, it made her a little sad that her mom had already left the house by the time she reached the kitchen. "Sorry sweetie," said her Dad with a wry grin, " you know how she is, 'hurricane Gina'. I think she had an early meeting today." Poor sweet daddy, thought Cassie with a loving smile, always making excuses for her wrecking ball of a mom. Gina had probably just forgotten that she had agreed to eat breakfast as a family more often. Cassie made a mental note to try to get ready a little earlier, so they could spend more time together. She knew they were both stubborn women, but suspected that her mother wanted an end to the fighting just as much as she did. And she would get it. As soon as she showed Cassie a bit more respect.
Well at least she would always be close to dear old dad. She gave him a tight hug. "Well, can you stay for some breakfast, daddy?" She asked in her sweetest voice. She knew that her father had a really hard time resisting when she played up the sweet little daughter act. But today he seemed distracted for some reason. "I'm afraid not, pumpkin, I've got a work thing as well. But I'll try to speak to your mother about breakfast. Tomorrow maybe." And with that he was out the door as well.
Huh, what was going on with those two?
...
The whole mood of the day shifted as soon as Cassie got on the bus. Something was definitely... off. The whole bus had the mood of a loud conversation that had suddenly gone quiet. Although the little kids clearly had no idea what was going on, they caught the mood from the Seniors and also turned to watch her get on. She could feel the eyes of the other bus riders as she moved towards the back. The kids were just curious, but she got a weird vibe of ... contempt? Pity? From the older girls. But it was the boys who were the main problem. She could feel, and in some less subtle cases, see their eyes crawling all over her. Some of them practically had their mouths open and drooling. Her face had turned bright red by the time she slumped in the seat next to her friend Kelsey. As she sat it seemed like the whole rest of the bus erupted into whispers. Kelsey seemed like she was avoiding looking her in the eye.
"What the heck? What is going on Kelsey?" She almost gasped, "Why is everyone acting so weird?"
"Nothing," mumbled Kelsey, turning towards the window, her face almost as red as Cassie's.
"Kelsey come on," said Cassie, noticing pointed fingers and whispers seeming to come from everywhere further back in the bus, "This is freaking me out." Some of the boys seemed to be staring at their phones, looking at her, and then back and forth.
"Ok, Cassie I'll tell you," Said Kelsey in a miserable tone, "but don't shoot the messenger, ok?"
Cassie gulped, waiting for the shoe to drop.
"Some of the Senior boys have been sending around a really gross picture, and everybody is saying that it's your mom."
...
Daren had a truly terrible day at work. It had been much the same for the past week: the laughter and smirks behind his back, the hilarious "jokes" about how lucky of a man he was, and the sudden huge jump in casual disrespect. It was though anyone who had been at the party suddenly couldn't see him as a man anymore, and the worst part was, even those who hadn't been there had seen the pictures. Charlie had made sure of that.
He had announced the Monday after the party that he was trying to get the best shots that he could together for a personal project, and asked everyone to send in all the pictures they had taken, and had shared some of the best ones around the office in an email recounting the events of the party.
"Hey Hardon!" Called Charlie from his office as Daren passed, "Come in here a second, I got something to show you." As much as Daren didn't want to, he knew that denying Charlie his fun would only cause him to make a scene. So he shuffled meekly into the office.
"Check this out, Hardon, I've been working on this all week." He roughly turned his monitor so that Daren could see. It was a layout for a calendar, with the pictures taken from the party. January had his lamb-masked wife removing an earring with a steely glint in her eye, the angle giving a great view of her cleavage in the little black dress.The rest followed in roughly chronological order. Gina removing her high heels, showing a shapely, smooth leg. Gina with her dress covering her face as she pulled it off. Several months of Gina standing in a defiant wide-legged pose while wearing only a lacy bra and panties, shot from different angles, likewise, several of Gina casting her bra aside defiantly, showing her magnificent tits to the crowd. Gina laid back on the table, her swollen pussy freshly revealed, her face in open mouthed dismay that could be mistaken for a moan. The last couple were of her kneeling at Victor's feet. One shot emphasized her ass, another her tits, but they all showed the scene as erotically and graphically as possible. Charlie must have had dozens to comb through to find the very best ones.
Daren fought to keep himself from getting aroused. He had only seen this play out from a distance, and these porny angles were having an effect on him.
"But you haven't seen Miss December yet, Hardon," said Charlie with a chuckle, "Waaaay less sexy than the others, but I think the humor makes up for it." He scrolled down to show Daren the image for December. Oh fuck. It was Daren himself, shot from a low angle, foolish looking goat mask on his face, mid moan and he came all over himself. No wonder everyone had know if was him right away, the goat mask did nothing to disguise him at all.
"I'm thinking that I get these bad boys printed up, sell them around the office for 20 dollars a pop," said Charlie with a snicker, " What do you think, Hardon? I think I'd make a killing. Tell you what, because you and your lovely wife contributed so much, I'll kick you back a dollar for each copy sold. 5 dollars if she lets me shoot a couple more, we've got a lot of duplicate scenes."
"Y-you can't do this Charlie. It's illegal!" Squeaked Daren in a fit of fear and shame.
Charlie Roared with laughter. "Don't worry Hardon, just a little joke! Of course I'm not going to sell them. I can't spread this good shit around. I'm just making one of these for personal use." He patted Daren roughly on the shoulder. "But I saved the best one for a special place of honor," said Charlie, minimizing the calendar project, "So I can see it everyday." His desktop background was his beautiful wife, her deep blue eyes soft, submissive, and upturned, as she planted a firm kiss on the tip of his boss's big black cock.
...
Cassie's stomach flipped and tied in knots as she sped walked into her homeroom and put her head on her desk, covering her head to try to avoid the burning stares she felt in every direction. She didn't look up until she heard someone sit beside her and gently touch her shoulder.
It was Peter, one of her best friends from middle school. And secretly her crush, although she would never tell him that in a million years. He was the last thing she needed right now, just another confusing layer on an already confusing day. But he didn't look at her with the slimy eyes that the other guys had today. He looked at her with sincere concern.
"I'm so sorry Cassie. I want you to know that I didn't look. I mean, I saw it pop up in the senior boys' group chat, but I just scrolled right past it." He was a little awkward, but at least he was trying to be empathetic.
"It's not my mom." Said Cassie fiercely.
"Of course not," said Peter with wide eyes, 'but you know how guys can be, they think with their dicks."
"And I really don't get it," Said Cassie, trying to hold back tears, "Even if it was her, I don't see why that means every guy has to try to get a look at my..." and she made a gesture over herself encompassing much of her body before collapsing to the desk again, miserable.
"Men are pigs, honey," said a smooth and confident voice from the desk on her other side. Cassie turned and saw Renee, the beautiful and confident captain of the cheer squad sitting and checking her makeup in her phone camera. "They think they got a peek under your mother's clothes, so they are curious how you match up."
Well that isn't comforting, thought Cassie darkly, but she had to admit that it made a lot of sense.
"You have seen the photo, right Cassie?" said Renee with a questioning look, turning to her.
"No! Why would I want to see that?"
"Yeah," said Peter loyally, "I didn't look at it either, why would she be interested?"
"Oh girl, I really think you should though!" Said Renee with wide eyes, placing a delicate hand on Cassie's shoulder. "This whole shitty thing blowing up is because of this photo, how can you respond to it if you don't have all the info?"
What she was saying didn't sound wrong, but Cassie still wasn't sure that she wanted to see a nude photo of any lady, especially one who was supposed to look like her mom.
"Here," said Renee firmly, and scrolled through her phone for a moment, 'I'm a member of the senior boys group chat. You know, spying on the enemy," she said with a mischievous wink, " Don't tell anybody."
Then without further discussion, she clicked the phone down on the desk in front of Cassie, with a photo brought up full screen.
Cassie was speechless as her eyes roamed over the photo. It showed a short curvy woman kneeling on the ground, her face covered by a ridiculous wooly little lamb mask, but the rest of her wasn't covered at all. And above her could clearly be seen a big black...oh my gosh.
Cassie had to admit that she could see why the boys were going a little crazy. She herself was feeling a little flushed, and her lips parted slightly as she started breathing a little more heavily. It wasn't that she was into girls, definitely not, of course she wasn't, she would know! It was just that the situation itself, the kneeling, the mask, the black you-know-what, it was all so dirty.
Her eyes roamed over the full boobs, the hard nipples with large areolas, the thick thighs, and the slightly glistening vagina, topped by a neatly trimmed patch of blonde public hair. She was suddenly hyper aware of her own body. Were her boobs that big? Her thighs? Would she look like that, if she were... in that situation? She had a sudden impulse to run her hands over her body. But no, that would be giving the boys what they wanted to see. But what would it feel like to run your hands over a body like that?
"Uhhh, hello," Said Renee with a giggle, snatching away her phone, "Earth to Cassie. I told you to take a quick look, not drool over it like the boys."
"Not cool, Renee!" Said Peter hotly, leaping to her defense, "you know this whole thing has been shitty for her. She was probably just shocked when you forced her to look at it. "
"You're right Peter," said Renee contritely. "That was a tasteless joke. Let me know if you need to talk later Cassie, I'm here for you." With that she gave Cassie's hand a squeeze, then turned away as the teacher started class.
Cassie smoothed her pants and tried to calm down. She was glad that she had worn layers today, and she wrapped the flannel shirt she was wearing around her body and shivered a little. There was no possible way that fascinating woman in the porn photo was her mom. That wasn't what Cassie's body was like, right?
...
Gina's day at work was busy, like any other. At her law firm there was no room for slacking, not if you wanted to come out ahead of the competition. And right now the competition was fierce, with several candidates neck and neck for a high level job that had just opened up in the firm. What made it even more infuriating was that besides her, one of the main people in contention was some little pissant just out of law school.
Knock Knock Knock.
Gina looked up from the papers on her desk to see the little shitstain in question striding into her office with the confident swagger of the young and good looking. Xavier Mason, God's gift to women, or so he wanted people to believe. He had a thin little beard on his tanned face. He was good looking enough, but spoiled it by going around with what he thought was a smoldering gaze, but which really just made him look pouty. God, it made her blood boil that the higher ups were considering him, just because he was brimming with unearned confidence, and, more importantly, was male.
"Afternoon, Gina," said Xavier in his smarmy little voice, "how is the Rexler case coming?" He nudged aside some papers so that he could sit on the corner of her desk, which made Gina raise her eyebrows in disbelief.
But it seemed like Xavier was mentally incapable of taking a hint. "I saw some of the details of that one myself," he said with an affected chuckle, "tricky case! But if anyone can handle it, it's you, Harlowe."
"I'm so glad that I have your approval to work on my case, Xavier." Said Gina Icily, "What brings you to my office?"
Even someone as thickheaded as Xavier couldn't miss the tone at this point. He laughed and held up his hands in mock surrender: "I come in peace Gina! Don't shoot!" He waited for a reaction as though he had hoped that this would soften his older coworker a little. He certainly didn't get any such reaction from Gina, who continued staring at him with a steely glint in her eye.
He plunged on anyway: "I was just hoping that we could meet up after work sometime soon. Get to know each other better. Might be worth it to get a little more insight into your... rival." And... yes, there he went, turning his stupid fucking pout up to eleven. How could a man be this dumb? How could anyone misread a relationship this badly?
"I'm married, Xavier." said Gina flatly, holding up her ring finger, then cut Xavier off as he began to protest, "And I dislike you on a personal level. I have no desire to get to know you any better than I already do. You seem to have the impression that this is some sort of 'two sexy colleagues of the opposite sex have chemistry sparked by their rivalry situation' when it is really a 'older female colleague has no respect for her inexperienced dumbass of a coworker' situation"
Xavier stared at her with his mouth open.
"Get the fuck out of my office Xavier."
It probably would have been better if she had reined it in a little (who knows what Xavier would say about this around the office), but she needed the win, and Xavier was skilled at being a punching bag at least.
Suddenly her phone rang.
"This is Gina Harlowe."
"Ms. Harlowe, this is Helen Chambers over at South High School. We have your daughter in the office right now, and we need either you or your husband to come pick her up."
"What? Why, what happened to her?"
"Well Ms. Harlowe, it's about the clothes that your daughter is wearing..."
...
Cassie was doing her best to make it through the day being noticed as little as possible, keeping her head down, walking quickly, and sitting in the backs of classes. The photo she had seen kept bouncing around her head. Connecting that photo with the boys' stares made them even more dirty, like she could see that photo reflected in their eyeballs.
Lunch was the worst yet, as it seemed like the whole lunch room was turning around to catch glances once people realized where she was sitting. Kelsey and Peter tried to start some light conversations, but they died as quickly as they were brought up. At least she only had three more classes to go. Gym, Advanced 2d art, and AP History. In advanced 2d art it would be easy to hide behind an easel, and AP History was full of nice, academically serious students who would probably be cool. Gym was the tricky one. They were doing a track and field unit, which involved changing into shorts and a tank top, which would only give the boys a better opportunity to stare. On the other hand, their teacher, Mr. Farrow, clearly didn't care much about this unit, and with his lax supervision, she could probably just hide out with some of the girls she knew in the class.
The lunch bell rang, Kelsey and Peter gave sympathetic goodbyes, and there was nothing left to do but be brave and see what gym held for her.
Cassie changed quickly into her gym clothes, and did her best to walk surrounded by girls on the way out to the track. She mentally thanked her earlier self for opting for a longer pair of shorts and a loose tank top rather than some of the tighter gym clothes, which were more fashionable. She did get a few looks from the boys. It seemed like there was no avoiding that now, but it didn't seem much worse than earlier in the day. Out on the track, Coach Farrow was even more distracted than usual. For some reason he was deep in conversation with Renee, wearing skin tight joggers and essentially a sports bra, as usual. Renee was smiling sweetly and touching him on the arm, punctuating the conversation with a laugh. Coach Farrow seemed... nervous? Maybe he was uncomfortable with Renee's flirty energy. Cassie certainly thought it was a little weird. But it was working in her favor today. All she had to do was find one of the groups of girls that lazily walked around the track instead of running, and stick with them today.
She immediately saw a group with some of the girls from the volleyball team that she was friendly with, and started walking up behind them to join them. As she got closer, she heard their conversation. "...I know right!" said Ada, a cute petite girl that Cassie knew a little, "It has to be her mom. I mean, you've seen her body right? They are just too close!"
"Well, I promised Mark that I would take a little peek in the showers!" said Britney, Ada's tall, slim best friend to a chorus of giggles from the surrounding girls, "That way we can compare and find out for sure. All the boys are super curious!"
"Good idea Brit," said Ada, gasping with laughter, "Let's get a good look at those big titties! If we're really being honest, I think we all want to see the comparison too!"
Cassie quietly slipped away, her heart pounding. She had been so worried about the boys she hadn't even considered that the girls could be just as bad. And she had almost gotten naked in the showers with them without even worrying about it. Well, no problem, she just wouldn't shower. She couldn't be the first one ever to refuse.
The rest of the class passed in a blur, and if the boys and other girls were undressing her with their eyes, then she honestly didn't notice, too preoccupied with how to dodge the showering situation. Showers had never seemed like that big of a deal to her before today. Sure, she sometimes caught herself checking out other girl's bodies a little, but that was normal. She was sure someone had taken a peek at her at some point too. They could all be mature about it. But now the whole situation sent hot butterflies loose in her stomach. A whole room of other girls, their eyes fixed, waiting for her nudity to be revealed. It sounded like a nightmare. She couldn't stop thinking about it.
She did her best to just casually walk right past the locker room, heading straight to her next class. She could come back and get her other clothes at the end of the day. But Coach Farrow was standing in the middle of the hallway, looking uncomfortable.
"Where are you headed, Cassie?" He said in a strange tone.
"Nowhere Coach," squeaked Cassie, unable to believe that her plan had gone wrong this quickly, "J-just to class."
"I'm afraid not," said Coach Farrow, almost sadly, shaking his head "All students have to shower before going to their next class. New school policy." And he waved his clipboard to shoo her back to the girls' locker room.
Cassie's heart was pounding as she slipped into the locker room, as quietly as possible. The rest of the girls were already in the showers, with their gym bags scattered around the room. Cassie had a new plan, she would just sneakily wet her hair, change into her regular clothes, then sneak out. If she was fast enough, she could finish before the other girls were done.
She had barely started to wet her hair in the sink before her plan went wrong.
"Oh, hey Cassie, what are you doing?" chirped Renee, walking out of the shower without a towel on, "Aren't you going to shower?"
Renee leaned forward, arching her back slightly as she checked her makeup in the mirror. Cassie definitely wasn't into girls, but it was hard to deny that Renee oozed sex from every pore. She was slim, but with curves in just the right places, and ripe boobs that hung softly from her petite frame like they were begging to be squeezed. Her skin was the color of milky coffee, and her look was completed by a cute heart shaped face with a little snub nose and big pouty lips. It helped that she usually wore a teasing expression that made everyone think about sex. At least, it made Cassie think that way. The water droplets on her skin made her body look shiny, wet, and almost pornographic, and wait... were her nipples hard? It had to be just because the locker room air was cold...
"Earth to Cassie!" Said Renee with an evil smile, clicking her manicured fingers in front of Cassie's face, "This isn't a peep show, girl."
Cassie flushed with embarrassment and tried to stutter out an excuse, but Renee cut her off, "I'm just joking, you silly bitch, we're all girls here, I know you weren't checking me out!" Her glittering eyes seemed to say that she meant just the opposite. "Now get in that shower babe, or you'll be late for your next class."
And now the other girls, wrapped in towels, were coming out of the shower as well. And she could see chatter die down, to be replaced by whispers, giggles, and grins. Anticipation filled the air.
Cassie sat down on a bench and began slowly taking off her shoes and socks, playing for time. The other girls changed into their clothes as well, but painfully slowly, many of their eyes locked on her at all times.
"Strip Bitch!" Came a yell from one end of the room, but the echo made it hard to tell who had said it. Some of the other girls burst out laughing.
"Yeah Cassie, take off your clothes. Or are you just here to look at other girls' tits like you normally do?" Said Ada nearby, a smirk on her face.
What?!? Was that her reputation? That wasn't true, I mean, not that often ast least. No more than any of the other girls, she was sure.
She was out of excuses. She pulled her tank top over her head, to a chorus of sarcastic wolf whistles. Her shorts came off next. Finally, she had no other options, she grabbed the edges of her sports bra and pulled it over her head, letting her giant breasts jiggle free in the steamy locker room air. This time she was greeted not with sarcasm, but with studious silence, as all of the other girls in the locker room, most of them now fully clothed, stared brazenly at her naked tits. She covered them up immediately, but the whispers were already starting as she removed her panties.
"Oh yeah. I can totally see it."
"Same size, same shape."
"Same hard, slutty nipples." This one got a laugh. And Cassie realized with horror that her nipples were definitely hard. Diamond hard. It must be the cold air, right? But Cassie didn't reel cold, she felt burning hot.
She hunched over a little, trying to hide, trying to block their burning gaze from her most private places.
She felt a delicious warm softness press into her back, punctuated with two hard points. Renee hugged her from behind, her large, wet, warm breasts squashing against her back, skin to skin. Her hard nipples scraping, poking, impossible to ignore. "Just hurry to the shower, babe." Whispered Renee, her lips close to her ear. "Nobody is still in there."
And she did hurry, almost slipping on the floor, which made her throw her arms out for balance, giving the entire locker room one last good, unobstructed look at her tits as they bounced from the near fall. She could hear the catcalls trailing after her as she entered the showers, her face burning, and, for some reason she couldn't understand, her vagina growing wet.
...
"Come in, Harlowe." Said Victor Cross, his back turned. Daren could see clouds of smoke wafting up from his boss's customary after lunch cigar, "I have a few things I'd like to discuss."
Daren moved cautiously into the room. It was very rare to be called in to speak with Mr. Cross, and it was usually bad news.
"Just getting ready for a date tonight, and I thought I'd pick your brain." Mr. Cross swiveled around in his leather chair. He was flipping through what looked like a catalog of lingerie while smoking. Daren couldn't believe it, was his boss really going to ask him for tips on how to romance his wife? He had to refuse. But how could he put his foot down without getting fired?
Then Victor seemed to think of something and snapped his fingers. "But first, you just got a call from South high school. Something about... what was it, Lucia?" Daren had been so nervous, he hadn't even noticed that Mr. Cross's tall, leggy, latina assistant was sitting in the corner, a legal pad and pen in hand.
"It seems," said Lucia with amusement, checking her legal pad, then looking up into Daren's eyes, "That your daughter was caught wearing something wildly inappropriate at school."
"That's right," said Victor with a chuckle, "your daughter is in trouble for wearing slutty clothes. I get it. At that age, awakening to her body, trying to get all the boys to look at her, to want her. She just needs a man to settle her down. How old is she now? 18 right? Lucia, make a note of that." Lucia gave a wide, shiny smile as she wrote quickly on the legal pad.
Cassie, in inappropriate clothes? Sure, sometimes she showed a little more cleavage than he was comfortable with, but surely no more than the other girls. He didn't even know she owned any clothes that could get her sent home from school...
"Anyway," said Victor, waving a dismissive hand. "I told them to bother Gina about it. She no doubt has more expertise in sluttiness and knowing when you've gone too far, than you do anyway. She can provide some guidance. In any case, you are needed here."
Well, Gina wouldn't be happy about that. But it seemed like Victor had made the decision for them, and it was easier to just go along.
"So," said Victor, leaning forward on his desk and arching his hands, "What is Gina's favorite restaurant?"
Daren's mind raced, his eyes darting around the room. How could he avoid this. Was there a way that he could firmly decline, but also not make Victor angry with him. Maybe it would be better to take a stand here, no matter the consequences, rather than continue the slippery slope of being walked over by this domineering man.
Daren had just about gotten the courage, and opened his mouth to say no, when Mr. Cross brought a palm down on the desk with a hard slap.
"You think that I'm playing around with you, you little worm?" He spoke with a cold anger and disdain that took Daren aback. He knew his boss didn't like him, but his voice dripped with unexpected disgust and loathing. "The only reason. The only reason I didn't fire you the Monday after the party is because I thought you might be useful to me. And the only reason that I don't also kick your ass is that it might make Gina dislike me at this stage. So, you could say no, and make your little stand, and I could toss your ass out on the street, and use my business connections to make sure you can't get another advertising job at any large firm in the United States. Then, I would take Gina on a date anyway, and things might take me a little bit longer, but the result would be the same either way. Or, you could give me some pretty tame information, keep your job, and enjoy the show. Sound good?"
Daren's mouth opened and closed. It was probably not a good idea to take advice from the man taking his wife out on a date, but what could he do? He tried to imagine coming home to tell Gina he had been fired after all the effort she put in to keep him in his job. ...and Mr. Cross was just so forceful, staring at him with a stern frown, eyes hard. Daren had never been good at this kind of thing, standing up to authority.
"Visconti's" He said in a choked whisper.
"What's that Harlowe? I couldn't hear you."
"V-visconti's is her favorite restaurant." He said miserably. In the corner, Lucia giggled as she took notes on the pad.
"Hmmmm, pretty good Italian, but I've had better. I know a place she will like more. Gina, make a reservation at Cassa Rossa tonight. Use my name, get a good seat."
Daren couldn't help but think about how rarely they were able to go to Visconti's, how much he had struggled to get a reservation.
"Next," said Victor briskly, "What sort of gift does she like, flowers? Jewelry?"
Daren drew his eyebrows together in thought. "Well, she doesn't like jewelry much," He said tentatively, "She said it looks too gaudy and attention seeking. She also says necklaces make her feel like a dog."
Victor Grinned "Lucia, write that down, the whole thing. Flowers then, at least tonight."
"Next topic, What type of cologne does your wife like?"
"Uhhh," Daren was at a loss. "I guess I'm not sure?"
Victor rolled his eyes. "Why am I not surprised? Are you wearing something she bought you right now?" Daren nodded sheepishly.
"Lucia, smell the man."
Lucia uncrossed her long smooth legs, crossed the room, and moved close, her warm expressive face inches from his neck. He could feel her hot breath.
"Woody, spices, vanilla." Said Lucia in a sultry voice, "Midrange." She added with a slight sneer.
Victor snapped his fingers. "Send that scent profile to my stylist, Lucy, he'll get me a scent that is similar, but better."
Victor turned cold eyes back to Daren.
"One last question. What turns your wife on?"
Daren blinked in disbelief. "Excuse me?"
"You heard me!" Said Victor with contempt, "Gina. What gets her hot? You know, in bed? You do have sex with your wife, right?"
"I... well I m-mean... that is..." The open implication from Victor that he planned to fuck Daren's wife had taken him completely off guard, rendering him speechless. Unwanted images of his cocky, dismissive boss with his beautiful fiery wife filled his mind. His mind produced an image of Victor and Gina locked in an embrace, kissing deeply, Victor's large cock pressed against her tender belly, Gina's large tits squashed against his firm, muscled chest. He saw it so clearly it could have been real. At the same time, that mysterious fox woman's words from the other night seemed to ring in his ears, whispering about how Victor had already won, and his wife was as good as fucked. He tried to hunch slightly to hide the shameful boner that was stiffening in his pants.
"Jesus Christ, Hardon!" Barked his boss, "it's not a complicated question! What makes your wife horny?"
"I d-don't know." Daren mumbled lamely.
Lucia completely lost her composure, snorting and giggling uncontrollably, tears in her eyes. Mr. Cross tried to shush her, but he was clearly holding back laughter himself.
"You know what Hardon, don't worry about it," said Victor with a broad grin, "I'm pretty sure I know more about it than you already anyway." And with that he gestured for Daren to leave.
Daren could hear their laughter all the way down the hall, as he scurried back to his cubicle, trying to hide the tent in his pants.
...
Cassie took her time in the shower. She wasn't sure she could face the eyes of the girls again. And Renee. She must have known that hugging Cassie like that would press her big, firm breasts into Cassie's back. Warm, soft and wet, skin to skin, big hard nipples impossible to ignore, like little lumps of red hot metal. Cassie couldn't help but remember the eyes of all the girls on her, as Renee whispered in her ear. Cassie's hand snuck down between her legs. To make sure everything was clean.... Mmmmmm... Maybe it was important to get things especially clean today.
Cassie heard a locker door slam, and then the locker room was silent. Cassie poked her head out of the showers. Everyone was gone. The coast was clear. Cassie cautiously walked out into the locked room, and caught her own eye in the mirrors above the sinks. The photo had been running through her mind all day. There was no one else around... maybe it wouldn't hurt to do a quick comparison. Cassie unwrapped her towel with a hand shaking from nerves, and dropped it to the floor.
The other girls may have been bitches about it, but they weren't lying. The details of the photo were burned into her memory, and unless she was greatly mistaken, the resemblance was uncanny. Huge, natural boobs sprawled luxuriously across her chest. Wide hourglass hips and thick thighs framed her tight little vagina. The only difference was that the woman in the photo had been blond and tan (like her mom), while she was pale and brunette.
She had never seen herself as a sexual object before, but in her mind, the same process that had affected her classmates was unavoidably taking place. Once that switch had been flipped, it was hard to see this body as anything other than a pornographic display.
Cassie cupped a large breast from below, sliding her hand up to pinch the nipple. Then she slid a hand down her hip, feeling the curve as it made its way towards her moistening pussy. Oh God, was she turning herself on? No wonder the boys couldn't help themselves.
She looked back up at the mirror and in shock saw a horny slut standing there, one leg up, hand working on her vagina, roughly squeezing her own breast. She jumped as though shocked. Time and place Cassie. She could sort through this confusing day in the privacy of her bedroom, but if someone walked into the locker room with her doing that it would be catastrophic.
She hurried to her locker and opened it up.
No way.
Where were her clothes?
Where was her gym bag for that matter?
Now that she looked, the locker room looked suspiciously clean. There were none of the assorted clothes and towels that everyone left lying around normally. There was just one bright pink gym bag lying on a bench.
Those girls had gone too far this time! She was going to have to report them to the principal. Cassie tried some of the other lockers to see if she could find some clothes to borrow, but all of them were either locked or empty.
Well, I guess that just leaves one option. Cassie walked over to check out the pink gym bag,shivering slightly now that the hot shower air was dissipating. She noticed with confusion that it looked like there was some sort of envelope on the top.
The Envelope read "To Kissy Swallowes" with little hearts over the "I"s and had a big pink lipstick print underneath. Crissie frowned. Kissy was an old middle school nickname that some bullies had given her when she had her first boyfriend in 7th grade. Luckily it hadn't made its way to high school. Until now at least. Swallowes was new, and she hoped that it didn't stick.
Curious now, Cassie opened the envelope.
Dear Kissy,
You've got the body for it, so why not embrace your new role as the school slut? It's time to be the center of attention...Just Like Mommy!
Love,
An Admirer
Crissie unzipped the bag, dreading what she would find.
The two pieces of fabric inside were so small that it took Cassie a moment to recognize them as clothes.
The first was a pink pleated skirt so small that it was more accurately just a fringe of cloth. It would cover next to nothing.
The second was some sort of microshirt made of incredibly stretchy bubblegum-pink material. Cassie had to stretch it a little to see the design clearly: a cutesy stylized lamb face with rainbow bubble letters beneath that read "JUST LIKE MOMMY!"
There were big pink platform shoes in the bag as well, and a black choker with a pendant that said "Mommy's Girl"
Cassie snorted derisively. This bully must think she was pretty dumb. The obvious play was to wait until the end of the day, and when people came in for after-school sports, someone would lend her some clothes. There was absolutely no way that she was going to put on these clothes. What did they think she was, some kind of airhead bimbo slut? She may have had a confusing, terrifying day, but she was a smart, driven young woman. There was no way she would be stupid enough to play into the hands of her bully by putting these clothes on.
Suddenly, she heard a loudspeaker crackle on in the hall outside the locker room.
"Would Cassie Harlowe please come to the main office for a meeting with the Franz Foundation Scholarship representative? Cassie Harlowe, main office."
Oh no! But Ms. Chambers had told her that he would be coming next week! That scholarship could be a significant way to help with her college tuition, and Cassie had even heard that sometimes colleges were more likely to accept Franz Foundation Scholarship recipients because it was so prestigious. It was so competitive that Cassie couldn't imagine that the representative would be impressed with a student who wouldn't even show up to a meeting. Cassie felt a whine of despair growing in her throat as she looked down at the fetishy clothes. What could she do?
...
Renee wiped the last of the pink lipstick off with a makeup wipe and threw it in the trash, as Ms Chambers clicked off the loudspeaker Microphone.
"So far, so perfect everybody!" She said cheerfully. Looking at the group assembled around the room.
"Miss Chambers, make another, more urgent announcement in about 5 minutes. We want to keep the mental pressure up. After that, wait until someone else has found her, and bring her back here to lecture her. After the bells rings though. That's important."
"Felipe, you are pretending to be a big-shot scholarship guy. It's not a complicated part, just look a little disgusted when you see her, and then leave." Felipe was one of her father's fixers, and had the right sophisticated look. He nodded confidently.
"Coach Farrow, Principal Wheaton, wait until she leaves the locker room, then track her down in the halls. Keep her right where she is until after the bell rings. She certainly won't come to the counseling office right away. No doubt she will cook up some kind of plan to get other clothes. Don't let her. You have the cameras to track her if you need to." Coach Farrow looked uncomfortable, but he would do what she wanted. He always did in the end.
"No doubt the sight of her will cause a...commotion in the student body," Said Renee with an evil grin, "people are going to take pictures and video. That's ok. We want that. Don't let anyone touch her though, she's not ready for that kind of thing yet."
"After that, I'll swoop in with a sympathetic ear. Remember, the idea isn't just to make her look like a slut. It's to make her feel like a slut. So really hit her with that victim blaming language; we need her to internalize it! Are we all set?" The four adults nodded, completely wrapped around this young woman's finger.
"Alright then! Let's make a school legend!"
...
Cassie turned the gym bad upside down, but no bra or panties fluttered out, not even skimpy ones.
She pulled the skirt on first. It was as bad as she feared. It rode up naturally, and when it did her pussy was clearly visible. When she tugged it down enough to cover herself. It made a raunchy display of her belly and hips, like an arrow drawing the eye downward.
In a lot of ways the shirt was even worse. When she tried to squeeze her breasts into the stretchy material, they held off only a moment before bursting free. Cassie realized with horror that the only reliable way to keep the shirt in place was to let the underside of her boobs out of the bottom, and rely on her nipples to keep the rest of the shirt in place partway up her breasts.
No freaking way would she wear the choker or the shoes. She would rather go barefoot.
She turned to the mirror, already knowing what she would see. It was worse than being nude. The "clothes" seemed designed to accentuate her dirtiest parts rather than hide them. She saw a voluptuous, horny slut, her partially exposed tits ready to fully pop out at any minute, her pussy just barely, tantalizingly covered. The cutesy mascot and slogan stretched across her showcased tits carried an obscene implication that any of the other students would recognize instantly. Was she really going to do this? Was it worth the risk that all the boys might see her this way? And why did that question stir up a sick heat in her belly?
The loudspeaker crackled on again.
"Cassie Harlowe, we need you in the office. This is important. The scholarship representative can't wait forever.'
Cassie had a plan. She knew Kelsey was in Biology this hour. She would walk quickly there, somehow get her attention without other people seeing her, then get Kelsey to lend her some gym clothes. If she hurried, she might make it before the representative left.
She peeked her head out of the door, looking first one way down the hall, then the other. She had maybe 10 minutes until the class period ended. She took a deep breath, which caused the ridiculous shirt to ride up alarmingly. Cassie tugged it back into place, then set off.
It always felt a little strange to be walking in the halls during class when they were empty like this. It felt even stranger now, bare feet cold on the tile, cool air conditioned air brushing the underside of her breasts and her bare pussy beneath the inadequate covering of the skirt.
Cassie was a woman on a mission, setting off at a quick walk towards the east stairwell: the fastest route to reach Kelsey's science classroom. Running was out of the question in this outfit: she would be risking exposure in several ways.
Cassie felt ridiculously exposed, worse than naked. If someone saw her in this ridiculous fetish gear, there could be no good excuse, just humiliating judgment. She would be branded some kind of pervert forever. Maybe, in fact, it would have even been smarter to try this plan totally naked. Then if she got caught, she could accurately say that all of her clothes were stolen.
Cassie's naked thighs rubbed together, and her boobs jostled and bounced distractingly as she neared the stairwell. She was unused to walking for any distance with this few clothes. Was her body always this bouncy and soft, or was the whole day's events making her especially aware of it?
She was halfway up the stairs when she heard them. The voice of two boys on the stairs, talking to each other. Must be cutting class.
"Oh yeah man, I would fuck the shit out of her. Her mom too!"
"Haha, hell yeah man. They can both come get this. We can get a threesome going."
"You think she puts out?"
"Fucking of course, dude. Bitches with bodies like that can't help but want the D, it's in their genes or something. You saw how horned up she got just from guys paying attention to her today."
Shit! They were blocking her way. The fact that she was hearing yet another demeaning conversation about herself barely registered at this point. She paused on the steps, wringing her hands. She couldn't wait too long, or the bell would ring. Should she try another way? Or just try to rush past them? No, then the story of her wearing this would get spread through the whole school.
"Anyway, I'll catch you later, man. I'm headed out the side door before the period lets out and the teachers are in the halls."
"Alright, later dude."
Yes! That meant they were leaving. Cassie realized almost too late that it also meant that a boy would be coming down the stairs towards her. She turned and ran down the stairs, boobs popping free, skirt riding high on her waist. She raced for the shadows under the stairs and pressed herself against the wall. Seconds later, a burnout looking senior reached the bottom of the stairs.
Luckily, he turned and walked down the hall without looking back, leaving the sweaty, trembling Cassie leaning for support against the wall, shirt bunched up over her tits, skirt up around her belly button, juicy pussy on display.
Cassie realized with disgust that she was getting flustered. Hot and bothered. What exactly about this was turning her on? The risk to her reputation if caught? The thought of the judging eyes of the students on her barely covered body?
Cassie adjusted her clothes, pulling the already strained stretchy skirt over now-swelling nipples. They actually held the shirt in place better, but made for a truly obscene display, as the skin tight material showed every contour of her engorged nipples and areola.
She had even less time now. She had to make it to Kelsey's class fast. She hurried up the stairs as quickly as her bouncing breasts would allow, and sped walked down the science hallway. Almost there! Now how could she get Kelsey's attention without alerting the whole class?
A chill went up her spine as she heard a stern voice behind her say: "Cassie? Cassie Harlowe? Good lord, girl! What on earth are you wearing?"
Oh noooo, not Principal Wheaton! He had a serious demeanor, but the persistent rumors were that he was a total perv. Well, thought Cassie, steeling herself, the rumors about her were untrue, so maybe it went the same for him. Surely he would recognize the gravity of the situation and let her hide somewhere. Maybe he could even help to explain to the scholarship representative what was going on.
She turned to face him, but any hope she had about the situation quickly died.Principal Wheaton's wrinkled face was pulled up in a cruel grin, and his eyes moved busily up and down her body.
"I don't care how badly you want sex, Ms. Harlowe," said Principal Wheaton with a little chuckle, "School is just not the place to advertise your... assets so blatantly."
"You don't understand, sir!" Cassie could hear the desperate whine in her voice, could see that it made the principal even more amused. Her pussy gave a little spasm as she realized that principal Wheaton was about to make this situation a lot worse. "The other girls, they took my clothes!"
Principal Wheaton stalked close, eyes on her tits, then her thighs. "And so you decided to dress like a whore in school? I must admit, Cassie, it doesn't make much sense to me." He circled her as she hung her head and cringed, her nipples tightening, hardening more than she thought was possible. "You know, maybe what you need is a good spanking, like back in my day." He was almost visibly drooling at the thought. "Some firm discipline would set you straight." For a second, she thought she felt the trail of a thin finger trace along the curve of her ass, but then it was gone, and Principal Wheaton was still circling.
"I understand that I shouldn't be dressed this way, sir," said Cassie desperately, looking at the hall clock. "But could we discuss it in your office? Not out in the halls?"
Principal Wheaton laughed a low, hoarse laugh. "So, you want to get me alone, huh? Have a "private conversation"? What a brazen proposition. And don't think I'm not tempted Ms. Harlowe," he said, his eyes lingering on her young, full body, "But you worked so hard to sneak out in those clothes, and I see no reason to spoil your fun. When you catch a kid smoking, you make them smoke a whole pack. Let's see what the other students think of your cute little outfit."
And with that, the bell rang.
Senior Students came pouring out of the Science classroom. Cassie tried to hide behind Principal Wheaton, but although he clearly enjoyed the accidental contact her body made with his, he was unwilling to help, and dodged out of her way.
There were gasps when people saw what Cassie was wearing, followed by pointing fingers, laughs and shouts. Cassie's breath heaved in and out, her face turning bright red, the blush quickly spreading down to her chest. She could see herself in her mind as they saw her now. Crotch barely covered by a scrap of pink cloth, Wide curving hips emphasized and on display. Huge pale tits only partially restrained by a flimsy barrier. Hard, swollen nipples poking up through a winking, obscene message mocking her and her mother's debasement. The perfect slut. Phones were coming out of pockets, photos being snapped, videos recording. She could hear snippets of loud excited conversations from the dense crowd that was quickly forming around her.
"Woooow"
"...Total slut.."
"Just Like Mommy! That's so hilarious!"
"Built to take dick man, I'm telling you."
"So that was her mom, and she's into it? That's fucked up!"
"Wow, she looks like a pornstar!"
This was too much, she backed up against the wall, the crowd pressing in a tight circle around her, phones waving. One boy was shoving his phone in low, trying to get a video under her skirt. She was torn between covering her face with her hands, and trying to use them to cover up more. She decided on the latter, and tugged her skirt down, exposing the top of her neatly trimmed pubes, thought about moving it back, decided it was too risky.
She was horrified to realize that she was the horniest that she had ever been in her whole life. It was hard to think straight, with all of those eyes focused on her. The eyes that wanted her at the same time that they lost all respect for her. They all blended together, until she saw Peter there in the crowd, her best friend, her crush. She realized with a breaking heart that he too had his phone out, his eyes guilty, but bright and lustful as he stared at her body.
"What is the meaning of this?!?" Ms Chambers, a pretty young counselor at the school, cleared her way through the crowd, with a suave looking older man in tow. "What are all of you...Cassie?"
She looked shocked to see Cassie's state. The man behind her shook his head in bewilderment. "This is Cassie Harlowe?"
"I am afraid so Mr. Jones"
"I think I had better get going..." And the man turned to leave, a look of disgust on his face. No! The scholarship representative!
"W-wait sir!" Said Cassie, desperate to explain, if she could just tell her side of the story maybe he would listen. But she threw her arm out a little too violently to call after him, and her stretchy little shirt finally betrayed her, rolling up on one side and freeing one stiff, bubblegum-pink nipple into the cool hallway air. She clapped a hand over it as quickly as she could, but based on the Oohs and Aahs from the crowd, many had already seen tit, and based on the number of phones out, it was probably captured from many angles.
...
"We found this in the locker room." Said Ms. Chambers flatly, holding up Cassie's regular gym bag. "There was no 'bright pink gym bag' or 'bullying letter' to be found."
Cassie hung her head in Ms. Chambers' office, still dressed in the porny clothes. Ms. Chambers had put down some newspaper before allowing her to sit on the padded chair. "So that...uh... nothing gets stained, dear." Honestly, she was probably right to do so. Despite her tears and anger and shame, Cassie's pussy was soaking wet. She would only find out later how many of the photos taken in the hall had captured the brilliant shine of wetness between her thighs.
" I just don't understand Cassie," said Ms. Chambers sadly, "you are such a bright, talented young girl. I know that it can be tempting to get... attention from your peers, but there are better ways."
Cassie had given up explaining already. Today, she had been totally and completely beaten by some anonymous bully. She thought of herself as smart and strong. Not someone to mess with. But someone had messed with her. She felt so defeated, so stupid, so degraded. Her reputation was ruined. And her head was all messed up, a effed up mix of anger, shame and horniness. The rest of the year was going to be hell, dodging the same looks she had gotten today. But worse now, because they didn't just have pictures of someone who looked like her mom. They had pictures of her.
"If you're lucky, none of the colleges you applied to will catch wind of this little incident." Said Ms. Chambers archly. That sent a twist of fear through Cassie's gut. Her only hope now was to get into a good college and leave this town behind. Everyone here would forever know her as the "Just Like Mommy" slut. She was sure that those photos would be passed around for years, no matter how much the administration tried to suppress them Heck, principal Wheaton probably was keeping some copies for himself. She gritted her teeth and resolved herself. She would get into a great college and leave this little incident in the dust. Maybe she could still get in some applications for colleges with later application dates...
"I've called your mother. She's coming to get you. I told her to bring a change of clothes. You can stay here in the meantime. I have to go discuss something with the Principal. I'll come get you when your mother gets here."
And with that, Ms. Chambers left the office, leaving Cassie alone with her feelings. She sniffled a little and squirmed on the crinkly newspaper. Ms. Chambers had taken the gym bag with her for some reason. Couldn't she have just changed into her other clothes?
The door softly opened and clicked shut. Cassie turned her head, expecting Ms Chambers to be back, realizing her mistake with the gym bag. Instead, she saw Renee, her face painted with concern.
"I heard about what happened, Cass." Said Renee sympathetically, "Me and the other cheer girls are really upset that this happened to you."
Renee drew closer, kneeling beside her next to the chair. "Come here," she said, holding her arms wide, "give me a hug." Cassie didn't hesitate, her face crumpled into a sob, and she tightly hugged Renee to her chest, her ample breasts squashing the "Just Like Mommy!" letters into Renee's equally impressive chest.
"It wasn't me Renee! Someone took my clothes! No one will believe me!" She was crying now, tears running down her face. She buried her face into Renee's warm shoulder.
"I know honey," said Renee gently, stroking her hair, her sadistic grin out of Cassie's sight, "I believe you. Me and all of the girls on the cheer squad are on your side."
Cassie took a shuddering breath. "Did you see anything Renee? They must have planted the bag soon after I got into the showers."
A flash of concentration moved across Renee's face. This girl really was sharp. She would have to stay on her toes. "Sorry Cass, I didn't see a thing, but I did leave pretty quickly." This seemed to satisfy her, and they were quiet for a moment, Cassie gently shuddering in Renee's arms.
"Listen," said Renee, drawing back, practiced look of sympathy on her face, "I want to help you beat this. I'm busy tonight, but Melissa and Katie are going to have you over to Melissa's night for a girls night." Cassie looked nonplussed. She didn't even really know either girl. "No arguing girl! You shouldn't be alone tonight, you need friends. Let's plan a day out soon, just the two of us. I have some big ideas for how you can turn this whole thing around." Cassie looked unsure, but then smiled weakly and nodded. "Good girl. Just you watch, this whole thing will be over and in the past before you know it." Renee pulled Cassie in for another hug, and grinned widely over her shoulder. In fact, if she got what she wanted, this was just the beginning.
...
Cassie walked out to the curb quickly, glad that the rest of the students were safely in classes once again and couldn't see her walk out for the pickup. That didn't stop the school security guard from copping an eyeful, so focused that he couldn't even do it subtly.
Her mom stood on the curb next to her SUV looking annoyed and impatient, ready to let her daughter have the rough side of her tongue. She looked as fierce and beautiful as always, the woman that Cassie had looked up to since she was a little girl.
As she turned and saw what Cassie was wearing, her eyebrows shot up over her sunglasses, clearly so shocked that she couldn't even start the angry speech she had been thinking of. Cassie was sure she would hear plenty of it, with some choice newly added parts, on the way home in the car. But she couldn't focus on that now. She was running her eyes over her mom's breasts, her thighs, her hair, her lips. Much the same way she was sure her mom was doing to her behind her sunglasses. It was the first time that either of them had considered the other as a sexual object. It would shift their relationship forever, subtly for now.
Cassie knew as soon as she studied her mother's body.
It had definitely been Gina in that picture.