Thursday morning, two days before High School Graduation. One if you don't count today.
Paige Turner and her newly rekindled friend Madison Daily sat in the lunch room trying to determine what the mystery meat on the menu was. Deciding to go Vegan for the day they purchased salads, making their way to a table consisting of other girls. It was Paige's idea to go in stealthy and healthy to listen in on what they had to say about Madison's makeover transformation. No longer did the blond wear clothing too big for her just to fit her already sizable hips and chest. With Paige's assistance the girl made one hell of a change to her daily routine. Funny that, being as Daily was her last name.
"Don't look, but Chelsea Cooper and Trixie Wiggins are looking right at you."
"They are? Are they giving me the stink eye?" Maddy grew flustered, wanting to look but keeping her gaze locked on to Paige.
"Nope. Their jaws are dropped though. They're whispering a lot. I think they just can't believe how gorgeous you are now. I'm really glad your Mom liked what we did."
"So much so that she let me buy contacts so I don't have to wear glasses to Graduation Saturday night. They feel strange but they do make me look cute."
"I should wear mine more often. I actually like wearing my glasses though. They make me look smart."
"You are smart. Straight A's and on the Honor Roll. You just want guys to think you're nerdy so you can come out of your cocoon and become a butterfly."
"Awww! That was sweet. I wuvs you Maddy."
"Same here. I'm glad we got reacquainted. When are we gonna hang out again?"
"I was thinking about asking Daddy if I can have a girls sleepover. His girlfriend's daughter Coochie is really cool so I was thinking the three of us could do something next week to celebrate our freedom."
"Like what?"
"Like tease guys." Paige winks.
"How can we do that if it's a sleepover?"
"We invite guys to sleep over silly."
"What about your Dad?"
"He won't stop anything that we wanna do. My Daddy is the coolest."
"Does he even remember me?"
"Of course he does. I mentioned you when I got home from shopping Tuesday night. After I showed him our selfie he knew you right off."
"Awesome. Are Trixie and Chelsea still looking this way?"
"Kinda." Paige points behind Maddy as her eyes bulge.
"Are they...?"
"Right behind you."
"Hi Madison." Trixie sat down beside Maddy and rested her elbow on the table. "We love what you've done to yourself."
"Really?"
"No offense but you really should have done this years ago." Chelsea drops into the seat opposite Maddy. Finding herself surrounded Madison flares her eyes trying to process this sudden attention.
"I know. I have Paige to thank for making me see my true self. Thanks for the compliment."
"Anytime. I saw a pic of you on Facebook with Beau Stewart. Are you and he...dating?"
"We're just friends. He really posted a photo of us on Facebook?"
"You make a cute couple." Chelsea adds smiling.
"Maybe. We haven't discussed going on a date or anything. I think he's shy. So am I kind of."
"We're working on that." Paige chimes in.
Trixie turns her attention upon Paige with a curious look, "So Turner...wearing those butt zipper jeans the guys keep unzipping?"
"Nope. Trying to behave until after we graduate."
"Do you really think Brett Chenowyth or Drew are going to let you behave?"
"Nice poster by the way. I never realized you had such a sexy body." Chelsea smirks with a blush.
"You saw that?"
"Who hasn't? You're stealing our thunder Turner." Trixie frowned, "All the boys do is talk about you. We heard about Drew's party. Did you really...?"
"Get gangbanged?" Paige poses before sipping her soda through a straw with a devilish look in her eyes.
"Oh my God!" Chelsea peaked her brows in shock, "You really did didn't you?"
"Whoa!" Maddy huffed, surprised by this new tidbit of info that she had missed. She knew Paige was a sexual beast these days but, a gangbang? "Whoa!" She couldn't avoid seconding her thought.
"I've done worse." Paige giggled.
"Slut." Trixie sneered before chuckling.
"Takes one to know two." Paige razzes the girls. She knew that Trixie and Chelsea both had a bit of a reputation themselves. Chelsea had a near perfect body and long brunette hair sporting a tight crisp perm. Trixie although having huge tits in the 40 category but skinny minny from the waist down made her bankable to the guys. Her strawberry blond hair which barely touched her shoulders gave her a signature hotness.
"Has Brett told you his plans for later today?" Trixie took interest.
"Plans? Ummm! Not really. What don't I know?" Paige went expressionless while Maddy darted her eyes from girl to girl.
Trixie leaned closer whispering, "I heard that he and his stooges were planning on drilling glory holes all over school, making you suck dicks. You won't even know who it is you're blowing."
Paige busted up laughing and settled forward to whisper back, "Sounds fun. Anyone want to join me? If we can't see them, they can't see us." Trixie and Chelsea drop their jaws yet again. Suddenly, they just didn't know how to respond.
"What's a glory hole?" Maddy expressed her innocence.
"A hole in a wall where you can't see who is on the other side. Of course, that goes both ways, they can't see the girl either." Chelsea enlightens her with Paige scowling after she had said the same thing, talk about stealing thunder.
"Never thought of that." Trixie thought it over, "What if we have to suck off someone repulsive? You just know Brett is that evil."
"I think Brett is repulsive, but I'm sure he thinks the same of me..." Maddy fidgets, recalling all of the times he had made fun of her over the years.
"As much as I love sucking dick I can honestly say I'd rather not blow Brett." Paige winces picturing her Mother's boyfriend Mark Rapier, "His blackmail threats remind me of someone else I know."
"Brett is blackmailing you?" Maddy stared in shock.
"Yeah, threatening to tell the faculty so that I don't get to Graduate. That and tell my parents." Of course, Paige omitted that her Dad knew everything.
With a glint of sadness Maddy pouted, "That's horrible."
"It's okay, I made a deal to do anything they wanted me to do after I get my diploma."
"Anything?"
"Really, Madison it's okay. I like sex and I think I have the guys wrapped around my pinky."
"I don't know if I could actually do that glory thing going in blind." Chelsea shakes her head slowly with a troubled brow.
"Use a wet wipe on the dick before you wrap your mouth around it. Dip it in something sugary so it masks the taste. Kitchen's still open." Paige points toward the cafeteria vending machines, which included a self serve ice cream machine. "Chocolate syrup? Bubble gum flavor?"
"I don't know." Chelsea offered a queer expression of distaste.
"I've only given one blowjob ever. I'm not that experienced." Maddy frets weighing her participation should they go through with it. "I know I don't want to suck Brett."
"There's our problem." Trixie puffs her lower lip, "A glory hole doesn't allow you to know who you're taking in."
Paige poises a finger while having a brainstorm idea, her jaw lowered as she mulls over how to make her idea happen.
"What's on your mind Turner?"
"You just made a valid point Trix...we play a trick on them." She shares an evil grin. The girls seemed to be on her side. "Follow my lead and don't tell anyone. Especially the guys. I'll find out Brett's plan and fill you in. Join me?"
The three girls stare amongst themselves. Maddy puts her hand palm down on the table to create a bond, "I'm in. I think."
As Paige puts her palm on Maddy's knuckles, Trixie shrugs, "What the hell, me too." From there she reaches over Maddy crushing her toward Chelsea to obtain her friends hand, "She's in too."
"I am? What?" As Paige, Maddy, and Trixie stare Chelsea down she rolls her eyes. "I'll go get a Styrofoam cup of chocolate syrup."
"Bubblegum flavored syrup too." Paige snickers, "Oooo! Buy some real bubblegum while you're at it. We can blow dicks then bubbles."
"You're weird Turner, but I think I dig you." Trixie smirked. " Where can I buy butt zipper jeans?"
As the girls finished lunch with chatting and clothing tips, the bell resumed to head back to classes. Trixie would end up telling Drew that she wanted to participate. All the better for the boys ego. The day was half over, but Paige would realize soon that there were a lot of boys cutting class. She surmised that they were also cutting holes. This was going to be hilarious if she could pull it off. That is, if it actually happened.
"Hi Patrick."
Paige confronted a boy that she had spoken too many times when he seemed sad. Patrick Nichols was a short, thin boy in her graduating class that appeared lost and alone among the other students. Being feminine did not help. Even though he was still hiding in the closet, the boy was very much gay. Very few people knew this, Paige while suspecting never had confronted him over it. Today was the day.
"Hi Paige. You look cute today."
"I'm always cutesy." She giggles placing her chin on her shoulder to batt her eyes at him. Instinctively, he did the same chuckling.
"Can we talk?" Paige hugged his bicep as he nods, curious of her thoughts. She had never once been mean to him so a trust was definitely there. She pulls him aside out of range of local locker ears. Whispering her predicament she offers him a once in a lifetime chance to stay in the closet, so to speak. His interest was definitely piqued. Safe to say Pickles Nichols was in. A disguise would be needed.
After her next class Paige met with Maddy at Beau's locker, explaining their strategy. "Okay stud we need your help." Paige hugged one arm as Maddy hugged his other. Feeling trapped he rolled his eyes.
"What now? I'm not letting Maddy shave my pubes."
Both girls found that thought interesting. If Maddy had not said, "I like your forest Beau." Paige might have actually suggested it for real. It would be funny, knowing just how much shaving down there itched for days.
"Know anything about Brett's glory hole plan?"
"Yep! Don't want any part of it." Maddy smiled at him feeling honored that he felt faithful to her.
"Good for you Beau Beau." Paige hugged his arm tighter, "I need an inside man. All we want is for you to text me who is where."
"That would mean participation. Wait!" He looks over at Maddy, "You're not..."
"I told the girls I would. They're finally accepting me I feel obligated."
"Relax. She's not blowing anybody but you. I got this Beau. Just help me out here so I know who is at each glory hole. Especially Brett and his idiot friends. Trixie, Chelsea, and I will deal with the holes. Maddy is just going in with us for effect."
"You disappointed?" Beau smirks at Madison.
"No. Scared, but if you...don't want me to I won't." She looks for concern, searching his expression as to his desires for her. Beau puckered between she and Paige.
"I don't care, go for it." His simple shrug made Madison pout. Hurt she toughened up quickly and told Paige she was totally in. Paige shook her head and hit Beau in the stomach making him flinch.
"What was that for?"
"Sensitivity training." Paige glared, "Next spot is your balls."
"You just said Maddy wasn't blowing anyone. So I was only...I'll text you. The guys are in the prop room where the school's stage plays build their sets. They've secretly been constructing an enclosure with six holes. That's where it will take place after school. Shit!" He panics, "Here comes Drew and Brett now. Let me get out of here before they think I'm a snitch. Zip it." Breaking away he stops just long enough to hurry back and give Maddy a peck on the cheek. Her sadness faded instantly in favor of a blush.
"There's our baby doll slut." Brett cozied up to Paige.
"Here I am."
"Have we got a treat for you. Lots of treats actually."
"Should I act giddy and clap my hands?"
"Bounce up and down even." Brett chuckles. He just wanted to see braless Paige making her tits dance. Not this time.
"Fill me in." She kept things serious.
Eying Maddy, Brett nods, "Ears burning Daily?
"My friend stays here. Give me details."
"You're getting bossy Turner."
"I just want to get this all over. Whatever you need me to do I'll do."
"I'm with Paige." Maddy leaps in without thinking.
"Not letting her..." Drew winced grossly.
"Not letting her do what?" Paige placed an arm around Madison's shoulder.
"Glory holes Turner. Be in the gym storage room at 3:45. Drew says you have competition even. Trixie and Chelsea volunteered to lighten up your load and ours."
"Whoa! They wanna...WHOA!" Paige aimed for an Oscar performance, "I'll be there."
"So will I." Maddy insisted. Paige patted her shoulder as Drew told Maddy the worst thing she could hear.
"Not enough room for tubby girls."
"Don't be mean." Paige stood up to him.
"Calling it how I see fit." He laughs, "Dolly Madison won't fit."
"Then, I'll go in by myself."
Brett busted up, "Last call." They would just lock her inside and go home. Strangely, Brett knew how that felt, him being locked in the trunk of a car.
"3:45 Turner. Not a second later."
"Yes Brett. Suck you later."
They liked her sudden zest. This was going to be hilarious. Let Maddy join, they had no intention of letting her take part. Neither did Paige. Once gone and just before the next class bell Paige whispered her plans into Maddy's ear. Jaw dropping, and eyes bulging, all Madison Daily could say was, "SO EVIL."
The Devil's Daughter was a redhead.
After her next class Paige went alone into the schools prop room and swiped a few necessities for her own plans. Curious of the built enclosure she made certain none of the boys were present. Circling the drywall octagon with six carved holes she notes something on the floor. The enclosure was over what looked like a trap door, resting half way on top of it. Having been in a play her sophomore year she recalled the trap door as an escape route for actors. "Brilliant idea Red."
She grinned setting her stolen props aside in order to throw her weight into nudging the enclosure over a few feet. Not very stable, it was a tad wobbly, she held her breath that it wouldn't collapse. If it did then there would be no need for anything today. Luckily she managed to move it without destroying their less than hard work. Hopefully they wouldn't notice. Hearing voices Paige gathered her things and ducked into the octagon. Kneeling down she carefully lifted the trap door and made her magical escape. Thankfully the door to the backstage entrance wasn't locked. Dusting herself off Paige raced away. So far, so good.
With her devilish plans coming together she touched base with her fellow confidantes and truly hoped none of them would betray her. Cornering Beau between classes a second time today, she made certain that he knew that she would keep Madison from going too far. Mentioning the trap door made him chuckle, he had forgotten all about that feature. Hopefully everyone had. The jocks and assholes in school were not too bright. She was counting on that. If it failed and they called her out and repositioned the enclosure then she would just suck them all off and make Maddy sit down and wait until it was all over. If her entire plan succeeded then maybe the arrogant bastards like Brett Chenowyth and his cronies would leave her alone once and for all.
On her way to next period she crossed paths with Patrick Nichols who was with two close friends. Boys that Paige knew were decidedly closet cases that so wanted to come out but were hesitant due to ridicule.
"Paige?" Patrick scurried through students to reach her. Halting in step Paige gets nudged by multiple oncoming students to which she geekily apologized to. Girls treated her to shy grins, boys more let's do that again. As Patrick drags his allies with him they pull her aside. Seeing his friends appearing giddy she worried that he might have blown their secret plan.
"This is Timothy and Peter."
She snorts then tells them, "Sorry. It just sounded like a Priest and...anyway. What's up?"
"Don't remind me of Priests." Peter rolls his eyes and dares to whisper, "Been there."
"TMI!" She winced.
"Peter's out now so he doesn't keep it in any longer." Patrick praises his friend.
"Oh my gosh." She giggles.
"What? Share bitch." Patrick grins with flaring eyes.
"Pat, Peter, Timothy." She laughs pointing at each in sequence.
"I like her." Timothy pats Peter's crotch, "Did I make you proud Paige?"
"You made Peter proud. Not looking sorry." She chuckles as Peter hides a sported woody thanks to Timothy's flippant touch.
"Boys...ummm I think. Sorry new to this...how would you like to have some fun?"
"You read our minds." Patrick playfully pinches her cheek.
"Ohhhh! Brett is gonna be sooooo pissed." She clenches her teeth then huddles carefully to reveal her mission plan. Hopefully nobody got killed in the process. They loved it and chose to skip classes just to prepare. Paige maintained her schedule being an honor student required her to not slack on attendance. Not that she had never done that before but this being so close to graduation she wanted to keep up appearances. Still, her mind was racing hard. If today went well she could bypass the deal she made with Brett with a bit of her own blackmail. Everyone knew the risk but humiliating those asshats seemed too good to be true. Let it ride.
In class Paige sat next to Chelsea and filled her in on new events. The girl laughed hard and swore to secrecy. If they could pull this off it would make school history. After class they told Trixie and Maddy of a slight change in plans. Everyone had a difficult time keeping a straight face. There were guys lingering and looking at them that they knew were going to participate. Paige grew worried they might think something was up so she and Trixie chose to run interference and move in too tantalize them early. Rubbing up on the boys made them lose any thoughts on betrayal. Reputations maintained the girls told them as the bell rang, "I can't wait to taste your cocks." and "Cum hard for me Eric." They definitely approved and answered in equal lust.
Time ticking away, nerves were being tested. Trixie appeared ready, Paige was born ready. Chelsea held her breath and trembled. Maddy? She daydreamed about Beau in the backseat of his car. Next time she hoped that she wouldn't bleed like a stuck pig. She really hoped Beau liked her enough. A text from him slyly viewed in class confirmed that theory, her feet dancing on the floor while still seated. In another class Beau Stewart dared to take a pic of his tented crotch and send it to Maddy. She was in hog heaven. If she could squeal without getting yelled at she would.
Final bell heard the students rallied with a wail of "ONE MORE DAY." Their reign of terror nearly over for one lifetime, they leaped from their seats and partied in the halls their own special way. Paige weaving through the rejoice met eyes with Beau who gave her a thumbs up. Maddy beside him gave him a hug, uncaring what people thought. Beau himself was warming up to battle any ridicule. It was on it's way as Brett Chenowyth passed by making pig noises toward Madison. "FEEDING TIME. SUEY!" Beau wanted to punch that asshole but kept his cool. Maddy was proud of him.
"Sooo gonna fuck that bastard up." He laughed. Within his locker was a trusty handheld video camera. Hidden behind his back he kissed Maddy on the cheek and went off to get ready for action. Literally.
"Ready to meet my meat Turner?" Brett taunted Paige with an arm around her shoulder, his hand dangling to squeeze her tit.
"Always." She flirts with glistening eyes, "How many guys am I blowing?"
"It matter?"
"Guess not. Just preparing my nerves."
"Twenty maybe. You just make sure you drink every drop of cum we shoot."
"You know i will." She wags her tongue at him.
"Y'know Turner...after graduation and before that gangbang party we should date. I'm really starting to dig you."
"I'd like that."
"Let's go fill that cute tummy." He guides her along. Friends Cody and Aaron latching on to Chelsea and Trixie they couldn't keep their hands in check. Both girls bulged their eyes at being pawed up. It was a long walk to the gym, with a few backstage passes before entering the enclosure room. Eying the floor Paige sighed with relief, nobody had moved it back.
"Clothing off ladies." Brett threw his arms to his sides like a General giving a pep talk to his troops. Guys were sneaking in right and left as Paige takes the lead stripping down to complete nudity. Trixie followed next while Chelsea needed an assist of multiple guys wanting that hot bitch naked. Once the three girls stood shivering at all the drooling faces they found Drew opening the enclosure door. The guys were glad Maddy had chickened out.
"Entrée." He chuckled, "Will be in a few that is."
Paige rubbed her tight belly and went, "Yummy in my tummy."
Trixie and Chelsea snickered at her babylike voice. Strangely it turned even them on. Following Paige's lead the three divas knelt and crawled through the low hanging door. Asses were slapped on the way in to a symphony of "OUCH!"
Closed in tightly guys grew eager to whip out their dicks to take turns inhabiting the six drilled glory holes. Brett Chenowyth leading the charge laughing. As soon as they plugged their chosen hole the men stood idle waiting. Nothing at first until Brett found a set of soft lips around his cock.
"There it is." He bragged. "Wonder who's...damn!" He felt a lustful rapid deep throat that made him lose his train of thought, "Fuck yeah! Suck that cock."
Drew and Aaron were next to feel lips. Smug looks shared amongst them the time passed quickly. Dick after dick detonates into greedy mouths. With only three inside, some boys had to wait their turn standing with an empty hole and looking stupid. Their turn came and came hard. Brett going in for a second helping discovered a new sensation. Weirdest tongue he had ever felt but he tried to enjoy it. Certainly one of the other girls this time.
Within the enclosure a changing of the guard had occurred long ago. Inside now via trap door, swapping Patrick, Timothy, and Peter for the girls, fed like never before, their hunger fantasy for studs being fulfilled without them ever knowing the truth. Blindsided the boys outside didn't know the difference. As long as that door didn't open they were gold.
At the back door entrance Paige, Trixie, and Chelsea stood naked giggling at a masked level, hands over their mouths to muffle the racket. Both girls praised Paige for being the coolest. Too much fun. Madison bringing them their gym t-shirts from the locker room was enough to cover up in. Let their cheeks hang out.
"Where's Beau?" Maddy looked puzzled.
Paige places an arm around her shoulder, "In there recording as an inside man. Probably vomiting." Sure enough via trap door Beau Stewart recorded three remarkable senior queers loving every second of it. Each showing off for the camera with a dick in their mouths. Prop wigs on making them look like the girls as much as possible. Beau didn't hurl but the thoughts that he once told Paige he was gay made him uneasy. Deciding on enough footage he quietly departed. Leaving their sausage fest to continue he escaped and met up with the girls. Paige then sent him in to record the guys from the outside.
Brett going in for a third round sees Beau and grins like the devil. "Get in here Stewart. Share the wealth."
"I'm good Bro. I just thought you might like something to remember this by." He raises the camera having switched out the memory card for safety reasons. A fresh view in case Brett wanted to watch it later. Their egos would make that inevitable. What grossed Beau out was all the guys dramatizing their ejaculations. Knowing three gay men were devouring every drop made their show all the more nauseating.
As the guys tired out and the time reaching 5:00 Beau called it quits. "Time to thank our lovely mouths." He goes to open the door.
Startled, Beau yells, "WAIT! Let me get a good shot of them." He pauses checking his camera while Brett winces. Not wanting him to get suspicious Beau crouches in front of the door, camera poised. Without further ado Brett Chenowyth opens the enclosure door for the shock of his life. Within sat Paige, Trixie, and Chelsea licking their lips and fanning themselves. T-shirts long gone.
"There's our cum guzzling sluts. JOB WELL DONE LADIES."
Paige crawls out first and yet again rubs her belly, "I couldn't eat another drop. OH MY GOSH! I'm so bloated now."
Guys laughing at her kiddy tone makes her blush. Making way for Trixie, and Chelsea to exit the three girls hug each other giggling, "THAT WAS SO MUCH FUN." as one voice. The boys could not agree more.
Beau standing up shuts his camera off and chuckles "That's a wrap."
"Wrapped around our dicks." Aaron brags
"Can we get dressed now?" Trixie asks, "I need to get home."
With clothing cast their way the girls quickly get dressed and walk out with the boys. Making their way through the gymnasium they all noticed Patrick, Timothy, and Peter sitting on the bleachers. They were wearing their clothes but with a distinct difference. Each of them were wearing gym t-shirts with the girls names on them. Not a single boy gave it a thought. Too fucking funny.
All the boys heard was, "QUEERS!"
"Proud of it." The trio snickered.
Another trio, this time of girls merely smiled sheepishly. Beau showed Brett the video and offered to make copies for everyone. They definitely wanted that. Of course, once spliced together by Beau's magical computer they would never be a problem again.
"No more closet Guys." Patrick pep talks his food fighter friends.
"Only trap doors." Timothy laughs.
"Back doors." Peter ended their school year with glee.
Paige? Tomorrow had to be for the girls. Including Madison Daily. Not to be left out ever again.
"Now who has eggs on their faces." Paige told her friends. "Whoa!"
"What?" Trixie needed to know, Chelsea just as intrigued.
"I'm bringing breakfast tomorrow."
The redhead zipped her lip and hugged her new friends.
"Donuts?"
"Something with...for holes."
Giggling was all they could do.
===========================
Coming soon : Paige 29 : HUMPTY DUMPTY