When I awoke late the next morning, my first thoughts were of Don. Since I only had time to get ready to go to work, I decided to call him during my lunch hour and try and initiate a date with him.
Surprisingly, I was nervous when I finally found time to make that phone call. I got his answer machine. "Hi Don. This Joan, the lady from the dress store. I hope that you remember me. I would very much like to meet you at a place of your convenience for some coffee. Please let me know if this is amenable to you". I hung up quickly, nervous about putting myself out there like that, but it felt right doing that for him. I was really hoping that he would call back.
Around 8:00pm that evening, the phone rang. "Hello Joan, this is Don returning your call". My heart leaped and we proceeded to have a wonderful conversation. The result was that I was to meet him this Saturday at the Starbucks near the dress shop in the mall.
That Saturday morning, I tried on several outfits trying to find the right one to make an impression on Don. I ended up wearing a dress that was modest yet flattering to my figure. I must have succeeded judging by the look on his face as he rose from his table as I walked into the coffee shop. As I sat down, Don asked what I would like to drink. "If they, have it, distilled water. If not, whatever spring water they have".
He went to order our drinks. I watched him as he did so. I was just drawn to him. I could not understand it!
He returned with a coffee for himself and my water. "I thought it was a little strange you want only water when you invited me out for coffee".
"I do not drink coffee. It would have seemed strange to you if I invited out for drink of water". Laughing, Don agreed with my assessment.
We sat there for an hour just getting to know each other. He told me about his wife passing away two years ago. How her passing strengthened an already strong relationship with his daughter. I did tell him that I was divorced but really did not get into the particulars of my marriage, the divorce, and especially about my present arrangement with Stan.
As I sat there with him, I was so drawn toward him. I wanted to see this man again, but I felt that he should ask this time. So, I looked at my watch and reacted like I had to leave soon. As I stood and pushed my chair back, I thank him for meeting with me and stated how much I enjoyed his company. He immediately got up and stated he was happy that I called and that our time here went by so fast. "I would really like to see you again, Joan".
"I would like that also".
"Every Saturday morning, I go for a walk along the hiking trail in the City's Park. I would be honor if you joined me".
"That is a good idea. I am somewhat of a hiker myself. One of the things I enjoy about being in the woods is walking the property line for my cabin property."
"Splendid, I start my walk in the park at 9:00am".
"I will see you Don at 9:00am then".
We said our goodbye and went our separate ways, having park on the opposite sides of the mall.
That Saturday morning, I arrived at the park's hiking trail at 8:45am, not wanting to be late (the thing women are famous for). I didn't know why, but it was important to me to be on time and not to play any female games trying to entice the man into wanting me. Don had not arrived yet, so I sat on a bench located at the beginning of the trail, waiting anxiously for him.
After a while, I looked at my phone to check the time and to see if I had missed a message from him. It was 9:30 and there were no messages on my phone. Disheartened, I got up and walked to my car. Just as I began opening the car door, I heard someone shouting "Joan". I turned in the direction of the voice and saw Don running toward me. The biggest smile forced itself onto my face.
"Joan, I am sorry, but I ran into a huge traffic accident which tied up my route here. I make it a practice to not use my cell phone in my car. I think I should have made an exception to that rule today. I am sorry"!
"Don, I understand. We are both here, so let's start our hike".
We hiked for 2 hours. I was just captivated by this man. I did not want the hike to end, but at last it did.
"Joan, I would like, no I need to see you again".
"Don, I feel the same".
So, we settled on a date that coming Friday (movie and dinner). That date was followed by one more. On that last date just outside of my home, I took the initiative and embraced him, giving the best kiss I was capable of. Don followed suit and responded in kind. I wanted so much to invite him in and give my body totally to him, but the specter of Stan and my promise stood in the way. I wanted the first sex between Don and I to be the beginning of his owning my body for his exclusive use only.
"Don, I want so much to give myself to you tonight. But there is something I need to put closure to before I can do that. I am asking you to trust me without question in this matter".
"Joan, I want more than anything to express my feelings for you through that physical/emotional act of making love to you. If there is something that would restrict your reciprocating that desire, then I am willing to wait until you resolve it. It is not necessary for you to tell what is stopping us. I trust you whole heartly and if you need time, I am willing to wait".
I immediately embraced him again and kissed him with my tongue seeking his. Stepping back, looking straight into his eyes, I pulled up the hem of my dress, lowered my panties, took his hand using it to stroke my pussy, covering it with my fluids. I gave his hand back to him, pulled up my panties and dropped my dress and turned into walking into my house saying, "Don await my call. When you get it, come to me as quickly as is humanly possible".
"Joan, I will".
I spent that night in bed thinking of how I would rock Don's world sexually, after getting Stan to release me from my promise to him.
That next morning, I called Stan and told him how I felt about Don and that I felt I had the possibility of a future with him (marriage or otherwise). But the future I saw with Don was one where my body would belong to him exclusively. That, of course, meant that I could no longer keep my promise to Stan of my body being available to him to use as his pleased whenever he felt the need of it.
Stan response to my desire for exclusivity to Don was not received with any enthusiasm on his part. For the first time, Stan admitted his eagerness to "use" my body for his sexual enjoyment as compensation for my lack of being sexual with him during our marriage. Therefore, his first response was a resounding, "No", he would not release me of my promise and felt that my asking was just another example of my failing him.
I spent the next half hour explaining how I saw Don as my last chance for happiness in my life. I countered that Stan now had Pauline who was progressing in her transition into his sex slave and therefore he really did not need me any more for his exploration into sexual adventures that he missed during our marriage.
Stan was quiet for about 5 minutes as he sorted through his feelings about whether to release me from my pledge. Finally, he stated the following:
"Joan, I am disappointed in your request to relieve you of your pledge to me. However, I understand your desire for a future with this guy, Don. I have a proposal, that if you accept, I will release you from your pledge to me. The proposal is as follows: (1) you will invite me to your home this Saturday night. (2) you are to make your entire body available to me to use as I please. (3) You are to tell the whole story of what happen to you at the cabin. (4) After hearing your cabin adventure, I reserve the right to take you and Pauline to the cabin for several days of sexual adventure where I will be allowed by you to do to you everything that was done to you when you were at the cabin. (5) Pauline will be involved in doing those things to you. (6) I had noticed the rope burns on your wrists that happen while you were at the cabin. I have the right to duplicate any marks that were made on your body during your previous stay at the cabin. And finally (7) you must show those marks to Don upon your return home".
"Do you accept my proposal"?
"Stan, I am willing to do everything you listed except of the last part, (7). Are you requesting that I show Don the marks you plan on leaving on my body attempting to ruin my chances with Don"?
"If you want to be released, you must accept all of my proposal. How you handle Don seeing the marks is your problem. If he cannot accept what happen, then he must not be the "One" for you"! You let someone else mark you and not me! Well, I deserve the same liberties you allowed them with your body, with no exceptions. I think Don should know what you did and what you were willing to do so that you could be with him exclusively. Do you accept or not"?
I thought long and hard about Stan proposal. I desire a chance with Don and Stan desired closure with me and my sexuality. "I accept. Be at my house at 7:00pm".
"Ok Joan. Expect for me to stay as long as I want and for you do everything, I ask of you"!
"I will do everything you ask of me Saturday night and during our time at the cabin".
I hung up the phone with a heavy heart. I was afraid of what Stan might do in seeking revenge for my request to end my pledge to him!
Saturday night came. I was nervous, worry about Stan's desires for me tonight, next week, and whether he might get out of control. I was dressed normally, a full length dress with a bra and a bikini cut panties (color coordinated of course).
At the appointed time, the doorbell rang. Sucking up my courage, I walk with dignity to open the door. There, stood Stan, dressed in casually in jeans and a polo shirt.
Stan greeted me and I responded in kind and stepping aside and invited him in.
Once inside, Stan commented on how nice my home was. He then took command of our situation by walking into my living room, sitting on my couch and saying, "Joan, come and stand in front of me".
I was a little nervous and concern about what Stan was planning on doing to me. I could tell that Stan was not convinced that I would do whatever he instructed me to do without hesitation.
Once I was standing directly in front of him, he reached up and fondled my left breast slightly more than gently, while looking into my eyes for any sign of resistance. Seeing none, he reached down and lifted the front hem of my dress up to my waist. He then palmed my pussy, again slightly more than gently. I gave no resistance to his actions. At that point he pulled his hands back from my body releasing the hem of my dress.
"Ok Joan, tell me everything you did at the cabin and why you did what you did. Remember as you relate these events, I could decide, as you tell your story, to duplicate those things here and now".
Taking a deep breath to steady myself, I started to relive those 14 days in my head and then related the following to Stan:
I spent the first two days at the cabin trying to understand why my life was in the situation I found myself in: alone with a failed marriage and suffering from extreme sexual frustration. I wanted to know how I end up there. The conclusion I arrived at was that it was due to my being self-centered, wanting others to please me while I ignored their needs both emotionally and physically (sexually). I needed to understand why I was so unwilling to enjoy sex. So, I figured the best way to start was to understand how to enjoy sex for myself and especially for the person that I would be having sex with. Hopefully, that would lead to my being able to look at other's needs and in doing so fulfill my own needs. It was only logical to start with the object that is the center of all the above, my body. So, for the first time in my life, decided to examine and explore my body.
On my third day at the cabin, which was a very hot day, I went out on the porch with a pitcher of lemonade, a mirror, and my nude body, from which I had removed all the hair from the neck downward. I touched and examined all the relevant areas of my body that could be used to generate pleasure (sexual) for myself. It was such a revaluation that my mouth, beasts, nipples, pussy, and clitoris were not the only areas involved in deriving pleasure. My butt, anus, feet, legs, and others also could be used to generate pleasure. So, I concluded that there is a fine line between pleasure and pain. That certain pain, when done properly and with restraint could also enlisted pleasure.
To Stan's credit, he listened intently to what I was saying. He then surprised me by giving me the following command, "Joan, strip naked and lie on the floor and show me how you discovered these areas of pleasure".
With trembling hands, I pulled my dress over my head and off my body throwing it on the couch. Next, I reached behind my back and unclasping my bra, catching it and then removed my panties placing them both on top of the dress.
I laid down on the floor and explored my body in the same manner as I had done at the cabin. It was strange, how having someone watch me do this upped the pleasure I experienced in do so.
When I finished exploring, Stan got up from the couch, knelt next to my body and touched, in the same order, the parts of my body that I had just explored. That excited me almost to the point of reaching a climax. It was only my resolved not to turn this into a sexual thing for Stan, that prevented me from coming.
After Stan had satisfied his curiosity as to which parts of my body turned me on the most, he asked, "Were you finished for the day, or you do something more that day"?
"I had this feeling of really enjoying being nude outside on the porch. So, I thought how much better it would feel exposing my nude body out in the open during a hike through part of the property. I walked for a short while until I felt the effects of sun on my body, so I returned to the cabin". That was the end of my "exploration for that day".
"What did you do on the fourth day"?
"As we had agreed to do when either of us are at the cabin, I went and "walking the property".
"Were you nude when you did so"?
"I walked the first quarter of the property fully clothed. I stopped midway in the hike at this clearing and rested. Feeling good about being nude yesterday and since I had not encounter anyone during my walk, I decided to walk the second quarter naked. Again, I saw no one on our property and no evidence of anyone coming onto the property. I really enjoyed being nude. I felt totally free in do so. That made the trip back to the cabin special".
"On the fifth day, I walked the second half of the property. Since I had enjoyed being nude on the way back the day before, I decided to do the whole hike in the nude. I stopped, mid hike, at the same clearing as I had the day before. It was so nice there, so I took a nap. During the nap, I thought that I heard some movement in bushes near me. Upon looking I saw nothing that could have been the source of the movement, so I decided it must have been some small animal. I got up and returned to the cabin feeling wonderful".
"On the Sixth day I decided to walk around the interior of our property (again nude), seeking out this spot that I remember had a small stream and a grass area. I wanted to spend time there enjoying nature and my nudity. It was at this spot on the property where I first encounter John. He was the neighbors' son who was checking on the property as you had requested of his family. It turned out he was also checking out the nude me. Having seen me the day before, he wanted another look at the nude female neighbor. I caught him hiding behind a large tree".
"To make a long story short, I realized that John was a nerdy collegiate virgin and under the threat of reporting him to the police, I had him follow me back to the cabin where I let him closely examine my body, made him watch me masturbate and had him masturbate in front of my face until he came all over my face. After that I sent him away with instructions to come back tomorrow or I would report him to the police for trespassing on my property".
"That night I though carefully about my sex life and our marriage and how I was to blame for the failure of our marriage. That failure was due to my unwillingness to satisfy you, and as it turned, myself sexually. I concluded that I need to learn how to satisfy a man's sexual needs while, at the same time, seeing that my own needs are also meet. I also needed to experience the full gambit of sexual activities in order to determine what was and was not acceptable to me. I formulated a deal that I wanted to make with John the next day. That deal would expose me to all kinds of sexual activities so I could experience them and determine if I could enjoy doing them. With him being a young college male with no sexual experience, I was sure that he would be more than willing to accept my deal".
"When John arrived at the cabin on day Seven, I made had the following conversation with him:
In my sexual life so far, I have been controlling and unconcern with the desires and pleasure of my sex partners. I believe that played a big role in my getting divorced. I want to experience being just the opposite, having the needs and concern of my lover as my top priority. I want badly to experience this, for it might be a life changing experience. I have decided that you are the male that I want to experience these things with. Therefore, I proposed the following deal.
This deal contains conditions and restriction that you must agree to if the deal is to proceed. Now listen carefully, for if you violate any of the conditions, at that moment, the deal ends, and you must leave never to return. You must respect and accept when and if I decide to end the deal before the end of the 6 days. The deal is as follows:
1) When we are on the porch or in this cabin, I am in complete control of you and an event I decide to engage us in.
2) Outside of this cabin and porch within the confines of a half mile of my property lines, you are in charge of me and any event you want to engage in. Nothing in this deal is allowed to happen beyond that half mile limit.
3) Outside you will control how I dress (or undress) only taking into consideration the weather conditions. You can take me anywhere with the confides of the half mile limit. Any bodily functions that I must perform during that time can only be performed with your permission and at your direction.
4) Outside you will be allowed to use me and my body in any sexual manners that you desire. You can fuck me as often as you desire in any of my three orifices. You will use me to take away your virginity. You will use me to learn how to please a woman sexually (that will require experimentation on your part). I will truthfully let you know whether what you are doing is pleasing and/or pleasurable to me. All the sex acts (and I do mean all) that you saw on those videos, you can try on me and my body.
5) You are to respect the following limits as pertaining to what you can do to my body; you are not allowed to do anything that will injury my body in a way that will lead to permanent harm, cause excessive pain, cutting of skin, or leading to permanent scaring. To ensure those limits, we shall establish a safe work, "Eagle". When I say that word, everything stops and that will be the end of your use of my body.
6) You are allowed: mild slapping, spanking with a belt, the use of a soft whip (the use of tree branches is not allowed) and the insertion of sexual objects. Bondage and blindfolding are allowed. Collaring and leading with a leash are allowed. Name calling is allowed. Bending me to your will is allowed".
"From day Seven to Thirteen day, my body was under the control of and used by John and by the way, Kevin (I wanted to experience being used by two men at the same time)".
"On the Fourteen day, I left for home with rope burns on my wrists and ankles, whip marks on my breast, ass and pussy, and a red ass from the several spanking I received from my two lovers/masters. I was officially, a three hole slut who had experience being collared, lead around by a leash, tie and bound to trees, blinded folded, whipped, doubled fucked, and treated as a sex slave".
"The end result is the person you see before you now. One who understands how to satisfy a man (or woman) and who puts the needs of her lover before her own needs".
Stan had this look on his face that I could not interpret. I believed he was thinking why I had not done those things for him during marriage, and why did I let two strangers do those things to me instead him, my husband.
Stan's expression suddenly turned to one of anger and then after a minute, one of a person thinking devious thoughts. I did know which expression I preferred or which to fear.
"Joan, what did those two guys use to inflict those marks on your body"?
"They used a belt, a soft whip and their hands".
"Do you still have that whip, the blindfold, the collar, the leash and whatever sexual object they inserted into your body"?
"I have the collar, the leash, and the anal plug".
"What anal plug"?
"John inserted an anal plug into my ass to prepare it for ass fucking and being DP".
"Joan, tomorrow I want you to purchase a belt and a whip, both of them similar to the ones used on you by those guys".
"On Monday at 8:00am you, Pauline, and I are going on a four day trip to the cabin. Get your job to give you a week off. Upon your return home, you will probably need a few days to recover physically from what I plan on doing to your body on this trip. Any questions"?
"What am I to bring with me for the trip"?
"You are to bring: the collar, the leash, the whip, the belt, the anal plug, anal lube, three pairs of panties and two outfits, one to wear on the trip up and back and one for the first day of your slavery to me. Also, I want you to completely shave your body, leaving only the hair on your head. And one last thing, give yourself enough enemas to completely clean out your ass hole".
"Ok Stan, I will do as you request. But I want a written dated document from you, to be given to me when we arrive back here at my home from the trip, stating that you have released me of my promise to serve you sexually for the rest of my life".
"The document will be prepared indicating my releasing you from any form of sexual servitude to me. However, I will not sign it unless you have willing complied with everything, I have requested of you during those four days which will start when I arrive at your house at 8:00am Monday morning. I will sign it when we arrived back here at your home. If you refuse, question, or hesitate in complying with anything I ask of you, I will not release you from your pledge to me, and will not sign nor give the document to you".
Monday morning at 7:50am I stood inside my house at the front door waiting for Stan to arrive. I had a backpack loaded with the items that Stan wanted me to bring, along with a pair of hiking shoes. My body was shaven clean, and my asshole was clean as well. I had on pants, shirt, a light coat, a bra, a pair of panties (there remained 4 additional pair of panties in the backpack) and some nice tennis shoes. I was dress that way to prevent Stan from making me ride up to the cabin in clothes that exposed my body in any way to the public.
At exactly 8:00am there was a knock at my front door. Taking a deep breath, I open the door to the sight of Pauline standing directly in front of Stan. They were both dress appropriately for a drive to the cabin. I stepped aside and let them into my house. As I turned to face them, Pauline was standing directly in front of me.
I then heard Stan say, "What are you waiting for, kiss and fondle Pauline"! Remembering that I could not hesitate once Stan told me to do something, I immediately raised my right hand and placed it behind Pauline head pulling her mouth to mine while my left hand grasped her right breasts which I then fondled. I was surprised how Pauline eagerly responded to what I was doing to her. Her mouth open and her tongue eagerly sought out my tongue. I had no inclination that Pauline was bisexual. Her response elicited a similar response from me! I think my response was sort of my body releasing some of the tension I had been experiencing since I began waiting by the door.
After a few moments, Stan pulled Pauline back from me and stared at me, appraising my attire. He immediately and roughly removed my clothes and throw them on the floor in front of me.
"Pauline, go upstairs to Joan's bedroom and assemble a proper outfit for her for our trip to and from the cabin".
I just stood there with this sense of foreboding waiting to see what Pauline would pick for me to wear. I was sure that it would be as slutty an outfit she could assemble from my clothes.
As we waited, Stan pickup up my backpack and looked through it. He smiled and said, "I see that you have packed everything that I requested. He then reached out and twisted my left nipple. It hurt. "That is your reward for doing as I requested"! I just stood there, surprised by what he had just done. "Aren't you going to thank me for your reward"?
Quickly getting the message, I responded, "Thank you Stan for rewarding me".
Just then Pauline came bounding down the stairs with some items of my clothing. She had my favorite loose fitting midthigh mini skirt, a delicate semi-transparent sleeveless top, my one and only half shelf bra, and my best transparent g string panties.
"Joan, stand there while Pauline dresses you".
Pauline came and stood in front of me. She bent down and told me to lift my right leg. I did and she raised the panties and I put my foot into the panties. Next, she repeated the motion with my left leg. As Pauline raised up to pull the panties up to my crouch, she leans into me and as her face past my pussy, she stuck out her tongue and licked the lips of my pussy. That surprised me but it felt rather good. Next, she hands me the bra and told me to put it on. I tried to adjust it so that my nipples were cover instead of laying on top of the half cup (the way one is supposed to wear a half bra, with the nipples laying on top of the half cup and thus exposed). Pauline quickly pulled the half cups down until my nipples laid on top, exposed. She twisted and pinched both my nipples, holding them that way saying, "I decided how you are to be dressed. Do you understand"! She didn't release my nipples until I said, "Yes, I understand". Having made her point, Pauline step back and told me to put the rest of the clothes on. I did as she told me.
Stan then came up and stood behind me saying, "bend over". I did so immediately. He then gave a slap hard enough to push my body forward to both of my ass cheeks saying, "that is your reward for dressing the way I wanted you to".
"Thank you, Stan for rewarding me".
As we walked out the house, I turned to lock the front door. Stan took my keys from my hand and said, "Since you do not have a purse, I will keep these for you and give them back to you when I drop you off Friday morning".
We entered the car with Pauline in the back seat and me in the passenger seat. After Stan got onto the highway for our four hour drive to the cabin, Stan reached over to me and pulled the hem of my dress up to my waist. I did and said nothing in response.
About fifteen minutes into the drive, I felt Pauline's hand reaching over the back of my seat. She grabbed and twisted my nipples, playing with them for at least three minutes before returning to her seat. For the next two hours of the drive, every fifteen minutes she did the same thing to me. The last time she did it was just as we drove into a gas station to refill the gas tank. We were the only car at the station.
As Stan got out of the car to pump the gas, he told me to go inside the station store and to get some snacks for the rest of the trip. Since I did not have my purse or any money on my person, I asked Stan how I was going to pay for the snacks. He replied, "You are a smart woman, I sure you can figure out some way to "pay" for the items. I was stuck, I didn't have any money and I was sure not going to prostituted myself for the snacks. I got up and went into the store and gather what snacks I thought we would like. Nervously, I went to the counter trying to figure out what to do. If I did not do as Stan had ordered, he would have the excuse not to relieve me of my pledge. When the clerk asked for the $15.00 payment, I just stood there like a dummy not saying anything or making any attempt to produce the money. The clerk repeated himself, $15.00. Just as I was about to say that I didn't have any money, Pauline walked up next to me saying, "Joan what is wrong with you. You know you do not have any money. Turning to the clerk, she said, "I am sorry, she does this all the time. She thinks that her scantily clad body will persuade people to do things for her. Here is the money for the snacks".
"Joan, I think that for the trouble that you caused this poor man, you should do something nice for him. Why don't you pull up your blouse and show him how lovely your tits look in that obscene push up bra that you like to show off in".
Again, feeling that I had no choice in the matter and turning red in shame, I reach down and pull my blouse up over my breasts.
Speaking to the clerk, Pauline said, "Doesn't she have beautiful breasts and outstanding nipples. Why don't you give those nipples a good tug"? Looking first at Pauline and then me and hearing no objection from me he reached out and pulled my stiff nipples outward from my chest. In his excitement, he was not gentle, and pain shot through my nipples to my breasts.
After he finally removed his hands, Pauline told me, "Ok Joan, that is enough, stop being a tramp. Lower your blouse, pick up the stacks and thank the man for attending to your nipples".
With down cast eyes, I said, "Thank you sir. Hope you enjoy playing with my nipples". It was a little difficult walking back to the car since my panties were soaked.
The rest of the trip to the cabin was, thankfully, uneventful.
When we arrived at the cabin, Stan got out of the car, telling me to wait until he came around to open the car door for me. I thought that maybe he was softening his attitude toward me. Big mistake.
Stan opened the door and as soon as I step out, Stan barked at me, "Joan strip down to just your panties and hand your clothes to me"! I complied. Stan threw my clothes on to the car seat, closed and lock the car.
"Joan, stand here with your legs spread apart and put your hands behind you head". I did as he told me. Stan stood in front of me and bent at the waist until his face was directly in front of my panty clad pussy. He took a deep breath in and said, "From the odor emanating from your cunt, you have been enjoying what Pauline and I have been doing to you. Good, I want you to stand here like you are until I call you into the cabin or you figure things out. He went to the car trunk and remove the luggage and the groceries. He reached into my backpack and took out the collar. Then joining hands with Pauline, they walked into the cabin.
A short time later, Stan appeared on the porch with the hammer, a nail, and the collar placing them on the porch. He turned and went back into the cabin.
It didn't take me long to understand what he meant by "figure it out". I could stand there naked except for my soaked panties in the hot sun until he called me in, or I could go get the collar, put it on and then nail my panties to the door frame. Nailing my panties to the door frame would be admitting that what he had been doing to me today was as enjoyable as to what John and Kevin had done to me here on the property.
I went and picked up the collar, put it on and then nailed my expensive panties to the door frame!
Walking into the cabin I was presented with the sight of Stan fucking Pauline in the ass. He turned and looked me in the eyes as if he were trying to gauge my reaction to him fucking Pauline. I keep my face as emotionless as possible since I really didn't care one way or the other. Stan came with the biggest climax I had ever seen him have. When he had calm down, he pulled out of Pauline's ass and then told me to get down between Pauline's leg and clean up her ass. It took all my resolve to do so, figuring that this was to be typical of what Stan would be having me doing during our time here. I did succeed in licking Pauline clean.
It was getting late in the day and dinner needed to be fixed. Fortunately, that turned out to be Pauline responsibility. Since I was never a good cook during our marriage, Stan was not taking a chance of me ruining our meals. Stan dug into my backpack and found the leash which he attached to my collar. Pulling me by the leash Stan took me to the kitchen table and tied me to the leg of the table. "Since you are useless when it comes to cooking, it will be your responsibility to pleasure Pauline whenever she takes a break in preparing our meals. If she needs any help from me, you will also pleasure me after I have finished helping Pauline".
Hearing that, Pauline stopped what she was doing and remove her clothes from the waist down, came over to me and present her pussy to my face. From a kneeling position facing her, I placed my hands on her hips and plastered my face into her pussy, licking it until she had to return to preparing the food. A few minutes, later, Pauline asked Stan to remove the lid from a can of beans. His task completed, Stan took out his penis, and walked over to me. I immediately got up on my knees again and sucked him until he decided to pull out of my mouth. This became the routine for every meal we had during our stay in the cabin.
The meal that Pauline prepared turned out to be particularly good. That was a pleasant surprise.
After eating, we were all tired from the trip (and I was tired from all the licking I had done), so we went to bed. Being that there was only one bed in the cabin, I was placed in the middle of the bed. A naked Stan took the position behind me, and an equally naked Pauline positioned herself facing me. "Oh, by the way, if either or both of us wake during the night, you are responsible for pleasuring either or both of us until we fall back to sleep".
As we settled into our positions in the bed, I felt Stan erect penis between my legs sawing itself against my pussy. (How was I supposed to get some sleep being stimulated that way).
Pauline, seeing what Stan was doing to me, decided to join the fun grabbing both of my breasts and alternating between sucking each of my nipples. The combined effect of their working over my body, sent me into a strong climax which served to further weaking my poor body.
Pauline then came up with the idea that I was supposed to be pleasing them and not them pleasing me. So, she turned her body around so that her head was at the foot of the bed. She then ordered me to get on top of her so we would be in a 69 position but only I was to do any pussy licking. Once I was in position and had lower my mouth onto her pussy and started sucking her, I felt my pussy being invaded by stan's penis as he fucked me from behind. Since my pussy was right above Pauline's face, that gave her the perfect up close and personal position to watch a woman being fucked.
What seemed like twenty minutes later we all came, disentangled our bodies, and finally went to sleep.
Tuesday morning, I was fortunate that neither of them wanted me to pleasure them during the fixing of breakfast. After breakfast, I was till nude except for the collar and leash. Stan pulled me over to the couch and had me standing in front of him as he sat on the couch. Pauline came over and sat next to Stan.
"Joan, tell us what happen during the first day you were last here".
"I spent the first day thinking about my lack of desire to perform sexually and concluded that I didn't really know my own body sexually. So, I when outside on the porch and explored my body".
"Well then, I want you to do the same thing today. Pauline and I will watch and participate in that exploration. Before we start, I want you to bring the belt from your backpack".
With some trepidation on my part, I went and got the belt. I handed it to Stan.
"Ok, let go to the porch". As I turned about to walk toward the door, I felt a sting across my ass cheeks. Stan had hit my ass with the belt. I screamed as I turned to look back at him.
"Get use to it. Every command I give you for the next few days will be enforce by a welt on some part of your body. I know from what you told me about your time up here, that you were interest in experience BDSM, so I decided to add to your knowledge on the subject".
Once on the porch, I got into the hammock and began to duplicate my exploration of my body. I started with fondling my breasts and their nipples. It was strange, but doing this in front of Stan and Pauline, was so much more erotic and exciting than the first time by myself. Just as it became evident that I was getting turned, Pauline rushed over to the hammock, removed my hands from my breasts and replaced them with her hands and mouth. She roughly fondled my beasts, sucked on my nipples and then using her hands pulled my nipples as far out from my breasts as she could. That hurt yet increased my sexual excitement. After a few minutes she withdrew to continue watching me explore my body.
My hands travel down to my vagina where my fingers separated my lips and then slipped inside of me. Since that first exploration of body, when I was first here at the cabin, things being inserted into my pussy, into the inside of me, often elicit immense burst of pleasure to my very soul. It happened again! Pauline seeing my reaction, pulled my fingers out and inserted hers. She stroked the entirety of just the inside my pussy. That sent me, once again, over the top and I squirted a larger amount of "cum" over her hand and formed a puddle on the hammock in front of me. That spurred Stan into action. He put his hands under my arms and pulled my body away from Pauline. He then mounted me, shoving his penis into the depths of my vagina. He then turned toward Pauline and said, "You caused that mess, now lick in up". Pauline started licking and didn't stop until she had licked the hammock clean.
Stan spent the next ten minutes vigorously fucking me (I thought he was trying to drive my body through the hammock), unloading a huge amount of cum inside of me. He withdrew from me, sat down between my legs just look at the cum leak out of me. After it stopped leaking, Stan got up and retrieve the belt. He then swung the belt striking my breasts several times before reaching down and using the belt to hit squarely on the entrance to my pussy, saying, "the welts on your breasts are your reward for letting Pauline to use your breasts, and that last welt is for the mess you caused by leaking my precious cum out of your pussy". He then reached between my legs, scoop up the cum and wiped it all over my bruised and sore breasts. He then struck my breasts again with the belt (more welts) saying, "That is where you should have applied my cum as it leaked out of the very pussy that you gave to those two boys the last time you were here".
Stan's strokes of the belt to my pussy and breasts, so far, have not been vicious, simply hard enough to form these minor welts on my body. Since that was the case, the strokes sent me into that pain/pleasure BDSM situation I experience with John and Kelvin.
"Is this all you did during that first day"?
"Yes".
"Tell us about what you did on the other days".
"In summary, one day I walked half the property; the next day I walked the other half and discovered the meadow with the small spring where I stripped naked and enjoyed the sun shining on my naked body. The following day, I was walking nude back to the meadow when I caught John spying on my nude hike, brought him back to the cabin and let him explore my body. I made a deal with John that for a few days, outside of the cabin, that he would be my master and I his slave (within the limits I had set). The next two days under his control I was collared, leaded about by the leash, blindfolded, and my hands and feet tied to a tree which gave him total access to my body parts. He used me in that position to fuck me in all my holes. The next day when I was tied and blindfolded to the tree, he brought his friend Kevin to look at, touch and to fuck me. They ended up double teaming me (pussy and ass). Finally on the next to last day, I spent it in the cabin teaching Kevin how to pleasure a woman (turning him into a good lover). The final day, I drove home wearing only a T-shirt and a skirt.
"Well Joan, thanks for that summary. We will have to condense that adventure into two and a half days of recreation. So, to that end, Joan get up, put on your shoes and attach the leash to your collar, we need to walk the first half of the property".
"Stan, can't I shower first, I smell like I just have been fucked".
"Well, you have just been fucked. I like the odor, so leave it"!
As I came back onto the porch, Stan told me, "You are going to lead us around the property. We will be about twenty yards behind you. If you run into anyone, just call out and I will quickly come to your side to handle the situation".
I set out walking at a relaxed pace, sure that no one should be on the property. When I got twenty yards from the cabin I turned and saw that Stan and Pauline were indeed following me. Telling myself to relax, I began to enjoy, once again, walking naked out in the sun. it was a nice bright day.
About halfway to the property's midpoint, I realized that I had no water and no hat. I was thirsty and needed some type of shade over my head and face. There was this tree stump just ahead. I decided to sit and wait for Stan and Pauline to catch up to me. I was hoping that the backpack that Pauline was carrying had some water in it.
When they came up to me, Pauline saw my condition and immediately reached into the bag and handed me a water bottle. I drank about half of the bottle.
Stan then asked me, "Joan, how much further is that clearing that you spoke of"?
"It should be about another 15 minutes of walking distance from here".
"Good. Get up and lead us there".
As I got up and turned to walk, I felt the sting of the belt on my ass cheek. "That for taking a break without asking for it"? Another small welt for my ass.
When we arrived at the clearing, we all needed to rest. Stan took me over to one of the trees, had me sit with my legs and my back against the tree trunk. He tied the leash to that tree. Next, he tied my arms behind my back, loosely enough so that my arms laid by my butt cheeks but tight enough so that I could not pull my arms any further forward. After giving me a large drink from the water bottle, Stan and Pauline laid down in the middle of the clearing and started groping each other. After about 10 minutes, they were completely disrobed and fucking in several positions. I must admit that I got turned on watching Stan bring Pauline to two intense orgasms. After she came the first time, my hands tried to move to my pussy in attempting to get myself off. But Stan knew what he was doing when he tied me the way he did, I could try but I could not reach between my legs and bring myself off. My pussy was wet and leaking in vain.
Stan and Pauline fell asleep after they finished their outdoor sexual ramp. Even though I didn't get off, I expended some energy getting excited and sexually frustrated. The leash was long enough that I was able to slide down the tree trunk so that I could sit more comfortably on the ground. Today's exertion coupled with the lack of sleep during the night made me fall off into sleep. However, later, I heard something scurrying about in the bushes near me. I became somewhat concern, thinking some creature had picked up my scent and was looking for its source. I was too afraid to fall asleep.
An hour later Stan and Pauline awoke, released me and we were back walking to the point of the property where we would turn to go back to the cabin. We proceeded back to the cabinet without any type of incident.
As I step up on the cabin porch, I heard Stan (twenty yards back) telling me to stop and stand where I was. He approached, telling me to spread my legs apart. He then stuck one of his fingers into my pussy. When he pulled his finger out of me, it was soaked. He had Pauline lick his finger clean. He raised the belt and hit my left breasts followed by striking the right breasts (more welts). "That is your reward for getting excited by our little nude nature walk"!
The evening in the cabin was uneventful except for my sleeping between the two of them and having to satisfy them sexually during the night whenever either of them woke.
Wednesday morning after breakfast, Stan told me to take a shower and to make sure all my holes were clean. After the shower I went into the living room where I saw Stan and Pauline waiting for me. Stan had my backpack, saying to me, "Since this is our last full day here, we have a lot to accomplish today". He then put the collar back onto my neck backwards so that the leash would fall to the middle of my back, attached the leash, and had me bend over so he could insert the butt plug into my rear end.
"Ok, I believe we are ready to leave. Have I forgot anything that we need to duplicate your earlier adventure here with John and Kevin"?
"Yes, we need a pair of my panties".
"Pauline, go get a pair of Joan's panties".
"What are the panties for"?
"At the clearing prior to tying me to the trees, John had me remove my panties and the then stuck the panties into my mouth, to be used as a gag".
"Why did he use your panties for a gag".
"Knowing that he was the cause of the gusset of my panties being wet from my sweat and my aroused pussy, it gave him immense pleasure watching me suck on my panties as I was hanging there on the trees".
"Pauline, go and get Joan's second pair of panties and then put them on her".
Pauline did as Stan told her. She, again, took advantage of her face being close to my pussy to lick it as she raised my panties to my hips.
"I want you to take us to the spot where John and Kevin tied you to the trees. Pauline will be behind you holding your leash. By her tugging on the leash, you will know if we want you to slow down, or by pulling go left or right to go in that direction. Also, if we feel that you are going to slow (holding up the whip) I will strike your ass as a sign to speed up your pace. After all, we do not want you to try to lessen the time we will have to play with your tied up body". To emphasize that point, as he told me to turn and walk out the door, I felt the whip hit my ass cheeks.
I was careful to maintain a steady pace during our journey to the clearing. As I got there and saw the trees that I had been tied to, had been whipped at, and fuck in so many ways by John and eventually, John and Kevin, I leaked a not so insignificant amount of cum into the gusset of my panties.
"Ok Joan, tell me how John had arranged things so that he could use you".
"John placed the blanket over in that grassy area, so he could lie down and taken in my naked and tied body. I was tied between those two trees".
"How were you tied to the trees? No, don't tell me, show me".
"I need the ropes". Stan handed me the ropes and I turned to went to the trees. Stan stopped me and had me come back to stand in front of him. He then removed my panties and placed them in my mouth with the gusset laying on top of my tongue. I then proceeded to the trees and tied myself into position, leaving only my right hand untied for Stan to finish my bonding just as John had done.
Stan seemed to be displeased in how I was tied to the trees. "Well Joan, if this is how John tied you up, I can see that indeed he was a novice. Your face is too high up". With that being said, Stan untied my left hand. He then lowered my body forward until I was bent at the waist with my chest parallel to the ground and my ass sticking outward. He then tied my hands to the trees so that I could not raise my chest upward. That meant that the weight of my upper body was being held by wrist which were tied to the trees. This was an extremely uncomfortable position and I tired very quickly trying to maintain that position. Seeing me struggling in that position Stan and Pauline moved back to the blanket and laid there for a while watching me struggle.
After about 10 or 15 minutes, my eyes which were focused on the ground saw something coming toward my face. It was Stan's very erect penis. He shoved it into my mouth hitting the back of my throat! The next thing I felt was two fingers being inserted into my pussy. I could not turn to see who it was, but it had to be Pauline. I immediately responded positively to her probing of my sex. I flashed back to John and Kevin double teaming me here at this very spot so many months ago. That favorable memory excited me, and I became sexually aroused!
But that didn't last very long. The fingers were removed, and I felt the belt hitting my ass several times followed by one blow to my pussy. That brought me back to the reality of my situation just as Stan flooded my mouth with cum. At that point they went back to the blanket and again just watch me struggle in between the trees.
The next thing I heard was Pauline shouting out in sexual pleasure. I glanced up, as best I could, and saw Pauline on all fours as Stan fucked her from behind. After they disengaged, Pauline walked up to me and pushed her pussy into my mouth. Stan then, rather loudly stated to me. "Joan if you can remove all of my cum from Pauline pussy while bring her off, we can end your time here and go back to the cabin for our last night here". You probably have never seen a woman licking a pussy as hard as I did. I not only got every drop of cum from her pussy, but I brough her off three times in the process. Pauline dropped to the ground, weak from being brought off like that.
Stan came up to me. He untied my legs. Next, he untied my left arm. Holding my body up with the grip of his left hand on my left tit, he untied my right arm. Suddenly he released my tit and I felt forward landing on top of Pauline's laid out exhausted body.
I was so tired I could do nothing but lie there. About ten minutes later Stan came up to us and pushed me off Pauline. I looked up and saw that he had the backpack on (having repacked it). He picked up Pauline, put her arm around his shoulder and they started walking away toward the cabin. I could only lay there and watch them leave.
After what seem like an hour, I was able to get my nude and welted body up and start the arduous walk back to the cabin. I thought of removing the panties from my mouth but thought better of it. It did make it hard to breathe in my tired state.
When I finally made it back to the cabin, as I was about to open the cabin door, I noticed the hammer and a nail leaning against the door. I picked up the hammer and nail, removed the panties from my mouth and struggled to nail the panties over the door. That being accomplished, I enter the cabin to see Stan and Pauline sitting at the kitchen table eating. I saw a plate of food waiting for me. I sat and ate what I could.
"Joan, this is our last night here. After you eat, shower, and meet us in the bed. We all need a good night sleep".
In the morning (Thursday), Stan and Pauline were in good spirits. They spent the night being sexually served by me. I climax each time I brought either of them to climax. I was rewarded for my efforts by being slapped either on my breasts and/or on my ass. I on the other hand, was exhausted from all the sex and the physical toll of being struct so much during the night.
We ate one final breakfast together. I must say, Pauline out did herself, the breakfast was excellent. We packed and dressed for the trip home. Since I had no panties left and mysteriously the only clothes of mine that could be found were the top and mini skirt that I wore on the trip up here. I was therefore dressed only in that loose fitting midthigh mini skirt and the delicate semi-transparent sleeveless top. I saw my backpack lying on the floor. Upon an impulse, I reached and removed something from the bag. I thought that it would enhance my riding home outfit!
Stan surprised me when he handed the signed document that I had requested stating he released me from my promise of sexual servitude to him. It was supposed to be given to me upon our arrival at my house. "Joan, you are free from any obligation to me and are free from doing things that I have request of you. That includes having to show you welted up body to Don. I had you go through these last few days of sexual degradation to facilitate my get over the hurt I felt at you experiencing those new sexual things with John and Kevin. I should have been the person that you experience those things with".
"Stan, I am truly sorry for any pain I caused you. During our marriage, I was not at a point where I could even conceive of during such things. I feel such regret for not doing those things with you. I know, if I had, we would still be marriage and really enjoying being marriage. But I can't change the past. So, I am begging your forgiveness".
"As much as I can, I do forgive you. However, the things that have happen in our lives have led me to Pauline. For that, I thank you".
We packed the car, got in and started the trip home. Pauline sat up front with Stan. She had on a very loose fitting skirt which she pulled up to her waist, making her pussy available for Stan to play with during the drive home. I, for my part, thought that I could have some fun by occasionally reaching around her seat and playing with her braless breasts, just as she had done to me on the trip up.
At the half point of journey home, we had to stop at that same gas station where we filled up on the way up to the cabin. There were two cars already at the station when we arrived. I offered to go inside to pay for the gasoline and to get any snacks we needed for the rest of the trip home. I waited until those two cars had pulled out, leaving us as the only car at the station. When I went inside, I was fortunate that the same guy was behind the counter. I got the snacks and went to pay for them. I knew from the big smile on his face that he immediately recognized me. I said to him, "Remember me. This time I am going to pay for the gas and snacks with money". He actually had a disappointed look on his face. I paid for the snacks and just as I was going to pick up the bag with our purchases, I stopped, looked him in the eyes as I lifted up my blouse. I was looking to see how he would react to the welts on my breasts. He was somewhat taken aback. I said, "It is ok. That was done to me with my permission. However, if you want, you can see if my nipples taste any different now than before". He leaned forward and sucked on one nipple after the other.
When he finished, he said, "They taste the same to me"!
I then took a step back from the counter, turned and pointed my ass at him as I raised the hem of my mini skirt up to my waist and said, "Can you also check to see if the welts on my ass and pussy have affected how my pussy taste"? He was around the counter and had his tongue inside of me all most before I finished asking him. He spent the next five minutes licking my pussy and tugging in and out the surprise that I put into myself for him, the butt plug. He brought me to two powerful climaxes. I moved away from his talented tongue and said, "Well how do I taste"? He just smiled. I responded, "Thanks, I needed that confirmation".
Picking up the bag with the snacks and I walking out of the store not brothering to adjust my clothes. I got into the car and stayed dressed like that until we reached my home.
When we arrived at my home, I pulled my clothes together, placed the letter from Stan in my left hand, got my keys from Stan and open the back door of the car. "Pauline why don't walk Joan to her front door".
Pauline got out and we walked to my front door. Just after I open the door, I turned to face Pauline. I had to admit to myself that Pauline had mature a lot since that first meeting between us at the park. It seemed to me that she had something on her mind, and I wanted to give her a chance to say it. I was right.
"Joan, I know this trip to the cabin has been hard on you, emotionally and physically. Stan needed to do the things he did. I needed for him to do them. This was the final thing he needed to close the book on his feelings for you. He is now free of that, and he can now devote his feelings and attention to me. I love him and now he can return that love without any reservation. Thank you and I love you for what you did these last few days".
We embraced. I couldn't resist, I passionately kiss Pauline and whisper into her ear, "I wish you and Stan all the happiness in the world. If there ever is a time that you need emotional support in dealing with living Stan, feel free to call me. Or if there is a monument where you need to be sexual with a woman, I am available for that too. For while you were doing those things to me on this trip, I felt a real sexual connection developing between you and me. If you want, we can, on occasion, give ourselves over to that thing between us for a few hours".
I entered my house and close the door behind me. Going into my bedroom, I removed the skimpy clothes that I had on and went to look at myself in the full length mirror on the bathroom door. I had rope burns on my wrists and ankles. There were welts from just below my neck down to my pussy. I turned and saw the same welts on my ass and on my legs just below my ass.
I walked over to the dresser near the bed and picked up the phone. "Hello Don, I need you to come over to my house immediately. When you get here, come right in. The front door will be unlocked. Come into my bedroom and into the bathroom. You will find me there".
An hour later, Don entered my bathroom to find me standing nude beside the bathtub, with arms extended above my head, tied to the curtain rod. "Joan what happened to you"!
"Don, I will explain everything in a few minutes. But first, please, I want you to examine every inch of my body".
Don looked at me in a strange manner, and said, "Let me take you down and move you to your bed. I can't leave you hanging like that"!
"Yes, you can, and you must. Hanging here is the only way for you see every part of my body".
Don nodded his head. He first looked at my face. Confirming that my face had not harmed. He lowered his eyes to my breasts. "Joan, you have bruises and welts all over your breasts"! What happened and who did this to you"?
"Don, continue examining my body".
He next looked at my pussy and saw fluids leaking from my lips which were puffy and red with welts around them. He also noticed that my very erect clit was outside of its hood. "Don, spin my body around so you can see my back side".
"Joan, your ass and the tops of your legs are also full of welts. And what is the thing stuck up your ass"?
"That is an anal plug.
At this point Don repeat himself, "Joan let me take you down and move you to your bed. I can't leave you hanging like that"!
"No. I want you to continue looking at my abused body as I explain why and how my body came to the state that it is in".
Don stood slightly back from me as I told him the whole story of my life with Stan, my time in the cabin with John and Kevin, meeting Pauline, my trip to L.A. with Stan, my meeting him, my determination to be completely committed to him alone, and finally what I had to go through at the cabin with Stan and Pauline to win my freedom from Stan so I could be total free to be with him.
I could see Don going through some many emotions as my story unfolded.
Before Don had a chance to respond to what I told, I was now very tired from the trip to the cabin, hanging from the curtain rod, and the emotion turmoil I went through telling him how body ending in the condition he saw before him.
Looking Don straight into his eyes, I said, "Don, I am totally in love with you"!
Not letting Don have a moment to respond, I said, Don, please pull the butt plug out of me".
Don carefully gripped the outer ring of the plug and then slowly but gently pulled it out of my ass. "Joan, your anus is gapping open. What can I do to help close it"?
"Don do not worry it will close by itself after a while. Don, look in the cabinet to your left. In there you will find a bottle of lotion. I need you to spread the lotion on all my welts and bruises".
After finding the lotion, Don started applying the lotion first to my ass and the back of my legs. After he finished my back side, he turned my body around until my front side faced him. Looking again at my body, he applied the lotion to my breasts. He did pay special attention to my fully extends and firm nipples. He applied the lotions around the nipple and then trying to make sure all the surface of the nipples were treated with the lotion he started at their base and then slide his fingers along the length until he reached their tips. He did that several times each time gripping the nipples more firmly, until he was pulling the nipples quite far outward. That sent that pain/pleasure straight to my pussy and I climax. Don, for a moment, stepped back, socked by witnessing my climaxing. Weaken by the climax, my legs gave out and the only thing keeping my body from collapsing to the floor was the fact that my hands were tied to the curtain rod.
Don, after recovering from the sock of my action, he lifted me back to my feet. He resumed applying the lotion by spreading the lotion onto my pussy, paying special attention to get the lips completely covered with lotion. He then put some lotion into the palm of his hand and in a groping motion applied it to the whole of my pussy. That did it, I came again screaming into a very powerful climax. Don held his hand against my pussy attempting to support my body, but my legs gave out and my body hung again from the curtain rod.
With me now unable to stand, Don put his arm around my waist, lifted me slightly upward so that he could untie the rope from my wrists. He lowered me to a kneeling position in front of him. One looked at the crouch of Don's pants, I could see that despite the condition that my body was in, and this being the first time he had seen my nude body, his small head had a reaction to all this resulting in his having a very strong erection. I reached up, unzipped his fly, took out his rather firm penis and consumed it with my mouth. Don initially objected to what I was doing but very soon gave into the pleasure I was sending thorough his body by the avenue of his penis. Half a minute later my throat was flooded with Don's cum! I slump even further down to the floor.
"Joan, forgive me, but I couldn't help myself. I have wanted you for so long, my body just could not stop itself from reacting to the embrace of my penis by your wonderful mouth"!
Regaining his composure, Don picked me up and took me to my bed and laid me down on to it. He managed to pull part of the cover back and to place my drain body inside the covers. I immediately fell asleep.
I awoke the next morning still under the covers. I looked over to my right and there was Don laying on top of the covers looking at me.
"Good morning beautiful. I haven't look at your body this morning. How is it feeling and are the welts and bruises feeling better"?
"Don, you are still here! I feared that the state of my body, all the things that I told you last night, and my giving over to my desire to please you sexually might have driven you out of my life. Thank you so much for staying with me last night. I feel so protected by everything that you have done to and for me since seeing my nude and physically used body".
"Joan, I would never leave you when you so desperately need me last night. I spent the night looking at you sleep last night. I was going over everything you told and showed me in your bathroom. I must admit, I was shocked by the condition of your body and want to kill whom ever did that to you. But at that moment, I desperately needed to provide whatever you need to help the with the condition of your body.
However, since the last time I was here at your front door with my hand palming your very wet pussy, I have had the strongest desire to see and to sexually explore your body. Understand, that desire was not purely physically/sexually on my part for my own sexual relief but also driven by a desire to please you sexually. That is why, even with the condition that your body was in, I could not help but to react sexually to (even with all the welts and bruises) one of the most beautiful female bodies I have ever had the opportune to see and touch. So, I gave into the pleasure of being inside your mouth and came down your throat.
In my defense, I must tell you that I have been captivated by you since I first help you pick out that first dress. The second time we met, and I again help you picking out a dress, I acknowledged what I have been suppressing since the first time I saw you, that I love you from the first instant I saw you"!
That love grew as I listened to your explanation of what you went through to give your body to me only. So, I couldn't help climaxing down your throat"!
I immediately rose, threw off the bedding and leap into Don's arm and hugged him for dear life. He didn't hate me for the things I did during the trip with Stan and Pauline. He was not repulsed by the sight of my bruised body, and he wanted sex with me regardless.
As I held Don, I said to him, "You love me regardless of what I had to do to get to this point of being able to give my body to you only for your sexual satisfaction. I hope that love will survive and that you will understand and accept what I am about to say now. All those experiences from the time I decided to explore sexuality to now have led to my being totally open to giving my whole body over to pleasure you as you see fit and need. However, I now know that I have sexual desires that must also be fulfilled. I want soft and sensual love making. But I know that occasionally I will need to fill that craving for "rough sex" where I will be bound, spanked and my body whipped. I know that occasionally I will need to make love to a woman. I know that occasionally I will need some form of group sex where I will be the center of attention of all involved in using all three of my holes (aka being a three hole slut). Don, can you achieve sexual satisfaction in allowing me those occasional deviant sexual adventures"?
"Joan, if those occasional deviant sexual adventures involve my being included in those events or if I cannot be present, done with my permission and lead to the intense sexual craving on your part for me, then yes".
Life is good when one does not apply other people morals to one's life!