This a rework and update of an earlier story.
***
I walked into the trendy nightspot, heading to the far end of the bar, where I could see Suzi and Jim were waiting for me. I'd been friends with these two for over ten years, and would meet up on a regular basis, mainly to lust after and flirt with Suzi. Jim didn't seem to have jealous bone in his body as I flirted openly with his delectable.
Suzi was a short haired blonde with the perfect curvaceous figure. A bubbly flirtatious bundle of fun with a very large firm bust, sitting on top of what can only be described as a trim tiny waist, which emphasised her magnificent ass. Her ass was reminiscent of two large grapefruits, firm and most definitely fruity. Not very tall, she has been blessed with long taut legs, which she delights in showing off. Suzi always dressed to please and it seemed that tonight was no exception.
I moved amongst the crowd and eventually stood next to Jim and Suzi. Suzi was perched on a high bar stool, wearing a very tight shiny black mini dress, cinching her small waist and stretching across her very large firm breasts, pushing her erect nipples into the shiny sexy material of her dress. The sentence second skin is utilised quite often and was definitely worthy of describing how tight this stretchy black dress looked. Her legs were covered in a very sheer gossamer denier which I was hoping where stockings. Her wonderful legs were crossed with her high heeled black stiletto pointing directly at me.
Jim greeted me with a strong firm handshake, then Suzi beckoned me toward her, standing up from her stool, resting her high heeled feet on the nightclub floor, she kissed my cheek as she applied a very sexy hug, pushing her large firm unfettered breasts into my chest. I took this opportunity to wrap my arms around her waist and run my hands up and down her back. I could feel she was braless, but around her waist was some kind of lingerie obstruction. Breaking apart from our hug, Suzi smiled a naughty smile and winked at me knowingly. Jim smiled then turned to order the drinks, moving away from Suzi and I, as he paid and collected the beverages, giving Suzi and I a few moments of private flirting.
"Good grief young lady, you look incredibly hot tonight in that very sexy outfit!" I grinned, flirting with my friends wife, stroking her gossamer coated leg gently.
"You always say such nice things! Did I by any chance feel hot?" She whispered seductively, moving closer to my ear, indicating her awareness to my wandering hands during our hug.
"More than you'll ever know!" I smiled "But you always feel and look hot!"
"Maybe I should make it my mission to find out how hot you think I look!" She grinned salaciously.
"You look awesome in that dress. Very sexy indeed!" I smiled, eyeing her up and down as she climbed back into her barstool.
"Thank you so much. Maybe, just maybe, you'd like what's beneath the dress?" She teased.
"If your talking about your body then that's a no brainer, but I did notice something around your waist during our hug!" I said with a mock inquisitive look.
"That will be my high waisted garter belt!" Suzi smiled letting the tip of her tongue run across her glossed lips.
This confirmed that Suzi's sheer black gossamer legs, were definitely stockings. I felt a stirring in my loins at the thought of one of the sexiest woman I know, perched on a barstool, adorning that magnificent body in outrageously sexy lingerie. Jim was one very lucky man!
Before I could reply to Suzi's admission, Jim came back with the drinks, smiling at me, he handed me my drink and coyly asked.
"Have you been flirting with my hot wife again?" He laughed.
"Jim how could I not! She's the hottest woman in here!" I smiled looking at Suzi and returning her earlier wink.
Jim and I were standing either side of Suzi, Jim on her left, with me on her right. The triangle arrangement was working efficiently with the conversation flowing effortlessly. Both Jim and Suzi can be very witty and Suzi often peppers the conversation with double entendres and sexually risqué comments. Tonight was no exception as the risqué value was turned up a notch. My crotch was nestling into her stockinged thigh as we flirted and giggled. My cock would twitch every now and again, making Suzi's eyebrows raise, in delight I hoped.
Jim placed his drink on the bar, turned to Suzi and I and said.
"Keep an eye on my drink, I need to visit the gents!" He winced, indicating his need to empty his bladder. As Jim moved towards the rest rooms, Suzi quarter turned in my direction, with the sauciest smile emblazoned across her face. Her large firm breasts were thrusting forward as her partially turned waist appeared even smaller, making those gravity defying breasts look even bigger than normal. I could see the naughty look flash across her face as she looked me directly in the eye and smiled.
"As your cock is twitching off my leg, shall we continue where we left off?"
I returned her smile as she licked her glossed lips with the tip of her very sexy tongue.
"So I take it you like my garter belt? You men are so predictable. A women wearing a pair of stockings, heels and a garter belt, sporting a tight shaved pussy, can make a man do just about anything she wants!" She grinned "If I knew you liked that look, I would have been wearing them a long time ago!" She giggled.
"Yeah but it would have teased me to death with Jim being the only one getting the benefit!" I smiled with my fingertips gently stroking her sheer black stockinged thigh.
Suzi opened her legs, her dress riding up her thighs, allowing my glancing fingertips more access and whispered hoarsely.
"Who said anything about teasing?" She smiled seductively "It's about time you knew that Jim and I are swingers and tonight he and I want you to fuck me, if you'd like that!"
My jaw dropped with Suzi's response as she parted her legs even more, showing her stocking tops, garter straps and a sneak preview of a sensational shaved smooth slit. I looked down at the mesmerising sight, wondering if I was dreaming. Suzi wasn't wearing panties or a thong and true to her word her pussy was indeed shaved smooth and looked delectably tight.
Suzi smiled again and whispered.
"Touch my pussy and finger me!" Suzi purred "When Jim comes back he'll know you're up for it!" She encouraged "But you should be aware that Jim will want to watch and join in, but once he has come, I'll be all yours to do whatever you'd like to me!"
My face was flushed, my breathing laboured and my cock absolutely granite hard.
"Anything I want?" I questioned.
"Anything honey! You can fuck my pussy, fuck my ass, come anywhere you want and if it makes you happy I'll keep my stockings and heels on while you fuck me!" She grinned "Or I could change in to something kinky if that's what you'd like!"
I nodded frantically as I placed my right hand on Suzi's shaved mound.
Suzi moaned and sighed, raising her ass off the barstool, giving me better access to her fabulous pussy.
"You've no idea how long I've been waiting to fuck you!" Suzi drawled, gently rocking her hips toward my invading digit.
"The feeling is most definitely mutual!" I said as my index finger slid in her tight smooth groove.
Suzi raised her ass completely off the barstool, as she opened her legs wider, riding her pussy on my wriggling finger. Suzi looked me directly in the eyes, her mouth open and panting, as her eyes half closed with arousal.
"You should be aware that when you're fucking me, I will be tormenting and humiliating James. It's part of the lifestyle and trust me he loves it! We both do!"
Suzi's groaned and thrust against my invading finger.
At that very moment Jim returned, saw my finger thrusting into his wife's willing pussy as she moved her hips enthusiastically. He witnessed the aroused look on Suzi's face and smiled excitedly.
"Glad to see you're on board with this. This dirty little slut is going to fuck you and let you do anything to her. She will give you a night you won't ever forget!"
Feeling the wetness of her pussy and the controlled throbbing of her labia, I think Jim just may have a point.
Suzi pushed her exposed pussy toward my finger, fucking my digit in our quiet corner of the bar, away from prying eyes. If there were any prying ears in the vicinity it would all have been to no avail, such was the decibel level of Suzi's sexual moaning.
"She's a wild little slut when she gets going!" Jim smiled excitedly, watching his unfaithful wife writhe her shaved pussy on the invading finger of a close friend.
Suzi looked me directly in the eye, her mouth open and panting heavily.
"Fuck me! Make me come and fuck me! I want to feel you inside me" She snarled thrusting provocatively on my finger, on the verge of orgasm.
I used my other hand to rub her blood engorged clitoris as her head fell back, and the unmistakable moans of orgasm panted from her glossed lips.
Jim stood behind her and began to squeeze and manipulate her huge breasts
My cock was rock solid as I fingered Suzi to orgasm with her husband watching, squeezing her tits erotically and smiling leerily.
"Lets go back to ours and we'll both fuck the slut!" Jim grinned as Suzi's eyes rolled with sexual desire.
"Once we've both fucked her, I'll give you guys some privacy to get to know each other better!" Jim winked.
Suzi climbed off her stool, with my index finger still inside her tight smooth pussy. She placed her right hand on my swollen bulge, squeezing my cock gently, then running the tip of her tongue over my excited lips, sending shivers of sexual delight up and down my spine.
"I can't wait to feel you inside me!" She teased "Shall I leave my stockings and heels on when you fuck me!" She giggled, taking her teasing to another level.
"Right, that's it then! We're leaving now! You two can get in the back of the car and have a little fun till we get home, then we'll fuck the ass off the slut!" Jim confirmed.
We all left the club, taking turns in kissing Suzi, feeling her tits and pussy as we headed in the direction of Jim's car. Our friendship would definitely be heading in a new direction.
We crossed the road to the multi storey car park, still taking turns in kissing Suzi and squeezing her colossal tits. Suzi, as a fervent exhibitionist, was thriving on the avid attention, slipping her tongue in our mouths at every given opportunity, squeezing our cocks and playing the part of the unfaithful slut to perfection. I noticed a small metal object driven through her nipples ensuring they stayed erect. I'd never noticed that her nipples were pierced and I must admit, this was quite arousing.
As we walked up to their car, Jim opened the doors and said with a very excited voice.
"You guys get in the back and get to know each other!" He laughed as he climbed in to the drivers seat. Suzi opened the rear door, smiling as she said.
"You get in first and get your cock out! I want to slide my shaved pussy along your impressive length!"
I unzipped my flies as requested, sliding my trousers down my thighs, exposing my erect eight inches to Suzi. Her eyes widened with delight as she removed her tight dress burlesque style, throwing it on the back seat. Standing in the car park in her garter belt, stockings and high heels, her shaved pussy and gravity defying tits on full display, she leant inside the car and placed her warm hand around my throbbing cock, stroking the flesh slowly as she licked my earlobe.
"I'm looking forward to the ride home!" She giggled sexily, enjoying her double entendre.
I eased along the back seat, with my pole sticking straight up, as Suzi climbed in to the car.
Stretching her right leg across my lap, she positioned herself directly on to the shaft of my cock. Her fleshy pussylips opened as her hot tight wet slit enveloped my shaft. Her pussylips kissing the head of my cock seductively, as she began to slide her smooth hairless slit along my rock hard length.
Suzi moaned softly and whispered.
"Jim you're going to enjoy watching this cock fuck me, almost as much as I'm going to enjoy feeling it stretch me! It's so much bigger than yours!" She smiled, winked suggestively, then kissed me deeply.
Her pussy had slid to the head of my cock and felt as though her pussylips were kissing my purple glans. She slid in the opposite direction, tormenting my length, the heat and wetness of her tight pussy, teasing my cock delightfully. I placed my hands under her stupendous breasts, cupping her large firm orbs, I began twisting her erect pierced nipples. I took one of her erect nipple between my teeth and began to softly nibble on the aroused flesh. Suzi moaned, holding my head, she began sliding her pussy back and forth along the length of my shaft. Suckling on her nipples, I placed my hands on her firm round ass. Pulling her cheeks apart, she moaned softly, whispering the word "Yes!" repeatedly.
"Fucking hell Suzi, he sounds like he's really doing you!" Jim laughed, catching as much of the action in the rear view mirror as was possible.
I placed my fingertip at her asshole, circling her puckered ring tantalisingly, then slowly slid the tip beyond her sphincter.
"Oh Jim! His cock is awesome and he's a naughty fucker as well!" She panted "He's fingering my ass already!" She moaned.
"I told you she was a dirty slut!" Jim grinned.
"I'm going to have to put this cock inside me! This is so good I think it might make me squirt!"
Suzi smiled at me then kissed me sensually.
"Lets see how this really feels!" She purred, blowing softly into my ear.
She slid her pussy toward the head of my cock, with a slight gyration of her hips, my cock slid inside her delightfully tight pussy. Suzi moaned as my cock slid effortlessly into her unfaithful tight pussy. She eased the length inside her, and began to ride my cock slowly as she gave Jim an almost breathless running commentary.
"Oh fuck Jim, he's sliding his cock inside your wife inch by inch. I'm being a complete cheating slut James, fucking other men again. His cock is making my married pussy soaking wet. Like all the other cocks it's so much bigger and harder than yours!" She teased and tormented her husband.
"Jim he's fucking my pussy and fingering my ass!" She panted hoarsely, riding my cock slowly "He's treating me like a cheap whore, making me cum with his hard cock!"
Suzi held the cheeks of my face with her hands, grazing her lips against mine as her warm panting breath flowed into my own mouth, followed by her slithering tongue.
I couldn't believe I was inside Suzi, fucking her tight shaved pussy, fingering her wonderful ass, all as her husband drove us to their home, where I could fuck his wife in comfort.
"Jim will join us for a fuck and a little double penetration, for which I'll keep my Stockings on, then you and I will spend the night together, where you can do whatever you want to me, and if you want I'll wear something sexy for you while you fuck me like a slut!" Suzi panted "James likes his naughty wife to get fucked by other men then lick their fresh spunk out of my pussy! I'll let you do anything you want to me, no matter how kinky!"
"I can really do anything?" I questioned not believing my own ears "I think I could be very kinky with you!"
Suzi squirmed and moaned deliciously.
"I like the sound of this!" She panted.
"I can't believe this is happening!" I whispered into her ear.
"You can do anything you want and you don't need to ask me! Treat me like a slut!" Suzi squirmed "I'm your slut. This pussy belongs to you!"
"Anything you want mate, she's such a slut!" Jim piped up "She'll let you can fuck her ass, cum in her mouth, get her to wear something kinky, just about anything!"
"You can even take a few souvenir photo's if you wish!" Suzi smiled lustfully.
I shook my head in disbelief as Suzi slid her tight shaved pussy up and down my length.
"Jim will want to fuck my ass when you guys double penetrate me!" She whispered, riding my cock sensually "He'll either shoot his spunk into my mouth, or empty his load on my ass and back. Once he's come, he'll then leave us alone, for you to fuck me all night if you want!"
I nodded my head like a scolded schoolboy, mesmerised at the thought of fucking Suzi's ass and spunking in her mouth. I would be fucking this hot slut wife all night and taking souvenir pics. Maybe Suzi would let me take some video footage of our extra marital fucking. I wanted to pinch myself to ensure this was not a dream.
"If you want to spunk inside me before we get home, you can!" She smiled "Jim likes to lick the spunk out of my fucked pussy and I can suck your cock back to hardness while he licks up your spunk!"
I pulled Suzi close to me, unable to hold back any longer as I began to pump and squirt hot creamy seed inside the best pussy I'd ever known. Suzi rode my cock majestically as she moaned loudly.
"Oh fuck Jim I'm coming! He's squirting his spunk deep inside me!" Suzi wailed "I've let another man squirt his spunk inside my cheating slut cunt!"
Suzi continued to ride my cock, enjoying her own orgasm, synchronised with mine.
Tormenting her husband was having a positive effect on me, as I too began to enjoy his humiliation.
She kissed me softly, her panting breath wafting into my mouth as her exposed body moved like a slithering snake.
"My cunt is full of hot spunk!" she teased. still rolling her hips slowly with my semi erect cock still inside her.
"Does it feel like it will taste delicious?" Jim laughed.
"Jim, you'll love tonguing this spicy spunk out my cunt! I'm going to suck his cock hard again, licking his balls and asshole as you lick this manly spunk out of me!" She moaned as her orgasm swept over her.
As Jim pulled into their drive, Suzi had clamped her tight pussy on to my semi erect cock. Not a drop of semen had oozed from her smooth pussy during the short drive, as she tantalisingly nibbled my bottom lip, cupping her own large firm breasts.
Jim opened the car door, looked down at his wife's stockinged legs, parted and wrapped around his good friend, smiled and said.
"She has a fantastic tight pussy doesn't she?" Then lifted his wife off my impaled cock and out of the car.
Jim opened the front door, turning to me he tossed his car keys saying.
"Lock the car please, then come on in!"
He hurried naked Suzi into the house as I locked the car obediently. I was standing on their driveway with my semi erect cock dangling out the front of my trousers. This was definitely a very strange evening, but a very exciting one, nonetheless.
I walked into the house closing the front door behind me. I could hear Suzi moaning in the lounge as I entered the room. Jim was kneeling between Suzi's black stockinged legs, his head rotating slightly as his tongue and lips were obviously on her pussy, enjoying the salty remnants of my earlier deposit.
Suzi's was laying on the floor as she held her legs by the ankles, forcing them wide open. Jim was almost growling as he hungrily lapped away at Suzi's pussy. Her hips were thrusting her pussy into his face as she moaned.
"Lick his spunk out me! I'm an unfaithful dirty slut!" She said in an almost whisper.
Jim had his hands on her raised buttocks as he licked and sucked at her pussy. Suzi was in a sexual frenzy almost, bucking her pussy off his face, as Jim licked my cum out of her shaved slut pussy.
"I've been cheating on you James! Other men have fucked me and spunked in my pussy!" She sighed "When you've cleaned his spunk up, I'm going to be unfaithful to you all night with him. He'll fuck my cunt and ass!" She declared, holding her tits and twisting the erect pierced nipples.
"Fuck my ass James" she groaned "Stretch my asshole, so his big cock can fill me up!"
Jim stood up, leaving Suzi splayed on the floor with her legs wide open showing her clean pink smooth pussy. Jim's face was saturated with a mixture of saliva, pussy juice and my cum. James began to tear his clothes off frantically. Suzi was gently stroking one of her long nails along the slit of her smooth pussy, softly grazing the nail across her exposed clitoris.
My cock was no longer dangling out of my trousers. He had come to life, thrusting forward from my groin, throbbing and erect from watching Suzi humiliate her husband sexually.
Jim looked over at me and said.
"Get your clothes off and sit on the sofa. I'll slide the cheating bitch on your hard cock and I'll fuck her ass from behind!"
Suzi moaned and rolled her eyes in pure sexual arousal, hearing her husband talking of treating her like a sex object. They were both thriving on this lifestyle, enjoying every physical and mental kink that this lifestyle had to offer. Truth be told it was working on me also.
My clothes were off in an instant, standing in the lounge, with my erect cock throbbing, looking at Suzi squirming on the floor, wearing her garter belt and stockings, stroking her pussy to orgasm, acting like an oversexed demented slut.
Suzi saw me staring and brazenly opened her legs wide, showing her pink excited pussy.
Returning my stare she began to hold her pussy open with her left hand as the index finger of right hand dipped in and out of her honey pot. The finger wriggled as she appeared to be stirring her honey pot, maintaining her eye contact throughout.
"I want your cock fucking my cheating married cunt!" She whispered as her eyes rolled and the tip of her tongue grazed her glossy lips.
"Get on the sofa man, she's desperate to be fucked!" Jim said, raising Suzi from the floor to stand with her legs slightly parted on her high heeled feet. She looked incredible standing there all post orgasmic, wearing her black stockings with her high waisted garter belt, accompanied only by her high heeled shoes, giving her the perfect slut look. Her 36DD-25-36 figure was a sensation to behold, and draped in her slut lingerie it was the stuff of fantasies. Within a few seconds this sensational sexy body will be impaled on my cock.
I took my position, sitting upright on the sofa as Jim helped Suzi to straddle my lap.
Suzi looked down at me smiling as my cock slid into her silky smooth pussy. She let out a throaty moan as my length filled her tight cavity. Her lips grazed mine for a fraction as she moved her mouth over my left ear.
"Hold my tits while I spread my cheeks for Jim to fuck my ass!" She whispered "Then once he's cum he'll fuck off and you and I can fuck each other all night!" She smiled seductively.
Her warm breath was tantalising my erogenous ear as she flicked her tongue softly around my earlobe.
"Don't worry, he'll come on my ass and wipe it away!" She whispered "Then my ass and pussy are all yours!"
I placed my hands on Suzi's huge firm breasts as she moved her hands on to her ass. Pulling her cheeks apart she turned her head toward Jim and said in a very slutty manner.
"Please fuck your cheating wife's ass! I've been very naughty fucking other men and letting them spunk inside me tonight!"
Jim looked quite flushed with excitement, his bone hard erection twitching as he held the base and eased himself toward Suzi's tight asshole. I could feel the pressure of his cock pushing against her sphincter as his cock stretched her tight hole, sliding into her asshole effortlessly.
"Fucking take it slut!" Jim snarled as he began to fuck his wife's ass rather forcefully.
I could feel his cock sliding in and out of her ass against the thin membrane flesh between her pussy and ass.
"Oh fuck yeah! Make me cum like the other guys did!" She panted "Your slut wife has been cheating on you again! I have another mans hard cock in my pussy as you fuck my cheating slut asshole!"
Jim thrived on this abuse and humiliation, and if the truth be told it was working wonders on me.
His cock was sliding in and out of her ass, pushing the flesh of her inner asshole against my throbbing cock, making her airtight pussy even tighter.
Suzi was getting a lot of pleasure from our cocks fucking her but also from the cheating scenario and the humiliation she was dishing up for her husband.
"You always cheat on me! You're an unfaithful cock hungry whore!" Jim growled almost reaching orgasm "You always torment me by fucking some random cock, like the slut that you are!"
"I am such an unfaithful slut! I love being fucked by strangers and this cock in my pussy is so much bigger and harder than your's darling!" Suzi teased, panting almost breathlessly "He's going to fuck me all night once your pathetic worm has emptied itself!" She sneered, knowing full well this was seriously arousing her husband and herself.
"Are you going to swallow his spunk?" Jim asked rather timidly.
"You fucking bet I am! I'm going to swallow his spunk, have him cum inside my ass and finally I will have his seed inside my pussy!" She sniggered "Maybe a real man will get me pregnant!"
Jim's eyes rolled as he whipped his cock out of her ass and sprayed his entire load on her back and buttocks. Jim looked at his wife's cum drenched ass, my cock splitting her smooth slit, as Suzi moaned and panted her way to orgasm.
"Give me your huge cock!" She moaned " Fuck my tight cheating pussy with your big cock! Show my husband what a big cock does to me!"
Suzi was riding my cock cowgirl style, grinding her pussy down onto my cock.
"Fuck! Fuck!" She groaned "Jim, his cock makes me cum so much. Look at how big it is stretching my pussy! This cock is going to give me so much pleasure tonight, and any other night he wants to fuck me!"
I was close to emptying my load for the second time that evening, when Suzi interjected.
"Wipe my back!" Suzi said in a dominant tone "Make sure it's all clean of all of your second rate spunk, then go to the spare room!"
Suzi was chastising James and he was accepting it, even thriving on it.
Jim picked up his shirt and began to wipe his entire load from her back and ass.
Once her body was clean of the spunk, she smiled at me, looked over at Jim and said.
"Right you, off to the spare bedroom. I'm going upstairs to our marital bed where Neil is going to slide his cock deep inside me and fuck in our bed. He'll do anything he wants to me in our marital bed and will fill every hole I have with his cock and masculine seed!"
Jim gathered his clothes and headed toward the lounge door obediently.
"If you listen carefully tonight, you'll hear me coming as his hard cock fucks me in all of my unfaithful holes like a real man!" she smiled "Leave us now while a real man fucks your whore wife!"
James scurried away as Suzi moaned loudly as she ground her pussy on my cock.
"So I can fuck you anytime I want?" I whispered quietly into Suzi's ear.
"Anytime you want honey! Even if James is here or not. My cunt belongs to you now and James knows that! It will be fun to have you turn up unexpectedly and drag me upstairs to bed while James stays downstairs watching TV, listening to his cheating wife getting fucked up the ass! I'll dress up for you and do anything you want! Let's go upstairs and you can finish off inside me, then we'll have a quick shower and I'll change into something sexy for you to fuck me!" She smiled grinding her pussy on my cock "Sexy enough for you to take a few photos or a video maybe?"