Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, calls back to Pts 6 and 26.
---
Rachel, the pizza delivery girl, asked me if we could go for dinner. Hey, it's a new era, women get the chance to do this sort of thing, and I think it's great.
We'd agreed to meet at a little restaurant not far from my place, and we were just sitting down when Sue and Dave walked in. Oh shit, here we go.
"I knew they'd be here now," Rachel said. "Don't be mad at me, she was whining that she never gets to see us now she's engaged."
Along the front of the restaurant they have higher bar type seating, and Rachel's back was to that. Meaning my front was to it. Sue and Dave came over and said "hi," being all kinds of nice. Sue stood by me, leaning up against me, and Dave was over by Rachel. As I was congratulating them on their engagement, and looking at her ring, I dropped my hand down to the back of her leg and lightly scratched the crook of her knee, and she didn't move away. I slowly moved my hand up, going under her dress. She still didn't move away, and even moved her legs apart slightly, so I went to the top of her stockings, feeling the bare skin above them. As Dave was chattering away, I moved the crotch of her panties to the side and stroked her clit. At this, she closed her legs again, so I withdrew my hand and paid attention to Dave.
"So, is this the one you were telling us about?" he said.
I was confused for a split second, then realized he thought she was the crazy chick I'd told him about, that was actually his fiancée.
"Yes, yes she is," I said. "Do you want her to show you her tits?"
Rachel looked shocked, Sue looked annoyed, and Dave almost choked.
"What?" he said, "I was just asking!"
Dave then said that we were obviously on a date and they'd leave us to it. They went and sat at one of the bar tables. Sue didn't sit across from Dave, oh no, she sat diagonally across from him, putting her right in my eye line.
I could see her watching me, and she could see me watching her.
Rachel was dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans, but Sue was all dolled up.
Sue sat there, slowly opening her legs as far as her fairly tight dress would let her. Thanks to the light (or lack thereof) in the restaurant, I couldn't see much at all.
I explained Dave's comments to Rachel, and she thought it was funny. I also showed her the picture that Sue had sent me from the bathroom shortly after that conversation had happened.
"You keep these pictures of her?" she asked.
"Oh yes," I said, "I probably have gigabytes of pictures and video of her. She's very photogenic, especially naked."
"Are you keeping the pictures you have of me?"
"Yes. I think you're very photogenic too, especially naked."
She asked me what the deal was with me and Sue, and I told her we'd dated, briefly, years ago, but now we were just friends. And that she'd been with Dave for ages now. Rachel said she thought Sue still carried a torch for me, and I suggested that she didn't, she just thought I should become a monk, as obviously she'd ruined me for other women. Rachel thought this was funny.
As Sue walked past us to go to the bathroom, Rachel said "just a second," and darted after her.
She was gone a little while, and when she got back, she sat next to me and handed me a pair of panties.
"I don't think this helps," I said, "you're still wearing jeans."
"They're not mine," she replied with a grin.
I was showing Rachel some pictures on my phone when Sue walked past us, and sat down again. In my peripheral vision, I could see Sue spread her legs at me again. This time her dress was sitting higher, and I could see all the way to her pussy. Rachel and I both noticed it, and tried not to stare at her. I did take a crappy picture of her though, with my phone's flash turned off so she couldn't see.
Dave and Sue left before we did, and they waved to us as they went.
Eventually it came time to leave, and Rachel invited me back to her place. We walked, as it wasn't far. When we got there, she could see a light on, meaning at least one of her roommates was there.
"So what would you like to do?" I asked her.
"I'd hoped to play a sexy game," she said, "but I don't know what we can do tonight."
"Did Sue tell you about her in the 7-11? That's not far from here."
"Yes!" she said, "I want to do some of the stuff she's done, but better, because I'm better."
"OK," I said, and we started heading towards 7-11.
When we got there, we went inside and the old guy was at the cashier's post. He looked at me with recognition in his eyes, then he leered at Rachel. There were a couple of other customers, but she took her shoes, then her jeans off and handed them to me, going to get some wine in her panties and T-shirt. We stood in line to pay, listening to the crude comments from the other customers.
When we got to the cashier, Rachel asked "can we get the wine if I let you see my tits?"
Everybody suddenly got quiet as they were very interested in the conversation that was going on.
The old guy said "no, I want to suck them like he does with the other girl," motioning at me.
One of the customers said he'd buy her the wine if he could feel her tits.
Rachel looked at me. I looked at her.
"Can I pay you with my panties?" she asked the cashier.
"Yes, I think they'll do," he said, and licked his lips.
"Can I go and take them off in the bathroom, and put my jeans on?" she asked me.
"No," I said, "unless you want to let him go with you to take your panties off."
She sighed, and stood there while the cashier came around the counter, still licking his lips from time to time. She held her T-shirt up so he could see the waistband of her panties. He reached out to her, and seizing them, slowly pulled her panties down her legs. The other customers cheered him on.
She stepped out of them, dropping her T-shirt and holding her legs as close together as she could to avoid showing off too much. He took her panties and put them to his face, breathing in her scent. She grabbed the wine bottle and headed for the door. When we got there, I kissed her and gave her her shoes and jeans back. She pulled them on and we left.
"That was terrifying," she said, "and awesome!"
"That was another step into a bigger world," I said.
We headed back to her place. When she got there, she hurriedly kissed me and left to go rushing in with her prize.
As I was walking home, I got a picture texted from her - she was masturbating with the neck of the wine bottle.