It was early Tuesday Morning, and Chloe was in the office a good 50 minutes earlier than normal. Yesterday evening, Andy had given her a task, when she was given it she had no idea how to complete it. After a lot of thought last night she was ready. The task was to film herself completely naked in 3 public places. If she was caught or found out, she would be punished. She had confirmed with Andy that a 'public place' was any place where she could not control who might or might not discover her. He had said one needed to be risky, but she should not put herself in any danger. The rules were, she was getting 30 spanks, and for each location she would reduce the number by 3, a naked photo another 3, and then a video of her there was 4. So, if she was successful, she would not be punished at all.
Chloe had thought about this in the evening before she went to bed and come up with her choices. First was the office. She knew that for about 30 minutes before she started work, the office was completely empty. And if she went to the rest area, there were no cameras to see her. Then she thought the cricket pitch, a short walk from her back garden. It was always empty, late in the evening. Last was the riskiest, as far as she was concerned. Down in town there was an old multi-story carpark. It wasn't used that much anymore; there were newer, more-convenient places to park, and as a result the top two floors were always empty. Nobody parked up there. There were only cameras in the stairwells, the parking floor was not covered, and she had used it a lot with her dad to practice driving before she passed her test. However, she would have to do that in the middle of the day because it was only open 8 a.m. -- 6 p.m.
Chloe had dumped her stuff at her desk and was at the rest area, Chloe had thought about this and had no bra on. That was in her bag, as were her stockings. She had a loose top and a skirt that unclipped with three clips and slip-on shoes. She could be naked in about 10 seconds and respectable again in about 15 seconds. The floor was empty, and she carefully checked the cameras. None had moved; the rest area was completely clear. Chloe had already decided she was going to mess up a little on this task; she wanted to be punished. However, she also wanted this to be successful quickly. So, with a final glance around, she removed her top and unclipped her skirt. She stood naked in her shoes, by a tea and coffee machine. She grabbed her phone and started to film as she stepped out of her shoes.
"Hello, Master," she said into the camera, as she panned it down her body to prove she was naked. Then she continued, "This is my first location. It is my office, it is early in the morning, and I am alone on this floor." Chloe panned the camera around the office to show him, then back to her body, as she played with one of her nipples with the free hand. "I have to say I am wet from the excitement of this, the thought I might get caught. The question is, should I show you?" Chloe laughed, the giggly laugh of a girl having fun. She sat on one of the fake leather chairs and moved the phone down between her legs as she lifted her feet off the floor and into the air. Again, her free hand moved to her body and she ran two fingers up and down the lips of her pussy, soft and pink as they were, slightly flushed from her arousal, but no sign of the punishment they had taken the previous Wednesday afternoon.
Chloe pulled open her lips showing the camera how wat she was, and she was very wet; the thrill of this was turning her on more than she had dreamed it could. "I would masturbate for you Master, but you did not say I was allowed to cum for completing this task," she said playfully, as she slipped her finger into her pussy, with a cheeky grin on her face. She was teasing him as much as she possibly could. Chloe thrust into herself three times then pulled the finger out a wagged it at the camera. "I'm a naughty girl; you didn't tell me to do that, but it was good. Soooooooo good," the tease in her voice was so strong even she could hear it. She stood and danced around the rest area holding the phone as far away from her as she could manage, showing the office spinning around as she danced, her naked body filling the picture. She giggled and laughed as she did this. Then the worst possible noise happened: the lift dinged, as it stopped at this floor. She was not in direct sight of the lift, but whoever it was would only have to walk 20-or-so steps from the lift to see her.
Chloe stopped dancing and ran for her clothes, she heard the heavy steps of a man leave the lift, as she pulled her top on, and she grabbed her skirt and was still clipping it closed when Tim walked into view. He gave her a very odd stare, as she tried to slip her shoes back on without him noticing.
"You are here very early," he said in a querying way. After a moment, as she turned away to hide doing up the last clip on her skirt, he said, "Wait. Were you just doing a task?"
Chloe felt her cheeks burn red; her blush was all the encouragement Tim needed. "You were doing a task. What was it?" Before Chloe could answer he continued, "Don't stop on my account, carry on and finish it. I would love to see."
If it were possible, Chloe went even redder. She sucked in a deep breath and then said, "I thought you were intimidated by me?" He did not look like he was going to respond to that, so she finished the thought, "And I was doing a task, but it is complete."
Tim looked crestfallen as he started walking to his desk. Chloe realised the video was still going on her phone and stopped it. She sent it to Andy with the message, 'First location, my office. I was almost caught by Tim and forgot to stop the video.'
She returned to her desk and tidied the things she had dumped. She pulled out the bag with her bra and stockings in and got up, starting to walk to the ladies to put them on. She was halfway there, when a response arrived from Andy.
'You didn't almost get caught; you got caught. He knows. Punishment! I think you need to show him.' She read Andy's text three times, then looked around the office. There was nobody else here. Chloe walked over to Tim's desk; it took a moment for him to look up.
"So, because you caught me doing the task, I have to have a punishment, and my punishment is to show you what my task was," she said, with a lot more confidence than she felt.
"What was your task then?" he asked, looking more pleased than she was happy with.
"This," she said as she pulled her top off revealing her beautiful, soft, and perky breasts to Tim, it was reckless, she had not checked for camera's facing her or anything. He was still totally focused on them when her skirt fell to the floor too. He took a good ten seconds to allow his gaze to drop to her pussy. His jaw hung open slightly; she was sure he would be drooling in a moment. But his eyes were fixed on the soft pink skin of her of mons and the blush of her pussy lips, which were again betraying her arousal at the situation.
Chloe stood, letting him look. She could hear his breathing; it was short, excited. She didn't want anybody else to see her, but she was prepared to let him look as long as was safe. It was what Andy wanted. "Can I touch?" Tim blurted out. It was more excited than anything.
Chloe had been considering this since the moment her skirt hit the floor, and was still not sure, but her words came out before she had chance to stop them. "If you want."
Tim's hand moved slowly, almost like he did not believe he was allowed, and was testing the water. But after about 2 seconds his hand rested on her side. She was surprised he had not gone straight for her boobs, but he stroked gently down, then back up her side. Her soft skin yielded to his hand, but he had clearly never done a day's manual work in his life, and his touch lacked the strength and firmness of Andy's. Tim seemed to be absorbed in her body's curve across her hip and belly, but with each movement it was moving closer to her breast.
Chloe could not help but notice how turned on she was. And the chance of getting caught was increasing by the minute. She was standing naked in front of Tim simply because Andy had told her to, and for no reason she was certain of, was letting him touch her. His hand caressed her right boob, and her large pert breast responded, her nipples standing to attention as his fingers grazed across the right one. His focus was now only on her breast; he fondled it and teased the nipple. It was delicate and sensual for a boy the same age as her. She was more used to it being treated as a piece of meat.
His head came towards her and she realised that he was about to suck her tit. She moved away quickly, "I said touch, not suck, and I think that is enough for today." Her voice was firm, but not unkind.
She quickly put her skirt back on, and then her top. Tim watched every move. Then she headed to the toilet and put on her stockings and bra, and returned to her desk looking the very model of professional. Her recklessness hit her as she got to her desk, she looked carefully around, there was only one camera facing Tim's desk, and she guessed she might me out of shot, just, but it was possible there was film of her back as she teased Tim. She was annoyed with herself.
She felt horny the entire rest of her work day, so she texted Andy at lunch and told him what had happened, and asked if she could cum to relieve the horny. His response was definitely not what she wanted: he said no to cumming, that she had to learn more control, and that there would be extra punishment for letting Tim touch her. She was sure he liked the idea that Tim had touched her, but she was not going to argue.
Chloe did not go straight home after work. She headed for the multi-story carpark, and drove straight to the top. On the floor one from the top, she passed a car where a young lad, probably 17, and his mum, were just swapping seats, and they were thankfully heading out. Chloe parked and quickly removed her top and bra and then stockings. She got out of the car to remove her skirt, and stood in the carpark naked, where she grabbed her phone to start to record.
"Hello again, Andy," she said, as the bright afternoon sun blazed across her body. "This is the second location. I hope you recognise it, so you know how risky this is." Chloe filmed her body to show she was completely naked and then walked around a bit, filming, to show she had done it properly. She walked up to the very edge, looking out over the town. Her breasts were fully exposed to anybody that looked up; she was really pushing the boundary. Although the wall was only just above her waist, she did not lean over, which would have been going too far. However, there were several buildings around that were at least as high as the carpark, so people in them looking this way could see her.
She returned to the car and stopped filming, she quickly redressed--not the stockings though--and then sat in the car and sent the video to Andy. She thought the 6 spanks for not sending a photo at each location would be a good start, and because she was caught, he would add 5 for that, and probably 5 for Tim touching her, so a good 16 seemed about right. She was getting wet at the thought of being spanked tomorrow as she drove back out of the car park, but what also hit her was that she was disappointed that there had not been more risk, that she'd not been closer to being caught. The erotic feelings she currently had told her she needed to investigate that more, and she decided to speak to Andy about it.
At 10:15, it was time to do the last one. It was almost dark as Chloe slipped unnoticed out of her back door and across the garden. The back gate made more noise than she wanted, as she went through that, but nobody seemed disturbed by it. As she walked along the path to the cricket pitch, she knew from experience that the dog walkers would be done my now. She had snuck out to the cricket pitch with her first boyfriend. They had sex there about 4 times, on the last occasion being caught by a late dog walker. The pitch was surrounded by farm fields, so they had both jumped the wall and ran, half-dressed, carrying clothes, laughing at being caught.
The stone path crunched heavily under her feet as she got to the pitch. She could actually see Andy's house from here, and that made her smile. Chloe had put on the same easy-to-remove skirt from earlier, but now had a t-shirt on top, and flip-flops, but nothing else. She walked onto the pitch and it was empty. All around the pitch were wooden benches, just a little higher than her knee, and long enough to lay on. Again, she had been there and done that. She stopped at one of the benches halfway down one side of the pitch, and checked the camera on her phone in the fading light, but it was perfect, the light sensor compensating, and her image was clear; it looked a lot lighter than it was. About 4 feet behind the bench was a stone wall; she positioned her phone on that wall facing out to film her and started it going.
As she walked back to the pitch she kicked her shoes under the bench, and then turned to face the camera.
"Good evening, Andy, you sexy, sexy man," she said, smiling, and actually feeling disappointed this would be over soon. "This is the third location. Again, you know where this is, and I can wave at your house." She made a play of waving in the direction of his house.
Chloe then started to dance, and as she did, she took hold of the t-shirt bottom and started to lift it, slowly revealing more of her body. She had no idea how to do a strip tease, but was giving it a go, giving the phone a sneak peek of her breasts before turning around to show her back as she removed her shirt. She spun to show her naked top and throw the top at the bench; it just caught it, and hung half on, half off, mocking her amateur performance, but she didn't care. She was laughing at this, now.
Chloe undid her skirt, but kept hold of it wrapped around her, she danced to reveal her legs, then hide them giggling, she turned her back again, and slipped the skirt down to show her bum, wiggling it at the camera, and almost fell over from laughing so much. As she turned, she again threw off the skirt aiming at the bench. It fell on the ground just in front.
She managed to stop laughing, and danced as seductively as she could, showing the camera her body and suppleness, bending and twisting. Any man watching would want her, she had no doubt. For about 2 minutes she moved and played with herself; she was sitting on the ground legs spread to the phone, when she heard the crunch of gravel on the path.
In a flash she looked up, and there was a couple. They looked young, heading onto the cricket pitch. Trying to stay low, she got up fast, and moved quickly to pick up her clothes, diving for the bench further down where there was a bin that gave her some cover. Chloe crouched down, hidden by the bin and bench; there was no way she could move or put her clothes on without being noticed as they were already on the pitch. She just had to stay here naked, and hope--and it was a good hope--the couple had their hands and eyes all over each other, and in each other's clothes. If she stayed quiet, they would be too absorbed in themselves to notice her.
Chloe thought she really shouldn't be surprised; she knew at least three of her friends had used the pitch for sex, so it was not uncommon, but they were walking directly towards her, which was bad luck. They stopped at the bench she had just left, no more than 20 feet from her. She could hear their lips kissing and the fumbling. Chloe went cold. She didn't have her phone; it was still on the wall, filming. Oh god, what if they see it? 'Oh, for fuck's sake,' she said to herself when she saw her flip flops still under the bench, where they were sat, too.
Chloe was quite conflicted; part of her was really turned on watching them, and also at the fact she was almost caught. But she was also scared that she would be caught. How on earth would she explain being naked, and that her phone was filming them? She would be beaten up, or arrested.
By the time she focused back on the couple, the girl's tits were out, and he was sucking on them. They were both about Chloe's age, and she thought she recognised the girl from when she had been at school. She watched as the girl's clothes were opened and pushed up and for 10 minutes there was not-too-great foreplay; the girl most certainly didn't cum. But in a scene that Chloe could completely relate to, the girl ended up on her back on the bench, and after he got the condom on--which was comical to watch--Chloe watched the 90 seconds of pumping before the lad shot his load.
That poor girl's experience tonight was exactly why Chloe had gone to Andy. This was the life of a late-teenage girl: boys that had no idea, and walking back home completely unsatisfied to finish yourself off.
Chloe watched as they tidied and straightened their clothes, and kissed a little more before they got up and started to leave. As they did, the lad noticed something, and said, "Hey look. There are flip flops under the bench. They aren't yours, are they?" The girl looked. Chloe prayed they did not look further and see the phone. She did not want to lose her Armani flip flops, but was willing to. She was not willing to lose her phone. Then the girl replied, "Nah, they are Primark knock-offs, probably left by one of the fat yoga mums," and they walked away.
"PRIMARK KNOCKOFFS!" Chloe was incense. She almost stood up and shouted at them, but under her breath she said, "You don't deserve to cum, you bitch."
As soon as the couple was back on the path walking away from her, she got up and ran to her phone, she picked it up and said into the camera, "My flip flops are Armani, the cheeky cow. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the show, and I wasn't caught," she laughed as loudly as she dared, and stopped recording. She quickly got dressed and started back home, sending the video on the way.
Chloe was working from home on Wednesday, and got up a little late. As she walked downstairs at 8 a.m to get a tea, she looked at her phone. There were six messages from Andy, some from last night, some from this morning.
1. The first bit of the video with you is great, the second bit not so much.
2. I think you have deliberately forgotten the photos, that is extra punishment.
3. When you ran to your clothes and disappeared, I had no idea what was happening. I laughed a lot when they sat down.
4. Butt plug in before you arrive today, love egg in as soon as you read this text.
5. Decided you are getting punished for not editing the video and only sending me the bit of you.
6. I have seen you are working from home today. I have no meetings after 1:30 so, over here as soon as you can, young lady! I am not sure you will be walking straight or will be able to sit down when I am finished.
Chloe smiled at the last one. Sounds like I am in for it, she said to herself. Once the kettle was on, she ran upstairs, grabbed he vibrating egg, and slipped it in. She was already wet from thinking about her punishment, and it went in easily. She ensured it was connected to her phone, then texted Andy. "Very good, Master. I am sorry, and I will accept my punishment in full. Thank you, Master. Egg is in place, Master."
She was not even all the way down stairs when the egg started, and the shock had her almost falling down the last step. It was still going when as she poured the water from the kettle onto the teabag. Once her tea was ready to drink she sat at the kitchen table, but jumped up again straight away, the chair amplifying the vibrations and filling the kitchen with sound! It stopped as she walked back to her bedroom.
At 2:07, Chloe was ready to leave the house. She had on a tight t-shirt, with no bra, and another skirt, this one with buttons, but still relatively easy to get on and off. Andy would have her naked in seconds. It had taken her a few minutes to get the butt plug in; she had rushed and not used enough lube, but second time lucky. She slipped on her flip-flops and walked out the door, carrying the small bag that had her laptop in. She must never forget the cover, but also, space for anything Andy gave her. As she walked across the road, she could not help but be impressed by how big her chest looked in this tight t-shirt, and she was smiling as she knocked on Andy's door.
It took nearly a minute before Andy opened the door, and she was sure that she'd heard him coming down the stairs before. He stood aside and let her in, and then closed the door and said, "Good afternoon, Miss Moore. I hope you are ready for my attention?"
"Yes, Master. I have been looking forward to it," she said in a bright and happy voice.
"Good," he said. "Follow me." Andy started back up the stairs, and Chloe followed. He took her to the bedroom she had been in before, and the bar was in place again. She also observed plenty of things around the room: a candle, ice bucket and several toys, lube, crop, but she was especially happy to see the strap again.
Andy closed the door behind them, and then approached Chloe, his arms flowing around her. Then he kissed her, a passionate kiss, which she warmly returned, their tongues meeting and dancing. His hand moved across her body and gave her shivers; he had never treated her this tenderly to start a session, and it surprised her, but she was loving it. Before she knew it, her t-shirt was up and they parted as he pulled it over her head. She took that as a sign to unbutton his shirt, as they started to kiss again. Moments later her skirt fell to the floor, and to complete the picture, she stepped out of her shoes, just as the last button on she skirt was undone. Andy picked her up and placed her on the bed, slipping down his trousers and boxers and dropping his shirt off his shoulders.
Chloe's eyes were drawn to his cock; it was hard, and she had a deep desire to touch it. But before she could do anything, Andy climbed on the bed and wrapped his arms around her legs and his head disappeared between them. Chloe was already wet, but she shook with pleasure as he ran his tongue up one lip of her pussy, tracing the curves of her soft pink skin, but being gentle and teasing. As he switched and ran down the other in the same manner, she could not help but moan.
Chloe's hands came down and into his hair; she ran her fingers through it, and distracted herself, as his tongue parted her lips. Then he darted it in and out of her pussy, as deep into her hole as it would reach. It was like he was punching with his tongue, and it sent shivers across her body. As his tongue ran up between her lips, she really started to feel her arousal rise, and she yelped like she had been spanked as he flicked across her clit. With his tongue he circled her clit, pushing hard enough so the skin around her clit pulled and moved against her pubic bone, her moans getting louder and more pronounced. For a few moments there was direct pressure on her clit, and she jumped. Even with Andy holding her, she moved across the bed. Then something she had never experienced before--her clit was sucked, and not just a little. Her whole clit was in his mouth, and she could feel his teeth. The sensations were intense as he used his tongue to roll it across the back of his teeth. She twisted this way and that, but his grip of her was tight now, and she actually moved very little. And, her ability to hold off an orgasm was waning.
"Oh god, I am going to cum. I can't stop it," she moaned. Andy released her, and said quickly, "Don't you dare until I say."
That relief lasted all of a second and he had it sucked up again. It wasn't just the direct pressure on her clit, but every movement seemed to cause tingling deep inside her, too. As he was doing that, with one hand he moved, and his fingers slipped into her pussy. Moment later the egg was extracted; she had forgotten it was there. The fingers went straight back in and curved up, pressing on the front wall of her pussy. She almost threw him off the bed when he got the right spot. Her reaction was involuntary, but she said, "Sorry, Master."
Slowly he brought her to the point of orgasm, her moaning loud and breathing short. Then just when she didn't think she could hold it off any more, he stopped. She sucked in a couple of deep breaths, and tried to relax.
"From this point on you may cum as you desire," Andy said, a smile on his face.
He moved, and before she realised, his cock was pressing into her pussy. It slipped up--it felt too big with the butt plug in--and she gasped as he just kept pushing until it was all in. He lifted her legs and placed them against his body. Her feet were now pointing at the ceiling, and when he withdrew, his cock rubbed hard against the forward wall of her pussy, causing the orgasm build to break back into life. He thrust in and out in this position, the feeling deep inside her growing, and her hand coming down to touch her clit. She was extra careful, as it was the most sensitive she remembered it ever being.
Chloe moaned and grunted as Andy thrust into her, her own clit play adding to this, his hands gently stroking her and playing with her breasts. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the experience. This was real lovemaking, not a boy getting to fuck a girl, but a man making the whole experience envelope her, making the world around her disappear. She was moving gently, pushing into his thrusts, making the most of every sensation.
Andy's thrusts were slowly becoming stronger and harder, as was her pressure on her clit, which felt slightly odd to her, as she was also fighting the urge to climax. She had been on the brink for at least two minutes, but was holding it off, building the pressure within her. The ability to hold was falling away, though; she knew in a moment she would be cumming. She could not hold any longer.
Chloe almost screamed as electric shocks shot across her body. She shook and muscles burned as they locked up. Her eyes were closed, but she was not sure she could focus on anything if she opened them. Her mind raced as the orgasm did not subside; Andy's thrusting seemed to push it to a new intensity with every stroke. Her pussy was on fire.
Chloe was struggling to catch her breath, as she felt Andy's cock start to pulse, then, moments later, she felt that amazing feeling of his cum firing into her. She shook again at the thought of Andy cumming, causing her to have one final intense spasm before her orgasm ended. She collapsed back onto the bed, and then Andy onto her. Her arms folded around him and they lay there.
As her leg was moved into the air, Chloe realised that Andy had climbed off of her and had hold of her leg. By the time she was fully back to awareness, her leg was hoist to the bar and tied, pulled to the side and level with her head. Andy had already grabbed the other leg and it was also pulled up and to the side, tied to the other side of the bar. Once he had finished, her arse was several inches off the bed and her pussy was very exposed. Andy quickly tied her arms behind her to the headboard; she could wiggle about, but really didn't have a lot of movement.
"Right," said Andy. "For deliberately not taking the photos, and the photo's themselves missing, you are getting ten strokes of the crop. Then for the video, getting caught and letting Tim touch you, you are getting fifteen with the strap."
"Yes, Master," she replied. "I deserve nothing less."
Chloe waited as he picked up the crop, and then yelped as, much quicker than she expected, he swung it and connected well with her arse, the thwack sounding around the room, her skin stinging immediately. Four more came in quick succession, her cheeks burning, it wasn't a sting, it was painful, and as Andy's hand came down and stroked the redness, it did not feel better. She concluded that these strokes really were punishment, but she could not escape that feeling that the pain was turning her on. She hated the pain, but at the same time liked it.
Andy's hand settled on the butt plug and he moved it, then for a moment fucked her arse with it before reseating it. She was still relaxing from that when the crop landed again, 3 lower on her cheeks, almost to her back, then two very much at the top point her cheeks turned into her legs. She had managed to stay silent for the first three, but these made her yelp in pain again. She was sure she could feel welts raising already. But his hand was stroking her before she had time to think, caressing her bottom, and she had to admit she liked that.
"There you go; the crop is done," Andy smiled, as he continued to stroke and again let his hand move to the plug.
"You didn't have to enjoy that so much, Master," Chloe said. "I will feel those when I sit down."
"Oh, I do hope so," he replied. "I want you to think twice before you deliberately disobey."
Chloe was not sure how to reply to that, and simply said, "Yes, Master. It will not happen again."
Andy seemed to enjoy stroking her, his hands gentle, soft, and moving in a sensual way that turned Chloe on. She wanted to feel that connection, as the stroke moved across her sore cheeks, and then played in the wet mess that were her pussy lips, tracing them, moving them, parting them, working his way to her clit. Fingers circled her clit, she felt it move as the skin around it moved. It was still sensitive from earlier, and her body responded.
Andy played, and slowly raised the arousal level in Chloe, bringing her more and more towards a second orgasm. This was more than the normal play between strokes. This was focused; she realised she would be holding the orgasm back in moments, she wanted to ensure this was big, and while Andy was letting her cum she wanted to make it more than ordinary, then she moaned loudly.
Andy seemed to take that moan as a signal that he had got her to the right place, his hands moving away from her, the warmth fading quicker than she would have liked. Then, from nowhere, the strap crashed across her pussy, the tip crushing her clit beneath it. The pain was exquisite, bouncing the orgasmic build back up a notch. She moaned again, which appeared to be what Andy wanted to hear, as a second slap landed the same as the first, and fire broke out from her clit.
She moaned, "Oh god."
The words had barely left her lips when a third slap came down the same as the first two, slightly higher, her clit crushed completely, Chloe shook from the intense pleasure she got from that, her orgasm, ready to blow. Four and five landed in quick succession, and she squeaked with pleasure, now holding the orgasm back; the pain and torture of her clit together was almost too much.
Andy's hand returned, stroking and rubbing, her lips now red, partly from her arousal and partly from the punishment. As he twisted her clit and she bit her lip to resist the climax, he said, "You can cum during the last five."
Chloe was struggling to speak, and the "Yes, Master," she let out could really have been anything, but Andy seemed to accept it. As his hand moved away, her breathing was fast and shallow. As the next slap landed, she positively bounced in her bonds, muscle spasms rocking through her. Then again, as two and three of this five landed, she screamed out, but the lack of any deep breath meant it came out more as a whimper.
Andy let her rocking settle down, then four and five landed. She felt tears roll down her face, not from any pain, but from the force of will it was taking not to cum. Even a couple of weeks ago if you had told her this would happen, she would have laughed at you as mad. As Andy started to stroke again, she wanted to tell him to stop, to get on with it, she needed to cum, now, and this was dragging out the moment too long. She was almost in pain holding it back. When Andy twisted her clit again, she cried out; it was a petulant cry, the type you hear from a four-year-old told 'no!' But it worked in helping her supress.
When the next slap landed, hard and fully across her clit, it was almost a relief. She fought to not cum on that first strike, but her mind knowing she could was betraying her. She was 90% successful, but knew at the swish of the strap sounded through the air that the next strike would overwhelm her. It landed just like the previous one, and she exploded. Electrical energy, for the second time today, coursed through her, her muscled contracting and fighting her bonds, her mind black. The next strap landed as she was in mid-orgasm, and she cried out again, the action feeling like it reset the climax to the beginning, and it started again. Her body was shaking with pleasure as the fourth landed. Her body was already completely out of her control and the renewed sensation through her clit did nothing to help, as she screamed. She had never been a screamer, but the tension that it seemed to release worked for her. She was getting control of her breathing back, right up to the last one striking. It was the hardest of the day; her lips burned with the sting, and her clit--she didn't know how to describe that. It was crushed into her body, and the result was like somebody had stuck a million pins into her body, every last millimetre felt like it was her clit, screaming at her to stop this, it could not take anymore. She actually felt sick, her body bucking and twisting so violently, she thought she might rip the bar off the ceiling.
Chloe felt Andy's hands on her body. He was stroking her, and his attention was on her breasts, but she was lost to that. She was fighting to get the spasms and electrical charge in her body under control. She was then aware that Andy had released her arms, but she was not sure what to do with them. She ended up wrapping them around herself. As her legs were released, she curled up into the foetal position, shaking, her breathing ragged.
It was like the dying orgasm and her body were at war. It was different from everything else she had experienced. Her mind was content, almost peaceful, but her body was a mess of sensitivity and shocks of pleasure, which waned slowly.
When she opened her eyes, Andy was sitting on the bed watching her. She moved and crawled to him and cuddled into him. Still shaking a little, she said, "That was different." She was not sure what else to say.
"Was it good, though?" Andy asked.
"Oh, fuck yes. My other orgasms were intense; that was complete loss of control," she replied. There was a pause then she continued, "I don't know how to describe that, Master."
Andy hugged her. "You don't have to," were his simple words.
Time passed in a blur. The next time Chloe was really able to focus on something, she was walking back up her driveway, the fabric of her dress was burning the welts on her arse, and her legs felt a little like jelly. She had not cum again after that final explosion; actually, she thought Andy was afraid to touch her further, sexually, for fear of sending her completely over the edge. At bedtime, she still had tingling within her body that would not stop. She hoped it would be gone in the morning, but she was in no doubt that she had done the right thing those weeks ago in trying to get Andy's attention, even if the thing that had worked had been a complete accident.