Chapter 07.2 : Some sultry dispersal before the visitors cum, Part 2
Dear Reader(s) :
This will be a12-Chapters-story, a true story. (This is a corrected prediction - for all of my readers following this novel from scratch, all the time awaiting 8 chapters as provided in my basic storyline - thank you so much for giving me lots of encouraging feedback and compliments, mostlythanking me for sharing, asking for more details, and pleading, even urging me on to continue writing. Well, I promise I'll do :-). And I appreciate your every input, very much.
I've made some good friends through the feedback and have found corresponding with them a real pleasure, mostly.
Very few of you are still awaiting my answer - please be patient, I'm writing on Ch. 07.3 already.
For those of you who are new to this story: I would recommend to read the previous chapters before proceeding here.
Thank you all, and enjoy!
femadorer
Part 2: Friday Night
My bladder's urgent request to be emptied seeped into my subconsciousness, causing me to hesitantly open my eyes. The smooth, warm weight of Renate's pelvis, settled upon my lower abdomen was the answer to this problem, up from where we were intimate connected her front covered mine like a cosy, shallowly respiring blanket with her still glowing face nestled into my right neck bow, her arms still crossed in the back of my neck; thereunder I felt the damp heat of her sex encasing mine, both our sexes in resting state - a pleasantly comfortable feeling, despite the cool dampness of our leaked juices on my wonderful warm crotch. Silence filled the kitchen, and the last remain of twilight, shining into the windows created a calm, peaceful spirit; the glint of our three slightly dancing candlelights only added to the coziness... I silently reveled in grateful satisfaction, and overwhelming bliss.
Sylvia seemed to sleep, as well as Renate, and I smiled amused. My mouth was dry, and I bethought how to reach for the wine glass without startling the sweet burden in my lap, but then I thought of the better, lifted my hand from her left hip up to her slender waist to hold her safe and in place, and straightened slowly to have a look around at first. In the dim light I spotted the wine glass at first view, it seemed to be in reach, but all of a sudden I realized that my thoughts had been idle, and I silently laughed over my unnecessary deliberations - I had no free hand... my right hand still rested on the right side of Sylvia's chest, seemingly short beneath her right breast since I could sense the warmth of the lovely mound on the side of my index finger - and on no account I could remove my hand without waking our princess.
Huh! And...what now?
My rambling thoughts let me know that no acceptable solution was in sight; meanwhile my left hand was lazily roaming over the damp delicateness of Renate's back, without deliberate intention on the way up to my lover's well defined shoulder blade, continuing higher to the back of her soft and tender neck, before sneaking beneath the fragrant silkiness of her shoulder length hair to rest on her nape in the end, my thumb slowly and feathery stroking the hairline and up the vertical valley above the topmost cervical vertebra. She mewed softly, and her head shifted a bit, now she was exhaling against the side of my neck, a wonderful warm, gentle breeze; she gave a cute little sigh that made me smile, a few moments later murmuring some almost inaudible words...no chance to understand any of them, followed by some more mewing sounds. A warm wave of endearment flooded me, I buried my nose in her hair, feasting on the ambrosial scent; and alike numerous times before I asked myself why all those little, typical female noises had this always unfailing effect on me, nobody had ever been able to explain that to me. Besides the meaning of a woman's moan, of course - being by far the loveliest sound in the world... that was all too obvious, and needed no explanation. Of course.
Renate's fingers, lazily stroking my nape ripped me out of my thoughts, and I bent down to lean my cheek on hers, delighted as I felt her smile building, she heaved a soft sigh when her opening gripped the root of my cock softly, "mmhhh... you're still inside me, so sweet my heart, thank you." She yawned quietly, then rubbed her cheek on mine, softly and slowly, her low voice still sleepily, "Ouughh...it's dark... gosh, I must have dozed off... huuh, how long...?"
I smiled and turned my head a bit to kiss her cheek softly, "I was so spent that I fell asleep too, my sweet little baby. My bladder startled me, about ten minutes ago; I guess it's past nine, twilight is still shining in, so I'd say we napped for an hour, about that..." I murmured, "...ahem, you're feeling good, my sweet heart?"
"Yes...yesss I do, my love!"
She plucked at my hair, softly, and I lifted my head to face her, her eyes must have been wide open cause a lonesome candlelight was reflected in the right one... heavens - reflecting?... suddenly I was concerned, "Renate, darling... you are sobbing, what is it my love? Please tell me..."
My lovely lady shook her head, slowly, before her hands descended on my back to hold on tight, her lips brushed over mine, before she gave a trembling sigh and whispered against my lips,, "it's nothing my man, my wonderful man, please don't worry my love... it's nothing but happiness my darling... pure, overwhelming happiness."
My hands lowered, my fingertips grazed down her spine, she sobbed harder now, I kissed her softly and murmured into her slightly parting lips, "Thank you my sweet heart, I love to hear that, it makes ME happy when YOU are happy my heart, and that will never change, Renate." I was not a bit surprised to feel rivers of tears running down her cheeks now, dripping from her chin in the end to pool on my chest; her soft, small form shook wildly, my hand flattened and roamed slowly all over her quivering back. "You are the greatest friend we could have wished for, Renate, and we are grateful; the more so as you are a lovely, beautiful, wonderful woman my love, an impressing personality... and last but not least an exciting lover."
My tongue parted her slightly quaking lips tenderly, lovingly and roamed slowly along the luscious lower lip, back and forth, she gave a few quivering sighs between sobs and her hands on my back stroked me forcefully, and, "Ooh daarrling..." she sobbed quietly.
I smiled to myself, licked her lips 'goodbye' and kissed my way over her generously wetted cheek, sucking at her earlobe I whispered, "I know my sweet baby, and it's okay - let it out my love, you need to reduce tension. So many emotions, wonderful, exciting emotions, some of them totally new and unexpected; you had to take a lot today my love, and it's overwhelming, I know my darling. And I'm here for you, to support you my love, to help you to come to terms with what we've been given so suddenly and unexpectedly... you are not alone my sweet heart. We love you Renate, dearly and deeply, and we will be by your side... we will never let you fall my darling - you will know that already, don't you my heart?" A weak nod was her only answer, followed by a... well, tittering sob - that was new, and I loved it instantly; to hide my bright grin I lifted my head up and buried my face in her rich hair, before I lowered my mouth to nibble my way down her auricle, a soft bite on her earlobe ended the lovingly trail. She gave a cute little sigh and I felt her smile on my cheek, the steady stream had already lessened, and was about to subside now.
She sighed again, deeper now and straightened a bit, a little, disappointed grunt escaped me with the sudden loss of the sweet, warm pressure of her breasts on my chest as her right hand lowered to stroke my left cheek, so softly and lovingly that I nestled my cheek into the soft palm to hide my watering eyes from her. Meanwhile the twilight had gone at last, and it was entirely dark outside, but the dim light coming from the candles allowed me to watch her nearing eyes whilst her fair face closed in to mine till our lips met for a soft, lovingly kiss, before her tender voice adulated my ears, "Seems you're missing something you liked on you, my darling? I'm sorry my love, they're missing your warmth too, already, and will return to your chest soon, I just had to straighten for a moment." She giggled under her breath whilst arching her back a bit, the tips of her breasts brushed slowly over my chest, a soft sigh escaped her with the tender touch and I got my next sweet kiss, "mmhhh, so good my love... soooo good..." I agreed with a low moan of approval, and felt my still half hard prick growing, a bit. She didn't seem to notice, I got my next soft kiss and she continued quietly, "I feel like being under a charm my love; in this calm, peaceful atmosphere, encased by your love my darling... your words of love, the loveliest words I've ever heard in my life, still echoing in my head... and in my heart..." Her hand returned to my nape to caress it ever so slowly, and she again melted into me, another kiss, a swift one and she leaned her cheek on mine like before, "...thank you for leading me to this magic place, my sweet love, thank you for letting me feel this, Bernd... I wished we could stay here forever my love..."
I smiled, she purred softly with the feel of it on her cheek, and I whispered against her ear, "Yes my love, I share your feeling... this is a wonderful place, and I want us to return - but then we will beg our princess to join us, sweet Sylvia should feel this too. Oh, by the way, my sweetie - I apologize for being so scratchy. You know dear, I wasn't aware that Sylvia would need me to stay with her round the hours, so I wasn't prepared properly."
"That's okay my love, you couldn't know, indeed. Don't worry about it Bernd, it's minor. Say, didn't you mention before that you need to pee?"
"Well, yes darling. But... it's a bit difficult in the moment, so it has to wait; Sylvia must have fallen asleep as well, and because she's leaning on my shoulder I need my right arm to hold her, you know... to keep her from sliding. So I'm immobile in the moment, kind of; I couldn't even reach for the wine glass though I was thirsty when I woke up - it's in reach but I had no free arm..." I chuckled lowly, "...but don't expect me to complain my love - having a beautiful woman in each of my arms is so much lovelier than a sip of wine."
She giggled happily, and I got a quick peck on my cheek before her neat little tongue entered my auricle, she cooed into it, "I love your way of looking at the world my love... you'll always strive to get the best of it all, right?" Sweet pussy seemed to be fond of the theme, and tightened a bit, Li'l Dicky showed his appreciation with a twitch, and some growing.
"Mmhhh..." I complimented Renate, smiling brightly, "...is it possible that sweet pussy woke up again, what do you think my lovely beauty?"
She moaned lowly with feeling my growth, her vaginal walls clasped me with advanced verve, as well as her opening, geeze... that felt good, nonetheless my sassy bitch snorted, "I can' tell, sorry Bernd, she doesn't signalize anything to me... except being filled up with our juices, of course..." her small form shook slightly on my chest, most likely because of suppressing some silly giggling, "...maybe if you'd grow a bit...?"
I chuckled, "well... that's not what I'd hoped for to hear..." I could feel her bright grin on my cheek whilst the tip of her tongue teased the entrance to my auditory canal, I shuddered wildly, and croaked, "...but it's nice to be confirmed that being busy will be worthwhile in the end..."
She couldn't hold on any longer and laughed quietly whilst granting me a peck on my cheek, "well, what I can say my darling..." she planted a series of feathery kisses across my cheek before capturing my lips for a demanding kiss whilst her thighs tightened, a second later her sex, and her hips began to rotate, slowly and seductively, my hand descended to the small of her back to caress the sensitive region what caused her sex to clasp me any harder, I groaned my appreciation into her enthusiastically sucking lips whilst we wheezed into each others mouth and my cock grew to full mast with all the lovely attention.
She broke the kiss, leaving both of us panting hard, her head fell back as she felt her vaginal walls massaging my shaft in earnest, what caused her to arch her back thus pressing her pelvis harder against mine, her arms straightened and her hands grasped my shoulder blades to hold on for dear life, and she wheezed, "Ooh daarrling, that was amazing... I never felt something like that..."
My eyelids had shut with the sensuous delight, now they flew open and I murmured in return, "Yes darling, it was... it felt... well, weird, kind of, as if I created a bow wave with my cockhead pushing up... oh darling - geeze, tell me that you don't hurt..."
Renate lowered her chest to rest it on mine again, nestled her head on my left shoulder and purred against my neck, "heavens darling... I can't get enough of you." She sucked my earlobe, "mmh, soo good..." lowly giggling when she felt my shiver, "...mmhhh how I love to torture you my love... you're wonderful Bernd, and you are a wonderful lover. Ooh - what did you mean with 'hurt'? Why should I hurt? I was delighted, and it was... outstanding, and I want that again... what a feeling... I wished you would shrink, and again grow inside me..." sweet pussy seemed to be delighted as well and showed her appreciation openly, and lovingly.
I needed a few moments before I made out what had been going wrong, I chuckled, "I guess we talked at cross purposes darling - I only was concerned that you might hurt with me compressing our juices while there's no chance for them to run down my shaft because you're clasping me so tight. I'm relieved that I've been wrong, my sweetie."
She shook her head lightly, tittering, "Geeze, you're ever so thoughtful darling, but no - there was no hurt, not a bit. Though you're right Bernd, I'm filled up to the max meanwhile... with you, and what we worked so hard for, but it feels nothing but great my love..." She chortled lowly, "...now that I think about it my darling - you better don't shrink, not before we can make it to the toilet in the end. Or we'll leave a wet, a very wet trace on the way, you know?" And we chuckled in unison.
She lifted her head a bit to kiss me sweetly, her hands roamed slowly and softly down and up my back whilst she rested her cheek on mine to whisper near my ear, "I love you Bernd, I love you soo much. And I thank you for this wonderful evening, you gave me so much, and it was perfect. Everything was perfect my love, and it was pure bliss all through the evening, from welcoming me so gently and lovingly, then seeing our sweet Sylvia so happy, and totally changed..." tears began to flow down her soft, warm cheek, and my hand raised to stroke her nape lovingly, "...the delicious meal, the charming, almost magic atmosphere... and your way, the very special, almost... artful way of making love to me," she fought down a sob, I smiled, kissed her cheek and hugged her tighter, "...you... oh God darling I do hard to find words for what you let me feel, my love... but I want to let you know Bernd..." she shook her head, slowly, and gave up, for now. My lips brushed over her damp face and let her feel how much I loved her, she gave a shivering sigh, then purred softly, her arms crossed in the back of my neck and she pressed her slightly trembling body into me like a second skin as she sobbed quietly, "...oh yess darling, so good, never stop my love... that's part of it Bernd, I've never felt loved like this before my darling... it's the way you show, and let me feel your love, with your beautiful, wonderful eyes, your magic lips, your loving hands, your stimulating voice, and..." she tittered lowly, and cooed, "...I shouldn't forget your wonderful, and eager cock, right my love?"
I grinned, and chuckled, "No darling, of course not... it's certainly not that easy to forget about him -- not in this moment..."
She giggled, and gave a contented sigh then, "Well, my love..." her sweet lips drew a path of pure endearment all over my face, "...it's not just a case of this moment Bernd - my head is reeling since your half-hardness stirred and began to grow inside me... I was excessively aware of every second of the progress, so forgetting his presence is simply ruled out, the more so as he's drumming your heartbeat throughout my entire core." Meanwhile her lips had approached mine, and now her sharp little teeth nibbled all along my lower lip, thus causing sweet pussy's best friend to jerk a few times. "Je-susss-Chriieesst..." she moaned loudly, then cawed, "...you'd better omit that, Bernd... I'm already overheated, and I'm sure you know very well that I'm close again, very close!!" I tried hard to suppress the urge to chuckle to myself, but failed miserably, she hissed, "Gawd... you are such a bastard..." she meant to hold her voice sternly, but I could 'hear' her smile, she leaned her cheek on mine like before, and sank her teeth into the lobe of my ear... in revenge I flexed my cock one, two, three times, she tensed and gave a breathless whisper, "Ooh God NO!... Berrrnnndd..." her intense reaction let me feel that she'd face a hard hit, so my hand descended to her butt to hold her safe and steady, my middle finger buried itself deep in the splayed cleft, too late I felt that the tip of my finger was pressing into her crinkled pucker, with the feel of her suddenly quivering abdomen I realized that exactly that had been the one drop too much... no chance to correct anything, so I concentrated on holding my vibrating cutie as tight as possible without hurting her. Her thighs tightened, she panted hard before she expelled a wailing as sweet pussy clamped down on my throbbing member, hard as if trying to squish him, more panting, interrupted by a low groan, "ooaahhgaawwdd... Berrnndd..." that escaped her wide opened mouth, then she started bucking in rhythms, elevation rising, she fought so hard for air that streaks of saliva escaped her mouth and dribbled onto my neck and collarbone, "ooaahhh daaarrlinng..." her breathless sigh when the bucking subsided tightened my throat and almost moved me to tears, my hand left her sweaty cleft and slowly caressed my sweet cutie's damp back to help her to calm down.
I knew she'd need a few minutes, since her pelvis still jerked with her pussy's orgasmic spasms, that ran along my grateful pole, back and forth... what a highly delighting massage. My ears feasted on her breathless sighs whilst I mumbled sweet words of appreciation into her hair, she moaned lowly as I lowered my lips and continued with explaining her all about my love against her ear, then her glowing cheek, some quivering sighs mixed into her cute little moans, my chest widened and I smiled when I felt her weak little smile against my caressing lips, I rewarded her with a soft peck on her lips before I leaned my cheek on hers, softly and slowly rubbing I declared mumbling, "I love you, my wild beauty... I love you sooo much, my sweet, beautiful, wonderful woman. Thank you for making me so happy my love, with feeling your warm, delicious softness on me, in my arms... I'll never get enough of you, gorgeous, and I'll never stop loving you, Reni."
"Ooohh darling... daarrlinng..." her trembling sigh moved me deeply, I tortured her glowing cheek with feathery kisses till she purred contentedly, her left hand caressed my nape whilst the right lowered to stroke my back lovingly, "oh God Bernd, my love, have mercy on me... I feel like bursting with love and happiness, already, and still you won't stop to make me even happier..."
I chuckled lowly, "I couldn't help myself darling... what we just shared was so amazing my love, almost... spellbound, and it touched me deeply my sweet love. You know... you almost melted in my arms, and I want this wonderful feeling again and again, and again... for both of us my love. And now I want a kiss, my gorgeous, one of your special sweet kisses... let me feel how happy you are, and that you forgive me... please."
She tried a snort, out came an awfully cute mewing sound, and I could feel her smile on my lips before she lifted her head to meet my wish... showing overwhelming endearment, and all of her love... an almost feathery brush over my lips at first, before both of our lips parted slightly and the tips of our tongues met to slowly, almost hesitantly circle the other, then they started to dance, a slow, seductive waltzing; my hand raised to the back of my lover's head, sneaked beneath her hair to stroke her nape in the same rhythm as her hand caressed mine. Our chests took the rhythm over, as well slowly dancing with each other. I grew goose bumps all over as a devotional, almost hypnotically mood captured us, from our bellies up everything moved in slow motion mode... "ooh darling..." Renate's stifled sigh into my lips was almost inaudible, for a moment I added a bit of pressure to her lips, only to let her feel that I understood and shared our mood.
None of us really wanted this to ever end, nonetheless our bodies' movements subsided and came to a halt, our tongues retreated and our lips brushed over each others till our cheeks sought and regained loving contact. "Ooh sweet heavens..." I whispered devoutly, "thank you for this wonderful, unique gift my sweet love... what a delighting way you have to show me that I am forgiven." Her trembling sob in return caused me to hold my beloved girl any tighter.
We leaned there for an unknown stretch of time, reveling in our mutual happiness and familiarity, induced by this outstanding, heartwarming mood that had encased us, only now being on the wane. Our hands couldn't stop to caress each others nape, from time to time roaming up to lovingly stroke each others scalp, some low moans and deep sighs of satisfaction escaped us to subside in the darkness, a sole little snoring sound waving over from Sylvia conjured us to smile, and I planted a few swift kisses on Renate's cheek, "Thank you for helping to make this fair and beautiful evening an extraordinary, unforgettable experience, my ravishing beauty; the fabulous mix of exciting voluptuousness and romantic interludes, enhanced by the almost magical atmosphere once it had darkened delighted me beyond belief... I want that again, my beloved woman, and I guess you feel like it. Feeling the almost inconceivable closeness we gained in this few hours you let me feel that you do, my love."
I had expected Renate's deep sigh and a quick peck on my cheek, but as she then literally clutched me and pressed into me as if wanting to seep into me I had to suppress a yelp of surprise, I chuckled lowly and murmured, "Heavens help me, darling! I confess that I love you, too... only don't break me, or I will be of no use... later, okay?"
"Ooh, I'm sorry darling, please forgive me." Nonetheless not tending to loosen her grip.
I frowned, not because of her words, but her tuneless voice. I asked quietly, "Reni?"
An almost inaudible 'hmm...?', a slightly quaking shoulder and some wetness on my cheek had me feel that something went completely wrong, "Darling... heavens, my darling, please tell... Oh my God! Now it comes... Geeze, I'm sorry my love... I wanted to ask before, but caught in the hypnotically mood I forgot about it: You mentioned 'this wonderful evening' before, and that it was perfect... 'WAS'!!... and that several times... you won't... oh my darling, my sweet little girl -- NO!" I snickered, relieved, "Oh God my sweet love - this evening... YOUR evening my love... is not to end... NO! - it will end when we - well, probably I should say: if we ever - make it to the bedroom to start the night... still YOUR night - it still is dedicated to you my love, just in case you forgot about it." I turned my head a bit to enable me to kiss the tears off her cheek, planted a series of swift little kisses down to her sweet lips, where I finished my voyage with a big, thick, smacking kiss. She got an eskimo kiss, and I continued, "Heavens help me, my sweet cutie - Sylvia loves you as much as I do, and none of us will send you home. We offered that to you my love, and you will know that we don't pronounce sweet words with no meaning - everything we offered to you is meant to be an iron law you can rely on, my love. That means that our door will always be open for you, you will always be welcome my love, and we will always strive to make you feel at home, because you deserve it, Renate..." the sudden feel of a neat tongue between my teeth made it difficult to continue, the more so as a pair of sweetly tasting lips covered mine, so I pretended to give in and sucked her tongue in, whilst using my hold on her nape to keep her from escaping my assault. I could feel a smile building on her lips as she used her own grip to pluck at my hair in the back of my neck, but more playfully than seriously. Her smile froze when my tongue slipped beneath hers to tease the sensitive underside, a cute little moan was my reward, and her smile grew wider when she tightened her sex, or... maybe her pussy constricted on her own accord, 'twas hard to say, and not that important, by the way.
My lazily twitching member feasted on the tender, loving massage, and I allowed my sweet tease's tongue to retreat, she sighed softly into my lips and I was granted a soft, sweet kiss before she rubbed her cheek on mine, again. My hand resumed to caress her nape and up till I had her constantly moaning with pure complacency, before she whispered against my ear, "oh darling, what a wonderful feeling, please don't stop my love... never stop... I'll never get enough of your loving hands on me, your tender touches, the sensual caress only you can give, my sweet heart." She lifted her head a bit to grant me the next sweet kiss, and her cheek returned, "...and that's part of what I wanted to tell you when I interrupted you before... no darling, I wasn't concerned anymore, that's long forgotten... you remember when I came back from seventh heaven before and suddenly was anxious that I might have bored you two with constantly passing out? And you knew, somehow you knew... and appeased me with this playful question and answer... well, game." Again her cheek left mine, and she kissed me, a tender, sweet, lonnnngg kiss... no longing, no need, just pure endearment and love. With our lips still locked we let out a mutual sigh that caused both of us to smile, and she mumbled against my lips, "ooh Bernd, how I love to feel your smile on my lips, it's just wonderful. But, say darling, are you still thirsty? Sorry my love... I forgot about it, and I forgot that you can't reach for the glass in the moment."
"Oh, that's a good idea my sweetie. The wine glass should be almost full, still... it's placed behind your left shoulder and should be in reach for you when I support your waist, do you want to give it a try? We could share, my love... or would you prefer water?"
"Let's share the wine first my love, I guess a sip of wine won't make me tipsy. But from then on it'll be water, or coffee once Sylvia wakes up. You know, Bernd... I want to keep my mind sober..."
I delayed my reply, and kissed my smart girl lovingly till she sighed contented, "I know, my sweet love... and I countenance your decision. We can celebrate this night, YOUR night with some wine before we fall asleep in each others loving arms... if we're still able to raise the glass to our mouths, that is."
She drew a deep breath and gasped, "Jesus Christ, darling... you... what... ahem, what's your plan?" She fetched another deep breath, "...no, wait please... don't tell me... I... err, suspect it will include some more surprises, right?"
I chuckled lowly, and kissed my lovely 'victim' sweetly, "well, it depends my love... let's see how our first night starts, and how it will develop... so - I guess surprises aren't utterly ruled out..."
I got a quick peck whilst she tittered below her breath, "How come that this answer doesn't surprise me? Now then, let me enjoy the last sip for... ahem, several hours?" A stifled laugh escaped her, "...would you please hold me while I reach for the glass, my darling?"
I straightened, carefully, and whispered against her ear, "my pleasure darling, and thank you for the delighting massage my love... your sweet pussy is deliciously skilled, and I... ahem, we appreciate, very much." She giggled lowly, and my hand roamed slowly down her spine, she moaned appreciatively and arched her back slightly. My hand continued to her left hip and rested on the perfectly curved swell, "I've got you my darling, safe and sound... now straighten your arms and lean back, be careful my love... now turn at the waist - can you see the glass then?"
She turned as requested, and gasped sharply when her pussy reacted to the sudden friction caused by the turn, she clasped me hard, unconsciously to not lose her hold on my shaft. I tightened my grip on my sweetie's hip as she almost whimpered with her quivering sigh, "ohdarling... darling, I can't... ohgawd..." she pulled herself back to my chest and her arms crossed in my neck to tighten her hold, with turning back she'd created additional friction and shook wildly now, she leaned her head on my left shoulder and held on to me for dear life, short-breathed murmuring against my neck, "...darling, darling hold me... ohmygawd... darling..."
I caressed her hip, and leaned my cheek on hers, "I'm here my love, you're safe my sweet love... I'll never let you fall..."
"Ohyess my love... I know..." she whispered, bucking softly, her entire pelvis started to quiver with excitement, "...daarrlinng, ohgawd... so...sweet... ohdarling can you... can you feel... ohgawd so slow, so sweet..." more bucking, softly and her pussy pulsated, I grew rock hard and she wheezed quietly with the feel, "...ohyesss, oh God yessssssss... now... ohyesssmylove... oooaaaahhhh Berrnnd, oh my love..." she planted swift little kisses up the side of my neck, and gasped for breath as her sex clenched hard with the impact, then released, and sweet pussy resumed to pulsate in her own rhythm, what a wonderful, delighting feeling, I wished she'd never stop... my lips brushed all over my sweet baby's cheek, we held each other lovingly close, my lips roamed down her sweaty neck to persist on her pulsating carotid, my tongue caressed it, felt my girl's strong heartbeat, regular despite the still lasting series of following minors, slightly shaking her slender body every once in a while.
I relaxed and allowed my hand to caress my sweetie's flank, up to the base of her ribcage, down to the sensually curved hip and buttock, and up again till she started to moan softly once she was getting her breath back.
Clinging to each other we rested through my lovely lady's post-coital glow, enjoying our closeness, our bond of affection and the warmth of our loving embrace; and the silent, dreamily mood that encased us.
******
Renate gave a soft sigh, and shifted a bit in my lap, her right hand resumed to caress my nape, and she asked quietly, "Darling?" I 'hmm..?'ed, "...I love your lips on my carotid my love, it feels soo good, only don't forget that you're not a vampire... so behave and keep your fangs from extending, will you? And now come up please, I want to kiss you, and thank you my love."
I grinned to myself, but grumbled below my breath, "Damnit, this girl is too attentive, still... and I thought I curled not only her toes, but her brains..."
"Oh shut up, daemon..." giggled my cheeky brat, and kissed me as if there was no tomorrow.
"Uh... why..." I panted when she let go of my lips, "...daarrling... whereby have I deserved THAT, it fair stuck me speechless! ...as you sure will have noticed..."
"Speechless, huh?" she tittered under her breath.
"Well... almost..."
Her sweet lips brushed mine, and I could feel her bright smile, "now, my sweet heart... let me put it in short words, before I bore you with a time consuming lecture: Thank you for this outstanding evening, and for making me feel happier than ever before in my life." A deep, contented sigh escaped her, and she kissed me again, her lips fed me her overwhelming endearment and her deep love, and it moved me to tears. Again.
Not able to bring out one word I rubbed my cheek on hers, she tensed, and sobbed quietly, "Oh God Bernd..." she straightened and her hands came up to cup my cheeks, "...it's okay my love... even a strong man like you has to let it out at times." I felt her breaths on my lids, and she kissed the tears away that had escaped my eyes, "...that's so sweet my darling, and I love you the more." I nodded gratefully and nestled my cheek into her hand, her right had already returned to my nape.
My hand came up to where it was needed now to stroke her hair, and I cleared my throat, finally getting rid of the big lump, "Thank you for this wonderful kiss my love. You know that you opened up for me completely?"
She gave a little nod, "Yes my love, I did, and I did it on purpose. And I did it not only because you had already opened up for me, evenly complete... no, I felt the need to let you feel how much you mean to me my love; you are my man Bernd, and I am yours my love, I'm all yours. I know my love, it seems to be early, and we are not alone of course, nonetheless it feels to be just right to me, because I know with absolute certitude that Sylvia will understand... otherwise I would have held back, you know?"
"I agree Reni, and I praise your courage my love. And let me add that there's no question in my mind that Sylvia will not only understand what, and how strong we feel for each other, but will be absolutely delighted."
"Heavens help me... will I ever be able to hide something from you, my heart?" Sylvia's sleepily voice startled us, before we all collapsed in a fit of laughter.
Still chortling I let my right hand roam up towards the enticing warmth of my heavy sleeper's right mound to cup it and give it a lovingly squeeze, on the side saying to Renate, "Good lord, darling, we should have been careful not to open up all of our dark secrets... I knew that our princess is a voyeur, but I didn't expect her to eavesdrop on us. Eewww... I'm afraid now that she caught us she'll give us a hard night."
My lovely rider giggled, the louder so as Sylvia snorted snidely, "You bet...!" before she sighed softly as I began to massage her delighting mound. She shifted a bit, kissed my shoulder and I felt her left arm moving, to my delight her small hand covered the back of mine, giving it - and thus the swelling flesh beneath - a soft pressure. I straightened a bit and she sensed that I was about to give her a 'good morning' kiss, her cheek glided towards my chest, and she rested the upper back of her head on my shoulder before letting out a soft, satisfied 'mmhhh'.
I smiled to myself and bent down to my princess, my lips, on the search for hers, hit her forehead first, what was not really surprising of course, then trailed southwards through the hollow of the base of her nose and down the bridge to the tip, which I treated with a big, thick smacking kiss. She tittered below her breath, and the tip was rewarded with a generous lick, before I sighed, enfeebled from all the hard work, "Eew... I'm done." I turned my head to Renate and whispered into her ear, "Sweetie, I aborted being at her nose, next will be her lips -- I want you to take over now, please do me the favor... show our princess what a gifted kisser can do to her, okay?" She nodded silently and kissed my cheek, I added, "I'll guide your head, my love."
Meanwhile had Sylvia muttered, gruffly, "You are... WHAT...?" Using my hold on the back of Renate's head I guided it towards the given target, her left hand descended and her upper body brushed along my chest with the progress, my nose sought for Sylvia's and she got an eskimo kiss that coaxed a relieved sigh out of our princess. Knowing now exactly where her lips were I could lead Renate precisely to where a pair of lips was awaited.
I leaned back, brightly grinning, and kneaded my love's breast with rising passion, she groaned appreciatively, distracted as she was she needed a few moments to realize who's pair of lips plundered hers at present, a somewhat surprised, 'mhh...?' escaped her and her hand roamed over the back of mine to make sure that it was still my hand that caressed her tit; she gave a stifled giggle and smacked my hand lightly.
My left hand loosened its guiding grip on Renate's head and sneaked beneath her wavy hair to caress her nape, suchlike motivated she obviously deepened their kiss, judged by some smacking noises and soft, mutual moans that grew louder and louder with the seconds, the frequency 'grew' too. Gawd, was that erotic, my cock began to twitch... a gasp, most likely from Renate, mixed into the lovely concert to my sheer excitement, my cock twitched some more, and expanded to full mast, again. Her pussy clasped me hard, and her head withdrew thus breaking their kiss, leaving both my girls panting hard for air, only I knew that Renate panted for several reasons... now, that's not entirely correct... for she knew it as well, of course.
Sylvia was prettily squirming, and still gasping for air, "Geeze Reni... you're one great kisser. At first I couldn't believe that Mr. Lazy-Bone delegated it to you, but his idea was sure worth it."
I lowered my mouth to Renate's ear and whispered, "Darling? Please help our sweetie to get off, she's overheated, and needs to cum. I'm gonna hold you, and adopt the kissing, okay?" she nodded against my cheek, and I lowered my hand to the left side of her ribcage to hold her safe and steady, decided then to cup her left breast now that my hand already was so close.
Renate seemed to be fond of my bold move, "Ooh God yesss..." she wheezed, and her sex tightened with the unexpected sensation.
I lowered my head towards Sylvia till I felt the heat of her cheek on mine, and waited for Renate's left hand to touch my princess, being sure that Sylvia would announce it audibly. And she did, almost coughing, "Ooh gaawwd..." I captured her sweet lips, and my tongue sneaked in, "mmh, mmmhhhh..." she gave stifled, and I could feel her smile on my lips before her sharp little teeth tweaked the tip of my tongue. I backed away to gain some safety clearance, and Sylvia used her chance to groan, "...ooh darling, give me more..."
"Me too Bernd, don't just hold my tit - do something more... pleeaazze!" I did something more, on both handfuls, my reward was some appreciative groaning -- in stereo.
I feasted my ears on the sweet concert for some ten seconds, then I closed my index and thumb over Sylvia's erect, throbbing nipple to give it some extra attention, at first a lovingly pinch, some turning before bending it, Sylvia's breath shortened, but she brought out, "ooh sooo good darling, but I meant Reni before." she lifted her head up and sought for my lips, but only for a swift kiss before her hips started dancing, and she growled, "gawd yesss, Reni... ooaahhh yesss..." some smacking noises from below made clear that Renate's finger(s) had finally found their way into my princess' treasure box.
Renate's left tit got the same sweet treatment as Sylvia's right exemplar, and she grunted with delight, sweet pussy had been working over my shaft in earnest since I'd cupped her swelling mound, now she got really excited as well as her opening. I growled, "Gosh... too many tits around here..." both girls emanated a stifled laugh, and I smiled satisfied whist letting my pelvis dance to help Renate to put up her climax. She grunted noisily, and grinded her crotch against mine, my cock was almost overstrung with Renate's treatment and the additional sensations but I managed to hold back, wanting to wait for my sweet maiden; I bent over her and mumbled, "Darling? You are close, and I am too... but what about Sylvia?"
She turned towards me and kissed my cheek, "I'd say, half a minute... I wanted to wait for her, too darling..."
My mouth moved down to Sylvia's neck and licked up the right side to caress the sweet spot beneath her ear, her hand pressed mine harder, thus adding more pressure to her breast, she shuddered violently and started bucking whilst she yelled, "Reni... ohgawdyessss Renieeee... ooaaahhhh gaawwdd yess...", fiercely panting against my throat her head trashed around, her flowing mane brushed all over my face and she screamed out her climax, "oouuugghhhh... oooaarrggghhhhhh shit! ... OOHHHFUCK!! YESSSS!!! Ooaahhhgawwwd Renieeeee..."
Mentioned friend's hand slowed down, and she began to roar by herself, "Daaarrrlinnggg ooahh my gawd daaarlinnngggg... oouuuggghhhh NOW!! BERRRNNNNNDDDD..." sweet pussy clasped me hard and her velvety walls contracted in spasms, causing my balls to tighten and release, she felt my sudden growth and the heat, her hand raced up to join the other on my nape to hold on to me for dear life, I squeezed her swollen tit harder in search for a tighter hold, and she yelled, "gawd yessssss Berrnnnnddd, comewithme... ooaaahhh gawwdd... aaarrrrgghhhh..." when she felt the first jet hitting her cervix, she yelled once more when her climax hit her, bucked a few more times and pressed her crotch harder onto mine to feel more of me, I couldn't stop squirting whilst her cervix seemed to suck on my spitting cockhead, finally my climax subsided, too and Renate began to whimper, burying her glowing, sweaty face in the crook of my neck.
My senses reeled with wrought-up feelings and the sexual excitation still waved through my entire being... every nerve end seemed to sparkle with electric jolts while I panted like mad, and I had to force my trembling, vibrating body to come to a rest. Some minutes elapsed whilst our rapidly heaving chests attempted to catch enough air with exerted breathing, waving irritating loud through the almost complete darkness; my right hand, still covering and lazily caressing Sylvia's right breast signaled that she struggled to catch her breath again as well, 'Seems we all are in good company...' I thought to myself, striving to suppress some silly laughs. My left hand gave Renate's left breast a final, lovingly squeeze before I pulled it slowly back to caress her spine down to her butt to hold her safe whilst I slid backwards on the pouffes to lean back against the wall, before I corrected her seat in my lap to straighten her sweaty back and make her feel more comfortable. She shifted a bit, gave a few little, contented sighs and planted a series of feathery kisses all over the hollow of my neck, thereby softly and slowly rubbing her warm tits over my chest.
will be continued in 'Accident grants Benefit' Ch. 07.3: Some sultry dispersal before the visitors cum, Part 3
Author's EndNote:
Thanks for reading, please be fair and don't forget to vote :-)
This is my story, I wrote it, and stealing is lame. If you don't like it, don't read it. This story is now perfectly self-edited (bring it). All of my characters, in all of my stories, are over eighteen, or older any time they get naked and/or have intercourse.
Thanks for all the favorites and feedback, hope you enjoy my art of writing.
Your comments might be helpful, so don't hesitate.
Copyright © 2013 Bernd Glaesing. All rights reserved.