Saturday
I was lying on the beach. The hot sun caressed my body and the noise of the sea lulled me into a light sleep. The breeze of the wind brought me your scent, first, only then the sound of your steps on the sand. You walked past and looked at me, while I squinted my eyes to appreciate you. You followed your path that took you to my side, about 10 meters away. You put down your towel and tote bag, admired the landscape and the location and sat down on the floor to take off your sneakers and spread the towel.
You took off the t-shirt and finally the skirt. You corrected the position of your bikini, took the suntan lotion and spread it on your body, leaving the light aroma of coconut and carrots in the air. You went to the sea to wash your hands and came back slowly, looking alternately at the beach and at me. Finally, reaching your towel, you lay down on your stomach and, in a simple gesture, you lowered the bikini straps first and then unfastened the fine strands that encircled your back so that they remained immaculately devoid of any tan lines.
Time passed and I fell asleep in the softness of the day and the breeze of the wind, lulled by the noise of the sea and warmed by the sun that tanned me, to wake up to a low-flying seagull screeching, almost hovering over me.
That's when I looked at you. There, lying on the towel, you lay out in the sun, tanning your beautiful breasts, perhaps for the first time, such was their whiteness compared to the rest of the skin on your lap and belly. The bikini top was resting on the towel, right next to you, and you had your eyes closed, focused on absorbing all the sun's rays that hit your body. For a moment you opened your brown eyes and your gaze crossed with mine, which admired the beauty you radiated.
You smiled shyly, almost apologizing for being there topless, for the whiteness of your breasts in my sight. I saw you have a slight chill, maybe from cold, maybe from shame, your hand approached the top, you took it and brought it closer to your breasts, trying to adjust it to cover the nipples that were then erect over round breasts. Looking again at me and seeing on my face the sadness stamped by such beauty being covered, you smiled and blushed slightly again, adjusting the bikini top again until it covered only a tiny part of your white breasts, the nipples.
So you stayed in that position, again with your eyes closed, until the nature acted and left your nipple by the force of the breeze within sight of my delighted eyes. Perhaps sensing the difference between a nipple that was uncovered and caressed by the sun and the other that was stubbornly covered, you opened your eyes to see yourself and putting your eyes in my eyes, you removed the top from your body again, keeping yourself topless there, less than ten steps from me.
Later you turned your back up again and throughout the morning you just put your top back on to go to the cold ocean waters and dive, removing it again as soon as you snuggled in your towel. When it's lunchtime, you got dressed again, picked up your towel and always smiling while you looked at me, you went by and went to lunch far from my sad eyes that thought they'd never be able to look at you again.
In the afternoon, I rejuvenated when I saw you approaching again. Your morning spot was now occupied by a middle-aged couple and twisting your head slightly as you pass me, as if to say "bad luck!", you lay down nearby but didn't go topless anymore, even though you unfastened the top when your back was in the sun.
Sunday
I went back to the same sands on that beach hoping to find you again, to travel my eyes over your bare skin, tanned by the sun almost entirely. The eagerness to see you again did not let me fall asleep, despite the same breeze sweeping the sands and the same soft noise of the ocean waves echoing lightly on the rocks that closed the beach from the view of the rest of the world.
It took a while, but you came, walking slowly, looking at the sea and people on the beach. Were you looking for me? From the smile you made when you found yourself near me, I could have sworn yes. And, in fact, as slowly as you arrived, you followed eight more steps, which I counted, until you stopped and put your towel and bag on the floor to stay in that place.
My eyes were shining, maybe from the sun that was shining with all the brightness at that moment, maybe because I was seeing you there beside me. You spread out the towel and then sat down on it. In your bag you looked for something, which I soon realized was the top of the bikini, which you landed right next to you. I thought you were coming without him dressed, but when I saw you take off the shirt you were wearing I realized that you still had your bra on. Turning your head towards me, a little flushed but with a soft smile plastered on your full lips, you unfastened your bra and gently let it fall until your beautiful breasts were bare before the world, the sun and my eyes. Without ever accelerating the pace, you unfastened your sandals and then your skirt, leaving you to stay that way for a few moments before searching the bag for the suntan lotion that you started to spread over your body, paying special attention to your breasts, which remained much whiter than the rest of the tone of the body.
Perhaps because I thought I was invading your privacy, I chose to turn a little to the side to read the book I was carrying and I seemed to have heard, right away, a noise on your towel, which I confirmed at a glance having seen you with your back to the sun and your beautiful breasts crushed against the towel.
After some time, already tired from the position I was in, I turned back towards you and saw you still with your back to the sun but with your face looking at me. It didn't even take a minute for you to stand up and let me get a glimpse of your breasts, despite your nipples still touching the towel, while you were reading a magazine you were carrying with you.
Finally, putting down the magazine and picking up your top, you put it on and got up to head out to sea, waving your buttocks a little more exaggeratedly than usual.
When you returned, wet by the icy ocean waters, your nipples were well erect under the bikini that was already loose when you removed it again next to your towel and stretched it out to dry next to you, letting you now lie down with the beautiful breasts stretched gloriously in the sun for warmth and tan. You stayed like this for over an hour - and so did I! I was supposed to be reading the book, but I couldn't even read a page in front of the beautiful scene you represented before me. Finally, it was lunchtime, perhaps driven by hunger, you got up and put on your shirt back and, contrary to what I expected it (to pack up and leave as you had done the previous day), you approached me and in a soft voice and asked me if I was going to stay there during lunchtime and in that case if I'd keep an eye on your things... and the place! Of course, still open-mouthed at the surprise of the situation, I agreed -- in fact, even if I was thinking about leaving, I don't think I could leave anymore -- and counted every minute until you got back after lunch, 84 minutes in all, then having the happiness of knowing that your name was Mariana, 21 years old, and that you lived nearby but that you would rather come to this quieter beach where you could even go topless without being disturbed.
We talked for a few more minutes and you ended up saying that this year, for the first time, you were going topless and that it was the first time you were doing it alone, as you had started doing it at the beginning of the summer with a friend from college who came to spend a few days in your home and that convinced you to do it for the first time.
Finally thanked me and again went to your towel having removed the shirt again and leaving your breasts in view, thus sitting in the sun while you leafed through the magazine again.
Except for the brief moments when you went to bathe in the sea, all afternoon you stayed topless, proudly facing forward and exposed to the sun, with a reddish color at the end of the day making your breasts even more attractive.
Finally, you took your clothes to dress you, rolled up the towel and as you passed by you thanked me and said "see you next week" with such intensity in your voice that it left me desperate because the work week hadn't passed yet. All I want is to be Saturday, already, again.