Continued from chapter 2. I know it's been a long time since the first two chapters and I apologize for that. In order to understand what brought Crissy and I to this point, you should really read chapters 1 & 2 of this series.
I got into the office at 7:15 AM and took care of things in less than 10 minutes. I was able to escape and be back in my car before anyone even knew I was there. I stopped by the grocery store and picked up what we needed for breakfast and was back at the house by 8:15. I tried to be quiet so Crissy wouldn't wake up.
I peeked into the bedroom to see that Crissy was still nestled in the bed, curled up in a ball under the covers. It was kind of sweet seeing her like that and I recalled all the times I had seen her sleep the same way – granted she hadn't been in my bed, but it brought a deep sigh to me seeing her so lying there so serene.
Making my way into the kitchen, I whipped up some bacon and eggs and set them in the oven to keep warm while I went to wake Crissy up. Arriving in the bedroom, I sat on the bed and watched her sleep. Looking down on the floor, I saw the shirt she was wearing when I left. Realizing she must now be naked under the covers, I smiled to myself knowing I might have another chance to see her tender body again. My cock began to grow at the thought of her nakedness rubbing against my sheets.
I shook her arm saying, "Crissy... Crissy... time for breakfast."
When she didn't wake up, my hand unconsciously moved to the sheet covering her and I pulled it down to her waist. I don't even know what I was thinking as I did it, but, once the sheet was down, I found myself taking in the beauty of her tiny breasts, watching them slightly rise and fall as she took each breath. I'm not sure how long I stared at her dainty breasts, but, when I finally pulled my stare away from her pristine nipples, I glanced up to her face to find her looking at me, smiling. FUCK! Busted again.
"I'm sorry, Kissy," I said, "I, uh, don't know what to say... I was trying to wake you up for breakfast..."
"Daddy, it's okay. Really, I don't mind at all. They're small, huh?"
She rolled over on her back and let me look at her. Her breasts flattened out and lying as she was, there was almost nothing to them, just a small mound where her nipples sat upon. She reached up to cup them, squeezing her flesh between her fingers and causing the nipples to rise up. I could have easily pulled my cock out and masturbated myself right then and there, squirting my cum all over her, but, after all, she was my daughter – even though she was naked and letting me look at her.
"Honey," I said, "they are beautiful and, oh, so perfect. If I could, I would love to look at them all day."
I can't believe I said that and blushed profusely. Snapping myself back to reality, I added, "Come on now, it's time to eat. We have a lot of things to do today and a lot of shopping to get done. We have to get you a bed and some furniture and some clothes. Come on... the day is wasting away."
I got up to walk out of the room as she sat up. Her tiny breasts, now showing their form, caught my eye again. She raised her hands to cover them and said, "Stop it. You're embarrassing me." I got a little chuckle out of hearing her say that, knowing damn well that both of us had used the same line already several times in the last 24 hours. I look one last look at her breasts, smiled and then walked back into the kitchen.
She appeared in the kitchen doorway a few minutes later in a pair of panties and the t-shirt which had been lying on the floor. As she stood across the kitchen from me, I could see a crease in her panties, as if she had run her finger between her pussy lips and then left the material of her panties bunched up between her labia just for my benefit. The material was stretched across her mound in the most alluring fashion, puffing out to show off her sex, and I took in the sight much longer than I should have. "Oh, that's a cute outfit," I said jokingly. She walked to me, put her arms around me and hugged me asking, "Daddy, when did you learn how to cook? I smell bacon."
"Kissy, you would be surprised," I said, "I'm actually a pretty good cook, or, at least I think I am. I guess you'll find out, huh?"
She sat down and I dished up the eggs, bacon, toast and juice and sat the plates down on the table. This was the exact same table I had squirted my cum all over when I sniffed her panties and jacked off last night. Her arms were even touching the part of the table where my sperm was smeared. I started to panic for an instant, wondering if I had cleaned the table well enough, or if she could see traces of my sperm in front of her.
We ate our breakfast and chatted about her Mom, Chad, and all the things we had to do today. "Daddy," she said, "can we talk about the furniture thing?"
"Sure," I answered, "do you have something in mind that you want?"
"Well, sort of...," she said, "do you have an open mind this morning?" I nodded as I sipped my juice and ate my breakfast.
"So," she said, "I was thinking we could save the expense and the trouble of shopping and I could just sleep in your bed."
I almost gagged on my eggs as she said it.
"Kissy, do you have any idea what you're saying?" I asked.
"Sure," she replied, "we slept together last night, didn't we?"
"Come on, Kissy," I answered, "you know you were pretty drunk when I put you in my bed and if you wouldn't have pushed me to sleep there, I would have crashed on the couch, or something."
"Daddy," she said, "it's no big deal, really. And besides, it was really nice to be close to you and, well, it just felt... you know... it just felt good."
"Kissy, you need your own room, with your own bed and with your own stuff. A girl needs her private space..."
"Daddy, I don't want a private space," she said.
"Look," I said, "let's talk about it later and I'll think about it." She smiled and looked at me like she knew she had won the argument. In my mind, I started to think about her being in my bed daily and what that would mean. My cock had already voted, raising itself to be counted and throbbing 'YES'.
We finished our breakfast and as I started to clear the dishes from the table, she stood to gather up some things and together, we had everything picked up fairly quickly. "Come on," she said, "let's finish our coffee on the couch."
Grabbing my hand, she pulled me into the living room and we sat down on the couch. She sat down a foot or two away, then she turned toward me, cocking one leg up, leaving me a fantastic view of her panty covered crotch completely open. Her mound, which I could clearly make out, was plainly visible underneath the thin panties.
The way she sat left no question in my mind that she was allowing my stare and even if she wasn't inviting me to look, I couldn't have looked away. Just the sight of her sitting there with her legs so vividly open was pushing me to a point where I was going to forget she was my daughter. Instead, she was a cute young woman treating me to a glimpse of heaven.
"Daddy," she began, "please don't make me sleep by myself. I promise I won't be any trouble..."
I heard her speak, but, my mind was still locked into the sight of her crotch. It's hard to describe, but, the faint outline of her lips pushing against the material were almost more than I could deal with. Just knowing her tender pussy was within arms reach created a vacuum in my brain and no other thoughts were registering.
"Daddy?" she said, closing her legs. As I looked up at her she asked, "Did you even hear what I said?"
"No, Kissy," I answered, "I'm sorry, what were you saying?" I didn't even bother to apologize for staring this time
"Come on, Daddy," she said, "there's no reason why we can't sleep in the same bed and you know it... I felt so warm and cared for last night next to you. Plus, I really have no one now – except you, and I think I'm all you have, too. There's no reason to make a big deal of this."
I tried to explain to her that I was her Dad and just having her with me was going to be awesome enough as it was, but as I spoke, she opened her legs up again and my eyes were immediately drawn down to her crotch and I resumed my zombie-like stare, completely forgetting what I was saying. I happened to look up at her to see her just sitting there with her legs lewdly open, looking back at me.
"Oh, shit," I said, "I'm sorry. Damn! I didn't mean to..."
"Oh, Daddy, you're such a bullshitter. Why are you trying to make excuses for looking at me? I don't mind, in fact, I kinda like it – it's the first time someone I really cared for has paid any attention to me as woman. It makes me feel desirable, it's flattering and I take it as a compliment."
I began to reflect back on the whole Chad situation, and I could understand her point of view. She had been rejected by her mother and by her so-called boyfriend. I started to speak, but, she interrupted me saying "I'm not a little girl anymore, you know? We're not really blood relatives and neither of us are with anyone..."
So, there it was. The innuendo was lying there as thick as dense fog. I understood what she was alluding to, and surprisingly enough, I was beginning to be okay with it. In fact, I was more than okay with it – I wanted it. I was lusting after her. I wanted her. My mind started to race through all the possibilities and it led to one destination... I would end up fucking her and most likely, enjoying the hell out of it.
Sensing my state, Crissy got up, swung herself over and sat in my lap like she used to do when she was a kid, snuggling into my chest and wiggling her butt down in my lap. Only now, she wasn't a kid and the wiggle of her bottom pressing down on my cock was more like foreplay. I knew damn well she could feel it through her thin panties, but, I did nothing to stop her.
She put her arms around my neck, laid her head down my shoulder and I heard her sigh. As she laid there, I put my arms around her and held her, rubbing her back up and down as if I was consoling her. After a minute or two, she said "I need someone to love me and care about me as a woman, Daddy, I've never had that. You need the same thing, too, don't you?"
"Yes," I answered, "that would be nice."
"We can have each other," she said, "I've never, you know, gone all the way, 'er, had sex with a man, and you could be my first..."
She reached for my hand and brought it to her chest between her breasts, and holding it there, raised her head and looked me straight in the eye and said "can we just try it? Sleeping together?"
Sometimes fate takes a hold of you and makes you do things that you don't expect. I didn't expect or plan to move my hand to feel her breast at that instant, but I did. Before I knew it, her head was back on my shoulder and I was feeling her up, her hand guiding mine gently from one breast to the other.
I gently tweaked a nipple and I heard her breathe deeply and press my hand into her breast harder. "Ooooooohhhhhhhh," she moaned, "does that mean 'yes'?", she asked.
"Sure, Kissy, that means yes," I said, "we can sleep together." I didn't have to answer her implied question about having sex with her. Right now, I was so consumed with the feelings between us that it didn't even matter and I'm sure we both knew where this was heading.
"So, tell me," I asked, "what kind of experience do you have? I mean sexually speaking – what have you done?" There was a long silence between us and my hands were moving from breast to breast, feeling her and cupping the tiny orbs and touching her nipples. While I waited for her answer, I moved my hand to the bottom of her shirt and reached under it to find her breast again. As I touched her bare flesh, I felt her shudder and press herself against my hand.
"Tell me the truth, Kissy, will you do that," I asked, "will you tell me everything?"
"Uh huh," she said, "I will."
"Okay, so let's start out like this," I said, "I want you to tell me the truth now, okay? How many guys have touched your breasts?"
"Three, Daddy," she said, "No, make that four now with you, and uh, one girl."
"Who were they?"
"The first one was Doctor Ross. He's never touched them like this though... "
Ross was the family doctor, actually Jim Ross was his name. Our insurance makes us have a primary care physician and we've always had Dr. Ross. He's an older guy – good doctor, too. I bet he loved seeing and touching Crissy's breasts. A twinge of jealously momentarily streaked through me, but, I forgot about it as she continued speaking.
"Then, the next one was my friend, Beth. Do you remember her, Daddy?" She asked.
"Uh-huh," I said, "you're still friends with her, right?"
"Yeah," she answered, "she's my best friend, Daddy. We do almost everything together."
"So, when and how did all this happen?" I asked.
"It started about a year ago, it was the weekend after her 18th birthday, and we were going to spend all weekend together. She was staying over with me and we were getting ready for bed. She kept complaining that her boobs were sore from her period and I finally asked her if she needed them massaged, or something. I was just kidding, but, when she said yes and took off her top and came over to me, I didn't know what to do other than start massaging them for her. Then, she wanted to massage mine – what there is of them. By the end of the night, we were touching each other all over and kissing and, you know, other things."
I was a little shocked, but, Crissy didn't seem to be embarrassed to talk about it, and I was really curious, so I asked her "Like what, tell me what you did with her. It's okay, just tell me everything."
"You have to promise you won't say anything, Daddy." She asked, "she's my best friend and I don't want her to feel weird around you, okay?"
"I'll never say a word or do anything to make you or her uncomfortable, Honey," I answered, "you have my word on that."
"Well, she's been like my girlfriend, I guess. We hug and kiss, you know, and touch each other, you know, down there." She said.
"You mean her vagina? You've touched her vagina?" I asked.
"Uh-huh," she answered, "we've looked, touched and kissed each other there, too."
"She's touched you here?" I asked, reaching down and placing my hand on the front of her panties. As I did, she moved her legs apart and I slipped my hand down between her legs and placed my fingers right in the middle of the gusset of her panties. Very gently, I pressed my fingers in, found her slit and started to slowly rub her up and down on top of her panties.
She threw her head back onto my shoulder and gasped as I rubbed her sex. I could feel the warmth and moistness under her panties. As she spread her legs even wider, I looked down to watch my fingers as they found a deeper path into her slit and I started to rub with more pressure.
"Daddy, I've been waiting for you to touch me there for so long..." she moaned.
She buried her head in my neck and started to nuzzle me. I could feel the warmth of her breath down my neck and I started to get goose bumps. Pressing in between her pussy lips, I asked my question again, saying "Has she touched you here? Did she lick and kiss your little vagina?"
"Yes." She moaned.
"Did she put her fingers inside you?" I asked.
"Uh-huh, as far as she could," she answered, "I told you I was a virgin, Daddy."
"You mean you still have your cherry?" I asked.
"Uh-huh," she said, "but, not for long, I hope." Turning her head, she kissed me. There was some urgency in her mouth as she covered mine and slipped her tongue between my lips and eventually sucking my tongue into her mouth. "Daddy," she said, "I want you to be my first. I'm ready and I've been ready for a long time. I want you to take my cherry, Daddy. I've dreamed about it being slow and wonderful. You can have it anytime you want it, it's yours."
"Oh, Kissy," I said, "I will, Honey, I will." Once I said that, she stood up, reached for my hand, pulled me up and led me back to my bedroom. She pulled her shirt off, leaving her panties in place and pulled me down on the bed with her. As I lay next to her, I began to feel and kiss her tiny breasts. As I did, I asked her to finish telling me about Beth.
She told me that she and Beth were lovers and how they would give each other oral sex and how they would masturbate each other. Since Crissy was a virgin, Beth never tried to put anything inside Crissy's pussy, but they had done everything else two girls can do together.
She was lying on her back with her legs spread. I was still feeling, licking and kissing all over her chest, moving on and off her breasts, pinching and pulling her nipples - never leaving her untouched. I never looked up at her, but as I reached down with one hand to stroke her panty covered pussy, I asked her to tell me who else had touched her breasts.
"Then," she said, "Next was two guys at a party over the spring break at Beth's house – both on the same night. Everyone else was gone except these two along with Beth and I. They started asking us if we wanted to play strip poker, the kissing game, truth or dare – you know, stuff like that. Finally Beth told them we would get naked if they did first. I almost died when she said it. But, the next thing I knew, the boys were getting undressed and when they were naked, Beth looked at me and shrugged her shoulders."
She went on to tell me that Beth started to strip, so she did, too. They boy's cocks got hard and Beth asked them to play with themselves. Pretty soon, all four of them were sitting on the floor watching each other masturbate. As she told me this story, I was sucking her puffy nipples and fingering her pussy through her panties. I could feel the slippery wetness of her vaginal secretions on the outside of her panties and I knew she was literally soaking through her panties. I could smell the aroma of her virgin pussy, too. The sweet musky smell was driving me crazy.
"Did you see the boys cum?" I asked.
She spread her legs more and hunched herself down on my fingers. She was starting to breathe heavy and I could see the start of a red blush coming upon her chest. "Oh, that feels so good, Daddy," she said, "Ooooohhhhhhh."
"Finish telling me about what you did with those boys, Honey," I said, "you just relax and tell me everything. I'll keep touching you. If you feel like you want to cum, just go ahead and let it go... Daddy's here."
I knew she was building toward an orgasm. It was pretty obvious with the sexual blush taking over her chest and the way she was moving her hips under my touch, I knew it was just a matter of time. I kept stroking her pussy through her panties with one hand while I kissed and sucked her little titties.
"Hmm, well," she continued, "we were all lying on the floor in kind of a circle, watching each other. One of the boys said that he was going to cum so all of us watched him. It was so cool to see the sperm shoot out of him. It was like a fountain and spewed all over his chest. Then Beth said she was going to cum and we all watched her. She pulled her knees way up to her chest and spread her legs wide so we could see. When she came, she squirted a little bit..."
"Oh, Daddy!" She moaned, "Oh, oh, oh..."
Her story has exciting both of us. I could tell by the way she was saying things and the way she was breathing that she was starting to go over the edge. I had finally found her clitoris beneath her panties and I was starting to concentrate on it, rubbing it up and down. The gusset of her panties had long since given way to my probing fingers and there was now a very wet panty groove shoved in between her lips. As my fingers traveled up and down that groove, I carried her wetness up to her clit where I concentrated for a minute and then moved back down to the opening of her vagina.
Finally, her legs went stiff and she put her hand down on top of mine. I thought she was going to stop my touch, but, she just held her hand there, barely touching mine. She threw her head from side to side and let out a deep gasp. She was cuming – my baby girl was cuming under my touch. I hadn't even touched her pussy directly, all I had done was rub her on top of her panties. I knew I would have to make these panties mine now.
After writhing in the ecstasy of her climax, she finally stopped my hand and tried to catch her breath, saying "Daddy, please stop for a minute – it's starting to tickle."
I pulled my hand away and brought my fingers to my nose to smell her wetness. Unable to avoid it, I slipped my fingers into my mouth to taste her. The juice felt thick and heavy, but it was also fresh and sweet, too. 'So this is what a virgin tastes like', I thought.
As she caught her breath, she looked over to me saying "That's the strongest one I've ever had - I feel like I'm drenched down there now. That was great, Daddy. Thank you." And, the crotch of her panties were drenched - she was sopping wet.
I let her rest for a minute while I gently played with her nipples and rubbed her chest. I moved my hand to completely grasp one of her breasts and I squeezed. "Oooohhhh" she moaned and turned to kiss me deeply again. I broke off the kiss, telling her I wanted her to finish telling me about what happened with Beth, the boys and her.
"Daddy, do you want to, uh, get more comfortable? Can I see your cock again?" she asked.
Without offering an answer, I kissed her cheek and stood up from the bed and took my shirt off. When I started to remove my pants, she lifted her hips from the bed and started to reach for the waistband of her panties to pull them off. "No," I told her, "Not yet. Leave them on a while longer. You just look so cute like that and I want to touch you a little more with your panties on, okay?"
She gave me that little girl smile, and a cute nod, then she watched as I dropped my jeans and my underwear. My hard cock was pointing to the ceiling, like some kind of missile waiting for lift off. I flexed my muscles there and made it move up and down. "It likes you" I said.
I moved onto the bed on my knees and scooted up next to her. She reached out and placed her little hand around my cock. I felt her grasp me tightly and then start to move her hand up and down. "Is this the first hard cock you've touched?" I asked.
She nodded that it was. I let her feel me for a while and then lay down next to her. Her hand stayed on my cock. "Daddy," she asked, "are you going to let me make you cum, too?"
"Not yet, Kissy," I said, "I want you to finish telling me all about your sex life, then you can make me cum. I want you to tell me everything you've done, what turns you on and what you fantasize about."
Still touching my cock, she asked "Okay, where was I?"
"You were saying Beth had just cum, I think." I replied. "Don't leave anything out, Honey. Daddy needs to hear it all."
"Okay, Daddy," she said, "I'm going to tell you everything, I promise."
She began her story again, saying that the other boy came shortly after Beth and describing in detail how he sat up when he came and how his cum shot up in the air and landed all over his hands and cock. Apparently, Beth went over to him and played with his cum, tracing the globs with her fingers and swirling it into little pools all over the young man.
She said she was feeling self-conscious because she was the only one that hadn't cum. Beth told the boys that she was a virgin – not only that, but, a 'real virgin' with a cherry.
"Daddy," she said, "both of the boys asked if they could look at my pussy, you know, real close. Beth told them it was alright and they moved between my legs and bent down. Beth told me to open myself up so they could see. I was so embarrassed, Daddy, but, I did it. They all leaned in, including Beth, to within a foot of my pussy. One of the boys said he could see my cherry. I looked at Beth, who looked at me and nodded her head. The first boy's dick was hard again and he started to stroke it while he looked at my pussy."
As she was telling her story, she pulled her knees up to her chest and placed both hands in between her legs and started to touch herself on top of her panties, finding the same groove I had made earlier.
"I pulled my legs up like this," she said, "and started to touch myself while they watched. I got so turned on letting them watch me touch myself, Daddy. I was really really wet, too. Beth told me to make myself cum. The boys were talking about how wet I was and that my pussy looked so small and tight. I kept touching my clit and letting my finger go in between my lips. They were all looking at me and when I saw the other boy's cock has hard again, too... that's when I came. I held my legs wide open for them to see me, and I pulled my lips apart so they could see inside, too"
She told me they all watched in wonder as she came, exposing her virgin sex to their view.
I asked her what she liked most about doing all of that with the boys and I just knew she was going to say watching them masturbate, but, her answer surprised me.
"More than anything?" she said, "I think it was when they looked at me. That's what made me cum, Daddy, when I knew they were looking at my pussy and seeing me all exposed like that. I couldn't control myself - I wanted them to look, I think."
"And they touched your breasts, too? I asked.
"Uh-huh," she told me, "I was laying there, resting and trying to catch my breath, when the rest of them started to get dressed, even Beth. They were all completely dressed before I knew it and when I got up to get my clothes on, one of the boys asked if they could feel my little boobies. Since I was still naked, I just stood there and let them. They took turns feeling me up for about 5 minutes each. I was still the only one naked and they were all looking at me. It really started to turn me on again."
"The boys had to get home right away," she said, "so after they each had their chance to feel my boobs, they took off. After they left, Beth came over to me and started to touch my pussy, telling me how hot she had gotten when she was masturbating in front of them."
"Beth told me she really enjoyed being naked," she said, "and then asked me if I saw the way the boys were staring at my pussy."
Crissy told Beth that she enjoyed that part of it most of all, teasing them and letting them look at her. Beth even said that they should go out sometime with skirts on and no panties underneath and see if they can find someone to flash.
"So," I asked, "have you done that – flashed anyone."
"Uh-huh, I guess so." She said meekly.
"Hmm, so, you're a flasher, huh? Did you have panties on when you did it?" I asked.
"You promise you won't get mad if I tell the truth, Daddy?" she asked.
"No, Kissy," I said, "I'm not going to get mad. Tell me what you've done."
"I guess we've done a lot of flashing, Daddy." She confessed. "We go to the mall just about every Saturday. Sometimes we go to a fast food place – anywhere there might be a cute guy."
"Do you wear panties when you do this?" I asked.
"Sometimes we do," she said, "if one of us has our period, then we do for sure."
"But, sometimes you don't wear panties?" I asked.
"Uh-huh." She answered, nodding her head yes.
"And, do you let people see your pussies?" I asked.
"Uh-huh." She answered, nodding her head again.
"Have you let someone see you guys completely naked doing this?" I then asked.
Again, she nodded and told me that they did. For example, sometimes, they would go into a store and pretend to shop for clothes. Crissy would go into the dressing room and completely undress. Then Beth would find clothes for her to try on and bring them to the dressing room. Beth would open the door wide while Crissy was naked inside the small dressing room. They had to learn how to plan their timing so Beth would open the door at the right time for some guy walking by, or, waiting for someone else could see.
Other times, they would go into a shoe store and pretend to shop for shoes and let the salesman look up their skirts. There was one shoe store that had a cute guy working there almost every Saturday. They would go in together and he would always help them. They never bought anything, but the guy was always eager to help. 'No shit' I thought.
Then she told me how they always started or ended their Saturday mall trips at one of the local fast food places. They would find a seat across from a cute guy or a group of guys and casually open their legs, letting them look. They would sit and talk for 30 or 40 minutes letting them look and drool.
But, what they really liked was going to the 'Wet Days' store. They only sold swimming stuff there – swim suits, wet suits, diving gear – anything to do with swimming. The dressing rooms were all against one wall. They were small and lined with mirrors. The doors opened out into the store, so with some practice, they learned how to expose each other like pros. They both even masturbated a few times while someone watched them. There was one sales guy who was there late on Saturday, sometimes by himself when it was close to closing time. More than once, they went in there, got naked and let him peek in the door while they played with their pussies for him.
They were never caught doing any of this. I'm sure no guy in his right mind would complain about two cute girls showing off like this.
"Crissy," I said, "do you know how dangerous that kind of thing is? If you would have been caught by security or done it in front of the wrong person, you could have been arrested or stalked, maybe even attacked!"
"Daddy, we're always very very careful." She said, "and we've never had a problem."
With a very stern and serious face, I told her she shouldn't do it any more, then after a short pause, I smiled and added "Not without me there, anyways."
"Oh, Daddy, that would be great!" She said. "Can Beth come, too?"
"Maybe," I answered, "let's see how this works a few times and see how it goes first."
I could sense the excitement in her voice as she told me how it made her feel when she was seen naked by someone, and how sexy she felt doing it and how horny she was after exposing herself. She was almost giddy. She told me she and Beth always ended their fun time in each others arms, making each other cum and fantasizing about what they had done and what they were going to do the next time. When she finished I made her promise not to go out with Beth anymore until I was comfortable with it. Finally, under some pressure, I agreed to take her out on Saturday so she could show me what she does and how she does it.
While she was telling me all of this, my cock strained. I would touch her pussy through her panties and she would touch or stroke my cock. I even stroked myself a few times, too. There was some pre-cum starting to leak from my cock and she was very interested in it. I told her that it was really my own lubrication, much like hers, getting me ready to have sex, or at least ejaculate.
Rubbing her finger on the top of my cock to pick up some of the pre-cum, and then moving it to her lips, she said "It tastes kind of sweet."
"It's not sperm, Kissy," I said, "Sperm tastes different."
"How do you know what sperm tastes like, Daddy?" she asked. Before I could answer, she smiled and said "I'm just kidding, you don't have to answer that."
I felt relieved that she let me off the hook not knowing how I would explain myself. The truth being that her Mother used to suck me off and then kiss me, something I initially disliked, but finally grew to enjoy before our divorce.
"Well, maybe we can save that conversation for another time, Honey." I said, "I can't believe I'm even saying this, but, there's certain things your Mom and I used to do that would explain how I know that."
Again, her warm lips pressed to mine and we kissed and hugged for a long time. When we broke the kiss, I asked her who else had seen her breasts, pussy or completely naked.
"I've let some of the guys at school have a peek or two," she said, "but I always made it seem like it was an accident and I never let on that I knew."
"Anyone else?" I asked.
"Beth's Dad, I guess." She replied.
"Beth's Dad?" I asked in a surprised voice.
"Well," she said, "Beth has a swimming pool so whenever I go over there, we always leave the door to her room open a little while we change in and out of our swimming suits. We both like teasing him and we can always tell when he's there watching us. He's harmless, Daddy, and he's never seen us do anything except change our clothes, so, don't worry about that."
"Okay, but, when Beth comes over here, do I get to see her naked?" I asked.
"Oh, she'll like that, I'm sure." She said.
"So, anything else you need to tell me about your sex life or things you've done?" I asked.
She answered "No, but, do you think I'm a total nasty slut now, Daddy?"
"Of course not, Kissy. But, from now on, I don't want you to do any of that without me. I promise I'll give you all the attention you need and I'll make it interesting, exciting and maybe, if you're good... I'll even surprise you with something especially outlandish from time to time. Agreed?"
"Oh, yes!" She screamed.
As she stroked my cock, I thought about what it was going to be like living with my exhibitionist daughter. How far would she go? How far would I go?
...continued in Chapter 4