Party time...
"There's an 'entrance fee,' for a party...how much?" asked Jennifer to her husband Alex...
The thought of a saucy night of fun and games with absolutely no strings attached was a devilishly attractive proposition to Jennifer. She loved flirting and teasing, she was crazy about her husband Alex but she really enjoyed the feeling of being attractive and desirable to all men. She liked being the centre of attention, in a skimpy bikini on the beach or at a barbeque. She tingled when she knew a handsome man was watching her on the dance floor, thrilled that his hungry eyes followed her every move. She liked tormenting her faithful husband, with taunts of 'oh are you jealous Alex, I can't help it if other men find your sexy wife attractive and desirable...'
Jennifer had a desperate urge to be wanted, to be lusted after, her curves longed for with aching arousal by handsome young men. She'd turn them down of course, she thought with a guilty glance at Alex. Though wouldn't it be wonderful to unleash her power of attraction, with no holds barred. 'I bet I can attract any man I want, when the shackles are off,' she thought with a wicked smile...but just for a bit of fun of course.' She had no burning desire to go any further...'unless, there were no strings attached...and then...well, we'll see...' she giggled...
"One hundred dabs, each, no less, must be some party and anyway, we haven't been asked to go Jennifer, it's 'strictly' by invite only remember?"
"Oh I know Alex and I got really excited about this party too, when Sylvia told me the entertainment will be provided by 'Dangerous Dave and Emelda,' and everyone's going Alex."
By 'everyone' Jennifer meant Sylvia and her husband Michael, they were best friends and the two couples loved double dating. They'd all just come back from a vacation together and Jennifer was desperate to wear her sexy 'party outfit' to show off her lovely bronzed tan.
Jennifer and Alex had bumped into a couple they knew from college and they'd told them all about Dangerous Dave and his partner Emelda, over a long boozy lunch. They'd been to see their show, a kind of burlesque affair with Dangerous Dave and his 'gorgeous play toy' Emelda the star billing. They'd performed an erotic spanking scene, that was breath taking and left the audience enthralled.
Only their friends Sylvia and Michael had received an invitation to the mysterious party, in the mansion on Corry Heights. They'd all lived within sight of the big house on the hill for years but had never been there. It was a formidable looking building, almost gothic in appearance and the source of many a local myth and legend.
"I'm sorry Jennifer, there's nothing I can do about this and anyway it all sounds more than a little odd to me. Michael showed me the list of instructions today on the golf course, talk about jumping through fiery hoops. They have to agree to all their terms and sign a non disclosure contract and return it with the admission fee, I bet it's a con. I wouldn't be surprised if they get burgled, or worse, when they're at this silly soiree, while we're safely tucked up in our own bed."
Alex's argument wasn't really convincing Jennifer and she could have cried when he mentioned that they'd be in bed and fast asleep while Michael and Sylvia were having the time of their lives. That may not have been his exact words but she was now absolutely determined to get them to that party, at all costs...Jennifer called round to Sylvia and between them they hatched a cunning plan...
"Oh Jennifer, you're not going to let this go are you," groaned Alex, resigned to his fate. "Not until you get us into this ridiculous party...and it doesn't matter what I say, does it? ...no of course it doesn't, OK then tell me what my devious little wife has been scheming..."
Jennifer told him and Alex had to admit, it seemed like a solid enough plan, a little bit risky but who knows, it might even work, he thought with a tingly thrill. The way their friends had described 'Emelda,' had intrigued him and he wondered if she'd live up to her star billing. He liked a bit of slap and tickle and he loved giving Jennifer a sexy little spanking. She wasn't always as keen as Alex to have her bottom spanked but when she let herself go, it was so arousing and the love making afterwards was exciting and intense.
The plan hinged on the 'golden ticket' invitation being handed back to Sylvia and Michael, when they entered the mansion to join the party. Sylvia would retire to the ladies and pass the invitation out to the lurking Jennifer and Alex. If the luxuriously gold embossed invite was retained at the door, or ripped in half or stamped, then Sylvia would give them a 'thumbs down' and the plan would be scuppered.
That was the weak link but everything else was working in Jennifer's favour. They knew what the list of requirements were and could meet them easily enough. Only a ticket holder could possibly know all the rules, so once inside everyone would naturally assume they'd been invited too.
No, personal items, were allowed, phones, watches, jewellery, handbags and makeup, were expressly forbidden. No one could mention any names, including their partners and masks were to be worn at all times. This last stipulation really excited Jennifer, it was such a sexy turn on. This was the perfect opportunity to be deliciously naughty and outrageously daring with absolutely no consequences. She could show off and be a naughty little teasing minx and no one would ever know who she was.
The masks clicked into place at the back and were to be padlocked, so no one could remove them without the key. Again, having the masks that Sylvia and Michael had been sent on return of their signed contract and payment, was a big help. These masks, although unusual, were available in some of the more niche bondage stores on line and Jennifer had ordered two...
The plan ran like clockwork, both couples parked up at the 'gatehouse' as instructed and attached and locked their masks, leaving the keys in the cars as stipulated. It wasn't long before Sylvia opened a frosted glass window at the back of the house and she felt Jennifer eagerly snatch the prize from her fingertips.
They were met at the door by Dangerous Dave and Emelda, who greeted them with big friendly smiles and ushered them into the 'main hall.' It was a huge room with a mysterious section curtained off. Lots of couples milling around fixing themselves drinks and chuckling at the fact that their full face masks meant they needed straws to drink them. Sylvia and Michael were waiting for them and they all giggled with relief as they supped their elaborate cocktails.
It wasn't just the satisfying conclusion to their daring plan, that made them feel so pleased with themselves, the masks they wore gave them that wonderful sense of freedom. This strange new feeling of total anonymity made them seem invincible. They were bubbling with confidence and swagger as they mingled with the other guests.
They were all young couples, excited and intrigued by the party invite. Some with an overpowering sense of self satisfaction that they were the 'chosen ones' and deserved to be there. But most were open and friendly and immediately likeable, although with slightly awkward introductions...'pleased to meet you, I'm...oh that's right, I can't say and this is my wife...who cannot be named for legal reasons...good to meet you too, I'm...me...and this is my wife...she...who must be obeyed.' Only a lovely Indian couple seemed less at ease with the event. The gorgeous wife clinging to her husband's arm timidly for moral support as she supped her cocktail guiltily through her straw.
With all the couples assembled, and then some, the glamorous hosts appeared in the doorway. Dangerous Dave was a strikingly handsome man, tall and dark, with his intensely bright green eyes, twinkling as he smiled. The gorgeous Emelda more than lived up to her billing. She was a stunningly sexy woman, black and beautiful, her shimmering skin glowing with fresh creamy golden goodness. Her pretty face creased seductively as she smiled at them all and Alex's heart thumped wildly in his chest.
'She really is a gorgeous Goddess,' thought Alex dreamily, 'and just look at those scrumptious curves, how could anyone resist this sexy creature. Oh wow yes please, she's got that wonderful double curve thing going on too, she is just so achingly sexy and exciting...' drooled Alex, as he eyed Emelda's 'double curve.' Her peachy perfect hour glass figure was complemented by her sexy legs which seemed to mimic her waistline. Emelda's powerful thighs tapering into her pretty knees and then out again to her firm rounded calves, then back to her shapely ankles. A star struck Alex had only just met her but he was already rather fond of the ground she walked on.
Jennifer and Sylvia exchanged wide eyed glances when they saw Dangerous Dave, there was something undeniably devilishly dark and deliciously dangerous about this gorgeous man. Jennifer's heart sank as she thought 'but what chance have I got to entice and tease this scrumptious man, when he has that ridiculously pretty girl Emelda to play with?'
Emelda and Dangerous Dave disappeared behind the curtain and emerged pushing a black leather clad set of stocks. Emelda stood up on the base and bent over as she placed her hands and neck into their respective grooves. Dangerous Dave smiled at the expectant audience, as he fastened the stocks down and Emelda was held firmly in place. Dangerous Dave revolved the stocks so Emelda was now facing away from the assembled couples, with her bottom outrageously exposed. He lifted her skirt up and tucked the hem into her waistband. She wore a skimpy little white thong that left little to the imagination and the couples gasped at Emelda's beautiful bottom. Her jiggling buttocks were two halves of a bouncy rubber ball, a beautiful bubbly ball that none of the husbands would ever tire of playing with.
The husbands' eyes never left the arousing view of Emelda's lovely bent over bottom, presented to the audience and about to be spanked and paddled for their viewing pleasure.
Dangerous Dave looked at the audience for approval, as he rubbed his hand on Emelda's bottom, in a big circling motion. She squirmed as he landed a sharp slap on her quivering bottom. She pushed her hips up as Dangerous Dave caressed her stinging cheeks, before he slapped her again and looked at the audience, with a big cheeky grin on his face.
The young couples felt their hearts thumping in their chests as Dangerous Dave unleashed a flurry of hard stinging slaps across Emelda's jiggling jelly bottom.
Emelda groaned and moaned as the open handed spanks slapped off her bouncy rubber bottom. A soothing caress from Dangerous Dave's big strong hand, had her raising her sexy booty up to ease the nasty stinging.
The husbands watched enthralled and imagined how wonderful it would be to slap and tickle Emelda's sizzling hot bot. To feel her lovely firm round buttocks yielding to their masterful slaps, then rising up to meet the rub of their soothing caress.
All the Wives thought what would it be like to be bent over in front of an audience and spanked on their bottoms, then fondled and caressed by the darkly devilish Dangerous Dave.
Dangerous Dave gently patted Emelda's booty before producing a shiny wooden paddle, long and narrow and outrageously wicked. He pressed the paddle hard up against her bottom and turned to the audience for approval.
The husbands found themselves nodding instinctively, totally focused on Emelda's double delicious peach of a bottom and no longer aware of their Wives.
A casual flick of Dangerous Dave's wrist and a stinging slap licked and nibbled at Emelda's dancing buttocks. That scorching stroke from his wicked paddle, resounded around the room. The Wives stifled gasps at the unexpected force of that roasting hot blow.
Their husbands' cocks stiffened as Dangerous Dave unleashed a second pulsating crack of his paddle across Emelda's wonderful bottom. A hard slap, slap, slap flurry of blistering hot paddle strokes followed on Emelda's stinging buttocks, that left the spellbound audience open mouthed and gasping out loud...
"...OK ladies," said Dangerous Dave with a cheeky smile, "who's next?..really, no takers, no one wants to try the stocks of joy? ...OK then, would all the Wives like to make their way behind the curtains, with my gorgeous assistant Emelda...That's it, Emelda has some fun and games lined up for you and I'll just have a drink with the gentlemen until you're ready..."
Emelda ushered the Wives behind the big black curtains, into a surprisingly large space. She had rails of costumes lined up for them to try on and they all giggled happily as they picked their outfits. Emelda showed them all a few basic dance moves, 'don't worry, I'll be in front of you, so you can just follow what I do...'
It didn't take long for the Wives to learn the simple moves as they relaxed and enjoyed hearing their husband's laughing along with Dangerous Dave as they joked happily. When they were ready Emelda teasingly said, "OK ladies, it's show time..."
Emelda emerged from behind the curtains with a seriously sexy smile on her face as she announced...
"Ladies and gentlemen, well gentlemen, may I have a round of applause for our new recruits, your very own Wives and they are absolutely gorgeous, so let's hear it for the 'beautiful burlesque babes...'
Rapturous applause greeted the Wives as they timidly emerged from behind the curtains. Their saucy burlesque outfits so teasingly pleasing. Dangerous Dave marvelled at how cute and sexy these lovely Wives were, compared to skinny cat walk models. He liked a woman to look like a woman and these scrumptious Wives were real women, soft and warm with lovely creamy smooth curves to admire.
The ladies made a decent fist of mimicking Emelda's dance moves as they started to relax and enjoy themselves. They strutted and shimmied and twirled round, not caring that their short floaty skirts were swirling out and showing tantalising glimpses. The thrill of being naughty and teasing in front of their husbands was intoxicating. The wonderful secrecy of their sexy masks was a powerful release from any pent up fears and inhibitions they would certainly have had before. Now this liberating freedom and the certainty that they were indeed looking outrageously sexy for their partners and all the other husbands was exhilarating.
Seeing their shy little Wives performing such a saucy dance routine was a heady cocktail mix of jealously and arousal, for the watching husbands. The thought that all the other men in the room were seeing their Wives flaunting themselves so provocatively was shockingly sexy and todger throbbingly arousing. A loud cheer greeted the finale of the dance and there were smiles and hugs all round, as the Wives returned to their enthralled husbands.
Soft music played and the lights went down, as the couples murmured excitedly. All the couples started slow dancing, with wandering hands everywhere. Not all of the dancers were with their own partners, the lovely Indian wife, was proving very popular, as she giggled with the excitement of forbidden pleasure. As was her handsome husband and it was his roaming hands that were caressing Jennifer's hips and bottom when the lights suddenly snapped back on. Everyone stepped away guiltily from their dance partners and huddled close to their spouses.
"Hold on, just a minute, how many couples are there?" asked Dangerous Dave frowning..."one, two, three...nine, ten, eleven, there are eleven couples, I knew it, we only sent out ten invites, how is that possible?"
Jennifer froze in panic, she'd completely forgotten about their deception and looked anxiously towards Alex. Sylvia and Michael also looked nervously towards him but he calmed them all down by whispering, "there's no way they can know who the odd couple out is, we've all got masks on."
"Please produce your golden invitation cards..." said Dangerous Dave rather menacingly, as he walked among the couples tapping his fearsome paddle against his palm.
Sylvia and Michael stared wide eyed at Alex but breathed a huge sigh of relief as more than one other couple freely admitted that they'd thrown their tickets away already...'no handbags, remember...'
"OK...OK...fair enough..." nodded Dangerous Dave "...Emelda?"
"...I know who it is, I know who the gate crasher is," said Emelda confidently as she made her way through the twittering throng. She walked past Jennifer...before she turned and came back. Emelda locked her eyes on Jennifer's, "she's the one..." she said pointing an accusing finger...
The crowd gasped and a couple of the 'chosen ones' grabbed a hold of Jennifer's arms as others shouted, 'put her in the stocks.' Poor Jennifer was frog marched up to the stocks, protesting her innocence and locked into them with her bottom facing the audience. Jennifer's heart was pounding, she was quaking with fear and arousal. A horrible mixed up feeling of utter helplessness and total submission that was scary and electrifying at the same time.
"You didn't pay the entrance fee and now you're going to pay the price..." hissed Dangerous Dave with an edge to his voice. There were cries of 'yes, paddle her,' 'give her a six,' 'paddle her bare ass...'
Alex raised his hand and shouted out, "no, that's my wife, it was my fault, let her go..."
"Well, well, well, the co-conspirator has identified himself and sealed his fate...along with his wife's..."
"Oh but he's kind of brave don't you think Dangerous Dave," purred Emelda "and rather gallant...sir Galahad to rescue his damsel in distress...and I wonder if he's a real man too?"
Several hands held Alex firmly and pinned his arms to his side, as Emelda approached him with a wicked smile on her beautiful face. She looked him straight in the eye as his knees shook with fear and helplessness and embarrassment and longing. She unzipped Alex's trousers and lowered them along with his boxers. Alex hung his head in shame as his semi-erect penis sprang out and bobbed up and down.
"Oh yes he's got a nice big cock Dangerous Dave and he likes it when I stroke it for him..." laughed Emelda as she teasingly brushed her finger tips up and down his swelling meat pole. His manhood writhed to her touch as it stiffened and squirmed with feverish arousal.
"Let's see what his sexy wife is hiding under here," teased Dangerous Dave as he lifted Jennifer's skirt right up and tucked it into her waistband. The crowd marvelled at her lovely full firm jiggling bottom, barely concealed by her tiny white panties.
There were whispers of 'oh yes, that's a peach,' and calls of 'take her panties down Dangerous Dave, take 'em right down, show us her bare ass...'
Dangerous Dave enjoyed seeing this cute little wife quaking with fear and excitement. He stood to one side so everyone could see, as her teased his fingers under her panties elastic and let the waistband snap back again playfully. He smiled wickedly as he took a firm hold of Jennifer's panties and lifted his arm up and gave her an atomic wedgie. Jennifer's creamy bare buttocks popped right out in all their jiggly goodness, while the audience gasped and she blushed bright pink as her milky white cheeks flashed into view...
Jennifer was shaking like a leaf as she felt the air licking at her booty, her sexy panties now just a tiny little g-string flossing between her bare buttocks. Jennifer's heart did summersaults as Dangerous Dave caressed her bottom and patted her quivering butties.
She gasped for breath as a tidal wave of tingles rippled through her, when he slapped her bottom playfully with his paddle. A sexy pink tongue appeared across her bare buttocks, were Dangerous Dave's paddle had licked at her creamy white bottom.
"It takes a brave couple to gate crash a spanking party," laughed Emelda as she squeezed Alex's cock and the head of his swollen penis mushroomed. "You must enjoy watching your wife being spanked and paddled?" she taunted him seductively.
His empathetic 'no's were met with tender cock strokes from Emelda's dainty little hand, that made poor Alex gasp and groan. "You want to watch Dangerous Dave slapping your wife's bare ass, don't you, why else would you come here?" Emelda teased him mercilessly as she stroked his pulsating penis faster...
"No, no, no, no...yes...yes...oh God yes, slap her ass, slap her bare ass..." gasped Alex as he involuntarily thrust his hips forward in angry arousal and almost came to Emelda's scintillating touch...
Dangerous Dave smiled wickedly as he pointed at Jennifer's bottom..."who wants to see what her bare married bottom looks like?" He teased, as he held a hand to his ear and was rewarded with a resounding 'yes, yes, yes, let's see her bare ass.'
'Oh my God, Dangerous Dave is going to bare my bum in front of everyone, dear lord this is so embarrassing,' thought Jennifer as she trembled and quivered with humiliation...
Jennifer groaned as she felt her panties sliding down her legs and heard the audience gasp. Every eye in the room was staring at Jennifer's completely bare bottom, her peachy bare cheeks now shamelessly on display for all to see.
Dangerous Dave licked his lips hungrily, as his eyes lingered on the long deep cleft separating Jennifer's jiggling buttocks. He reached out and tenderly stroked her bare cheeks with his big meaty palm, before tracing his finger tips up and down her quivering buttocks and said approvingly...
"You have a lovely bottom, firm and round and isn't it just begging for a sexy little spanking..."
He caressed her bountiful booty lovingly, his eyes transfixed by Jennifer's juicy peach. "What should we do with such a naughty botty, I bet this bouncy little bubble bottom would really enjoy a good paddling?"
There were cries of 'oh yes' from the excited audience, they'd loved seeing Emelda being paddled but this was on another level completely. A gatecrasher had been caught red handed, she'd been stocked and locked and her panties cocked and corked for a bare bottom paddling. The crowd was buzzing in anticipation and feverishly excited. A foolish young wife had been found out and exposed and she was about to be punished for her crime and it was wickedly arousing.
Dangerous Dave teasingly tapped his fearsome paddle against Jennifer's jiggling buttocks. He raised his long narrow paddle right back and unleashed an absolute stinger across her freshly bared bottom. A sexy 'slap,' resounded around the hall, as the shiny wooden paddle licked at her peachy bare buttocks.
The audience gasped and groaned for more, their primal instincts unleashed as they revelled at the ferocious crack of the wicked paddle slapping across a naughty bare bottom. How far will Dangerous Dave go they thought. How hard will he slap this stupid bitches' ass...'harder Dave, harder, much harder, slap the ass off her...'
Dangerous Dave grinned at the baying audience before turning his back on them and landing a stinging 'slap, slap, slap' flurry of smarting paddle strokes, on Jennifer's beautifully bouncing bare bubble bottom.
The audience loved feasting their eyes on Jenifer's blistering bare bottom cheeks as they danced and jiggled delightfully with every scorching stroke. Dangerous Dave paused the onslaught to look back at the crowd but they eagerly egged him on, 'more,' 'harder...slap that ass man...'
"How many more?" asked Dangerous Dave, looking over and pointing at Alex, who stood rooted to the spot at this wickedly sexy scene. His wife was bent over with her skirt up and her panties right down around her ankles in front of everyone, while a handsome stranger paddled her bare bottom. Emelda stood beside him, still holding his excitedly engorged cock in her soft warm hand. She'd teasingly squeezed his fun pole every time Dangerous Dave slapped his stinging paddle across Jennifer's bottom. He'd instinctively thrust his hips forward in time to the wickedly scorching paddle strikes as they slapped off his wife's jiggling bare buttocks. The shocking 'splat' of the sinful paddled cracking across Jennifer's blistering bare bottom was feverishly arousing.
"How many?" teased Emelda as she stroked Alex's writhing cock playfully... "one...two...three...four..." she called out as she gently squeezed and caressed his squirming penis..."five...six..."
"Six...six...God yes six..." cried Alex as his heart thumped in his chest and his legs turned to jelly, with the thrill of this gorgeous Goddess teasing and tormenting his hideously engorged cock. Alex was totally consumed with that wonderfully erotic feeling of forbidden pleasure, as he floated into ecstasy...
"Six of the best it is..." smiled Dangerous Dave, as he unleashed a ferocious stroke that cracked across Jennifer's glowing bare bottom, as the crowd called out 'one'.
He gently caressed Jenifer's stinging bare bottom as she gasped with relief. His finger tips teased and tickled her glowing pink buttocks as she squirmed and wriggled to his tantalising touch...'Slap' and a second stroke spanked off Jennifer's blistering bottom...'two...harder Dave...'
Dangerous Dave felt a surge of power as he fired off a third stinging stroke that licked at Jennifer's bottom with a wonderful 'smack, splat,' that had the crowd gasping and baying for more...'three...that's it, slap that ass man...'
The paddle snarled and snapped at Jennifer's silky smooth bottom, leaving sexy red tongue licks all over her milky white buttocks. Her lovely round bottom gently jiggling, like a creamy pink jelly. It quivered delightfully too like a nice firm jelly, as Dangerous Dave swished his paddle through the air, to tease her.
A sexy little shiver rippled through Jenifer's quivering pussy as Dangerous Dave clasped his huge meaty hand on her bare bottom. A gentle caress on each cheek, that was so tender and loving followed by a teasing shake from his firm hand and then that awful sexy horribly wonderful slap and sting that took Jennifer's breath away and left her gasping and giddy.
Jennifer shifted her shapely hips as the merciless paddle scorched across her roasting buttocks with a shocking 'smack'...'four...oh yes that was a good 'un...'
Her head shot up as she let out a long throaty groan. Another gentle soothing rub on her stinging bottom from Dangerous Dave earned him a sexy little wiggle of Jennifer's juicy peach of a bottom, before his next stroke struck a withering blow...'five....that was a corker...more Dave...harder...give it to her...she's loving it...'
Jennifer wiggled her bottom defiantly and arched her back up as she thought of the devilishly dishy Dangerous Dave, enjoying the thrill of paddling a naughty wife, with everyone watching. 'I bet his cock's rock hard now, I just know he's loving this more than paddling Emelda.' 'Crack' as the last stroke of his scorching paddle stung her glowing cheeks and she gasped with relief. Her pretty face burned with shame and embarrassment as she tingled all over, quivering and shaking uncontrollably...'six....oh man that was so good...'
...Naked from the waist down, they scuttled out into the cool night air, as the huge front door slammed shut behind them. Alex's swollen cock flapped wildly between his legs as Jennifer's cherry red bottom glowed in the silver moon light...
"Wow that was fun," declared a smiling Dangerous Dave, "but how did you know she was the one?"
"I didn't," replied Emelda nonchalantly. "I watched her wriggling into her sexy little burlesque costume and I knew she had the cutest bottom of all the Wives. Her pretty cheeks were peachy and pleasantly plump but oh so pale Dangerous Dave, I thought you might enjoy painting her pasty bare bottom a lovely rosy pink..."