Introduction: I don't usually have introductions, as I like stories where it may not be immediately obvious what's going on and hopefully things develop and become clearer in their own way towards the end. I try to build up the background and anticipation and in this story I attempted to play around with the point of view, it may work or (more likely) it may not. Let me know either way.
This is a story of romance focusing more on the characters than the sex. While there is some of that in the story, there isn't a great deal and it isn't all that graphic. If you're looking for long sessions of thrust by thrust detail, please look elsewhere.
Anyway it occurred to me that some people may not know who the 'Cadbury Milk Tray Man' was. He was a character in an advert that ran for many years on UK television, a James Bond type guy who would perform a stunt such as parachuting onto a gin-palace yacht whilst holding a box of supermarket chocolates just to impress a lady. And he always wore black, from head to toe. So there we are.
Are we sitting comfortably? Then we'll begin.
* * *
The old man could only see sky through the window from where he lay on the bed.
White clouds drifted steadily, but he could see no trees, no buildings, no people walking past. Outside of his room that glimpse of sky was his world.
He could sometimes hear noises from the outside world; traffic, sirens, aeroplanes in the distance and sometimes he made up stories to himself about what was around the corner of the window frame, like the children's father did in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Had he ever managed to watch that film all the way through? It was doubtful, parts of it went on far too long for a single sitting. If ever a film needed a decent editor, that was it.
Today he made his brain play tricks, so that it appeared that the clouds were stationary but the room was moving instead. It was as if he was falling through the sky, tumbling to earth. This made him feel giddy, so after several tries he concentrated on the light fitting in the centre of the ceiling. The long straight plastic moulding was unmoving and settled his mind, and when he returned his gaze to the window the blue and white had been replaced by featureless grey. Ah well, no more flying today.
He had a random flashback; scratchy material rasping against his ears and soft welcoming flesh against his mouth. As soon it came, it went and he was back in bed looking at the grey window.
Right now the nurse was due and she would be a welcome distraction from the monotony. She didn't have much conversation, but was handy with the rubber gloves, compensating for her brusque manner and severe haircut. It would be marvellous if he could have a young flibbertigibbet, a blonde with fluttering eyelashes but one mustn't ever complain, that would never do.
Right on time the door opened and she let herself into the room. Janice, she called herself. He could remember that because she had big lips and was a nurse. Like Janice from the Muppets, the one with the big lips who played guitar in the Electric Mayhem band and played a nurse in the Veterinarian's Hospital sketches. He couldn't tell her that of course, that wouldn't be terribly gallant. So - the nurse with the big lips.
He liked to find something to help remember stuff like names. He didn't have a clue about many of the modern shows on TV, but the Muppets was a classic. He wondered if this Janice ever played guitar.
Her face was pretty enough. Some coarse lads of his youth would have described those full lips as 'CS lips'. Cock-Suckers, such a crude and unpleasant term. He mustn't say such things out loud, behave yourself, Sonny Jim or you won't get paid.
Janice dragged the vacuum cleaner behind her and with a brief word of greeting started to clean the floor. The annoying whine from the motor filled his ears, but he had the pleasure of her rear view wiggling as she manoeuvred the machine around unseen obstacles on the floor. Damn, that was a mighty fine ass, tightly covered by her maroon cotton uniform. Did she suck as well as her machine? Behave yourself.
As she bent over to clean under his bed he was able to peer briefly down at her cleavage. The uniform was bulging with gaps showing glimpses of flesh pressing firmly against the material. The top button was undone and he could see soft pale globes nestled in white lace. Did women realise what that sight did to an old codger?
He noticed a movement and averted his eyes, but it was too late. She was retuning his gaze with a slight smile tweaking at the edges of that luscious mouth. She said nothing about his mistake though, just carried on with the tasks.
She retrieved a duster from her basket and went around the room, cleaning the surfaces. Her breasts wobbled vigorously with the movement oscillating in harmony with her ass.
His mind drifted back to a physics class from his school days. What was the name of the effect? Resonance. Providing the timing was spot on, one wobble amplified the movement of another. Like two people on a trampoline, one making the other jump higher.
He savoured the vision whilst anticipating what was to come.
There was another memory. An engine chugging steadily. The horizon was rising and falling; he was on a boat. A lady with a bare brown ass was bent over, revealing a clear white tan line at the crease where buttocks met thighs. He knew but couldn't see from this angle that heavy boobs were hanging down, swinging with the motion of the boat.
Strong legs were wide apart, braced for the effort of pulling a heavy weight out of the water. Showing the woman's pussy from behind, between her thighs. A glimpse of crimson against a background of bushy hair. Mustn't stare at her fanny, her husband is driving the boat and can see us. Is that the right word, driver? He doesn't mind people looking at his naked wife but it's rude to ogle.
The boat tilting, then Helen being hauled over the side to land in a sprawling heap on the floor. A laugh on her lips, dripping wet all over. For a moment the two women had been embraced, breast to breast. One lightly tanned, the other deeply. Toffee to coffee.
The coffee-coloured woman now standing upright, the white butt-crease invisible once more and the wind in her hair as the boat accelerated.
Oh Helen, why did you have to leave me?
* * *
Swiftly back to reality.
The nurse Janice was laying down her mops and cloths, stood upright and reached into her basket. This was what he had been waiting for. Snapping on her bright yellow rubber gloves, Janice turned to face him. Swiftly she pulled down his bed-covering and loosened his pyjamas. He couldn't move to resist, but then he didn't want to. This was the high-light of the day.
From underneath his pants his pad was removed. He hated that thing, but he had no choice and it was better than the alternative; lying in the squalor of his own soil for hours on end. Now he was ready for the best part of all. He wasn't disappointed, she produced a large flannel cloth and mopped him down.
It was warm, wet and very pleasurable as Janice washed his nooks and crannies. Around his cock and balls, then deep between his buttocks as she lifted his leg for easier access. She lowered his useless limb, rinsed out the cloth and returned to his cock.
Many years ago he would have been embarrassed by this. He was exposed to her view and couldn't conceal himself even if he had wanted to. However nothing was further from his mind as he felt himself stiffening as a reflex to the scrutiny and contact. The rubber of the gloves was around his penis, rubbing him to full erection.
He could hear her breathing and the slapping noise as her hand moved vigorously against him. Closing his eyes, he concentrated on the sensation but knowing what would come.
Suddenly Janice stopped and took her hand away. She always did, leaving him in frustration but proudly stiff. He opened his eyes just as her hand returned swiftly, slapping the end of his knob sideways. She laughed, a gentle cackle. "Look at you, you randy old sod. Still got some lead in that pencil, eh?"
The impact drove the rigidity from him and then she was rubbing him with a rough towel before replacing his pad and pyjamas. All too soon she was collecting her stuff, ready to leave. The woman bent down and picked up her basket, exhaling heavily. He wondered what she would look like without that industrial-strength garment. He always did, it was part of the ritual just as much as the order of the contents of her basket. It came into his view, with the packet of Marigold brand rubber gloves on top. It was always 'Marigold' brand.
He didn't know why she gave him a rub after his wash, it was just something that she did and he wasn't about to complain.
A long time had passed since his wife had passed away but he missed every day. Helen of Troy, the most beautiful woman in the world. He missed the evenings with her, sharing a bottle of Martini, the regular intimacy, the way she would casually reach for him in the darkness to cup his balls and wait for him to stroke her breast until she fell asleep. Or on a cold winter's morning her warm mouth around his cock to wake him, soft and sleepy transforming to hard and eager in a few luxurious seconds. Better than any alarm clock in the world.
Asleep, dreaming of getting ready for work and through the fog of half consciousness hoping that it was for real, that he wouldn't wake up and have to do it all over again. Then a wet warm suction, a tongue working its magic sliding around his glans. Lips tight around his shaft, and when he was up and ready she might climb on top and do all the work for him with her long legs framing her chest and her breasts bouncing between her knees. After he could take no more and released himself into her, she would stand and slowly drip the product of their love-making. A sensual sight without compare.
Alternatively she might rub her pussy against his face; rest her entire weight on his nose and mouth and see how long he could stand being suffocated. Either way that salacious, sexy smile, the half-curled lip looking down enjoying the power of her body over the weakness of his flesh. Sometimes he had enough breath left in his lungs to blow a raspberry against her clitoris, guaranteed to make her jump away laughing.
Mostly though he missed just lying next to her listening to her gentle snores in the night. He still kept her nightie on the pillow so that her musky scent lingered in his nostrils whenever he slept.
* * *
Janice had caught him several times peering down her cleavage. She never said anything though, it was amusing and somewhat flattering that she could still hold a man's attention at her age.
She had teased him most days, undoing a button and giving him a show. He had a television in the room but he never watched it. She had offered many times during the early days to switch it on but he never accepted. Perhaps the real show she put on was enough. He was happy with his thoughts and the window. God knew what he found to look at, only a bit of sky was visible.
Her duties were to clean the room, wash him, change his clothes and the bedding as required. The room never needed much, there were no visitors. It was quite a boring job and it always livened up the day to have a bit of banter, even if it was somewhat one-sided. Give an old man a cheap thrill, enjoy the effect that it had on him.
She could give him a hard-on any time she chose, as old as he was. Mop him down with the warm flannel, her Marigolds on her hands. A quick grab of his dick, a rub and he was up. Growing big in her grasp, it was like the old days when she was young, a lad kissing on her neck in a shady corner of town. A bit of fun really, no harm in it. Slap him down when he became too excited.
Today she had some time spare. He had been wheeled out, still in his bed for treatment. It was putting off the inevitable moment and achieve nothing in the long term. Janice picked up some papers that she had found in his bedside drawers, they had been hidden from view as if the neat handwriting was never intended to be read. It was a bit intrusive, an invasion of his privacy but all the same she sat down on the edge of the bed. Idly she started to read the papers.
* * *
Dear Helen.
I write this letter to your memory. I know that you will never read it, but nevertheless I will commit these words to paper. I will start by recalling the retirement function that changed my life and yours. It was the occasion that caused us to meet all those years ago.
It was during that evening that I had a conversation with Steve, a guy who had worked at the company previously but had left, wanting to get rich, be an entrepreneur, own his own empire. What he had ended up doing was owning what he described with a straight face as an escort agency.
That raised my eyebrows but he told me over a pint that it was nothing seedy, no strippers or prostitutes. He arranged accompaniment for unattached ladies. As he explained, well-off females who were not in a relationship found it advantageous to have a male (or female) person to escort them to business events, functions or even on holidays. They felt uncomfortable hanging out in hotel bars alone, looking like they were trying to hook up with inebriated businessmen.
All of the people he employed were smart, bright and without police records. There weren't any overweight convicted sex offenders who didn't know how to eat peas in polite company.
He was building up his portfolio of staff and asked if I had a wife or girlfriend myself, and if I was interested in earning extra cash. I hadn't and I was, so we arranged for a longer meeting between ourselves a few days later.
So I met Steve again and he took some details and photos and laid out some background. The clients were wealthy and paid a lot of money, so expected a certain level of service. When accompanying a client I would have the same menu options in restaurants, the same class of travel, the same level of accommodation. After all, to outside observers we would be a couple.
No corners were to be cut, I would be expected to have a business suit and also a black-tie suit for formal functions. They would be made by an approved tailor, arranged immediately and paid for by Steve. I would also need to maintain my fitness and level of grooming -- no tattoos or piercings. And no peering up their skirts. Any complaints of inappropriate leering or groping meant that there would be no pay and no repeat business. So behave yourself, Sonny Jim. I also had to supply copies of my passport, driving licence and a calendar for when I was available. After all, I had my day job and had to arrange time off as necessary.
So I had my suits made and then waited. A couple of months later when I had forgotten about the deal, I had a call; I had a booking for a weeks driving across France with a divorced lady who needed a break. Once I had confirmed that I had time off work, Steve asked me to pop over to his house as he had the car ready. I was to drive it in the meantime to become accustomed to it and find out what all the buttons did.
Steve wasn't kidding about corners not being cut. The motor turned out be gorgeous; it was a deep red Jaguar convertible with a V12 engine that purred at the roadside but transformed into a snarl under load. I made the most of the time available, driving it anywhere and everywhere. The car was designed to munch the miles and deliver the occupants in perfect condition and style so the trips that I made on my daily commute were easily accomplished and I became the envy of my mates at work. It was an arrangement that I could get used to.
So at the appointed time I stashed my own luggage including the suits in the car and made my way to the address given. Steve had been quite explicit about what I should wear; black trousers, black roll-neck sweater, black polished shoes and a gift of a box of chocolates in my hand.
It turned out to be a big old house hidden behind a tall hedge, with a gravel driveway and manicured lawns. When I rang the old-fashioned door bell you appeared, but immediately laughed out loud. That took me by surprise a little, it was the first time either of us had seen the other and hilarity was not what I was expecting.
I saw that you were a little older than me, classically beautiful with expensive hair and possibly the longest legs that I'd ever seen. It was a vision that I will take with me to the end of my days. You were wearing a tightly fitted dress that emphasised your hips and slim waist, and even when you weren't laughing you always seemed to have a smile that hinted at a dirty joke somewhere.
You recovered yourself shortly and explained. You had told Steve that you wanted to be picked up and whisked away on a continental trip, taken away from all your troubles and woes. Now I had turned up dressed as the man from the Cadbury Milk Tray chocolates advert.
Clearly Steve had advised me what to wear as a joke, an ice-breaker. It seemed to have worked anyway even if I did feel like I had been tucked up.
So I added your bags to mine in the back of the car and held the door open like a true gentleman for you. Those stockinged legs stretched out endlessly in a haze of musky scent into the shadows of the floor and out of my sight, your seatbelt nestled across that tight dress in your cleavage in the most distracting fashion and off we went, headed to a south coast port.
Our passage was well away from the truck chaos of Dover -- Calais which only takes a couple of hours, instead we were headed to Normandy via a much more civilised but longer route. On the way we exchanged life stories. I kept mine to the minimum as my job was to listen and not to dominate the conversation. Besides there's not much you can say about working in computer systems architecture which is what I was doing in those days; most people had eyes that were glazed over by the time I finished the description.
You told me your potted history; recently divorced from your husband who was someone big in civil engineering. Designing bridges and tunnels had earned him a great deal of money over the years, you had met while you were a student at university and doing some modelling and promotional work to top up the student grant. At a conference you caught his eye and were soon married.
Your husband (who you always referred to as 'the asshole') had insisted on an extravagant wedding - then on you being a stay-at-home wife, so you ceased your studies and became his arm-candy. You joined him at office functions where he exchanged hilarious anecdotes with his colleagues, his all-time favourite being about a man who laid a driveway to his house with ornamental green glass chips. He had bought a truck-load to the astonishment of the dealer who had only ever sold them by the sack.
It turned out that the chips had been intended to be sprinkled on graves in churchyards and his wife had shuddered every time you saw it glinting in the moonlight. As stories went it wasn't too bad, except that he told this story at every gathering you went to.
Anyway, several months before we met he had traded you in for a younger model.
He had gone to another conference and found another student who had been boosting her standard of living by wearing skin-tight Lycra covered in advertising. When the affair came to light you won the house, a considerable income and expenses. The student lost her bodysuit and any chance of a Nobel prize in her field.
Now mid-life and with a lonely old age looming, you found yourself unattached and seriously bored. After several months of watching day-time television you had decided on this road-trip to rediscover your lost youth.
'Just think', I remember you saying, 'while I was deciding what colour carpet to have fitted, my friends were marching against the bomb, getting stoned and getting laid to the music of Sacha Distel.'
Now you wanted to visit the places you had missed out on, spend his money and have some fun before settling down to a game of bingo at the old folk's home.
We reached the port in plenty of time for the evening cross-channel ferry. Once we found our cabins we whiled away a couple of hours in the bar watching distant lights twinkle and fade in the darkness. As I remember the crossing was calm and the gentle sway of the vessel was just enough to create an atmosphere of adventure and escape.
In the morning the ferry docked with much hooting and shouting from the crew and soon we were on our way again, heading south across rural France. I was very nervous for a while, driving on the wrong side of the road with traffic thundering past but we soon turned off, away from the tedious autoroutes.
Old fashioned paper maps directed the big Jag along ancient roads lined with plane trees, through rolling farmland where every field seemed to have a rusting Citroen 2CV being used as a hen-house. The villages had old houses hiding behind shuttered windows and cobbled squares with old men sitting outside cafés. At Orleans we checked out the home of Joan of Arc and then found a hotel for the night with two spare rooms and a restaurant with an impressive wine list.
The next day you announced where you wanted to aim for. The French Riviera. Cannes and St. Tropez. "That's where the action was back in the day, I want to see what the fuss was about. You know, Bridget Bardot, Serge Gainsbourg and the rest of the crowd that my old mates were hanging out with."
The car was pointed southwards once more and we headed through Avignon to Marseilles where we stopped once more. The next day we passed fields of lavender, endless rows of purple alongside the road but you weren't impressed, "The asshole made me wear lavender perfume, I hated it. He said it was respectable, but it was old-fashioned and reminded me of my grandmother. Since he left I use musk which he would never have approved of."
Eventually we reached St. Tropez. Approaching the old port, we lowered the roof to make the most of the car and found the harbour area where we parked. We strolled around the quayside where artists were busy painting street scenes and portraits of customers and you sat for one of them. Within a couple of minutes we had an extraordinary cartoon, then we sat at one of the cafés and whiled away an hour in the shade over a coffee.
You were silent for a while but finally spoke up. "Here's the thing. Why I wanted to come here. I want to see -- and do all the things that I missed out on. I want to go to the beach, and I want to go topless."
I raised an eyebrow, you were wearing a halter-necked top and I had to try hard to avoid staring at your breasts swinging seductively behind the thin material. You continued, "When Peter Sarstedt was singing about 'Where do you go to my darling, in your carefully designed topless swimsuit', it always made me think about this place and the girls like Bigitte Bardot on the beach here. It was always in the news."
You told me that you had never been allowed to appear topless in public. You were the original trophy wife, be seen and never heard and don't dare embarrass he who pays the bills. But now you were going to get the girls out, let them see the sun. First though you were going to get one of those carefully designed topless swimsuits.
We left the café and explored the back alleyways of the town. There we found a boutique selling swimwear and I waited outside while you went shopping. You came out wearing oversized sunglasses and carrying a ridiculously large bag with string handles that seemed to be completely empty but had your precious garment wrapped in tissue paper at the bottom. The beach resort was a few miles away from the town so it was back to the car and across a strip of sleepy, hazy countryside until we reached the right place.
The closer we came to the resort, the more nervous you became. Brittle laughter, non-stop conversation of no account, playing with the buttons on your clothes; I was beginning to wonder if you were actually going to go through with it.
The bay was lined with beach clubs, with sun-loungers encroaching onto the sand just feet from the water so we entered one, filled in a membership form and found the changing rooms. I changed into my beach shorts and you emerged a while later with a massive white towel tucked under your armpits. "I started to lose my nerve, but I had a quiet word with myself and told myself to get a grip. I've come all this way, now get on with it," you said.
We walked out onto the deck overlooking the beach and you took a deep breath before slowly lowering the towel. For the first time I saw your breasts, soft swells of perfect proportions that belied your years. A slight weight indicated that they just begged to be supported by a convenient hand. Tipped with tiny pink nipples, the one on the left never seemed to poke out as far as the right.
You also had a slight softness to your stomach but that was mostly hidden by red thong bikini panties that rose up to your navel but were cut so narrow down below that the swell of your pubic area was barely concealed.
Your cute bum was ravishingly beautiful, framed by the scarlet material that hooked neatly over your hips and burrowed down into the cleft of your firm buttocks. Your body was slightly tanned, but nothing like the deep bronze of several other ladies sunning themselves on nearby loungers. They were all smoking strong local Gitane cigarettes and sipping cocktails that had tiny umbrellas while they chattered loudly to each other. All looked like models and were of course topless with impeccable breasts fixed rigidly to rib-cages and dark brown nipples like bullets aimed towards the horizon.
We selected a couple of loungers in a quiet corner and sat down. You glanced pointedly at the others, "I had a few sun-bed sessions before we came out, but I think I should have had more."
Compared to my pale body you were perfectly tanned so I said nothing as you continued, "I was thinking of having some work done as well. Part of my mid-life, post-divorce crisis I suppose. New boobs, new man, new life." You looked down at your breasts. "I think I might get them done, give them a bit of shape again. Not much, I don't want them to droop like spaniel's ears, but I didn't want plastic torpedoes either."
You lifted your boobs up with your hands, pointing them towards the horizon like the other ladies. They looked just fine in their normal position to me, I was never a big fan of the magic melon look so I tried to be as non-committal as possible about surgery. I hope I managed a gentle compliment on your body and general appearance without being too uncouth.
Then you noticed that the others were staring. Becoming self-conscious, you blushed and lowered your breasts, folding your arms across your chest.
Once you felt that you weren't the centre of attention, you dropped your arms to reveal yourself once more. You made a remark about how it reminded you of that dream where you were naked in school but no-one else notices.
Your nipples were stiff as you studied the brightly coloured scrap of cloth masquerading as a swimsuit. "This doesn't cover very much, the material must be worth more than cut diamond," you commented. "There's an average week's wages stuck between the cheeks of my bum. Never mind, it fits perfectly and the asshole is paying."
You were right about the fit; I've seen bigger air bubbles in a paint job.
After half an hour you stood, "Right, before I lose my nerve, I'm going for a swim." Boldly you strode across the deck and down the steps onto the sand, your breasts quivering with every step. At the water's edge you paused as the chill of the sea struck your warm skin, then bracing yourself you splashed through the ripples until waist-deep. After a brief pause to build the suspense, you ducked down until your shoulders were underwater.
I followed, trying to be as manly as I could against the shock of the cold water. Once wet, it was much better of course.
You swam with a stately breast-stroke but inevitably your long hair straggled into the water and then you began to relax, ducking underwater and then picking up speed with a front crawl. When you stood, your nipples were fully erect once more. "That's fantastic, no wonder it's popular with ladies, the freedom is liberating. You men have it made."
You shook the drips away with a wiggle of your shoulders, then we returned to the loungers.
As you turned to face me I noticed that your swimsuit was transparent and a dark patch of hair was visible. Your eyes followed mine and with a horrified expression saw what everyone else had already noticed. You swiftly sat down and patted yourself down with the towel.
What was worse than transparency though, was that a dark curl of hair had escaped. The thong had been cut so narrow that a lock of pubes was poking out of the edge and was now wafting in the slight breeze,
"Oh my God, I didn't realise. The woman in the shop said that I shouldn't go swimming in this swimming costume, can you imagine that? What the hell do they make it out of this cloth for? Would it be so difficult to use decent stuff that didn't go transparent?"
You were so flustered about what people (who you didn't even know) may have seen. The French girls had gone very quiet and turned their faces away as you looked in their direction. I offered an opinion; it should be called a 'posing suit'. It was just for sitting around in. None of the other people were swimming which was reserved for the gauche uncivilised tourists like us. Posing was all they did.
It was now late afternoon and we hadn't yet secured rooms so we dressed and returned to the car. Along the road back towards the town there were a few hotels, so we found one with a suite vacant and checked in. This one had banks of golden marigold flowers in bloom alongside the driveway, across the front of the building and in window boxes at every possible point. The scent as we approached was almost overwhelming.
We found that our suite had a private lounge area with two bedrooms so while you got settled in I took the car for a quick wash and spruce up at a local garage.
When I returned with the Jag looking pristine once more, you were sitting on the sofa giggling, wearing a dark green lace bra and panties with a robe over your shoulders. The gown was thin, sheer and unfastened so achieved little apart from adding to the seductive atmosphere. Your hair was still damp and you were puffing on an immense reefer between your fingers.
The room was thick with aromatic smoke and I needed to open a window but I was wary; I was trying to avoid any compromising situation. I was keen on being paid for this trip, but I had no way of reaching the window or my room without passing close to you. The fancy green lace didn't quite conceal much of anything and your panties were as close fitting as your bikini. Although you were technically wearing more than earlier, this seemed far more inappropriate. You were in sexy lingerie, slumped back with your legs splayed apart most immodestly.
I tried to edge along the wall but you were still awake, although your speech was slurred. "Hi there. I did another thing on my list. I got stoned," you laughed. "The guy renting sunbeds at the beach club was very accommodating, I reckon he has every known pharmaceutical in the world for sale."
Your breasts wobbled inside your bra as you considered what was obviously an incredibly funny situation. "Only a few more things on my list to go, but I'm prepared. I have a Sacha Distel tape right here. Can you put it on please?"
You continued as I slotted the cassette into the deck in the corner of the room, "I didn't tell you all the list, did I? I used to read the articles in 'She' and 'Cosmo' magazines, but I wasn't allowed to do the things they were talking about. I never went skinny-dipping in the night, I never had oral sex. The asshole wouldn't even consider it, said it was dirty. But I remember reading that if sex wasn't dirty you weren't doing it right."
You screamed with laughter and I was worried about the guests in the other rooms thinking that someone was being attacked. Not being a smoker of even tobacco myself I didn't have much of a clue about the effects of weed.
"Come on, get your kit off, give me some of that oral sex I read so much about."
The music started up, 'The Girl From Ipanema' gently seductive from the speakers.
I was astonished at the proposition. We'd never had so much as a cuddle and I thought of myself as an employee rather than a boyfriend. But you were not about to be discouraged by any reluctance on my part. You rolled onto the carpet, your hands reaching for my waist. Deftly you found my belt and my trousers dropped to the floor.
Reaching behind yourself, you unclasped your bra and shrugged it away together with the robe to release those lovely orbs, glowing a slight pink from the unfamiliar recent exposure to the sun. Raising your hips, you slipped your thumbs under the waistband of your lace panties and pulled them down over your knees, over your feet and then tossed them clear across the room. Within a couple of seconds we were both fully undressed and then you rose and led me to your bed.
Knees wide apart and naked, you displayed yourself to me with a smile. The dark locks that I had glimpsed through your damp bikini had disappeared, now your labia were smooth and hairless.
"I had a shave. I hope you don't mind, I borrowed your razor. I look like a little girl now but it's lovely and smooth now, have a feel." You were still giggling.
I knelt between your thighs and nervously touched your skin below your belly button. You pushed my fingers impatiently to your labia. "See, soft isn't it?" I had to agree.
"Now I want to see what that oral sex is like."
I bent down towards your groin. Then I spoke in the style of a tour guide. "Here we have a fine example of a vagina, clearly presented for our delectation and delight. The outer parts have the hair removed and the inner lips are glistening with desire."
You stopped laughing, "What the fuck are you on about? I thought I was the only one who was stoned here."
"I'm sorry," I replied, "I thought you wanted 'aural sex', with an 'a,u'. You know, when you lie there and listen to someone else talking about it."
Your eyebrows wiggled while you worked that out, then you giggled again, "You're funny, you know that? Now come on, give it to me properly."
I bent down to your navel and exhaled gently onto your body just below. You sighed and relaxed your knees as I tenderly kissed the beautifully smooth, soft skin of your stomach. Your belly button was a full 'innie', a deep indentation just perfect for working a tongue into.
Then I saw your head raise and you were looking at me, "Why are you kissing me there?"
Because it was sexy, gorgeous and was turning me on. A feminine softness that begged to be loved, caressed, nuzzled. But when I told you that, you welled up in tears, which was another surprise. When we first met I made you laugh, now I was making you cry.
You explained that your ex, the asshole had always criticised your belly, saying it was fat. Go on a diet, lose the paunch he told you repeatedly. So you ended up hating it and that made me feel sad. So I kissed it some more and you felt better, as a result I was happier as well.
Slowly, very slowly I moved down. I was careful not to touch your pussy at first, but let you feel the warmth of my breath. By the time I reached there Sacha Distel was finishing the song about the girl from Ipanema.
I waited until the next number started,Raindrops keep falling on my headit was Distel's big hit in Britain. Your inner labia were protruding, crinkly and slightly pigmented compared to the freshly depilated skin. They fluttered as my breath passed over them, your breasts rising and falling as your musky scent rose from your body.
I started again from your navel, my tongue circling around before probing its depths. Then I traced a line southwards, inexorably over your belly, then separating the labia. I played with the area of your clitoris until it was fully distended and could be rolled around with the tip of my tongue.
I moved on, finding the opening of your vagina and returning to your clit until you groaned.
Soon you were lying down with your back arched, breathing deeply.
I ran the tip of my tongue across that most sensitive of spots.
You didn't speak or open your eyes, but caught hold of my hair. I felt hands grabbing the back of my head and heard a soft moan as I slid a finger inside you. Without giving your a chance to argue, I started licking with a rapid lapping motion.
Your breathing became gradually deeper.
I thought you were falling asleep but eventually you came so hard I thought you were going to do yourself an injury -- and myself also with your thighs wrapped tightly around my neck. I lay there waiting for you to say something and gently disentangling your legs so that I could breathe once more. Several minutes later your body was still rigid. When you finally opened your eyes, you looked at me and said "Bloody hell!"
"Bloody hell. Does that mean it worked?"
"Cosmic!"
"So, it was okay?"
"Well Cosmo, anyway!" You said with that sexy half-grin.
Outside, the sun set and it became suddenly quite dark. After a couple of hours of languid tongue-play you were snoozing with contentment but eventually it was time to shower and dress for dinner. My best suit came out of the case, you looked breathtaking in a floor-length gown, halter necked to show your bare back.
The sauces of French cuisine were delicate on the food, the regional wines very good. You decided to work your way through the vermouth section of the menu; Cinzano, Martini, Campari and several others. After sampling them all you decided that Martini Rosso was your favourite, "I know, I'm a heathen. It's Italian and the most commercial of the lot but I like it."
After we had whiled away the rest of the evening with all the courses and coffees, we returned towards the suite. You were tipsy from all the drinks and possibly from the 'whacky-baccy' as well, and as we passed along the passageway had to take my arm when you staggered on your high heels.
You stopped by an open window overlooking the countryside with the sea and looked up at the moon. Reaching for my hand, you moved it so that my arm was around your bare shoulders and leaned against me. "I like it here, The car is great and you're funny.
"Do you like these halter-necks? I love them, they're comfortable and the way they fit me is brilliant. They were made for this warm climate, you have to go braless and you get air circulation. No bra-sweat giving you a rash underneath the boobs. You remember the Women's Libbers? They burned their bras. I could do that, happily."
You moved my hand again and I found myself holding the side of your boob, "See, a hand can just slide in there and fondle me. It's very difficult to stop someone if they decide to stroke it."
I took the hint and gently moved my hand over the breast, feeling its weight, the softness and the nipple rise to the occasion. You sighed and I remember you saying, "I'll give you five hours to stop doing that." Suddenly you were facing me, arms around my neck pulling my head down to meet your lips. We kissed deeply.
Your dress was tied around the nape of your neck with a bow, which you tugged at and loosened, exposing the breast that I had been fondling to the cool night air. You turned and rested it on the windowsill, it looked so cute like that. "The night air is lovely, I could stay like this for ever." I looked about, checking for any other people who might see you but we were alone.
I slipped an arm around your bare shoulders and eased you away. "Come on, best we go back to the room." The other side of your dress fell down so that the entire top section was hanging down from your waist. You appeared to be quite comfortable with it, not trying to hide your chest at all. Your breasts were proud, your nipples stiff. The time spent sunbathing on the beach had clearly relaxed your attitude to your body.
I led you into the bedroom and you fell back onto the bed, pulling me on top of you and locking your legs around my waist. Your groin pressed against mine, causing it to expand rapidly. Then you reached away for the bedside telephone and as we separated, started placing a call.
"I'm going to phone the bastard," you announced, "Fuck him, I'm going to tell him that I've never had so much fun since he fucked off." I was surprised by your ripe language; until then you had been perfectly genteel.
As you were talking to the operator, your dress fell away and your panties followed. You covered the mouthpiece and spoke to me quickly, standing naked except for your stockings, garter belt and shoes. "Take your things off, I want to tell the fuckwit I'm enjoying myself." I quickly obeyed and was soon undressed. Then you lay back and pulled my head down to your pussy. "Eat me out like you did before, while I'm on the phone to him."
Soon you were talking on the phone, with the nylon of your stockings scratching against my ears and your heels sharp on my back as I went to work with my tongue. "Yes, it's me. Yes, I'm spending your money. Are you enjoying yourself with your slut? Well I'm enjoying myself more, I've never had so much fun."
You raised your hips in the air, giving me better access. "I'm doing all the things you wouldn't let me. I'm having a ball I can tell you. You'll never guess what I'm doing right now; have a go. Yes, I know it's late, but I don't have to get up in the morning. Yes, you're right, well done. I've been drinking. Do you give up? I've found myself a toy-boy and he's going at it like a puppy." I felt your hand on the back of my head, pressing me firmly against you.
"And I've thrown out all that bloody lavender scent you kept on buying me, I've got some sexy perfume; modern stuff not that floral crap your aunt dabbed behind her ears." You writhed and moaned against me. "I know now what I was missing all those years. Hey, gotta go now, I need to pay proper attention otherwise all his efforts will all be wasted."
With a gleeful chortle you replaced the handset and panted. Your legs were now wide apart and you were looking down, watching as I tongued your clitoris and deep into your vagina. you reached across and flipped a switch on the tape player. Charles Aznavour crooned from the speakers.
Soon you were pulling my head in hard. After feeling your labia mashed against my face and my tongue slowly working its way into your opening, I felt emboldened enough to run a finger gently along the cleft of your butt, noticing a clench of your muscles each time. Deeper and deeper I pressed, until I had separated the two globes completely but avoiding the puckered up sensitive spot.
At last I ran my finger over that place, causing you to contract and raise your hips in reaction. I rewarded you with an extra deep probe with my tongue and you gasped.
Soon I introduced my erect penis to your vagina and pressed the tip to the opening. you hooked your feet around my back, pulling me inside whereupon I reached underneath and touched your anus with my middle finger. As I started to ease it into you, your eyes opened wide and you whispered, "What are you doing?"
"Relax and enjoy it, remember -- sex is supposed to be dirty." I carried on unhurriedly making love, sliding in and out with a sideways hip movement at the deepest penetration to increase your pleasure.
As your breathing became more exaggerated I pressed harder with my finger. After a brief hesitation I felt your sphincter relax and you allowed my digit into your body. Now your eyes were wide open and you started to pant.
I could feel my cock moving inside you against my finger, as I felt myself losing control. As I started to cum, you started bucking under me and shrieked. I kept my finger inside until we were both lying still again and I was softening.
As I gently withdrew my finger, You gave me a kiss, your tongue deep inside my mouth. "Bloody hell," you whispered, "I don't remember reading about fingers in bums in 'Cosmo'."
* * *
The trip continued for several days more. We left St.Tropez and followed the winding cliff-top road to Cannes where we found another hotel and you purchased several more skimpy swimsuits that were not intended for swimming in. These were not cut as high at the stomach and showed off the delicate curve of your wonderful belly.
We walked along the promenade overlooking the harbour where we watched beautiful models who weren't wearing even topless swimsuits being photographed. It was disconcerting to observe totally naked ladies being dusted with make-up all over and having their picture taken whilst motorists drove along the main road only a few yards away. Later, after long evenings in the casinos I spent endless hours stroking your breasts as you fell asleep.
One night we lay on the bed with the curtains wide apart, stars bright in the sky through the window. You were relaxed, all modesty discarded and your soft thighs gentle against my ears until you climaxed against my tongue. I decided to push to another level.
I rested for just a minute, then started again. you came once more almost immediately but this time I didn't cease. I continued relentlessly through your protestations.
Eventually you pushed me away and clamped your hands between your legs, panting heavily, "My God! No more!"
I took a breather, raised my head and and spoke quietly, "This is a two way street, you need to participate to get full benefit."
You lifted your head and peered at me, "What now?"
"It's all about participation. Both parties need to enjoy receiving the contact, enjoy providing the contact and appreciate the enjoyment that the other is experiencing.
"So what do I do?"
I showed you how to touch, how to caress, how to fondle. How to kiss me, use your tongue, your lips. Finally to take me into your warm mouth and feel the effect that your actions had on me.
Eventually it was your turn to speak once more, "Tell me. If it has that effect on me, doesn't it do the same to you? What if it happens to you while you're still in my mouth? If you cum in my mouth that's disgusting. I'll be sick, I'm sure."
"Well, it all depends on how you feel. This should all be a celebration of eroticism. If it happens, rejoice in the power of your sexiness. But you won't be sick, I'm sure. You'll love it, want more. Then you have choices; if you spit it out you're going to need a tissue or somewhere to do that. If you decide to swallow, do it slowly and make sure that you maintain eye contact while you do it.
"If you want to kiss, that's the most intimate and erotic of all, but remember that not every man will be ready for it and the taste on your lips. You'll have to play that one by ear, see how it goes. If it goes well it'll be the most joyous thing that will ever happen between the two of you.
"Whatever you choose, go back down on your man and use your mouth to make sure that all the remains are cleaned up. In fact you can do that every time after sex. Clean him up with your tongue and share the taste with him. If he's anything of a lover he'll return the compliment and clean you as well."
"Mmm, that sounds interesting but I don't know if I could." you giggled again, "I think I'll need another joint." You took a couple of drags more, then ran your tongue along the length of my shaft, underneath to my scrotum. After licking around my testicles you looked up, "Do you like that? I just made that up myself."
I liked the way you were participating and being innovative, so rewarded you with more attention to your clitoris.
The first time you managed to make me cum in your mouth you were amazed and then became emotional with the realization of the power of your femininity. Tears of joy running down your cheek mingled with the semen dribbling down your chin as you went down again, milking me clean and dry. Our kisses were soft and tender afterwards as we shared the joy of the experience. That night the music of Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin was in the background.
Je t'aime je t'aime, oui je t'aime. Moi non plus
I love you, I love you, yes I love you.
I love you more.
Comme la vague irrésolue, Je vais, je vais et je viens, Entre tes reins
Like a wild wave, I go, I go and I come, between your kidneys.
Only the French can make that phrase sexy. 'Deep between your loins' isn't explicit enough for them. The song became the anthem of the trip, there can be very few songs that are a better accompaniment for a fuck.
Je me retiens. Non, maintenant viens!
I hold myself back.
No, cum now!
There was now no question of separate rooms in the hotels, we holidayed together. We played roulette and went skinny-dipping in the night, then joined in with the topless parade by the girls with the bullet-nipples along the beach during the day.
We spent a day water-skiing. There were several speedboats in the harbour advertising lessons, so on an impulse we tried it. The boat that we chose was owned by a married couple and was driven by the man, with his wife giving instructions at the rear. I never saw her wearing a top, she was sunbathing topless in the boat when we first approached her and you followed suit immediately afterwards, removing your T shirt. By that time you weren't about to be the prude on the side, and any bikini tops that you had were packed firmly at the bottom of the suitcases.
The woman taught us both how to stay upright on wide twin skis, then demonstrated how to carve turns on a single, her long sun-bleached hair billowing in the wind. Once we were capable of staying vertical she removed her bikini panties and we all took turns skiing nude with the waves and the spray sparkling in the sun. It is rare that I have encountered such a completely even all-over tan as that lady had. There was only the thin line at the top of her thighs that was still pale.
It was such a fantastic time, with her so unselfconsciously naked and repeatedly pulling us out of the cold water with her warm chestnut boobs crushed against our bodies. I've never known anyone so unconcerned with strangers being able to see her body at such close quarters. Then, the picnic that they supplied was delicious; champagne on the ocean with scarcely another soul to be seen in the world.
That day was the first that I knew of when either of us went fully nude in public. We'd been skinny-dipping in the dark of course, secretive and furtive little excursions when all efforts had been made to avoid being seen by anyone. This day though it all seemed so natural when the boat owners were so casual about the dress code. It only took me a few minutes to become accustomed to the sensation and I think you about the same.
The regret I felt was at the end of the day when it was time for us all to dress once again. In the distance the street lights were switched on in the town and along the road that follows around the bay as the engine on the boat was turned down to tick-over, taking us gently into the moorings. We were all so exhausted that only sleep was on the agenda. The next morning however was different...
* * *
All too soon the time came for us to leave Cannes. We took the mountain route through the Alps to Grenoble where we took a ride up a mountain on a ski lift and breathed fresh cold air together as we looked down on the world. It was still summertime of course so there was no snow and the distant road wending along the valley floor had silent specks of moving vehicles. You stood on the top of a cliff, removed your top and threw your arms out, singing as loudly as you could about the hills being full of music whilst your freshly browned breasts dominated the view. Quite the exhibitionist by this time, you had well and truly thrown off the constraints of your earlier life.
The journey back to England took longer than expected as the days travelling became shorter and the nights became longer with endless lovemaking sessions.
We drove into Paris, where on the bank of the River Seine we picnicked on oysters and wine. In the evening we took in a show where dancers performed the can-can and dragged ladies from the audience to join in, teaching them the moves with the high kicks and waved skirts. Later on, for the encore they repeated the dance but this time without the frilly panties; these shows were rarely publicised in the tourist publications.
I'm not sure that they really intended that members of the audience join in with this part of the performance but you were there with your slim fitted dress hitched up high to your waist and your underwear in your purse. You had a standing ovation that raised the roof of that little theatre.
A year later we were married in a small ceremony. There were few witnesses and just a couple of guests; there seemed little point in making a big show. As you said, what you had learned from your first wedding was that the amount of money spent didn't have any influence on the quality of the marriage that follows.
And the marriage was certainly of the best quality. Although you have now left me we had such good times together and doubtless we will soon be reunited once more. In another world we will run naked together along a sandy beach but until that time I will inhale your musky scent from your clothing and remember that long trip to the Cote d'Azur in France.
* * *
Janice put the papers in her bag. The old man was returning, lying still in his bed and looking up at the ceiling. The porter said nothing, he had music playing in his headphones. The man's condition had deteriorated over recent days and his time wasn't long according to the doctors. When that happened every trace of him would have to be removed from the room so that it was ready for the next resident.
Then the papers would be shredded; destroyed like every other sign of his occupation. That would be a shame and for the time being they could lie safely underneath her packet of Marigolds.
Right now she had just enough time spare to finish cleaning the room and give the man a rub. She might even allow him to finish for a change, see if he really did have enough lead left in his pencil. A final service before his final service, so to speak.