Treality Stories Volume III - yes we're happy and horney as f¥€k
All characters are well over 18 years old and include 'Rocket Man' and 'Sparkling Red' who first met online a few years ago as their alter egos 'Jardine Man' and 'Mimbabe'. We will also get to hear about their even earlier alter ego's 'Batman' and 'Prudence'!
Introduction to Volume III ...
Goddess Rule 3. Yes I'm very happy and I'm horney as f¥€k for you my Rocket Man.
All Man Rule 3. Damn I'm horny as f¥€k for my fabulous Sparkling Red. My Goddess is to wear red leather with no bra or panties with your long black boots.
The anniversary of your Dad's death is spent with your Mum on the way over to see me. Yay. I tell you that it's great to be with your Mum, you were only 16 the time when young men really need their Dad around them. It's actually ok to still feel betrayed at this time. However look at the beautiful man you have become, a very loving father and a dotting Pa. A wonderful son to your strong Mum. A fabulous boyfriend and lover to me. Such a kind man to my children already and they miss having you around showing them how a real man treats his lady. You have given your life to the military and have many wonderful achievements. Friends that are best mates.
I don't know your Dad, but I think he would be very proud of the man you have become.
We then have the most amazing six days together - being loved and giving love.
The kids are becoming used to my All Man visiting, making their Mum happy and making them feel special. It is such a great role model for the boys - competing with you to show who loves their Mum even more than you.
You are such a good sport about the shaving idea and I knew you'd just love it too. I certainly do. What an amazing man and I love your clean shaven look and I love stroking our Mojo just like you do with a waxed Genie.
Hope you love your non-hobo Mojo. I am so doing this crack and sack thing for you (and me) ...
Fantastic just surprise me next time we catch up?
We can plan that after Monday morning meeting. Imagine my pussy after a wax and your balls and area done. Then how making love is going to feel so smooth and velvety. Wow wow wow that will be a first for both of us.
I never thought I would ever find a love like this. And this is our Third Volume already - you're amazing collating and adding just such sensual and sexy imagery for us to enjoy while apart and then reading me the latest Adult Only Bedtime Story. Quite masterful - just like your loving of me - so Masterful and beautiful how you treat your Mistress and Sparkling Red Goddess.
Yes, I am happy and horney as f¥€k for my All Man with his non hobo Mojo and Clean-shaven balls done just for my reward and pleasure. Bring on Volume IV!
Later ...
We have been chatting about my number 2 best lover who was the one that started calling me Prudence never my given name. That chat morphed into your and my number 3s ...
My All Man's first lover teaches him well and is his number 3 ...
I moved in numerous tribes while in high school: all with a different personae. Sunday School and Youth Group was fantastic with several beautiful girls that were fun to share 'approved Baptist' activities; Boy Scouts to enjoy camaraderie and camping out / canoeing / treks every school holidays; shooting with my Dad; bush dancing with tennis (and winning the "most Cooperative" awards every year!); piano and guitar lessons. The Youth Group was great with lots of outings, bonfires, singing and 'even' dancing - a whole new concept to the Baptist Church in the day!
One memorable Bonfire at San Isadore resulted in 'Sandra O' being paired up with me for several dances and then she wanted to return to Wagga in the car with me. Wahoo. We had not even left the venue and she was cuddling me in the back seat as 'Adrian' and 'Greg' happily chatted away in the front about cars seemingly oblivious to the action in the rear seat - definitely unapproved Baptist Youth Group activities.
She was curled up in my lap kissing and hugging me. I could enjoy doing more of this I thought. She unclipped her bra and ran my hands up under her jumper and I got to feel the beautiful sensation of a solid B cup right breast as we continued kissing. Her nipples kept getting erect and then calming down, getting erect and ... This was mind blowing for me - far better than kissing 'Kerry L' with braces!
We get dropped off back at the Church and Sandra wants to know if we can catchup tomorrow night at the Teachers College for dinner with her and a College Production. I had to check with Mum and Dad to see if I can get a lift so that should be great I say. She says that we should be able to find someone to drop you off.
I have my first ever real date!
Our dinner was great with her and I cooking in the College common room and then setting up a table in her room to have a candle lit meal together before the play on Campus just a short walk away. The play was not memorable at all but walking there, sitting in the audience, kissing her passionately before heading back to her room was certainly a 'coming of age' for me. Sandra was in 2nd Year so was probably 19 maybe 20 and I was not that old! Thankfully the dinner and play gave me much more of a chance to check out in daylight my date as she was new that year to our youth group! She was slim and a strikingly pretty brunette with highlights in her hair.
Despite being a Boy Scout Patrol Leader I was unprepared for what came next! Although it was disappointing at the time she was also unprepared - we had no protection! That did mean we had lots of Foreplay discovering each others bodies and what felt good. In her bean bag we did make out - which was most memorable and thankfully I pulled out before I came. She laughed at the volume of cum spread all across her tummy but thankfully none had hit the beanbag as it was her friends! After that embarrassment I was still keen to ask her out to a birthday party at my mate's place near my High School! She says she would love to go with me and asked if I thought she'd fit in ok. Yeees I said.
So the following week, Mum and I pick up Sandra from College and went to the Birthday Party with a another mate planning to drop us off afterwards. One must remember this is out in the country in the late 1970's. All such party's, despite being a 18th involved copious amounts of alcohol and lots of weed! I definitely had other interesting things on my mind though. My mates were very impressed with my striking new date from Church and from the Teachers College no less! This tribe got to see a very different personae that night! Sandra fitted right in with the girls (country girls don't forget!) I pried her away to go for a walk so we can chat and see what happens!
We stop at the local playground to sit and cuddle some more as she is so much fun to kiss and get to know her (and her body). Things get quite steamy on the slider swing as I have successfully got her bra strap finally undone to kiss her erect nipples again and she has got my fly undone to explore the raging hardon trapped in my suddenly too tight jeans. This is getting ridiculous so I stand up, remove my jeans and her panties as I straddle the swing seat and she literally climbs on board after I somehow get the protection on. Not overly smooth or sophisticated moves by me but she seemed to be loving my body and my enthusiasm which lasted much longer than the previous Saturday night! So my first adventure in love was on a swingset near my High School! No wonder I love cowgirl position.
The rest of that year I would help Sandra out with her Maths and Science subjects while researching her biology! My sister never fails to remind me that Mum fell for all of that! Being the first I always got away with murder she would always say - despite being on the Honour Board at School!
Sadly the following Easter her parents money ran out and she returned back home without even saying goodbye when her Dad came to pick her up!
I have never heard from or of her again! Not at all!
My number 3 who was far too aware of his long penis
My number 3 was also a baseball man 36 on the team I played with in St Kilda and was (and is) great friends with my number 2, as far as I know. I was friends with both and only slept with him well after number 2 and my great girlfriend at the time recommended him when I did his travel arrangements back to the UK to visit family. He got such a great personal reference about him and his schlong.
Just a one night she said - it's more your style Prud, she didn't know what to do with it! I am sure she did but didn't go back for seconds.
l dropped off his tickets to his house and stayed for dinner - we had Irish stew and he dearly wanted to f¥€k me. That was to be my extra thank you for arranging his travels so well. He was very aware of his long penis - so he always prepared me well by licking me out prior to entering me. He remained a great client even when he fell in love with someone else and I even booked his honeymoon and organised his marriage in the little White Chapel in Vegas. No mucking around after those arrangements - only when he was single as I loved it at the time as, unlike my girlfriend, I did go back for some more.
Do not need to fear my number 3 with the schlong at all - your shape changing cock is beautiful and is so much better. Your Mojo's BD and LD are awesome and I can feel them massaging my cervix and That Spot which is just what I need and love. With you I can grind my pelvis on yours which was impossible with number 3 and so we still always need to be careful you don't bruise my kidneys with your UltraLD. I love you teasing and preparing me well as you know Mojo hurts my cervix whenever we both forget. Remember we found out that your LD means you're in the Top 1% of males in the world - and with the length of your ULD schlong who knows. I am most happy to organise our travel and for you to thank me personally too ... I love that.
Rocket Man texts back: Hope you feel good telling me such details about your past lovers and partners. I do. Very liberating not to have secrets or shadows. Until you told me this I had not realised the down side of blokes having a too long a schlong! Lol. I so love you and yes I know how good you are at travel planning and execution too.
Excellent, I wouldn't call any of them partners we were all sexual with different people back then. It seems like it was another lifetime ago and I can hardly believe that was me now. All I desperately wanted was to feel safe and loved after the Ex left!
I have now found my soul mate and my absolutely best lover ever: YOU.
xx
Your Sparkling Red and best lover forever now
Sparkling Red and I hope you enjoy our Treality and we truly welcome any and all constructive comments you can offer us. We read them all and respond.
Bring them on - pretty please ...