It was still early afternoon but I wasn't about to waste the whole day talking about things we could talk about on those nights when Bill and I would have to be satisfied with chatting on a web based messenger service. I wanted this incredible man to give me another good fucking before I sent him home to deal with his boring wife. I started directing our conversation toward that ultimate goal.
"Baby earlier you mentioned that you watched countless porn movies to help learn how to give such incredible oral sex." I said.
"Yes Gen, late at night after she's gone to bed I sometimes pull one out of my secret hiding place and watch them." He replied.
I giggled thinking of his wife sleeping in the same house while he watched porn movies.
"Did you ever masturbate while you watch them baby?" I asked.
Bill admitted, "Yes Gen, quite often, and I always put myself in the male's place, imagining I was the man fucking the porn star."
"Did you ever watch a movie with Tess?" I asked. Bill smiled at me and answered, "I brought it up once and she said that was disgusting. She'd never act like one of "those" women."
I moved closer to him and ran my fingernails up into his hairy chest. Looking into his eyes seductively I said, "I'll be your porn star baby."
Bill took on an inquisitive expression almost like he wanted me to explain what I meant.
"I'd love to watch a porno movie with you Bill. In fact baby, we could make our own. I have an old video camera around here somewhere." I said.
"Do you have any porn movies Gen?" He asked.
"No baby, but it's early we could get dressed and go buy one." I suggested.
"That would be taking a big chance Gen, what if we ran into someone we know?" He said.
"Baby, I doubt we'd run into anyone from the college in a porn shop." I replied.
"Well there is one downtown that I go to, I guess you're right baby the chances of us being seen are pretty remote." He said.
"Oh, this is so exciting Bill, I've never been in a porn shop." I said.
"The one I'm thinking of is very seedy Gen." Bill warned me.
"The seedier the better baby. Do you want me to dress like a porn star, like your little slut mistress baby?" I asked.
"That might be fun Gen." Bill said. "You can have some fun with the other customers."
"Better be careful baby, remember I have an addiction to big juicy cocks. I might lose control and offer them all a sexy blow job." I said giggling.
"No problem Gen I'll keep your mind occupied while we're there." Bill replied.
I headed for my bedroom to get dressed. As I walked away from him Bill said, "Remember baby, slut mistresses don't wear any panties."
"I wasn't planning on wearing panties Bill." I said looking over my shoulder and giving him a sexy wink.
This was going to be so much fun. I often thought about going to a porn shop to pick up a strange cock. Had I not found my discreet lover I'm sure it would have become a reality in the not too distant future. But now I'd be able to use the experience to entice and arouse my own man. I'd be able to flirt and even expose myself to any man I wanted with the knowledge that my stud Bill would be the one who'd be fucking my brains out afterwards.
I chose a very short very tight denim skirt, a skin-tight pink tee shirt and a pair of black stiletto heels. I let my long jet-black tresses cascading down my back, and applied mascara to my eyelashes to accentuate my green eyes. What slut wouldn't be complete without ruby red lips a matching shade to my red fingernails. Several healthy squirts of a lusty perfume along my neckline, and a short squirt directly to my pussy for good measure. In less than five minutes I was ready for our porn shopping trip.
Bill had slipped on his slacks and sport shirt and was combing his hair when I walked back into the living room. He took one look at me and said, "WOW, that's a perfect look baby. Every guy in the place is gonna want to fuck you silly.
I did an about face and bent slightly at the waist like I was reaching down for something on a low shelf.
"OH YEAH, just enough pussy shows when you do that baby." Bill said.
He added, "Now all we have to do is get out of here without being seen Gen."
"No problem baby, pull your car up right out front, and I'll jump in quick." I suggested.
"That'll work Gen." Bill said.
I knew the most dangerous part of our little shopping excursion would be the five or ten seconds from my front door to Bill's car. I grabbed a pair of sunglasses to help disguise myself, but I knew if anyone who knows me were outside my long hair would be a dead give-away. The excitement of what my discreet lover and I were about to do far out-weighed the dangers of someone seeing us.
Bill and I made our way down stairs. Before he walked out he looked up and down the street to make sure it was empty.
"Okay baby wait here till I pull up front, then make a dash for my car." Bill said.
"Got ya Bill." I said reaching for his groin and giving his cock a little squeeze.
Bill laughed as he opened the door and hurried to his car a half block down the street. As I watched for him to pull up I put on my sunglasses. A familiar face walked by on the street. It was Steve Kosmerl, the student I'd talked into masturbating in my office. He looked up toward my door, but before he could see me I moved away from the window. I wondered if he knew where I lived. I passed it off as nothing more than a simple coincidence.
A moment later Bill's car came to a stop directly in front of my door. I opened the door slightly and checked for pedestrian traffic on the sidewalk. Not seeing anyone I stepped out and made a mad dash for the car door. Bill reached across and pushed the passenger door open and I quickly jumped in beside him.
"Made it baby." He said as he shifted the car and began to pull away. As he braked for the stop sign at the next corner Steve stepped off the curb and began walking across in front of the car. He looked directly at me but kept walking. I was sure he'd recognized not only me, but also the man I was with. I didn't say anything to Bill. But I had a feeling that little glance would come back to bite me in the ass soon enough.
During the drive downtown Bill suggested that it might be even more exciting if one of us went alone into the shop first. That way we could flirt with each other and the rest of the men there wouldn't know we were together. They'd be more receptive to my flirting if they thought I was alone.
I agreed with his suggestion and said, "Oh yeah baby, give me three minutes to grab their attention then follow me inside."
Twenty minutes later Bill parked a few spaces down the street from Excitement Video. The storefront looked plain enough, just a neon sign mounted above the door and a small sign showing their hours of operation taped to the painted window beside the door knob. In a prior life the shop probably had displays in the two windows beside the door, but now they too were painted to shield the general public from the stores inventory.
"You ready Gen?" Bill asked.
"As ready as I'll ever be." I replied taking my sunglasses off and placing them on the seat beside me.
"Okay baby, I'll see you inside in a couple minutes." Bill said.
I opened the door and stepped onto the sidewalk. As I approached the store's front door it opened and an older man walked out. Our eyes met. His widened taking in the vision he'd fantasized about while inside. I stopped smiled widely at him and kind of cocked my hips expecting him to say something. He kept silent but held the door open for me. I stepped by and entered Excitement Video.
There were racks and racks full of video and DVD boxes each one a different version of the same thing. Each one with its own little porn slut pictured seductively on the cover. The place reeked with the odor of sex. Behind a glass display case an older man was seated on a backless stool. He was reading a magazine when I stepped inside but didn't look up from the countertop. I assumed he didn't even know I was there since the customer who was leaving when I entered covered up my entrance by holding the door for me.
But the sound of my heels stepping across the old wooden floor caught his attention. He looked up and did a huge double take when he first saw me, instantly he sat up straighter and sucked in his beer belly. A feeble attempt to make himself look more appealing, but his unshaven face and long straggly greasy hair gave him away. He'd have a snowballs chance in hell of ever slipping his crusty cock inside my sweet fuck tunnel.
Nonetheless I smiled widely at him letting my flirting begin. He returned my smile with a shit-eating grin of his own and said, "Good Afternoon Miss, something I can help you with?"
I stepped to the display case and let my long red tipped fingers come to rest where he would be able to see them. He glanced down at them, but instantly returned what was quickly becoming a lustful stare back to my tits and the hard nipples that pierced at the tight pink fabric of my tee shirt.
I looked down through the glass top at the assortment of dildos, vibrators, specialty condoms and assorted oils and creams inside.
"I'm looking for something special." I said.
"What would that be?" He asked.
Lifting my eyes from the display and looking directly into his lustful stare I said. "I'm looking for a big cock!"
His mouth dropped open like someone had tied a ten-pound weight to his lower jaw. He stammered to speak but before he could I said. "You know a really big cunt stuffing dildo. Preferably one with a huge bulging cock head and lots of arteries standing out alone the shaft."
He tried to speak again but the words just stuttered together, "I aw..We ah, O A there." He pointed to a display of shrink wrapped life like dildos hanging on peg board hooks along one wall of the shop.
"Why thank you kind sir." I said, quickly turning and walking seductively toward the display. I knew his eyes were glued to my ass, my long black hair swinging side to side and my long legs running from my five inch stilettos all the way up to my succulent ass. It had probably been months since a woman ventured into his shop, let alone one he could only fantasize about fucking.
As I approached the display several other patrons of this little shop of lust started noticing me. They all tried to make it look like they were studying the particular porno they were holding, but their lustful glances in my direction gave them away. Every man who saw me wanted to have me kneel before him and suck his cock, every man who saw me want to slip his cock inside my wet cunt.
I stood in front of the display of dildos waiting for my partner to enter the store. It had to be three minutes by now but Bill hadn't made his entrance. I didn't want to get too carried away with my show before he was inside and I'd be safe from being groped by one of the patrons who might be more forward than I cared for.
A moment later the entry door opened. I looked over my shoulder expecting to see my discreet lover, my partner in this little sex crime enter. But it wasn't Bill who walked inside, it was the same middle-aged man who'd held the door for me. Obviously returning to take his shot at a quick hot fuck on a lonely Sunday afternoon. I returned my attention to the dildo display acting like I hadn't noticed him return.
He had clearly figured he'd get back inside, get close to me and give it his best shot before any of the other men because he walked up behind me and started looking at the porn movie boxes directly behind where I was standing. I turned and took a step or two down the isle and bent over at the waist giving him a glimpse of my naked pussy. I figured I'd give him first look at me since he was kind enough to hold the door open when I entered this crusty establishment.
I heard him gasp as my pussy smiled as widely as I had when we made eye contact on the street. As sure as my pussy was starting to get wet from the start of my exhibitionist show for the patrons of Excitement Video this older man took his best shot as I straightened up.
"You know sweetheart, the real thing is so much better." He said.
I turned to him and grinned before saying, "Really, do you have this kind of equipment?" Pointing toward the biggest fake cock on the rack.
"Not quite, but what I lack in size I make up for in oral dexterity babe." He quickly replied.
I smiled widely at him again. For an old dude he was pretty smooth and his quick response may have won him a quick blowjob had I not promised myself to one man less than 24 hours earlier, a man who was more than fashionably late with his entrance.
I had to quickly come up with a response to this elderly come on.
I thought for a second, and then moved closer to my middle-aged suitor. "Actually I'm looking for a gag gift for a bridal shower I'm going to next week." I said hoping he'd buy that age-old story.
"Yeah, sure, what ever." He said, accepting his fate and going down in flames. He returned his attention to the rack of porn movies and I moved further down the isle, deeper into the bowels of this slimy cum reeking pit of porno.
Just as I returned my attention to the endless display of rubber cocks hanging alone the wall I hear the front door open. Glancing quickly over my shoulder I was more than a little relieved to see my discreet lover, my savior from the possible ravages that could have occurred had I entered this place alone, enter the store. Bill walked toward the counter and the beer bellied, greasy haired, unshaven clerk said, "Hey dude, what's up?"
Bill replied, "Not much Jimmy. What's up with you?"
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Jimmy nod in my direction directing Bill's attention to where I was standing.
"Wow never seen something like that in here before." I heard Bill whisper to Jimmy.
Jimmy, christ Bill was on a first name basis with the clerk. He must be a frequent buyer at Excitement Video. I giggled to myself wondering how big a hiding place he had keeping his obvious fetish for porn hidden from Tess' knowledge.
Bill walked toward me, but veered into the next isle instead. Now that he was safely inside I decided to turn up the heat of my exhibitionist show. I walked slowly along the isle stopping to pick a movie off the rack every once in a while. They were all mostly the same. The front cover blared the title and a seductive photo of the female star in some skimpy reveling outfit, the back cover a series of smaller photos of that same star with cocks inserted in every hole imaginable or covered with cum. Most of those reminded me of the night earlier in the week that I was covered with hot cum. My pussy got even wetter and my nipples harder as I gazed over the tiny pictures and read the short descriptions enticing a purchase.
I reached a break in the racks and moved between into the second isle where Bill was acting to or actually carefully studying the offerings in a section marked as "Group Sex".
I turned to face him but didn't acknowledge his presence. Another customer further down the isle and behind me dropped the movie he was looking at. More than likely an intentional act to be able to lean down and take a good look at my legs and what the short skirt I wore was trying to hide.
I made his effort worth it as I bent over and picked up a DVD box from the bottom shelf. I fumbled with the box giving the stranger a chance to study the moist pink slit he had hoped would be visible. Straightening up I turned so I could look down the isle toward the voyeur behind me. His eyes gave away the fact that he'd gotten a very good look at my wet cunt.
I smiled at him, and turned to face him fully, letting his voyeuristic gaze study my tits and the erect nubs of pleasure pressing against the pink fabric. Bending over again this time so Bill could see what I was showing off, I returned the DVD to the bottom shelf of the rack.
Knowing I had both men's undivided attention, I walked toward the stranger. He froze watching my seductive approach wide-eyed and open-mouthed. When I was close enough I said, "Funny how the most interesting movies are either on the bottom shelf or the very top."
As I finished saying that I stretched up to try and retrieve one of the top shelf boxes. My skirt rose up above my legs giving him a second chance to view my creamy white ass. I heard him gasp softly confirming he'd gotten another good look at my bare bottom and long legs.
I turned a little so this voyeuristic stranger could stare at my tits and the hard nipples pressing against my tee. And stare he did, clearly not caring that I knew he was checking out my chest.
I paid him no attention until I turned the box over and looked at the tiny pictures on the back.
"I can't believe the size of these porn men." I said to no one in particular.
He replied, "The only requirement to be in one of these movies is to have a really big cock and lots of thick cum.
"You're rather forward." I said.
He kind of smirked at me and answered, "Baby, you're in a porn store, and flashing your sweet ass. What do you expect?"
"I expect a gentleman's attitude." I said.
He laughed and said rather sarcastically, "Oh excuse meeeeeeee. I suppose I should have said a really big penis and lots of thick seamen."
I gave him a smirk and replace the movie before sliding by him and venturing further down the isle looking for another man to expose myself too.
I stopped half way to the back of the shop, and turned to again look at the movies being offered. Looking back toward Bill I noticed he was making his way toward me. When he got close enough I whispered, "Baby when I reach up I want you to grab my ass."
I made sure the asshole nearer the front was watching before I reached again for the top shelf. Bill's hand slipped below my skirt and he gently fondled by ass cheek. Retrieving a movie box from the shelf my skirt lowered but Bill kept his hand on my ass. I turned toward him and glanced over his shoulder making sure the other guy was watching us. He had turned to face our direction and was trying his best to give the appearance that he was looking at a movie, but I knew he was staring over the box directly at me. I slowly moved my hand to Bill's crotch and gave his cock a gentle squeeze.
I was having so much fun doing my little exhibitionist show for the horny men in the place, and at the same time becoming very aroused. But I also could hardly wait to get back to my place and watch a hot fuck movie with my lover, Bill.
I walked all the way to the back of the shop, or at least I thought it was the back. But when I got there I noticed a small doorway with a 70's style disco bead curtain hanging over it. Above the door a hand written sign said, "Private Viewing Booths". I peaked through the beads and saw a long narrow hallway with doors along the left side. This hall was the origin of the places odor, a strong smell of male seamen wafted into my nostrils. Stepping through and into the dimly lit hall I found the each door had a different movie box insert stapled to it. Finding one with its door ajar I looked inside. A small TV screen was built into the rear wall of the booth and beside was a coin box. I'd stumbled onto the peep show part of Excitement Video. The only light in the booth was from the TV, but I could clearly see a two or three inch round hole in the side wall. My excitement grew as Bill approached from the entrance to the hall.
"You know what these are Gen?" He whispered.
"Peep shows?" I replied speaking like I was asking him a question.
"But what's up with the hole in the side wall baby?" I asked.
He smiled and said, "Babe that's the glory hole. It's for sucking cock baby."
"Oh my god, I should have figured," I replied. "but what woman would..." I paused realizing the glory hole was used more by gay men then couples.
Giggling I said, "No wonder the hall smells so much like cum."
Bill laughed with me realizing he'd shown me something new.
He said, "I'd love to slip my cock through a glory hole and have your mouth on the other side baby."
"I'd rather have the whole package when I'm sucking your cock baby." I replied.
Bill grinned at me and said, "Speaking of the whole package, how about we get outta here and get back to your place Gen. I got your whole package right here." His hand grasped mine and drew me to his crotch where he had the beginnings of a beautiful hard-on.
I gave his cock a gentle squeeze and said, "I can hardly wait to watch a fuck movie while we're doing the same thing babe."
"Let me buy the DVD I selected for us Gen, then I'll wait in the car for you." Bill suggested.
"Great baby, I'll be right behind you." I replied.
Bill exited the hall and I let him get out of sight before I started walking back toward the beaded curtain. As I approached the last few doors one swung open. A short stocky balding man stepped into the hall blocking my exit.
I continued toward him as he faced me instantly staring at my tits and hard nipples.
"Excuse me please." I said as I got to him.
He turned and leaned against the wall, waved his hand between himself and the wall, and said, "Go right ahead darlin."
I knew I'd never get by without making physical contact with him, but I didn't expect he'd actually try to touch me.
As I started to slide between him and the wall he lifted his arm blocking my passage. As I started to protest he lifted his other arm basically trapping me against the wall and his arms. He smelled of cheap cologne and even cheaper wine. His stomach was pressed against my pelvic mound and I could feel his hard cock as my naked thigh slid past his crotch.
"What's a sweet young thang like you doing in a seedy place like this baby?" He asked.
I thought what a brazen bastard, if he even remotely thought he'd have a chance at me he had another thought coming. But I was there to flirt and expose myself so I figured what the hell, I'll let him think for a moment or two that he could talk me into a glory hole blow job.
I said, "This sweet young thing is looking for a big fat cock to suck! You got one?"
He took my hand and before I could resist he slipped it in his open zipper. He wasn't wearing any underwear, and my hand instantly came in contact with his naked swollen cock.
"Is this big and fat enough for you baby?" He asked.
His cock felt like a tree trunk, my hand hardly fit around it, and while it wasn't very long it was totally erect and throbbing.
"You like coming in here and watching porn movies don't you?" I asked. "Come in here watch people fuck on TV and jerk this big fat cock off don't you?" I added.
I stroked his cock a time or two to let him get the idea that I was enjoying touching him.
"You do what you got to do baby." He said.
"Well I'll tell you want BABY." I said emphasizing the word baby. "You go back in the booth and stick this big fat cock through the glory hole and I'll be on the other side to give you the most incredible sucking you've ever had. But you have to promise to cum in my mouth." I said.
"Oh yeah." He said acting like he just hit the lottery big time. "But how will I know it's really you on the other side of the glory hole?"
I thought for a second then withdrew my hand and his from his throbbing dick. Slipping his hand under my skirt I let him finger my wet pussy. "You stick you finger though the hole first and I'll rub this sweet wet pussy on your finger." I said. "It's the only pussy in the place so you'll know it's me."
I added for good measure, "And if you give me lots of hot cum down my throat maybe I'll let you take me someplace and fuck my tight ass too."
That remark sold him, he actually thought he was going to get a Glory Hole blow job and a shot a fucking me in the ass later. What a stupid bastard he was.
His hand slipped from my wet pussy, and as he turned the door knob to the booth beside him he licked my juices from his finger. I started taking a step backward toward the door beside and turned the knob swinging the door open. His door closed and after I was sure he was inside I tiptoed past the booth and out into the store.
As I quickly walked to the exit I imagined him standing in there his finger extending through the glory hole trying to find my dripping snatch, while he stroked his fat cock expecting to cum in my hot mouth. My feet hit the sidewalk outside and I thought, "Some men are such dopes."
Bill was waiting in the car with the engine running, I jumped in beside him and turning toward him spreading my thighs so he could see my wet pussy I said, "Let's go baby, I can't wait to get back to my place. I'm gonna suck and fuck your brains out!"
I noticed a plain brown bag lying on the seat as I reached to put my sunglasses on. Picking it up I looked at Bill. He smiled and said, "Hope you like the movie I bought. I opened the bag and pulled the DVD out. I began reading the front cover, "Angel of Lust staring Angel Kassidy, Jennifer Seemon, Frank "foot long" James, and Peter Westwad as God." At the bottom a short description read. "Sent from Heaven to help a couple find the road from their sinful ways our Angel gets the tables turned on her."
"This sounds so hokie Bill." I said. The star Angel Kassidy was a beautiful blonde with full lips, blue eyes and incredible shaped tits. A full 36D and incredible tight cleavage in the pure white strapless corset long shapely legs accentuated by white garter straps and white silk stockings and of course white stilettos. Her hands covered her pubic mound on the front cover. She had a feathery looking pair of angel wings on her back. Turning the DVD case over I looked at the tiny thumbnail pictures on the back. One was of Angel and apparently God. He was seated on a throne looking chair wearing a long priest looking robe. Angel was seated on the floor next to him one arm draped over his leg the other extending up under his robe. Another photo was of another couple, who I assumed were Jennifer Seemon, and Frank "foot long" James. They were coupled together in a very sensual position, he being seated on a dark velvet sofa and she was sitting on his lap her naked pussy poised to descend over his apparent trade mark 12 inch cock. The third photo was of Angel, wings spread, in the classic 69 position with her mouth engulfing Frank's huge cock. The last of the "buy me" pictures was of the two girls licking at Franks cum spurting cock. A thick stream of cum laced across both their faces.
I didn't bother reading the short caption of what the movie was about, I just slipped it back into the bag. Looking again at Bill I said, "I'll suck you just like the angel sucks cock in the movie Bill. If she licks his cock I'll lick yours, if she deep throats him I'll swallow you, I'll let her be my director when she goes down on that twelve inch cock.
Bill smiled and replied, "You want to be my Sex Angel Gen?"
I giggled and said, "I'd rather be your Devil of Lust baby."
During the rest of the return trip back to my place I sat with my hips turned toward Bill, my thighs spread wide open and I constantly fingered my wet pussy, more because I was so fucking turned on by my little performance at Excitement than because I wanted to turn my discreet lover on.
We made it back to my place in record time. Bill dropped me off and I quickly ran up the stairs and into the foyer of my building. He joined in a few minutes later and we quickly made our way up to my flat.
"That's one sweet looking ass baby." Bill said as we scurried up the staircase.
Once safely inside Bill grabbed my arm and turned me pressing my back against the door. His strong hands roamed my body, teasing erect nipples, caressing my heaving tits, slipping under my skirt to feel how wet I was.
"I'm so goddamn hot for you Gen." Bill said. "I wanted to fuck you right in the middle of that porn shop." He added lustfully.
"I wanted your beautiful cock so bad Bill." I said.
Our mouths met in a passionate soul searching, tongue probing kiss, hands and fingertips exploring every intimate part of our bodies.
"Oh baby I want you so bad." I whispered in his ear.
His aching cock pressed against my thigh, which I sensually rubbed him with.
"Bill lets put the movie on." I said.
"I want to see this Angel Kassidy suck that big cock." I said.
Bill took my hand in his a lead me to the sofa. I sat down and crossed my long sexy legs dangling one incredible stiletto at him. As he pushed the DVD into my player and grabbed the remote I said, "Baby, one of the guys at Excitement told me the only requirements for being a male porn star is to have a big cock and lots of thick cum."
"Oh yeah, and be able to moan a lot too." Bill replied.
As he approached the sofa I asked my discreet lover, "You have lots of thick cum for me baby?"
"We'll just have to wait and see Gen." Bill said with a grin on his face.
"Well you certainly have the other requirement. I love that big cock of yours. And I'm sure I can get you to moaning a lot too." I said smiling widely at him.
Bill sat down next to me and placed his hand holding the remote on my knee. Leaving the remote balanced there he slowly slid his hand up along my thigh squeezing the muscles and tantalizing the naked flesh. Goose bumps rose on my exposed skin. I was highly aroused by his delicate touch, and knew I'd be even more aroused by what we were about to watch.
"Just press play baby." Bill said.
I reached for the button that would send the plastic disc whirling inside the player, knowing my senses would be whirling just as fast in a few short minutes. After several rather lusty previews of up coming releases that all included shots of the female stars sucking, fucking and getting cum loads shot in their mouths, the screen filled with, "And now our feature presentation."
Bills hand continued to massage my thigh as the title "Angel of Lust" appeared on puffy white clouds. The other opening credits appeared staring, directed by, and produced by. Bill said, "Oh this is a Michael Ninn production, they are usually very good, well photographed with very hot close up sex scenes."
I made a mental note that my discreet lover was apparently a connoisseur of fine quality porn.
As the last credits ran the clouds faded and the opening scene was God seated on the throne like chair with Angel sitting on the floor next to him, the same picture that was on the DVD box.
God spoke first, "Look at these two Angel." The picture faded to a shot of Jennifer and Frank kissing gently on the edge of a bed. As the couple started getting into more foreplay God continued to speak.
"They are partaking in pre-martial sex, fornication with out the bounds of matrimony. Engaging is oral sex" God spoke
The images on the screen changed as God explained every sin they were committing.
"Mutual masturbation, anal sex." God continued. "They surely should be condemned to spending eternity in the bowels of hell for their sins.
As the images of Frank and Jennifer played, and God's voice spoke the film included close up shots of Angel's face. She was staring intently at the images God was showing her and clearly enjoying what she was seeing, judging from the lusty expression on her face.
Angel Kassidy is a very beautiful woman, her facial features are almost perfect. Beautiful round eyes, deep blue in color a tiny nose that turns up ever so slightly at the tip, full sensual lips that were shimmering with pink gloss in the opening shots of the movie.
While this opening scene played Bill's hand explored even more of my now tingling thigh. His fingertips slowly worked up toward the hem of my short skirt. Actually by the time his fingers would reach the hem he'd be right beside my quivering pussy. My nipples were already tingling, and I wished I had removed it before we got comfortable.
God spoke directly to Angel, "I want you to go down to earth and teach these two the proper ways of courtship Angel. Teach them they should wait until after marriage before engaging in these activities. Teach them that even after marriage sodomy is a sin never to be engaged in. And finally Angel teach them that the seed of man is to be used only for conception of a child, not as some kind of exotic drink as seems to be the case in more and more of my mortal beings on earth.
Angel looked into Gods eyes and said, "By your command father I will do my best."
I looked at Bill, and he was grinning. "Ok, sometimes they can be a little hokie." He said.
Bill wasn't kidding, the next quick scene was of Angel her fake wings flapping and looking like she was flying through the clouds. I giggled at the silliness of the whole think. Even though the scene lasted less that a minute, it was ample time to check out this porn stars incredible cleavage. Her tits lush and full, the deep succulent cleavage between those sexy tits screamed for a cock. A big fat twelve inch cock.
Angel landed in the bedroom with Frank and Jennifer just as Bill's hand landed in my crotch, his fingertips dipping into the wet depths of my pussy. I moaned as his fingers probed the frothing folds of my pussy.
Angel tried to explain to the two lovers that they needed to change their ways or risk the wrath of the all mighty.
They both laughed at her thinking she was some kind of nutcase. Frank however took note of her sexy body and offered to prove to her that all the things he and Jennifer were doing was good and very pleasing.
Angel watched as Jennifer sucked Frank's huge cock, licking the head like a day long sucker, winding her tongue around the corona and pressing her tongue tip into the wide slit at the tip.
Jennifer said, "Try it, you will see."
I took that as my cue to begin what I'd promised my own lover. Slipping off the sofa I knelt between his legs. As Frank peeled the top of Angel's corset down off her heaving tits I peeled my tee shirt up over my head.
Bill's eyes moved from the TV screen to my eyes as I leaned forward and turned to see what Angel would do with this monster cock standing fully erect in front of her.
My nipples hard and erect tingled with anticipation. My mouth watered instinctively preparing to take my lover Bill's cock between my lips. Angel lick at Franks cock, I licked Bills. Angel swirled her tongue around Franks bulging cock head, I ran my tongue around Bills. She stroked the mammoth length of Franks cock shaft squeezing it tightly in her hand. I followed suit and slowly stroked Bills rock hard cock shaft. Jennifer, Frank and Bill all watched as Angel leaned forward and pressed the monster between her full orbs of fleshy pleasure spitting on the head as she captured it.
I spit on Bills cock and it twitched, my own soft tits capturing his throbbing shaft. I watched as Angel began tit fucking the full length of Frank's swollen pole. My soft flesh slid up and down Bills cock in time with the images of the porn stars tit fucking strokes.
Bill moaned feeling the warm flesh caressing his cock. Frank said "Doesn't that feel nice Angel."
"It feels incredible Gen," Bill said.
Angel dipped her mouth to lick at the head as it pressed out from between her ripe tits. In an incredible close up only her lust full lips and his cock head filled the screen as it slid inside her wet mouth.
My hot wet mouth engulfed Bills pulsing cock head, and we both sucked our lover's cocks. Bills eyes kept moving from the TV screen to watch me as I continued mimicking the lusty porn star.
The deeper she took him the deeper I took Bill. Frank finally had enough and he lifted Angel from his cock. Bill follow suit and as Frank lay down on the floor Angel straddled his body in the 69 position. Bill pushed the coffee aside and lay down on the floor. His pants down to his knees, his shirt pulled up away from his waist his feet stretched out toward the TV. Jennifer joined in moving to sit on Franks face. From her position she could finger Angel's wet pussy.
I mounted my man, and began stroking his pulsing cock, gently licking at the head as Angel studied the monster she held in her soft hand. From my spot I could mimic her every move.
She licked at the head, I licked at Bill's. Opening her wet full lips she took him inside. Bills cock head disappeared inside my watering mouth. Slowly we both descended over our cocks deeper and deeper into the hot oral fuck cavity that our men love so much. Angel's eyes were wide open and staring at me as we both felt the cock meat we were swallowing press into our fleshy throats. I reached my ultimate goal of completely swallowing my man's cock before Angel. She'd had another 4 inches to swallow and was clearly having trouble taking it all. As I stared at his monster cock disappear between her soft wet lips I just held Bill, deep in my throat, holding my breath and watching the incredible cock sucking that was playing before me on the screen.
Bill had abandoned trying to watch the movie content with licking and tonguing my wet slit from behind. He moaned deeply as I held him deep in my hot throat.
My whole body tingled, spears of sexual pleasure shooting up my spine from Bills oral stimulation.
Angel started to withdraw just as I realized I could hold my breath no longer. Both cocks popped from our mouths and we said, "Awwwwww." In unison sucking in oxygen as soon as we could. Long strings of hot saliva extending from our watering mouths back to our lover's cock heads.
In unison the incredible cock sucking porn star and I descended once again over our men's throbbing members. The camera zoomed in for a tight close up of Franks cock slipping between her lips. My mouth engulfed Bill's cock as I watched inch after throbbing inch disappear into her willing throat.
Angel withdrew and spoke, "You're leading me straight to hell baby."
I on the other hand told Bill, "Your cock has me in oral heaven baby." I heard Bill giggle when he heard what I said.
Frank meanwhile was happily eating Jennifer's sweet pussy and fingering Angel's.
He spoke, "I want to fuck this heavenly pussy."
As Angel gave him what he begged for sliding down to mount his huge cock, I followed suit, moving down over Bills body to sit on him facing away from him but still studying the action showing on the TV before me.
Bills hands slid down and cupped my ass as I began riding his incredibly hard erection. My pussy came alive as I rode his pulsing cock. Angel's pussy stretched open to accept the more mammoth offering her lover gave her but we both were enjoying having these glorious cocks stuffed in our slits.
Both men lay still, while their lovers humped up and down on their beautiful cocks. Angel reached down and cupped Frank's balls. Squeezing them and lifting them up. My delicate fingers follow her instructions and Bills balls twitched as I gathered them up in my soft hand.
My entire body was now on fire. I wanted to move with the same pace of the porn stars, but my lust for pleasure my incredible craving to climax began taking control of my actions more then the images being acted out of the TV screen. I placed my hands flat on Bills knees and began humping his incredible cock meat faster, slamming my wet swollen pussy down over him harder and harder with each descent.
"Bill your cock is so fucking hot baby." I squealed.
"Hot for your sweet wet pussy Gen." He said from behind. Bill reached up and grasped my tits pulling me back on him and driving his throbbing cock deep inside me. I could do little more than thrust my hips forward grinding my pussy on the entire length of his swelling cock. From this position my g-spot was constantly rubbing against the head of his cock. Swirl after incredible swirl of sexual pleasure spread from my loins, consuming me and Bill in sweet sensual bliss.
"Oh god Bill it feels so fucking good, I love how you fuck me baby." I screamed.
Angel meanwhile was bouncing up and down on Franks cock, her tits, those full luscious tits bouncing as much as the rest of her body.
Bills cock began to swell to orgasmic size and I felt his cock meat fill me totally.
"Cum for me baby, give me that sweet cock juice!" I said.
I ground my pussy harder on him and my pussy exploded, my own orgasm had crept up on me without warning crashing over me like a sexual tsunami. Every muscle in my body tensed as wave after incredible orgasmic wave washed through me.
"Oh God Bill, I'm cuming." I screamed as my pussy flooded with fluids. His cock surrounded in searing pussy juice.
Bill let a deep throaty groan escape his throat before he exclaimed, "Yeah baby that's it I'm cuming with you Gen."
As I looked up Angel had pulled Frank's cock from inside her and he was shooting his wad all over her belly and tits as she stroked him feverishly during his orgasm.
I had promised Bill I'd do what ever Angel did, so I lifted off his pulsing cock and grabbed it just as his first explosion of cum shot out. It landed squarely between my tits, searing my already quivering flesh with its heat. My delicate fingers stroked him as each successive squirt of cum landed a little lower then the one before. His cock oozed cum all over my hand running down across my knuckles and through my fist.
"God Gen that feels so fucking good, keep stroking me." Bill begged.
By this time Angel had released Franks oozing cock letting its hard length rest against her belly as she smeared his thick cream over her tits.
I waited till I was certain Bill's climax had subsided before I also smeared his cum across my tits and belly. I slid off him allowing him to watch Angel as she massaged Frank's load into the soft flesh of her tits.
Bill said, "Oh I see now why you pulled me out and stroked my cock as I came baby." Angel lifted her cum soaked hand above her mouth and let a thick wad of Frank's cum run off her palm dripping it onto her tongue. She lowered her hand to her lips and licked the rest of his load from her hand.
Bill turned his eyes to watch me follow suit, letting his sweet tasting cum drip off my hand and into my mouth. I reached over and took his softening cock in my hand and collect what remaining cum I could from him licking and sucking that into my mouth and swallowing it like the best tasting cocktail I'd ever had.
Bill lifted himself up to lean against the sofa and I snuggled in next to him to watch the rest of the movie. The bi-sexual scene with Angel and Jennifer was very erotic, close up images of each woman kissing licking and sucking each others tits, nipples and wet pussies.
During a short scene where Jennifer was sucking Angel's tits Bill said, "She does have very nice tits." She did have beautiful tits, her lush breasts creamy white with darker areola's and very hard perfectly shaped nipples that extended a full quarter inch away from her tits.
"Would you like if my tits were that size baby." I asked.
Bill looked at me and smiled before he asked, "Would you consider implant surgery Gen?"
"If it would please you for my tits to be bigger Bill, yes I'd look into it. I replied.
Bill rolled to his side to look me directly in the eyes. With a most serious expression on his face he said, "Genevieve don't you ever consider that. Your breasts are absolutely perfect. I love their size, shape and feel. I love how your nipples react to my touch. To risk surgery, and have a foreign object placed inside just to have a D cup instead of the perfect C cup that you are now would be sacrilege."
"Besides, I've seen Angel in movies from earlier in her porn career and her tits were better before she had implants inserted. They would more lush and pliable before, probably a perfect C cup just like you, now they almost look like twin basket balls mounted on her chest. They are too hard to look natural and they can't feel this good." Bill added as he cupped one of my tits softly in his hand.
His compliment made me feel wonderful inside, by telling me never to consider implants he had confirmed that he was totally satisfied with my body. I reached for his face, cupping his cheek in my soft palm my eyes fixed on his I whispered, "Bill you've made me so incredibly happy. Since your phone call Friday evening I've thought of nothing but us baby. I want you to understand something babe, I'm happy being your discreet mistress, totally at ease with being the other woman in your life."
He smiled and pressed his cheek firmer into my hand. "You rescued me Friday night babe, until you called I was almost resigned to being a filthy cum slut. I was resigned to being used by every man I'd meet, used for their own pleasures, coated with their seed and toss out like a used tissue." I whispered.
"I promise you this Gen, I'll never make you feel that way. There may be times when, because our relationship must be discreet that, you may feel I'm neglecting you're needs or feelings. But I want you to understand that my heart and soul is with you Gen. I want you to feel that Tess is the other woman in my life not you, because I'll always want to be here with you."
Bill continued, "Genevieve, you're the woman in my life that excites me. You're the woman who's every thought word and action seduces me. You're the only woman I want or need."
His words warmed my heart and soul, he was the first man to ever tell me that he needed me. I lifted his hand to my lips and kissed his palm very tenderly.
"Bill there's something else I want you to understand." I said.
He replied, "Yes baby, what's that.
I continued, "Before my transformation what little sex life I had was so boring and mundane. The few men I'd had relationships always seemed to be more interested in getting to the act of intercourse, and cuming as quick as possible. But as I matured my fantasies developed into what I felt were quite kinky ideas about sex. I never would have lived out those fantasies until I finally decided that I would change."
"Gen, our sex lives have paralleled each others. I too developed what I assumed were rather kinky fantasies but Tess would never agree to letting me live them out. I suppose, no I'm sure that was what attracted me to you most after your weekend in New York." Bill said.
I replied, "So we are on the same page sexually. I may suggest some pretty wild stuff Bill, and I want you to do the same. Let's try to keep our affair as exciting and fresh as possible. We'll need to be as careful as we've been, but once the door closes we should both feel free to let loose and do what ever comes to mind."
"That Genevieve you can count on!" My wonderful discreet lover replied.
As we finished our conversation about where we both wanted our tryst to go, Angel was in the throws of satisfying God with her newly discovered oral talents. He knelt between his legs his rock hard erection sliding in and out of her wet lustful mouth and throat over and over again. Her torn and tattered angel wings hanging loosely at her back. The camera zoomed in as Peter Westwad as "God" exploded in her face. His first thick gooey shot of cum landing near her hairline and extending down over her forehead, the bridge of her nose and onto her upper lip and extended tongue. Angel gobbled up every successive wad that shot from his cock gleefully swallowing his seed and sucking at him for more. As she smeared his goo across her smiling lips and chin the camera panned up to show Peter's face, he'd sprouted devils horns on either side of his forehead. He grinned devilishly as the words "The End" came up on the screen.
"So what did you think of your first porn movie Gen?" Bill asked.
I replied, "I loved it baby, feel free to bring any from your collection over for us to watch."
Bill grinned at me and said, "Gen every one of the women in porn today are two dimensional I prefer the three dimensional seductress who's come into my life. I seriously doubt that I'll have any need to buy another porn movie."
Smiling widely at him I said, "I love being your seductress baby, I love being your discreet mistress, love being your sexual concubine. Everything about you excites me Bill, including the fact that we have to steal our time together. I honestly feel that fact will heighten the lust and passion we have for one another."
"Baby, I couldn't agree more." Bill replied.
Bill looked at the mantle clock above my fireplace. It was almost 5:30. I knew he'd have to leave in the next hour if he wanted to be a Logan when Tess' flight got in.
"You should shower baby, we wouldn't want her catching a whiff of my perfume now would we." I suggested.
He replied, "That wouldn't be good baby, but I wish I could bottle that sweet scent so I could savor you smell when ever I wanted to."
"Come by my office first thing Monday morning babe, I'll rub my neck against you so you can carry it with you all day." I said.
He smiled and said, "Count on it babe."
He kissed me passionately before he got up and headed for my bathroom to shower. While Bill showered I straighten up the living room and slipped into my bath robe. I planned on showering later wanting the odor of his cum and his smell to linger on my body as long as possible.
As he prepared to leave Bill kissed me softly on the lips and stroked my cheek with the back of his hand. "Gen I know this moment is always going to be the hardest for us. After I'm gone I want you to know you will always be on my mind, in my thoughts and warming my heart. I hope that knowledge will get you and I through until we can again be together.
I almost told him I loved him, but kept the words bottled up inside for now. Bill slipped out of my flat and left me alone with the knowledge that he would always want and need me. Knowledge that he unknowing used to seal the bottomless sexual barrel he'd helped me crawl from into the brilliant light of a truly meaningful relationship.
To be continued...