This story was written for someone. For them to masturbate to. It combines some of our experiences and our fantasies. There are few descriptions of those involved, so you can more easily place yourself and/or your partner in the scene. Now we want others to masturbate to it too. We hope you enjoy it, and do let us know if it gives you pleasure.
On Our Way -- Mile High Margarita
We meet at the lounge at the airport. You look stunning, and I immediately want to whisk you off to the toilet to ravish you. We have to settle for kissing and a few glasses of white wine. My fingers trace the hem of your skirt, and I absentmindedly move up to your arse. You nod your head when I realise you're not wearing knickers, and, for what will be the first of many times, I feel my cock stir in my pants. The time in the lounge passes quickly, and we steadily become merrier. Gazing into each other's eyes. We get so distracted we almost miss the switch to boarding for our flight on the TV screen.
We rushed through the airport and made it on time, but only just. They call us to board, and and we make our way to our business class seats. We're in the centre aisle with a partition between us that goes up and down. We order a glass of champagne each and then tell the crew that we're likely to nap on the flight, so we don't require any service. We soon get up to cruising altitude, and I notice you look uncomfortable in your seat. "You ok?" I ask, "could you do with a massage?"
You look at me with your big, beautiful eyes. "Hmmmmm." We put the partition down, and I rubbed some of the fragranced creams waiting for us on our seats into my hands. I roll your top down to reveal your shoulders and apply more cream. I start to slowly and gently massage all around your neck and shoulders. As you begin to relax, I go harder, really starting to knead your muscles. You lean further against me, and I kiss your neck and ear lobe. You moan gently as I rain down small, gentle kisses on your skin.
I continue to massage you with my hands, now exploring the front of your body as well. I rub one hand right across your chest, and my fingertips graze against a nipple. I take it between my thumb and forefinger and pull hard. I apply more cream and go back to massaging you, this time paying a lot more attention to your breasts. I stroke the sides, cup them, rub the cream all along the underside, and then tease around your nipples. Every time I feel them stiffen, I tweak them again, making them harder still. Before long, I'm almost exclusively playing with your nipples, running my fingers around them, and then rolling them between my digits. Applying just the right amount of pressure.
You're smiling for the first time since the big grin you gave me when you first saw me. Seeing you light up like that turns me on so much. You lean back more, and your elbow and arm knock against the bulge in my trousers. You ask me to slide down in my chair, so you're able to get your hand into my pants. I let out a small gasp as you unbutton my flies, allowing my cock to unfurl, and then you expertly start to give me a massage of my own. As you stroke, the blood pumps to my cock and swells larger in your hand.
We continue to play, you deftly stroking my cock while I tease your nipples and kiss your neck. I suck long and hard on one of your earlobes, and you can feel the pre-cum on your hand as it builds up at the head of my cock. "Let's go to the toilet," I whisper.
You go first, and then I quickly follow, careful to ensure the crew doesn't spot us. I rip at your clothes, tearing them off in seconds and start to suck hungrily at your nipples. You push me away and pull down my jeans. My cock springs to attention, and you immediately slide it into your mouth. I groan as I feel you take my entire length and stroke my balls. "Enough," I yelp as I forcefully lift you to your feet. I turn you around, your sexy arse pushed hard against my body. I reach down my hand between your legs and feel the delightful wetness of your pussy.
I bend you over, and before you know it, my cock is deep inside you. My hands grip your hips as I start to thrust inside you. Pulling out right to the tip before driving inside you again. My eyes lock on to yours in the mirror, and I give you a hard spank on your ass. "Fuck, how I've missed this, my dirty little slut," I moan. I start to fuck you harder and faster. The slaps of my hand are in perfect unison with my balls slapping against your pussy. You can feel me inside you, my cock pushing against your g spot, pleasure coursing through your body in waves. My pace increases. "Oh baby, I'm cumming!" My hands grip your hips harder, and in three quick thrusts, you feel me explode inside you. Your own orgasm hits, clamping your tight pussy around my cock.
We dress as quickly and quietly as we can and make our way back to our seats. We keep our heads down but can't help but catch the eye of another couple, and they give us a wink. We snuggle up in our seats, and we're both fast asleep when we touch down at our tropical destination.
Our driver from the hotel picks us up at the airport. He has a cool box with some snacks and more champagne to keep us entertained on the hilly passes up to the hotel. By the time we arrive, we're feeling refreshed, if a little drunk again. We are escorted to our suite with panoramic views down to the ocean. We have our own balcony with a splash pool/jacuzzi, and the views are stunning. We picked the hotel for its combination of private beaches, forest-covered walkways, and large pools. We unpack and lie down on the four-poster bed. You fold up into my arms, your head snuggled on my chest, both sure we're going to have an amazing holiday.
Day One -- Pornstar Martini
The first day, we barely left our hotel room. All food is room service, and a steady stream of bottles of champagne is being brought to our boudoir. After breakfast, I lay you face down on the bed, a pillow below you so your arse is raised towards me. I then secure each of your limbs to the four-poster bed, leaving you helpless. Finally, I blindfold you. I'm to your side, stroking and massaging your neck, shoulders and back. My hands work lower and lower until I reach the curve of your arse. Then...
Smack! My hand reverberates against your arse cheek. Smack! Again. Then I lean down and smother your arse with kisses. Then smack! My hand comes down hard again. I move again, and you're never quite sure where the next contact will come from or what it will entail. I start to kiss you again, and my tongue slides down towards your pussy. I move myself between your legs, and my tongue gets to work. I raise your arse a little higher, and the tip of my tongue presses against your clit. I run it across the length of your pussy, feeling and tasting how wet you are before diving as deep as I can go. I continue to lick. Teasing. Circling. Higher and lower. I lick your pussy and arse as I hear you moaning and getting more and more wet. You and my tongue are drenched. I slowly slip my first finger inside your arse. I feel you tighten around me, and you moan.
We have brought an array of our favourite toys with us, and I reach over and select the butt plug. I slowly circle your arsehole with it. I gently push it inside you. Moving it deeper inside you. I feel you push and writhe against me. Smack! My hand comes down again. And again. And again. Before more kisses, soothing the redness.
I lift your arse up and position myself behind you again. I slide my cock into your pussy, and my hands grip your hips. I pull you harder towards me as I push inside you. Smack! My hand comes down again as I quicken the pace. You can feel me, and the butt plug deep inside you. The pace quickens, both the thrusting and the smacks. An orgasm starts to rise in both of us. My arm reaches out and grabs your hair. Pulling your head back towards me, waves of pleasure course through our bodies. You cum all over the pillow beneath you.
I untie you, and you get to your feet on unsteady legs. I pick up the pillow and inhale deeply, savouring your scent. We stumble out onto the balcony, my cum still seeping down your leg, and we relax in the hot tub. Our champagne is refilled as we enjoy the warm sun beating down on our naked bodies. You straddle me as I sit in the tub, and we passionately kiss. My hands run down the length of your back, and my fingers stroke you just at the top of your arse. You slowly start to grind against me, picking up the pace when you can feel the rush of blood reaction you were aiming for. You lean back, and I take the opportunity to suck on your nipples. I take one into my mouth, rolling my tongue around it, before gently biting you. So it does not feel left out, my other hand is teasing and squeezing your other nipple.
You have an idea, and you whisper in my ear before leading me out of the jacuzzi. As you stand and lift your leg up to the edge of the tub, you reveal your pussy to me, and I cannot contain myself. I grab your leg, stopping you in your tracks, and lift my mouth to your cunt. The mix of your wetness, our prior sex, and the oil in the jacuzzi is intoxicating, and I hungrily devour you. You bend double, enjoying me pulling you apart and putting my tongue as deep inside of you as I can, but you regain your composure. You keep moving and pull me with you.
You walk to the balcony and admire the view. You bend right over, watching the people walk past just a few storeys below. You look amazing as your full breasts dangle down, your hair trailing alongside them. I drop to my knees and begin to lick again, this time giving your arsehole my full attention. I plunge my tongue into you to lick and tease you. You let out a moan so loud it echoes throughout the hotel complex. I stand up, and my cock is ready for action once more. I glide inside your tight pussy. Your hands grip the balcony railing as your knuckles turn white. The pleasure is exquisite. I fuck you languidly, taking my time, using the full length of my cock.
You look over and see another couple admiring us on a balcony across from us. It is initially hard to make out, but they both appear to be masturbating as they watch me take you from behind. I see you staring at them, knowing this must be turning you on. I begin to up my pace. I wrap my hand in your hair as I pull you back, ensuring the couple have a perfect view of your magnificent breasts. They react, increasing the speed of their masturbation and exchanging looks with each other.
The noises coming from you are incredible at this point, entirely in the throes of passion, enjoying every thrust and drive from my cock. It feels so deep inside you. Our bodies are moving in unison as you push back from the railings with every lunge forward by me. I still have a firm grip of your hair and pull you back towards me. I alternate between spanking you and teasing your arsehole. You feel like I could make you do anything. It's a powerful feeling of euphoria.
The other couple are fucking now. They cannot take their eyes off us, trying to mimic our every move. We fuck faster and faster. The pleasure levels feel like they have peaked and then only seem to rise again. "You're going to fucking make me cum again," I shout as I feel my orgasm blossom. This takes you over the edge, and I feel you are getting wetter than ever. It's too much for me, and my cum fills you, shooting deep inside your pussy. The sound of your orgasm reverberates around the courtyard, and we fall back into the loungers behind us. In a state of bliss, we hold each other to the sound of what seems like applause ringing in our ears.
Day Two -- Malibu Massage
The next day, we walk into the spa, and the smell of coconut and perfume hits us as we enter the oak-panelled reception area. A small water feature in the corner is a waterfall on hot rocks, making a comforting sizzling noise. It's the kind of place that relaxes you the instant you walk in. We are shown into the changing area and asked to put on some of their underwear and huge white robes. You giggle as I squeeze into these white briefs that struggle to hold my cock and balls. We wrap the robes around us. They've been heated, and it feels like a warm embrace. We step into the massage room and sit down on the beds.
Two masseurs walk in and smile at us. They ask us to sit on the benches facing each other, and they take the robes off us. They stand behind us, and the massage begins with our heads. Their fingers move through our hair and skulls, and the sensation spreads to the rest of our bodies. After five minutes, they move down to our necks, rubbing oil into our skin. They knead our muscles, and any remaining stress of our trip soon melts away. We keep eye contact throughout, getting lost in each other's eyes. They move down our arms to each hand, gently massage each finger, pulling each one from base to tip. We share a smile and nod as it feels like small electric bolts going through our bodies.
They ask us to lie down on our backs, and they continue to massage us. It's Swedish style and they start on our legs and work up. Their fingers feel light as they move from the calves to our thighs. They use force when needed, as if every tight muscle was a puzzle to be unlocked. They work further up, massaging our hips and stomach. Further still and across our chests. They are careful not to touch any sensitive areas. Torsos, necks, arms, and hands again, they continue to work their magic. As the world drifts away, they ask us to turn over and lie on our fronts.
The back massage starts with much more pressure, hard chops and deep presses, freeing all that tension from our bodies. Then, it's back to the gentle, deeply soothing style. You are in heaven, a perfect state of bliss, oblivious to the world. I look across and note your state of relaxation. I glance up at the masseurs and give them the pre-agreed signal. I get up and move to where your masseur is standing. Seamlessly, I continue their action as they leave the room in complete silence.
I carry on with the massage, but each time I get close to an erogenous area, I am more adventurous than they would ever be. I stroke the sides of your breasts; I let my hands go to the top of your thighs and brush against your pussy. Each time I do more and more, finally running my finger across your slit. You are incredibly wet. I get on the massage bed and move up to your ass. I lift your hips, and you instinctively reveal yourself to me. I part your cheeks and begin to lick. The oil from the massage has seeped down into every crack. My tongue explores your ass and pussy, licking round and down, teasing you and then licking hard, mixing it up, maximising your pleasure.
My erection is raging now. It has ripped through the underwear they provided, and I throw them to the floor. I lift your hips again and then spread your legs wide. I hold my cock next to your pussy until you can take no more, and then I thrust inside your wetness. You can feel my weight on top of you, my cock deep inside you. It feels so good. I kiss your neck, then pull your head up by your hair to kiss your mouth. My cock still pounding deep inside you. You start to orgasm. Your body bucks. Your pussy tightens around my cock, and your moans fill the room. That's when my orgasm hits. I pull out and cum all over your arse. I finish the massage, kneading my cum into you, and we head to the shower to clean up.
Day Three -- April Shower
We wake up in the morning with the warm comfort of being next to each other's naked bodies. Our hotel has a huge bed, but we have constant skin-to-skin contact. After a good 30 minutes of kisses and cuddles underneath the sheets, we get up and go have a shower. It's a big overhead rainfall type with a second, separate shower head on a short hose. The room has fantastic toiletries and a couple of big loofahs to scrub with. We soap up each other's bodies, taking turns to clean the other's back. Our bodies gleam and bubble as we rub every part of each other.
It doesn't take long for my cock to stiffen, so you begin to pay it more attention, applying lots of soap to my shaft and balls and then teasing me with long slow strokes. The water rushes down us as you start to pump harder, and my cock enlarges to its full length. You fall to your knees and run your tongue along my cock. I let out a little moan as you wrap your lips around me. With your hands at the base of my cock, you move your head towards me, pushing me deeper inside you. You start to stroke my cock, your hand coming to meet your head every time you bob your head. You increase the pace as you cup my balls with your other hand. The pleasure is exquisite as I feel your tongue against the base of my cock.
My hands reach down and take a grip of your hair. I guide your head up and down my cock. Moving you faster and faster as you wank me harder. Your hands squeeze my balls, my breath becomes ragged, and the pleasure becomes too much for me. "Oh, baby, I'm cumming!" I yell, and I ejaculate into your mouth. My legs wobble as the orgasm rolls around my body, but I have the strength to lift you up and kiss you deeply, my tongue entwined with yours. "Now it's your turn," I chuckle.
I ask you to turn around, put your arms against the wall and spread your legs like you're about to be frisked. I kneel behind you and kiss each of your arse cheeks. The water runs down your body, and I slowly pull your ass apart. I move my head in closer and push my tongue inside your pussy. Even with the water running down, I can still taste your sweetness, and I hungrily lick in search of more. My tongue probing as deep inside your cunt as I can.
I continue to lick and tease. My tongue moves up to your arse. First flicking around the outside before running across your tight pink hole. I lick harder, the flat of my tongue going across your ass as my fingers reach up to play with your clit, circling and applying pressure. I spin you around and push two fingers inside you. I take the shower head and apply the massaging spray to your clit. My fingers slide in and out of you quickly, pushing deeper and harder. I curl my fingers and pick up the pace. My fingers vigorously pumping in and out. The orgasm builds inside you and then explodes. I drop the shower head and put my mouth to your pussy as you ejaculate. I can't get enough as your juices squirt into my mouth.
We return to the bedroom, the fluffy white hotel towels in hand. I kneel in front of you as if worshipping my goddess. I start to pad dry your warm, damp skin, which is still tingling from your orgasm. I give attention to every inch of your skin as I slowly towel you off. I feel your nipples harden again as my fingers find them through the cotton.
Once you're dry, I push you back onto the bed. I reach for the body lotion and apply it to your soft skin. Starting with your feet, I use the lotion and work up your body. I caress your feet and then move up and knead your calves. A gentle moan escapes your lips and your legs part. My eyes are transfixed by your clean-shaven pussy.
I grab more lotion and work higher. Long, firm strokes, pushing up from your knee to your upper thigh. At the top, I flourish, and the tips of my fingers just graze your pussy. Just the faintest of touches, but you can already feel another orgasm rising inside you. I continue to work your inner thighs, combining firm strokes with gentle fingertips. I can visibly see you get wet, and I start to stroke my cock as I watch you. With my other hand, I rest my thumb on your clit. Just a touch at first, and as soon as I start to circle you, another orgasm shudders through your body. I lean down and give your pussy a lingering kiss, tasting your cum.
Day Four -- Here Comes the Sun
We walk beneath a canopy of trees down a small track that leads to the beach. Hand in hand, we go, stopping occasionally when we glimpse a view, lingering for a long kiss each time. Your body feels warm against mine, and my hands follow your curves as our tongues tangle. I give your arse a quick tap with my hand each time as we move on.
The path opens out onto a vast beach with glorious white sand. A hotel staff member smiles and hands us a couple of towels. We wander past the neat rows of loungers, half taken up by browning bodies in various states of undress. The beach unfolds before us, and we step down to the ocean. We walk along at the point where the sea meets the sand, the cool, calm waves lapping against our feet.
We see some sand dunes up ahead, and, with a smile to each other, we head off in their direction. We find the perfect spot where two grass-topped dunes form a private cove, a perfect sun trap in which water occasionally finds its way. We lay the towels down and strip down to our swimwear. We take turns applying the sunscreen, squirting the cream on our bodies, and slowly massaging it into the skin. I start on your back and work my way down to your legs. I do each leg in turn and slow the movement of my hands each time I reach the top of your thighs. My fingers are close but never quite touch your sex. The same goes when I apply to your tits. I rub around your breasts, careful never to touch your nipples.
When we're fully covered in cream and oil, we lay on our backs and take in the rays. After 30 minutes of baking in the sun, I can't take it anymore. "I don't know about you, but I really want to work on my white bits," I say as I whip off my shorts. "I'm pretty sure no one can see us here." You follow suit, and within moments, we're both completely naked on the beach.
Another 30 minutes pass, and I sneak a look over at you. Your eyes are closed, and you look so beautiful. My eyes follow the contours of your body, taking in every bit of you. I feel a tell-tale twitch below, and I instinctively reach down between my legs. I feel warm from the sun, and I respond at once to the touch of my hand. I can't help myself now as my lust takes over, wanking my cock, oblivious to my surroundings. Suddenly, I see you smiling as you watch my arm pump up and down.
"I think it's time we reapplied your sunscreen, miss!" I laugh as I get up and move on top of you. I sit down on your hips, and you feel my balls rest just above your clit. I continue to stroke my cock, my hips grinding against yours. My hand moves faster as I see you watching me, your eyes hungrily on my throbbing cock. The tide comes up to our cove and gently breaks against your feet. I start to orgasm, and my cum jets across your body, covering your stomach and breasts. I lean back in pleasure and then begin to massage my cum into your body.
When I'm done, I kiss you on the mouth deeply, then keep kissing you, moving lower. Kissing your breasts, sucking your nipples, running my tongue down your stomach. I make it to your pussy and gently kiss up and down your thighs, everywhere but your clit and slit.
Frustrated, you leap up and wrestle me on my back. You move your hips up and down onto my face. My tongue is deep inside you, licking you like my life depends upon it. I greedily suck on your clit and taste your juices. You keep on moving your hips, causing pressure on your clit, and moving my tongue deeper into your pussy. You taste so good that I can feel myself starting to harden again. Your hips buck faster, and I feel your pussy get wetter than I've ever felt it before. My hands reach up to your arse, and I gently tease it with my fingertips. You cum so hard that for a moment, I can barely breathe, and I think I might die in ecstasy.
You roll off me, and we embrace, cuddling together in our tranquil idyl. The warm glow of incredible orgasms fills our sun-kissed bodies.
Day Five -- Slippery Nipple
"I have a surprise gift for you back in the room," I whisper. We have spent the day on a trek, and you can tell I've been excited and distracted by something. For my part, I can't quite believe I've lasted this long without giving it to you.
We make it to the room, and I pull out an oblong box wrapped in pink paper. You sit on the bed and carefully start peeling off the wrapping. Your fingers nimbly work on the folds and tape. "It's for us to use this evening," I wink. The final bit of paper falls away, and your eyes widen as it reveals a small love egg complete with the remote-control device. I grin: "I'd like you to wear it to dinner. Here, let's try it out."
I gently push you back into the bed and slowly roll down your knickers. I start to kiss your bald pussy, my tongue darting out between my lips. I run my tongue up and down your labia. I feel you begin to get wet, and I give you a long, deep lick. Your pussy tastes incredible, and I savour your sweetness on my lips. I bring my hand up and tease you with my fingers. I slide one in, followed by a second, and penetrate you deep inside. I curl my fingers, hitting your special spot, and roll them in and out of you. Slowly at first, then picking up pace. I suck your clit into my mouth as my fingers move in and out of you. You start to moan as I bring you to the brink. I gaze up into your eyes, take the love egg in my other hand, and swap it for where my fingers were. I give your pussy a quick slap, "right, go have a shower. It'll be quicker if we do it separately this time as I'm starving, and I can't spend the whole night eating you, can I?"
You go off to the shower, and I lean back on the bed, enjoying the satisfaction of the moment. I can still taste you, bringing back memories of all our recent sexual encounters. I reach out to my side and pick up the remote control. It's a discreet black device that could easily be mistaken for a typical key chain. It has a small slider with three different speed settings. I push it to its highest setting and hear a squeal from the shower. "Oh, this is going to be fun," I think.
After a spank on your arse, as I pass you into the shower, we're both refreshed and dressed for dinner. It's a huge buffet spread with three different salad bars, an array of seafood, and a selection of hot dishes from all over the world. We pick out a discreet booth in the corner, sit next to each other, and go to select our food. I grab the salad closest to me and head back to our table. I watch you wander around one of the salad bars, plate in hand, in a tight-fitting dress. You look amazing. I flick the switch to its lowest setting. You stop dead in your tracks and look over to me, which I return with a wicked smile and flick the switch to the middle setting. You clench your legs together and try to focus on choosing your food.
I tease you with the first and second settings throughout the dinner, both at our table and standing at the buffet table. I can always sense when you enjoy it too much and quickly turn it off. You go up for dessert, and as you pick up some fruit, I turn it on to the highest setting, taking you by surprise. There's a loud crash as the plate and fruit drop back to the table. You stare at me and then grab a pot of chocolate mousse. You pull me by my shirt, the egg still buzzing inside you, and lead me off towards the toilets.
We find the nearest one and lock ourselves in a cubicle. You roughly unzip my trousers and yank them down to my knees. My rock-hard cock springs forth. You pull the straps of your dress down and smear the mousse on your breasts. I push you backwards and hungrily lick it off, your nipples hardening in my mouth. I lean back, and you run your hands down my body before taking my cock, putting it between your breasts, and squeezing hard. You wank me with those beautiful breasts of yours, and you feel me stiffen again. You lean forward and take my entire length into your mouth and suck hard on my dick.
The remnants of the mousse fall to the ground as you smear it on me with your hands. You swiftly move your head and hands, and my body slams back against the cubicle door. Your hand explores my balls, cupping them, squeezing them, rolling them about between your fingers. My cock begins to twitch, and your head moves faster. Both my hands move to the back of your head, and my pelvis thrust forward, fucking your mouth. You feel the warm shots of my cum hit the back of your mouth, and I scream out in pleasure.
I kiss you deeply, our tongues exploring each other. I lick the final bit of chocolate mousse from your body, which lingers on your nipples, gently biting on them as I finish up. We clean up as best we can and return to our room for well-earned rest.
Day Six -- Sex on the Beach
We enjoyed our day at the beach so much that we decided to return, and once more, our little cove was deserted. This time, we go straight to sunbathing naked. We apply the sun cream and then lie back on our towels. Your arm is draped across my body, your hand gently holding my penis. After all our nocturnal adventures in bed, it's not long before we drift off into a peaceful daytime nap. We wake from our slumber and notice we've attracted something of an audience, with two guys having opted for the top of the dunes on either side as their sunbathing spots. Judging by the size of their bulges, they certainly enjoyed their view. We give them a quick wave, hurriedly put our swimming gear back on, and decide to go into the ocean.
We stride out into the waves. The cool water crashes against us and causes pimples to rise up on our skin. We swim and dive, submerging ourselves in the ocean. We find a small sand bank a short stone's throw from the shore, almost central to the beach, looking back towards the loungers and restaurant. The sand bank allows us to stand with the water up to your chest. We embrace as we stand in the ocean, the sun bouncing back up at us from the water. Our hands explore each other's bodies, and I unclip your bikini top to release your magnificent breasts. I cup them and roll your nipples between my fingers. I take one into my mouth, the taste of your skin mixing with the saltiness of the sea.
We continue to fool around in the ocean. I stand behind you as we look back towards the beach, milling with people. We're far enough out that no one can tell what we're doing. My hand slips down your body and across your smooth pussy. I find your clit and start to circle it with my fingers, feeling it grow as you become more aroused. My fingers slip into you easily, deep beneath the water. My cock is hard, and you turn around and part your legs to allow me to enter. I lift you up, and you wrap your legs around me as you slide onto me. We stand there together for a few moments, barely moving besides the tide's motion, me inside you, watching the world go by.
Sex in the ocean is unsatisfying, so we swim back to our sanctuary between the dunes, which, luckily, is now free of our guests. We straighten the towels and strip naked. One sight of your beautiful body, and I'm hard again. You go down on all fours, and I position myself behind you. I tease your pussy with the end of my cock, pushing in just the tip, feeling how wet you are. I will continue to toy with you before finally pushing in deep. I grab your hair, pulling you back with every thrust forward. I love to watch your breasts sway as I move inside you.
I give you two hard slaps and fuck you harder, your head straining against my grip on your hair. I twist it tighter around my hand. I move my finger to your arse and tease you. I then push inside you to the knuckle. You moan with pleasure as we both buck harder. I feel your pussy tighten, and my cock can take no more. I let out a loud groan followed by a deep sigh as I spill my cum inside you. Your body quivers as our mutual orgasm radiates from your pussy.
Exhausted, we collapse back down on the towels with a massive smile. Our bodies entwine. Our cum combines as it seeps onto our legs. We soon return to our blissful state of slumber.
Day Seven -- Swimming Pool
We can't believe it's our last full day on the island. It's been a trip so complete with exploration and pleasure that we're both sad a little sad that it's coming to an end. We make the most of the rest of the amenities, including having another massage in our room that results in even more orgasms. After a light lunch, we head down to the pool to have a few cocktails and enjoy a peaceful end to our stay.
There are several pools at the hotel. There is a kid's pool with slides and activities, and importantly, one that is declared 'adults only'. We find a couple of sun loungers in a quiet spot between the pool and the bar. One of the attendants is quick to come and serve us, and it's not long before we've probably had one cocktail too many. We are a little giggly, laughing and joking. We attempt to get on the same lounger, our bodies wrapped around each other. My cock twitches, causing you to move your arse against me, to which I thrust back against you. It's not long before we both end up on the floor laughing. We sign off the drinks to the room, move the two loungers together, and relax. The sun sets, and only a few couples remain around the pool. I gaze across at you and feel that old feeling of lust. My cock stirs again in my shorts.
I reach across to you and stroke your face, pushing your hair back behind your ear. My fingers trace down your body, following the curve of your neck and shoulders. I stroke the side of your breasts and then cup them. My thumb flicks over your nipple, and it hardens instantly. I continue my journey south to your hips. I move round to your arse and squeeze. I slide a finger under the bikini strap and then to your bald mound, quickly finding your clit. I slowly start to rub, slipping down to feel how wet you are.
I remove my hand and then pull your bikini bottoms to one side so I can penetrate you. Two fingers slide in easily, and I pull them back to my mouth and suck them, keeping eye contact with you. I return my hand to your slick, wet pussy, still lying exposed with your bikini to the side. I squeeze three fingers in, then four: your eyes widen. Your breathing becomes heavy as my fingers push more deeply, and you bite your lip to repress a moan. I apply pressure to your clit with my thumb. My cock is straining at my shorts.
"Erm, I think I need to cool off a little. You fancy joining me for a quick swim?" The walk to the pool is awkward as there is nothing I can do to hide my erection, and we notice a few glances. We jump into the pool and do a few quick lengths. As you approach one end, I dive and grab one of your legs, pulling you down under the water with me. We kiss beneath the surface and only come up when we both need to breathe. The pool is quiet, and the sun has almost set, casting a long, dark shadow across the pool. We're in a corner, you behind me with your back to the wall, and one of the small jets of water shooting out between your legs. You start to wriggle, positioning yourself to where the feeling is exquisite, and you unconsciously let out a small moan. "Oh, sounds like someone's having fun!"
You reach a hand around me and cup my cock and balls, which immediately reacts to your attention. I push my shorts down to around my knees to give you better access. You begin to pump up and down on my erection, causing small waves to emanate from us. Even under the water, you can feel the sticky pre-cum build at the head of my cock. You kiss my neck as you jack my cock faster than it ever has been before, almost creating small tidal waves crashing across the pool.
I turn around to face you. We kiss, and you can feel my hard cock standing to attention between us. I turn you around and pull your bikini bottoms down. My cock is now resting on your arse, and I position you right in front of the jet as my hand reaches round to your clit. The cool water beats against you, and you let out a gasp as I play with your pussy, pulling the skin back to expose your clit even more to the jets rushing against you. I carry on circling with my fingers as the pleasure from the water spreads through you.
You keep on pushing your arse against me, so I use my other hand to re-position my cock, and it slides into your pussy easily. The twin pleasures of the water against your clit and my cock deep against your g spot fill your body. You keep grinding against me as I thrust back and forward. I move my thumb to your ass, circling around it before slowly pushing into you as deep as I can. The triple delight of the water, my cock, and my thumb bring you to a state of ecstasy. What had once been small tidal waves are now a tsunami, and the cacophony of our orgasms is drowned out by the crashing of our waves.
Completely spent, we grab our things from the lounger and head up the long, winding path back up the hotel. A trip that we will remember for a lifetime.