I hope you enjoy this story.
Edited by DRGRIFFIN
Sunday morning at Ivan's
While still in a deep sleep, I dreamed that my breasts were being touched. What was happening? Oh yeah, I was in Ivan guest bedroom the morning after going to the soccer match with the posse. Laying on my back, I slightly opened an eye to see what was going on. I realized my new young friend Linda, the girl that had shared the dares at the match, was rubbing my large melons. With barely one eye opened, I saw that she was propped on an elbow and inspecting my breasts rubbing them very gently the way girls can.
I kept quiet until she rubbed down my stomach and found my fat muff. She lightly stroked in exactly the right place. She stroked until I had the most pleasant orgasm.
I finally spoke, "Well that is a nice way to wake up."
Linda said, "I'm sorry. I was just admiring your body and well thought you would like a little wake up call."
"Oh, don't be sorry. What a nice way to wake up. But how can you admire my middle-aged body?"
She moved her hand back to my large melon and said, "I know you had some work on them, but it is so hard to tell. I can't believe how big and full they are. They hold their shape so well. You have a firm but shapely stomach. And you pussy is well big, fat, soft and I am sure men love it."
I raised on my elbow and pushed her on her back. Her breasts were natural, so they flattened out to spread to the side where mine stood up even when I was on my back. I started rubbing her young breasts. I said, "No need to be envious of my breasts, these are big, natural and wonderful." Her areolas were small and very red with small hard nubs. I could see her nipples hardening and elongating.
She closed her eyes and started to moan. As I played with her nipples to make them even longer, she whispered, "I had wet dreams all night and couldn't help myself this morning. Sorry if I offended you."
I said, "No problem. I don't mind a little girl action." I rubbed down her stomach to a navel ring. I said, "You are so slim. Your stomach is so flat and hard. I could never get your shape."
She whispered, "I think you know that men like your shape. You are a buxom vixen. I guess I am a big tittied hard body."
"I like your naval jewelry." She had a pieced navel with a gold ring with a short dangling chain mesh.
I continued to her patch of red pubic hair that had been shaped in a triangle above her clit. Her white skin made the red patch of hair stick out. Her pussy was a small slit in an otherwise smooth mound. I found her small swelling nub, hidden by the hood. She moaned as I stroked this nub. She jerked with an orgasm.
She raised on her elbow and hugged me saying, "Thanks I needed that, but wouldn't you like a nice hard male dick to start the morning. Let give Ivan a wake-up call. Or is that against the rules."
I smiled, "Not that I know of. The sleeping naked is Ivan's rule. The not sleeping with Ivan is my rule. I want to keep some separation between us."
Linda asked, "Because you work together?"
"And the age difference. We are just fuck pals."
"Then let's go get some hard dick."
We quietly opened the door to Ivan's room. He raised on his elbows, "I was just about to go wake you girls."
We stepped side by side to his bed. Linda asked, "Which set of titties do you like best?"
Ivan sat on the bed facing us. He said, "Well now that is a question that requires some investigation. Let's see." He took Linda's breasts and rubbed all around them. He pinched her nipples. "These are mighty fine breasts. Let's see how they taste." He kissed each breast and then sucked her nipples hard. "Hum, hum, taste like peaches."
I found myself anxious to have my breasts touched. He turned to me, "Now for these cougar tits." He repeated the process. The attention I was getting made my nasty woman parts twitch in anticipation. It helped that Ivan was getting hard from working with our breasts. "Hum-hum, taste like watermelon and about the same size. I hate to say this girl because I know y'all want a winner, but it is in the eye of the beholder. Both of you have wonderful breasts."
Linda said, "Ok what about pussies. I think men like Sofia's big fat dangling pussy as opposed to my skinny lady parts."
"Well now that will definitely require more inspection." He lightly rubbed Linda's Mon Pubis concentrating on her stomach and neatly trimmed pubic hair. He said, "I really like the naval jewelry and the red hair. Let's see how the pussy feels." He rubbed across her tight pussy lips and she let out a moan. He then pushed a finger into her vagina and Linda jerked a little. I knew she had a small orgasm.
Ivan said, "That is a mighty fine pussy. Let me compare to Momma's pussy."
I was anxious for him to touch me there. Funny you would think after the fuck fest the night before would dampen my desire, but it only seemed to accelerate it. He first rubbed the small mound of a stomach. He said, "I like the shape of your stomach." He gently pushed my legs apart, which I gladly did wanting him to have access. He said, "I got to admit that big fat puffy pussy makes me want to fuck it." He pushed a finger into my wet lips and I had an immediate orgasm.
I had so many orgasms the night before. Was there no limit to how many orgasms I could have? He said, "I think there is only one way to decide."
He laid back on the bed with his nice hard dick sticking straight up. "Ok Linda get on and let's see how your pussy feels."
Linda straddled him and slipped his hard penis into her wet hole. Linda let out a big sigh. I placed a pillow under Ivan head, so he could see Linda's beautiful tight body. I straddled his legs behind Linda, pushed my groin as close to her ass as I could, matched her rhythm back and forth, placed my hands on her pleasure mounds in front and pinched her nipples. She whispered, "That's nice, Mom."
I said, "Ivan look at these natural mammaries. Aren't they better than my artificial melons?"
Ivan said as he joined me playing with Linda's mammaries, "They are certainly nice."
As Ivan continued to rub and pinch Linda's pleasure mounds, I rubbed down her stomach to her navel. I said, "And can you believe how hard and flat her stomach is." I lightly rubbed her red pubic patch and said, "And this is pretty, isn't it?"
Ivan said, "Can't argue there."
I slipped a finger on her clitoral hood and gave it a little extra pressure. Linda moaned very loudly, "Oh gawd, that feels good."
I said, "Don't you like the smooth tight white pussy?"
Ivan said, "Yeah, this young tight pussy is squeezing my dick like milking a cow."
Linda said, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, ..."
She was having a huge orgasm now. As she finished, "Thank you, Ivan. Sofia, I think it is your turn as much as I hate to get off this wonderful dick."
I moved back to let her untangle from Ivan. I straddled him the same way she had. She got behind me and began to match my movements. My ass was so big I think she was able to masturbate as I rocked back and forth.
She took each of my breasts in her hands and said, "Ivan, can you believe how these big, round full watermelons stand out. They are like big cones of ice cream that want to be licked. Don't you think?"
"Took the words right out of my mouth."
Linda describing my body in such glowing terms enhanced the sexual pleasure coursing through my body, starting between my legs.
She took Ivan's hand and placed them on my soft watermelons and moved to my navel. She said as she kneaded my stomach, "Don't you like the nice soft shape of her stomach? Wouldn't a navel ring look good here?"
Ivan said, "I love her stomach. Yes, she needs some body jewelry."
I was overwhelmed from the feelings coursing in my body. She then pushed her hands to my Mons Pubis. She said, "Ivan what to do think of her big puffy pussy lips?" She had pushed a finger onto my extended clit. My clit was one of those that extended naturally out from under the clitoral hood. It looked so much like a miniature penis when I was aroused, which I was now.
"Quite frankly, that plump pussy makes men think it needs to be fucked. It is like a comforting pussy that caresses a man's penis. It is extremely sensual to see her miniature penis extend. It says, 'fuck me'."
With this I had a massive orgasm that sprayed my juice on Ivan's groin. I yelled, "Oh fuck me that was huggggggggggggggge..."
As I was coming down, I heard, "My goodness that was a good one." Behind us, naked, was Kiko.
I jumped off Ivan, "Oh Kiko, we are sorry. We just, ah, ah." I looked at Linda trying to find the words. Linda had jumped up and was also staring at Kiko, not knowing what to do.
Finally, Kiko laughed. "No worries girls. I just want a turn."
I said, "Please, we are finished. Your turn."
Ivan had sat up and said, "Girls, why don't you get cleaned up and fix breakfast. Kiko and I will join you after I have taken care of my main girl."
I said to Linda, "Let's get a shower and let Kiko have her turn."
We left the room but saw that Ivan had put Kiko on the bed and was working on her pussy with his mouth. Something in me wanted to stay and watch. I was becoming such a bad girl.
As Linda and I went to take a shower, I said, "That was his main girlfriend, Kiko. They have an open relationship, so I don't think she will be mad. At least I sure hope not. Kiko is a friend."
Linda said, "Well, I enjoyed it anyway. He has a nice dick."
I said, "Oh yeah, I had a big orgasm, but I think we know he likes your body better." I was becoming obsessed with people liking my new body and looks.
"Actually, I think we don't know. I wished I had your olive colored skin instead of this freckled white skin that has to be kept out of the sun. I bet you tan in no time."
"I do but I don't try to tan. My skin is naturally this color. And I like your skin. It is very feminine."
We got in the shower. For the second time in a few hours we soaped and cleaned each other. We toweled each other off. Linda said, "All I have to wear is this bandana and that skirt of yours is nasty. What are we going to wear?"
"Ivan's rule is that I have to wear what he wants when I am here. But I agree we can't put back on last night outfits. What's left of them anyway? So, the choice is naked or see if we can find something."
We found a couple of Ivan's button up dress shirt in the laundry hamper.
I found egg, cheese and other ingredients and got it ready to make an omelet. I also found some bacon. Linda set the table for four. As we waited for Ivan and Kiko with a cup of coffee, Linda asked, "Seems like we should know each other. I mean we have spent the night together, shared some very intimate moment, so who are you?"
I said, "I am an old divorced cougar."
"You aren't old, but you definitely are a cougar. What do you do when you aren't playing with the boys?"
I asked, "I assume you are a student."
"Yes, I am a sophomore student studying to be a medical lab technician."
"Are Roy and Earl boyfriends?"
"I think it would be best described as fun pals. Nothing serious. Now answer my questions."
"I am an office worker. I work at the same firm as Ivan."
The door opened to Ivan's bedroom as Kiko and Ivan came out. I hurried to the kitchen to start omelets for everyone. I first fixed the plate for Kiko and Ivan, then for myself and Linda.
Ivan had introduced Linda to Kiko. Since they were studying for medical degrees they had a lot in common.
Ivan said to me, "Well your cooking has really improved. This is very good."
Linda said, "You mean you are new to cooking?"
I said, "Yes, I had to learn because of Ivan's rules."
Linda said to Ivan, "Sofia was telling me you work in the same office."
"That's right. That is how we met."
"She says she is an office worker."
"That's right." Ivan and Kiko were looking at each other knowing this wasn't flying.
Linda looked at me with a knowing smile, "Okay. If you want it that way. And I have to admire the way you three stick together. But, Sofia, it is hard to hide your intellect. I'm not as smart as you or Kiko but I have a good sense of people. I know you are more than just a divorced, sexy cougar who works in an office."
I said, "Can I trust you?"
Linda laughed, "Hey in less than 24 hours we have shared several men together, been butt fuck by the same man at the same time, slept nude together and masturbated each other. What do we need to do together for you to trust me?"
I looked at Ivan and Kiko for some reassurance. Kiko said, "I think you should trust her. You want friends and it is hard to be friends without knowing the other person."
I said to Linda, "I do want to be your friend, even though I could be your mother."
Linda laughed harder, "What an image. Me riding my mother's ass while some guy neither of us even know fucking our asses and twats. My mother looks nothing like you. Come on I can keep a secret."
I told her who I was. As we finished eating, Linda said, "Holy shit. I knew you were somebody, but I never imagined that. You must be extremely rich."
I said, "I guess you could say I am a rich bitch most of the time. Right, Ivan?"
Ivan shrugged and smiled.
Linda said, "So, Ivan, you provide her security along with, ah, other services."
I knew she wanted to say pimping services. Ivan said, "Essentially. I am very grateful to Miss Ricci for helping me and I would do anything for her."
Linda said, "I don't think Sofia is your name. Let me get this right though. You are inexperienced sexually? In spite of the fact that you give a great blow job and have a talented anus. You took those dick's in the ass like it was nothing."
I said, "I guess I am just a natural. Linda, I am telling the truth. Until Ivan and Kiko started helping me, I was just a rich bitch executive. Hard as nails. Isn't that right Ivan?"
Ivan said, "No doubt. I mean the person who built one business and now manages a business empire is a hard-driven executive. Not just that has a PhD in electro magnetics. Whatever that is."
I said, "Linda, please keep it to yourself. You could take a picture, sell it to the tabloid and make some money. But, you would make an enemy. And lose a friend. I can be a very good friend."
Kiko said, "We only put on this charade to protect a successful woman."
Linda said, "Don't worry. I respect that. That is what I want for myself."
I said, "I need to get home. Let's clean up so Ivan can take us home."
Kiko said, "I need to get back to my studies."
Linda said, "No hard feeling about my Best Cougar Friend and I fucking your boyfriend?"
Kiko said, "None at all. If I had been here, we would have shared him. Enough for all of us."
Kiko hugged us and left. Linda and I cleaned up. Linda said, "I need something else to wear to go in the dorm. Anything I can wear?"
I said, "Let's stop by Target and I will buy you a new outfit."
Ivan said, "I have tee shirts that should be thick enough and long enough to wear into Target."
Linda and I raised more than a few eyebrows as we shopped for Linda's clothing. She took them to Target restroom and dressed in a new sundress complete with a new bra.
As we came up to Linda's dorm, "Sofia, are you going to call me. I really do want us to be friends."
"I will. You can count on it. I had a blast."
"Me too." We hugged as she got out of the car.
As we drove home, me sitting in the front with Ivan, Ivan said, "Did you have fun?"
"I did."
He asked, "Is that the limit of what you will do?"
I knew he was asking did it go too far. I thought and said, "No, I would go further. It was so thrilling when I thought the cops were serious and I had to screw my way out of it. I think I liked being a cougar. Using and being used. I am sure there is a limit, but it wasn't this weekend."
Ivan gave me a smirk smile and said, "Good. I'll see what I can do."
What had I just done? Did I really want to be more challenged than I had been this weekend?
He let me off at my house.
Ivan becomes a permanent employee
The next week was again back to the old Mercedes. Tight assed and dressed to be respected as a hard-driven business woman.
When I got to the office I called in my secretary, Denise. Now Denise was older than me. She was probably close to Sally's age. She had been my assistant since Ricci Security started. I had never asked her about herself. She was short, about five feet tall and round everywhere, dumpy some would observe.
"Good morning, Dr. Ricci," Denise said as she entered my office. "You have a review of the Wilkinson investment this morning with Harold and lunch with the CEO of RS. This afternoon, I have several people wanting to be on your schedule."
"Good. Denise, I want to talk to the Head of Security this afternoon. Shouldn't take more than thirty minutes. Also, can you get Ethel on the phone sometime." Ethel was my personal shopper.
"Yes, Dr. Ricci. Anything else."
"Yes," I said and paused thinking about what I was about to do. "Denise, you have been with me for a long time now. Right?"
"Well, more than a decade."
"Tell me something about yourself."
Denise looked at me like I had asked her to solve world hunger. She finally said, "Well you know I am married and just turned fifty-five?"
"Yes, that is in your personnel folder. Do you have a happy marriage?"
Again, that look of confusion. She finally said, "For almost thirty years. My son is having his first child in November, hopefully. That will be my first grandchild."
"That is wonderful. Let me know what I can do for them. Maybe you want some extra time to see that grandchild. Do they live close?"
Denise said, "They live across town but close enough. Dr. Ricci, are you okay?"
"I am. We have known each other long enough that I should know something about you personally. You know all about me." Well, up until recently, "I know very little about you. Isn't it time we get to know each other?"
"Yes, Mam. It is just that, ah, ..."
"I know. This is not like me. But, Denise, can't I be successful and still be a little human with the people I trust. And Denise, I trust you." For the first time in conscious thought I realized I did trust her.
"Thank you, I am very loyal to you. Anything else?"
"I want your opinion. I am thinking of dressing a little more, ah, feminine. But I don't want to give people the idea I am anything but professional. I think you do a good job of balancing the two. That is why I am talking to Ethel. I want your opinion on what I wear."
"Dr. Ricci, I would be happy to do that. You do dress very masculine but with your figure and looks now, that is still very sexy. My advice is to be careful and not move too far. You have so many men working for you, you have to the careful."
I smiled, "Thank you, Denise. You will be my monitor. Don't let me go too far. Keep me up to date on the new grandchild and please get your daughter a generous gift from me. Just put it on the card. That's all."
Squeezed between meetings I talked to Ethel and told her I wanted to dress a little more feminine. The Head of Security came by and we decided to make Ivan's employment permanent and give him a raise. The Head of Security was going to let him know.
I had my navel pierced that week. I wanted to wear something to work that reminded me that I was also Sofia. The artist tried to talk me into vaginal piercings. He almost talked me into it, but I decided against it. Just too long to heal and I didn't want to slow down my fun with the posse. I settled on a diamond stud with gold dangling chains from my navel. I also got several anal plugs with different colored jewels. I hoped I would get the chance to show these off to Ivan's boys.
Later that week, I wore one of the new more feminine outfits. It had an A line skirt that hugged my hips and showed a little more leg than normal. The lace bra pushed my fleshy orbs up and made my substantial cleavage even more so. The yellow silk blouse hid the bra but still showed some pushed-up flesh. The blue blazer tapered to my waist and showed off the smaller waist I now sported but accentuated the flare of my hips. I thought Ethel had done a good job of how to be feminine but still professional. The four-inch heels made my height even more so, but it made my calves look so sexy.
Ivan said as he picked me up, "Dr. Ricci, you look particular good today. If I can say so without insulting."
I blushed, "You certainly can and thank you Ivan. You don't think it is too much?"
Denise also approved my new look.
My Birthday party
I got a call from Sally. In a very strange phone call she asked me to keep Saturday free, including Saturday night. I didn't have anything planned so I said I would. She said that she and Proctor would come by Saturday afternoon.
I wanted to look as good as possible for my young studs. I wanted so badly to be sexually appealing to the posse. I decided a whole-body tan would be something they would like. My facility guys built an area on the roof of our building for as a padded exercise area for all to use but with a lock. That way I could use it in private. With my skin tone, it didn't take much for me to be bronze all over.
It became common, when I wasn't doing meetings for lunch that I would go to the roof, undress, sunbath and while I was at it insert my large anal plug and masturbate. After all, I needed something to do while I was up there. Other times I would do phone calls.
On Saturday, I heard a knock on the door. I opened it to hear Sally, Proctor, Linda and Kiko all yelled, "Happy birthday!"
I had long since stopped caring about my birthday. There was no one for me to celebrate. Truthfully, I hadn't wanted anyone. I had to admit all week it was dragging me down knowing my forty-third birthday was coming. But now I had friends. I was so excited to see my friends here to celebrate with me. It somehow seemed different. I really did have friends not just people that wanted to be close to wealth. Oh, don't get me wrong, I wasn't naïve. I knew my wealth was part of their friendship, but it was something more. They found me fun. And I didn't want to disappoint them.
I gave a little bounce and yell, "What! What is this! How did you know?"
Sally said, "Well Proctor has been with you a long time and knows a lot about you. We decided you couldn't be alone today. We have a gift for you."
I know I was turning red, "I don't know what to say."
Proctor said, "Invite us in and open your first gift. I will get some glasses." He handed me a wrapped gift.
My house was behind a wall with a gate, but Proctor and Ivan had all my codes. It was a little unusual for me to have drop in guests. My house was very large for one person. It was actually Mr. Freeman's house that I inherited when he died. I had many choices for where to invite them.
"Here let's go in the game room." This room had a pool table, dart board and game table with very comfortable chairs.
Linda and Kiko were both looking around. Linda finally said, "Holy shit! This house is really something. How large is it?"
"It is on three acres. The house itself is about ten thousand square feet with seven bed rooms and eight bathrooms. It is too large for just me. It is really Mr. Freeman's house. Mr. Freeman is my deceased husband. I really should sell it and find something smaller."
Kiko said, "Oh no you shouldn't. What I've seen is beautiful and it is appropriate for a successful business woman. I love what I have seen."
Proctor said, "Give a tour later, now open your first present."
I unwrapped the gift and it was a bottle of really old scotch. It was a bottle of 25-year-old Macallan's. Proctor took it from me, opened it and poured us all a drink.
I said, "You guys shouldn't have. I know how expensive that was."
Kiko said, "That was from Proctor and Sally. Linda and I got you something else."
We all had our glasses now and Proctor said, "Here to a beautiful, smart, successful lady." We clinked glasses and drank. Now I am not much of a drinker other than wine, but I had to admit this went down nicely.
I said, "Why are you guys dressed like that?"
They were wearing urban cowboy outfits. They were all wearing boots. Kiko was wearing a tank top while Linda was wearing a plaid shirt tied in a knot between her large natural breasts, no bras and very short jean shorts with their bellies showing. Since they both had tight tummies and asses, they looked hot. Linda's navel jewelry was showing. Sally had on a low-cut flowered sundress with fringe all over it. Proctor had on a plaid-shirts with tight jeans. He looked studly for a man in retirement.
Kiko said, "This part is mine and Linda's gifts. We are taking you for a night out. Proctor is providing security. Linda and I decided on a place you would never go on your own. Hopefully, you will find it an experience. We are taking you to The Whiskey Palace. Do you know of it?"
I said, "Never heard of it but from the way you are dressed, I assume it is a Cowboy Bar."
"It is the largest bar in the state and has a Cowboy motif. This is for you."
Proctor handed me a box. Linda said, "Go try it on. I am dying to see how look as a Cowgirl."
I said, "Proctor, why don't you show the girls around while I try this on."
I went to the bedroom to unwrap my gift. This was so exciting, I could barely contain myself. It felt so good for these young girls to want a woman of forty-three to join them for a night out. This was a new experience for me.
I stripped and started dressing with the things from the box. I had showered before expecting Sally. First the panties. They barely covered my slit. In fact, the little strip of material slipped into my fat pussy lips almost immediately and simply separated the fat lips into two prominent mounds. I was envious of both Linda and Kiko thin lips. My pussy was obscene in comparison. It was already moist. If I kept this up I would have juices flowing to my knees.
Next came a distressed blue jean skirt. It looked like it was from a pair of old jeans that had been made into a mini skirt. I guessed that it was only 12 inches of material to cover my fat ass and pussy. It buttoned up the front and started about four inches below my navel jewelry. Next came a halter top made of thin red bandana material much like the material you would see in old westerns tied around a cowboy's neck. There was string around the neck holding up two triangles of the red material, string that went around my torso tied in front between my breasts holding the thin material in place. The red material was gathered around the string. I could position the material by sliding it along the sting. If I slide it to the middle side boob showed to almost the areola and pulled the other way the inside of my areola would show. I positioned it in the middle to cover the middle of my mounds.
Then I slipped on the Cowgirl boots. I looked in the mirror. I realized they must have had my personal shopper buy it. It fit too well. Any tighter and I couldn't have worn it. It was however more cowslut than cowgirl. I wondered, 'could I wear this in public.' But then I felt the juices running down my leg. The material had started working on the place between my legs that was beginning to control my thoughts. I knew what this outfit said. It screamed, 'Fuck me', very loudly.
I fixed my hair with the Sofia wig and blue contacts and put on an extra layer of makeup. I was ready.
I heard the group in the kitchen laughing. As I entered Proctor whistled and said, "My goodness now that is a picture. I have seen you in this house many times but never in my wildest dreams I would see you dressed like this in this house."
I puzzled, "Does that mean you don't like it? Should I put on something less revealing?"
Kiko walked over to me, slid her hand between my legs and said, "Not only will you be the sexiest woman in that bar, but my hand finds that you want to wear this. I think Proctor just appreciates what he is seeing." Her hand had brushed my dangling pussy lips and that alone gave me a shiver. She held it up for me to see her glistening hand.
Proctor said, "I think I am going to have to beat the boys off you. Just as Kiko said, you will be the sexiest woman in that bar."
I smiled and kissed Kiko on the cheek, then Linda on the cheek and said, "Thank you for the outfit and for taking me out. I have never done a girl's night out. Thank you all."
Sally said, "No need to thank us. We are going to have a blast tonight celebrating your birthday. What about one more drink before we go?"
Proctor went and got the bottle and poured us all a drink. We talked and laughed together until it was time to go. I loved these people. By the time we left, I was already a little tipsy and I think the other girls were also. Proctor had rented a limo and drove us to the bar.
On our arrival the valet helped us out of the limo. He got a quick nice flash of my wet pussy squeezing out the sides of my panties. Even though both Kiko and Linda were wearing shorts, there was very little left of the gusset between their legs and I had no doubt they were not only not wearing bras but also no panties. Sally was the only one of the girls that didn't flash the young men.
As we entered, I was amazed at the size of this place. There were different areas, multiple bars, and multiple bands playing. The place was packed. The music was loud and lots of people were on a dance floor in this area. There were people in various forms of dress, but most were dressed in western stuff. The three of us being among the most revealing but not out of line with the other females. It was a distinctly sexy dressing crowd.
We were shown to a reserved table in a small raised area next to one of the dance floors. The area had comfortable couches facing each other around low tables. Proctor and Sally sat on one side while Linda, Kiko and I sat on the other. It was low enough that sitting lady like was almost impossible.
A handsome young man dressed like John Travolta in Urban Cowboy said, "Welcome to Whiskey Palace. My name is Travis. What can I get you beautiful people to drink?" He was definitely dreamy. I would guess twenty. Proctor ordered a pitcher of beer.
I was dumb-struck looking at this place. We were a little raised, so I could see a lot of what was going on. There were activities everywhere. Dance floors, an arena with a mechanical bull, a pool hall area with darts, little secluded areas and many bars. There were people everywhere of all descriptions, old, young, fat, thin, and in my estimation considerably more males than females. It seemed that there were packs of young men roaming the place looking for action.
Kiko put an arm around me and close in my ear (the noise made it hard to hear) said, "What do you think?"
I said, "I have never seen anything like it. I never imagined a place like this. I have lived a sheltered life."
Kiko laughed, "Girl you have done things that none of us could imagined. Time to enjoy yourself. That is our present to you. Think you can have a good time here?"
I kissed her on the cheek, "Oh yeah, we are going to have a good time."
Linda had been listening and said, "Sofia, think you can score here?"
I smiled and being a little tipsy already my confidence was up, "If I can't, dressed like this then I might as well give it up."
Kiko said, "Take your pick. They are all yours." She had swept her arm around the place.
We had already attracted the attention of a couple of packs of young men. They seemed to be cruising around looking for action. Procter and Sally were talking to each other but there was no way to hear what they were saying. But it was clear these two-people were into each other. In some ways, I was jealous, but I knew I wasn't ready to find 'the' one. I wanted more experiences. Besides, I love the challenge of competing with my young girl friends.
We had finished our pitcher of beer and Travis reappeared to ask, "Y'all ready for another pitcher?"
Proctor said, "Sure why not."
I knew I needed to slow down or I wouldn't be able to walk. But another beer was poured.
Proctor said, "Sally and I are going to join the boot scooting crowd and let you girls attach some flies."
Sally leaned over, patted me on the shoulder and whispered, "Relax and have fun."
I smiled up at her and nodded. She seemed to realize in spite of the alcohol, I was nervous that I would be rejected while my young BFF's would be fought over. I also knew that while I wanted to compete with these girls, they were a decade younger than me. None the less, I couldn't help my competitive nature. I wanted to be as alluring as them.
While in the middle of these thoughts, four guys came up. Then without asking one pushed Linda on one side and Kiko on the other to make room for them to sit. The other two sat on the couch Proctor and Sally had vacated. The two looked at me like I was meat and they were evaluating us.
The one next to Linda, arm already around her and groping said, "This is your lucky night. We have decided to show you a good time."
Kiko slapped the guy's hand slipping up her leg and said, "I think you boys are barking up the wrong tree. You need to get up and leave."
The one with his hand slapped said, "Calm down, you don't know what you are missing. I think we will stay." His hand again went between Kiko's legs. This time close to her crotch.
I then said, "Did you see that man that was sitting there?"
The one across from me, raping me with his eyes said, "What of it? He is just an old man."
"That old man is a Marine and a security expert. If I asked him, he will make you pay for your behavior. So, either get up or I will call him over and your night will end very badly. You have one chance to stop being stupid."
The guy across from me, the oldest of them, stop raping me with his eyes and was now staring me in the eyes. I could see he knew I was serious. We stared at each other for a period of time until he looked away and saw Proctor starting to look our way.
He looked at me now with respect, smiled and said, "Sorry girls, your loss but I think we can do better. Let's go boys."
The one sitting by Linda had a hand on her breast, said, "Come on George, these melons are ripe and ready to eat."
George said, "Shut the fuck up Morris and get up. We can do better."
With that they got up and left.
Linda said, "Damn girl, that was intense. You even scared me."
Kiko said, "That is why she is such a successful business woman. She can scare guys into submission."
I said, "I am just glad Proctor was here."
Linda said, "He has worked for you a long time, hasn't he?"
I smiled, "We have been together a long time and he is someone I can depend on. I think Ivan is the same."
Kiko said, "I think you can count on Ivan also. I need a drink."
She got up and waved at Travis to come over. Travis said, "Yes ma'am, what can I get you?"
Kiko said, "Bring us each a shot of Tequila along with a beer."
Linda said, "And bottles of water. That stuff will dehydrate you."
When he left Linda said to me, "Let shake that off. The night is still young."
I heard a male voice said, "Hi girls. Mind if we sit down and talk. Maybe buy you beautiful ladies a drink?"
I looked up and there were three young men, I guessed mid-twenties to maybe thirty, hard to tell in the light, looking down at us. The one speaking was the oldest looking, tall, lean, blonde, square jawed and very nice looking. He was asking me and looking me in the eyes.
I gave him what I hoped was a seductive smile, thinking how much better this approach was and said, "Please do." I stood extending my hand, we looked each other squarely in the eyes, I melted at the clear bottomless blue of these eyes. "My name is Sofia. These are my friends, Kiko and Linda."
Both Kiko and Linda had risen and extended their hands. "My name is Gavin. This is Tim and Eric."
We all sat as Gavin said, "Can we buy you a drink?"
I said, "We just ordered but maybe we can buy you a drink when Travis comes back."
Gavin laughed, "Now that is different. But I just can't let a lady buy."
Travis had come to the table with our drinks and began to sit the shot glasses in front of us. He had a bottle and said, "You girls didn't specify but this is Silver Patron. It is a popular Tequila. Is this okay?"
I looked at Linda and she shrugged. Kiko said, "That is okay."
I then said, "Travis get these boys a glass also. Plus, another pitcher of beer. I am buying the first round."
Gavin smiled at me, "You are kind of a take charge lady, aren't you? But this just doesn't feel right."
"Does it bother you that I am like that?"
"Not at all. Just that I was brought up to treat a lady a certain way. We are honored that you beautiful ladies even let us join you."
I smiled and said, "If you are still here for the second round then you can buy."
Gavin looked at Tim and Eric and said, "That sounds good. Thank you, Sofia."
Travis was back in no time with three shot glasses, beer and poured us all a drink. Gavin raised his shot glass, "Here to the three sexiest ladies here."
I watched to see the three boys knock back the shots like they were nothing and chased this with a big gulp of beer. I did the same. I gasped, struggled to catch my breath, then started coughing. My eyes and nose were watering. Gavin jumped up, grabbed the water bottle, straightened me up from my bent over position, slapped me on the back, and said, "Here, drink some water."
Kiko had moved aside to let Gavin get close to me and leave him some room to sit. He held the water bottle to my lips. I drank a big swallow as he sat and held me in his arm, took a napkin, wiped the slobber and snot off my face. He smoothed my hair back as I started to catch my breath. He gently rubbed my forehead while I began to get my breath back. I saw that my legs were apart and likely Tim and Eric were getting a good view of my labia protruding from the tight string between my legs. I closed my legs and tried to get some composure back.
I finally started laughing as did every else and said, "Well, I am sure you are all impressed now. That was well completely embarrassing."
Gavin still holding me so gently and rubbing my hair back from my face said, "I take it that was your first shot of Tequila?"
I said, "It was. I am really not a drinker and I may have had too much already."
Kiko had moved over to sit between Tim and Eric. Linda said, "Are you going to be okay?"
I said, "Sure, it just took me by surprise. I saw the boys throwing it back and I thought I could. I think I need to go freshen up. Will you boys be here when we get back? You can have all the Tequila you want from the bottle." Travis had left the bottle in a bucket of ice water.
Gavin still holding me, turned my head and said, "If you want us to still be here we will. You are still beautiful, even with a red nose." He touched my nose.
I think I blushed. I didn't know what to say. Kiko rescued me, "Linda and I will join you. Be back in a jif boys."
I was able to walk a straight line, but it was good to have the two girls going with me.
As we stepped into the bathroom, Linda and Kiko started to laugh, "Well, girlfriend, you really make an impression. That man won't forget you, no matter what."
I laughed too, "I don't think they will be there when we get back. Sorry girls. I think those boys could have shown us a good time."
Linda said, "Oh, they will be there. I think we are about to have a good night. Let's hurry back."
We all went to the potty and freshened up our faces. Kiko said to Linda, "Well we know that Sofia has Gavin, which one you want?"
Linda said smiling, "If I can't have both then I sort of like the looks of Eric."
Tim was the smallest of the three and looked to be the youngest. Kiko said, "Fine with me."
We walked back to the table, now with my clothes back where they belonged and my face looking the way it did the start of the night. Gavin had moved back between Tim and Eric. I walked up to him, reached out my hand, took his and guided him to sit next to me across from the four. Linda sat next to Eric and Kiko next to Tim.
I snuggled close to Gavin, he handed me a new bottle of water and said, "Here you probably should drink some more water. Are you okay?"
I smiled and looked into those big light blue eyes and said, "I am great."
The conversation now became with each couple. We were officially paired off. I drank the whole bottle of water and felt much better.
Gavin said, "Have you been here before?"
I said, "This is my first time in a bar like this of any kind. I am a little inexperienced at this kind of thing."
"Oh yeah, why is that?"
"Well, I lost my first husband not long ago and we were not social animals at all. And, well, I had gained a lot of weight and had to work a lot. So, it is only recently I met Linda and Kiko."
"I wouldn't have guessed that. First, sorry for your loss. In terms of looks, if I may comment without offending, you certainly look wonderful now. You have such a luscious body, it is hard to imagine you overweight."
"I think I could still lose a little weight. I mean look at this little pot." I poked at the little swell of my stomach.
He said as he reached over to rub, I think he knew I was inviting him to touch me, well anywhere he wanted, my little pouch and said, "That is so sexy with the naval jewelry. You are luscious. I know I keep using that word, but you are luscious."
I held his hand to my stomach, slipped it to the top of my mini skirt and kissed him on the cheek and whispered in his ear, "I am glad you like it. It is new."
Kiko then stood and poured us all another shot, stared at me, "Another toast, if you are up to it." I nodded yes and took the glass. "Here is to our birthday girl. That is what we are celebrating guys."
They all held up their glasses as Gavin sang, "Happy Birthday." Then the other boys chimed in, "Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday beautiful lady, Happy Birthday to you."
With that the guys threw back the shots and the girls, including me, sipped. This time I tasted the flavor and it didn't burn going down. I gave what I hoped was a sweet smile, "Thank you guys. That was lovely of you. But no one gets to ask my age."
Gavin wrapped his arm around me. It felt so good I wanted to melt in his arms, he was large enough to wrap me completely and make me feel small in his arms. Not something I often felt. I felt tingly all over but mainly between my legs. My vagina was on fire. Gavin could have fucked me on that couch in front of everyone.
After I finished the shot in a few sips, Gavin said, "Looks like that shot went down better. Are you developing a taste for it?"
"You know, I'm still really not a drinker but that did taste much better. Normally, two glasses of wine are my absolute limit."
"Well you do need to be careful and drink lots of water." He handed me another bottle of water.
I drank the bottle down and said with abandon, "Tonight is my birthday and I think I will throw caution to the wind. Let's have one more."
This is where it got out of hand. I blame the rest on Tequila.
"Gavin, what do you do?"
"I am a captain in the Army. Tim and Eric are new lieutenants. We are shipping out tomorrow."
"Well my goodness. Thank you for your service. Where are you going?"
"All I can say is the middle east. It is a special mission that should last six months."
"Have long you been in the Army?"
"I graduated from West Point when I was twenty-two, so with my four years at West Point, it is sixteen years. And what do you do?"
"I am an office worker. Have you known Tim and Eric long?"
"No, we were in briefings this week and were given a day off before deployment. I think you're not just an office worker. I saw how you handled those boys. But it looks like our party is on the dance floor. Want to dance?"
I hadn't noticed but Linda and Kiko were dancing with their boys. I saw the dance they were doing and was unsure if I could. I said, "I really don't dance and have never seen anything like this."
Gavin laughed, "Don't worry, it's not hard. You would look sexy just standing there. As you said throw caution to the wind."
"Ok, but I need one more shot."
Gavin frowned, "Are you sure?"
I reached around him, pinned him to the back of the couch, put a leg over his lap, placed his hand on my thigh and kissed him long and hard. With my face, just a few inches from his nose I whispered, "I have a big strong Army Captain to look after me. Don't I?"
Gavin smiled, "Yes ma'am, you do!" He pulled me into him, moved his hand to very close to my ass cheek and kissed me back. This time with lots of tongue. We let each other go but we both knew where this was going. He poured us a shot, we drank and headed to the dance floor.
As I got to the dance floor, I saw Kiko and Tim. They were dancing like veterans at this. Kiko was so light on her feet and very coordinated.
I yelled at her, "Don't watch this. I don't have any idea what I am doing."
Kiko yelled back, "Don't worry. You will look good no matter what."
Gavin showed me the most basic move slowly. I tried it and it wasn't that hard. The music was fast, but I soon caught up to it. After a couple of songs, I had the moves down and was enjoying it. After the third song, I was adding more steps. But I was beginning to sweat. My top was becoming wet and more transparent. My nipples were standing out like spears. Watching this big, strong, coordinated man dance was turning be on. He was also taking in every curve.
Then a slow dance. I wrapped my arms around his neck and press my F's into him. He had unbuttoned a couple of buttons on his shirt and showed the top of pronounced pecs. I couldn't wait to see what he looked like nude. My pussy was vibrating like a tuning fork. I had to do something for it. As the music played, I pulled his head down and kissed him deep with a lot of tongue.
After the kiss, I laid my head on his chest, I loved being shorter than him, took his hand and pressed it between my legs. I pressed his finger on top of the little string embedded in my vagina. This pushed it even deeper into my slit. The string pressed into my highly susceptible clit. I kept it there until I had a huge orgasm. I could feel Gavin holding me up or I would have collapsed on the floor. I could feel my susceptible orifice ejaculating into Gavin's hand. After the huge orgasm, I held his hand in place, perfectly positioned, and pulled him down for another kiss. As our tongues met, another orgasm hit me. It was not quite as intense but equally pleasurable.
We held there until the music stopped and we heard the band announce a break. I reluctantly pulled his hand away from my pussy but placed a hand over the large bulge in his pants.
I whispered, "I think it is only fair that I take care of this. I don't want you to think I am a tease."
Gavin smiled, "I could use a little help. Let try over there. We don't want to get kicked out do we."
There was a dark screened off area. We could hear the sounds of sex and saw the silhouette of two couples. We found a spot. Gavin undid the string holding the wet bandana material in place and said, "I have been wanting to see these for hours."
He put a hand under each, held them, looked from one to the other and muttered, "Amazing!"
I smiled to myself, said, "You like?"
"Very much, they are perfect."
I undid the other three buttons holding his plaid shirt together, pulled it apart and saw a big well-muscled chest. I said, "Amazing!"
Gavin smiled and said, "You like?"
"Very much, perfect."
I kissed each of his nipples, while I unzipped his pants. While still nibbling on his pecs, I grasped his hard-ready member with both hands. It was a nice sized penis and felt ready to erupt.
I whispered, "This feels like it is ready to be sucked. Would you like that?"
Gavin grunted, "Hooah!"
I thought that meant yes. I kissed down his chest to his six pack abs to his wanting penis. I kissed the tip as lovingly as I knew how. He started moaning showing his appreciation. I kissed up and down the shaft. I then took half the dick in my mouth, sucked and used my tongue to stimulate it.
Gavin said, "That feels good baby."
I loved the affirmation. I wanted to give him the best blow job I knew how. I tasted the precum on my tongue. I decided it was time to stop playing with him and really get him off. I pulled his dick out with the tip on my lips. I sucked and licked, then slowly took his member in my mouth and down my throat until his heavily muscled veined stomach brushed my forehead. Gavin groaned. I then took a breath and pushed until my lips were kissing his groin. I felt the tip deep in my throat. I couldn't keep it there for long but held it until I felt the gag sensation starting.
I could feel his penis pulse, so I started stroking it slowly in and out of my mouth. Each time my lips touched the tip of his penis and then to his groin. I knew I was doing this well. Gavin kept a steady, "Oh yeah, baby. Ohhhhh... Just like that." I felt the slightest enlargement of his base and pulled my lips to the tip and waited for the first eruption. It hit the back of my throat, I swallowed then kissed his tip and waited for him to empty his reservoir into my stomach. He tasted good. I loved giving him this pleasure and I really took pride in my doing this for him. Let's face it, no matter the task, I wanted to be the best.
I felt a pair of strong hands under my arm pits pulling me to my feet. Not too many men could dead lift me. He kissed my cum filled mouth, held me and whispered, "My gawd that was the best. Sofia, you are amazing."
I whispered back, "Thank you. Maybe we are even now. I get two for each of your one."
He laughed, "But my one is intense and messy."
I laughed, "Pretty intense for me also."
I felt another hand on my shoulder and there was Kiko and Tim standing there. Kiko said, "I think the student has outpaced to teacher. Hell, of a blowjob."
Gavin stared not knowing what this meant but said, "Yep. Hell, of a blowjob."
I buttoned his shirt as he put my bandanas back in place. I said to Kiko, "Want to go to the cowgirl room?"
Kiko said, "Yeah."
Gavin said, "We will go back to the table and get another round ready. What would you like? I am buying this time."
I said, "I would like a shot and a beer. And more water." I actually felt sober now.
As we enter the bathroom, Kiko said, "Girlfriend, we have hit some winners here. You know these guys are in the Army about to deploy into combat."
"Yeah, I know. And I really like Gavin. I bet he can really fuck."
Kiko laughed, "I bet they all can. I haven't seen Linda for a while, but I'll bet anything she couldn't wait. They were practically fucking on the dance floor before they disappeared."
As we were leaving the bathroom, I asked, "Does Ivan not have a problem with this?"
"Not at all. He will want to hear all the dirty details. He will get a kick out of your blowjob story."
When we got back to the table Proctor and Sally were there along with Linda and Eric. I could see by the look on Linda's face that she had been royally fucked. There were drinks ready for us all. Gavin and I sat next to Proctor and Sally.
We introduced the three Army guys to the Marine, Proctor, and Sally. There was instant rapport between Proctor and our Army boys. There were several hoorahs between them and it looked like they had known each other forever.
This time the shot went down much better. It only took two gulps. The beer chaser was good. I whispered to Proctor, "I want to take these guys home tonight."
Proctor puzzled, "I think you can trust them. After all they are deploying tomorrow. Need to find out if they have to be back on base tonight."
I put took Gavin arm between my breasts and asked, "Would you go home with me tonight?"
Gavin smiled, kissed me on the cheek, "Yes mam. We don't ship out until 1800 hours. Just need to be back at the base in time to stow our gear and get to the transport. Are you including Tim and Eric and the girls?"
"Yes."
"Is your place that large?"
"Gavin, I will tell you the truth about myself. Yes, it is that large."
Gavin took me in his arm and kissed me deeply. "Hoorah."
Gavin said to his buddies, "Sofia here has invited us to speed the night at her place. What do you think?"
They both said, "Hoorah." Then Eric said, "Does that include the girls?"
Linda said, "I'm in. You guys won't believe Sofia's place."
Tim looked at Kiko and she nodded.
I smiled, "Settled then, let's head to my house when we finish here."
Proctor said, "We have to try the bull before we leave."
Eric said, "I'll bet that none of you girls can stay on longer than me."
Sally said, "I'll take that bet Eric. To be specific, I'll bet you I can stay on longer at a higher speed than you."
Eric thrust out his chest and said, "What's the bet?"
Sally gave a, 'I got you now look', "You walk from the bull to the bathroom with your cock hanging out holding my hand walking no faster than me."
Eric thought and said, "And if I win what will you do?"
Sally said, "What do you want from me?"
Eric whispered to Linda and said, "You walk from the bull pen to the bathroom with your tits hanging out holding my hand and anyone can grope."
Sally smiled, "Deal, if you agree to the same groping clause if I win."
Eric stuck out his hand and said, "Deal."
I had no idea what this was about, I whispered to Gavin, "What are they talking about?"
"A mechanical bull. It is harmless. The area is completely padded in case you fall off. I think Sally has just snookered Eric."
"Probably and I don't even know what it is, but Sally is formidable for a small woman. I think I need another shot for this."
Gavin said, "Let's have one more shot, then we each ride the bull once."
With that shot, I relaxed. We followed Sally and Proctor to the mechanical bull. There was a girl riding it as we walked up. Her short skirt was around her waist and her bare ass was shining for all to see. She was wearing a thong, so her pussy was covered. The tank top was barely covering her little tits.
I whispered to Gavin, "I can't do this. My panties barely hide anything down there."
Gavin said, "Does it really matter? Seems like the whole point of this thing is to display skin."
I whispered, "I suppose you are right. But I need another shot before I get thrown head over heels and display my fat pussy to the world."
Gavin laughed, "I'm sure we will all appreciate seeing it."
Gavin went first and lasted for what seemed like a long time, but the timer had just twenty seconds and he had only gotten to half speed before being thrown. I yelled, "Great job, Captain. Let me get this over with. Operator, please take it easy on me. I have never seen this thing before."
Gavin helped me on. My tight short jean skirt immediately went to my waist. The little thong was out in the open. The only saving grace was that my fat pussy lips protruding from the side of the thong were squeezing against the leather saddle. The operator started it at the lowest speed. I almost fell off as soon as he started. But he gave me a few second to get used to it. Then I realized he was enjoying watching my fat ass squished against the saddle and my big tits flop against the thin red bandana.
I signaled for him to speed it up. He did and again I almost fell but managed to catch the rhythm. Then at the next speed, I was gone. Luckily it was slow enough that I just fell flat on the soft mat. I knew though that my legs were splayed open and my top was askew but not so much to display nipple only two large mounds of flesh. Gavin quickly jumped to my rescue to get me upright.
I was laughing at my spectacle. Gavin picked on the laughter with me. He hugged me and said, "Good girl. You lasted twenty-three seconds."
Laughing I said, "But lost all dignity. Did the panties help at all?"
"Not really. You do have a, ah, prominent pussy."
"You mean fat," I smiled. "When you have it wrapped around that wonderful dick of yours tonight you will appreciate it. It will suck your penis like a Hoover."
"My gawd, you are making me hot. Not sure I can wait much longer."
"It won't be long."
We positioned ourselves to watch the others. I took my panties off, handed them to Gavin and said, "These are yours. Remember tonight when times get hard over there."
He smelled the panties and said, "I love the smell. Maybe it will last six months."
I said, "Here let's add." I pulled his hand again between my legs, squeezed, had a nice orgasm which moistened his hand. I took the panties back and wiped the juices that flowed between my thighs and licked his hand clean. I handed the panties back to him. Kiko looked back at us and winked.
Tim was on the bull. He lasted close to a minute. Kiko got on and she had much the same problem I did except her pussy was lean and didn't look as obscene as I am sure mine did. But by now the gusset wasn't covering much. She lasted longer than Tim. This little girl was very coordinated. By the time the speed was at three quarters, the little tank top was off her shoulder and one C-cup was showing. It didn't seem to matter. She was intent on lasting as long as possible. When she hit the mat, she was also laughing with both legs straight in the air.
Eric was next. Sally walked over to the operator and gave him instructions. Eric made it about the same as Tim. Linda got on the bull. Her shorts were about as useful as Kiko's. As the bull got to half speed, the knot on her plaid shirt loosened enough to let her large natural breasts flash as the bull gyrated with only the nipples covered. She also didn't seem to care. She fell head over heels but landed safely on her back. Only her top gave way half way in the flip and her natural breasts were in full display. She was laughing as Eric came to her rescue. She didn't seem the least concerned about her flesh flashing. Eric hugged her as she re-tied her shirt.
Next came Proctor. It was obvious he had done this before. He lasted over a minute and was only thrown off at the highest speed. We all clapped for him. Sally punched Eric just before she stepped up to the bull, "Remember the bet. Get ready to lose."
I knew then she had done this before. She was the best dressed for this. Her flowing skirt at least covered her panties. I wasn't sure the top would hold her smallish tits but there was a chance. She got to half speed very quickly as the operator recognized her skill. He kept her at half speed for more than twenty seconds. Her top was holding up until both straps dropped off her shoulders. Her small red areolas were displayed almost immediately. She made no move to cover as she wanted to last as long as possible. She was thrown off at near full speed and landed on her ass, both tits quaking and her bikini panties showing. At least she had kept he labia covered.
Proctor helped her up as she pulled the shoulder straps up. She was laughing as she yelled at the operator to confirm the time. He said, "Sally stayed on two more notches than Eric and for much longer and is the winner between the two."
Eric stepped in extended his hand to her and said, "Congrats, you win."
Sally looked at the operator, "You may not want to watch what happens next. He has lost a bet."
The operator said, "Miss, I have seen everything. Do your worst."
Sally looked at us and instructed, "Get ready girls to grope as we take our stroll."
Sally walked over to Eric unzipped his pants, reached in and pulled his dick out. She then took his hand and slowly started walking to the bathroom.
We were standing in a line as they strolled. Linda was first. She grabbed his dick and kissed him on the cheek. "Buck up but don't shoot that thing before I get it again."
Eric was already semi hard. He had an impressive dick even at half mask.
He was close to me. I grabbed his dick and gave it a couple of strokes. Gavin took a picture of my hand on it. I said loudly, "This thing must have felt good Linda. It is quite impressive."
Linda said, "Twice so far but I know the best is yet to come. Get it, cum."
Sally pulled him along to Kiko. Kiko bent and gave his now completely hard long dong a kiss. "Impressive."
Now there was a line waiting to gawk at Eric as he strolled with lots of pictures being taken. Sally was grinning ear to ear. She was loving this. She encouraged the girls and even a couple of guys to get into the act. When they got to the bathroom with a crowd around them, Sally let go of his hand, grabbed his penis and kissed him on the cheek. She whispered to him, "You are a good sport."
Eric smiled back, "Can't believe how hard I have gotten. I need some relief."
Sally said, "I think Linda has that covered. Too bad, I wouldn't mind taking care of it myself, but Linda is a friend."
Eric allowed one more look by the crowd, raised his hands and said, "Take a good look folks before I zip up. You don't see one like this often. Hope you enjoyed the show." Eric with a little pain, stuffed his long dong into his pants and zipped up.
Linda came up and gave him a hug. Proctor said, "Folks, time to go."
Sally sat in front with Proctor as he drove us to my house. It was not far but we took full advantage along the way. Each of us exposed our puppies and let the guys have a go at them. By the time we got to the gate, I was wound tight as a coiled spring. I wanted this man to fuck me so badly.
As Proctor punched in the code at the gate, Gavin with one hand on a breast, said, "This is your house?"
"Yes."
"I never imagined this. You must be rich."
"Yes, I am a rich bitch. Can we wait until the morning for me to explain? I just want to be the wanton cougar tonight."
"Sure, fine with me. You are one fine cougar. But I don't think you are that old."
Proctor pulled up in front of the house and came around to open the door for us. The house was lit to display the grandeur of the house. The guys got out and stood to gawk.
Proctor said, "Sally and I will come back tomorrow morning to take the guys to the base. What time do we need to be here?"
Gavin said, "1300 hours. Flight is 1800 hours. That gives us plenty of time to stow gear and be on the flight line. Sound good guys?"
Tim and Eric said, "Hoorah."
Proctor said, "Hoorah. Have fun guys. These girls know how to take care of us service guys."
Gavin, Eric and Tim said, "Hoorah!"
With that I hugged Proctor and Sally and said, "Thank you. I just don't have words to tell you how much I love you two."
Sally said, "We have had a blast. Girls don't do anything I wouldn't."
Linda laughed, "That doesn't limit us much."
Proctor and Sally drove off. I took Gavin's hand and lead him to the house. I looked at the clock and it was already at one am. I said, "Girls I know I should offer you something, but I am ready to fuck this man."
All five of them said, "Sounds good."
I first took Gavin to my bedroom and said, "I am going to take a shower after I show the girls their bedrooms."
Gavin said, "I need to shower also."
"Go ahead."
After the girls were squared away, I went downstairs and left the cook a note to have breakfast for six at nine. In my bedroom Gavin was laying on the bed, nude with his hands behind his head on a pillow. With the lights on I could see for the first time how chiseled he really was. Tall, broad shoulders, nearly hairless, heavily veined stomach with veins that continued to his groin, rippled abs, thick hard thighs and calves, and a beautiful large vein semi-hard penis.
I really needed a shower, but I wanted this man now, more than any corporate win. And I wanted him to know the real person which I now knew was a mix of Dr. Ricci and Sofia. I gave him what I hoped was a seductive look, I pulled the wig off and shook out my thick curly black unruly hair. I turned to the make-up table, popped out the blue contacts and removed all the makeup on my face.
I turned to him and said, "This is what I really look like. Still want me?"
I could see his penis twitch, "You are beautiful Sofia no matter the color of your hair."
I stepped a little closer to the bed and his head. We held each other's gaze for some time. I slowly moved my hands to the knot holding the bandanas over my heaving quivering breasts without breaking my gaze. I slowly let the thin red top drop. I looked down at my breasts, brushed my hands over and around them.
I looked back at him and he was mesmerized. His penis was now fully hard. I guessed a nice thick eight-inches. I asked in a whisper, "Do you like?"
"I love those giant breasts. They are the best I have seen."
I unbuttoned the tight blue jean skirt but left it in place. I pushed the flaps aside to expose down to the Mons Pubis.
"Do you think my stomach is too fat?"
He said, "I love the little soft paunch on an otherwise flat stomach. The navel jewelry is very pretty."
I turned around and slipped the skirt to the floor. I twisted my upper body, so I could see him staring at my fat ass. I brushed a hand over one of my prominent ass cheeks.
He smiled and said, "Before you ask. I love that big rump. It is very fuckable."
I smiled, turned around and walked over to the bed and sat on edge and face him. I placed a hand on his chest and rubbed his muscular chest. "I love your body too but then any female would. I bet you have had plenty."
"Not true. I am married to the service. Much of the work I have put into my body has been to do my job."
His hand reached up to massage my sensitive breast. He was so gentle and reverent I almost had an orgasm as I appreciated his body and he mine.
"My name is really Mercedes Ricci. I own several businesses and am very rich. I pretend to be Sofia, so no one will know that part of me."
"I understand. We all play roles."
My hands had moved to his penis. I stroked it, feeling the hardness and softness of it. His hands had found my soft clitoral hood. When stimulated, my clit protruded in what I thought was a gross way. But he had found it and was gently stroking it like no one had done. I had a nice orgasm and my wetness dripped on the bed. I bent over and lightly licked the tip of his penis tasting the precum. I wanted him inside me. I got on all fours, straddled his stomach and lowered myself slowly on him. My pussy was so wet and ready, I didn't stop until my fat labia were squished into his groin.
I let out a loud moan, shook, as I had a huge orgasm. I am sure my breasts would have been quivering if he hadn't had a tight grip on both of them. I loved the way he was squeezing them. It only enhanced my orgasm. As this orgasm subsided I lowered my upper body to his and kissed him. He moved his hands around to my ass and kneaded it while I kiss all over his face and shoulders.
I was slowly sucking his penis in and out of my puffy labia. He was hitting the small female penis so that I almost couldn't tell when the orgasm stopped and started.
He whispered, "You were right."
I whispered back, "About what?"
"That your fat pussy could suck my dick like nothing I had ever felt before."
I smiled and kissed him deeply, let my vagina settle on him and began to milk him just with my vaginal muscles. He was kneading my F's while I massaged his penis with my vagina. I couldn't stop having orgasms. I was so turned on. I started rocking back and forth on my knees. I rotated around his cock with my hips. I could feel the sweat running down my breasts.
Gavin, was still rubbing my tits, "Your whole body is glistening. It is so beautiful."
I was breathing hard but couldn't slow down. "Oh, gawd Gavin, I can't stop. It just is, oh gawd."
He said, "Don't stop. That feels so good Sofia. It is the best I have felt. I am ready to cum. Can I cum in you? Should you pull out?"
"Gawd no! I want you to fill me up. Oh, gawd that feels good." I could feel the first burst inside me. "Oh gawd, yeah, give it to me. Oh, fuck that feels good."
He came and came in me. After he was done I collapsed on him. I stayed on top of him until he penis popped out of my vagina. He finally said, "Sofia, that was great."
"Thank you for a great birthday. I am forty-three. I know I am too old for you, but I really like you."
"You don't look forty-three. Besides I am thirty-six. Not so different."
I raised up and smiled at him. "No, it isn't. Is it?"
He smiled back, "Not at all."
I kissed him and said, "Okay, now I really do need a shower. I am a mess."
"You are a beautiful mess."
I got up and went and took a shower including washed my hair. When I came back into the bedroom he was asleep. I couldn't blame him as it was two am, but I wanted to fuck again. I decided to slip beside him in the nude and hope he got the hint when he awoke in the morning. This was the first time I had slept in the nude with a man. Linda was the only other person I had slept nude with. I must have been exhausted as I dropped off to sleep almost immediately.
I dreamed about what Gavin looked like laying on my bed. I dreamed that he was massaging my breasts while kissing my neck. I dreamed that his hands were touching my breasts in a delicate manner that sent electricity through my body. This was definitely a wet dream. Laying on my side I could feel the juices flowing on my left thigh. I couldn't help myself as I moved my hand between my legs and lightly touched my elongated clit.
I then dreamed that Gavin was rubbing the large mounds of my ass while kissing my shoulder and back. I realized then this was not a dream. I pulled the anal lube out of the drawer I kept beside the bed and handed it over my shoulder, hoping he knew what I wanted. He did. He moved his mouth to my ass cheek and kissed first one cheek and then the other. I positioned a pillow below my breasts and rolled onto my stomach.
He straddled my legs, place a hand on each cheek and kneaded the mounds of flesh. He pulled them apart and pushed his tongue into my vagina. I had a huge orgasm as he held his tongue there. As this one subsided, he took that talented tongue and pushed it into my tight asshole. I was glad I had cleaned this area well when I showered. Pulling my ass cheek apart his tongue penetrated the tight sphincter. I had continued to use the anal plugs, so my anus was trained to relax. It felt so good to have him fuck my asshole with his tongue.
Still straddling my legs, he pushed some of the anal lube into my rosebud. He put first one then two fingers deep in my fat ass. He must have decided I was ready. He moved to where his dick was between my ass cheeks, ready to enter. He lowered his torso on my back, kissed my neck and ear and whispered, "You want it in your bum?"
"If you want to."
"Oh, I want to. You have a beautiful ass. It is so soft and smooth. I love it."
"Then fuck me in the ass. I want you there."
He slowly slipped his penis past the sphincter. It easily slipped into my butt. With a couple of strokes, he was in all the way. He held it there to let me get used to it. He was kissing my neck, back and ear. I had four fingers in my well lubricated pussy while my thumb masturbated the elongated clitoris.
With a slow rhythm he pumped in and out of my ass. With each pass in I felt him so deep he was massaging my G-spot. I was having orgasms as he pumped my bum.
He whispered to me, "Does that feel good?"
"Oh baby, that feels wonderful. I love having your dick inside me. Does it feel good to you?"
"It is so tight. Your ass is milking me like your pussy did."
"There are benefits to having a fat ass and pussy. Don't you think?"
"I don't think you are fat. I think you are just right."
"Baby, mark me. Suck my back and shoulder hard enough to mark me. I want to look in the mirror next week and remember you."
He did. He picked up his rhythm. I knew he wouldn't last long. It was so good to have a strong man fucking me. He could easily change the angles by controlling his body. He raised off my back so that he was kneeling with a knee on either side of my ass cheeks. He pumped hard and fast.
I said very loudly, "Oh yeah baby. Fuck that ass. Slam me hard. I want it all. Please baby fuck me hard."
He did. I heard him emote a primal sound as I felt his juices pump deep inside my bowel.
I said, "Oh baby that feels so good." I had pushed my whole hand into my over expanded vagina and had a great orgasm along with him. I felt him pump into me. Lots of it was flowing onto my ass cheeks. The juices from my vagina were messing up the sheets.
After his eruptions stopped he leaned over and said, "Let me get you a towel."
"Don't bother I will take another shower."
I rolled over and looked at the clock. I wrapped my arms around him, pressing my chest into his and said, "Gavin, that was the best. It has been my best birthday. Thank you."
"What do I call you?"
"If I'm not wearing the blonde wig, Mercedes."
"Mercedes, this was also the best day I can remember. You are great. I really, really like you."
"Honestly? When you are a rich bitch, it is hard to know when people really like you and not your money."
"Mercedes, I knew I wanted to get to know you as soon as you took care of those guys before us. I knew you were special, the way you handled that."
He melted me with this, I kissed him for a long time. "I really like you. Will I ever see you again?"
"Maybe. We really do have a six-month assignment overseas but when I get back I hope we can see where this goes."
"I would like that. Can I write you?"
"No. This assignment is secret. I can neither send or receive letters. I just can't tell you about the mission. You see I have more secrets than you do."
"I understand and believe you. I want you to come back safe and be here in this bed again."
"Baby that is the most incentive I have ever had to come back safely. I will dream about that every night."
I said, "I am starved. Let's get a quick shower and have breakfast."
We showered together. I put on a bra, tee shirt and jeans. As I was picking up the clothes I had left on the floor from the night, Gavin said, "Can I have the bandana top?"
"You want this?", I said, holding up the string top of two bandanas?
"Yes, I want something of you while I am in gone. I can't take anything that would identify you but that is very personal."
I handed it to him and kissed him on the cheek. "You take anything you want. Can I take picture of you?"
"Yes, as long you don't publish anywhere."
I took a headshot of him on my phone. He looked at his phone and said, "Oh yeah, I bet Sally will want these. I will send to your phone."
He sent the pictures he took of the gauntlet Sally had set up for Eric.
In the kitchen, Gabriela, my live-in cook and house keeper, was making breakfast.
"Hi Gabriela. This is Gavin. A friend. Gavin, this is my cook and house keeper. She lives in the house out back." Gabriela was first generation Italian with two kids to take care of.
She gave me a coy smile. In heavily accented English she said, "Good morning Dr. Ricci and Mister Gavin. I hope you are hungry. The others are showering. I gave the girls clean clothes to wear."
"Thank you, Gabriela."
Gavin said, "Gabriela that smells wonderful. And I am starving."
"Dr. Ricci, did you have a good birthday."
"I did. Thank you."
Gabriela said in Italian, "Uomo affascinante!"
Gavin laughed, "We all enjoyed Dr. Ricci's birthday. Grazie. Lei e bella donna."
Gabriela blushed as he had just said I was also a beautiful woman.
I asked, "How many languages do you know?"
"Several but Italian isn't my best."
Tim, Kiko, Linda and Eric entered to hear her call me Dr. Ricci. The girls were wearing oversize shorts, held up with belts and tee shirts. The tee shirts were Ricci Security tee shirt.
Tim said, "So it is Dr. Ricci not Sofia."
I said, "Let's go have a seat and I will explain. Let's get a cup of coffee. Gabriela, you can serve when you are ready."
I poured them each a cup of coffee and we seated ourselves in the dining room. I explained who I was. Before I finished Gabriela had served a large breakfast. As I finish the cliff notes of who I was I said, "If the tabloids ever found Dr. Ricci doing the things she did last night as Sofia, it would be very bad publicity for my businesses. You guys would get a nice fee for that information, but you would lose a friend."
Gavin said, "And I would be an enemy that you don't want. Not to mention that Marine we met last night."
Tim said, "Don't worry, we can keep a secret. We are loyal to Captain Morel and know he likes you a lot."
Eric said, "Hoorah."
I said, "Thank you, guys." I knew these guys would never betray a fellow comrade or a Marine.
Proctor got there about noon. He took a picture of the six of us in front of the house. I sent the pictures of Eric to Proctor and the girls.
After they all had a good laugh, Linda said, "That is why I am walking funny this morning. This guy carries a big stick."
Eric with proud said, "You got that right baby."
We piled into the limo to take the girls back to their apartments after dropping the guys off at the base. For the first time, we were quiet. None of us knew what to say.
At the gate, we each kissed our respective solder good bye.
Fighting back tears I asked, "Will I see you again?"
He said, "In six months I will be on your door steps. Here take this. You can give it back to me in six months." It was his knife with a West Point insignia on it.
"Thank you."
"But, Mercedes, we need to treat this like a one-night stand. It really is a dangerous mission. Anything can happen. I'm not being dramatic but don't wait for me. We are a long shot. The last day has been great but, well, you know. We like each other. The sex was off the charts but that is all we can say. Unfortunately, that is my life right now. And I sense you still have some things to work out."
Again, I managed to fight back tears. I shook my head, kissed him one last time and said, "You be careful. I expect to give this back to you in six months."
With that he turned to the guard at the gate, checked his bag and then saluted as he disappeared. I stood and looked at the gate until I heard Proctor say, "Time to go, Dr. Ricci."
I nodded, got in the front seat next to Proctor. Kiko and Linda slipped in beside us. I started crying as Proctor pulled away. I never cry. Kiko wrapped her arm around me and said, "Mercedes, it is going to be okay."
I was now in full flow, snorting, tear running down my cheek, and I couldn't talk.
Proctor said, "Are you okay? Want me to stop."
I managed in broken language, "No, snort, we need, snort, to move on and, snort, get the girls home."
Kiko said, "Don't worry about us. He will come back."
Calming a little I said, "Kiko, they may not return at all. It is dangerous where they are going. Besides, I am seven years older than him. Even if he comes back for another round, that is probably it. I'm nowhere in his league. He could have any young thing he wants."
Proctor said, "Did you ever think there is more to him than just a dick looking for a pussy? He may like that you are a tough competitor. Plus, you continue to underestimate how beautiful you are."
Linda said, "He is right about that. You may be older than Kiko and I but look, we would rather hang around with you than any of our other friends."
This made me cry again. I finally said, "Thank you. That helps. I think."
Proctor looked at the knife I was holding in my hand. He asked, "You know what you are holding, don't you?"
"A knife."
"No, not just a knife. That is a symbol that he graduated from West Point. He wouldn't have given it to you unless he was coming back. He was telling you for sure he would be back."
"I got it. If he can. I won't even know if something happens to him."
"He will add you to his contact list. No doubt in my mind."
I kissed Proctor on the cheek as he pulled up to Linda's dorm. I said, "Thank you all. You are such good friends. Don't worry about me. I will be okay."
Kiko said, "We know how tough you are."
Linda reached across Kiko, held my hand and said, "Call me next week. I am going to put pictures of Eric's dick on my wall. That man can fuck."
We all laughed. Which is exactly what I needed.
When Proctor dropped me off, he got out and gave me a hug. "He really likes you. Don't you think for a minute you don't deserve someone like him."
"Thank you. I love you and Sally. Make sure she gets the picture of her win over Eric."
"I will. She is going to enjoy that for a while."
He turned and drove off. I watched the limo go out the gate. I took the knife and laid it on my night stand. I would look at it every night before I fell asleep.