We hadn't really planned on spending the night, but the party had gone on longer than we expected and neither of us really wanted to drive the two hours back home, so we found a nearby hotel. It was a little on the seedy side, but we weren't feeling picky given our condition. The party had turned out to be more fun than we expected. It was a work party, so neither of us had planned to stay long, but once the drinks started flowing and we found a small group to hang with, we had a good time, and the three hours passed quickly.
Our room was on the second floor, overlooking the parking lot. Access was from a concrete walkway-balcony thing that ran the length of the building and onto which all the doors to the rooms opened. There were lights above each door, but I could see that one was burned out about five doors down. Turned out it was the one above our door. I opened the door, and Debbie followed me in. She dropped onto the one King bed in the middle of the room, arranging the pillows up against the headboard so she could sit up. There was one of those doors on the right wall near our entrance door that connected to the adjoining room. I unlocked the deadbolt and opened it only to see another door locked from inside the other room. I closed and re-locked the door.
"Go grab some ice, babe," Debbie commanded pointing at the ice bucket on the long dresser against the right-hand wall as you walked into the room. She smiled at me as she raised her left knee. She looked good in her tight black dress, stockings, and heels. Especially laying on the bed with that look on her face. She was in that carefree sexy mood she gets into after enough wine.
"Please," she added, sexily twisting her hair around her left finger and dropping her chin to her chest to look at me from the tops of her eyes.
"I knew to get some before you even asked," I replied. Getting ice was always the first thing she did, or asked me to do, whenever we entered a hotel room. She had to have ice water.
I grabbed the bucket, headed out the door and started down the outside walkway to the right of our room to where I thought I remembered passing an ice machine on the way up. There was a big picture window right next to our door, with the air conditioner right below it. As I turned to head for the ice machine, I noticed that only the sheer curtains were drawn and I could easily see through them. Something about looking through them at Debbie laying on our bed really turned me on. Maybe it was the kind of out-of-focus look you got from looking through them, or just the peeping-Tom effect since Debbie was oblivious to me looking in. I enjoyed the view for a few seconds, and then headed down toward the ice machine.
After filling the ice bucket I headed back toward the room. As I came around the corner I saw a couple walking down the hall about ten rooms or so ahead of me. The male half of the couple suddenly stopped, his head turned to look into one of the windows. I took in a quick breath and stopped where I was when I noticed the light above them was burned out. He was looking into our window, and I knew what he was seeing. The woman with him turned to look at what he was staring at, turned quickly back to her man, smacked him lightly on the shoulder shaking her head and pulling him down the hall. He followed but made an exaggerated effort to look around her for one last peek inside our room. I had to laugh a little as I started back down the walkway, wondering exactly what he had seen and getting a little turned on thinking about it.
I'd only made it a few steps when two younger guys stepped out onto the walkway ahead of me from the steps coming up from the parking lot. They were talking and didn't notice me about ten yards behind them. I watched as they got closer to our door under the burned out light. I noticed my breathing getting shallow and my heart pounding with anticipation the closer they got. The guy on the right stopped abruptly and grabbed his buddy's right arm with both hands. He was staring into our window. The guy on the left turned to look at what he was staring at. I ducked into the stairwell they had just come up so they wouldn't see me.
I slowly stuck my head around the corner of the wall at the top of the stairs to see what they were doing. They were both facing the window square-on now, about two feet from it, and watching intently. I wondered what they were seeing. I could hear my heart beat in my ears as blood flow to my crotch accelerated rapidly. I quickly pulled my head back as the guy on the left started to turn to look up the walkway in my direction. I could hear their voices talking quietly but couldn't make out anything they were saying. I peeked again, and they were standing in the same spots, still watching.
I decided there was no point in standing there any longer, and I was dying to know what they were seeing in my room, so I came out of the stairwell walking casually like a guy just getting ice. At first, they didn't notice me at all and remained transfixed on my window. When I was only about two doors down from them, the guy closer to me suddenly turned and saw me. He nudged his buddy, and they tried to casually walk away from me.
I stopped at my door, and looked through the window. Really, nothing much had changed. Debbie was still laying on the bed, back against the pillows in almost a sitting position. She had moved her left leg so that her left foot was resting on her right knee, which she had brought up so her right foot was about a foot from her butt. Then I noticed that you could see the lacey top of her thigh-high stocking on her left leg with her legs positioned as they were, and her dress sliding up her legs. She did look really good. I didn't blame them for staring. As light as it was inside the room, and as dark as it was under our burned-out light, it was like watching a big screen TV. Maybe that was why it was such a turn-on.
I slid the key card in, and glanced down the walkway in the direction of the two guys to catch them looking back at me. I gave them a friendly nod, and opened the door. They seemed a bit embarrassed when I acknowledged them, but they looked like nice guys, probably late twenties. I felt a little sorry for them. They quickly opened the door to their room and stepped inside. Turns out they were in the room right next to us. I walked inside our room.
I sat the ice bucket down on the dresser, grabbed one of the plastic cups, filled it with ice, and went to the sink to top it off with water. I handed it to Debbie.
"Mmmm, thanks babe," she purred at me. She was in a good mood, and I knew I was in for a fun night.
I glanced over at our window. The thin white curtains and the darkness outside made it just appear black from inside the room. The heavier curtains were drawn back to each side.
"You look great laying there like that. I'm gonna get some pictures," I told Debbie.
"I figured you might," she replied. Taking sexy pictures of Debbie is one of my favorite things to do, and hotels are always great because you get a completely new setting in which to take them. I pulled my camera from its case, popped off the lens cap and turned it on. I stood near the door, getting a shot toward the bed at about a forty-five degree angle. It put Debbie's legs in the foreground, and I got just a little hint of a view up under her dress when I squatted down. It looked hot.
Debbie held her cup of water in her left hand, her wrist resting on her left knee, she twirled her hair around the finger of her right hand, and then slowly moved her right hand down her neck and into her cleavage, and then very lightly across her right breast to rest on the bed.
I sat in the chair near the small table in front of the window. It was in the corner opposite the entry door, on the same wall, next to the big front window. Debbie stood up from the bed, on the opposite side of the bed, her back to me. She reached around her back, and unzipped her dress. She slid it off her shoulders and wiggled it down over her hips, then let it drop to the ground. Once it was there, she stepped out of it, and kicked it into the corner with her high-heeled left foot. She remained standing with her back to me, wearing only her black thigh-high stockings, black stiletto heels, and tiny black lacey panties that were mostly a waistband and not much else. The high heels really made her legs and ass look fantastic. She pulled her hair up over the top of her head with both hands, and shifted her weight from one foot to the other, making her ass cheeks flex one after the other. I was taking pictures as fast as I could.
Debbie spread her legs apart, and then leaned into the wall, her arms outstretched with her hands up against the wall, her back still to me. I was completely mesmerized by how hot she looked up against the wall as she arched her back and pushed her ass out towards me. Suddenly I heard the sound of one of the room doors closing. It came from the direction of the two guys and sounded very close, so I assumed it was them leaving their room. I wondered if they were going to walk past the window. I knew if they did, they'd look in, and then they'd really get a show.
I didn't have to wonder for long. Sitting as close to the window as I was, it was easy to hear their voices, especially the rather loud "holy shit!", that came from one of them. It got quiet out there after that, but even Debbie heard something.
"What's going on out there?" she asked, still facing the wall and moving her hips slowly in small circles.
"I think our neighbors are stumbling around outside our room," I answered, not wanting to tell her they were probably right on the other side of the window watching.
Debbie turned to face me. She leaned back against the wall, and brought her right foot up against the wall about even with her left knee, her hands covering her chest.
"Stumbling around, huh?" she asked, looking at me somewhat accusingly.
"What? I don't know what they're doing," I protested.
"You can see right in that window, can't you?" she asked. "You know, you were just out there," again with that accusing look.
"Yeah, pretty much," I admitted. I heard more noise from outside, then something, or somebody, brushed against the window. I hoped they didn't press their faces against it like five-year-olds.
"So, who's out there watching?" Debbie asked me. I wondered how long she had known, and the thought got me even more excited.
"Well, I'm not positive, but I'm pretty sure its our neighbors. I saw them earlier. They were looking in when I came back with the ice," I answered.
"Really? Do they look like perverts or dopers or what?" Debbie asked.
"Oh no, they look like two decent guys, well-dressed, at least. And they hurried off when they saw me, seemed embarrassed. I think they're just young, horny, and a bit silly," I answered getting a little louder toward the end and talking in the direction of outside the window. Debbie laughed as I finished my sentence.
"So, are you going to chase them off, or close those curtains, or..." Debbie let her voice trail off as her hands slid slowly down her chest and under her tits. She held her hands there, kind of lifting her tits up, and arched her back.
"I think this is probably the best show they've ever seen, and I'm getting horny as hell watching you perform for them," I answered sincerely.
"So you're just gonna sit there and let two young studs watch me?" Debbie asked as she slid her hands down her sides to her hips, stopping at the lacey black waistband of her tiny panties and then rolling her hips in a circle.
"Oh, hell yeah, this is super hot," I quickly replied.
She smiled and turned to face the wall again, keeping her hands on her hips. She bent at the waist and ran both hands slowly down her right leg starting at the lace at the top of her thigh stocking, and gliding slowly down to her stiletto heel. She bent her head down and let her hair fall almost to the floor, and then came back up as slowly as she had gone down. She grabbed her ass with both hands and gave it a squeeze, and turned back around to face me, and the window. She ran her hands from her knees up the insides of her thighs, across her stomach and back up and under her tits. She bounced them slightly, hard nipples protruding straight out, and then rolled both nipples with the thumb and forefinger of each hand. She leaned back against the wall, legs about shoulder-width apart, and bent her knees to slide down the wall to a squatting position, fondling her tits the whole time, knees well apart. She slid slowly back up, still leaning against the wall, and slowly ran her right hand down across her stomach, over her black panties, and between her legs as she moved her left hand from nipple to nipple, looking straight at the window the whole time. I was motionless, transfixed on her performance.
I was snapped out of my trance when I heard a flurry of sounds from just outside the window, and then two backs appeared pressed against the glass, side by side, shoulders almost touching. I could tell it was the two guys from next door, I recognized their shirt colors. I then heard the unmistakable high pitched sounds of little kids squealing and laughing. It started from the right and quickly passed toward the left, followed by a woman's voice moving in the same direction.
"Lauren! Ashley! Shh! Not so loud! And quit running!"
"Close the curtains!" I heard Debbie quickly demand from behind me.
I realized what our watchers were doing as I pulled the heavy curtains together, they had turned to block the view into our room from the passing mom and kids. Just in time probably, too. I felt kind of bad for them having to close the curtains. I felt worse for me, because things were just starting to get really interesting. I could barely hear male voices talking, and I'm not sure if I imagined it, or if they really did sound disappointed.
As I turned from the curtains I heard the sound of the door next door closing and I knew our audience had left our window and gone back to their room. Debbie was covering her chest with both hands, and was sitting on the edge of the bed.
"So much for the show. I hope they're not too disappointed," Debbie smiled at me.
"So much for their show, but no reason for mine to end," I replied smiling back, even though I was really bummed that our audience had left.
She gave me that look, and scooted back up on the bed into a seated position up against the pillows, placing both hands behind her head, her hard, pink nipples pointing upward.
"Too bad they had to go, I was just starting to have fun," Debbie teased as she grabbed her glass and took a sip of her water. Hearing that, I knew I had to figure out a way to keep this going. I couldn't let this opportunity slip away.
I remembered the door in the corner between our room and theirs, and I had a thought.
"I don't think they went very far," I said as I looked toward the door between our rooms.
I got up out of my chair and took the few steps over to the door.
"What are you doing?" Debbie asked as she sat up a little straighter and sat her glass on the nightstand next to the bed.
I smiled, gave her a little wink, and grabbed the latch for the deadbolt. I made sure I turned it extra hard so it would make enough noise to be heard in the next room. It was louder than I expected.
"Babe, are you sure that's a good idea?" Debbie protested quietly, but not too much, so I proceeded with my plan.
I took hold of the knob below the deadbolt, turned it, and opened the door just a couple of inches. I sat back in the chair. The way the door opened into our room, they wouldn't see me in the chair unless they opened it all the way. They would be able to see the bed though, even with the door just cracked. They'd have to open it a bit more to see all of the bed. As it was, they could probably only see up to about Debbie's knees, if they opened their door and looked.
I looked at Debbie, she looked back at me and couldn't help but laugh a little.
"You're bad," she said shaking her head a little, as she settled back down into the pillows and covered her breasts with her hands. We waited to see if anything would happen. It didn't take long.
I heard the sound of the deadbolt being turned ever-so-slowly on the other door. Debbie and I looked at each other quickly. She bit her bottom lip, raised her eyebrows, and made a circle with her lips in an "ooh, here they come" look. We both looked back at the doorway. I couldn't see their door because our door hid it from my view. I was sure Debbie couldn't see it either. The anticipation was ridiculous. My heart was beating like a drum. I could tell Debbie was pretty excited too. She bounced her legs on the bed excitedly. We were both being completely silent, listening for any sign of what was going on behind our door. I heard a click and knew the door was opening. My breathing grew rapid.
I looked at the floor by the door, and the carpet was brighter inside the door than outside. I knew their door was open now and light from their room was spilling out into the space between our doors. I could hear music now that I hadn't heard before. It was coming from their room, and it was getting louder as their door was opened wider. Since both doors were hinged on the same side, they'd have to open their door fully before being able to sneak a peek through the small gap I had left when I opened ours.
I glanced in Debbie's direction, she looked back at me. I nodded at her silently. Debbie looked back at the door and raised her left knee up off the bed, swung her left foot over her right knee, and placed her stiletto heel on the bed where it would be seen easily. I smiled knowing she was positioning herself to make a good first impression. She glanced back at me, and I nodded approvingly at her new pose. I noticed her eyes get big, and I looked back at the door in time to see our door slowly opening further into our room. The gap was about six or eight inches when the door stopped moving.
I looked back at Debbie, she glanced at me, and then her eyes went back to the door as she ran her left hand down her left leg, starting at her knee and moving slowly down to her ankle. She wrapped her hand around her ankle, and then moved it slowly back up her leg as she slowly straightened her left leg, holding it up off the bed and pointing her toes toward the ceiling. She then slowly brought her left foot back down to its starting position next to her right knee.
I was watching Debbie intently, but caught movement from the corner of my eye as she brought her foot back down to the bed, and I turned to see our door opening farther. It opened to a gap of about twelve inches or so, and I could see just the tip of a shoe sticking out from behind the door pushing it open. I looked back at Debbie and she quickly laid her head back on the pillows and closed her eyes. The door opened a few more inches. They had to have a clear view of the entire bed now. I figured Debbie had gotten a glimpse of one of them and that was why she had laid back and closed her eyes so quickly.
Debbie was pretty still on the bed, legs in the same position, hands still covering her breasts. As I looked at her, she moved her right hand slowly down and off her breast exposing her right nipple. She then moved her right thumb slowly back and forth across her hard nipple a few times. She then pinched her nipple between the thumb and first finger of her right hand and moaned audibly. I heard a male murmur from behind the door, and the door quickly opened about double what it had been. It was about half open now. Debbie didn't notice the door as she still had her eyes closed. Or if she did, she didn't show any sign of it. I knew if she looked toward the door now she would definitely be able see whoever was standing behind it. I got even harder than I already was. This was fun.
I looked back at Debbie to see she was now fondling both nipples at the same time. Rubbing her hands across both breasts, pinching her nipples, and rolling them between her thumb and fingers. She cupped both breasts and lifted and squeezed them. I knew she was giving our guests the best view possible of her tits, and I loved it. I'm sure they did too as I heard an involuntary male moan escape somebody's mouth from behind the door.
Debbie turned her head to the left, away from me and the open door, rolled a little that direction and reached over with her left hand for something. I couldn't see from my position in the chair what she was reaching for as she blocked my view, but she kept working her right breast with her right hand so I didn't mind. She rolled back over onto her back, head back and eyes still closed, and brought her left hand to her neck. In it she held a large ice cube.
So that's what she had been reaching for over there.
She ran the ice cube ever-so-slowly down her neck, between her breasts, down to her belly button, and back up. She then slid it down again and over to her left nipple. As the ice contacted her nipple, she took in a quick, loud breath, followed by a long, slow sigh as she made circles around her nipple with the ice cube. She then moved it to her right nipple, cupping that breast with her right hand as her left made little circles with the ice cube around that nipple. Water ran down her side to the bed, both nipples now glistened with moisture. Debbie slipped the ice cube into her mouth to let what was left of it melt in her mouth. She rolled onto her left side again and reached back into her cup for another ice cube.
As she rolled back onto her back this time, she moved her left foot from the right side of her right knee over closer to the left edge of the bed and brought her right foot up, both knees bent and pointed at the ceiling, bottoms of both feet on the bed, still in those stiletto heels. She started the ice cube at her neck again, just below her chin and ran it straight down between her breasts, across her stomach to the black lace waist band of her panties and then moved it sideways just above her panties, from hip to hip.
She moved her right hand down between her raised thighs, hooked her thumb under her panties, and lifted them up just enough to slip her left hand under and hold the ice cube against her crotch. She took in a quick breath, arched her back, and then settled back down as she held the ice cube against herself. She moved her left hand back and forth under her panties, moaning softly, and slowly rolling her hips. Her right hand moved back up to pinch her right nipple, and then her left, as she continued working her pussy with her left hand.
Debbie opened her eyes and very, very slowly turned her head to look in the direction of the door. My breathing got more rapid and my heart raced even more than it had been as her gaze made its way slowly along the floor, to the bottom of the door. I was watching her eyes intently as she brought them up slowly from the bottom of the door, to what had to be eye level with at least one member of our audience. When her eyes stopped moving upward, a little smile crossed her lips. She then licked her lips, keeping her eyes locked on whoever was behind the door, and started grinding her hips more insistently against the motions of her hand on her pussy.
Her moaning got more frequent as her hand and hips moved more and more vigorously, she kept her eyes locked on her watcher the whole time. She moved her right hand from her tits to point at the guy behind the door, turned her hand over, and wiggled her finger in a "come here" motion. He didn't hesitate, our door immediately pushed further open and in he walked. He was tall, probably 6'2" or so, thin but not skinny, dark hair, and with a big grin on his face. He stopped at the foot of the bed, still not noticing me, when his buddy stepped into the room. He was probably six inches shorter than the first guy, also dark hair, but with a stockier build. They stood side-by-side with their hands in their pockets. Debbie was lightly stroking her right nipple with her right hand, while her left hand was still on her pussy but just gently moving side-to-side now.
"Have you naughty boys been watching me?" Debbie asked with feigned innocence, still gently fondling herself top and bottom.
They looked at each other, kind of shrugged, and they both nodded affirmatively.
"You're super hot," said the shorter guy.
"Yeah," was all the taller one could get out.
"Oh, so you like what you see, do you?" Debbie asked. More vigourous nodding followed from the boys.
"I think I should at least know your names, since you've seen me almost naked," Debbie suggested, and raised her eyebrows at them questioningly.
The shorter guy answered quickly, "I'm Mark and this is Mike. Very nice to meet you," Mark said pointing at Mike.
"Yeah, really nice... really," Mike kind of stammered out.
"Well, Mark and Mike, come in and get a little closer. The view from the front row should be much better than through the window, or a crack in the door," Debbie said as she waved them to the bedside with her left hand. She montioned to each side of the bed as they made their way over. Mark walked around to the far side of the bed, on Debbie's left, and Mike stood on the opposite side with his back to me.
Mark looked up at me, and I think it was the first time he noticed me even being in the room. I nodded at him from the chair in the corner. Mike turned to look over his left shoulder at me, and I smiled and nodded at him, too.
"Oh, that guy in the corner is my husband, and he's enjoying the show more than you two, believe me," Debbie chuckled a little and glanced at me as she said that.
"Wow, that's awesome. I hope to have a marriage as cool as yours some day," Mark said wistfully, looking at me. Debbie laughed.
"Hey, babe, did you hear that? We have a cool marriage! It is pretty cool. We like to make each other happy, right babe?" Debbie asked as she turned to look at me and smiled.
"That's right, and my happy meter is in the red right now," I replied.
That got a laugh from everybody, and some shifting around from the boys. Both Mike and Mark still had their hands in the pockets, trying in vain to hide their obvious hard-ons.
"Your meter isn't the only one in the red," Debbie said looking long and hard at Mark's bulging crotch before moving to take in Mike's similar bulge, and resuming her work on her own crotch with her right hand while moving her left to her right nipple. The guys remained motionless, fixated on Debbie as her hips again started lifting off the bed to grind against her hand. She threw her head back and closed her eyes and let out a long, low, sexy moan. Watching her perform with two guys standing so close to her was incredibly exciting.
After a minute or so, Debbie opened her eyes and looked from Mark to Mike.
"This isn't fair. You guys have way too many clothes on. I'll let you each take one thing off of me, but then you have to pay for it by removing something of yours," Debbie suggested.
The boys smiled at each other and nodded. Debbie removed her right hand from under her panties, and put both hands behind her head. She looked super sexy laying there bare-breasted, nipples hard, legs now crossed at her ankles. The matching black lace of her panties and thigh-highs against her pale skin, and those long, pointed heels made for a memorable scene.
"So, you can each remove one of my heels," Debbie announced.
Mike and Mark sat on the bed simultaneously and each took a foot in one hand. They very gently started to work on the strap around each ankle. Once Mark got his buckle opened, he slowly slid the shoe off Debbie's foot with his left hand while running his right hand slowly up her calf from her ankle to the back of her knee and back down. Meanwhile, Mike slipped off her right shoe a little after Mark got the left one off, and he kneaded the bottom of her right foot with both hands. That got an approving moan from Debbie. Mark took the hint and started rubbing her left foot too. It looked really hot seeing two guys rubbing my wife's feet, while she laid back and moaned with pleasure.
"Ok," Debbie abruptly announced, "Time to pay up. Shirts off!"
Without hesitation, they both stood back up and started unbuttoning their shirts from their positions on each side of the bed. Debbie lightly brushed her nipples with both hands as she watched them closely, eyes moving from Mark to Mike and back again. They were young, and in good shape, so they looked good with their shirts off, better than I do anymore.
"Nice. I like what I see. Ok, one stocking for each of you now," Debbie said wiggling her feet and putting her hands back behind her head.
The guys sat back on the bed on either side of Debbie. They each grabbed the top lacey portion of one of Debbie's black stockings and started to ever-so-slowly peel them from her legs. Mark would stop every so often and rub his hands up and down Debbie's left leg, getting danger close to her crotch each time. Mike placed one hand on the back of Debbie's right knee and brought it up close to his face. Debbie slid her right foot back so that her leg was bent at the knee. As Mark brought her stocking slowly down and over her knee, he kissed her bare knee. I saw Debbie smile at him for that. He did it again, and followed with a little lick across her knee with his tongue. Debbie gave him a quick up-and-down of her eyebrows. I adjusted my position in the chair to give my rigid cock a little more room. This was getting interesting. I was beginning to wonder just how far this would go.
Mike cupped Debbie's left heel in his hand as he slipped the last of her stocking from her foot. As he dropped the stocking to the floor next to the bed with his right hand, he bent forward and kissed Debbie's big toe, looking up at her as he did so. She gave him a little smile, and he took her toe into his mouth. Debbie let out a soft moan and laid her head back. Mark slipped the stocking he was working on from Debbie's still-bent right leg, kissed her knee again, and then ran his tongue slowly down the front of her calf, across the top of her foot, and then took her right toe into his mouth. Another moan from Debbie as she enjoyed the two of them working on both toes at the same time.
"Mmmm, ok," Debbie moaned. "Time to pay up again. Drop those drawers boys."
Dutifully, both guys stood right up and began working on their belts. Mark kicked off his shoes as he undid his pants. Mike bent over and pulled his shoes and socks off before sliding his pants to the floor and then kicking them in my direction. Mark stepped out of his pants and laid them on the dresser at the foot of the bed. They were both wearing boxers, and their hard-ons were comically pushing them out. Debbie giggled at the site.
"Nice tents fellas," she teased them. They tried to hide them by sheepishly clasping their hands over their crotches, both turning a little red.
"I've only got one thing left, so you'll have to share this time," Debbie said breathily, left leg still flat on the bed and right leg still bent at the knee.
The boys eagerly sat back on the bed. I could see Mark lick his lips with anticipation and glance at Mike. Debbie lowered her right leg to lay flat on the bed, her feet about a foot apart. Mark placed his left hand on Debbie's left leg, just above her knee, and hooked the first finger of his right hand through the lacey waistband of her panties. Mike wrapped his right hand around Debbie's right ankle and hooked his left thumb under her waistband. They glanced at each other again and then started to slide her panties down surprisingly slowly. I noticed Mark's left hand sneaking higher up Debbie's left leg. Debbie lifted her hips to raise her butt off the bed to make things easier for them. I was wondering if my heart was going to pound its way right out of my chest. Debbie looked at me, smiled, and made a kissing motion in my direction. I kept my eyes on the hands removing my wife's panties.
Once her panties slipped off her hips, Debbie brought her legs together tightly. As the boys continued sliding the lace and silk panties further down her thighs, Debbie raised her knees and brought her feet up closer to her butt, keeping her knees together. Mike and Mark slid her panties over her raised knees, down her calves, and off her feet. Mark tossed them aside and then rubbed her left calf with his left hand. Mike had kept his right hand wrapped around her ankle after removing her panties.
"Time to even the odds, boys. Get those shorts off!" Debbie said smiling, keeping her knees up and pressed together tightly.
The boys stood back up, but a little more slowly this time. They were struggling with their protruding hard-ons, and trying to be subtle about it. The both put their hands on the waistbands of their boxers, and looked at one another as if they were each waiting for the other to make the first move. Suddenly, Mark pulled the waistband of his boxers out and over his raging boner, slipped them quickly to his ankles, and stepped out of them, his hard cock bouncing up and down with the movement. He placed his hands on his hips and looked down at Debbie, then over at Mike who had pulled his shorts just below his crotch and was lifting his let foot high to step out of them. Once he had his left leg out, he let them drop to his right foot and flicked them to the side. He and Mark looked at each other trying not to stare at each other's junk. I laughed a little to myself, and then shifted my gaze to see Debbie's reaction. She was taking in the sight, staring for a while first at Mark, and then turning her head toward Mike. She moved her hands from behind her head to her chest and started to massage her breasts, looking intently at Mark's engorged penis. She moved her right hand to her mouth, put the first two fingers into her mouth and sucked and licked them seductively, looking first right into Mark's eyes, and then straight into Mike's. I swear I could see their cocks pulsing with excitement.
She moved her now wet fingers to her right nipple, making little circles all around it and moving her wet fingers across it. She slowly slid her left hand down toward her crotch, her knees still up and held closely together. As her hand reached the point where her thighs touched, she let her knees slowly drop toward the bed, keeping her feet together. She covered her pussy with her left hand, and moved it slowly up and down, keeping her pussy out of sight beneath her hand. She was really building the anticipation. Finally, she slid her left hand slowly upwards and across her stomach revealing her perfectly smooth, cleanly shaved, and obviously very wet pink pussy. She moved her hand back down to her crotch, and slipped her middle finger inside herself. She spread the lips of her pussy apart with the first and third fingers of her left hand before sliding her middle finger out, and moving her left hand up to her left tit. She spread her knees a little further apart and raised her hips just a little off the bed.
"You guys better take care of those things before they explode on their own," Debbie said huskily, eyeing their bulging pricks.
Mark must have been waiting for permission because he immediately spit into his right hand and rubbed it all over the head of his dick. He spit again and started working his shaft in long, rhythmic strokes. Once Mark broke the ice, Mike cupped his hands in front of his mouth and loaded his palms with saliva. He then ran both hands down his shaft, leaving it shiny with moisture, and started stroking furiously in quick short strokes back and forth over just the top half of his long dong. Debbie's attention moved back and forth between the two guys, her eyes always locked on their cocks.
Debbie moved both hands from her tits to her pussy. She plunged the middle finger of her right hand as deeply as she could get it into her wet hole, and flicked the middle fingers of her left hand rapidly across her clit. She pulled her right finger out and immediately shoved the middle two fingers of that hand back into her pussy. She started working her right hand in and out while continuing the side to side movements with her left hand. She raised her ass up off the bed and pumped her hips against the motion of her right hand. Her moans grew louder and she started panting with each thrust of her hips. Mike let out a loud, deep grunt.
"Cum on me, cum on me!" Debbie almost yelled. "Cum all over my tits."
Mike shuffled to his left a step to line his cock up with Debbie's chest. He climbed up onto the bed to kneel beside her, never missing a stroke. He got right up next to her, the shiny, wet head of his cock nearly touching her right nipple. Debbie turned sligtly toward him to brush her tit against his dick. Mike noticed, and shoved his cock against her nipple, then started flicking the head of his tool quickly back and forth over her nipple. Debbie let out a satisfied groan.
Mark climbed up onto the bed on Debbie's left side and steered his cock to her left nipple. He spit into his hand, and rubbed it all over her nipple.
"Oh, yeah," Debbie sighed. "Cum all over me. Both of you. Cover me in cum!," she emphatically added.
That was it for me. When I heard Debbie say that I almost came in my pants. I had to get in on this before it was too late. I quickly undressed and walked to the foot of the bed. I climbed up onto the bed on my knees, and positioned myself between Debbie's legs. Debbie looked up at me, and spread her pussy wide with her right hand.
"Fuck me. Fuck me hard," Debbie commanded.
I placed the swollen head of my cock against her entrance and it felt almost like she sucked me inside. Her pussy was super wet. I drove my hips forward, slapping them hard against her ass. Debbie straightened her legs and rested her ankles on my shoulders. Mark reached over with his left hand, wrapped it around Debbies left ankle, and held her leg up and out. Mike then grabbed her right ankle and pulled it over to put Debbie's legs into a wide V-shape. It was super hot to have these two young studs spreading my wife's legs for me. As they spread her legs wide and lifted her ass off the bed a little, I felt like I drove deeper into her pussy. The slapping sound each time I bottomed out against Debbie's ass got louder, and my pace quickened.
Mike was stroking his cock rapidly with his left hand while his right arm was locked straight out from his shoulder and firmly holding Debbie's ankle. Mark was a mirror image of Mike, stroking with his right hand as his left arm was locked out to his side and a little behind him wrapped around Debbie's left ankle. I had my hands wrapped around Debbie's thighs, pulling her into me as I drove my pelvis against her faster and faster. Debbie let out a high pitched squeal each time we slapped together. I noticed that both Mark and Mike were staring intently at the action in Debbie's crotch, and I felt myself about to explode. Just then, Mike let out a deep grunt and shot a huge wad of cum across both of Debbie's tits. Debbie exclaimed in surprise, then moaned lowly, and moved both hands to her chest to start rubbing Mike's cum all over her tits as he shot another batch right between her tits. Her tits were completely covered in Mike's cum, but he still had one more smaller burst to squeeze out of his cock. Debbie held her right tit against the head of Mike's cock so he could squeeze the last of his load onto her right nipple.
As Debbie moved her right nipple around the head of Mike's cock, I shot the first of my load deep inside her. I let out a loud grunt and ground my pelvis against Debbie, then pulled back and slammed my cock forward as my second burst let go. Debbie was moaning loudly and rubbing Mike's cum all over her tits. Mark was pumping his cock furiously. I knew he had to be about to blow. Debbie must have known too because she was staring intently at Mark's cock.
Mark shot a stream of cum that went completely over Debbie and landed on the bed next to Mike. Debbie let out a suprised "Oh!" as her eyes followed its flight over her chest. I released the last of my load and held myself tightly against Debbie. Mark's second shot hit Debbie's left nipple and filled much of her cleavage. He rubbed the head of his prick back and forth across Debbie's left nipple as the last of his load streamed out of his still-rigid tool. Debbie mixed Mark's cum with Mike's and rubbed it all over her tits with her right hand. She scooped up the cum between her tits with her left hand and moved it to her pussy. I was still inside her as she rubbed the love juice all over her clit. She started to move her hips up and down, but my cock was already soft and it dropped out of her sopping-wet pussy after just a few of her thrusts. She let out a disappointed "ahh" as I fell out, and grabbed my cock with her left hand. She started pulling and stroking my tool in a vain effort to bring it back to life. I looked at her, and slightly shook my head, she made a pouty look with her bottom lip out. I felt like I shot a gallon of cum inside her, and felt really drained. I was so hard when I came that it felt like it released like a fire hose.
I could tell Debbie was still really horny. Mike and Mark were still holding her legs up and out. Mike was kind of absent-mindedly slowly stroking his semi-limp cock while looking Debbie up and down. Mark, on the other hand, was still rock-hard and was bouncing his hard cock up and down on Debbie's left nipple. I was impressed. I crawled back and off the bed. I noticed my cum running out of Debbie's pussy and down between her ass cheeks. She plunged her fingers into her cum-soaked pussy as I stepped off the bed. I paused for just a moment to enjoy the view. A guy on either side of my naked wife, holding her legs high and wide as she fucked herself. I could have stayed there, but I knew Debbie needed more and I wanted her to have it. Tonight I was going to make sure she got all the cock she could handle.
I walked around to the side of the bed where Mark was standing. I placed my left hand around Debbie's ankle just below Mark's hand, and placed my right hand on his shoulder. Debbie had her eyes on me as she continued fingering herself.
"Let's trade places," I told Mark. He looked at me a little surprised, raising his eyebrows.
"Really?" he asked. I nodded and he let go of Debbie's ankle and made his way to my former position on the bed.
As I positioned myself on the bed at Debbie's left side, she was looking at me intently as if to ask if I was really doing this. I looked back at her and smiled. She smiled back and I bent down to kiss her. As our mouths met, she placed her left hand behind my head and pulled me against her, kissing me passionately, running her tongue inside my mouth, and sucking my tongue into her mouth.
Suddenly, her mouth opened wide and she sucked air in quickly as her whole body tensed. I knew Mark had entered her. I turned my head from Debbie's face to look at her crotch in time to see Mark pulling his cock slowly back and almost out of Debbie. Debbie let out a super sexy moan as he moved until his cock was just barely still inside her. He then drove back in hard and fast, and Debbie took in another quick breath. They then got into a rhythm. Debbie panting louder and higher with each of Mark's deep thrusts.
I was so mesmerized watching Mark's thick cock plunging in and out of my wife's pussy that I was totally surprised when Debbie grabbed my cock with her left had and started pulling it toward her face. I scooted on my knees up closer to her head. Once I was close enough Debbie devoured my dick. I was still soft, so she swallowed my entire cock into her mouth easily and started milking it. I could feel my member slowly coming back to life. The sensations of Debbie hungrily sucking on me, and the sight of Mark furiously pounding her at the same time were enough to get me about half hard again.
Debbie pulled her mouth away from my cock and started whimpering with each of Mark's thrusts. His pounding increased to a jack hammer pace. Debbie got louder and louder, finally nearly shouting with each stroke.
"Fuck! Yes! God! Fuck! Oh! God! Fuck! Oooooooooh!" I'd never heard her so vocal before. I knew Mark had to be about to blow his load when suddenly Debbie's whole body convulsed several times. She pulled her leg from my grasp, and dropped her foot to the bed. She did the same with her right leg. With both feet on the bed, knees bent, she drove her hips up, and ground her pussy furiously against Mark. Mark let out a loud yell as his body shook violently for at least a full minute. I knew he was filling Debbie's pussy with his cum, and my cock fluttered at the thought.
"Your turn," Mark looked at Mike and said. I was both surprised and turned on at his boldness.
"Oh god, not yet. I need some water," Debbie said, still out of breath from Mark's pounding.
I grabbed her glass off the nightstand next to me, grabbed some ice out of the bucket on the dresser, and filled it in the bathroom. I brought it to Debbie who was now sitting upright on the bed, legs crossed indian-style. I handed her the cup and she nearly drained it. She got up onto her knees, turned toward me, and came up for a kiss. We kissed a nice, long gentle kiss this time. She pulled her head back from me, looked up into my eyes, and said, "I love you so much."
"I love you too. You are so freaking sexy," I replied, and we kissed again.
Debbie kept her eyes locked on mine as she backed away from me on the bed on all fours. She then took my cock in her right hand, still looking at me, and brought her mouth to the head. She rubbed the head of my dick across her lips, licked it lightly, all the while staring into my eyes. I was still only about half hard, but things were happening down there. I glanced across to the other side of the bed where Mike was still standing. He was watching closely, stroking his now-stiff cock. Debbie noticed where I was looking and stopped sucking me to look over her right shoulder at Mike.
"Somebody is patiently waiting for his turn," she said looking at Mike. She backed across the bed, moving closer to Mike, but still holding onto my cock firmly. I had to climb up on the bed to follow her. She looked up at me with a naughtly look in her eyes. As her feet dropped off the side of the bed, she wiggled her ass at Mike, looking right me as she did so. Mike positioned himself between Debbie's dangling feet, and bent his knees slightly. Debbie took me back into her mouth, but quickly released me to take in a quick, deep breath. I knew Mike's cock was sliding into her at that point. Debbie rested her head against my stomach as I kneeled on the bed, still holding my cock with her right hand, and her head started pushing against me with the rhythm of Mike's thrusts into her from behind. Mike grabbed Debbie's hips with both hands and started pulling her violently against his pelvis. Each time he drove his cock into her it made a loud slapping sound. Each time he pulled back out Debbie's pussy made a sloshing sound it was so full of cum and her juices. Debbie wrapped both of her arms around my hips as Mike's pounding grew in severity. She dug her fingers into my ass cheeks. I hoped they would finish soon because my ass cheeks were on fire from her digging and scratching. Mike let out a long, deep, guttural growl, his knees buckling more with each convulsion, until he dropped down to the floor in a sitting position, completely spent.
I was hard as a rock again and didn't want to waste it. So I quickly moved around the bed to Mike's side. Mike scooted away from the bed to make room for me, and I stepped into position behind Debbie. There was a pile of cum on the bed directly below her crotch, and more was dripping from her swollen and red pussy as I guided my cock to her opening. I slipped in easily, Debbie gasped, and I pounded her harder and faster than ever.
I had completely lost track of Mark, but noticed him stepping in front of Debbie across the bed from me. Debbie looked up at him and reached for his hard cock. That guy was no joke. He crawled up onto the bed to kneel in front of Debbie, and she hungrily devoured his thick member. Mark reached under Debbie and grabbed both tits with his hands. I held Debbie's left hip with my left hand, and moved my right hand across her right ass cheek toward her pussy. I ran my thumb around the base of my cock as I continued to drive into Debbie's hot hole, covering my thumb in cum. I moved my thumb up to Debbie's tight little asshole and slipped it slowly inside. Debbie let out several little whimpers, her mouth still full of Mark's cock, as I ran my thumb as deeply as I could up her ass. I could feel my thumb against my cock, and feel Debbie's pussy tighten around me. I started alternating the thrusts of my cock with those of my thumb. Cock in, thumb out, cock out, thumb in. Debbie was writhing and crying in ecstacy. It was hard to keep up with her twisting and moving on the bed as I drove my thumb and cock in and out rapidly.
"I'm gonna cum!" Mark shouted. I expected Debbie to point his cock at the bed and finish him with her hand, instead, her moaning grew louder and she buried her face against his crotch and wrapped her left arm around his hip to hold him in place. Mark groaned several times in rapid succession, and Debbie kept his cock buried down her throat until he was finished. The sight was more than I could handle and I felt myself climax inside her pussy. I held my thumb deep inside her ass as I came, and I could feel my cock pulse as I shot load after load deep inside Debbie. Debbie collapsed face down into the bed.
"I'm done. I can't take anymore," Debbie sighed. It was the best thing I could hear. My wife was totally satisfied, she had had all the cock she could handle, and that made me very happy.