[Lana and Will have Been Partying in the Caymans with their new Swinger's Voy-Ex Club. Upscale people, incredible place, open-minded attitudes about sexual scenes that they call vignettes. Lana feels the need to confess a scene that was far hotter than normal, and Will and Lana have pledged honesty about their individual encounters.
--------------------------------------
Babe, it starts with me on Rich's private beach, lying on my stomach, sunbathing, naked of course, and I was with Marti, RIch's wife... I thought Rich was with you, playing tennis. Then Marti said she needed to go to her room for a few minutes. I was just laying there, thinking about last night -- how hard I came for Vince - how hot it was when you practically threw yourself at me so I could "help you feel better." Fuck babe, I was on the edge before this confession even starts. Here's how it starts...
I felt a line of lotion being poured on my ass, some of it ran down my crack, onto my pussy. Rich's voice said, "Hi Sexy Lady." And I didn't even turn toward him, just said "Hi, asshole." You remember why I said it, right? The last time Rich and I were together I was in the Voy-Ex vignette about a horny wife wearing only panties, and he practically humiliated me with how hot he got me and how many orgasms I had...and that was after I had tried to resist, and he just laughed at my resistance and owned me.
So his voice sounds hurt, "My my, sweet Lana," 'asshole' seems harsh - I'm just a guy trying to help your ass not get sunburned. And his hand started rubbing in lotion, in circular motions on my ass, in my crack, and then directly on my clit, slipping into my pussy." I was gasping, but trying not to let him know how hot I was.
He smiled. "You're just pissed because you lost the element of surprise again, right... and a finger was teasing my rosebud."
"Yes," I gasped, "It's not fair.... I thought you were playing tennis, and ..." But he shut me up with two fingers, plunging deep inside me... I could hear my juices being stirred by his fingers. My legs were opening for him, on their own.
"All's fair, sexy lady, in love and war - and I like to think of this as love.
"I like to think of it as war, you asshole."
"You're losing again."
"I know"
"You need to learn to play better defense." And the fingers plunged and teased and he was finding my G-spot.
"I know... you ambushed me... ooh fuck.. Ooh ooh ooh..
I'm going to fuck you soon."
"I know." [God Babe... I was helpless. His fingers were deep, somehow a finger was on my rosebud, a thumb on my clit. Then he took time to tease my tits.]
"No fight today, sweet Lana, no big stare down, no battle of wills?. "No, Rich" and I moaned gently, "No fight today... ooh.".
"Why is that, Sweet Lana, I want to hear you tell me why you're fucking me with no fight."
"Because I'm so hot right now I'd fuck a cucumber and you are slightly better than a cucumber."
He laughed heartily, "Good one... you never give up do you..." But he lifted my hips higher and pushed my shoulders onto the towel, and got behind me, and plunged into me.
"Oh Fuck, Rich... oh fuck. I've given up this time. Last night got me so hot...oh fuck." And I felt him start to fuck me deeper and harder. And I wanted it, Babe. I was so hot."
He growled into my ear. "You know I'm going to make you pay for the smart-ass cucumber remark, don't you."
"Oh God, Rich, make me pay... please make me pay... oh fuck. I am so hot." And the spiral began, and I knew he would be cumming in me soon. And I wanted it. I wanted him, so bad I couldn't believe it. And soon he fucked me off the edge and we were cumming together, and gasping and moaning together. And when our bodies were still again, he whispered, "I really do like you, sweet Lana.
And I said, as strongly as I could muster, "I like your cock, but I still think you're an asshole." And he chuckled, but it was a friendly chuckle." Let's see what we can do about that."
Then he was thrusting inside me again, and touching my clit and fingering my rosebud, and somehow he was taking me back up again. And he knew when I had almost reached the edge. And I knew that he knew my body that well, and that made me hotter. Then he whispered, "Spread wider for me, Lana, I like it when your ass is up like this and you're spread wide." And I knew he was teasing me and intentionally dominating me, but I spread my thighs more for him -- and that made me hotter.
And while he was deep in me, he thrust and my body flailed, and he said, "If you keep letting me fuck you like this, I think you'll start liking me better." And he thrust deep, over and over, and I was on the edge, and he said, "Do you think so?" And he thrust three more times and held his cock there, in me, deep...I was squeezing, clenching, gasping...
He thrust one more time and I was spiraling, "Oh fuck, Rich, yes...YES,, I think I'll like you better... oh fuck." AAAGH, ... oh oh ... how did you do this to me? OH. OH, FUCK, CUMMMMING CUMMMING!!." I had felt his cock expanding in me, then his whole body went rigid, his cock deep in me... and he exploded in me again... and ''ooh god" I was feeling his cum surge deep, and I was trying to milk his cock for every spasm. And I was quivering and cumming in waves the whole time.
-----------------------
God, Babe, he gave me such an incredible fucking, it still makes me tingle to think about it; to think how helpless and vulnerable I was, and how I couldn't stop him...even if I had wanted to. Because the cock took me from behind," there was nothing I could do but wait... and to tell you the truth, to want ... and to welcome it and love that it was fucking me so hard and deep.
Then she snuggles up to me and says sweetly, "Are you pissed at me, Babe? I really didn't mean for it to happen."
And of course I can't be pissed because this whole sharing thing had been my idea, but holy shit, I didn't anticipate that she might run into maybe the greatest swordsman east of the Mississippi River. So I relaxed as much as I could while she told me how it felt and how hard she had tried to resist and how good her waves of orgasm felt... then about Rich looking down at her writhing, quivering body and smiling triumphantly... And of course her story and her active hands caused me to scream out loud and shoot my cum-wad over my left shoulder.
Then she smiles at me and says, "That was impressive, Babe, I'll bet Rich can't shoot a wad that far." So just as I was beginning to feel a little more competitive she inserts the dagger into my jealousy center... "Of course, I wouldn't have any way to know."
"You are a slut, know that?
You love it, right?
Yes, Babes, I love it, and I love you.