"You decided faster than I expected."
I shrugged. I was sitting across from Smitty at one of the long dining tables going over the details of how the character concept would work. We had already come up with solutions for most of my main concerns, and now we were just fleshing out the details. "Well," I explained as I looked up from the page I was writing on, "I don't really have a problem with the nudity per se. My main concern was how certain people would react, but I'm not worried about that anymore."
I thought back angrily at the look of satisfaction I had seen on Gregg's face.
"Yeah, I think we found a good solution for that." Smitty patted the small device sitting on the bench next to him.
I smiled as I broke out of the memory. He wasn't talking about the same thing I was, but that was fine. I'd rather the fewer people who knew, the better.
I felt someone come up behind me. "Do you mind if I steal her away now? I would like to help her with her costume."
Smitty and I both looked at the costume mistress. She was holding a small box, and smiling like a kid with a new toy.
"Oh. I wasn't going to bother with the dress."
"I know." She shook the box and I heard a rattling sound. "I wanted to try out some ornamentation that I haven't had a chance to. I'm Meaghan, by the way."
"Hi Meaghan, I'm Rachel." I held out my hand and she shook it. Turning back to Smitty, I asked, "is there anything more you need me for?"
"Not that I can think of. I'm just going to work on some plot over here. I think we should have your character come in just after dinner. It should still be warm enough at that point. We'll just need to keep you out of sight until then."
I nodded, and Meaghan grabbed me by the arm and pulled me towards her costuming station. "That gives us a lot of time. This will work out great." She stood me up in front of a mirror, then slowly rotated me around in a circle. She seemed deep in thought, so I just let her do her work. She set the box down on a small side table and opened it up. I looked down and saw a variety of different beads and crystals of all different shades and styles separated into their individual sections.
"A glamour should look glamourous," Meaghan said, mostly to herself. "Let me see. Nicely tanned. No real bra line?" Meaghan looked up at me, questioningly.
"I told you the nudity wasn't really an issue. I usually sunbathe topless in my yard."
Meaghan nodded. "That makes things easier. I won't need to use too much tanner for concealment. Now off with the bottoms."
"What?" I looked around the room. Everyone had stopped what they were doing and were now looking at me.
Meaghan didn't even bother to look around the room. "If you can't strip naked in front of this small group, how are you going to be naked in front of 82 guys and 24 girls for the rest of the week?"
I closed my eyes and released the drawstring on my skirt. I let it fall, and quickly pushed my panties off as well. There was some slight murmuring from the other people in the room, but I was soon distracted by Meaghan's attentions.
"Nicely trimmed." I blushed. I had been expecting some "quality time" with my boyfriend this week. That wasn't going to happen now. "Would you mind if I did some shaping with it though?"
"Shaping?"
Meaghan looked around at the others in the room. They quickly pretended to resume what they were working on. "You know what. Let's leave these losers alone. You come with me, and we'll find a place to discuss all the fabulous things I have in store for you." She winked and guided me by the hand down a set of stairs. "Besides, they have to get set up for lunch, and we don't want everyone seeing you until you're ready."
Once again, I was reminded that I was about to be naked in front of a huge number of people. As I had said, I didn't mind being naked. The half dozen people upstairs hadn't even been the most I had been naked in front of - that would have been the twenty-plus at the cast party from our performance of Macbeth my senior year in high school. But the previous times had all been spontaneous. This would be the first time that I had planned to show my body off. And, it seemed if Meaghan had her way, I would be presenting it as a work of art. The idea both terrified me and made my body tingle...
Meaghan led me to a quiet room downstairs set up with a couple of bunks with sleeping bags on them and a table in the middle. "This is my room," Meaghan informed me as I looked around. "You can stay here this afternoon. I'll bring you food and anything you need. But first, please stand over there."
She sat down at the table and brought out a sketch pad. I moved to where she had been pointing, and watched as she drew a quick picture of me. "Wow, you're amazing." Her hands practically flew across the page, and I could see the form of my body appear on the paper in front of her.
As she finished, she turned the page to face me. I moved forward and leaned on the table. "So, here is what I have in mind. First, do you mind if I dye your hair?"
"Dye my hair?"
"Yeah. It's a temporary dye. Should only last about a week. But I think your character would look really good with blue hair. Really water-like. Second, I think it would look really pretty if we trimmed your bush into the shape of a water droplet. Color it blue to match the drapes, and voilà." She made a few motions with her pencils, and I had to admit, it looked like a water nymph. "I'm also going to use tanner on your panty lines. Have to make sure to use the waterproof one." She seemed to be engrossed in her work again, so I sat down and let her talk. "Then create a design with the blue and green gems here, here and here."
Finally she finished her sketch, and I marveled at her masterpiece. "You really are an amazing artist."
"I'm majoring in graphic design at college. I love doing this sort of thing. So what do you think?"
"I think if you can make me look half as beautiful as your picture, I'll be awestruck."
Meaghan laughed. "Well, shall we get started then?" I watched as she put a variety of products into a small shoulder bag, gathered up a towel, and headed for the doorway. She opened the door and was on her way before I could even stand up.
After walking a few yards, she turned back to me. I was still in the doorway, looking in both directions. "There's no one down here right now. Even if there was, they're going to see you anyway. Quit being so silly."
Once again, I steeled myself, and followed her down the hallway, trying to act more secure than I felt. She motioned to a door, and I went inside. There were rows of shower stalls on both sides with curtained changing areas in front of them.
Meaghan smirked as I looked around in surprise. "The player characters have to find natural ways of getting clean - if they bother at all, but us staff and NPCs get nice hot showers. Pick a stall."
I walked through the first curtain on the right, and turned the water on. She was right. The water was steaming hot almost immediately. I stepped under the spray and closed my eyes, letting all of the tension I had been feeling float away.
My mind drifted back to that cast party. Bryce, our lighting guru, had offered his place for the after party since he had a rec room in his basement. His parents had said hi to us, bought us some pizzas and sodas, and then had gone upstairs for the night. We had all been feeling the euphoria of the show closing. Some people were dancing, some were playing a fairly tame game of truth or dare, and a couple of people were playing on a computer that was set up in Bryce's basement. Suddenly, Bryce shouted out, "Hey, everyone. Listen to this."
Apparently, they had been looking up Macbeth on the internet and had discovered that in various past incarnations of the performance, Lady Macbeth's famous Act 5 Scene 1 speech was performed nude or as a strip tease. Slowly, all eyes had turned to me, Lady Macbeth. I felt my body start to become aroused as two dozen people undress me with their eyes.
"I have two nights watched with you but can perceive no truth in your report. When was it she last walked?" Alex, who had played the doctor during the performance got up behind me and began the scene.
Sally, the gentlewoman, quickly added her lines. "Since his majesty went into the field..."
I had only a minute to decide what I was going to do. I ran to "stage right" to be ready for my cue. Taking off my sandals was easy. I took a deep breath, and as the adrenaline coursed through me, I pulled off my cast t-shirt and dropped it next to me. Suddenly, the murmurs amongst the "audience" started getting louder. Alex stumbled over a few of his words as he saw what I was doing.
As the crowd got louder, my arousal built. I removed my bra, and let it drop, not even trying to bother hiding my breasts from my classmates.
Everyone was staring at me, even the two "onstage", yet they managed to keep their lines from the scene coming. "Neither to you nor anyone," I unbuttoned my jeans, "Having no witness to confirm my speech." I pulled my pants and underwear down in one swift movement. "Lo you, here she comes. This is her very guise; and, upon my life, fast asleep. Observe her, stand close."
I stepped out of my pants and onto the "stage". During the performances, I was supposed to sleepwalk from the back of the stage towards the front while the two characters continued their lines. In the rec room, there was no back of the stage. My path took me directly through the rest of the cast and crew, sitting on the ground. As I walked past them, they turned their heads so they could see me front and back. I knew they would be able to smell my arousal they were so close...
My fantasy was broken by the sound of the shower curtain being moved. I opened my eyes, and Meaghan stood there, completely naked, a couple of bottles and a razor in her hands. My eyes wandered over her body. Her breasts were larger than mine, probably a c-cup, but beautifully proportioned. Her body was firm, muscular from fighting and hiking, and completely bare.
As I observed her, she was also observing me. I hadn't moved my hands from where they had been pleasuring my nipples and pussy, and I half noticed that they hadn't even stopped moving completely. "Do you need me to give you a minute?" She asked, staring at the index finger, active between my thighs.
Once again, I closed my eyes. "If you wish," Having someone, almost a stranger, watching me was making me even more aroused. Under my breath I added, "but I'd rather you help me."
I kept my eyes closed, wanting to continue to imagine her there, watching, even as I knew she would give me my privacy. Indeed, I heard the curtain close again quickly.
Which made the gentle touch of her hands on my sides as she knelt in front of me almost drive me over the edge by themselves. I looked down, and watched as she kissed the rivulets of water flowing down my belly and over my thighs. She reached out her tongue and began to trace the streams up, first from the top of my trim, then slowly lower and lower, until she gently pushed my hand aside so she could drink the gathered water flowing between my thighs.
She spread my legs apart slightly, then placed her mouth against my bead. The sensations surged through me as she sucked and caressed my folds with the tip of her tongue. I reached out to support myself against the walls and let the pleasure wash over me. "Oh god, yes! More! More!" I didn't care if the entire camp heard the orgasms ripping through my body. I lifted my leg to give her more freedom and she buried her head inside me. I came two...three more times while her face and hands explored my nether regions.
Finally, my legs couldn't hold me any more, and I slid down the wall until I was sitting under the shower head. As I laid there, splayed across the floor, I felt Meaghan's hands massaging my pubic region. When I was finally able to focus my eyes, I noticed that she had lathered shaving cream on me, and was starting to shave me. I sat there, unable to truly move while she attended to my "outfit." I marveled at the intensity of her focus as she lost herself in trimming me as thoroughly as when she had been making the drawing.
As she finished, she looked up at me and smiled. "Oh good, do you think you can stand again now? It's time to dye your hair." She looked at the top of my head, then down at her handiwork again. "All of it."
She helped me to my feet, then handed me the bottle of temporary hair dye. She helped me put it into my hair, then combed it through my bush.
"I...I'm sorry," I was finally able to say as she was turning off the spray to let the dye set. Once again she smirked - I never realized how sexy a smirk could truly be until that minute.
"What are you sorry for? Having an intense orgasm? Or letting me bring a hot woman to her knees?"
I blushed, not knowing how to answer her.
"The only thing I request is next time - and there will be a next time - , it's my turn."
"Deal." I smiled brightly.
We sat and talked about frivolous things until the dye had a chance to set, then she pressed her mouth firmly against mine. As her tongue darted in, I could still taste a little bit of my arousal on her lips. "You finish up in here, then head back to my room. I'll make sure you get some food. You're going to need your energy I think."
One more smirk and she headed off towards the kitchen. I turned the water back on, and let the excess color flow down the drain. When I was done, I stepped out - and realized that she hadn't left me a towel. I took a deep breath, and walked bravely back to her room, my naked body once more ready to be on display for anyone passing by.