This is basically an erotic love story and of course all characters are over 21. It will definitely start out as a love story and continue to build with fiery passion. Please vote often (fives are most welcome) and of course please leave constructive comments. I love hearing from you and love your ideas for the continuation of this story or ides for new stories.
Chapter 2
The rest of Joe's work week was relatively routine which gave him opportunities to go visit Jessa while she was working.
Jessa's first job was at a Section of the entertainment complex called Westworld. It was patterned after the 20th century movie about a resort city filled with gunfighters and pleasure robots. Jessa, was of course, was one of the pleasure robots and her job was to titillate customers into buying more drinks. As part of the titillation she was dressed as an Indian squaw, but it was unlike any outfit that a real squaw had ever worn. As she had so aptly described it on the first night they met, she was the eye candy.
Her top was a very open beaded breastplate that hid had nothing. The breastplate contoured round her breasts almost caressing them, making them look very inviting and incredibly seductive. Her nipples would stick prominently through the very open beadwork, adding to the titillation. The breastplate only came to the bottom of her breasts, so her entire belly was naked and on display.
Her bottom was just a loincloth, but it was only about 4 inches across so her womanly slot and the crack of her ass were just barely covered. Her entire legs, hips and the cheeks of her ass were all completely open and exposed. Only the small strap connecting the pieces of loincloth marred her sensuous display of flesh. Of course, there was also no room for anything underneath the loincloth.
Joe felt incredibly jealous the first night he came to see her. When he first walked in, she was sitting in the lap of this fat balding old man. He was taking advantage of the situation by running his hands all over her vast display of silky skin. Joe knew that this was her job, but still he couldn't help being a little jealous and hating this part of her job.
He made sure to find a seat in her area and eventually she came over to sit in his lap. As she did Joe could tell she was a little embarrassed with this job, but it paid the bills. As she sat in Joe's lap, he let one hand caress the silky skin over her lightly muscled back, while his other hands ran up and down her thighs. He felt her preening into his caresses, licked her lips and stared passionately into his eyes as she parted her thighs. Not one to miss an opportunity Joe slid his hand up her leg and then gently caressed her pussy lips.
As his finger came close to her slot, he found her soaked in her juices and he slid his finger deep inside her pussy, fingering her quim. As he fingered her pussy, he could see her nipples hardening and push through the breastplate. He could feel her body quivering as her mouth opened in hard passion filled breaths. Her hands gripped his arm tightly as she whispered.
"Oooohhhh God Joe. You've got to stop or I'll cum."
"Are you sure you want me to stop baby?" He responded as he continued to slide his finger in and out of her clutching pussy. To make matters worse he started caressing her clit with his thumb and her legs started trembling in his lap.
As he continued his assault on her exposed pussy, she frantically attacked his lips in a needy kiss, trying to cover her whimpers and moans. Suddenly she sunk her fingernails into his arms and shoulders as her whole body stiffened. For several seconds she didn't breathe as her cum took possession of her body. Then she exhaled a long sensuous moan with her legs and belly quivering enthusiastically. Joe felt her pussy clutching at his finger as her orgasm continued to drive her internal spasm.
"Oooohhhh God Joe ... Oooohhhh God you made me cum ... Ohh shit."
She renewed her passionate attack on his mouth, sucking on his lips and dueling with his tongue. When her trembling stopped Jessa ended the kiss and pulled back to look at Joe with lust burning in her eyes. She licked her lips sensuously before whispering, "Oh God Joe, I want you so bad!"
She was staring at Joe with the all of her lust still in her eyes as he pulled his finger from her pussy and stuck it in his mouth. Joe sensuously sucked her juices from his finger and her eyes were wide as she watched his display. Her shoulders shook as a shudder ran through her thinking of what that mouth could do to her. She quickly leaned down and kissed him one more time before getting off his lap and saying.
"I will see you later!"
Joe hadn't seen Jessa for a few minutes and suddenly she appeared at his shoulder. She leaned over his shoulder with her engorged nipples tantalizingly close to his mouth.
"Sir you have a message, could you follow me please." She whispered in his ear.
Joe got up and dutifully followed her back to a dark corner behind the restrooms. He was wondering what kind of a message was back here when she suddenly turned and jumped into his arms, smothering his face with kisses. Being no dummy he immediately realized that her passionate need was the message. Her arms and legs wrapped around him desperately clinging to the man she desired. Joe quickly got into the swing of things, grabbed both ass cheeks in his hands and pulled her tight against his body.
She continued to attack his face with ferocious loving kisses and he matched her kisses with just as much passion. She suddenly pulled her lips back and whispered, "Joe, I can't stand it, I have to have you!"
With that she slid down his body kneeling in front of him and began unbuckling his pants. She fished his hard-engorged cock out of his pants and held it reverently. As she held his cock in her tiny hands could barely get her fingers around. Even with both her tiny hands holding him he was still sticking out of the top and bottom. Her eyes were as big as saucers as she gently kissed the tip of his cock and then she whispered.
"My God Joe, it's the most daunting and beautiful thing I've ever seen. So, this is the monster you've been hiding inside your pants. Oh my, my pussy was twitching thinking about taking all of this."
She took a deep breath and began sliding the head of his cock into her mouth. She began to sensuously bob her head up and down taking more of his cock in her mouth as she went. Joe had never had anyone make love to his cock like this before and then he realized she was swallowing him down her throat. No one had ever done this to his cock and now he knew it was his turn.
Joe groaned a deep and masculine groan before whispering, "Oh God Jessa, no one has ever taken me down her throat. Oh shit, damn that feels good!"
Jessa began to moan sensuously enjoying his cock in her mouth and the vibrations almost made Joe lose it. He quickly bent down, grabbing Jessa around her tiny waist, flipping her upside down and putting her legs on his shoulders around his head. She lost his cock as he flipped her upside down, but quickly recaptured it and fed it back down her throat. Joe started licking and nibbling on her very wet and tasty pussy.
As he began sucking on her clit and tonguing her pussy her moans grew in intensity. As Joe was drinking in her pussy nectar, he began licking her clit and her hips began a dance of passion around his mouth. Her moans were vibrating through his cock rapidly bringing him to the point of no return. He sucked her clit into his mouth and began to lash it with his tongue forcing her hips to dance an exuberant mambo on his tongue.
Her sucking rhythm faltered as her hips started bucking and thrusting into his face. Suddenly she froze, with all of her muscles rigid as her orgasm ripped through her. As her orgasm gripped her, her throat clamped down on Joe's cock. Jessa's bucking forced his cock down her throat and she screamed her orgasm and the only way she could with him buried in her throat. Her vibrating moans along with the tight grip that her throat had on his cock, forced his cum to boil to the surface.
Joe began to blast ropes of cum down her throat. She was lost in the exuberance of her own orgasm when Joe began shooting his cum down her throat. Jessa had trouble trying to swallow a load of cum upside down and began to gag. She had to quickly pull his cock out of her mouth and throat so she could breathe or she would choke on Joe's cum.
Joe saw the problems and quickly flipped Jessa right side up and cradled her in his arms. Joe held her and began kissing her face heading towards her mouth. Jessa turned away so he couldn't kiss her spunk filled mouth, but Joe followed her paying homage to this incredible woman. She looked surprised that he would kiss her after having his cum in her mouth, but to Joe it didn't matter at all. He had just had the best blow job of his life and he wanted her to know it.
Jessa was still having aftershocks from her own orgasm and would tremble in his arms every few seconds. They stared into each other's eyes and both felt that this was turning into something very special.
Jessa's eyes started to water as she stared Joe's face and whispered, "Oh Joe, it's not fair, all you have to do is touch me and I'm burning up. Do you have some kind of special powers? I can't stop thinking about you, your smell, your kisses, and wanting you inside me."
Joe's eyes crinkled an amused smile as he responded, "Well my baby, it goes both ways. I can't stop thinking about you and I get hard every time I think about you ... So, I'm hard a lot."
Jessa's face screwed up with a confused look before she asked, "So why haven't you fucked me yet."
Joe's face showed his sincerity as he answered. "Jessa, I feel a spark, it's a special feeling every time I look at or touch you, my gut says we have something very special here and I don't want to mess it up. I don't want to be like everyone else and have meaningless sex. Baby, I don't want to fuck you, I want us to make love. I don't want it in the back alley, I want us to be special and all night long."
"From the very beginning my marriage was all about sex and I know that a long-term relationship can't be built on just sex. I want more with you. I don't just want your body, I want your heart and I don't just want it now, I want it forever. So be patient with me baby. When you get off this double shift, we will have our date and take this to the next step."
In the background they heard a female voice yelling, "Jessa, Jessa, they're looking for you!"
Jessa's eyes took on a little panic as she looked into Joe's eyes and said, "I have to go Joe. However, I want you and I want this big horse cock of yours stretching my pussy very soon."
Joe set her down on her trembling legs and she straightened her costume. Joe wiped little bits of cum from her face before she put her arms around his neck and pulled him into a deep sensuous kiss. She gave him one last longing look before she turned and ran back to her eye candy job.
The rest of the night Jessa felt herself drifting off into daydreams about Joe. She didn't know what it was about him that affected her so, but he was always in her thoughts. His laugh, his smell, his inquisitive mind and oh God those strong arms of his, all invaded her thoughts. Tonight, she had been given a sample of what it would be like to make love to him and she trembled at the thought.
Most of her orgasms were self-induced and very few of her lovers had ever taken the time to pay attention to her. She could count on one hand the number of orgasms she had with her husband and Joe seemed to be able to make her cum almost at will. He had made her come twice tonight without even really trying. She was trying to imagine what it would be like when he really tried to make love to her and she shivered with anticipation.
Joe went back to his apartment and dreamt of Jessa's incredible blow job. He also noticed something else kept his mind occupied. He had given Jessa two orgasms tonight and the look on her face after each one was worth it. She was an incredibly beautiful woman, but in the mist of her orgasm all pretense disappeared and she was just Jessa. Jessa with her face glowing in orgasm was the most stunningly gorgeous creature he had ever seen and he would never give her up.
Chapter 3
The second shift that Jessa had to work was a place called the "Wolf Den". Once again Jessa was eye candy and she would alternate between dancing on a platform or wandering through the crowd trying to make people spend more money. Her costumes and this area depended on which animal she was for the night. The first night that Joe was there she was a cat. She had furry nipple pasties and a furry G string. She also wore an open coat with arms and a hood, but it had no front leaving her torso fully exposed. The coat had a furry collar a furry hood with cat ears on top. It flowed down her back giving the illusion of fur and it was finished off with a tail.
Jessa seemed bound and determined to make Joe just loose it and fuck her, every night her dances for Joe became more and more erotic. Afterwards she would squirm in his lap leaving Joe feeling like he had just had a lap dance. She had very quickly turned into Joe's ultimate fantasy girl. Every erotic dream he had included Jessa as the object of his desire. Her wild costumes and erotic dances seemed to fire his imagination and every night he seemed to have more visions of the woman he was falling in love with.
The second night in the "Wolf Den" Jessa was a wolf in the costume was very similar to the cat. She still had the open fronted coat that put fur down her back, but this time the gray and the ears were a little more pronounced. Instead of pastries she wore a very small fur bikini. Her erotic torments continued, but every opportunity he could Joe would get her back. He would tease her with his fingers and lips, taking her to orgasm about once a day.
During her nonworking shift they would have quick lunches or drink dates. Their conversations were much more intimate with the passion growing every day. It wasn't just the passion that grew each day either, both of them felt like each other was home. Neither of them seemed to be whole without the other's presence.
They were still discovering things about each other but more and more of their time was spent touching, kissing or just staring into each other's eyes. Jessa couldn't sit in a chair next to Joe anymore she had to sit in his lap and she had to have his arms holding her whenever they were together. They started to share some special moments with each other. For Jessa these were many of her auditions and she loved to have Joe there watching, plus with Joe there she knew her dances would be special.
Joe did something that he had never done with any other person and he took her on the breakfast date to his special supply portal to watch the beautiful sunrise. He brought oatmeal, fruit and coffee for both of them and he fed her oatmeal with her sitting in his lap watching the colors of the sunrise change around them. That breakfast was the most intimate time either of them had ever spent with another person.
Joe couldn't even remember what the world looked like outside, because his focus was on the woman he loved in his arms. He remembered the heat of her body sitting in his lap, her scent filling his head with her soft hair and skin caressing him. He remembered her soft voice asking questions and hanging on every answer. Joe knew he was falling in love with her and she was everything he'd ever dreamed about. She was stunningly beautiful and unbelievably passionate she challenged him physically and mentally and seemed to be perfect in almost every way.
That perfection is what scared him. He knew she had to have a downside and he wanted to find before they went too far. He just wanted to make sure that he could tolerate her downsides. Joe was still gun shy from his divorce and he supposed that Jessa was too. During his marriage he thought he knew who he was marrying, but she fooled him and he didn't want to be fooled again.
At the same time, he sensed something in Jessa, something that touched him deep down in his heart. He hadn't felt it with his ex-wife so he knew there was something very different here. He spoke with Jessa about these feelings and knew that she felt the same. She loved what they had and it was beyond anything she had with her ex-husband. She was scared just as much as he was, but she was much more ready to take a chance.
Even though she never said it, Jessa was very glad that Joe was taking it slow because neither wanted to go through another heartbreak. Strangely enough, Jessa was ready before Joe was, she saw things in him that she never saw on her ex-husband. The longing, devotion, and the passion were off the charts. She had never felt anything like the greedy desire and even the orgasms that Joe gave her.
Jessa thought herself to be very intuitive. Years of being on display in front of a bunch of horny men give her insights that many women didn't have. She knew most men were ruled by lust and once their lust was satisfied, they moved on. She generally knew how to avoid men like this, but she had made mistakes, like her ex-husband. Joe was the most unique individual she had ever come across and she had fallen in love with him almost from the very beginning.
Except for their email snafu in the very beginning, she had never doubted his honesty or sincerity. Physically he was not the kind of man she generally went for. Most of the men she dated were physically imposing, brawny with a very masculine swagger. Joe was more like an Olympic swimmer, sleek and muscular, built for speed and endurance. Jessa felt like Joe was more like a cheetah as opposed to the lions that she would normally date.
Every man she ever dated had a dominating personality. Her ex-husband dominated the room with his physically imposing presence, but with Joe it was something completely different. He had a spectacular body and was physically nice to look at, but he also had other qualities that overshadowed his physical presence. Joe dominated the room with his intellect and humor. He had a self-deprecating manner that disarmed people around him.
Jessa thought it was very strange the way Joe took over a room. He was over 6 foot with the rugged muscular look, but she didn't seem to notice that. His eyes were always smiling and almost immediately everyone knew they could trust him. He was a friend, confidant and mentor to everyone he met. Yet, everyone knew he was the boss. Everyone knew that he could be your best friend, but if you crossed him, he could rip you to shreds in seconds.
Maybe she was still going for the same type of personality. Jessa knew she wanted a strong dominating personality and Joe had that. However, he dominated with friendship, humor and a sincere honesty that made everyone look up to him. Her brawny ex-husband had done it through fear and his take no prisoners physical presence. With Joe she knew she would never be in danger and there was no fear of him, only a loving admiration she had never felt before.
Joe was fighting many of the same battles. Jessa grabbed his heart from the first moment he saw her, but he was afraid of what he wasn't seeing. It was difficult to look past Jessa's beguiling beauty and look for flaws in her personality. Joe felt like that's how he messed up with his ex-wife. He took her at face value and let her beauty cover over her flaws, but almost immediately he knew there were problems. It was only three years into their marriage when he discovered that she never married him for love but only money and security.
Joe was very good at work and he could see both the big picture and all the details necessary to get there. With each person on his staff he could see their wants and desires and use those to motivate them. Because of this everyone on his staff would happily do anything for him. However, it came to matters of the heart Joe felt like a klutz. He was an odd mix of a tunnel vision, focused engineer, with the heart of a hopeless romantic.
Many times, these two sides of him would get in conflict. For him that was the problem with the divorce. The engineer side of him said he had made a mistake and he needed to logically find the problem and correct it. When it came to matters of the heart there was nothing really to fix. He could try and be logical and look for flaws, but ultimately his heart overruled any logic. The heart wants what the heart wants.
He hoped that it was real, because like it or not, he had fallen in love with Jessa and he was going to have to deal with whatever came their way. He knew he couldn't be without her and he could tell that she felt the same.
Chapter 4
The next week was chaos for both of them. Jessa's shift at Westworld came to an end but was replaced by a shift in the Medieval Room and she still had the shift at the Wolf Den. So, their time together was very limited and generally only in public settings. So, Joe's promised date was still on hold until she could get to a single shift.
They wound up having little daily dates, catching snippets of time whenever they could. Every day they seem to get closer and closer. Neither could stand to be away from the other and it was like part of them was missing when they were apart. Likewise, whenever they were together it was like they had come home and they were in a place where they belonged. Anybody who saw them together knew these two people were deeply in love. It was just as obvious that they wanted to be ripping each other's clothes off and making love. The obvious sexual tension between them was so strong neither could keep their hands off the other.
Sex, or lack of it, was the only thing that ever fought about. Both of them had very high sex drives and Jessa's job kept her turned on almost all the time. Joe's refusal to fuck her was driving Jessa crazy. She understood Joe's viewpoint, because her first marriage and also been mostly based on sex as well. She may have understood, but that still didn't quell her frustration. She desperately needed him to take her home and ravish her on a regular basis.
Joe wanted that too. He frantically wanted to drive Jessa wild and keep her cuming all night. The seeing her face scrunched up as the orgasmic tidal waves rushed through her, but she was more than that. He felt her deep in his heart and he didn't want to screw up the best thing that ever happened to him. He was convinced leading with sex and killed his first marriage and he wasn't going to do that with Jessa.
This was also starting to cause problems at Joe's work. Jessa was really starting to distract Joe and everyone in his department wanted to know who Jessa was. He was discreet so he wondered how they knew about Jessa. When he asked the question to Wes, he burst out laughing. Joe hadn't even realized he knew the answer, but at one point over the last several weeks he had called almost everyone in his staff Jessa.
Part of running a 24 x 7 staff is that you will get calls late at night for decisions on operational issues. Since most of Joe's dreams now involved Jessa, every time he was woken up out of a sound sleep, he would call out Jessa's name. His staff was a bunch of very smart people and they immediately picked up that their boss had a new love interest. Now at nights whenever they called for a decision on something, they would introduce themselves as Jessa. Several even went so far as to use a falsetto voice and tried to play the part of Jessa.
It was all good fun, but Joe was not used to being the butt end of the joke. During the day many of the staff would introduce themselves as Jessa when they came into his office. During one staff meeting they introduce themselves as Jessa numbers one through 30. Everyone in the department was having a good time at Joe's expense, but he really didn't mind because he had the real Jessa.
Business was also hopping because they were having lots of issues in the liquid engineering department. The biggest problem was maintaining water pressure as well as vacuum suction. They seemed to be having an abnormally high failure rate for both the pressure and vacuum pumps. In addition, there were a large number of leaks in both systems that kept the "Sewer Rats" busy.
The "Sewer Rats" were finding large numbers of leaks not in the usual piping locations, but in the guest rooms. So, they had to coordinate with maintenance to seal all the leaks. This was one of the many problems trying to maintain customer comfort. All of the sinks and showers were designed with normally pressurized water squirting out of the various nozzles.
It seemed like they were going through a bad patch and Joe talked with the room maintenance supervisors to make sure every customer room was checked for pressure and/or vacuum leaks. At the same time, he had the sewer rats" go through all the water pressure lines and make sure all the seals were tight. Once again, he had his people automatically reseal all the connections.
Both of their jobs were limiting their time together with both Jessa and Joe were feeling the frustration of not being able to see each other. Joe would take breaks and go see Jessa at work. However, they had very little time during these breaks and would have to be satisfied with quick kisses and deep meaningful hugs.
In the medieval room Jessa was once again a dancer, but her costume was truly spectacular. Her costume consisted of a leather frame around her breasts and nether regions with chains in between. The chains were theoretically there as her cover for her breasts and camel toe, but all they really did was make a more elaborate tease. While she danced her breasts and nipples would be alternately covered and then revealed again. It was actually the most erotic costume she had worn.
Joe had very mixed feelings about all of this. That was his woman up there showing off her spectacular assets. It bothered him at all these lecherous men were all ogling the woman he had fallen in love with. However, it was her job and damn she did it well. He knew Jessa loved to perform, she loved being on stage and having all those eyes following her every move. So, he knew he had to get over his uncomfortable feelings and support the woman he loved.
Joe was right Jessa actually loved this costume and it allowed her inner tease the freedom to express herself. The chains were a harsh caress against her nipples and it was all very arousing. Likewise, as she danced the chains pounded against her pussy lips and clit, adding fuel to her smoldering passion. When Joe entered the room, her smoldering passion caught fire.
The chains pounding against all of her sensitive flesh along with Joe's hot lustful stare had her trembling as she danced. She was so aroused she did some things she would never have done without Joe there. As she danced her hands caressed all of her body, wishing it was really Joe. Her fingers wrapped the chains around her nipples, pulling and pinching on them, sending white-hot jolts of ravenous craving through her gut.
With her hands roaming over her body she teased herself, as well as her audience, so she kept pinching her engorged nipples. Eventually one of her hands found its way to the chains covering her pussy and she used the chains to tease her clit. She even slipped a finger inside her pussy, taking her erotic tease to a whole new level.
Jessa was in an erotic fog and this tease was for one person and one person only. Her eyes had glazed over in a lustful stare and the entire audience faded away, except for Joe. She was dancing for Joe alone now, wanting her hands to actually be his. She pretended that all of her teasing was actually Joe doing this. While she danced, she was in an erotic dream and Joe was making love to her.
When Jessa's break came, she was expected to mingle with the customers, but this time she came straight to Joe. Jessa jumped into Joe's lap and attacked his lips jamming her tongue deep into his mouth in a passionate needy kiss. While she was madly kissing Joe one of her hands grabbed his and put it between her legs. Joe took the hint and slid 2 fingers into her drenched slot. She quivered in his arms, moaning into his mouth as his fingers slid in and out of her. Her teasing dances had her hotter than a firecracker and his fingers quickly took her to the edge of an orgasm.
By this time Joe knew the signs and used his thumb to rub one of the chains over her clit. Her whole body arched in a rigid explosion of passionate fury. Her breath locked in her chest, but her fingernails were digging holes in Joe's shirt and furloughs in his back as she desperately tried to hold on to him. Her breath suddenly came back and she screamed her completion into Joe's mouth. As Joe felt some of her muscles relax and her orgasms start to release, he resumed his passionate torment of her out of control pussy.
Her lips left his as she started gasping for breath with her eyes melting Joe's heart. They were also filled with passion, awe, gratitude and a mixture of love and lust. As he jammed his fingers deep inside her and rubbed her clit directly, her eyes popped wide open in surprise. Her eyes rolled back in her head as her body exploded for a second time. Her lips and body were shaking in a massive orgasmic spasm, with hard cramping tremors taking control of her body.
Her head slammed into his shoulder with her mouth biting into his shoulder in an attempt to stop her screams of orgasmic rapture. It worked because the only sounds that came out her grunts and barely contained wails. Joe was in such awe of her athletic and body consuming cum he toyed with the idea of making her, for a third time. However, he thought that was too cruel so he relented and pulled his fingers from her pussy. He did however, use those wet fingers to pinch her nipples causing her to gasp and moaned as she whispered into his neck.
"Oh Joe, you're going to be the death of me. However, I couldn't think of a better way to die than writhing in orgasm in your arms."
Jessa pulled back her head and looked smilingly into his eyes. She was glowing with satisfaction and sighing with contentment. Her eyes smiled and glistened with deep adoration, but her body still shook with the occasional tremor. For the most part the effects of her orgasm had vanished except for the glow on her face. Joe thought she had a radiance that a woman gets only after being satisfied by her man. At this moment Joe was convinced she was the most stunningly gorgeous woman he'd ever seen.
Joe was jerked back to reality as he heard Jessa gasp. She had noticed the damage she had done with her fingernails and teeth leaving bloodied furrows in his skin. She looked horrified at what she had done and then she stammered out an apology.
"Joe, oh Joe, I'm so sorry let me take you to the bathroom and dress your wounds."
"No need baby, these are battle scars I will proudly wear and if it's the price I have to pay for watching you cum like that, I will gladly pay it again. Do you know how spectacularly beautiful you are with the bliss and rapture of an orgasm on your face?"
Jessa smiled sexily and her eyes held the promise of much more to come as she whispered, "I think you're prejudiced. Besides, whatever I look like during orgasm is because you put it there and you don't have an objective opinion."
Jessa started giggling, but suddenly she saw her boss walking their way. She gave him a quick kiss, jumped off his lap and ran back reluctantly to the dance cage.
Each night after both her shifts were over, they would have a quick drink and then Joe would walk her home. Their night walks progressed from hand holding, to arms around each other and stops for kisses along the way. Both of them were having a very hard time keeping their hands off each other. Most of their time was spent holding each other, kissing or snuggling with each other. At times like these conversations seemed overrated and most of their communication was done with their hands and lips.
After this week was over so were Jessa's double shifts and now, they finally had a chance for that nice date that Joe kept talking about.