It was a month since Gloria first reluctantly assisted Martha as a model for the employee appreciation event on Friday nights after dinner for the group chosen that week. Both were available for the men to explore they took turns on the display table.
Walter said to Hal, "When do you want to go to Vegas for your two week vacation?"
Hal said, "We would like to go at the end of the month, if Gloria will be able to fill in for Martha?"
Walter called Gloria at home, as it was Monday. He asked her, "Will you be able to fill in for two Fridays alone at the end of the month, so Martha and Hal can go to Vegas for two weeks on vacation. You will take Martha's place doing the paperwork for the two weeks she is gone, if you are up to the challenge?"
Gloria answered, "Sure I'm having fun being displayed to the night shift staff and I want to show you I can do most of the work required while Martha is away."
With Gloria's answer Martha made the arrangements for the trip. It will be the last two weeks of the month leaving on a Tuesday and coming home on a Wednesday. The trip is two weeks away, so the next Friday will be the last Friday Martha will be available to coach Gloria.
The week sped by, Martha brought all the paperwork up to date. Gloria came into the office with Walter, so Martha could show Gloria what was needed while she was on vacation. Walter was proud of his wife for stepping up to help and the increase in pay helps also. The CEO was impressed with the increase in production and thought an addition to the building will be needed soon.
Walter was in heaven, he had Gloria strip nude on the trip to and from work, just as Martha does. She was spread out in his front seat played with her pussy all the way to work and home each night. She had multiple orgasms during the trips; Gloria has had the best time of her life over the last month. She was thankful Martha showed her the way to become a hot wife and add excitement to the couple's life.
Hal and Martha were busy packing for their trip. Time flew by and before they knew it the couple was boarding a plane at Bradley airport in Connecticut for the trip to McCarran International in Nevada. Martha had on a short skirt and top, matching bra and panties with three inch heels. Hal had on Slacks and polo shirt with loafers. They were pre checked, so they went right to the waiting area. They didn't have to go through the scanners.
Martha had the window seat with Hal next to her, she asked the stewardess for a blanket, she said she was cold, but as soon as the plane took off she covered her lap and took her husband's hand placed it on the gusset of her panties. Hal to his delight found her panties to be crotch less and started to play with her pussy before the seatbelt light went off. Next to them was a young man going to Las Vegas on the nonstop flight.
Martha looked over at the young man in a suit in the isle seat; she noted he watched them intently, while Hal manipulated her pussy.
Martha whispered to Hal, "I want to switch seats with you."
Hal not comprehending what Martha was up to asked, "Why, I thought you like to look out the window."
"You will see." Martha said smiling mysteriously at her husband.
They couple switched seats and Martha adjusted the blanket and looking at the young man said, "Hi, my name is Martha and the man with me is my husband Hal." She put her hand out to shake the man's hand.
"Hi, my name is Art, nice to meet both of you; I travel extensively and appreciate being seated with outgoing people," said Art with a smile.
They conversed for a while, Martha found out Art worked for Merc he was the head of the sales staff for medical drugs to pharmacies and hospitals. They called him in when there are problems. He was always flying around the country extinguishing fires other sales people started. Art was a likable guy Martha perceived him to be lonely; the couple enjoyed conversing with him. Martha was in a happy mood and wanted Art to enjoy the trip to Las Vegas. She decided to have some fun with the men on each side of her for the remainder of the trip.
"Looks like your hand is cold give it to me and I will warm it for you." Martha took the man's hand and placed it on her left thigh and her husband's hand was on her right. She spread her legs as far as she could for the two men to have access to her flower of life. She continued saying, "There guys I bet your hands are warmer now."
Both men just moaned as they inserted their fingers in Martha's pussy, which precipitated a moan from her. It was the first time she has had two men at once play with her pussy in public on an airliner. It was only a few minutes when Martha grunted her first orgasm and slid forward braced her knees against the seat in front of her. The wonderful smell of pussy was in the air in the row of seats. The three weren't done yet there were still four more hours of travel to Nevada. They stopped their shenanigans while the Hostesses passed out the beverages.
The hostess asked, "Would you like a tea, coffee, or a soft drink?" Sniffing the air she whispered, "Mam the men taking care of you? I can smell fun times in this row." She stifled a knowing giggle.
"Wouldn't want the guys to be bored on this long trip," Martha giggled, she gave the hostess a high five.
This alerted a few of the men on the plane in the isle seats to watch what happened in the row next to them. It was not until the beverage cart came back through to pick up the remanence of the snacks, before the two men started to finger fuck Martha double teaming her. She squeaked out her third and fourth orgasm. She cleared her throat and coughed to throw off the men who watched the three across the aisle.
Both men kept their fingers in the mature woman as she slept the remainder of the trip to McCarran International. Art told Hal he was staying at the Venetian which is right next to the hotel they are staying. Art and Hal exchanged business cards.
The plane landed a short time later and they deplaned. Hal departed to Enterprise rental to collect their red Camaro convertible, while Martha waited with the luggage. They drove to the Hotel and found they were to go to the VIP lounge to check in. The porters brought the luggage to their suite. The couple was amazed the suite was almost as large as their house with a shower twice as large as their bathroom at home. The suite had a lounge area and separate bedroom with an in suite exercise room.
It was still early as there is three hours difference between the east coast and Nevada. Martha changed into a dress forgoing her bra and panties. The dress was button front. They went to the casino; Martha won Fifteen Hundred dollars in less than ten minutes playing the one arm bandit with twenty dollars. Her husband was sitting next to her and she teased him. She spread her legs to show her flower of life to him as she played the machine. She had all the buttons on the dress below her waist unbuttoned. Hal lost fifty dollars in a half hour, being distracted by his wife's stunts in front of him. Martha watched him play as she teased him until he wanted to leave.
The couple walked out of the Palazzo onto Las Vegas Blvd when Hal's cell rang it was Art.
"I just finished my meeting you want to go to dinner with me?" Art asked.
After conversing with Martha Hal said, "Sure, what time?"
"I can be ready for five." Art said.
They decided to meet in the Lobby of the Palazzo and go to dinner from there the restaurant is within walking distance on Las Vegas Blvd.
Martha and Hal went to their room to get ready; they both took a shower together, the couple was amazed at the size of the shower. They could have three more couples in with them. They washed each other thoroughly and Martha performed her taste test on Hal, but she didn't bring him off. She wanted him to be horny all through dinner. Hal got between Martha's legs, after she rested her hands on the wall of the shower to remain steady, while Hal did the taste test on her pussy to make sure she was clean. He couldn't stop he had to bring Martha off she tasted so good. She screamed as her orgasm overtook her, Hal had to hold her up to stop her from falling. They had to take a shower again, before they exited the shower.
Martha dressed in a white blouse with buttons, skirt to just below the knee, sandals, no bra and crotchless panties. Hal in a shirt and slacks, they went to the lobby to wait for Art to meet them. Martha sitting across from Hal, she flashed her crotchless panties at her husband. Art walked up to them as Martha spread to flash her husband. She gave their new friend a thrill also. The trio walked out of the building with Martha between the two men arm in arm. They received some smiles from a few of the people who entered the Palazzo.
The friends arrived at the restaurant after a five minute walk to the Mirage on the other side of Las Vegas Blvd. Art made reservations for the three of them. They were seated right away and had a wonderful meal. Martha was seated between Art and Hal. Both men took liberties with Martha with her help. She spread her legs to give the two men access to her flower of life, while they waited for their meal. Art paid for the meal he claimed it was part of the benefits of his job his expense account.
The group walked the Boulevard to the Bellagio Hotel to see the fountain show. After dark Hal unbuttoned the top four buttons of Martha's blouse, this exposed her nipples as she walked one or the other would show. They stopped in some of the shops on the way Martha bought gifts to bring back home and Art paid for them. By the time the three returned to the Palazzo it was time for Hal and Martha to go to their room for the night even though it was early by Las Vegas standards the couple was tired from the trip.
Art shook Hal's hand and give Martha a kiss on the cheek saying, "Thanks for a great night."
In turn both Hal and Martha thanked Art for the great meal.
Exhaustion overtook the couple when the entered their room Martha stripped nude and fell into bed. Hal undressed and entered the bed to spoon with his wife. They fell into a peaceful sleep.
The next morning the couple was up at five AM still being on Eastern Time. Hal missed playtime yesterday, so he wanted to make up for it this morning. He rubbed Martha's pussy as he stuck his tongue down his wife's throat. Martha rolled over on her back and spread her legs. Hal didn't need an engraved invitation to mount his wife. She was so wet he slipped into her to the hilt without any trouble. Martha was on the verge of an orgasm by the time Hal was ready to cum. He held off until he felt his wife bear down on his cock with her pussy. She did her Kegel exercises because his cock was trapped in her pussy as she came.
They dressed after they took a shower with taste test and went to the buffet in the Palazzo as it was a perk of the room. The couple went to the lobby and picked up some brochures' which showed events for the next few days. Martha wanted to go on the High Roller to see the city; they walked down to the parking garage to pick up their car. They met Art on his way to a meeting in Old Town by Fremont St.
"I will call you when I am done with my meeting, I can show you around if you like?" said Art.
The couple thankful Art would show them around as they haven't been in Vegas before. They entered their car, drove out of the underground garage onto Las Vegas Blvd headed north toward Nellis AFB. They used their GPS for direction. Getting to the gate they found they could go to see the hanger where the 'Thunderbirds' planes were parked with information on the Air Force demonstration teams history. Hal loved talking with the pilots and Martha wet her panties as she looked at the young fliers in their flight suits.
There were red flag war games going on at Nellis where planes from many friendly nations flew in packages into the desert to train on tactics. They stayed and watched the planes land and take off until one PM. When Art called he told them he was free for the rest of the afternoon.
"We will meet you at our hotel lobby at two thirty," said Hal.
Art agreed and the couple drove back to the Palazzo. Martha changed into a dress with buttons down the front forgoing her panties and bra. Just as they walked into the lobby they bumped into Art.
"What would you like to do this afternoon?" He asked.
"I want to go on the High Roller," said Martha.
Martha and Hal followed Art to his car. Hal opened the passenger door for Martha, as she slid in she gave her husband a beaver shot.
"I want you to show Art how you ride to work," said Hal, as he entered the back seat of the car.
With no hesitation at all Martha leaned back against the door unbuttoned her dress all the way and spread her legs for Art's viewing pleasure. This stunned the younger man as he was only in his late thirties, still single and a workaholic with not social life.
It was only a short distance to the High Roller and the group was there before Martha could have an orgasm by her own fingers. Martha buttoned three buttons on the dress. Leaving a lot of cleavage and leg showing, they purchased their tickets.
Art paid for them saying, "Payment for the show I received on the way here," as he gave the couple their tickets.
It was about a ten minute wait and the group was in the gondola. As soon as the ride started to move Martha unbuttoned her dress and sat with her legs spread while a man on each side of her both played with her pussy. She had her first orgasm by the time they were a quarter of the way to the top.
Art took out his cell phone and asked, "Can I have a picture of you?"
Martha took off her dress, put it on the bench on the opposite side from Hal and Art spread her legs while Art snapped a few pictures of the lovely mature woman in all her naked glory. She kneeled on the bench and spread her legs, so Art had all her feminine charms recorded for posterity.
Martha laughing said, "I can see both of you like me or you're pitching a tent in your pants." Pointing to their crotches and elevated members pushing at the slacks material.
Nude, Martha sat between the men again spread her legs, so she could have at least one more orgasm before the ride was over. The men worked together to give her two more orgasms. The inside of the gondola smelled of excited female by this time. She dressed just as the ride finished; she buttoned three buttons in the middle of her dress just before they exited the gondola. The group who entered the gondola they left looked back at the threesome and gave them thumbs up.
Driving toward Fremont Street Martha spotted a souvenir shop on the left. "I want to stop there." She said pointing.
Art crossed traffic and went into the parking lot. Martha exited the vehicle and shopped for about an hour and a half coming out with many more gifts for the people back home. They drove past the Stratosphere with the top down of Art's rented BMW you could see the rides on the top of the building as Art drove by the Hotel.
Fremont Street has a covering over it with zip lines which run the length of the street and a light show every hour after dark. Hal and Martha were amazed they watched the people walk by. Art spotted a woman who was nude and with her body painted. Martha decided she will put on a show for the guys and unbuttoned her dress, she left only one button at her belly button secured. As she walked her pussy and breasts came into view. She loved this city no one noticed her public exposure or were adverse to her exposure.
They went to a restaurant to have dinner. The hostess greeted Art by name and sat the group in a corner table with subdued lighting. The two men brought off Martha twice during their dinner. She has had the time of her life and it is only Thursday they have twelve more days to go.
The group stayed for two light shows on Fremont Street. Martha was all but nude and no one said anything, but a lot of men and women took notice of the mature woman's outfit or lack of it. Many gave the mature woman a smile and thumbs up.
It was after eleven PM when the group arrived back to the car. Hal opened the door for his wife and she entered the back seat. Art started the car and lowered the top Hal was shot gun. Sitting in the center of the seat Martha unbuttoned the last button on her dress and opened it riding nude back to the Venetian parking garage. The night was so warm Art drove around sin city for an hour or so. Hal took notice of an erotic museum off of Las Vegas Blvd; he hoped he could find it again at a later date.
Art went north on Las Vegas Blvd to the Palomino Club a strip bar in old town.
"Let's stop there." Martha said pointing to the strip club. "I have never been to one." She continued.
Art parked in the lot beside the club. Martha buttoned two buttons on the center of her dress. Hal opened the door for her to exit.
Art left the top down, stating, "It's a rental".
The group entered the club after Art paid the cover. They sat one row back with Martha between the two men. A scantily clad waitress came to get their drink order; she eyed the two men with their hands between the mature woman's legs at her crotch. Martha was in heaven with the attention her pussy has received over the last few days with two men at her beck and call. The MC came out and stated there is amateur night on Tuesday the winner of the contest will receive one thousand dollars, second place five hundred dollars and third place two hundred and fifty dollars cash prices.
The first dancer came out she did the first song taking off her top, the second song she took off her bra and third song at the beginning took off her panties and rolled around the stage spreading her legs she gave all beaver shots as the men gave her money. The dancer looked bored out of her mind through her whole set.
After seeing four dancers on stage Martha said, "I can dance better than they did."
"You want to enter the contest?" asked Art.
"Why not, as long as Hal is good with his wife being on stage and showing all present what he has been getting into all our married years." said Martha laughing.
"Go for it," said Hal joining in on the laughter.
After the next dancer was finished the group tired figured they would call it a night. Martha unbuttoned her dress and walked out of the Strip club showing all her womanly charms to the delight of the patrons.
Some of them called out, "Hope you decide to dance Tuesday night."
She answered, "I will think about it, if I'm not here Tuesday night start without me."
It brought a laugh to all present. The drive back was uneventful, if you call driving a nude woman back to the Palazzo uneventful and her waving to everyone on the street. Just think everyone is sober not one adult beverage was consumed by the three.
Martha decided to leave her dress open to see if anyone will notice. Many people noticed, but no one said anything to her about her lack of clothes, they just took in her beauty.
The couple thanked Art for a great day. Art gave Martha a kiss, and shook Hal's hand. They each went to their respective suites. Hal and Martha stripped nude and fell into bed, too tired to make love. They fell asleep spooning.