About three quarters of an hour had past and Gary, Kerry and Candice were all well into their third cocktail each by now. The ladies had been chatting continuously, fuelled by the nervous energy between them created by the usually conservative ladies being topless together. The conversation had been playful and mostly casual. They had chatted about work, families and what either of them had been up to for the last few years.
Gary had been quiet mostly, just enjoying the cold drinks, the spectacular ocean view, not to mention the amazing sight of his wife and her friend being topless on the recliners just to his right. The movement caused by hand gestures or giggles in their conversation was just enough to make their breasts, which were beginning to brown nicely from their time in the sun, sway or bounce just enough to catch his attention and keep him constantly aroused.
The combination of strong drinks and hot weather were beginning to take effect on the ladies and the volume of the conversation was growing steadily louder. Candice had been drinking her cocktails the fastest and it was beginning to show as she was now definitely a little tipsy. Downing the last mouthful of her drink, Candice suddenly sat up straight and turned to face Kerry and Gary. Her breasts bouncing as she moved on her seat, causing both Gary and Kerry to focus their attention on them momentarily.
"Ok, I have been trying to ignore this, but I can't anymore," Candice laughed. "Gary, you have to be so uncomfortable by now. You have been pitching a tent for about an hour solid now and from what I can see that tent isn't big enough for what is inside," she said laughing.
Both Gary and Kerry's cheeks flushed red with embarrassment.
"Not much I can do about it," he replied with a nervous laugh. "He isn't going to go anywhere with you two beautiful ladies here like this."
"Would you prefer we covered up?" Candice asked coyly.
"Not at all! I'm just saying I'll have to live with it," he smiled.
"Why? Just let him loose," she exclaimed with a wave of her hand. "It's only me and your wife here with you. She's seen it before and I totally don't mind."
Kerry's mouth fell open slightly with shock, not quite sure how to react. Gary didn't know either. He was now, however, hornier than ever and rather uncomfortable as a result. He looked at Kerry. She didn't move as she still tried to process how she would feel about her husband following through with the proposal. She knew he would probably go for it as he had often shared the fantasy with her of himself being on display for others, but she wasn't sure she liked the idea.
Gary continued to look at Kerry. She didn't give anything away nor say anything. "I'm not going to miss this chance," he thought to himself. "Well, if you won't mind, that would be great thanks."
Standing up before anyone had the chance to object, Gary untied his shorts and pulled them down to his ankles. His erection slapped up against his hard stomach as it freed itself from his shorts as they dropped. Stepping out of his shorts, Gary lay back on the recliner, his manhood bulging and erect parallel to his body.
His heart was racing, but he didn't show it. He tried to appear as calm and nonchalant as possible by taking a sip of his drink. "Thanks Candice," he said raising his glass to her, trying to appear that this was a totally normal situation for him to be in.
Kerry couldn't believe her eyes. Without trying to draw attention to the fact her husband was naked, she was checking him out the corner of her eye. She had never seen him so big before. She had always considered him to be well endowed, but this was big even for him. His shaven balls were definitely lower due to the heat and the knob of his circumcised penis was clearly straining from the blood flow. She was herself now more turned on than ever at the sight of him like this, but wasn't sure how she felt about another woman seeing her husband's manhood, let alone in the state it was in now. She was caught in a mixture of pride, arousal, embarrassment and jealousy all at once.
"Wow!" Candice exclaimed unashamedly staring at Gary's manhood. "You must have been in agony keeping that tied down," she teased. "Do you feel better now?"
"I do, thanks. Although, I might have to do something about this eventually," he joked.
"You'll have to ask Kerry to relieve the pressure for you," Candice said with a wink moving back onto her recliner.
Gary started to reply, "Oh that will never hap..." before he was stopped mid-sentence by what followed. Kerry turned over to her left and onto her stomach. Half burying her face in the white seat cushion as she did so, she reached out her right hand and wrapped it around Gary's penis. It took Gary's breath away for second.
Kerry didn't know why she did it. Was it a show of dominance, claiming Gary as hers in front of the obviously admiring eyes of Candice? Or was it the effect of the cocktails lowering her inhibitions and allowing the desires in her to take over? Either way, she began to stroke Gary's penis slowly up and down from top to bottom of his shaft.
"You were saying," Candice giggled as she lay back facing the sky pretending to get comfortable, all the while trying to see what was happening out of the corner of her eye.
"Never mind," exhaled Gary quietly as the rhythm of Kerry's hand grew faster. He had been so turned on all morning that it definitely was not going to take long for him to climax.
Kerry started to smile as she continued. She was enjoying this, despite being in utter disbelief that it was happening at all. Having him at her total control was invigorating. Watching him squirm with pleasure as his breathing grew faster and faster. She could tell by the twitching of his muscles that he was close to climax, which only made her increase the speed of her strokes.
Gary felt ready to explode. He was in shock that his normally conservative wife was openly and willingly doing this to him in front if someone, but also overawed by the excitement of it all. This was a true fantasy come true for him. It was as if his senses were heightened and they were all focused between his legs.
The pleasure continued to build in his penis. He the tingling sensation was moving through his balls, up his shaft to the head of penis. And the sensation grew stronger and stronger as Kerry's stroking became more forceful.
He couldn't control himself anymore as he felt the most intense pleasure build in his manhood, and then suddenly erupt. The orgasm consumed him. With a groan of pleasure he shot a line of cum up to his chest followed by another before a third spilt onto his stomach. As the orgasm subsided and his breathing slowed, Kerry continued to slowly stroke the last of his juices out of him before eventually taking her hand off him.
"There you go," she said with a smile as she turned on her back again, trying to appear all cocky at what has just happened, although her heart too was racing. She was just hoping the sun would hide her blushes.
Gary lay back in the recliner taking deep breaths still trying to get his heart rate under control. He could feel his cum running down his chest to his stomach under the hot sun.
Candice turned over onto her left side facing her guests, sitting up supported by her left elbow leaning on the back of the recliner.
"That is quite impressive Gary," she said looking at the load on his chest. "That looks like it was quite a release."
"Definitely one of the best I have ever had," he replied.
"I bet," she smiled.
"Anyway, I think I need to go get cleaned up," Gary replied. "Where is your bathroom?"
"Through the door, to the right" Candice replied pointing with her right hand.
"Thanks," Gary said as he got up and walked through the door, trying to keep his load from dropping off his body onto the floor.
Candice took a moment to watch Gary as he walked away, taking time to admire his tight backside which she hadn't been able to see before now. She then turned her head back towards Kerry who was still facing the ocean, internally trying to compose herself, while her own yearning for sexual release continued to build within her.
"That is some man you have got there," Candice said with just a hint of jealousy and her own desire coming through in her tone as she spoke.
"I know," said Kerry "I know. MY man is quite something," she replied with a smile...