This is an updated version of a past story. I had several commits on how to improve the story. So I rewrote the store with the help of my wife to hopefully make the story more enjoyable.
*
My wife Cheryl and I started dating the summer before our high school senior year. At the time, we had both turned 18 and spent most of our time with a group of kids that had just graduated last year. That summer we had a lot of fun and had many new experiences. One of the best experiences happen when a group of us decided to head to the beach for some summer fun.
Cheryl got a great new bathing suit that I just loved. The suit was a two-piece that had clips on the side used to connect the top and bottom together. This had two very nice benefits. The first was it pulled the bottoms up tight so that you could clearly see the outline of her pussy in the front and left most of her ass cheeks exposed in the back. The second benefit of the suit was the clips pulled the top down exposed a lot of her cleavage. The top was purple and unlined so it was easy to see her nipples pushing against the fabric. Her areolas were just visible through the material. Unknown to Cheryl or me, when the suit got wet the top was completely sheer.
We piled in our boats and all head to a beach on a small island in the Detroit River. Our group was made up of myself, Russ my best friend, three other male friends of ours, Cheryl, and her girlfriend Kim. Everyone helped sets up the grills and coolers on the beach. For the first hour or so, we all worked on getting the food ready. I know I had several beers and Cheryl had finished off a fifth of watermelon schnapps. We were all feeling good and Cheryl was ahead of me, I could tell she was already drunk. She had already started on her second bottle of schnapps.
We all ate and then jumped in the water to cool down and play some games. I noticed right away that Cheryl's tits were now completely visible through her sheer bikini top. I looked around to see if anyone else noticed. Every one of the guys was checking out her tits. I noticed even Kim was looking right at Cheryl's tits. To my surprise, none of us said anything to Cheryl about her tits being on full display, not even Kim her best friend said anything. I did hear several of our friends talking about how great her tits looked and how they would love to get their hands on them.
After a few more drinks, all of us start to horseplay around with Cheryl. She loved all of the attention she was getting. She was playing along with us just as much as we were playing with her. The guys would grab her, throw her up in the air, and let her fall back into the water. They would swim up to her under the water, grab ahold of her, and pull her down under with them.
We would play around with Kim but not in the same sexual way, we were playing with Cheryl. The few times any of us tried to play around with her, she would push us away. Kim was nice looking but she was just not open to having us touch her the way Cheryl was letting us play with her.
Everyone took a break to get another drink. I moved behind Cheryl and rubbed my cock into the crack of her ass. I told her how her tits looked great in her new suit. I also told her how clearly she was showing them off to all of us. She looked down and pretended to be shocked that her tits were on full display for everyone to see. She told me she noticed as soon as her suit got wet. She said she thought about getting out of the water and getting her t-shirt to cover up her tits before anyone noticed but decided to take some risk.
She told me she was nervous at first but she was surprised at how excited she got thinking about everyone seeing her tits. She said, "Once everyone started paying extra attention to her and putting their hands all over her, she just got even more turned on." She told me how she started trying to get everyone to do more than just bush against her tits or a quick grab of her ass. She said when they wrapped their arm around her to pull her under the water. She would make sure their hands would land right on her tits. If they reached down to pick her up she would make sure that their hands went between her legs and would help guide them to her pussy.
I told her I notice that she was being flirty. I told her that I had been making sure everyone else could see me playing with and grabbing her tits. I hoped that if the guys noticed me openly playing with her tits or pussy that they would follow along and try to do the same thing.
She asked me if I got jealous, from all the attention everyone was giving her. I told her not at all. I loved knowing that everyone there knew I had the hottest girl. I told her anyone of the guys would do anything to be able to have her for a girlfriend. I then slipped my cock out of my suit and started to rub it between her legs. We were maybe 15 or 20 feet away from the group. I noticed everyone was watching us in the water and more than likely could her us talk. They were all just floating nearby and finishing their drinks.
I turn Cheryl around so she was facing me. I slid her bikini to the side to uncover her pussy. I then pulled her tight to me so I could work my cock into her pussy. I was sure everyone could tell that I was fucking her in front of the group. I had turned us sideways so that the group had a better view. I used both hands to hold her ass tight and pull her into me. Once we had a good rhythm going, I moved my right hand up to her tits and started to pinch and play with each of her nipples through her suit. Everyone had a clearly view of me playing with her nipples. I picked up the pace of fucking her. It only took me a few minutes to cum inside of her.
I had never felt so excited before in my life. Knowing that I had just fuck Cheryl in pubic with five of our friends watching was great. I put my cock back in my suit and pulled her over to me. I gave her a long hot kiss and told her she was great. I continued to play with her pussy until see came with a moan everyone could hear.
We headed back to the beach and got another drink. I noticed Cheryl did not bother to adjust her bikini bottom and her pussy was on full display. I could tell she was having a hard time walking around with as much as she had drunk. I helped her walk back to the water and we all started horsing around again. Several times, I saw one of my friends get close to Cheryl. I watched them grab and play with her tits or I could see them pulling her into them and I was sure they were either rubbing their cocks on here or playing with her pussy or ass. I had grabbed her ass and pussy several times myself and found that her bikini had stayed pulled to the side. This gave everyone easy access to her pussy.
If one of the guys grabbed her, we would all leave them alone for a while letting them have fun. I could not tell if they were actually fucking her or just rubbing their cocks on her. The thought of having a bunch of guys fucking her keep me hard the whole time we were in the water. I was so hard that before we got out I had to fuck her a second time.
I asked on the trip back to the dock what everyone else did to her. She told me all four of the guys and even her friend Kim had groped and played with here tits and pussy. Three of the guys had rubbed their cocks on her ass or pussy depending on which way she was facing. She said they did not actually stick there cock into her pussy. She was sure all three of them had come when playing with her.
Russ pulled her over to him and had her wrap her legs around him. He then took her hand and used it to jack himself off with it. Once she continued to jacking him off by herself, he started to finger her pussy. She said she came while he was fingering her.
When she started to cum, he pulled her to him and slid his cock between her legs without putting it into her pussy. He then pumped in and out, letting his cock rub between her pussy lips. She told me she loved the way the length of his cock felt rubbing back and forth over her clit. She said she just continued to cum as he was pumping in and out of her. Just before he started to cum, he pushed his cock deep into her pussy and just held her there. She said she could feel his cock pump several shot of cum into her pussy. He held her tight to him until he was completely done coming and then told her how great that was before he pulled his cock out of her pussy.
She told me in addition to Russ and me making her cum two of the other guys were able to get her off. She said she had never came that many times in a single day before. She said that when Kim was playing with her tits and pussy, that she almost came. She told me that the thought of her friend playing with her really got her excited. When the next guy grabbed her right after Kim moved away, she came quickly because Kim had her so close.
She still says that day was the day she realized she loved turning people on and getting them to do things that they typically would never do. I tell her that I fell the same way. We have many times over the years played out similar acts but this one was one of the best.