Hi readers; since some people considered Chapter 1 less than true, I altered the story to be fiction. It is a little more spicy this way. Besides Robert's view of the scenes that happened in Ch.1, the rest of the story will be purely fiction. (And fyi to the weight judgers, please look up the sizes of Victoria Secret models... Hope you enjoy.) ;)
*
Her smell engulfed my nostrils. I had forgotten the way her pussy dripped when aroused. She has always been a great fuck. I was her first and only. I knew that I had betrayed her, but the rush of talking to Samantha was amazing. I dated Samantha when I was ten. Our romance rekindled while I was on detachment due to being in the navy. She had found me on facebook. My squadron flew to Las Vegas for two weeks prior to leaving for Rota, Spain as a workup. My wife spoke to me on the phone while I was there pleading that I cease communication with Sam. She had seen some of the facebook conversations before I changed my password. Yes, they were seductive and spoke of a relationship. However, I couldn't stop talking to Sam; it was a mental rush. I was not with my wife nor son. The black haired, 5'5" woman was the only one in my sight.
Samantha sent me provocative pictures. Her breasts exposed in one. Her legs spred in another. I had to open a new e-mail account to make sure my wife wouldn't see them. I didn't want to receive a divorce notification on deployment. My command would have sent me home. Samantha was shorter than my wife and not as fit. I would say a size 10 from the pictures. She had medium length black hair. Her breasts were huge though; my wife was only a B cup. Samantha was a size C on the verge of a D. I couldn't wait until I moved her up to Washington state. I wanted those in my face. Our conversations spoke of what the future had in store for us. We made it official during my fist week in Spain. Our spicy conversations turned to being in a relationship. I called her my girlfriend. I told her how I would file for divorce when I returned home. Our physical relationship could start then. Throughout my four month detachment, I may have spoken to Claire five times...
My attention focused back on the woman displaying herself in front of me. My wife was the size of model. Her perfectly formed body was too much. She had very light skin with freckles here and there. Her long red hair floated below her breasts. Her ass was perfect. It was firm and toned. I wanted that ass; I am an ass man and I needed it. Her lingerie was black lace barely covering her pussy. Her nipples were erect; I could tell she was aroused and wanting me. Her breast were small, but firm. They were perfectly proportioned. I had forgotten how much I loved her body. I would kill anyone if they tried to touch her. Then how did I not love her? How could I divorce her and let another man have her?
She kissed me and began sucking on my cock. Oh, her lush lips running up and down. She fondled my balls while doing so which drove me over the edge. Samantha would not find out about this encounter. I could not pass up a fuck. That was it, a fuck. Nothing else. She was too perfect to not pass up. I thrusted her against the wall while she grinded against my dick. Oh it felt so good knowing she wanted me. She still wanted me.
I heard it, a ding. Shit, that's Sam. What should I do? I'm hard, she's wet. I'll be wasting a perfectly good pussy. What would the guys in the squadron say if they knew I passed up Claire? Pshh, they all wanted her, I knew how they tried to get with her while I was deployed.
I slowed my pace of kissing and holding Claire. I was thinking of the encounters she had. Drew had wanted her immensely. He was my bestfriend too. He always made himself available to her for heavy lifting. He picked up my son's new Lightning McQueen car bed in his truck and help Claire set it up. I only know because Claire sent me an e-mail the week prior and asked my permission. I wouldn't answer her calls. God, my permission, she never wanted me to think she would cheat, but I can just imagine him taking off his shirt to ease the heat of setting up with her. She wouldn't have done anything, she was faithful to me. I would break his fucking legs if he touched her. Then Jake, oh fucking stupid Jake. He was a smooth talker. I had heard through the grapevine that he arrived at the house at 2 AM attempting to get her to come to a party down the street with him. At least Drew was smart enough to appeal to the aspect that we had a son. What did Jake think she would do? Offer him to come in since she couldn't leave our sleeping two year old? She didn't do anything though. She closed the door in his face. I was cheating on her and she still stayed faithful knowing what I was doing.
"Ding," shit its Samantha. I have to stop.
That's when Claire moved. I could see her panties were soaked. She was always immensely wet when she wanted my dick. I was so dumbfounded that she pushed me over and stripped the rest of my uniform off. She was a wild woman. How could I say no to her? She needed me so bad. She needed this dick. I shook my head saying she could have me.
Then it started, the tease. She put the tip of my cock in her. Just the tip. What was she thinking?!?! I was now throbbing. Her juices were dripping down my shaft. I needed this just as much as she did. She grabbed my cock with her hand going up and down while she bounced a little on the head. She was so tight. I knew she didn't masturbate while I was away. She never did unless I wanted her to put a show on for me. That tight pussy was all for me and only me. My cock was the only thing to penetrate that wet hole. God, it was so tight! Please push all the way down, Claire!
She then brought her hand coated in cum to her mouth and sucked. Oh, how I wished this would never end. She was all mine. She then asked me to say that I loved her? What? Then she told me to say that I wanted no one, but her. At that moment I did. I only wanted her, but what about Samantha. I had an emotional connection to Samantha that had faded with my wife. Oh the way she was teasing my cock. I thrusted up. She was too swift, my motion did not allow me to go further in. She just continued to bounce on my cock's head, teasing me with those wet juices. I wanted her. I gave in; my mind filled with lust and desire for her tight pussy. I suckled on her firm tits biting each nipple. I needed her fully.
"I want you and no other. I love you. I want to fill your pussy. Please Claire, please give me that pleasure." She then pressed her hips down releasing my yearning. She was great at fucking me. She always had been; three years of marriage and still sex was amazing, but I needed to be in control. I flipped her small body over and plunged in. I could feel her walls clinching and ripping. My huge cock killing that small pussy of hers. It was as if I was taking her virginity again. I felt the spasm. Her walls clinched and she shook with pleasure. The liquid heat overcame my cock. I needed more of her. I picked her legs up and plummeted my cock in and out. Her cum was dripping out, hitting my balls down to her ass. Oh, her sweet ass. I will have it this week. Fuck Samantha, she won't know I'm doing this with my wife, MY WIFE. I'm taking whats mine. She is still my wife until we sign the papers and I won't let her forgo her wifely duties.
Oh shit, my cock was so wet sliding perfectly in and out. Her pussy clinched again. It felt so good hearing her moan underneath my strength. She called my name over and over. I bet our neighbors could hear us. I bit her breasts as I continued to ravage my cock into her warm pussy. My hands were grabbing her firm ass, wet from her cum. I wanted to slip a finger into her hole so bad while fucking her. I resisted. I knew it would come in time. She wanted to save this marriage so I knew I could get her to attempt it with the thoughts of keeping me as hers.
I felt it. My cock grew, I was not about to cum in her. I hated eating her out and tasting myself. I pulled out and shoved it fully in her mouth down to her throat. She sucked it submissively making sure I was cleaned off in the process.
I then laid down beside her. Damn she was a good fuck. I hope it takes a while for the divorce paperwork to form so I can fuck her a couple more times.
"Ding," Damnit Samantha, I was fucking Claire. Damn, of course she can't know that. I'll have to come up with some sort of explanation. I rose and put on my shorts. I walked outside to the front of my car. I didn't want Claire to hear me.
"Hey babe, yeah I'm fine babe. I was just explaining the situation to Claire. I love you too." I then saw Claire out of my eye. I could see the hurt in her face. She then grabbed her phone.
She pulled Sam's number from our fucking phone records. She texted, "Sam, its Claire, Robert's wife. Yea, I know what yall have been doing, but just so you know, he made love to me when he came home."
My phone started going baserk ringing. I did not know Sam could be so jealous. Claire was still my wife and all. I couldn't answer Sam yet. I was so pissed that Claire could do that to me. Why would she text Sam that? She knew we were over. I tried to leave. I jumped in my RSX and went to speed off when I saw Claire standing in our home's doorway. She just stared at me. I said get in. We drove for a while without saying anything. I could see the hurt in her face.
I went to say something, but she stopped me. She said that she would give me an easy divorce if I fully tried to save our marriage for two weeks. That meant marriage counseling and the whole nine yards. I didn't know what to say. I didn't believe in that crap. Claire had her bachelors in psychology going on a masters in Marriage and Family Therapy; she of course believed in it. Would doing this ruin what I had with Sam or would Sam understand? Maybe if I explained to Sam that Claire wouldn't contest the divorce if I did this. I loved Sam so nothing could change my mind in those two weeks.
Then I felt Claire. She placed her hand on my cock and began rubbing it through my pants. I felt the zipper go down. I pulled over to a back road. She then whipped my cock out rubbing. I could see in her face she loved rubbing my cock. She was licking her lips. Is this what she wanted? Did she just need two weeks of great sex before we part ways? I could give her that. She then lowered her head kissing the head of my now hard cock. She looked up at me and smiled.
"Robert, tell me, will you please partake in two full weeks of focusing on nothing, but saving our marriage?"
"Yes, Claire, I'll do it." I said. She then took my 9 inch member in her mouth. I could feel it hitting the back of her throat. Oh it felt so good. I started thrusting my hips up and down to the motion of suckling. Her mouth was hot and wet. If only I could get her pussy. I ran my fingers up her leg. I felt her shiver. Then I reached her pussy. She didn't have any panties on. She had planned this. I ran my index finger between her folds, her eyes pleaded for me to enter. I shoved my index finger and my middle finger into her wet pussy. She moaned. I felt her g-spot and probed at it over and over rapidly. She began thrusting her hips to my fingers. Her pussy clinched while I drove another finger into her. My cock pulsed with desire to fuck her, but how? There wasn't enough room in the RSX. I looked around needing to fuck that tight pussy of hers. No one was around. I could take her now on the hood of the car. The sun was setting.
I knew that Claire was a wild woman when I had her in the moment. I could get her to agree to fucking on the hood of the car. I plunged my fingers into her harder and faster. She moaned over and over again. I was so thankful that our neighbor agreed to watch our son so we could "talk."
"Robert, please make me cum. Robert I need you to make me cum."
I then whispered into her ear, "Claire get out of the car, lean over the hood and expose your breasts to me through the windsheild. I know you want to Claire. I would love to see your beautiful breasts through the windshield." She opened the door, I could see her pussy juices running down her leg. She then lifted her skirt so her ass was exposed to anyone that would be driving down the other side of the street. She pulled down her shirt allowing her breast to fully lay on the hood of the car. The cool blue metal made her nipples perk up further. I rubbed my dick, masturbating to her fully exposed body. She was doing this for me. Then I noticed that her hand was not on the car, but fingering her own clit. She was fully turned on.
I rolled down the window and told her to get on the hood fully and spread her legs exposing her wet pussy to me. She obliged. She went into the doggy position with that firm ass facing my window. I continued to rub my cock. Out of the window, I then told her to spread her legs further apart and play with herself. She did as I commanded. I knew she was as turned on as I. Then I saw the headlights approaching. I could see the vehicle. It was fucking Drew's hot pink miata. Damnit, was he seriously about to see my wife in all of her glory? At least her ass and pussy were facing me; he would only get a view of her breats. No, he wouldn't.
"Claire, get the fuck off the car. Drew is driving up." She didn't move, but pulled her shirt down further. They were so beautiful hanging down from her arched body. She looked back at me with me weird expression on her face. I knew she was hesitant. Then I saw a drop of cum drip from her pussy. She fucking liked the idea of another man seeing her. That fucking bitch.
Fuck it. I went with it. I got out of the car and shoved two fingers into Claire's pussy. She was so wet. Drew was now upon us. My cock twiched in my pants. He was so wide eyed, I thought he would have ran off the road. Claire moaned loudly under my touch. Drew couldn't believe what he saw. He had pulled over at that point watching. I pulled Claire's ass towards me and began licking. Her pussy tasted so good. I shoved my tongue as far as it could go. She moaned in ectasy. I then began sucking on her clit. She shook under my kiss. She moaned my name over and over. I actually loved knowing that Drew was watching and couldn't have her. That man could see all that he was missing and all that I owned. She was mine.
I then proceeded to pull Claire off the hood of the car and bent her over. I began to fuck her hard. I was so aroused during all of it, that I barely lasted five minutes. I bent over and whispered in her ear, that she was damn hot and to put her clothes on now and straighten up. She did exactly as I said and got in the vehicle. I then waved at Drew and sped off.
Did we really just do that? That was fucking amazing. I am so glad I agreed to two more weeks; maybe more. We road home in silence the rest of the way. Though, I could see Claire shift under the roar of the motor. The vibrations must be turning her on again.
She then proceeded to say, "Robert, we have marriage counseling tomorrow at 1300. I expect to see you there."
Then I heard "Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding." I do not know who was texting me. I expected it was Drew.
*****
It was invigorating having Drew watch me and all, but the truth was I hope Drew could keep his mind where I wanted it during all of that.
Robert was focused on driving and probably comprehending all that had just occurred. So I opened my phone and texted Drew.
"Drew, did you get the picture?"
Drew responded, "You looked fucking amazing doing all of that." I admit, my pussy did pulse when I read that, but I was focused.
"Drew that is not what I wanted you to do. Did you get the FUCKING PICTURE?"
Drew texted back, "Yes, I'll send it to you. Robert is clearly eating your pussy out in one and then clearly fucking you in the other." Ding, the picture started downloading.
It was perfect, I looked amazing in the picture as did my husband.
Send. That bitch will feel some of the pain that I felt. Oh poor Robert, he doesn't even know why his phone is exploding right now.