If by any chance you enjoy this, or any of my other stories, please do take a moment at the end to cast a vote. Or even better, post a comment (unless it's about grammar or punctuation)
The feedback is what motivates me. It's great to know there are kindred souls out there!
*****
It was getting near to lunchtime, and Kevin was wondering what might happen, given his adventure at breakfast.
Then, his gorgeous aunt had sat naked beside him on his bed as he jerked himself to a powerful orgasm, his eyes focussed on her magnificent tits.
After he had finished, she left the room, only promising to "see him at lunchtime".
Kevin was unsure what she had in mind, but had managed two more good wanking sessions over the course of the morning as his mind indulged in fantasy after fantasy.
Realistically, he suspected nothing would happen, and had almost reconciled himself to that, when he heard his aunt's footsteps as she climbed the stairs.
His bedroom door swung open and he watched his aunt come in. She was carrying a tray with his lunch, but in all fairness Kevin would struggle to tell anyone what was on the tray.
His aunt had clearly styled her hair, and applied some makeup, and was wearing a pair of high heels which not only made her look taller but changed her posture and stride.
And that was all she was wearing! High heels and a touch of make up!
Kevin felt the blood rushing into his cock as she strode towards him, placed the tray on his bedside table and sat beside him in the bed.
With one hand she lifted his cotton sheet, and pulled it down to expose his erection.
"Kevin, I've been thinking about this morning and the fun we both had. It was a lot of fun, but of course was quite wrong. We can't put the genie back into the bottle, and to take things any further would be incest, so I think we have to draw a line. We can look at each other, but absolutely no touching under any circumstances. I'll even let you jerk off in front of me, but no touching! Do you agree?"
Kevin would have agreed to anything at this point as he gazed at his aunt's body. Of course he wanted to touch her, he wanted to grab those big breasts and squeeze and suck them. He desperately wanted to fuck his aunt, but he realised not to agree to her conditions would be an end to their 'fun',
He nodded his agreement, and started to stroke his cock as his aunt watched.
She smiled, "Good lad Kevin, no physical contact. That's the best way."
Ten minutes later, Kevin was holding his aunts ass while she mounted him and inserted the tip of his massive cock into her cunt.
She groaned as she felt herself fill up, as she gradually slipped down and impaled herself on him.
"Oh God Kevin! That is so good! I have to feel that cock inside me! Please don't move, this is a sin but it feels so good. Don't fuck me though, we mustn't cross the line!"
Kevin lay still below her as she sat on his lap, with his cock deeply embedded in her. It felt hot, wet and very tight and he loved the sensation. His previous sexual experience had been a clumsy fumble with one girl his own age, but this was a whole new world for him.
He flexed his cock once, and saw his aunt gasp at the sensation. It felt pretty good to him too, so he did it again.
"Kevin! No, you mustn't do that! It's crossing the lines!"
Kevin flexed again, and his aunt groaned as she ground herself on him. Soon he was fucking her hard, with deep strokes as he held her waist and forced her down onto his cock with every thrust.
She was moaning and gasping with every thrust, and she rode him hard!
She began to come, and Kevin felt her cunt contract as the spasms started. He felt like he was being milked as she clenched him like a hot, warm glove.
'No physical contact!' thought Kevin with a smile, as he fucked her.
Over the next few days, he smiled a lot as he fucked his aunt time and again throughout the house. She simply couldn't resist him, though from time to time she would say that incest was wrong and they mustn't. Kevin would simply pause fucking her for a moment, then start again but pumping deeper and harder with every stroke and she soon stopped arguing.
They became increasingly daring with their sex. On one memorable occasion, Kevin stood in the lounge while speaking to his Mum on the phone during her lunch break. All the while, her little sister was on her knees in front of him, sucking his cock as he chatted away. Unaware, she chatted about her day, and told him she was going to bring home his favourite pizza for dinner that night. Meanwhile, he had stopped his aunt sucking him off, and was now bending her forward over the arm of her sofa as he prepared to fuck her again.
As he entered her, she groaned with pleasure.
"Kevin, are you ok? What was that noise?" asked his Mum down the line.
"Oh, that's just the tv, some gameshow that I was watching" he replied. Actually, he was watching his cock sawing in and out of his aunt as with his free hand he began to squeeze his aunt's ass while he fucked her.
"Oh, ok" said his Mum. "Look, I've got to go now, someone is coming! See you tonight Kevin," she said as she hung up.
'Damn right someone is coming' thought Kevin as his aunt writhed beneath him and he felt that now familiar surge begin in his balls.
'Oh yes indeed!' he thought as he filled his aunt with yet another load.
Kevin was a very happy lad these days, the only cloud on the horizon being that in a couple more days, his bed rest would come to an end and he would go back to his Mum's home to live. Not that he had been resting much the last few days.
How could he keep things going and maintain access to his aunt's pussy?