My plan was coming together nicely and by now, I knew she would be paying very close attention to what I was saying. Having just been told she was going to be spanked on her bare bottom, I expected her to be showing signs of both nervousness and excitement, and she was -- I could see both in her eyes.
Preparing to lay the final ground work for my big surprise, I decided to deviate from my plan just a bit and give myself a little well deserved pleasure.
"Take your bra off and hand it to me, Sweetheart." I asked, calmly.
As soon as I said it, her hands rose to the bra clasp between her boobs and she undid it. Holding her bra together as she looked at me, I simply nodded my head and held my hand out, beckoning to her to give me the bra. Her face instantly turned a deep shade of crimson and a dark red blush spread across her chest. Then, as she looked down at her feet, she slipped the bra off, took a step toward me and handed me her bra.
This was a first for her. In all the times she'd exposed herself to me, not once had she been bare breasted and faced me directly. Yes, I'd seen her from the back and from the side, but this was the first time she would reveal the fullness of her pert, teenage breasts to my sight.
I held her bra in front of me, and then just for show, I lifted the bra cups one by one, up to my face and buried my nose into the cups. Glancing up at her, her eyes were wide open watching as I rubbed my face into her warm bra where her breasts had been, and inhaled deeply, loud enough for her to hear. Just moments before, my daughter's pointy teenage nipples had been protected by this bra, and now my face was smothered by it.
"Hands to your side, Bonnie." I said, seeing she was covering herself up. "You've had your fun for months - teasing me and giving me endless erections - now it's time to face the consequences. Keep those hands down at your side so I can clearly see those breasts and nipples you've been taunting me with."
"You have beautiful breasts, Sweetheart." I said to her after a few seconds. "And beautiful nipples, too. I especially like the way your nips are getting hard. I guess that means you can't be that mad at me right now."
It wasn't only her nipples that were hard. My cock was extremely hard, too, and I draped her bra across my lap to hide my excited condition from her, for now. I still had a lot more to say to my daughter and I needed her to focus on what I was going to be saying and the emotions she was feeling -- not on my cock.
"What I need to talk about next is going to be difficult, Bonnie." I began. "You're probably going to feel ashamed, and it'll be hard to stand there and listen to what I have to say, but you will stand silently and hear me out. And I want you to pay close attention because at the end of this, I'm going to ask you a very important question and I want you think about your answer carefully. Are we clear on that?"
She tried to speak, but, she couldn't get a word out. Her mouth moved, but I heard no sound. I smiled to myself knowing she was scared and excited. And, after clearing her throat, she simply said "Yes, Daddy." I knew I was getting to her, and even though it was hard to be intentionally mean to my own daughter, who I loved very much, there was also some satisfaction in seeing the way she was reacting.
"While I was looking through the files on your laptop," I explained, "I found your 'Bonnie and Daddy' story." Her jaw dropped and she let out an audible gasp as her hands flew up to cover her mouth in alarm.
"I read the whole story, and at first, I was shocked." I continued. "But as I read it more closely, I was able to see all the emotion and feeling you put into it, and I was deeply touched that you wanted to do all those sexual things with me. Then, it occurred to me that all the nasty things you wrote about in your story were the same themes in all the stories you saved from the internet. So, I just assume those are the things you fantasize about the most. That's when the light bulb turned on for me, Bonnie. That's when I completely understood why you've been exposing yourself and teasing me."
"As I said earlier," trying to be crystal clear about what I'd already said, "I'm not mad you were reading all those internet stories. I'm not even mad that you wrote a story about me and you. What I'm mad about is that you selfishly teased me for your own gratification and you were completely thoughtless about your father's feelings."
"Honestly," I added, "I enjoyed the story you wrote about us. You obviously wrote it to be erotic, and it was. I was captivated by it, Sweetheart. It turned me on so much that half way through, right there in your room, and I masturbated myself while I read it."
Bonnie looked at me and gasped in surprise when I told her I played with my cock while I read her story. I smiled at her, and nodded my head, saying, "I'm telling you the truth, Sweetheart. It turned me on so much I had pull my cock out and jack-off. And if that surprises you, you're probably going to be shocked to hear that not only did I masturbate in your room while you were gone, but I also found a pair of your worn panties and I sniffed them while I read your story and jacked-off. I'm not kidding about that last part, Bonnie. If you go look in your room, you won't find any of your worn panties. Not on your floor or in your clothes hamper - because I took them all. And I bet if you look closely, you'll see the dried cum stains on your carpet."
Bonnie was so shocked to hear me say all this, I could have knocked her over with a single breath. She was absolutely speechless.
"Bonnie," I continued, "the reason I just told you all of that, was because I wanted you to know that you're not the only one with sexual needs. Just like I know you get turned on by exposing yourself, now you know that I jerked off and sniffed your panties. And not only that, but I took your panties so I could sniff them again the next time I masturbate, which will probably be tonight."
I stopped for a minute and reached for her bra that was lying across my lap. I hoped what I was about to do would solidify everything I'd said inside her head. It was one thing to tell her that her story and her panties had turned me on, but, it was another thing to show her. So, slowly, I pulled her bra away from my lap. My hard cock, sticking through the fly of my boxers, came into view -- sticking up proudly, as hard as it's ever been.
"Oh, my God!" She exclaimed as she pointed to my cock. "Daddy!"
"Sweetheart, this is what happens when you tease me." I said, referring to my hard cock, sticking up for her to see. "And don't act surprised that I've got an erection. After all, you're standing there with your boobs hanging out, and don't forget, I am a man." She couldn't take her eyes off my cock, and I didn't want her to. "Go ahead and look, Bonnie," I said to her, "I think you need to see for yourself what you've been doing to me each day. I'm serious, Sweetheart. Take a nice long look at your father's erection."
I thought about wrapping my hand around my cock and jacking myself in front of her, but, that would take her mind away from what I really wanted her to think about next, which was the whole point of our little talk. So after a minute or so, I casually tucked my trusty pole back into my boxers and covered the bump with her bra again.
"Now," I said, pausing for just a second to get her attention back, "this is the really hard part and where I need you to listen to me closely. I'm going to give you something to think about and ask you to make a decision. But, I don't want you to make that decision without having all the information to make it in an adult fashion. Do you understand, Bonnie?"
"Yes, Daddy," she answered, "I understand. I need to pay close attention here."
"Good girl, that's exactly right." I replied. Then I began to lay it all out for her, taking great pains to make everything perfectly clear.
"If all those pictures and stories you downloaded, and the story you wrote about us, were just fantasy to fuel your masturbation sessions, then I'll just spank you and give your panties back in a day or so, and then we'll both forget about all of this. You won't hold anything against me, and I won't hold anything against you. It will be all over, and we'll both forgive each and we'll move forward just like none of this ever happened."
"But," I explained, "if you're turned on by thoughts of exhibitionism, submission, humiliation, and having sex with me, and you want to have an opportunity to live some of that out and experience it all in a safe environment with someone that loves you, I'll agree to do that - for one month, under a few conditions which are non-negotiable and absolutely firm."
The expression on Bonnie's face was one of complete excitement. I knew I had her now. She was hanging on every word I said and I could see her brain was working a thousand miles a minute trying to process what I was saying, what it meant, and trying to figure out if I was serious, or not.
"Those conditions would be these, and you would have to agree to all of them." I said, firmly. "First, you will do everything I ask of you with no arguments. That means no matter what it is, you have to do it. It might be distasteful to you, utterly embarrassing, or horribly humiliating. But you'll do it, and you'll do it cheerfully or you'll be punished for disobeying."
"Second," I continued, "I will make all decisions on what you will wear, or won't wear, at all times. I promise I won't take you out in public looking like a slut, but, you can expect that I'll take some liberties in the way I dress you, especially when it's just you and me here in the apartment."
I could see a mix of excitement and terror in her eyes as I talked.
"Third," I said, "you will submit to me unconditionally, and that includes sexually. I will teach you the proper mannerisms and behavior of a submissive female, and for the thirty days, you will abide by them and be totally submissive to me in every way. And yes, I did say sexually and yes, I did mean that."
"Fourth," I explained, "you will give me your promise not to keep anything from me and you will always tell me the truth - no matter how hard it is. You will answer all my questions fully without any trace of deceit and you will be forthcoming with information, even if I don't specifically ask for it."
"Fifth," I said, as I leaned forward in my chair and looked directly into her eyes, "you will accept punishment from me as I deem necessary. It might be a spanking, or I might elect another appropriate punishment. I give you my word and my promise that you would never be physically hurt; I would never do that to you, Sweetheart. But, I don't see anything wrong with a spanking or something equally demeaning. I will be fair and you'll never be punished without cause, but, when I decide you need to be punished, you'll take it willingly and without argument."
"Sixth and lastly," I said softly, leaning back in my chair, "I'm sure you understand the need for privacy and discretion if we do this. That would mean you have to give me your solemn oath that you won't ever speak of what we're talking about to anyone other than me. If you do, it would mean big trouble for the both of us, and, your mother would find out, too."
Bonnie's eyes were almost glazed over and her nipples were hard and erect as she stood there. Her breathing was fast and shallow, and I worried for a few minutes that she might hyperventilate and pass out on me. I was really laying it on thick -- maybe too thick.
"So," I said, after stopping for a minute to let her think to herself about what I'd just said, "this is how we're going to proceed. In a few minutes, I'm going to spank you, just as I said I was going to do. And, yes, on your bare bottom. When I ask you, you'll remove your jeans and then I'll take your panties down, myself."
Bonnie's eyes seemed to light up when I told her I was going to lower her panties, myself. Her nipples were hard, too, and she hung on every word I said. Then, I continued speaking.
"After your spanking," I explained, "you'll go take a shower, shave your legs, wash your hair and make yourself pretty and presentable. Then, you'll get in bed and call for me. When I come in, just like I used to do when you were a little girl, I'll tuck you in and give you a good night kiss. At that time, you'll give me your answer about the thirty days by telling me either 'Yes' or 'No'. You'll say 'Yes' if you want to have the opportunity to experience those things that turn you on, or you'll say 'No' if you don't. Be sure of your answer, Sweetheart, because there's not going to be a second chance. If you say 'No', then it's no forever. If you say 'Yes', then we'll start the month tomorrow morning and there's no calling it off once we start."
Bonnie's eyes met mine and we exchanged looks for several moments. "Did you get all that?" I asked. "Any questions?"
"No, Daddy. No questions. I got it all. I was paying attention." She replied.
"Good." I answered. "Are you ready to have your spanking, then?"
"I guess so, but," Bonnie said, meekly, "Is it going to hurt a lot?"
"That depends on you, Sweetheart." I said. "If you cooperate completely and don't give me a hard time, then I promise to go easy on you. Believe me when I say I love you and I wouldn't ever do anything to physically hurt you. But, you've got this spanking coming, and I'm going to give it to you."
"I'll be good." She promised, looking at me -- her slender body almost shaking. What Bonnie didn't know was that she didn't have anything to worry about from the spanking itself -- I surely wasn't going to spank my little girl much or very hard at all. What she should have been concerned about, though, was the way she was going to be exposed and humiliated as part of her spanking. I was going to make sure she got a taste of her fantasies, whether she wanted it, or not.
"Okay, let's get this over with." I said calmly. "I think it would be easier if you brought me one of the chairs from the kitchen, Sweetheart. Would you do that for me, please."
Bonnie nodded her head and immediately left to bring me a chair from the kitchen table. As soon as she was out of sight, I stood up from my easy chair and pulled my cock through the fly of my boxers and gave it a few tugs to try to make it harder. It was useless, though, because my cock was already as hard as a steel pole and I smiled to myself admiring the way it majestically pointed out in front of me.
When Bonnie returned carrying the chair over which she would be spanked, she saw me standing there with my cock sticking out. Setting the chair down in front of me, she took a step back and with her hands to her sides, she stood there silently staring at my cock, waiting for me to tell her what to do next.
"I've got half a mind to make you take care of this for me." I said to her, pointing down to my throbbing cock. "Maybe I should add that to your punishment in return for the hundreds of erections you've caused."
I think poor Bonnie wasn't sure what I was going to do to her next. At first, she seemed to be focusing on how much the spanking was going to hurt her cute, teenage butt, but, now I think she was seeing that she might be made to service my cock. The uncertainty was good, for sure, because it gave her more to think about, even though there was no way I was going to force her to do anything to me. I just couldn't do that to her. Anything she did, she would have to do willingly.
Reaching out and turning the chair around to face her, I sat down. Intentionally, I left my cock poking out so she could see it, and in fact, I had a little surprise planned for her that I hoped would make her uncomfortable as hell.
Once I was settled, I looked up into Bonnie's eyes and told her to come stand in front of me. When she did, I told her to take the rest of her clothes off. "You can keep your panties on for now." I added.
Since she was already topless, it didn't take her long to pull her jeans off and straighten back up in front of me. There she stood in just her panties, obediently standing with her hands by her sides. I'd seen these specific panties on her before, and I liked them very much on her. They were tiny cotton hip huggers, with a full back. The fact that they were cotton meant there was no sewn-in crotch panel and her juices, which I suspected were flowing liberally from my daughter's vagina by now, would be soaked up in the cotton material, making these panties an especially good trophy to confiscate after her spanking. I made a mental note to be sure to get them.
As I was concocting my plan earlier in the day, I strategically placed six sofa pillows by the couch and I had an ingenious plan on how to use them to increase her exposure and humiliation during her spanking. So, pointing to the pillows, I asked her to get them for me. One by one, I laid the pillows on the floor to the left of the spanking chair I was sitting in, stacking them up, one on top of the other until there was a tower of pillows next to me.
"Bonnie," I said, once I had the last pillow in place, "you're going to lie over my lap and rest your head on these pillows with your butt in the exact middle of my lap. I'll allow you to keep your panties on until you're in position to protect what modesty you might have, but they'll have to come off before your spanking begins. If you cooperate and don't give me any reason to get more upset with you, you won't get very many swats and it won't hurt too much."
She nodded her head up and down, and knowing that it was now do or die, I held my hand out to her and said, "Get over my lap now."
Bonnie was looking at my cock straining up from my crotch as she took a tentative step toward me. "Daddy," my daughter said nervously, pointing to my cock, "what about your, uh....."
"Get over my lap, Sweetheart." I said calmly. "Don't make me ask you again."
I watched as my daughter moved to the right of me and then carefully started to bend down and lay her nearly naked body over my lap. I knew it would be cumbersome, and she'd have to struggle to position her pelvis perfectly over my lap. I did it this way so I could see her boobs dangling in front of me as she tried to get into position correctly. After two tries, she'd figured it out, and as she rested her head on the pillows, her panty covered bottom lowered itself down to my lap, exactly in the middle as I'd requested.
She was careful not to lie on top of my cock, but, I was elated to find that her body was nestled right up next to it, and it throbbed and pulsed against her. I flexed my cock muscles a few times to let her know it was there, and I felt her shiver each time my pole moved against her. I could only imagine what she must have thought each time she felt my cock move.
I'd judged the height of the spanking chair and the pillows perfectly. The way she was perched upon my lap with her head resting on the pillows, her knees couldn't quite touch the floor so she had to hold herself up by spreading her feet and balancing on her tiptoes. As I hoped, she was going to give me a wonderful view of her pussy from behind once I removed her panties. I'd even planned on making her spread her feet way out so I could see deeper into her cleft from behind. I knew all this would be tremendously embarrassing, humiliating, and hopefully - exciting for her, and I'd be able to tell if she was enjoying it by the amount of moisture and the aroma from her eighteen year old pussy.
Finally, it was time. She was in place, my cock was throbbing up against her, and her beautiful, teenage butt was in my lap. I wanted the next phase of her experience to be slow and agonizing for her, and so far, everything had worked out perfectly so I had high hopes this next part would go good, too.
"Bonnie," I said calmly as I laid one hand on her back and one hand lightly on her butt, taking the liberty to feel the soft cotton of her panties on the palm of my hand, "I'm glad you're taking all this like an adult, Sweetheart."
I started to lightly stroke the firm globes of her bottom outside her panties, moving from side to side, cupping the tight flesh of her buttocks in my hands. "This would have been a lot harder for me to do if you had forced me to treat you like a child." I added. "I appreciate that, Sweetheart."
Then moving my hand down between her legs to the inside of her thigh - not even a fraction of an inch from the gusset of her panties - I continued speaking to her in a calm voice, saying, "I'm hopeful you'll learn a lesson from this and you'll remember the feelings you're experiencing right now, and the ones you'll experience during and after your spanking."
After I stopped talking, I very slowly moved my hand up to where my fingers lightly grazed her panty covered pussy, right between her legs. She lurched a little when she felt my touch, but, I held her in place with the hand that was resting against her back. As she came to relax again, I slowly increased the pressure of my fingers between her legs until I was stroking them lightly up and down her pantied slit. I was amazed at the amount of moisture I could feel simply by the light touch of my fingers, and there was no doubt in my mind that she was probably dripping wet with anticipation. I'd get the final answer to that question very soon when I removed her panties -- I'd be able to see the level of her excitement.
It wasn't my plan, initially, to actually fondle my daughter while she lay over my lap before her spanking, but, I couldn't resist it. She was right there and her butt looked so inviting wrapped in her tight panties. I could see the crotch of her panties so clearly as I looked down at her, and it was if her panties were calling my name, begging me to touch her. So, I gave in to the feeling and started to feel her up in earnest.
"Sweetheart," I whispered while I touched her, "you should appreciate the fact that I haven't said anything to your mother about the way you've been showing your body off to me. And, you should feel fortunate that you have a father that is so understanding about these things and is willing to help you through it. Don't you agree?"
Bonnie was starting to tremble as I touched her between her legs. I felt for her pussy hole through her panties, and once I found it and pressed into it, a flood of warmth and wet spilled out against my finger. She was, without a doubt, as turned on as I'd planned and hoped for.
"Yes, Daddy," she replied in a ragged voice, "I'm thankful you didn't tell Mom and I do feel fortunate to have an understanding Daddy like you." Her words made me smile, and even though I wanted to continue touching my daughter's secret place, I knew I needed to get on with it.
Withdrawing my hand from her back and from between her legs, I put my hands on her waist and tucked my fingers into the waistband of her panties, saying, "I'm going to slip your panties down now, and I don't want any trouble from you when I do it. You're going to have to close your legs together for a few seconds so I can get them off. Then, you'll have your spanking and it will be all over, Sweetheart."
Only a moment later, I began the immensely exciting task of lowering my daughter's panties. I wanted this to be a slow, excruciating ordeal for her, so I made sure I went as slow as I could without stopping. The tension in the room was almost unbearable and we both knew she would be completely naked and exposed to me before long.
When the waistband of her panties cleared her butt cheeks, she closed her legs as I asked her to. The view as I slipped her panties further down was nothing short of spectacular. The crotch of her panties turned inside out as I pulled them down over her thighs, and I could see they were shiny with the glistening lubrication seeping from her pussy.
Further down I pulled, and as I did, I finally got a small peek of her exposed pussy from behind, taking note of the amount of hair she had on her pussy lips. Then, as the gusset of her panties pulled away and popped loosed from between her thighs, I heard her moan and I felt her body shake.
She knew she was no longer covered when her loose panties slipped easily down her legs and I let them sit for a moment just above her ankles. "Almost done, Bonnie," I whispered to her, "lift your feet now." Without having to be asked again, my daughter pulled up one foot, and then the other allowing me to remove her panties, making her finally naked in my presence.
Since she couldn't see me with her face buried in the pillows, I pulled her panties to my face and felt the wetness of the cotton against my nose. The aroma was thick, and it enraged my cock to where it was throbbing against her bare flesh and leaking precum from the tip.
Bonnie was having a hard time balancing herself with her feet together like they were, and I knew she couldn't keep her balance much longer. I knew she'd have to eventually spread her feet in order to stay across my lap without rolling off. I decided to just let her figure it out, and once she did, she would have no choice but to open her stance up and give me the view between her legs I was waiting for.
"Are you comfortable now?" I asked.
At that point, my daughter gave up trying to balance herself and moved her feet apart so she could steady her body. I think she must have realized the view she was affording me, because she let go a long sigh as her body settled down and came to rest again.
I placed one of my hands on her back again and one on her right butt cheek. Gently pushing her butt cheek open with my hand, I was able to see down inside her butt crack and clearly see her crinkled star and the lips of her labia. "You're quite beautiful back here, Sweetheart." I said, gazing down between her legs. "I hope you'll forgive me for looking at you so intimately, but, I think you owe me that much."
"It's okay, Daddy." She said meekly. "You can look."
I didn't expect her to answer, but since she did and told me it was okay, I moved my other hand to her left butt cheek and then I deliberately spread both cheeks and looked down at her. I was delighted to see when I spread her cheeks like this, her pussy lips parted a bit and I could see the pink of her pussy open up just a little.
"Thank you, Bonnie." I said, nicely. "I'm happy you're taking this so well. And since you're letting me look at you without putting up a fuss, I'll reward you by making your punishment lighter than it was going to be. See," I added, "good behavior gets rewarded."
"Thank you." She said. "And, Daddy...." Bonnie added.
"Yes, Sweetheart?" I answered. "Did you want to say something?"
"I don't mind you looking." She said softly, followed by, "You could have always looked, Daddy. Anytime you wanted to, and I would have let you."
I didn't expect that, at least not yet anyway. But it confirmed one thing, and that is -- I was on the right track with her.
"That's nice to know and I appreciate you telling me." I replied. "I wasn't kidding when I said you were beautiful down here. In the last several weeks, you don't know how many times I've dreamed about looking at you and stroking myself at the same time."
I reached down between her butt cheeks and I spread her open as far as I could, hoping I could open her pussy up a little more and get a better look at her pinkness. My cock was vacillating and throbbing as I did this, straining against her and I knew she could feel it. To make it more interesting, I had a steady flow of precum seeping from my cock head and it was leaking all over me and some of it was on her, too. In a way, I thought having my precum leaking all over her was a good thing - and once she discovered it, it might boost her emotionally to know how much she'd turned me on as she lie across my lap.
"Sweetheart, from what I can see of it back here, your vagina is absolutely stunning." I said, in a soft voice. "I wish I could have seen it before now. That surely would have eased my frustrations each night."
Bonnie shuddered at my words. If there was any doubt in her mind what I could see from the way she way lying over my lap, I think it was just cleared up. All this aside, I knew I had to get on with it now. If I delayed much more, she might start to see through my plan.
"Bonnie, it's time for your spanking now and I want you to be brave and don't try to pull away from me." I said to her softly. "As I promised, I'm going to reduce the number of swats to just a few. I can't let you off with no punishment, but since you've been good, I'm going to reduce it quite a bit. If you want, I can rub you lightly after your swats to help ease the sting, but, I won't do that unless you ask me to."
"Thank you, Daddy." Bonnie replied. "And yes, I'd like you to rub me to help with the sting, if you don't mind."
As far as I was concerned, she'd just given me permission to touch her and feel her up. I don't think she was so naïve to believe I was simply going to soothe away the sting of the swats on her bottom. She had to know I was going to touch her intimately.
"Very well, Bonnie, I'll try to rub away some of he sting and hopefully, I'll make it more bearable for you and help you feel better. You can always stop me if it's not helping." I explained to Bonnie. "Now, if you have anything you want to say, say it now, because it's time we get this over with."
"The only thing I want to say is that I'm really sorry for teasing you, Daddy." She answered, turning her head around as much as she could to look at me. "I know it was wrong of me to do it, and I deserve to be punished. I'm also very thankful for lowering the number of swats, too. And, uh, Daddy..... I meant what I said. So, from now on, you can look at me naked any time you want. And if you need to masturbate while you look at me, I think I owe you at least that much."
My heart was warmed by her confession and her offer, and I almost pulled her off my lap and hugged her. But, I knew from reading her stories she had some interest in being spanked, either from an exhibitionist, submissive or humiliation point of view, and I wanted her to fully experience the sensation of being exposed and having to endure the momentary discomfort of being spanked. So, without further delay, I thanked her for her declaration and told her to ready herself.
I swung my hand up and brought my open palm down on her right butt cheeks smartly, trying to create a swat that had more topical sting and less actual brute force. I wasn't trying to create bruises on my precious daughter's ass, I just wanted her to feel the sting on her cheeks. SMACK!
"Oh, shit!" She screamed and jumped at the same time.
Immediately, a red hand print appeared on her butt cheek and she squirmed on my lap. I thought I might have smacked her too hard, so I immediately started to rub her bottom to help rub away the sting. After a few moments, I raised my hand again and swatted the other cheek. Just as before, her cheek started to redden and she jumped when she felt the sting. Then I switched to the other side and swatted again, and then quickly again on the opposite cheek.
Pausing for a moment, I asked, "Doing okay so far?" As I rubbed her stinging cheeks with my hand.
She turned her head toward me and sniffled, "It stings really bad, Daddy." Her eyes were staring to water and I immediately feared I'd spanked her too hard. She whimpered a little bit and readjusted her feet wider, preparing herself for more swats. When she did, I peeked down between her legs. What I saw made me look again -- her pussy was literally dripping wet now.
"Bonnie, the wider you spread your legs, the more I'll reduce your punishment." I said as I urged her thighs apart. "I don't want you to think I'm completely without any compassion for your situation."
At my suggestion, my daughter widened her stance as far as she could, giving me a miraculous view between her legs. Not only could I see her crinkled bottom hole, but I had a clear view of her lightly furred labia. What was most interesting, though, was the trickle of pussy juice that seemed to be coming from her vagina and flooding my lap. I'd never seen a female get this wet before, and I was mesmerized by the amount of her lubricious secretions that were flowing from her pussy.
"Oh, yes," I moaned as I looked down into her pinkness, "that's very good now, Sweetheart. I can see your vagina and your anus perfectly. I think the swats can probably be over quite soon since you're cooperating so well. Then I'll rub you for a few minutes to ease away your pain."
Quickly, so I could get it over with, I smacked her reddened butt cheeks two more times, once on each cheek. Bonnie jumped and twisted as she lay over my lap and then a second later, she started to softly sob into the stack of pillows.
I rubbed her fiery butt cheeks very lightly to take away the sting as best I could. I was happy to see that her bottom was only reddened and she didn't look like she was really hurt. I hoped it was just the sting that caused her so much discomfort because I knew that would fade away soon. But as I soothed her backside, I ran my fingers lightly between her legs, just barely touching her pussy lips. When she felt my touch, she pushed herself back against my hand causing my fingers to brush between her lips. A hot, wet flow of her juices seeped out and smothered my fingers.
Sensing her need, I wiggled my finger up and down the length of her slit, stopping for a minute to diddle her clitoris. She moaned when I did it, sounding like she was almost out of breath. When I touched her clit again, she groaned in between sobs, "Oh, God, Daddy...... I'm so sorry for what I did to you."
"Shhhh, now Sweetheart," I whispered down to her, "It's all over now. You've had your spanking. Lie still for a minute and relax while I rub you."
I felt my daughter's body go limp as she lie in my lap, completely submissive to my command and to my touch. Now, I needed to do just one more thing. And that was, I needed to make her cum so she'd begin to associate her embarrassment and humiliation with orgasm.
Rubbing her back softly, I adjusted my hand between her legs so I could have comfortable and direct contact with her clit. Very slowly at first, I began to rake my fingers up and down her slit, pausing at one end to rub her clit, and pausing at the other end to rub my finger around the mouth of her vagina. I was careful not to push my finger into her because I had other plans for her first penetration, and this was not the place or the time for that.
Her sobbing subsided, but her ragged breathing didn't. In fact, it increased and so did her moaning, especially when I concentrated on her clit. Finally, I decided it was time to let her cum, so I settled into a technique where my thumb was nudged up against her pussy hole, rubbing around her opening, and my fingers strummed her clit.
After thirty seconds of this treatment, Bonnie began to gently rock her body back towards my hand, trying to increase the pressure against her pussy. This was my final signal that my daughter had emotionally submitted her body to me and I was now confident that the next thirty days were going to be a real experience for the both of us.
I doubled the pressure against her clit and began my assault. I figured it would take perhaps two or three minutes of this stimulation before she climaxed, but, I was wrong. In less than thirty seconds, she started to shudder and whimper.
"Oh, oh, oh, oh......" She moaned repeatedly, until her body stiffened and she gasped for air. "Daddy!" Bonnie cried. I knew she was about to cum -- her fists were clenched, gripping the pillows she was resting on, and she was quivering under my touch.
"Aaaaahhhhh!" She finally groaned as she came in one long lungful of air.
I pulled my hand from between her legs so she could calm down. Looking at my fingers, I could see my whole hand was wet and slimy with her thick, slippery juice and without even thinking, I brought my hand to my lips and licked her secretions from my hand, one finger at a time.
I let Bonnie rest there, just like she was, for several minutes, and then I told her she could stand up. Slowly, she slipped off my lap and down to her knees to the side of my chair. In that position, her breasts were laying in the puddle of pussy juice she left in my lap and her head was precariously close to my erection, hovering no more than six or eight inches above it. A thought went through my mind that I could just press down on the back of her head and make her suck me off, but, that could wait, too. Right now, I wanted to get her headed for the shower and into bed so we could have our bedtime talk when I tucked her in. I had a special plan for that, too.
"Stand up, Sweetheart." I said, lovingly, grasping her upper arm and helping her up. When she finally stood, she looked down in my lap to see the mess of our combined juices all over me. My package was straining up and Bonnie's eyes were locked on it.
I was able to get my first clear look at the front of her pussy now. In the previous months, I'd only seen her in her panties, or my view to her bare pussy was conveniently blocked by a towel, or something else. Now, however, my daughter was standing right in front of me, completely naked with all her charms exposed. The remnants of her tears were disappearing, but her nipples were poking out at me, erect as pencil erasers. I held off exploring her teenage breasts, instead opting to take a long, much overdue look at my daughter's pussy from the front.
Just as I suspected, her pubic hair was trimmed, but not shaved. Through her light pubic hair, I could see her puffy lips were slightly separated and the prepuce of her clit was poking out at me. I just love the look of a girl's pussy when her clit pokes out between her lips in front of her, especially if she's hairless. If everything worked out like I planned, Bonnie would be completely bald down there tomorrow.
"Spread your legs for me, Sweetheart." I asked her. "Show your Daddy how pretty you are down there."
Without saying a word, Bonnie spread her feet apart and displayed herself to me. I was overtaken with her pure beauty. Her lips were perfectly formed and parted enough for me to see her small inner lips and the thick lubrication slathering them. Her thighs were drenched, as evidence to her arousal, and her smell was glorious. I couldn't help myself from wrapping my hand around my cock and jacking it for a few seconds while as I looked at her, and when I did, she let out a soft whimper as I stroked my cock, saying "Go ahead, Daddy. It's okay."
After a minute, I had to let go of my cock or I would have cum all over myself, and I didn't want that. Oh yes, I was definitely going to cum tonight -- probably at least twice. And hopefully, one of those times would be with her displaying herself to me as she lie in bed when I went in to tuck her in.
"Sweetheart," I said, looking up into her eyes, "I want you to go take your shower and call for me when you're in bed, like I told you." Then handing her the cotton panties I'd pulled off her before the spanking, I said, "On your way to the shower, put your panties on my bed so I can enjoy them tonight."
"Yes, Daddy." She said, obediently. Then without another word between us, Bonnie turned and left. She didn't look back. I figured it would be a good forty five minutes to an hour before she called me into her bedroom. That would give me plenty of time to finalize my plans for the rest of this evening.
To be continued...