After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
More than two more months had passed, and Emily still wasn't pregnant, so she decided to stop ignoring it and go to see a doctor for a check-up and see if maybe there was a reason behind it. At the very least she hoped to put her mind at rest with some explanation for it, and also to ensure she was still capable of it if or when she decided to start a family one day back on her own Earth.
"'Sit', 7GQA9E."
It was a command that she was well used to hearing from men, practically on a daily basis, so she dropped into the position without thinking about it. Now that she was in the position, though, she quickly realised it wasn't an "open up and say ahh" kind of thing. This guy wanted to look at her body for personal reasons. His next words confirmed that.
"Now 'Kneel' and 'Open', 7GQA9E."
It was not surprising then when he unzipped and presented Emily with his penis. It was time for her to 'give the gift' again. She gave it her all, feeling her heartbeat increasing as she sensed his pleasure with her, but all too soon he was finished, and she had swallowed yet another load of semen.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. Now if you could hop up on the table and put your feet into the stirrups?"
It was so strange to be in this very clinical setting and now splayed open in front of a man she'd just blown, but he was all business now, like what they'd just done only moments before had never even happened.
"Do you generally orgasm during coupling?" he asked as he looked between her legs.
That seems like an unusual question for a fertility examination, but whatever.
"Um… no, not usually. Is that not normal for a woman?" she replied.
"Yes and no," he replied "Ok, I will just insert the speculum. Hopefully it is not too cold."
Ugh. I hate that thing. It's always cold, and it's so vulgar to have someone looking up your whatsit. At least I'm a little less squeamish about that part these days…
She felt the intimate touch of a speculum nudging her labia open as it slid inside her, hearing the clicking as it expanded and locked open, putting her on full display. She could hear lots of ums and ahhs as the doctor seemed to really enjoy his time between her splayed legs. All she could think about as he poked and prodded her pussy was being on her knees servicing him just moments before this examination started. She could still taste his cum, and his touch was now driving her to the edge of an intense orgasm. Just as she started to wonder what it would feel like if the doctor fucked her through the speculum, he backed away.
"Ok, healthy cervix. Nothing obvious there. When did you say you had your last baby?"
"Um… about 6 months ago."
"Hmm… that is most unusual for a woman of your age, but not unheard of. Have you been menstruating normally?"
"Perhaps a little lighter these days but I seem as regular as I used to be," Emily replied.
"Were there any complications with either the pregnancy or the birth?"
"None that I'm aware of."
"Ok, let us have a closer look then. This might be a little uncomfortable for a moment, but it should not take too long."
Emily could hear clicking and cracking sounds and more ums and ahhs as he did something in between her legs. He wasn't wrong about it being a little uncomfortable.
"Ok," he finally announced after ten minutes or so and then set about removing the instruments from her body. "You can hop out of the stirrups now and take a seat."
Emily gratefully slipped around to a seated position on the gurney with her legs together at last.
"Anything obvious, Doc?" she asked.
"Yes, there is," he began. "You have a Mothers' sterilisation device implanted in your womb. Such a procedure is illegal for a woman of your age unless there are extenuating circumstances. You were obviously unaware of it. Do you have any idea how it came to be there?"
WTF?
"Um… no. None at all," she replied honestly.
"It is no problem," he replied, "I can imagine disturbing ways it could get there without you knowing, but all the same it requires surgery to remove it. No matter who put it there or for what reason, it is still illegal. When giving the gift, your fertility is expected. More than that, demanded. We will also enhance the petals of your womanhood at the same time to make you more receptive to pleasure, which will allow you to orgasm more easily during coupling. There is no reason for you not to enjoy giving the gift. I will make sure that your pleasure is most intense. You are an exceptionally beautiful woman, and your pleasure gives all men pleasure."
Enhance the petals of my womanhood!!! What does that mean?
Back on her Earth, women sometimes had labiaplasty to reduce the size of their inner labia. Emily didn't consider that her lips were anywhere near big enough to consider that procedure. While she was well aware that she was a bit untidy down there, and that caused some embarrassment for her having to be naked and shaved in this place where everyone could see it, no man had ever complained about her appearance.
Or does he mean to make them even bigger? Fuck that!
Either way, taking a knife to this most sensitive and personal part of her body sounded like her worst nightmare!
And the fucking IUD? How did that get there, and who did it, and when?
On the one hand it was more than a little relief to discover that she couldn't conceive for the time being. Her womb was constantly being flooded with cum, and without it she almost certainly would have fallen pregnant again by now. But of serious concern was how the thing got inside her without her knowing about it? She couldn't recall being black-out drunk anytime recently, which might indicate she'd been roofied. Perhaps more importantly, why would someone do that to her anyway?
What the actual fuck?
Ok, so someone was messing with her. Who? Whoever did it obviously didn't want her to know about it, so asking direct questions was unlikely to lead anywhere. They'd just lie and feign ignorance. Her best bet would be to keep pretending she was unaware of it and trust no one for the time being, in the hope that the culprit slipped up and revealed themselves. In the meantime, she needed to avoid getting it removed, if that was at all possible. Getting pregnant again right now was out of the question.
But getting back to the alarming matter of this doctor wanting to do something to alter the appearance of her genitals.
"What are you saying?" Emily asked in horror. "You're going to cut me?"
"No, there is no cutting," he replied with a smile, "but it can be a little delicate, so we will perform it at the same time as we remove the Mothers' sterilisation device under a general anaesthesia. It is a combination of a hormone treatment and gene therapy which will trigger a second puberty in the area. It stimulates further growth of the clitoris and an increase in the nerve responses, with a slight side effect in some extra growth of the labia minora, but it is not ugly. It is quite beautiful in fact. I am sure you will be pleased with the results, and you will orgasm far more easily, even during the briefest of couplings."
She looked at him, completely aghast. No cutting was some relief, but he wanted to change her body and was talking about it as if it was no bigger deal than giving her a flu shot! She needed a way out of this fast, or at least a way to evade it until she could get off this planet.
"Can I at least have some time to think about it?" she asked. "I'm involved in a scientific project over the next few months, and a pregnancy would be most inconvenient."
"Hmm… I can ask for a delay of six months, but no longer," he replied. "Will that be sufficient?"
Oh God, I hope so.
"It should be," she replied.
Emily had a lot to think about as she at last departed the clinic. How that IUD came to be there was one thing, but for now it was welcome. She didn't want any more babies here, and she especially didn't want a pregnancy again now that they were so close to going home. That would mean either leaving another baby here or becoming a single mother back home. However, she might want to have a family back on her world one day, and whatever this device was, it might be more complex than the Earth 1 doctors had seen, and they might not have the technology to remove it without causing damage to her reproductive system. The plan in the back of her mind to get married, settle down and have children one day may not happen if she didn't go through with having it removed here. However, getting it out now could mean she would get pregnant again before the starships were ready, and that just wouldn't do. Her best option was to delay it. But what if the starships didn't work and they were still stuck here? That would mean having more babies that she would never meet. The trick might be to somehow delay it so that she got it done just before she returned to Earth 1. But then they were also going to 'enhance the petals of her womanhood'. That sounded ugly, despite the doctor's assurances. It had to be avoided at all costs even if it meant being permanently sterile. But what if circumstances got out of control and it happened anyway whether she wanted it or not?
She realised she was really wet all of a sudden at the thought of her body being changed. Her heart was beating wildly.
WTF? It must be a stress reaction.
For the time being, though, knowing she couldn't conceive was an enormous relief. Now she could go on with the mandatory 'fucking and sucking', as Madison put it, without having the worry of pregnancy in the back of her mind. All she had to worry about was the starships being ready on time so she could avoid that surgery and risk getting pregnant again, let alone what they were going to do to change her appearance.
She noticed a man looking at her as she waited on the path for a cab. It interrupted her thoughts and made her smile.
"'Sit', 7GQA9E," he commanded.
She immediately got into the position on her heels with her knees as wide apart as she could get them and her hands behind her neck, keeping her elbows way back so her breasts would be held up and pushed out. She hoped he liked what he saw. This was her gift. Would he ask her for a blowjob? Maybe something else? She imagined her labia extending further than they were now if she had to go through with that procedure. She started breathing harder as he looked her up and down.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. You are very beautiful," he said at last.
That's all he wants? Did I do something wrong? Did I not smile enough? Not have my legs far enough apart? Are my tits too small?
"Thank you, kind sir," she replied, mustering her best smile.
On the cab ride back to the space port, she kept wondering why the man hadn't wanted anything more from her. Was she losing her looks maybe? Maybe her genitals weren't appealing in their current state, and she should accept that procedure? Perhaps he just wasn't in the mood for coupling, and looking at her had been enough for him? He had found her attractive enough to want that much at least.
Yeah, that has to be it. He was just having a bad day. Maybe looking at me cheered him up?
Still, she couldn't help but feel a bit disappointed that he hadn't wanted anything else.
As she walked back into the hangar, she noted with some satisfaction that the starships looked more like starships now rather than skeletons with cables running everywhere. Hundreds of people had been involved and they were now slightly ahead of schedule. The thrusters were working, the main bodies of the hyperdrive systems were installed and the bridges looked almost complete. They had even increased the size of the aquinium tanks so they would be capable of making dozens of jumps instead of just two next time. There was still plenty to go, though. Collingwood was still working on the hyperdrive mapping systems and adapting them to work with the Earth 1 hyperdrive, but he believed they would be on track to go home within three or four months. It would be cutting it close, but hopefully it all happened to schedule so she didn't have to go through with the surgery and the genital enhancing therapy. Or maybe she should just get it anyway so she could have babies again whether she stayed or went home? Back home she had access to birth control so she could have babies if and when she decided to. Here it was expected of women her age to reproduce. That was the deal. If she did end up stuck here, she had to accept that.
Emily thought about how the procedure would go. Would she have to give blowjobs or have sex with all of the doctors and assistants involved before they began? She drifted into daydreaming about what they might do, but quickly snapped out of it. This world was making her insane! No, that enhancement thing sounded horrible, and she had to get out of here at all costs now. If nothing else, she was an officer, and it was her duty. Still, she had a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach that she would be losing something important to her when the time came. What exactly was it?
She thought about her friends back home seeing her now, seeing what she had become. It was now nearly two years since she'd last had clothes on. The whole time on this Earth she'd been completely nude. She was nude in her home, nude at work, nude in the streets, nude when she did her shopping and nude even when she went out for a drink. More than that, she spread her legs and showed everything she had to any man who asked. More than that even, she let any man fuck her in any hole she had. She let them do it to her in public, in private rooms, even in police stations. She had sex anywhere, anytime with anyone.
Oh God! They're gonna think I'm a complete slut!
The thought of their reactions to finding out what she had done here horrified her. The contrast to the woman she was on Earth 1 was beyond measure. She would never have done anything even remotely like this back home. She almost couldn't here, either. It was only the pressure she put on herself to fit in that drove her to it in the end. But still, she had done it by choice. She had to accept that. When it was all said and done, she had no one else to blame but herself. She could have accepted the rattan every day if she had to. She could have accepted being thrown in jail. Instead, she'd decided to become a fuck-toy just like every other woman here, constantly displaying her naked body, wearing a collar, jumping whenever a man told her to and allowing her body to be used by them as they saw fit.
This was Earth 2 though, she told herself. Things were different here. Women gave their bodies and men gave their minds to make this world a better place to live. Neither of those came easily. Women had to sacrifice modesty and bodily autonomy, while men had to sacrifice their egos and work together instead of fighting each other to become king of the hill. That's what made this place work. She wasn't from here, though, and the thought of going home again suddenly made the reality of everything she had done here come crashing down. Back home, they would never understand why she had done the things she did here. It was the opposite problem. She would be a social pariah there for the same reason she tried to avoid becoming one here.
Her thoughts shifted to them seeing her at Debutante when she was violated by five men at once while it was broadcast to the entire world. Then, what she did the next day when she had to blow that cop in the middle of the police station, and Collingwood had seen the whole thing. And later being fucked by a stranger in the street! Then being exhibited as the only one naked at the deb training. Then after deb training, choosing to go to the pub for the first time to force herself to start living like an Earth 2 woman. She had masturbated in public that time and then had sex with those two men at their apartment. She had gone back to the same pub many, many times, and now she couldn't remember how many men she'd had sex with. It was the same pub where she'd paraded herself in front of her crew and then blown them all just after the Master's training. Then on the Monday after that, she had gang-banged the whole crew at the Space Port!
Oh God! What have I done!!
Yet, she could feel herself getting aroused thinking about it all. Was it just about 'giving the gift'? No wait. There was something more. Something made her pulse quicken when she thought about constantly being exposed to men's gazes. Posing for them with her legs wide apart and even with her pussy lips open. Willingly blowing them on her knees with her hands behind her back in public in front of anyone who cared to look. Wearing a collar and obeying without question. Letting anyone fuck her, anytime, anyplace. But the biggest rush of all was having no choice about it no matter how humiliating or degrading she found it, and it did feel humiliating and degrading. It wouldn't be anywhere near as exciting if it didn't. That flight or fight adrenaline response, the terror, and the shame. It made her head spin. And thinking about her friends back home seeing or learning about what she'd done intensified that feeling.
Oh my God! I haven't been 'giving the gift' at all! I actually enjoy being treated like this and I'm just using 'giving the gift' to give myself permission to do it! I'm not thinking like an Earth 2 woman at all!
As much as she hated it, she also loved being able to display herself and have men use her. The humiliation of wearing a collar and being ordered around like a trained animal made her heart beat faster. It filled her veins with adrenaline and flooded her brain with dopamine. She was an addict, and she had been one all along, even back when doing all of this terrified her and she felt that she had to do it to fit into this place. Even back at Debutante, the pill 4NR had given her was only partially to blame for her horniness. It was mostly her own mind doing this to her the whole time!
That's why she knew she had to leave now. Not just because of her abhorrence at the thought of the enhancement therapy or out of a sense of duty to return. It was the only way she could ever stop herself behaving like this. She couldn't live like this back home. Here, though, she could get away with it and no one would ever suspect her real motivation. They would just think she was pleased to be 'giving the gift'.
So, what now? Should she try to resist feeling pleasure in this stuff during her last few months here and keep pretending she was thinking like an Earth 2 woman, or throw herself into it and enjoy it while it lasted? Could she actually accept that she loved being a naked fuck-toy and enjoy it, but keep it to herself? A secret fantasy. Was it a bad idea to accept it, knowing that very soon it would be socially unacceptable behaviour once again? Was she living a lie by pretending to be thinking like an Earth 2 woman while secretly she enjoyed being treated like a slut?
Slut. It was such a horrible word. Men who slept around got words like 'player' and 'playboy'. Some even openly admitted to being 'male sluts' but they wore it like a badge of honour. For a woman, it was an insult. It meant there was something wrong with her character. She couldn't control herself. Couldn't say no. It was something to be ashamed of. Why, though? Why was it ok for a man to enjoy promiscuity but not a woman? Why did the idea of being forced into being a slut excite her so much?
Ok, so maybe she was a slut after all? Maybe deep down that was what she wanted, so maybe she should just own it? She'd never fantasised about anything like this before, though. What did it all mean? What did it say about her? Was she sick? Had this always been lurking somewhere in the deepest and darkest recesses of her psyche, or did the experiences of this place cause it? Was it even about being a slut as such, though? No, not really. It was more about being forced to act that way against her nature. Having to submit and do disgusting things that she would never ordinarily do. She was getting a perverse kick out of the humiliation. She both hated it and loved it at the same time.
Oh my God, I'm a masochist! I love the humiliation! I love being forced to behave like a slut!
Was she the only woman like this here or did every woman here secretly harbour these fantasies somewhere down deep, and that's why they liked it so much? Or were they just 'giving the gift' out of a sense of duty and 'honouring the agreement' as Emily had been told? She wasn't from here, though, and that had to be taken into account. Her Earth 1 background almost certainly was behind all this, so she was probably alone in feeling this way here. In that case, should she get help?
Who could she talk to? The Master would probably just put her through more training, which would be kind of pointless now that she was leaving anyway. Madison would probably be supportive and tell her to run with it, but endorsement might not be the right message to hear. There was a possibility that Madison also had similar feelings, having come from a similar background. Probably not, though. She did seem to just enjoy the physical aspects of 'fucking and sucking'. Collingwood might not understand. He'd had enough trouble dealing with the idea that she was doing this stuff at all. Knowing that she was into it on any personal level might possibly upset him all over again.
No, it had to stay her secret. She wouldn't tell anyone. But should she go on behaving the way she had been for the last few months and hope no one noticed that she was actually into it, not just 'giving the gift'? Was that healthy? Or should she try to resist it?
Would going home allow her to escape it and put all this behind her? What if she couldn't resist it anymore, even once she got home? Like an addict, would she start fantasising about it and eventually start down a slippery slope of trying to replicate everything she'd done here? Maybe she could convince Collingwood to play "Earth 2 style" within the privacy of their homes? Could she be satisfied with that, or would she keep trying to push the envelope, taking her kink to nude beaches, S&M scenes, and risky sex in public places? A career and reputation-killing secret that she would dread anyone discovering about her, until inevitably it was discovered one day when she took it too far?
Maybe going home would stop it and she was worrying about nothing? She was living a lifestyle here, not just playing out a scene in a bedroom session. That was the turn-on. Knowing there was no way out. Knowing she could never wear clothes. Knowing it was forbidden to say no to sex or to disobey a command. Even the idea of her genitals being altered excited her. Not having the procedure as such. It was the idea of them changing her appearance against her will that was making her pulse go crazy. She loved being in the trap with no escape.
No, it had to end, and going home was the only way it ever would. It was her only option. She needed to start getting used to the idea that this life was wrong, and soon it would all be over.
*****
That was all fine in theory, but that same night Madison wanted to go for a drink, and Emily found herself scanning the room, wondering who the first man would be to approach and give her a command. Her heart was beating faster.
Oh well, one more night of enjoying it won't hurt... Dammit.
She was an adrenaline junkie, and she knew it now. She didn't want it to stop. She was choosing to give into it, and it felt so good, and here no one was ever going to stop her.
"'Kneel' and 'Open', 7GQA9E."
Ahh, at last!
Emily smiled and got down on her knees in front of the man with her mouth open. She imagined what she looked like totally nude with this man's cock in her mouth, while all around people watched. She felt like such a cheap whore. Well, worse than that. She wasn't charging for this. She was doing it because this man had ordered her to, and she wasn't going to raise a single objection. She was a sex toy. Here for men's pleasure. Here for them to use as they saw fit, and she loved that she wasn't allowed to say no.
She took him deep into her throat, thinking about her nudity in this public place and what she was doing to this stranger, just because he had commanded it of her. She moved her head and swayed her body back and forth to increase her stroke. She could sense his pleasure, and it was all because of her. What had Collingwood called her that evening with the crew when they were all drunk and boorish? A "perfect little trained slut". Yes, that's what she was. The thought made her pulse quicken and she doubled her enthusiasm. Unfortunately, the man didn't last very long, and she felt him pulsating as he ejaculated into her throat moments later.
As he withdrew, he finished with the usual "Thank you, 7GQA9E".
Another satisfied customer. Someone else who found joy in her debasement almost as much as she did.
"Thank you, kind sir," she responded with a smile as she wiped her slutty mouth on the back of her slutty hand.
"You seem different tonight, 7GQ," Madison commented as Emily sat back down and reached for her drink.
"Why, how do you mean?" Emily asked in surprise.
"I'm not sure," Madison replied while looking back with a slight frown. "It kind of looked like you were performing just then. Like you wanted people to watch."
Oh God! Was it that obvious?
"Oh, you know," Emily responded, quickly trying to come up with a convincing lie, "just 'giving the gift' and all that. Trying to do my best."
"Fair enough," Madison replied. "It must be my turn next. You seem to get all of the attention lately. Another drink?"
"Yes please," Emily replied, quickly sipping the last of her remaining drink while silently thanking the Gods that conversation had ended.
Madison returned shortly later with the fresh drinks.
"You're totally digging this now, aren't you, Eminem?" she asked with a knowing smile as she sat back down.
"What's that?" Emily responded, pretending she had no idea what Madison was talking about.
"The fucking and sucking. It's not just about 'giving the gift' anymore, is it? You're totally into it," Madison replied with a cheeky grin.
Emily quickly realised Madison thought it was just about the physical sex instead of the head rush she was getting from the humiliation and degradation.
Ok, let her think that.
"Oh, I dunno. Yeah, it's alright I guess," Emily replied with a coy smile, hoping that would be enough to convince Madison that it was the case.
"Hmm… so there's something else going on with you…" Madison responded with a hint of suspicion behind her smile.
Dammit!
'"4D9Y2Y, can you 'Kneel' and 'Open'?" a man asked as he approached Madison.
Whew! Saved by the horny cock.
Madison gave Emily a wink as she got into position on her knees and prepared to blow the man.
While Madison was giving her gift, Emily felt a little guilty about the partial lie as she turned back to her drink and her thoughts. Back on Earth 1 she had been Captain Emily Birmingham, officer in the space program, feminist, career woman and respected amongst her peers. Here she was 7GQA9E, obedient fuck-toy and permanently naked slut with her genitals out for anyone to see. That wasn't going to go away easily now. She fingered the captain's insignia on her collar. Even if she returned to Earth 1 now, her subordinates had all seen her and taken advantage of her. The damage was done. She would never be able to put this behind her now. It would forever haunt her, both in her mind and in her career. While her crew would be likely to keep their mouths shut officially, it would always be there between them. There would be knowing smiles and lingering stares as she walked by. "Remember her on Earth 2?" they would whisper amongst themselves. "Fucked any man any time and didn't wear a stitch for two years. Shaved her pussy and everything. What a slut."
She would never live this down, and was mortified beyond words about it, but at the same time she loved how this stuff made her feel right now and wished it didn't have to end. At the same time, she was also ashamed of herself that she felt like that. She was even turned on now thinking about them talking about her like that and knew that it would trigger this feeling again when it happened. She couldn't win. Yet she couldn't stop feeling like this. Even watching Madison blow this guy beside her made her wish it was her doing it for the second time tonight. She knew she was a complete tramp in her mind, but here there was no judgement so she could get away with it.
Ok, it was done now, and it was probably going to follow her home. Should she maybe find a way to stay then? Seek asylum maybe? No! It had to stop. She needed to get out of here and back to being sensible, modest, feminist Emily. She needed to feel self-respect again whether she wanted that right now or not. That would start with keeping this part of her a secret and trying not to like it too much until she could go home and put it behind her. Or so she thought.
*****
Two days later she got a call from the Master and found herself standing in front of him in the 'Present' position. The mystery of the IUD still played in the back of her mind, and she wondered if the Watchers might have done it to her while she went through the training here. How, though? Did they have some technology she didn't know about perhaps? Why then? The Agreement promoted fertility, but then she wasn't from this world and maybe they had reasons to stop her from breeding here. Perhaps the Master would let something slip…
"I sense there is still conflict within you, Captain 7GQA9E." he began. "4D9Y2Y says you seem to be experiencing an unusual amount of pleasure in giving the gifts, yet you deny it."
Madison told him!
"It's good to 'give the gift', Master," Emily replied, hoping to sound as casual as possible.
"Indeed, and there is pleasure to be found in that, but for some there is something more. For them, the pleasure is in the act of submission more than in the act of coupling. Do you think you might be in this category?"
"I-I don't know, Master," she replied, feeling uncomfortable with the idea of having to admit her true feelings about it.
"'Sit', 7GQA9E."
Emily got into the squat position with her legs apart and fingers laced behind her neck. The Master stood up and circled around her as he continued speaking.
"Notice you obeyed without question. Here you are revealed to me completely and you cannot hide yourself. Know also, there will be no coupling here today. Here you are only displayed, and your obedience is being tested. Think on it."
Her pulse started to quicken and her face felt flushed. She hoped he wouldn't notice.
"'Kneel', 7GQA9E."
She got into the position as the Master stopped in front of her and looked down at her face.
"Here you are submitting to me completely. You kneel before me with your hands behind your back. If I chose to bind your hands or place clamps on your teats, you would not stop me, even though it would be uncomfortable for you. You know this. Think on this too."
Emily breathed in deeply through her nose, trying to fight just how much this was turning her on.
"'Display', 7GQA9E."
She stood up and turned around, spreading her cheeks and labia towards the Master.
"You are quite visibly aroused. That is obvious," he observed. "And yet you have not been touched. Tell me, what do you feel?"
"Um… I feel a sense of anticipation, Master," Emily answered.
"And yet I have already told you there will be no coupling here today. What is it you anticipate?"
"I-I don't know, Master."
"I think you know what you feel, and it is not anticipation," the Master continued. "You are not giving the gift as much as you are receiving something for yourself. You find excitement in the submission. Do I not speak the truth?"
He almost had it nailed. The only option now was to admit it and perhaps he would have a solution to escape the shame she now felt in knowing that she enjoyed it.
"Not quite, Master," Emily responded. "As you know, I come from a world that is very different to here. Women are clothed and don't obey commands from men. That has made my life here completely terrifying and humiliating, but somehow I've come to experience pleasure whenever I feel that. I also feel shame in knowing I find pleasure in that feeling, and that shame also brings me pleasure. It seems so contradictory and unnatural, and now I feel I am caught in a vicious cycle that I worry I cannot escape, even when I leave and go back to my home planet."
"Hmm….," the Master responded. "Feeling as you do is rare here, but it does occur from time to time. I think it is a thing of beauty, though, and you should not feel shame about it. However, you also feel shame in knowing that you enjoy it, and that also gives you pleasure, and therefore more shame? Such is the cycle you feel you are caught in?"
"Um… yes, Master, "Emily admitted. "The humiliation I feel in having to do things that I normally would not do is something I've come to yearn for because it brings me pleasure. Then I feel shame because I know I enjoy it, which brings me more pleasure, so the cycle is never ending. I feel that it's wrong and I must stop it, but I'm not sure I can now. I can't help the way I feel! I hope that going home will allow me to stop these feelings and put all this behind me, but I'm no longer sure that will be enough. I worry that I will seek out another way to get this feeling, and eventually it will be discovered, and I will be publicly humiliated, and then I will also feel pleasure in seeing my life and reputation ruined. I feel like I am caught in an emotional trap, and I don't know what to do about it! I also worry that I am not giving the gift properly now in the time I have left here."
"Hmm… I think you are still giving the gift," the Master assured her. "It still comes at a cost to you. You have just learned to feel pleasure in paying that cost. Feeling pleasure in the humiliation you feel about giving the gifts can be safely retained. However, the shame you feel in knowing that you enjoy being humiliated is the problem, and that is what we must eliminate to solve the cycle you feel you are caught in. Start by considering that what you have is a rare and beautiful thing. The pleasure you feel in the pain of giving helps make your gifts even more beautiful to receive, as long as you embrace it as a part of who you are. It is only in denying it, or in feeling guilt about it, that you can do yourself harm."
"That may be easier said than done, Master," Emily responded. "I feel trapped and conflicted. I enjoy that it is not my choice. How is that giving? And I feel conflicted that I enjoy it, while at the same time I don't think I should enjoy it. That can't be healthy, can it? And I don't think it's properly serving The Agreement."
"I think the error you are making is regarding this as a defect, or that it makes you less, 7GQA9E," the Master continued. "You must come to accept that it is not wrongful to feel this way. Being sexually submissive is normal and valid for many women, and many men too. Being masochistic on top of that can be just as normal. Better than normal in fact. Start thinking that it makes you more, not less. You are what you are, 7GQA9E. Embrace it. Enjoy it. Once you do, you will see there is no conflict. You are still serving the Agreement, and it does not change who you are. Instead, it is a part of who you are."
"So, you're saying my only issue is that I need to accept that I am like this? What if someone finds out, and it affects my social and professional lives either here or back on my home planet?"
"That is correct," the Master replied. "You need to find acceptance. Then there is no guilt, no matter who discovers this about you. If I can do it, then you can too. I come to you from a position of experience with feeling much the same way, and I do not try to hide it. I know what you are going through, and what you are is ok."
"What are you saying, Master?" Emily queried. "Are you a masochist too?"
"Not in exactly the same way as you but it is similar. I am bonded with a wonderful man, and at my request, he has me revealed as a woman and makes me perform the commands for him. I understand your feelings perfectly. It took some time to accept myself and understand that this part of me does not affect who I am. I am still the Master in every sense. That acceptance is what I want for you too. I want you to embrace this part of you. Do not see it as a defect or a flaw, but rather an enhancement. Do not try to suppress it. Enjoy it for the pleasure it provides, as others will enjoy receiving it from you. You are still giving the gift in every sense, and I am sure you can find a way to enjoy it in privacy back on your home world."
Emily suddenly had visions of the Master in nothing but women's high heels while posing in the 'Sit" and 'Face Down' positions. It almost made her burst out laughing. Yet he had openly confessed this most private part of himself and saw nothing wrong with his behaviour. Perhaps he was right? She just needed to be ok with this part of her and enjoy it for what it was?
"Thank you, Master," Emily responded. "I think I'm starting to understand. So, no matter how or why this started happening to me, I should be ok with it, and accept myself this way? It isn't wrong of me to find pleasure in my own humiliation?"
"That is correct. We can be our own worst enemies at times," he replied. "Live your life, 7GQA9E. Accept who you are. Consider the feelings you have as a blessing, not a curse. Few will ever know the intensity of emotion that you feel when giving the gifts. It makes your gifts even greater, not less. You should feel no guilt about it. Guilt will serve no good purpose even if it was justified, which it is not."
"Thank you, Master. I will try."
"Indeed. Please do come and see me if you continue to struggle."
"I will, thank you, Master," she responded. "There is one more thing. I have not been able to conceive, and I'm worried about it."
"Oh? Are you performing vaginal coupling regularly?" he asked, obviously surprised to hear it.
The Master's response led Emily to believe he was either a really good actor and he didn't want her to know the truth, or someone else put the IUD in her. Who, though? The Military? Collingwood maybe? He was particularly upset by the first pregnancy, so he had motive, but he didn't have access to any means or opportunity to do it as far as she knew. Even if he did, surely he would have just offered it to her rather than do it without her knowledge or consent? He knew full well she didn't want to get pregnant again. No, it didn't add up. It couldn't have been him… Now, where was she? Oh, vaginal coupling. Right.
"I am, Master, yes."
"Most unusual. Have you seen a physician?"
"I have, Master. Unfortunately, they can offer no explanation," she replied.
"Ok, keep me informed and let me know if there is anything I can do to help," he responded.
"I will, Master. Thank you."
"I hear reports that construction of the ships is ahead of schedule, and they should be ready within a few months?" the Master asked, moving on.
"Possibly three or four months, Master, if there are no setbacks."
"The Watchers have agreed for me to join you on your trip back to your home planet. We feel it is in both our interests if we commence establishing a trade agreement between our worlds sooner rather than later."
"As you wish, Master," Emily replied. "I feel you may need to brace yourself for some culture shock, though. The people of my world can appear somewhat warlike and hostile, but they're also greedy and vain so they're generally easy to negotiate with if you keep that in mind."
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. I am sure there are many things about your culture that I should know," the Master replied.
Over the next few months, Emily still struggled with the change in her sexuality, but rather than curse herself for knowing she enjoyed it, she began to try to look forward to it. Still, despite the Master's assurances that she was fine, she desperately hoped that by going home it would all end and she could go back to being the old Emily again.
Regarding the IUD, the Watchers remained highest on her list of suspects so she couldn't rule them out just yet. They were secretive, highly likely to have the means, and had the opportunity during all of those days she spent standing in the window, and they may well have a motive which they weren't willing to reveal to her for some reason. She couldn't rule out anyone else for the time being either. Her investigation would continue.