"Her name is Esperanza," Nurse Violet told Dave and the two watching women, "and she was kind enough to help me finalize our work here today." She walked over to his side and put her hands behind her back, looking with interest as Esperanza ran her hands up and down Dave's spread legs from where she stood between them at the end of the examination table to which he was strapped.
In the last... was it an hour? He couldn't tell. During that time, he'd been fucked by the Nurse with her giant strap on while it pumped water up deep into his guts. He'd had his prostate massaged gently, then increasingly forcefully by the professional as she worked to extract every bit of seminal fluid from him that she could. She'd used electric plugs to force his ass muscles to contract and for him to fuck himself with a butt plug without his volition. She'd even run power straight through his prostate and through a sheath around his penis then directed the last of his fluids into a container with the rest from a partial catheterization.
And now Esperanza stood between his legs, a massive cock hanging from... he looked again, corrected himself.
It wasn't hanging anymore.
Like a python, it was starting to rise. He swallowed again and looked up at its owner. Esperanza smiled back.
"Oh sugar, I know Ms. Violet well, so I know you're ready to take this. Don't worry baby, it's going to be alright." She continued to run her hands slowly up and down the inside of his thighs, occasionally venturing past his raised knees then back again. The big penis was now aimed directly at his face and he watched, fascinated, as it bounced a little up and down with her pulse.
She smiled kindly at him. "It's a shame you've got that gag in, hun, I'd like to see those lips around my..." She shrugged elaborately, continued. "Well, I suppose that's for another day. Maybe you can come visit me sometime. Today, we've got a job ahead of us." She looked over at Nurse Violet, a question in her eyes. She nodded back.
"I've got it over here." She walked over to the counter where she'd last set the little glass bowl into which she'd directed all of his extracted prostate fluids and cum so far. She picked it up, gave it a quick look, then handed it over to the newcomer.
One of the two women from outside who Nurse Violet had invited in to watch his experience whispered something to the other, who shrugged. Esperanza must have heard her, because she answered.
"Oh buttercup, it's not going there, but I like your imagination." She glanced back at Dave. "I don't think he'd be able to get that in his mouth without spilling, do you? Not with that big old gag in it." She smiled again and the two women covered their mouths. What had they...
"No," Esperanza told them, looking at Dave while she spoke to them, "I'm not going to make him swallow it. But..." She touched a finger into the goo and rubbed it against her thumb, "most of it will be going back into him." She scooped a little more out and began to spread it onto the head of her big cock.
Dave's eyes got big. Of course, he had guessed what was coming, but...
She set the little bowl aside, carefully, then reached down. He could feel the butt plug in his ass, the one that had just been used to shock his insides and even, through muscle contractions, for him to fuck himself without even trying. He could also feel it moving as she secured a grip before beginning to slowly pull it out. He closed his eyes and took deep breaths.
"There there, hon, you're doing fine." It got to the widest part and then, with one more tug, slipped past and then came out quickly. The newcomer handled it deftly and set it down on a shelf below his ass and out of the way.
With that free, she placed both palms on the inside of this thigh and pressed firmly while sliding them up to his knees and back. She stretched as she did it. "Ooooh, I love this next part. I know that ass got a workout tonight, but I do enjoy my part in helping out with the good work here." She looked back at the two women. "Oh, you poor things, let's get you a better view here. The good nurse has a flair for the dramatic which I appreciate, but now that I'm here, would you mind if I moved the table back in place?" She directed the last part at Nurse Violet who tilted her head and gestured assent with one hand. Esperanza thanked her and, pressing whatever lever the Nurse had earlier, freed the table to rotate. She gave it a little push and slowly turned it back to where it had been before, locking it in place.
He looked down to see her dick was now standing out straight. He could tell it was hard and he knew what was coming next. Sure enough, she reached over to get a dollop of the cum fluid mix that had been milked out of him tonight and spread it around the head. She got a little more and smeared it down the shaft a little.
"Oh baby, are you ready for this?"
He couldn't move and he didn't know what to say. He croaked out a little sound and she must have taken that as a yes because she smiled big then guided her tool up to his ass. She rested it against the abused ring. It was warm, he could feel it resting and pulsing there. Then, he could feel it beginning to push a little, then a little more.
"Sug, you're gonna need to relax a little or this is going to hurt." He looked up at her intent expression. She spoke calmly and firmly as she held his hips and continued her pressure. "This _is_ going inside you, baby, so take a deep breath and let it out."
He breathed in deeply and as he began to breath out, she pushed a little and the head of her cock slid past the tight ring of his sphincter.
"Ooooh, that's more like it," she sighed, then continued to push and push. Inch by inch, that python slid its way up into him. He closed his eyes and reveled at the sensation. She was stuffing him so full, it was amazing. The head of her penis slowly worked its way past his prostate and he moaned a little at the sensation.
"You like that? Oh that's good, I like it too." With that, she gave another hip thrust and suddenly the rest of that giant dick sank up into his guts and rested there. He could feel her testicles touching his ass cheeks. Opening his eyes, he found himself face to face with the woman. She had leaned in close to him and her face was just inches away.
"Do you like the feel of me deep inside you, honey?" She murmured. He managed a nod, and she smiled. "Oh, I thought you might." She leaned closer and touched her lips to his. Then she pushed again with her hips and sank another half inch into him somehow until she was pushed up against him tightly. She tasted his lips as he sat there in a daze, mouth lolling open. "Oh, that's nice. You're nice and tight for me, sweety, did you know that?" She pulled back a few inches as she spoke, then finished the sentence with another thrust. He grunted.
She stood back up, pulling out until just the head of her dick was inside him, then gripped his waist and thrust again. Again, he grunted and his own penis smacked against his stomach.
She pulled out, thrust again, holding her hip tightly against his ass cheeks with her member buried as deeply as it would go inside of him. He wiggled under her and moaned. She ran her hands over his chest, teasing his nipples. When he moaned, she smiled again and lay one hand on his side near the bottom of his rib cage which sent a shiver through him and then with the other hand, reached up and very carefully, very deliberately gripped the nipple on his other side between her thumb and forefinger and applied steady pressure.
He groaned at this and squeezed his pelvic floor muscles, both smacking the head of his own cock against his stomach again and tightening his ass' grip on her dick. She made her own appreciative noise at that.
"Oh honey, that's nice," she said in that low voice, then pulled her hips back a little before thrusting back into him. He groaned. She immediately pulled back, a little further this time, then thrust in again steadily.
Over the next few strokes, she pulled out a little more before pushing back into him, each time the thick, swollen head over her cock rubbing against his prostate on the way in. Even though he'd been milked dry, each time she hit it his dick swelled again and he groaned.
Slowly, she began to speed up, pulling out then shoving it back in just a little harder each time.
*thrust*
*thrust*
*thrust*
Pinned beneath her, Dave squirmed around her thrusting dick. Faster and faster, she thrust again and again, her hip smacking into his ass on each stroke then reversing and thrusting into him again.
He heard a giggle and looked over to two outsiders watching his debasement as he was fucked by this tall, athletic woman. One held her hand over her mouth while the other peered a little closer. He realized she was watching that spot where Esperanza was driving into him, must be seeing his ass wrapped around that big muscular snake pushing up into his insides. The intimacy of this violation drove a spike into him and he groaned in anguish but his own cock, somehow, felt even harder than before.
The woman fucking him pushed deep into him and held her hip up against his ass. She reached down and gently wrapped a hand around his dick. "Oh sweety, you like this, don't you?"
He made a sound she took for assent.
"Oh, that's good, because I don't know how much more of this I can take before I'm ready to fill you up. Let's make one little change, why don't we?" She looked over at the owner of the shop. "Would you help me out here?"
"But of course, my dear," Nurse Violet replied, stepping in. She undid the straps holding his ankles to the table then reached down to pull manipulate something underneath. There was a click. "There you go," she spoke, and to Dave's surprise, Esperanza slid both her arms under his knees and _lifted_, lifted his legs up together! Still connected at the hip, Dave bent in half like a pretzel as she lifted her legs up and... leaning in, set them on her shoulders.
A moment later, he felt something wrap around one of his ankles and then the other before they were cinched a little together. The nurse, he realized, had strapped them to each other behind Esperanza's head.
"Now baby, I'm going to need a little help from you. Can you keep those knees together a little? We've got a little height disparity here and I don't want you slipping off to the side of anything."
He nodded, still unable to answer through the hollow gag in his mouth.
"Good, good. Then it's time for us to finish, honey, and I've been looking forward to this since I first saw you earlier outside my window." Pulling her hips back, she pulled out most of the way and then slammed back into him, harder than before. The new angle meant her cockhead hit his aching prostate harder than before and he groaned anew but barely had time to catch his breath before she'd finished reversing and jammed her dick back into him again.
Again and again, she thrust, and this time it was harder and faster than before. His legs up in the air, he felt incredibly vulnerable. The two women watching made that even worse and he closed his eyes as she pounded him in earnest, her hips now smacking loudly against his ass cheeks on every thrust.
*smack*
*smack*
*smack*
She braced herself and started thrusting even harder and harder, obviously nearing a climax. He groaned and writhed under the assault, feeling each impact through his whole frame.
*thrust smack*
*thrust smack*
*thrust smack*
"Let's do this, baby, let's do this together!" Esperanza called out, her voice tight. He twitched with shock as she wrapped one of those giant hands around his dick, the hand wet with the last of the milked cum and prostate fluid that had been forced out of him. She began to firmly jack him off, sliding her hand up and down his rock hard shaft in tune with the pounding she was giving him.
Something in his brain short-circuited and he yelled wordlessly through the gag and started cumming hard, but it was a dry cum. His dick tensed and jerked under the hard stroking but nothing came out. The squeezing muscles must have driven Esperanza over the edge because moments later, she slammed her dick deep into his clutching ass and began to unload ropes of cum into him.
"Just like that, just like that! Ooooh!" He grunted and his own dry orgasm continued as he could feel her painting his insides. Together, the two came and came for the next few moments, his ass milking her cock as it spurted deeply into him.
Finally, she let go of him and set both hands on the table next to him so she could lean over him. Panting with breath at the exertion, she hovered over his face, looking into his unfocussed eyes, then leaned in and kissed his forehead.
"Oh sweety, that was nice." She straightened back up and carefully pulled backwards, her dick sliding out of his well-used ass until it popped out. He could feel a little trail of her cum dripping out of his well-used hole.
She reached behind her head and, a moment later, he felt the strap come off. Carefully, she lowered his legs back to where they'd been before and left them there.
As she stepped away to grab a towel, he blearily glanced over at the two women. The one who had covered her mouth, the one who'd gone and brought the message to Esperanza, she was now trying to quietly rub herself, obviously aroused at the sight. The first woman, the one with whom he'd originally made eye contact, she had a satisfied smile on her face and was looking down at his dick. "He really was milked dry, that's amazing," she said.
"I take pride in my work," Nurse Violet replied. "Let's give a hand to Miss Esperanza for her help here. Nicely done as always, my dear." The tall woman was already half-dressed and looked up with a gentle smile.
"My pleasure as always, thank you for the call. I like this one," she said, motioning towards Dave, "his ass is nice and tight and he makes the most beautiful noises."
Dave blushed at this, embarrassed again but not able to explain why.
"But that one..." Esperanza pointed at the woman with whom Dave had first made eye contact, "I think she has the spark. Did you see her eyes?"
The woman in question stared back, surprised, a question on her face. Nurse Violet answered before she could say anything. "I saw it. I have some ideas for her, but we'll talk afterwards."
Esperanza finished and collected her things. Dave desperately wanted to say something to her, to thank her, but he couldn't through the gag. He tried still and the tall woman set her hand over his mouth gently.
"There there, baby, it was good for me too. I hope I'll see more of you sometime." With a nod to the two watchers and a final farewell to Nurse Violet, she slid out the door and a moment later, it was just the four of them again.
Dave lay there, even more spent and exhausted than he'd been before. He stared up at the ceiling, his mind spinning as the nurse spoke with the two women about something, he felt like he was floating. The night had been a rollercoaster and any limits he'd entered thinking he had had been pushed to the breaking point and beyond. He knew he'd had the means to stop things at anytime, though, and hadn't, so as he sat there, he wondered what other limits in life he might have had that were holding him back. Heady thoughts.
With a start, he felt a strap go back onto his ankle and almost dropped the squishy safe-word totem the Nurse had put in his hands when she'd inserted the gag. He looked down in time to see the other ankle get the same treatment and he tried to ask what was going on, but the words couldn't escape the gag in his mouth, just unformed vocal sounds.
Without any fuss, she reached over and gave his testicles a little swat.
"You were doing so well, but I shouldn't have to keep reminding you. You've not been asked a question."
In spite of himself, he tried again, and this time she called the second woman over. "Dear, if you're comfortable with it, just give them a little squeeze." The shy woman tentatively reached out and he tried to apologize for speaking without permission but of course that just made things worse. The woman, following Nurse Violet's instructions, reached down and gripped his testicles. Looking up, she got a nod from the nurse, and then he saw stars as she firmly squeezed. He shouted wordlessly at the brief squeeze and the woman flinched, releasing him. She looked over at Nurse Violet, embarrassed, but the other woman smiled and nodded. "That was perfect. Now let's see if the lesson stuck that time."
Dave took the hint and held his curiosity in check, he'd understand what was happening sooner or later. He heard a noise and looked over to the side just in time to see the first woman, the one who'd first caught his eye, pulling a thick-looking smooth, forearm length glove onto her arm.
She looked over at Nurse Violet inquiringly and the nurse nodded with approval. "That's perfect. Now come over here and we'll get started."
Dave stared, eyes wide in confused terror as the woman walked up to him. The nurse saw his look and tsked. "We can't just let you go out with all that semen up there. It might stain your clothes." She saw his wide eyes dart back and forth between her and the woman and nodded with sudden understanding.
"Oh, I think I understand." She bent in close. "You did understand that this is a teaching clinic, didn't you?"
Dave's eyes widened even more as he looked over at the woman wiggling her fingers and getting a feel for the glove.
Nurse Violet laughed, then made space for the woman.
"Let's get started with out wrap-up."