For three days Candi Palmer waited on her Husband to e-mail her back after the sensitive video's she had forwarded to him concerning her and his Father. The more days that passed the more difficult it was for her to concentrate. She expected the worst. This time she had gone too far she suspected. Damian's temper would flare and come down hard on her and his family.
Come noon she was just finished washing her dishes when she strolled aimlessly into her dining room. A shrill ping from her laptop made her pale. Could it be Damian's reply? She rushed to her seat and opened up her mail. It was indeed from Damian. What was encouraging was that there was another mail from him that was a card with cyber Rose's. A love you card. His own words showed her just how much he adored her. After smiling at the soft words she opened the e-mail.
The e-mail stunned her.
"You're such a fucking Whore!! How dare you do all of that to my own Father?" He went on and on with bitter words that ended with loud lettering..."AND FURTHER MORE!!...
A long blank gap made her keep pulling the page down. She wanted to cry. Then the rest came into view...JUST KIDDING! I loved the video's. I only wanted to make you sweat and think I was pissed at you. I'm not! It was difficult to picture mind you but after I thought about it the more it turned me on. So again, I'm sorry Candi. What you did was remarkably BOLD and I couldn't be prouder of you."
"At the very end of that last video you looked right at Me and said You would do anything I asked of you. I'm going to keep asking things of you, believing in your words. I expect them to happen. I know you Miss me and I'm trying my best to keep you busy to keep your mind off of my loss. Good news though, I'm going to get a 2 week Leave to come home in three months to see my family. We can fuck like minks in heat all that time. How does that sound?"
Her right hand reaches up to disguise her excitement and tears. He was coming home. Three months was such a long time though, she stressed silently. She continued her reading with trembling limbs.
"I thought that might make you happy! I hope you liked the flowers and card I sent. I have more surprises up my sleeve. Until then I want you to keep me turned on. Utilize Kevin and Dad when you can but don't solely depend on them. Think wisely and discover other possibilities. I trust your judgment."
"I had this crazy idea that you should see if you could get away with something at the Fitness Center. Maybe talk to your bosses son, Mark. He and I went to High School together. Tell him that you want to shock me with something really kinky. After hours or during. Bolder the better."
"That Strip Club video was sizzling! I think you were born to be on that stage. If you ever get the chance to go back there do so and try to outdo yourself. Just take Dad with you to keep you protected. St. Louis isn't safe to be going there by yourself."
"Speaking of Dad, i got an e-mail from him too. He feels bad about what he did. I told him I was okay with what happened. I told him he could help you in the future just to try and behave himself. I must admit, I was caught off guard finding out what you and he did. Same for you and Kevin. Some people might find me sick letting my family do things with my wife but I'm strangely okay with it. I'm not going to tell you to keep doing things with Dad and Kev. I'll leave that decision up to you. All I "WILL" stress is I expect you to get bolder and Bolder. Do I make myself clear you sexy Vixen?"
She giggles at his nickname for her then salutes the laptop, "Sir! Yes Sir!" before finishing the letter.
She looked at her Grandfather clock along the Dining Room wall noting it was nearing time to go to work on the night shift at the Fitness Center. She pondered what she could do there that would manage to not get her fired. In the meantime she decided to type a fast reply, "Thank you for not being mad at Me or Joe. It means so much to me that what I do for you is appreciated. The more you allow the more I can plan. I must tell you though that it scares the hell out of me to ever let anybody but you fuck me. I've always prided myself on being totally faithful to you. I'm not agreeing to sex with anyone but I'll consider going as close as possible. Heck, I already have. That Pizza guy was very, very close to penetration. I'll see what I can do at work tonight. I don't have access to a video camera though without Dad and Roger, Kevin's friend. I'll think of something. I have to get ready. If Mark's there I'll run it by him for input. In the meantime don't go blind watching my videos. LOL. Love you My Handsome Soldier. Bye for now, Candi Kisses!"
Her index finger taps send and she shuts down her laptop plugging it in for a later charge. She then gets up and heads upstairs to her bedroom. She sifts through her wardrobe and realizes that she never dressed provocatively at work like her other female co-worker. There was only one other. And, she was on borrowed time for calling off work as much as she had.
The Fitness Center was only six blocks across town on the outskirts. Nothing was around the Center but fields. That, she thought might give her an edge. She would examine her situation more later. For now she decided to try on various outfits to find something that might change everyone's opinion of her frumpy nature. She knew she was beautiful but she was raised to be grounded by her Mom. God bless her soul.
She looked over the pink latex jump suit that she brought home from the Adult store in St. Louis then disrobed to try in on. It was skin tight on her and her nipples easily stabbed through for a dramatic effect. However she found that aspect a little too obvious and decided on a red bra underneath the suit to muffle her areolas. It helped some but hardly all the way.
Looking at her ass she also found that it clung to her every curve and crack. With a pucker she found a pair of white cotton gym shorts that she pulled up over the jumpsuit. Much better she thought. They fit snugger with the suit under them than they would have alone. The Jumpsuit had zippers around the sleeves which she removed making it a sleeveless feature. However the red bra now shown through on the sides. Sheer material accented her flesh beneath. Over her bare feet she put on ankle socks with ruffles and finished off with her ratty tennis shoes.
Finally she brushed out her long flowing blond hair and left it alone. Normally she would wear it pinned back. Not today. She puckered at herself in the mirror. "You stunning Bitch!"
A brisk fifteen minute walk later she opened up the glass door to the gym. Entering she halted in her step to look out into the Parking Lot. Only 7 cars. One of them was Mark's sports car. He was here.
Lower lip bitten she walks through the lobby and into the gym area. She noticed that four of the cars belonged to what the gym called, "The Four Horsemen!" They were dedicated Bodybuilders that rippled with tense builds.
"Clarence", the tall black giant. "Reese", the white stallion. "Dave, the freckled Beast. And, finally "Sam, the Romantic". Named for his long hair that reminded people of the Romance Novel model, "Fabio".
Among them were two older men on Cardio bikes and a woman far too out of shape to be here much longer. She had to walk past all of them to reach Mark's office. In doing so she heard the Four Horsemen straining and clanging their barbells into place. She eyed each of them as she drifted through. Each of them caught scent of her perfume and noticed her more than usual. This made her smile and wave to each of them individually.
She stopped to talk with Reese whom had to whistle at her, "What happened to you? Finally realize what kind of potential you have?"
Candi wrinkled her nose, "Whatever do you mean? These old things? I threw out my old sweats. Time for an update."
Behind her Clarence chuckled, "I have your date right here and he was UP the second you entered the building."
She twisted around to note his crotch, "Nope! No steroid use there." She winked at him. He knew she meant how steroids shriveled up a man's penis. He had to chuckle.
"I'll be back through in a few. Need to talk with Mark before he leaves. Keep pumping Guys!"
With that Sam chimed in with, "Anytime you want, Beautiful."
She smirked at him, "Wow! Suddenly, everyone discovers I'm alive. Hold that thought, Samson."
A swift grip to his crotch he exhaled, "Holding it until you get back."
She smiles vibrantly winking at them before continuing past the showers and hot tub. Once beyond that she found the office where the co-owner of the gym sat doing the books. She leaned against the threshold of his door and cleared her throat, "Got a minute, Mark?"
"Mark Sterling" looked up and removed his glasses to leer at Candi, "Sure! What's up?" Mark was a buff but hardly muscle bound man the same age as her husband Damian. With dark hair he stood at 6'1. He immediately noticed her attire but refrained from saying anything.
Candi moved closer and hopped up to sit on his desk facing his right profile. "I have something I need to talk to you about and it's really awkward. I need you to keep an open mind okay?"
He puckered and nodded, piqued by curiosity.
Waving her to continue he pushes back in his swivel chair and props his arms behind his head. She continued cautiously, "I need you to blame Damian for what I'm going to ask. It was his suggestion I approach you with this."
"What's ole "D", want now?" He frowns knowing his old classmate fairly well.
She rubs her palms together cringing in a squeaky mouse like expression. "Okay! Here goes. For the last month I've been sending him risqué video's of me. Every day nearly. He expresses more and more of me and I really love coming through for him. He's coaxing me to do something here at the Center. After hours maybe? During if I don't get caught?"
Mark's brow creases, "You? Come on! Until now this is the only time I have ever seen you as anything other than a geeky employee. Now look at you all dressed up like you're auditioning for a Flashdance."
She laughs with him then offers, "I'm serious, Mark. I'm not sure yet what I want to do here but if I could have access to the place for awhile it would make Damian's week."
Mark scowls, "My Dad's off in Aruba on vacation. I have a lot on my back right now. Payroll, ordering supplies, replacing a treadmill. Lack of employees. "Kelly" just quit today. I was ready to fire her anyway. That only leaves you and Rodney. And, Rodney's new so I'm not certain of his dependability."
She stops him with an extended finger, "Give me free reign to do what I want here and not let anybody see that could get you into trouble. In doing so, I'll work 12 hour days all week long and you can pay me the usual 30 hours pay."
Again he frowns, "And, just what do you have planned?"
Candi grits her teeth, "Video of me naked on the equipment. Showering. Hot tub maybe? Whatever I can think of."
He chokes up lightly, "Naked? Uh-huh!"
She smirks at Mark just before she unzips her jumpsuit down to her navel revealing her massive cleavage. He couldn't help but look. "Only the beginning, Mark. Come on do this for Damian."
He hisses and looks away trying not to put too much into her youth. She jumps in with, "Your Dad's out of town, so it's perfect timing right? He can't come walking in if only you have the keys."
"And, just who would be involved in this with you? Who uses the camera? And, do I get a copy?"
This caught her off guard, "I'll let you see it afterwards. Once I mail it to Damian you can erase it so the only proof goes to Iraq. I swear I won't get you into trouble."
He stands up to stretch and leans over her, mere inches from her face. She could feel his breath on her chin. Eye to eye, she shrinks at his glare, then bats her lashes, "Please, Mark." He continues to stare at her when she giggles and reaches over to kiss his nose.
That broke his intimidating glare as he stood erect and rubbed the wetness off his nose. Looking away he grimaces, "You don't have to work 12 hours. I'll manage. If I let you do this you're going to owe me HUGE!"
She kicks her feet wildly trying not to hit his shins and shivers in delight. "Thank you, Mark! I'll make it up to you somehow. Seriously, if you need me extra hours don't hesitate to ask."
He nods then looks out through the one way glass window facing the gym, "I video this. We use my computer to download it, and I send it to Damian myself on your behalf. I'm not letting this go beyond this building except Damian. Agreed?"
"Absolutely! Can I do whatever I think Damian might want to see?"
Mark scowls in response, "What exactly are you talking about?"
"Other men touching me? Maybe tie me up to the weight benches? I'm fairly open to suggestions. How about showering with other men? Hot tub with others? Me in the Lobby acting like I'm working in the nude? What do you think?"
He rubs his chin and eyes her, "You're the wife of one of my best Buddies. That's asking a lot. I don't want him to come home and go Sniper on me."
She frowns, "Trust me! He won't. I can even show you the e-mail where he suggests I approach you. Edited of course. I have things I can't let even you in on. Sorry!"
"Okay! Now who are these other men?"
She again cringes biting her lower lip, "I'm thinking the Four Horsemen out there. I bet I can persuade them. If you can deal with them knowing."
He scratches the back of his scalp then sighs, "You do the arranging. You have tonight and only tonight. My fiancée can't find out. I'm sure Dave out there might have the same reservations. So it's all on you, Candi."
She leaps up in front of him glaring mischievously up into his eyes as she zips up, "I'll just go clock in and get to work now. Don't change your mind!"
He shakes his head and watches her leave. He then sat back down in his seat and gripped his creased jeans. He hadn't thought of her in any sexual fashion until today. She was a whole new persona he thought. He wouldn't change his mind.
Candi moved back through the gym toward the Horsemen and stopped. "Okay! I have a problem and I need help. Any of you big strong men willing to help tiny lil ole Candace?"
All four stopped their workouts to wipe their sweaty brows to listen to her. She then lifted a finger up, "Hold on!"
She noted the two older men and the woman gathering their things. Watching them for a few minutes to see that they had gone she drew back her attention.
"Okay! Who wants to tie me up naked to the barbells and rub sweaty looking oil all over me?"
Each of them chuckled, all of them not taking her seriously. Finally, as she noted their disbelief she unzips her jumpsuit and pulls her arms out to let the top half dangle to her waistband. She stood only in her sheer red bra. They each grew quiet except for Clarence who went, "Daaaaammmmmn!"
She turned a complete circle making certain they all had a good view of her nipples. Then, she pulled her jumpsuit back on, zipping up. "Serious enough for you? Now that I have your attention I need the four of you to help me make a video for my Husband. As you know he's stationed in Iraq. I've been making him really Bold videos on request. He does know I'm doing this. So does Mark. I have his permission for tonight only to make this video. I can swear to you that none of this leaves this Center. Well, except the video I'm letting Mark send to Damian then erase. You can all witness him doing it."
There looms a deadly silence until Clarence opens up with "I'm in!"
She claps her hands and bounces up and down. In doing so her tits jiggle dramatically, helping the others form their opinions.
Dave stutters lightly, "I know you're married. He may be fine by this but I don't think my Girlfriend would be."
Candi holds a finger up, "Please don't back out yet. We can all be sworn to secrecy here. Mark has just as much to lose. More if his Dad finds out. So everybody SHUSH!"
Still Dave shakes his head but doesn't say no.
Sam shrugs at first looking toward Reese for his response.
Reese puckers up, "So it's just you naked?"
She stares at him for a moment then opens up, "I'm fine if you want to join me. You and I can take a shower together. I'll suds up every inch of you." His eyes widen then swivels his head left to right.
Reese then adds, "Is that all?"
She then looks over each of their expressions noting their curiosity. She knew she would need incentive. With a hesitant smile she nods, "Nobody leaves here tonight without their cum on my body. You can lick and touch every inch of me. I'll do the same to you if you agree."
Sam wanted to agree but was waiting on the others. Finally, Clarence had to ask, "You fucking us?" He knew everyone wanted to know.
She took a deep breath and did her best not to dissuade them. "I'm afraid to go that far. Damian might not want me to. I'll agree to fake it if you guys can handle that much."
They all shook their heads disappointed by the response. This made her want to cry. She thought she had them.
"Come on guys. I'll suck your dicks and give you hand jobs. You can cum all over my face if you want. I just don't want Damian to hate me for going too far."
Clarence looked to the others and called them into a huddle. Once gathered Clarence suggested, "If the video gets erased we can play along then get her into a position she can't get out of. I say we fuck her anyway."
Sam adds, "Fun as that sounds what about Mark? He's not going to let that happen."
Clarence winks at him, "I say we get Mark out of here tonight. Then it's just us. She wants this too badly to stop even without Mark here."
"How?" adds Sam.
In reply Reese offers, "That's rape, guys! If we do this lets just have fun and help her out. Look at what she's offering. It's better than nothing. I'll agree as long as there's no rape."
"So we keep Mark?" questioned Dave.
They all agree even though Clarence knew he wanted more. Breaking huddle they turn around. Clarence takes point, "Aight! we're in. We can fake it if you want. Our one condition is that you can't cry wolf. Once we start this there's no turning back. Even if we handle you a lil rough at times. You want this to look good for your Ole Man. Then let's do this right."
Candi jumps up and down yet again squealing, "Thank you! So much!"
Hearing her shrill voice Mark joined them in the gym, "I presume you guys agreed to this?"
A thumbs up all around made their pact.
Mark turns to Candi, "Work!"
She grits her teeth and bounces away letting them watch her wiggle off. Once out of ear range Mark pulls the Four Horsemen aside, " Just so you guys know I got an e-mail from her Husband two days ago. He told me to see to it she gets fucked hard. So, if any of you want out, don't show up. I told Damian I would see to it. He would take care of the situation after."
The Horsemen all grinned, "Hell Yeah!"
The hours whisked by at the Center as closing time of 10:00 PM crept up on Candi fast. She manned the front counter the last hour eying the clock with nerves driving her wet. As the last customer left Mark drove up. He walked in with his camcorder in hand shining it toward her. She smiled brightly as he saw car lights shine behind him which distracted them both. Sam and Dave drove together followed by Clarence and then finally Reese in his Jeep.
Once all congregated inside Mark locked the front door and dimmed the Lobby lights. He then turned to Candi. "Your show! Strip!"
She stepped out from behind the counter and moved right into their circle swallowing hard. Mark lifted the camcorder and started filming.
"Why don't the four of you strip me?"
A swift thought Clarence picked her up by her armpits and held her suspended in the air three feet off the ground. Dangling Sam reached in and removed her shoes. Reese then stopped him, "Leave the socks on they're sexy."
Dave then yanked her gym shorts off of her jumpsuit and threw them aside. Clarence then passed her off to Sam so that she was now faced the intimidating Black man. Clarence grinned brightly then unzipped her jumpsuit down to her pubic hair. Smirks all around Sam sit her feet on the floor as he pulled the jumpsuit off of her shoulders and down to her ass crack. He then lifted her once again while Reese gripped the jumpsuit to pull it the rest of the way off.
Clarence then lifted her legs up to level her out so they could hoist her up over their head. Once in the air Dave leaned under and unfastened her bra. Easily maneuvered they discarded the bra behind them. This left her in a G-string.
Clarence switched her legs off to Reese before reaching into his pocket to pull out a switchblade knife. Her heartbeat jumped as she heard it flash open and saw it shining in the lowered lights. He then forced her still and severed the strings of her thong before ripping it off. She began shivering and shooting a glance toward the filming Mark. He winked at her, "Don't look at me. You wanted this."
Clarence then reclaimed her legs by the ankles and spread them wide over his approaching shoulders until he buried his tongue inside her pussy. She immediately began moaning.
Sam then raised her upper body straight up until Clarence had her all in his grasp. He guided her high over his head until she touched the ceiling as he did tongue push-ups into her pussy. She squirmed and swiftly began juicing up his cheeks. "Oh my God! That feels awesome! Don't stop!"
For long minutes he tongue fucked her pussy before leaning forward with her to dangle her backwards. Clarence continued feasting as Sam dropped his shorts and wiggled his 6 inch cock in front of Candi's upside down mouth. She lapped her tongue around the crown just before Sam reached down and clenched her cheeks forcing her mouth wide. He then rammed his cock down her throat forcing her to take it. She gagged and vomited at it's girth but he continued face fucking her.
Reese and Dave knelt down and squeezed her tit's biting and tugging at her nipples between their teeth. At the same time their hands roamed her flesh.
Mark grinned at the footage he was taking with the camcorder and zoomed in and out as much as possible. He knew this night would take its toll on this young woman. She had no clue that her Husband had been in contact with Mark and set the stage for this. She could be devastated.
After long minutes of fucking her face Sam pulled out and let her spit up on the floor. Mark then glared down, "You're mopping that up before we open in the morning."
She in response could only look at him at an angle with upset eyes.
Clarence gripped her spine and pulled her back up to wrap her socked feet around his hips. She clung to his shoulders like a child, still choking. With her He limply carried her back into the weight room and stopped at a weight bench. Clarence then laid her back on to the bench while Reese watched her head as it passed under the barbell handle. Once laying on her own Sam and Dave grabbed her hands and pulled her wrists up to the barbell where they used shoe strings to tie her hands to the bar with a wide separation.
She worried about her predicament as Mark stood over them filming downward from another bench he stood up on. She gasped and spoke up, "The strings are tight. They hurt my wrists."
Nobody even replied or took the time to loosen them. Instead Clarence stood erect and disrobed dangling his 8 inch black monster over her.
Candi's eyes bulged at the sight as he straddled the foot of the bench. He grabbed both of her ankles and held them dramatically as he twitched his chest muscles. He then rolled his cock directly over her pussy letting her feel it's length and girth before he palmed his cock slapping her clit hard multiple times. She let out a deep squeal and looked up at him with desperate eyes. "Please! Clarence honor my request. For Damian's sake."
Clarence merely sneered at her, "Do you think we care what Damian wants? Or, what you want." Her eyes immediately burst into tears as Clarence placed his cock up to her vagina and eased it deep into her.
Mark captured her quaking body and facial emotion as she gasped at the penetration. Her lips clenched together as Clarence began thrusting harder and harder into her. She began screaming for him to stop but that wasn't in the cards. She gazed directly at Mark with hatred as he winked down at her from his pedestal bench. He called down to her, "Tell Damian how your first big black cock feels."
As soon as his words finished Clarence glared back blurting, "My Manaconda!"
She bawled like a baby until Clarence became a ball of sweat and pulled out of her just in time to pepper her belly with a stream of cum. He circled his neck and yelled out, "Now that's what I'm talkin' bout! That there pussy's tight." He glares back at the camera and retorts, "See what you're missing Damian? I didn't miss that hole! I'll be going back in for more!"
He stands up and moves aside as Sam steps over her stomach. His back turned to her he grips her upper legs to pull her hips up. Her legs forced behind her head while over his own hips hurt. It was necessary so that he could straddle her just right to fuck her pussy backwards. This give him the perfect downward angle.
The sensations drove Candi crazy. Her face turned beet red and she held her breath trying not to cum over his actions. That of course was impossible. She gushed all around Sam's cock.
Mark zoomed in on the effect and admired it.
Once Sam stopped he pulled out and repositioned her legs. Stepping off to face her this time he claimed her missionary style before re-entering her pussy. Five more minutes he fucked her flailing body until he barely made it out to shoot a spray over her tits.
Reese and Dave noted her tears stopping in favor of an expression of enjoyment now that she had cum herself. With that notification Dave knelt down and gripped her chin to force eye contact. "I'm going to untie you now. If you fight us in any way it's going to get very rough. Do I make myself clear?"
She nods without a word as Dave and Reese untether her wrists to let them drop lifelessly. Reese then picked her body weight up so that he could lay down on the bench. He then guided her to crawl up on him as he slid his hand beneath her thighs to line his 7 inch cock up to her hole. Once penetrated he began thrusting upwards while wrapping his arms around her back. Pulling her tits to crush against his chest he slid one hand up to force her skull to lower and make her kiss him. She did without so much as a resistance. She kissed him with a noted sense of sudden passion.
While they were immersed in their frolicking Dave moved behind her and eyed her anal cavity. With a grin to the others he dribbled a stream of spit on it before angling the crown of his cock up to her. Carefully he eased his cock into her ass.
It had been over a year since she had experienced anal activity. The pain was awful at first and her misery carried over to Reese's mouth as they kissed. With a growing speed both men deep penetrated her for a rough ten minutes. They cum almost at the same moment. Both inside her at the same time made her kiss with Reese part.
She screamed out loudly, "I'M SORRY DAMIANNNNNNN!"
Her biggest fear became the immediate fact that she might get pregnant. However the situation unknown to her was that Reese had undergone a vasectomy. There was no worry.
Having enough Dave lifted off of her ass and stood up watching as his cum trickled down to pool up on Reese's balls. Dave grit his teeth and hoped nobody would say anything.
Clarence and Sam then peeled her off of Reese allowing him to get up and stretch.
Guiding her from the bench they made their way into the back toward the hot tub. Clarence held her tightly by the base of her neck. Forcing her to step into the bubbling hot water they took turns climbing down into the surge with her.
She cringed slightly as they surrounded her on all sides. She covered her chest for no reason other than being somewhat guarded after the evening's unexpected distrust. She had come to a point in her mind that dried up any tears. Acceptance of her situation was setting in. There was nobody to stop anything she knew. Mark had a look of no concern.
The Four Horsemen had gotten what they wanted. She should have known better than to believe these giants would be gentle once she coaxed them into this. Her judgment fell the wayside that this would be as simple as her video's were with her Brother-in-Law Kevin and his friends.
How would she ever be able to face Damian now? She had in her mind been completely unfaithful now. Her days of sacred balance were fading fast. Even if what was going on was rape. She knew that she had instigated this performance.
Regardless of their treachery she had known all five men for over three years. Damian had worked out in Mark and Earl's gym well before ever meeting Candace. The men were all tight with Damian in some fashion.
The Horsemen closed in on her as her knees buckled beneath her lowering her into the bubbling torrent. Only her head and the top of her shoulders remained above water.
All four men nudged their hips against her as they reached down to palm their cocks all at once in order to slap her face from all sides. Four dicks beat against her cheeks and scalp like slithering Python's. Finally as she watched Mark recording their attack she refrained from blinking.
Mark had a hunch she had given up any sort of fight and was attempting to make the best of her assailants. Reese planted the palm of his free hand on her scalp and dunked her head underwater for nearly a full minute as the other men still graced her with a face full of cocks.
Erupting from the tub's water she gasped and continued to gaze at Mark and his unwavering camera hand. She exhaled water from her lips and spoke, "I'm sorry Damian. I see no choice's here. I've failed you. All I can do now is satisfy whatever hunger you have for these porn's I've made for you. Even if you might not love me anymore after this. No forgiveness. I accept that."
She then stood up and faced Dave planting her palms on his chest and roaming his every muscle tenderly before melding into his arms to kiss on his pecs. He moved backwards in the water to sit down on the underwater bench. Candi cradled by one of his arms went graciously with him.
Candi then trailed her tongue all around his pecs moving upwards to his throat and stubbly chin. Seconds later her mouth engulfed his with a feverish kiss. They both equally enjoyed the passion. Attentive to Dave's desires her hand moved down to grip his cock relocating it to her pussy. Guided inside she began riding him as the other men settled back to watch and relax in the steaming water.
Her head leans back to allow Dave to kiss on her in a similar fashion of neckline and chin. She cooed at the feel of his lips stimulating her hormones further. A gasp leads her to deafening moans, "God! Your cock feels so fucking good inside my pussy. Hold my hips tighter. Force me up and down on your cock."
Dave gripped her and fashioned his own movements to compliment hers. Digging his dick deeper and deeper. Finally, she screamed and let herself cum under his strength. Seconds later Dave himself snarls like a lion and erupts inside her. "Sonofabitch! That felt good!" He snaps at her, his hands moving from her hips to palm the sides of her face for one more kiss.
She whispers, "Thank you!" then peels away shyly to step backwards and fall into the lap of Clarence. She sits in his lap with his cock floating between her thighs. Her shoulder blades finding it cozy to roll against his muscular chest. Her hair tickles his nose as she rests herself cheek to cheek against him. Her left hand caressing his left cheek.
Even with the scent of chlorine Clarence could smell her perfume. The fragrance made him harder than ever. Mighty hands encircle her to crush her tits together as he lowers his chin to kiss her shoulder.
During his moment of tenderness Candi lowered her right hand down to stroke his cock and twist his crown gently. The sensations made Clarence smile, "You're good! I always liked you, Candi."
She merely eyes Mark with the camera as she tells the huge black man, "How could I not have noticed you big strong men? I've drooled behind your backs ever since I met you. My heart belongs to my Husband though. Still, I'm glad I can make you all notice me more. I hope that never changes. I don't think Damian would want me to resent any of you. And, I won't. I don't! Now shut up and stick your cock in me and make me scream for Damian."
Clarence puckers, "Damn Straight!" Within seconds he penetrates her pussy and raises her up and down in the water, standing slightly so that Mark could capture close-ups of his dick slamming in and out of her. Her hands relocate to Clarence's neck using it as support.
Mark video's the Black man's massive scrotum slapping at her ass from beneath. Her breathing grew heavy as another round of orgasm was heading her way. The tempest raged for three more minutes before both of them came in unison. With all of his strength Clarence held her close to him letting her cuddle in his neckline while she convulsed and lightly moaned.
Her voice was hoarse after her raging echoes. Yet, she was hardly done.
Sam was moving upward from his seat to claim her from Clarence. Gripping her biceps he peeled her away from his friend and nudged her to kneel in the water until he could plant his cock between her breasts and crushed them around him. He then began thrusting snugly as his crown slid up to pound at her chin repeatedly. She was so exhausted at this moment she merely looked up at him with yearning eyes. Suddenly, she began muttering, "I love you Damian!" continuously.
Sam craned his head back at Mark to look into the camera, "We love you too Damian!"
As he flicked his tongue at the camera she chose to open her mouth and flick her own tongue down at Sam's crown. Each time it rose up to greet her she licked it. A begging gaze offers up, "Cum in my mouth Sam."
"Will do you little slut!" He grunted minutes before fulfilling the agreement. She lowered her chin just perfectly to engulf his crown while he maintained his titty fucking. Cum oozed out from around his cock and her lips compression. Long swallows suckling feverishly she claimed his juices with perfect precision.
Trudging backward from him Candi drifts away into the water to dip her hair into it before looking at Reese. She takes a deep breath and sinks between his legs to suck on his floating monster. The image of Reese's facial expressions were priceless. He motions a thumbs up toward the camera, "Damian? Your wife's a trooper, Buddy. Wonder how long she can hold her breath?"
He counts to twelve before she raises up gasping for precious air. Inhaling deep she dives back under unforgivingly. All of the men were impressed. Reese reached his hands down into her hair and held her firm as she fucked her own mouth ferociously.
Forgetting her need to breath she begins to get lightheaded. Finally, he releases her scalp. The cue given she bursts from the water heaving to catch her breath. A swift inhale she returns to her mission and reaches up to grab his hands to place them back on her skull. She wanted him to feel in control over her.
Moments later Reese busts a nut and snarls before pulling her up by her hair. With a glare of admiration he twirls her around to face the video camcorder and grips her chin as cum trickles from her lips. She opens her mouth to a mother load of white cream and shows the camera. Reese then offers, "Well Done! Damian should be proud of that kind of determination."
She swallows his cum then lowers her eyes, "How can he be proud of somebody that betrayed him so?"
Each of the men felt saddened all of a sudden. They remain quiet and let her feel how she needed to about them. She folds her arms over her chest and lightly snivels, "I never meant to go so far, Damian."
Rolling his eyes Mark shuts the camcorder off and motions her toward him. Once close enough Mark leans over and grabs her by the hair and pulls her from the water with the help of Clarence grasping her hips.
Finding her footing Mark maintains his grip and ushers her along toward his office. Shoving her inside he shoots a glare at the Four Horsemen to get dressed. With that he shuts his office door and sits the camcorder on his desk.
She sulks watching as he sits down in his swivel chair. A snapped glance at her he yanks her closer by her wrist and makes her sit in his lap. He ignores the wetness seeping into his jeans from her ass.
As she sits closer leaning against his chest she observes him open his e-mail and reveal a Military mail sent to him from Damian Palmer. She notes the letter head and stares at it with a stunned gaze.
"What is this?" She quivers from a growing chill.
Mark then reaches up to grip her by the chin and forces her to look him in the eye. "I think you know what this was all about. Open the e-mail and read it. Be my guest."
She pouts at his eye contact then first leans into him and plants a kiss on his lips that catches him off guard. It was a tender warm exchange that he had to break. Mainly due to the taste of cum lingering on her lips. She faintly smiled then turned her attention to the e-mail opening it.
Trembling Mark wrapped his arms around her and used his palms to warmly offer friction as she read.
The least he could do in her state was comfort her chills.
The e-mail said: "Hey Marko! Thanks for all the letters you've been sending. Nice to know my friends don't forget me. I want to say before I get ahead of myself here that I'm thankful that you gave Candi a job that she loves. Keeps her from being so lonely. This deployment's been a long one and other than a two week leave I have coming I could be over here a very long time."
"I love being an Army Ranger but I can think of a hundred places I'd rather be. First and foremost in my wife's arms. And her delicious pussy. LOL." Candi smiles brightly and giggles over her shoulder at Mark. Then, she returns to her reading.
"Anyways I want to ask you a huge favor. Between you and I my soul's changing. My needs are becoming darker and stronger. Hard to explain but it gnaws at me while I'm alone. For the last month Candi's been sending me videos of herself playing for me but my desires keep demanding that she get bolder and bolder. She's trying but I get the feeling she needs a healthy shove in the right direction."
"I'm suggesting to her that she approach you and hopefully you will guide her in the right direction. There lies my favor. I know you and Lisa have a good thing going and I'm damn happy for you. But, You and I've known each other since we were kids. I trust you. And if you can help a Brother out and not let me screw up your relationship I want you to video Candi getting fucked and I do mean FUCKED HARD!! Against her wishes. Don't sweat the outcome I'll make certain she knows I put you up to arranging it. Just play along when she asks you for help. Let her think it's all her idea. That will make her shine."
"I love that woman fiercely and I have no plans on losing her. And, just between us? I think she needs fucked now and then to keep her sane while I'm away. The thing is unless I instigate it her pride won't let her go all the way. I see her getting bolder each time but my gut says she would never push herself hard enough to get fucked."
"Once it DOES happen I think she will be okay with it. I don't believe I'm wrong. I'm going to change our lives more and more while I'm over here. She either embraces that change or she can leave me. But, I need this and my soul WON'T budge. In the end it becomes her decision. If she loves me as deeply as she expresses then I feel she will succeed at anything I throw at her. Time will tell I guess."
"Few more things before I gotta hit the haymaker! Give her more to do there at the Gym. Hell don't you think she needs a raise after two years there? I DO!"
"I'll fill you in next week on some of my personal changes for her. After we get through whatever you can arrange and torture her with. In the meantime. I want you to challenge her even more after any sex acts you get accomplished. I want you to keep her clothing and make her jog the six blocks to our house naked. Tennis shoes and a ball cap. Nothing else!"
She drops her jaw at the command then looks at Mark, "No, Mark! Please!"
He raises his eye brows, "Clean up my lobby of your vomit then put your shoes on."
He then reach's behind him and grabs a "St. Louis Cardinal's ball cap yanking it over her scalp. She shivers gazing at him in awe, "Seriously?"
"Damian says you Streak, then you bounce those big beautiful titties all the way home. Argue with me and I'll fire you!"
She bulges her eyes, "You don't have to replace me. I'll obey my Husband. Send him our video. I'm no longer upset about tonight. I'll go get the carpet cleaner and tidy up. Is there more before I go?"
He closes the e-mail before she looks back at the monitor. "Nothing that should concern you. Get busy. When you're done I'll trail you home in my headlights."
She cringes, "For everyone to see me in the spotlight?"
"Sounds to me like you need to get used to it. Don't you?"
She nods reluctantly, "I need to think about all of this. And, talk to Damian by myself." Finally, she breaks away from his lap before kneeling in front of him and laying her right profile into his crotch. "I still owe you BIG!"
He lifts her up by her chin and tells her, "Not like that. I'll let you know when I want to collect."
Smiling she rises and leaves the office.
Outside in the locker room she sees the Four Horsemen fully dressed waiting in the Lobby. They were nice enough to clean up her vomit for her. This made her smile. She threw her arms out and took turns hugging each of them. "I'm not mad at any of you. Truth be known I loved it. And, needed it! I hope we're all still friends?"
Clarence pinches her on the ass making her yelp, "Hell Yes! Let me know when you need my Manaconda again."
In response the others groan and roll their eyes. Candi merely pats his crotch and locates her tennis shoes. As she puts them on Dave holds up her clothes curiously, "Forgetting something?"
She claims them as she spots Mark approaching as he begins turning out unnecessary lights for the night. Once Mark enters the lobby she hands him her clothing, "Put them in your trunk for safe keeping?"
He shakes his head, "I don't think so. All I need is for Lisa to find them. I'd be lynched for sure. Run and put them in a vacant locker until tomorrow. You're working at Noon again. Bring a bag to put them in."
She sprints through the gym as they all huddle to watch her perfect heart shaped ass sway from side to side while they whistle.
Sam chuckles, "Come on guys before we rape this little bitch all over again."
She yells from across the gym giggling, "Can't rape the willing!"
The group bursts into laughter as she swiftly returns palming her massive 34D's.
She huffs, "Is it any wonder how I can even run without these things giving me black eyes? Maybe I should see if Damian will get me a breast reduction."
A resounding, "NO!" fills the room as she admires their charm. She then follows Mark out the front door, tailed by the others who circulate to their vehicles. Waves all around they pull away leaving Mark and Candi alone.
"Six blocks will seem like a hundred miles, Mark. What if somebody turns me in for streaking?"
He glares at her then twists her around by her shoulders to face Home. A loud slap to her ass he barks, "RUN FAST!"
With a hand massaging the sting to her ass she darts away mumbling something to the effect of insanity.
Out into the darkness she jogs across the Fitness Center grounds until she reaches the street through town. She constantly looks around whining to herself as she clutches her bounding breasts to save herself from bruises. She notes car lights shining behind her and winces, "Stay at a distance Mark. Please."
Another block the lights grow brighter and speeds up until they're right on her tail. She stops briefly in her tracks and turns, "Dammit, Mark! You don't have to blind me!"
Then, came the shock of her life.
Red lights on a rooftop makes her scream. A loud shrill voice over a P.A. calls out, "Pull it over. Hands over your head."
'Oh My God! NOOOOOOOOOO!"
Mark cruised by Candi smiling sheepishly as an Officer pulls over and gets out. She reaches out to Mark who speeds away.
"Step over to the car. Now!"
All Candi could do was pray she could get out of this without having to get bailed out.
Who could she call?
Her mind gave up!
"Oh, Damian!"