Virginia was solid. She was solid in her mind, her emotions, her thinking, and her attitude. So when she walked through the office at noon with its industrial strength red plaid carpet past boxed in grey cubicles and down to the lunch room everyone stopped and stared. She was watched by men who found her curvaceous body tantalizing as she strutted in stiletto heels, pencil line skirts that hugged her hips, and blouses that hinted of full breasts clinging to lace brassieres underneath. Her hair was long, golden and just enough wave that seemed to simulate the lines of her body and when brushed to the side, she brought to mind the sultriness of Veronica Lake reappearing in the twenty first century. Her eyes were dark with makeup applied meticulously accentuating her features and her lips were lusciously painted in deep pink hues. She smelled of perfume that was light, slightly heady, and sensual. Men adored her and women wanted to be like her.
She defined herself well with her confidence and appeal and challenged anyone to meet her standards, but few did and wisely so. One day the last empty desk on the cubicle side was filled by a young man with black wavy hair, deep blue purple eyes, and a devilish smile. He defined his professionalism with fitted trousers that hinted at a well-endowed member and designer shirts that covered his frame as if molded to his body. All the young women in and out of the office swooned as he walked by, but he never seemed to notice until Virginia, in her daily routine, passed by him and he nearly fell out of his chair stunned by what he saw. She didn't seem to notice, but Derek had all he could do not to drool on himself in lust for her.
In the following weeks, Derek found out all he could about the woman whom they called "The Goddess" that seemed to reign supreme over the office. He discovered she was single, lived alone, drove a silver grey Porsche, and as far as anyone knew, there was no boyfriend. It was perfect scenario for Derek to apply his skills at flirting in the attempt of scoring a date with her and many attempts were made. Yet, Virginia would just smile at the young man who was a few years her junior and make an excuse that she was too busy to meet him for drinks or a date. It didn't deter Derek who loved a good challenge and continued in his pursuit of the Venus that ruled the office. One day perhaps in a moment of weakness or she was becoming bored with his relentless attempts, she conceded to see him at her apartment that night. Derek was thrilled.
When the evening came and Derek had found her apartment in an upscale neighborhood with sky high buildings that shouted of wealth and prosperity, he felt an anxiousness in the pit of his stomach that told him that he just might be out of his league. He entered the apartment building, pushed the elevator button to the tenth floor and let his mind wander as he rose. The door opened and Derek stepped out onto lush brown carpet, beige and white walls, and fresh flowers that sat in vases on small end tables at either end of the hall. He took deep breath as he walked down the hall and found the apt marked "210" in white enamel with black lettering encased in a gold frame. He licked his lips as he pressed the doorbell with his thumb and a low chime was heard inside.
Virginia opened the door in a low cut red dress that hugged her body with a slit on the side that was only a few inches away from exposing her hip. Her hair was coiffured perfectly about her head and her heels were black patent leather and spiked. She oozed sensuality and sexiness and she knew it. Stepping through the threshold of the apartment, Derek felt as if he was entering unchartered territory as the bulge in his pants began to grow in anticipation of what he might discover that lay underneath that designer red dress.
"Care for a drink?" Virginia asked casually heading towards the living room where the bar was tucked away in the corner just beyond the white leather sofa and brick fireplace.
"Sure," Derek said though he drank virtually nothing but beer.
"What will it be?" she said as smoothly as a fine brandy.
"You choose," Derek finally mustered.
"Well," she said eying him carefully, "I do have Heineken in the fridge.""That would be great," Derek smiled with the sudden knowledge that perhaps Virginia knew him better than he had thought.
A few moments later while sitting on the sofa Derek was drinking his beer in a glass while Virginia sipped a gin and tonic. The conversation was light, polite, and a little too formal for Virginia's liking.
"So what do you have that you think I might want?" she asked looking him squarely in the eyes.
Derek almost choked on his beer.
"Oh Derek, don't think I'm a fool," Virginia asked. "I know why you are here. You're looking to score a notch on your bed post and have bragging rights in the office as being the man who conquered Virginia."
"Why no," Derek fumbled with his words.
"Don't be silly," Virginia added. "Let's be honest."
Derek licked his lips. This was more than he anticipated from a woman even from the goddess Virginia.
"Well I had thought," he began.
She put her finger to his lips, "Don't think because I'm going to think for you."
Derek felt the bulge in his pants press against the zipper begging to be released.
"How so?" he whispered.
Virginia put down her drink on the coffee table and stood in front of Derek with a slight grin on her face.
"Pull down your pants and show me what you have," she ordered.
"What I have?" he asked his voice cracking.
"I want to see your cock silly boy," she smiled. "Now pull down your pants and show me."
Derek unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and slid down his underwear showing a thick long cock that was semi hard. Virginia looked at it as if she were buying fruit in a store inspecting it for quality and firmness. She leaned over, picked up Derek's cock and felt it twitch beneath her fingers. She gently fondled it in her hand before letting it rest on Derek's thigh.
"It's not hard enough," she said standing up again.
"Well. I mean. I just got here... and," Derek stumbled on his words.
Virginia said nothing as she undid the zipper on the back of dress and slid out of it like a snake shedding its skin and tossed it to the side. Her body was perfect, the curves could not be any more defined if a sculptor had chiseled them from stone. She was braless with her full breasts accented by tight pink nipples that seemed to point at Derek. She wore red lace bikini panties that seemed to be held on by sheer will and with a flick of her fingers they dropped to the floor as if by magic exposing the soft blonde curls of her pussy.
"Does this help?" she smiled at him.
"Yes," Derek managed to say as his cock jumped.
He went to stand and kiss her, but she pushed him back down on the sofa.
"Stroke it with your hand," she commanded her eyes fixed on his cock.
Derek watched her watching him and immediately grabbed his cock in his right hand and began to stroke it until it grew firm and bounced when he rubbed it.
"Now play with your balls," she ordered.
Derek cupped his balls with his left hand feeling them tighten and fill.
"Does it feel good?" she asked.
Derek licked his lips again.
"Yes," he said. "But I want to....."
"In time," Virginia shot back.
Derek went to release his hands, but she stopped him again.
"No. Keep stroking. You're not where I want you to be yet," she said.
Derek wanted to taste Virginia's lips, feel her body next to his, and suckle on her taut nipples, but he didn't dare and continued to stroke himself feeling the blood vessels fill and his cum begin to brew in his balls.
Virginia ran her fingers down her body along her curves in a slow painfully deliberate way over her breasts, down her waist, and stopped at her hips where she drew her fingers in a circular motion.
"Does this make your cock jump?" she asked.
"Yes," Derek said as hips began to gyrate while he pumped his cock with hand.
"That's what I thought," Virginia smiled as she stepped closer to Derek.
"I want more," Derek said.
Virginia responded by pulling Derek's head and face into the curls of her pussy mound burying his nose into her slit so that he could smell the musty aroma of her arousal. Derek inhaled deeply and let his tongue encircle the rim of her pussy where he could taste her sweet juices.
"Yes, Derek. It does taste good doesn't it?" she sighed as the sensation of his tongue sent chills through igniting her sexual desires.
"Yes," was all he could muster as he probed more and more with his tongue into the inner cavern of her wet pussy.
Suddenly and without warning, Virginia pushed his head back and she could see her juices glistening around his mouth.
"You like pussy don't you," she said as she leaned over and licked the juices from his mouth.
He tried to kiss her but she pulled away from him.
"Keep stroking," she commanded as the head of his cock began to drip precum.
Derek did as he was told mesmerized by this woman who knew exactly what she was doing. She leaned forward again, dipped her fingers into her pussy, pulled them out and swathed her nipples with her own juices.
"Now lick them off," she said in a husky voice that oozed sensuality.
Derek didn't hesitate as Virginia leaned over his face allowing him to suckle on one nipple and then the other licking off every bit of the pussy juice she had rubbed into them. Virginia threw her head back and licked her lips savoring Derek's tongue on her nipples that had now grown hard and taut from his touch. He went to cup her breast, but she pushed his hand away.
"Not yet," she commanded and stepped away from him.
Derek continued to stroke his cock, "I can't take much more," he groaned.
Without looking at him she said, "Stop stroking," and he did as he was told.
Derek's cock pulsated and bobbed up and down as if seeking the hot warmth of Virginia's pussy which she was not ready to give up. Virginia turned and sat down across from him, took her drink and brought it to her lips.
"Take your clothes off," she said as she took a sip.
Derek wasted no time in removing his clothes and tossing them to the side. His well chiseled body was as tense as his cock and his thighs tightly flexed as the need to release his seed became urgent. Virginia watched and could not take her eyes away from the bulging member that wanted her pussy so desperately. She put her drink down and knelt before Derek placing her body between his legs and looked at his cock adoringly eyeing the beauty of its thickness and precum that now oozed without stopping. Derek went to stroke it again, but again she pushed his hand away.
"Don't touch it," she said and his cock jumped at her voice. "I want to look at it. It's so beautiful," she whispered eyeing it as if it were a fine piece of sculpture. "Gorgeous," she said as she took her finger and drew the precum that had slid down his shaft up and into her mouth.
Derek watched her fingers sucking his precum from them and he let out a low growl.
"So salty and sweet," she murmured tasting it. "Do you have a large cum load?"
Derek just stared at her beautiful face. Her eyes fixed on his cock. Her breasts touching his thighs.
"Yea, a lot," he said his voice speaking in short gulps. "I haven't masturbated for a few days so there is a lot of cum built up," he assured her.
"Wonderful," she said seductively. "I love a lot of cream."
Derek had all he could do not to jump her, throw her on the sofa, and plow his rod into her pussy. The sound of her silky voice as he watched her twist her own nipples with her fingers while she admired his cock was driving him mad with desire for her.
"It makes my pussy very wet," she sighed feeling the tingling sensation go through her.
Derek's buttocks tightened as he fought the urge to take her, but said nothing.
"Your getting close?" she murmured looking at him.
"Yes, very," he answered in a low whisper.
"Stroke it again," she said.
"But I'll cum," he protested.
"I know," she said as she looked up at him and slowly opened her mouth.
Derek gripped his cock with his hand and began to pump up and down fiercely as Virginia opened her mouth wider and leaned into his cock. His cock began to jerk, his body tightened, and his teeth clenched as the hot cum that filled his balls began to rise up the length of his shaft. Virginia placed her hands on his thighs just as a volcanic burst of white hot cream shot through the head of his cock and into Virginia's mouth. Another load exploded onto her lips and she licked it off with her tongue. A third shot blew on her face and she rubbed it into her skin with her fingers.
"Beautiful baby. Wonderful," she kept saying as his cream covered her and dripped down her breasts.
He squeezed his cock once more letting the last dribble of his cream drip down her chin before collapsing on the sofa barely able to breathe. Virginia took his cock in her hand and licked the head of it and along his shaft making sure she had every last drop of cum before she leaned back showing him her cum soaked face.
"Did that feel good baby?" she asked in a sultry tone.
"Yes," Derek uttered barely able to speak.
"Good. Next time I'll let you fuck me," she began. "That's if you're a very good boy."
"I can be a very good boy," Derek managed to say.
"We'll see," Virginia cooed. "We'll see."