I walked in a little after seven. Why can't I ever get here on time? It doesn't matter, really. My boss doesn't care. After meeting the new guy last week, I spent some extra time in front of the mirror today. I know he wasn't going to see me naked or anything, but I carefully picked out a bra, comfortable but something that pushes up some. Then I traced my hands around my underwear. When I felt the lace and saw the sheer red underwear, I knew those were the ones. A light blouse that hung on my chest and a pencil skirt and I got started on my make-up. As I caught myself in the mirror, I saw my legs. Winter wasn't my strong suit when it comes to skin tone. I quickly ran back into my room and found a pair of stockings. I kept picturing the new guy as I got ready.
Once at the office, I found myself at my desk, staring blankly at the screen. Mike, the new guy, came in early every day, but I never wanted to seem like an over-eager girl, so I waited patiently before going to his side of the office. As I crossed the building and went to the breakroom, Mike stood at the counter. I took the opportunity of him not noticing me to look at his butt. His pants varied from day to day, tight and loose, but thankfully today was tight. I wish I could show him what I wore for him today. Just as my eyes began to daze, he turned around and saw me.
"Good morning, Emily! How are you today?" he asked smiling. I smiled back and went with the honest approach.
"Tired, but ready for my third cup of coffee." He moved just to the side of the pot as I reached forward and grabbed it. Our small talk was always nice, but it felt like there was an underlying layer that we just didn't say. That, or maybe I just needed to get laid. As we finished talking, he left the breakroom and I sunk a little into the counter. I wanted him bad! I retreated back to my desk and began cycling through my email.
Around lunch, I left my desk for the copy room to retrieve some items I had printed. When I arrived, my papers were just coming out on top of something else. I lifted the two documents and above mine, looked like a story. Indented paragraphs and dialogue covered the page. I set my papers down and quickly began reading it. Holy shit! This was a dirty story! After a few more lines, I thought it would be safer reading this at my desk. I peeked out the door mischievously and noticing no one around, I went back to my desk. I walked quickly through the office, looking at each co-worker and wondering who wrote this erotic tale. As I sat at my desk, I dug right back in. Reading about the two characters ferociously going at each other was amazing. As the sexual content grew more graphic, I read more quickly, occasionally looking up from my desk. My face began feeling warm and I could feel my red lace underwear get wet. As the characters climaxed, I was craving my own. I sat back in my chair and adjusted my skirt and set the story face down on my desk as I heard a light knock. I looked up to see Mike nervously hovering over my cubicle. I quickly sat up and closed my legs tightly. "Hi, Mike!" I could feel my face still flushed.
"Hey, Emily," he looked at me curiously, "I found your stuff on the printer." Shit! I had left my papers there! "Did you- um..." he began looking down as his face turned as red as mine. "Did you find anything of mine on the printer?" The entire story began racing through my head, replacing the characters with Mike and myself.
"The story?" I barely choked out the words. I didn't even know who should be more embarrassed. He nodded, his head still down. I reached slowly and picked up the erotica, extending my hand out to give it to him.
"Thanks," he muttered quietly as he set down my papers. He quickly turned and walked away from my desk. Well, I thought, I have definitely blown the chance of anything with him. He couldn't even look at me. I faced my computer, but couldn't even make out the words on the screen. I kept reading the story again and again in my mind. I jumped suddenly as my phone vibrated on my desk. Looking down, I couldn't believe the message: AT LEAST IT WAS YOU THAT FOUND IT AND NOT MY BOSS. It was Mike! My heart sank and my curiosity grew as I began to respond, telling him that I loved his story. He began asking me about my opinion and what I liked and didn't like. The conversation turned into what felt like sexting as I began sharing the things that I like done to me, comparing them to what happened to the girl in the story. I found my pussy getting wet again as we continued to text. When he asked me for my advice on the female character's clothing, I replied and told him I'd let him know.
I snuck off to the bathroom with my phone and quickly got into a stall. Hiking my skirt up to my waist, I held my phone out and began centering a picture of my red lace underwear and thigh high stockings. I pushed my ass out a little to extenuate the curvature and snapped a few pictures. I stood in the stall of the empty bathroom critiquing my pictures before sending Mike the best one, letting him know that this was more of what I had in mind for the female character's clothing.
I got back to my desk and began cycling through my email. Why hasn't he responded? Did I go too far? Just before my panic began to set in, my phone vibrated. MIGHT NEED A CLOSER LOOK, the message read. Oh, shit! I was getting so excited. Another vibration. MEET ME IN CONFERENCE ROOM B SO WE CAN DISCUSS IT. I felt my stomach drop a little with the nervous anticipation of what might happen next. I reached in and adjusted my breasts, pushing them up more. As I stood, I tucked my blouse into my skirt tightly. Even with a bra, I could make out my nipples through my blouse. With a deep breath, I headed to the conference room.
As I approached the room, I saw the door was closed. Was he joking? Was he not here? I decided to knock. As if waiting right there, he opened the door. "Come on in, Emily. Lots to discuss!" He stood aside and let me pass him, entering the room. When I got far enough in, I heard him close and lock the door behind him. "I have the room signed out for a planning session." He laughs a little to himself. "I did not specify which kind." I laughed along with him nervously as he walked passed me and sat at the head of the able in the room. He motioned for me to come over to him and without hesitation I went and stood by his side. "I love your ideas, Emily. I'm hoping to dive a little deeper into them." I try to play coy as much as I can.
"What'd you have in mind, Mike?" I asked with anticipation. He leaned back in his chair and cocked his head to the side, looking me over from head to toe.
"Well, I guess we'll have to see." He quickly through up his finger in a twirling motion, and I did as commanded, turning slowly in front of him. "Take off your skirt, Emily. I want to get a better look at that red lace." Was he commanding me? I began to feel warm and slowly, with little hesitation, I unzipped the back of my pencil skirt and let it fall to the ground. Mike readjusted himself in the chair as he continued his commands. "Now your blouse is hanging in the way. Remove that, too, please." I began staring him in the eye as I unbuttoned my blouse. When I reached the last button, I looked down to the outline of his shaft and dropped the blouse to the floor. I was now standing in my bra and underwear and stockings. My heels were still on as well. I kept staring at the outline on his pants. I swear it kept getting larger. I wanted him to pull his big cock out and put it in me right now. Why was he torturing me?!? I felt my pussy become warm and wet. I could only imagine how obvious it was to him as I stood there. "That's much better. Now, let me help you onto the table, so I can get an eye-level view."
Mike stood up and guided me to a sturdy chair, holding my hand as I stepped up onto the hard wooden conference table. He placed his hands behind my thighs and pulled me a little closer to the edge, examining the red lace with his eyes, intently. Once he had me close enough, he moved his hands up my thighs to my underwear. He began stroking the waistline gently with his fingers. It felt amazing and I could feel my body shake a little as he traced the seams. I wanted to get down on the conference room floor with him and push him inside of me, but I felt like I couldn't. He didn't command me to. I was absolutely exhilarated. As his fingers continued to the front of my waist, they traced down the center of the underwear, and he stopped, resting on my clit.
"These are much softer than I thought they would be," he said quietly. He pressed into the red underwear with more pressure and I shuttered a little. Then, Mike slid his fingers further down and pressed them right up against my pussy on top of my underwear. I let out a moan and visions of his dick filled my mind: tracing the shaft with my tongue, putting it inside me as I rode on top of him, I couldn't stop. As he pulled his fingers away, I could see they were soaked. My cheeks grew warm with a little embarrassment and he looked up at me standing on the conference table. As our eyes stared at each other, he slid one of fingers in his mouth, sucking on it as if it were covered in chocolate. "Softandsweet." He said smiling. My knees fell apart as I caught myself sitting down on the table in front of him. This made him step back a little. "Tell me Emily, is there anything you would change about the sex in the story?" he asked.
I cleared my throat. I could barely breathe right now. "No, that was my favorite part," I muttered quietly, now back to staring at his pants. He nodded and stepped back to the edge of the table. All I could think about was how his dick was only inches from my pussy now, separated by a few layers of fabric. Suddenly, he sat back in the chair in front of me.
"Scoot closer." I immediately obeyed his command and scooted to the edge of the table, resting my heels on either side of his chair. As he reached forward and gripped the waist of my underwear, he instructed me to lift up. I arched my back and pressed against my hands as he pulled the red lace over my stockings slowly. I put my heels together in front of him as he slid the underwear off. He again stared at me while he clumped them into a ball and slid them into his pocket. I wanted him to have every piece of clothing I was wearing if it would get him inside of me! He guided my heels back to each side of the chair as I leaned back against my hands on the table. Running his hands up my stocking, he parted my thighs a little more and leaned in. He began kissing my stomach, one soft kiss at a time. Between each kiss I could feel his breath on my pussy. I continued leaning back, watching his beautiful face and hands do whatever they wanted. He finally made his way down to my pussy and started by licking his tongue from the bottom up to my clit.
I bit my lip and let out a short moan, realizing quickly that I couldn't be loud in the room. He continue going down on me, spelling my name with his tongue and at times gently playing. As I came close to orgasm, my legs began to press against the sides of his head. Mike quickly responded by pushing them back open. The more I tried to close them, coming closer, he pushed them open. It felt so good, like I was being forced to wait. I knew I wouldn't hold out much longer though, so I arched my back and dug my heels into the cushion of the chair, raising my pussy deep into his face. I began shaking as I came, his mouth still glued to me. I could feel a suction from his mouth until I stopped shaking and slowly sat back down on the table.
He wiped a finger across his bottom lip as he stood up in front of me. My mouth hung open, half out of being out of breath and half hoping he'd fill it up. "Sit up" he commanded. "Take off your bra." I immediately follow his instruction. My nipples are rock hard as I sit up in front of him. I bite down hard on my lip and smile as he begins massaging my breast with one hand and pulling his belt open with the other. He let my tits fall gently as he used both hands to unbutton, unzip and pull down his pants. I was shocked to see how large he was through his little briefs. His hard cock was pushing out the top of them, pulsing. I subconsciously reached out my hand and grabbed the rim of his underwear, pulling it down. He looked up at me, "I didn't say you could do that." I pulled back quickly, feeling like I had done something wrong. I felt my pussy begin pulsing again. "Lay on your stomach, facing me." I rolled over on all fours before stretching my body across the table.
The tits felt warm against the spot my ass was just sitting. Meanwhile my legs spread slightly, knees bent on the cold table. My arms and head hung over the edge as Mike began pulling down his underwear finally. His hard cock popped out and as quickly as it did, I reached around, grabbing his ass and pulling him against the table, sliding his large shaft into my mouth. He rested his hands on my back as he rocked his body back and forth. I made a muffled moan as my face pressed against his pelvic bone and his cock slid deep into my throat. I gagged up some spit as he pulled a little out of my mouth, dripping my saliva on the floor in front of him. His grip firmed on my shoulders as he again pressed deep into my throat. I could taste the salty pre-cum in the back of my mouth. I reached far, cupping his ass and pulling him hard against me. As his cock pulsated in my mouth, I felt his cum stream down my throat. I could feel each vein pulse wrapping around his shaft.
He slid his cock out of my mouth slowly as a mixture of spit and cum dripped onto the floor. I rolled over onto my back panting, my head hanging back over the edge of the table. As I sat up and looked at Mike, he was doing his belt back up. As if we were using this conference room properly, he began to close the meeting, "Emily, I think you have some great input and ideas on how I can improve my stories. I think we should probably do a planning session like this weekly. You can give me more clothing ideas and I'll help put into actions what I write on paper." He straightened his tie and stood next to the door as I sat on the table in my stockings and heels. "I'll keep the door locked for you. Thank you again," he paused and adjusted his cock through his pants, "for everything."
Just as quickly as he had opened the door for me, he closed it, I exhaled a deep breath as I stood up on the floor and began putting on my clothes. As I looked around for my underwear, I remembered them going into Mike's pocket. I smiled devilishly. He kept a souvenir. As I made my way back to my desk, I couldn't help but sit there and replay what had just happened. How was I supposed to work the rest of the day? Just as my daze grew deeper, a loud ding from my computer. As I clicked open my email, I felt a large grin come across my face. It was a calendar invite. Ongoing. Every Wednesday. Planning Session.