Cyndi flicked the lights on in her bedroom, walked in and closed the door behind her. It was the end of a long day, time for bed. She strode around her bed to the open window and looked out at the night. A soft spring evening, perfect.
Hal knelt in the bushes outside Cyndi's window. Hal was a peeper, a voyeur. Cyndi's house was his favorite stop on his rounds since she was super hot and never seemed to close her window shades. The lights came on and his heart beat faster with excitement. Her she comes! he thought to himself. He wouldn't need his binoculars, Cyndi always pranced around next to the window. And tonight the bottom pane was open to the breeze, perfect for a super clear show.
Cyndi was pretty hot all right; cute face, great figure, a sexy attitude that never left her somehow. She started humming to herself as she spun next to the window, lifting her shirt over her head. She was wearing some of her favorite sexy lingerie today, just because. Black lace bra and panty set, with garter belt and stockings instead of pantyhose. She danced back to her vanity mirror and gave her shoulders a little shake, making her full tits shimmy. Danced back across to the window, unhooking her bra on the way. She let it fall to the floor. So much better! "The girls" liked being set free. Skirt next, The zipper purred down her thigh. She wiggled out of it.
Hal couldn't believe it. That lingerie! She'd never worn something like that before. Hal didn't question his luck, he just massaged his growing bulge through his pants.
"Is he there?" Jim's voice came clearly through the louvers of the closet door. Cyndi's husband like to watch too. He already had his eight inch cock out and was stroking it slowly. Cyndi turned to answer so the man in the bushes wouldn't see her lips move. "Yes," she breathed. Cyndi was feeling horny as hell too, she was used to her husband watching her but this was the first time she'd 'performed' for a stranger.
Jim gave a soft moan of excitement. He loved that his sexy wife liked to show off. When they had heard from the neighbors that there was supposedly a peeper in the neighborhood they came up with the same plan at almost the same time. Leave the shades up. Simple as that. And even if they didn't catch their spy the thought of some random stranger seeing Cyndi's soft tits, smooth belly and shaved pussy turned them both on until they were fucking like rabbits.
Hal didn't know it but he'd set off a silent alarm. Jim and Cyndi knew someone was there and to them it didn't matter who. All they wanted was to be seen by someone with sex on the brain. And they had rehearsed a little show...
Cyndi had taken off her stockings, rolling them sensuously down her legs. Now came the garter belt. Okay, showtime, she thought to herself, and pulled down her panties. Cyndi had shaved only hours before and her cunt was gleaming, smooth and irresistible. Tucked between her ass cheeks was a butt plug. Cyndi could feel it, filling her, moving as she moved, exciting her. She squatted down and held her hand under her twat. Two shiny ben-wa balls dropped into her hand as she squeezed her cunny. She gave them a fond glance and a little lick before turning and placing them on her dresser. Then she grabbed the little stool sitting before her vanity mirror and positioned it carefully in front of the window. She was so horny! She and her hubby had been planning this all day and the sexual tension was driving her up the wall! She needed to cum.
Hal couldn't believe it. This woman was killing him. The lingerie was enough to deal with. Then he sees she's wearing a butt plug and ben-wa balls in her pussy? She must be a nympho he thought as he jacked his rod for all he was worth.
Cyndi shivered with nerves. Here goes, she thought to herself. She spread her legs wide and began masturbating.
Her left hand cupped a breast while her right drifted down, down to her golden triangle. She squeezed a nipple and moaned in pleasure. Her right hand began stroking her inner thighs, coming closer and closer to her pulsating clit. Juices flooded her hand, streaming hot and clear from her most secret place.
She pictured Jim in the closet stroking his hard cock; knowing it was her that turned him on like this excited her no end.
Hal thought he was probably busted but he didn't care. Women don't just sit in front of an open window and start stroking off, he knew. But again, he just didn't care! Cyndi was smokin', nipples poking out hard, breathing ragged, gorgeous tits bouncing as she moved. Hal couldn't take it any longer. He came, jizz flying onto the midnight grass. He knew he'd be back, he hoped she'd still leave her blinds up.
Cyndi was so close, teetering right on the edge of orgasm. She wanted Jim, wanted his big cock stretching her out, wanted his rough hands on her skin, his scent in her nose, his mouth on her boobs. The thought of her husband's prick shoving into her was finally too much and she came, hard.
She shoved three fingers into her spasming cunt, tried to wrap them around the butt plug that was giving her ass such good feelings. Her thumb stroked her clit and she cried out, a wordless moan of pleasure.
That was too much for Jim. He had no idea how much this little show they has set up was going to turn him on. He didn't care who was watching. He burst out of the closet and crossed to his wife, gazing down at her orgasmic beauty. She was unaware of anything but the bliss flowing through her as Jim picked her up and settled her onto his throbbing member.
Cyndi's petite frame bounced on her husband's cock. She was cumming continuously now, a never ending orgasm gripping and pulsating around Jim's thrusting tool. Jim strained to get every millimeter of his hot man-meat into his wife's box as his balls tightened up under him. He came what seemed like gallons of hot spunk, painting the walls of Cyndi's flesh purse with his seed.
Cyndi's orgasms ran to new heights as she felt her husband's sperm tear into her willing cunt. Her tit-buds exploded with delight, her clit throbbed and twitched in time with the walls of her sex. Her head spinning, body sweating and shaking in Jim's strong arms.
Finally they quieted down. Jim walked over to the window, flicked a wall switch and flooded the backyard with light. No one was there.