My wife always did respond to having sex in unfamiliar surroundings. It was therefore always a joy to stay in an hotel room somewhere or to be in a strange bed with her. She would be continually horny on such excursions and I always was on the lookout for an opportunity to enjoy her willingness for sex and erotic experiences.
One such trip was made to Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast of Queensland in Australia, where we stayed in an apartment within a complex containing a pool, close to the golden sandy beaches and nightlife.
Late on the second afternoon of out stay, we donned our swimwear and took our towels down into the basement together to the spa area that our earlier exploration had uncovered... A big, warm and bubbling jacuzzi big enough for twelve but ideal for two lovers. We made sure to bolt the door behind us and climb into the soft, warm, bubbling water then enjoyed the powerful jets on our bodies and the fight to stay submerged.
I settled on a submerged shelf designed for seating in the water almost at chest height and she sat astride me, facing me and put her arms around my neck, kissing me and stroking her fingers through my wet hair.
I tenderly caressed my hands up and down her back, slipping them into her bikini briefs to feel the soft roundness of her buttocks, enclosing one in each of my eager hands. Her tongue played on mine and we kissed tenderly, passionately. She could feel my desire and urgency for her as my cock hardened immediately and was pressed against her fleshy mound as it bore down on me from her position astride my hips, legs wrapped around me...
I gently tugged on one loose end to the bow on her bikini top as I continued to savour the tenderness and passion in her kiss and she then broke off the kiss and leaned back to allow my mouth to devour her amazing full, soft round breasts where they protruded proudly under the loosened bikini top, my tongue playing on her nipples, darting over and around them, sucking them into my mouth. My face was buried in her breasts and my hands were all over her naked body, on her flanks, her breasts, each hand exploring and stroking in turn whilst always one hand supported her back as she leaned away from me whilst her arms were sexily draped around my neck. I placed one hand firmly in the middle of her back and moved the other up to support her head; my fingers occasionally playing through her hair, whilst my mouth devoured her breasts and suckled her nipples.
My urgency to take her was growing intensely as did the hardness of the bulge in my swimming shorts, which was pressed along the valley of her womanhood; a simple matter of two layers of thin material from my heaven on earth which she used teasingly to rub along my erection with small movements of her hips....
I slowly got to my feet with her still clamped on me like a reversed rucksack and I made sure to hold her securely by the waist to gently lower her down until her pretty little feet touched the bottom of the pool. Moving slowly around and behind her, I placed my hands on the beautiful curve of her waist then let my hands gently stroke up her flanks in unison, around her ribcage and up to her breasts, cupping them gently one in each hand and kneeding the amazingly full and pert nipples between my forefingers and thumbs.
I could not resist pressing my engorged manhood against her bottom as it strained within its confines eager to be released, stroked and inside of her. She bent forward to encourage my urgency and wriggled slowly from side to side rhythmically as I was pressing, rubbing, humping myself against her through her bikini bottoms. Gently, I slipped my index fingers into the waistband of her bikini bottoms, one each side and slid them down over her thighs to expose her perfectly rounded, flawless soft bottom to my gaze.
Feeling and sensing my desire, she encouraged the assault to continue by reaching back to grasp my rigid and rock hard cock in her hand through the material of my shorts, whilst the other hand reached back and fumbled at the cord at their waistband.
Skilfully, she pulled the bow apart and I helped her by pulling down my shorts. My cock sprung free into her waiting hand as if passing a baton in a relay race and she grasped the shaft as it pointed rigidly and rudely upwards to the ceiling, reaching back with her other hand to seek out and gently cup and fondle my balls.
She pulled me towards her by a firm, yet gentle grip on my cock and guided the swollen head to the delights of her waiting pussy. She leaned completely forward so that her torso rested on the side of the pool and presented her beautiful womanhood to me on tip-toes, toes spread on the bottom or the pool. She arched her back by raising her head and shoulders showing off the beautiful curve of her spine, the rude curve of her hips and the waiting glint of her now slippery wet pussy. I delighted in the sight before me and the fullness of her round bottom.
Slowly, she teasingly circled the now slippery end of my penis around the outer labia of her divine womanhood, spreading my ooze in ever decreasing circles to her inner labia and then placed the enormously swollen tip of my glans at her opening. I looked down to witness the moment my cock entered her. I rubbed my thumb gently across the opening to her sweet puckered ass as it was exposed and presented to my gaze and pressed forward into her in one, single, swift stroke. By now, her pussy was incredibly wet and slippery and her juices allowed me to push into her as hard and far as I could go, until I felt the tip of my throbbing penis pressing on her cervix. She reached down between her legs to feel my swollen balls and pulled them gently forward onto her clitoris, rubbing them against her in a circular motion as my hands were on her waist pulling her onto me, impailing her, trapping her, filling her with every inch of length and girth of my manhood...
Her legs felt like they might buckle at any moment as she came off tip-toes and planted her feet securely on the bottom of the pool, allowing her to push back and meet my thrusts, which became more urgent and forceful. I started to thrust at her harder and quicker, feeling the orgasm building in me. I could sense that her own orgasm was not far away either and we started to buck and thrust at each other, her pushing back to receive my urgent and desperate ramming to fuck her as hard as I could. We both suddenly began to emit loud noises and moans that began to echo around the room and beyond and we both reached climax at the same time...
As I felt my cock begin to jerk and spasm my hot gushes of semen into her, I placed my hand on her clitoris and gently rubbed around it with the tips of my fingers and pulled out of her urgently and suddenly, placing the exploding tip of my cock at her sweet little puckered hole, sending jets of hot semen spurting onto it as I pressed the throbbing head of my pulsating cock against her ass. I continued to slowly thrust back and forth so that the length of my shaft was gliding up and down along the valley between her buttocks, rubbing across her soiled pussy and ass, the final ejaculation spurting up onto the base of her back.
Whilst we almost seemed to exhaust ourselves with our orgasms it was obvious that we were both still extremely aroused and I took her by the hand, stepped out of the pool and led her to the shower, unlocking the entrance door to the spa area as we passed. I soaped her and washed her under the shower and we embraced and kissed lovingly. Having cleaned her of all the evidence of my huge ejaculation, I placed my hand on her waist as I led her to the sauna...... Once having built up some heat and stood stroking each other, wiping sweat from our bodies, I took her again from behind like an animal within the confines of the small, steamy room, draining every ounce of energy from me and every drop of semen I could muster to fill her again, as we kept half an eye on the steamed up window to the sauna and strained our ears for any evidence of movement outside.
Finally, we showered again and kissed, soaping each other down from head to toe and left the spa to return to our room and a continuation of our lovemaking.
It was an adventure we both remember for the amazing time we had spent together in the confines of a basement in Surfers Paradise...