We have broke up back in 2015, but somehow I still keep good memories of her. In special, because I have a thing about exhibit her and because she, somehow and although very self conscious of her body, always allowed me to do that.
Her name is Jessica, she is 1,80m high (almost my height) and not thin, not chubby, just the right amount of flesh to grab and fondle, her mother used to call it "baby fat", natural brunette with a little longer than shoulder length hair and a good handful of tits (no idea the size)!
These are some my memories of showing her off, always on the Summer (the hot weather helps for it, I guess) - well, in some of the parts I may have gone from real history to wishful thinking, let you decide what is true and what is my imagination... Short stories, no chronological order.
Part 1 - Barcelona trip
In 2009 we went to Barcelona as I got tickets for the opening gig of U2 from the 360 tour at Nou Camp.
We spent a few days in town checking lots of places - las ramblas, Gaudi"s architecture, La Boquera market and so on.
In the morning of the show, we decided to go to the beach - I have done some research and knew that topless and even full naked were normal around some beaches, so I was hoping that Jessica end up showing some extra skin!
While we were riding the metro to Ciutadella Vila Olímpica subway station, she started to complain about the bikini, "it's feeling too tight, around the rib cage, hurting", Jessica said.
"You can always choose not use the top, baby", I've told her immediately, seeing the chance of having her in topless at the beach.
"I might well do that", Jessica replied, leaving me day dreaming with that idea.
After we arrived, we bought some water and walk around the Passeig Maritim (the street along the beach) where she kept fumbling with the bikini top, until finally we have decided to go to Platja del Somorrostro (beach), where some beach umbrellas were available - after all, it was only 10:30 am but already a hot morning near 30 degrees in the end June, summer was coming strong.
We chose an umbrella in a row of 3, about 15 meters from water, that were all empty and spread our towels, still under the sun, and started disrobing. Easy and fast for me: t-shirt off up my head, jeans shorts down leaving me in my bathers, socks out and done, no more than 10 seconds.
For Jessica it was taking a little longer although she didn't have more clothes than me. By the time I was applying my sunscreen, she only had removed the leggings, still fumbling with the bikini under the t-shirt.
I looked to her quizzingly and asked "all ok, love?" but no reply from her.
She was probably debating what to do next.
And then she removed the shirt off and kept fighting with the bikini top. Push here, stretch there, lift here, cover more there - and I kept covering myself with sunscreen and checking her from the corner of my eye, but said nothing.
It was clear that she was debating herself if she should take the top off or not.
At this moment let me tell that every and all the times she did topless in the beach, I was the instigator, the one that pull the ties of the top and even removed it from her.
So, Jessica was in that moment where she realizes that no matter what she does, the top will always hurt her - she raise it a little and show me the ribs cage side and the under a boob, saying: "see?, it's red and marked" and with that she just go with her hands to the back, unfast the top and breathing deeply let it go and pushes it up through her head. Just like that my girlfriend is doing topless for the first time by her own initiative, without me having to push her or do any action! My smile of happiness was just beaten by the hardness on my dick that moment!
Jessica puts the top inside her tote bag, removes the sunscreen bottle, no words spoken but breathing a little faster, making her boobies moving up and down so softly and just so casually starts applying it to her legs, arms, belly and finally an extra attention to her boobies and dark nipples, much more whiter than the rest (white enough, we haven't been to the beach a lot that year yet) but also a little excited by the size of the nipples by now - they were big but when excited they will become longer and rock hard.
Finally Jessica gather courage and tells more to herself than me: "much better, don't know how I didn't realize it was so tight when we bought it - or am I fatter now?" - always that insecurity about her body!
"You look great and never seen you more sexy than now!" I told her.
"As if you don't say that every time you take my top off!" she says with silly smile.
"But that's the point, baby, this time I didn't take it, you did it by yourself!" I said, while lusting for those boobies and watching the umbrella boy approaching from her back as she looked to me with that "yeah yeah I know what you want" face.
"Hola" says the boy, probably about 20, casually talking to us and barely looking to Jessica, until she realizes he is just next to her and raise her arms to cover her boobies.
He then explains the conditions and prices, we managed to rent it until 3pm without chairs. By the end of the conversation, mostly with me, Jessica had lowered the arms but still a little flushed and again breathing faster than before.
Once he is like 10 meters distant, she quickly says non-stoping: "why didn't you told me he was coming?, he checked me, I was so embarrassed! At least I could have lay down on my belly..."
"Relax, Jess, he sees hundreds of boobies every day here! For him it's just another monday in office! And you lowered your arms and pushed your boobies up, I saw it, I'm sure you were also excited after the initial surprise!!" I told her with a sly smile.
Jessica just mumbled something and said "well, if it's to do topless, I may as well take advantage of it..." and with that she rolls over her back, put her sunglasses and gets all the sun she can get on those luscious boobies of her.
Some time later, maybe 20 minutes later, another girl comes to the umbrella next to us. A couple of minutes later another girl and the boy with 2 lounge chairs come by, prepare them and he goes back, leaving just the girls there. They barely look to us but I was checking them while reading my book, Jess was sleeping (or looked like at least). The girls took their clothes off to their bikinis and went to the water for a quick dive. When they return and lay down, both finally look to Jessica in topless, spoke something to each other that I couldn't hear and finally they take their tops off. One of them it's not used to do topless, she has a very deep tan with white boobs and bikini marks, while the other one has a kind of even tan. They lay down for a while and I had a hard time with my eyes flying from Jessica boobs to those two girls boobs! I think I never turned that page of my book for a long time!
Finally I feeling hot from the sun and asked "Jess, wanna come for a dive?". She turned her head to me, thought for a second and told me to alone, she would look for our stuff and will go later. And then she turns over and see the other two girls. "Are they here for a long time?"
"About half hour, baby, why?"
"Oh, i didn't saw they coming, I must slept a little" she said, still yawning. "You go now, I will go after you!" and with that I got up and walked 15 meters in direction of that Mediterranean blue flat sea, warm as expected and very inviting to dive in. So I did, just floating around or occasionally swimming a few strokes and checking who else was on the beach, getting crowded as the morning passed by.
Some people just walking left or right, some more couples, some more groups of friends and a few people alone that I could see around our point.
So I returned to our umbrella and noticed that one of the girls wasn't there and the other just covered her boobies with the bikini. At the same time Jessica seats and starts looking for the top on tote bag, when I ask her "what you're looking for there?" and Jessica replies: "my top, to go for a dive, shouldn't I wear it?" shyly asking me.
"Sure not, why the hell you even ask? I thought it was hurting you, wanna get those deep marks again?" I returned.
"I know it's silly but I never been to water in topless before, baby, you know it," she says.
"Well, today it's a good day for a first time!" and I offer my hand to help raise her.
She took my hand and slowly raised up, and while I layed down she started strolling to the sea, the arms going up and down as she was alone against the world, facing her fears undecided if she should cover her boobies (natural reflex) or let her arms down and let all the eyes check her.
Finally she arrived at the sea line, quickly advancing after that until she was covered safely by the water line, where she stayed just a couple of minutes to refresh before she returns and face all the audience back to our spot.
I still regret why I didn't use my iPhone 3 to record that moment, but I was in awe with my goddess returning, boobies high and balancing each step she takes. Later I realized I didn't take one single photo of that day in the beach! Stupid me!
She arrived, took her towel and again laid down on her back, using her elbows to recline herself checking who was passing but also her boobies.
A few minutes later she lays down, and eventually falls asleep again.
she didn't noticed when another couple passed by us, although I was watching them approaching from my right side, walk past us just 1 meter distance while the guy totally checked Jessica boobies, but also did the girl! They camped in the umbrella on our left and quickly disrobed to basics, him in a speedo and her in a small bikini that she quickly shed the top off too while talking with the boyfriend and pointing to Jess. They do noticed my Jess!
On my side, I was in heaven - not only Jess was in topless but also our new neighbor was too! Not wanting to be too obvious, I adjust myself to my right checking the girls on the umbrella - or actually still only one girl, that was now seated leaning against the thick wood pole of the sun umbrella and removing the top off too! I could watch that glorious moment where the top slowly comes down disclosing the boobies and set them free. I love that moment! I guess she was peer-pressured by Jess and the new neighbor! Later, when her friend returned, she quickly took off her top too and for quite some time, me and the other guy had 4 topless girls around us! Oh so happy moments!
The rest of the time was uneventful, with the girls either laying on their back or their belly but never putting the tops again. The first ones to leave was the pair of girls, although they left their towels there, they must have gone for a quick bite and return later but I never saw them again.
And around 20 minutes later it was our turn to leave too. We still need to have lunch, return to hotel and get ready for the U2's concert at Camp Nou! But Jessica didn't put the top back, "it's going to hurt me again and my t-shirt is dark enough so I don't show my boobies" she said. "Unfortunately", I thought but couldn't say it... Just a simple "Yeah" come out of my lips... But at lunch she was so excited and kept talking about being in topless felt so exciting and of course that once in the hotel room, we quickly striped and end up making love while talking about those more than four hours in the Somorrostro beach. I also tried to persuade Jessica to go to U2 show braless, but no luck there...
Still, I have the best memories of that Barcelona trip!