We rode in silence as we headed to work the morning after our love making, both of us wrapped up in our thoughts. A few blocks from my office, Allie pulled over on a quiet stretch of street with no one around but an occasional passing car.
Putting the car in park, she turned to me and said, "Last night was the most romantic night of my life. I've never felt that loved in bed with a man. I know we can't fall in love with each other, but I think we can teach each other a lot about what a man and a woman together in love should be like. I want more nights of you licking my slimy cunt, slamming your cock into my tight little fuck hole, and making long, slow passionate love to me. I hope you feel the same."
My eyes were misty as I said, "I'm in. Completely in," and I leaned in to give her a not very cousinly kiss.
As she put the car in gear, I couldn't resist adding, "Besides, you seem to have some natural talent for blowjobs that just needs a little work, and we haven't gotten to the lesson on butt sex yet."
She somehow managed to punch me in the shoulder with surprising strength while pulling into the flow of traffic.
As we were driving home that evening, Allie asked me, "So, what are you doing this weekend?"
I didn't have any plans and I told her so.
She asked, "How would you like to go to Summer Jam? Ray and I used to go every year with two other couples. I'd forgotten it was coming up until Maureen called today to ask if I still want my ticket. She told me she'd already called Ray and he turned them down because he didn't want to make things awkward, so she said I was welcome to one or both tickets."
"From the way she offered me the second ticket it was obvious she wanted to know if I'm seeing anyone but was afraid to ask. I told her I wasn't really dating, but I asked if they'd be okay with me inviting you and she said it would be fine."
Ray was Allie's ex-boyfriend. They'd broken up when he was offered a promotion that came with a transfer to a city about twelve hundred miles away. According to Allie they talked about doing the long-distance thing, but they both admitted they were probably never going to be more than good friends. They had a very civil breakup and Ray left town.
Summer Jam is a three-day, outdoor music festival that takes place in a little town about four hours away. It includes artists from every genre of popular music, and daily attendance is in the tens of thousands.
Allie told me that Maureen's husband, Scott, had gotten tickets to an exclusive section where you sit around a pool on chaises under big umbrellas. There's are attendants to take your orders for drinks and snacks, or you can help yourself at a full-service buffet and bar.
There's also a row of luxury cabanas just behind the section where you can hang out in air-conditioned comfort when you want some down time. Each one has a sitting room stocked with snacks and beverage service and three bedrooms with full luxury bathrooms.
If you believe the concert videos that come out every year, that section is always full of professional athletes, celebrities and their entourages. The video crews love to show hot young celebrities dressed to party and having a good time. Seating is limited to three dozen guests.
Allie and Ryan had been best friends with Scott and Maureen in college, along with the other couple that was going, Guy and Karen. I'd met them all before at a couple of the parties Allie loves to throw. Scott and his partner ran a software company that developed one of those games everyone plays obsessively on their phones. They recently sold it for seven figures plus royalties, so he decided to treat his friends.
Allie warned me that we'd be sharing a room and we had to make it look like we were two platonic cousins making the best of it. I leeringly said, "Oh, I'm planning on making the best of it alright." Allie managed to look down her nose at me with a disapproving expression that was scarily reminiscent of one I'd often seen on my mother's face.
The plan was to meet for lunch and then drive to the hotel where we'd be staying. The first band was supposed to take the stage at seven, so we wanted to get there in time to get checked in beforehand. Fortunately work was slow and I was caught up on my assignments, so my boss had no trouble approving my request to take that afternoon off.
When Allie picked me up on Friday, I saw she'd changed out of her usual business attire into a cute retro tennis outfit, complete with canvas tennis shoes. I noted approvingly that the white pleated skirt was quite a bit shorter than the original design and would likely not have been allowed in proper tennis clubs back in the day. The sleeveless knit top hugged Allies breasts, and I could tell she had on something less confining than the full support bras she normally wore to work. There was a lovely sway to her tits as she turned to give me a chaste, cousinly kiss when I got in the car.
Instead of hitting a nearby restaurant, Allie drove to a town about forty-five minutes away and stopped for lunch at a small-town restaurant where she said she'd eaten before. As we walked into the place, she scooted ahead a few steps and then turned to say, "Hurry up, silly," in a coquettish voice as if she were my ditzy girlfriend. As she turned towards me and back, the twist of her hips caused her skirt to swirl out and up, giving me a glimpse of a tiny white thong disappearing between her delectable cheeks.
The restaurant turned out to be a cozy little family run diner where we could sit together in a booth like a real couple, holding hands and sharing a kiss every now and then. The waitress commented that we were a cute couple and Allie told her this was our first weekend away together.
I used the restroom while Allie paid the check, then she handed me the keys and told me she'd meet me in the car after she made her own pottie stop. When she got in the car, she reached over and dropped something in my lap. As soon as I reached to pick it up I could see that it was her thong. She confirmed this by turning away from me and lifting the back of her skirt before sitting back down. As she did I saw a green jeweled butt plug peeking out between her cheeks.
When she sat back down and turned to look at me she said, "What? I just want to make sure there's no wet spot on the back of my skirt when we get there."
I said, "You know that's not what I was thinking about."
In a voice dripping with mock innocence she said, "Do I? I can't imagine what you're thinking."
I asked, "Why do you own a butt plug if you don't like anal sex."
She laughed and said, "It was a gift from an ex-boyfriend who was trying to get into my ass. He'd read that anal toys were a good way to get a girl's ass warmed up and he thought that would do it. When I told him, 'Not even close,' he got mad. We broke up soon after that, but I thought the plug was pretty, so I kept it. I've even taken a few selfies of me wearing it that are pretty hot."
The last thing she did before driving off was take off her top, revealing a see-through bra with a flower pattern. It gave her tits just a little lift but didn't restrain them.
As we drove, she told me my job was to make sure the driver stayed alert and awake. I soon found out that meant playing with her tits and pussy to keep her on edge.
We had to drive through a couple of small towns along the way. Allie had an old-fashioned tennis sweater as part of her outfit which she draped over her shoulders, letting the sleeves hang over her tit as her nod to modesty when we pulled into those towns.
We hit a stoplight just as we drove into one town. The street was empty except for a grandmotherly looking woman waiting to cross the street. She had a good view into the car, so she could see that Allie was less than decent, and that my hand was on her thigh underneath her skirt. She gave me a "Good for you," smile and I nodded for her to keep watching.
Just before we'd hit the town, I'd had Allie on the edge of cumming and she'd told me to give her a break. That was just a few seconds earlier, so Allie was still flushed and breathing hard. She was still sitting with her left leg cocked to spread her legs and give me access, so I was able to plunge my hand back between her thighs and shove two fingers into her cunt while I rubbed her clit with my thumb. She reached for my hand to stop me, but her orgasm hit before she could do anything. He body stiffened, her head hit the back of the seat, and she sat there shaking and trying, not completely successfully, to stifle her orgasmic moans.
The light was green for several seconds before she recovered and drove off. As she did, I turned to the woman and saw she was laughing and giving me a thumbs up. Allie caught sight of the woman in her rearview mirror and was mortified. After that I had to keep my hands in my own lap whenever we were passing through a town.
Allie stopped at a convenience store a mile or so before we arrived at the hotel so she could fix her outfit and appear respectable when we saw her friends.
We arrived at about five and found the other two couples already checked in. Scott had booked a three-bedroom suite that was surprisingly luxurious considering the hotel was in small-town America. Apparently, Summer Jam and the other concerts hosted by the venue throughout the warm-weather months attracted enough people to make a luxury hotel profitable.
Scott apologized when he showed us our room with its king-sized bed, saying he'd tried to change to something that would have separate beds for us, but every hotel room was booked. He pointed out that the ensuite bathroom had a door for privacy, and he showed us that the sofa in the sitting room was a pullout. He said the rest of them would try to be quiet if we'd be more comfortable with one of us sleeping there.
I jokingly said, "How much room can my pint-sized cousin take up in a big bed like that? We should be just fine."
Allie said, "We half expected something like this. I brought a long sleep shirt and hopefully he packed sleep shorts like I told him to. We should be fine sleeping in the same bed."
Somewhat more problematic was the fact that the bedrooms were separated from the sitting room by French doors. Shadows were easily visible through the translucent curtains covering the full-length windows. If things got hot and heavy as I was hoping, we'd not only need to be quiet, but we'd have to do it in complete darkness.
When I asked how soon we had to leave for the show, Scott told us our VIP package included shuttle service. The shuttle route bypassed the traffic trying to get into the main entrance and dropped us off at a VIP gate just a few yards away from our seating area. He said it was a ten-minute ride and the shuttle would be picking us up about thirty minutes before the show.
He also told us that the VIP package included beverage and catering service, which meant a full buffet on Saturday and Sunday but just snacks and hors d'oeuvres that evening. Because of that, they'd ordered a couple of pizzas from room service so we wouldn't be starting out on empty stomachs. We had just enough time to eat before the limo arrived.
The show was great, although the night's lineup included too many rappers for my taste. I lean more towards pop, rock and country. I was a little surprised to see Allie bumping to all the rappers and singing along with many of them. The things you learn.
About half the people in the VIP area looked like spoiled rich kids spending daddy's money, ranging in age from high schoolers to thirty-somethings who haven't yet learned how to adult. They kept to themselves for the most part and were uniformly rude to the wait-staff.
There was a group of NFL linemen there with their wives and girlfriends. Their quarterback had bought the package for them as a thank you for the job they'd done in a playoff game the previous season. Thanks to them, he'd been untouchable through the final three quarters after an illegal hit by an opposing player late in the first quarter left him limping and almost knocked him out of the game.
They were very friendly and turned out to be a lot of fun to talk to. When they realized that a couple of the attendants were fans of the team, they invited them to take selfies. I noticed that all the players spent time talking to the attendants over the course of the concert.
A few of the players were there by themselves, and they flocked around Allie when Scott told them I was just her cousin. Maureen actually encouraged Allie to hook up with those guys. It turns out Maureen is a huge football fan who's fantasized about being with the stars from her favorite team and she wanted to live vicariously through Allie. Allie discretely asked me what I thought, and I said we agreed we could never be exclusive, so go for it.
After a bit I saw that most of the players had drifted away and Allie was left chatting with just two of them, Lyle and Jeff, the starting left guard and tackle. Interestingly, at times their body language made it look like the conversation had gone beyond idle chatter to more serious topics.
Allie seemed to love it when Lyle effortlessly hoisted her onto his shoulders during one of her favorite songs. As she perched there gyrating to the music, I was wondering if he could feel her thong covered pussy against the back of his neck.
That also highlighted just how tiny she was compared to them. Each of them stood six foot five, and each weighed in the neighborhood of three hundred twenty pounds. When I saw her slip into a cabana with not one but both of those players later in the evening, I was a little nervous.
All three of them came out together about forty-five minutes later just as the next act was getting ready to start. When Allie came over to me, she was smiling, and I noticed her hair was damp like she'd just taken a shower. Later, I saw her talking to a wide-eyed Maureen who dragged Scott off to their cabana soon after.
The rest of the VIPs were two A-list movie stars and a couple of friends. They were happy to mix with our group and with the football players, and I notice they were also nice to the attendants.
They had bodyguards with them at first, but once those guys sized up the crowd they just sat at a table where they could keep an eye on their charges and watch the show. They only had to step in once when some of the teeny boppers turned into persistent fan boys, pestering one of the stars about her role in a recent superhero movie.
Within the first couple of hours the area split into two camps, with the spoiled rich kids on one side and the rich and famous plus us on the other. The rich kids treated their half of the area like a frat house, dropping trash where they stood, leaving spills and messes everywhere, and harassing the staff when the mess became a nuisance. People on our side picked up after themselves and were courteous to the staff.
Once we returned to the hotel and were behind closed doors, Allie told me about her time alone with the football players. She said, "As we were going into their cabana, I was nervous at the thought of tiny me alone with two huge guys like that, but it gave me a little thrill feeling like I was living dangerously. We went right to one of the bedrooms and sat together on the bed just kissing, but then I said, 'This would be wonderful if we were going to take all night, but I'm here to see the bands. Let's have some fun and save the romance for another time,' and I took off my top and skirt."
"I said, 'The rules are simple. Condoms are required. No cumming on my face. Rough oral is out. Anal is out. Now who's first?'"
She said the guys were naked in no time, and they weren't awkward about it at all. "I sat back down and started kissing them again, but now they were kissing me everywhere. I barely noticed as they removed my bra and panties. That's the first time I ever had two mouths on my body at the same time, and it was awesome. They were gentle, but their hands are so big and strong I still felt like I was being manhandled. They gave me a very nice orgasm that left me all shivery just by kissing and touching me."
As she continued telling her story, I crawled under the covers and between her legs. I could tell she was turned on from reliving her experience not only from her excited voice, flushed face and hard nipples poking through her nightshirt, but also from the thick, wet-pussy smell that enveloped me as I ducked under the covers.
"After I had a little orgasm, I saw that Lyle was standing by the side of the bed and he'd put on a condom. He reached down, grabbed me just under my arms, and lifted me off the bed as if I didn't weigh anything. He held me so we were chest to chest and kissed me, and it took me a moment to realize he was waiting for me to make the next move.
I wrapped my arms around his neck and wrapped my legs around his waist. He took that as a signal to let go of me. He reached down and lifted his cock until it was brushing my pussy lips, and the next thing I knew I was sliding onto his shaft and he was holding my ass in his two big hands."
I was licking her inner thighs as she was telling me this. She spread her legs wide (God bless her dance workouts) giving me access to all her most sensitive areas, and as I peeked out from under the covers, I could just see her teasing her own tits with her hands.
"I'd fucked in that position before, but none of those guys were as strong as Lyle, so it was a lot of work for me. With Lyle, I was mostly holding on and he was lifting me up and down on his cock. It was surreal."
I'd started licking the crease of her thigh and she was trying to squirm around to make me lick her pussy.
"I had another little orgasm and then he lifted me off his cock and set me on the bed on all fours. Then Jeff was kneeling behind me, sliding his cock into my cunt."
"Jeff gave me a pretty good pounding and I had a bigger orgasm, and then they switched again. Lyle was pounding me, and Jeff came around to my head and asked if I was okay tasting myself on his cock. I grabbed it and took about half into my mouth, and then gave him the best tongue action I could until he started gently fucking my mouth."
By then I was lapping up her sweet juices that I found collecting at the entrance to her cunt and circling my tongue around her outer lips. She was squirming more than ever, and she had to pause her storytelling several times.
"They switched back and forth like that and it was heavenly. After the first couple of switches, I was cumming almost continuously. But neither one of them came. They were fucking me until they were on the edge of cumming themselves, and then tapping out. Sometimes the one who wasn't fucking me would kiss me, sometimes they'd lick and kiss my tits, sometimes they'd let me suck their cocks. All the sexy sensations were almost overwhelming."
I started nibbling on her pussy lips and plunging my tongue into her cunt hole. I tugged against her clit by sucking her cunt lips them into my mouth. Several times I gave her lips a little shake that made her gasp and reach for my head. But I could tell she was getting frustrated by me avoiding direct contact with her clit.
"Towards the end they ramped things up even more by licking my pussy while I was getting fucked. I'd never experienced that before, and it was incredible! One time Lyle and I were in a sixty-nine while Jeff was pounding me. Another time I was riding Jeff reverse cowgirl while Lyle was licking me. That's what finally put me over the edge into a body-shaking orgasm that left me limp."
She gave a little shiver as she replayed that orgasm in her head, and that's when I finally sucked her clit into my mouth and lashed it with my tongue. I heard a catch in her breath as she stopped talking and her legs wrapped convulsively around me. She shuddered and mumbled unintelligibly until my tongue left her clit and I went back to licking the full length of her slit.
"They kept playing with my tits and pussy, causing I don't know so many warm, wonderful aftershocks, until I realized they hadn't cum yet. I asked them to hand me the bottle of baby oil that I'd seen on the dresser and oiled up my tits. I could see that as I sat on the edge of the bed I was at the perfect height for them to titty fuck me, so I made them stand in front of me."
By then I'd gone back to licking her clit and she was cumming in waves, making it hard for her to get the story out.
"I peeled the rubbers off their cocks and coated them with lube. Then I took turns jacking them off and titty fucking them. Jeff came with his cock between my tits, and Lyle came at almost the same time as I jerked his cock. Jeff's first blast hit me in the chin, and it caught me by surprise. Lyle took hold of his cock and sprayed all over my nipples."
"I don't think either one of them had cum in a couple of days because my tits were white with sperm. When the last drops dribbled out onto my tits, I decided to be a little slutty. I put on a show, playing with their cum and rubbing it all over my tits. I think they both would have fucked me again right then if we'd had time."
As she was telling this part of the story, I was sucking and licking her clit as hard as I could, and I started finger fucking her, pounding her G-spot. Her voice rose steadily in pitch and volume until everything after "tits" came out as a loud squeak.
As I lifted my face from her pussy she finished by saying, "Then we jumped in the shower because it was getting to be time for the next band to start. It was tough not jumping back in bed with them again, the way they touched me while they were just supposed to be washing me."
I said, "Braggart," as I crawled up her body and laid on her with my hard cock resting against her slit. I held her close and kissed her face while she caught her breath.
When her breathing evened out, she started returning my kisses until we were making out like horny teenagers. Breaking our kiss she gave me one of her smart-ass smiles and said, "Isn't it time for you to fuck my slutty cunt hole?"
She somehow managed to capture my cock in her tight little fuck hole with no hands, and before I knew it I was balls deep in her cunt, savoring her hot wetness gliding over my shaft. I started out slow, but she was still near the edge from her previous cum and quickly started grunting and squealing, trying not to cry out.
I quickly realized she was too far gone to appreciate subtlety, so I switched to hard, fast strokes that had our hips slapping each time we came together. I had the covers pulled up to muffle the sound, but Allie's flailing legs soon kicked them off. As her orgasm overtook her, she pulled a pillow over her face and screamed into it.
I love the sound of her voice when she's in the throes of passion like that, and I was a little sorry I couldn't hear her in full voice. But the feeling of her cunt squeezing my cock, the sight of her sweaty body underneath me, and the feeling of her legs urging me to fuck her harder and harder put me over the edge moments later. Even though I thought I was ready for it, the feeling of release made me shout out Allie's name before I caught myself.
I kept thrusting into her until my cock softened and slipped out of her hole. Then I slid back down between her legs and gave her another small orgasm as I licked her clean. She'd loved the feeling the first time I did that for her, and now she wanted it every time.
As we lay there afterwards, Allie told me that while she was showering and getting dressed with Lyle and Jeff, she'd commented that it seemed like this wasn't the first time they'd shared a woman. They told her they'd started on the team at the same time and during their first road trip they'd met a cougar in a hotel bar who told them she loved really big guys, and her fantasy was to have two guys like them at once, so they'd followed her up to her room. She'd done three-ways before, so she was able to help them get over the awkwardness. They said she even came to visit them twice more that season. Since then they'd shared several women and each of them had seemed happy with the arrangement.
"In case you were curious, their cocks are about the same size as yours."
She also told me she'd exchanged info with the two of them and made a date to go to a club with Jeff, who lived in town year-round. And she said, "By the way. They told me that Owen thinks you're hot." Then she added with a smirk, "Maybe you set off his gaydar."
Owen was the tight end who'd caused some controversy when he came out as gay during an interview following the draft. He'd pretended to be straight in college, flatly denying rumors that he was gay. As a top NFL prospect playing for one of the big Bible belt schools where homosexuality was still stigmatized, he'd been advised to stay in the closet or risk pressure from fans and boosters to bench or cut him. Homophobes were mad that a "faggot" had pulled the wool over their eyes and the LGBTQ community and their allies were mad at him for being what they called "cowardly."
Controversy aside, he's a six foot four, two-hundred seventy-pound, blue-eyed blonde Adonis who I'd imagine has guys beating down his door. I was flattered. Allie asked if she should tell him I'm bi and I said, "Sure. It could be fun."
The next morning we decided it was too risky to shower together, so Allie went first and then I showered. A minute or two after I came out of the bathroom there was a knock on our bedroom door and Maureen let herself in without waiting for an answer.
"So you two are fucking."
It was clearly a statement, not a question. Allie tried to play innocent, but Maureen cut her off, "We all heard you last night. Either the two of you were doing some hardcore masturbation next to each other, or you were fucking. And I've never heard masturbation sound so much like two bodies slapping together."
Alie asked, "Is everybody freaked out?"
Maureen said, "We were at first. Guy was ready to send you guys home, but Karen pointed out that while he was whispering about how depraved he thought you were, he never stopped listening and he had a raging boner the whole time. Karen says he fucked her like a stallion once you guys quieted down."
"Scott and Karen both confessed to having 'played doctor' with cousins or siblings when they were pubescent kids. And you know Scott has always had the hots for you. He said if you were his cousin he wouldn't let it stop him from banging you if you were up for it. And I've told you about my kinky experience with incest."
That last comment went completely over my head and my face must have showed it, so Allie explained. "When Maureen was a senior in high school she worked as a waitress in a family style restaurant. One day the hostess seated a couple about her parents' age in her section, and when Maureen introduced herself, they just stared. Apparently, she looked just like their daughter who'd gone away to college that fall."
"The couple came back a couple of times and asked for her specifically. On one visit the wife asked Maureen if she'd like to help them fulfill a fantasy. The husband had started watching incest porn and had shown it to the wife. That led to them role playing incest between him and their daughter. They wanted to know if Maureen would have sex with the husband while the wife watched so they could play out the fantasy."
"The way Maureen tells it, it took a little persuading, but she eventually agreed to get together with them. They were a nice couple, Maureen thought the husband was sexy, and the wife was also fit and attractive. After the first time they were all into it, so they did it several more times including a weekend at their vacation home. She called them Mommy and Daddy and they called her by their daughter's name. After a bit the couple found it was making things weird when their real daughter came home, so they ended it."
Allie gave Maureen a quick rundown of how we'd come to be sleeping together, making me sound like a knight in shining armor. When she was finished, Maureen was making an "Awww," expression and looking at us like we'd just told her a romantic engagement story. Then she asked Allie, "So if you guys are together, why did you bang two football players yesterday?"
We explained that we knew we could never be exclusive, so we were trying not to be possessive or jealous. We also admitted that we'd hoped it would back up our story about just being there as cousins. Allie added, "And you saw those guys. Handsome and great bodies. It's not often you get to tap something like that. Especially not two at a time."
We walked out to breakfast and found the other three looking at Maureen with expectant faces. Maureen said, "Yes, they are. No, they don't have any stupid ideas about being a couple." There were more questions over breakfast, but no one seemed to be judging us. They each said straight out they'd support us and keep our relationship a secret.
That day at the concert, Allie went off with her friends three times, once with both together and one time with each of them one on one. When she was telling me about it later, she said the threesome was as wild as the first day, but one on one they were both very romantic, especially Jeff. She once again let them cum on her, and she was surprised when Jeff offered to lick her clean. She also told me I needed to step up my game, because each of them had managed to cum four times for her.
Owen did approach me, and we hit it off, so I went to a cabana with him during one of the breaks. Allie was with Lyle during that break, and she made sure they were in the room next to Owen and me.
It was a hot, sunny day so Owen and I were both wearing tank tops and board shorts. Owen stripped as soon as we were behind closed doors and I followed suit. He looked me over and said, "You look just as solid as I'd imagined. I like guy's who are serious about their bodies like I am." I was awestruck by his physique and I think I blushed at his complement.
As he was checking me out, I was checking him out. While his muscles were hard to ignore, his cock is what really caught my attention. Jeff and Lyle may have been the same size as me, but even soft I could see that Owen was bigger. As his cock hardened, it became apparent that he had a good inch advantage, and an extra half inch of girth. I was kind of excited and kind of scared.
It was also obvious that Owen was used to being the alpha. He stepped up and grabbed me, pulling me tight to his body with one hand and pulling my face to his with the other hand on the back of my head. It was surreal looking up at a guy I was kissing. I'd never had a partner who was even as tall as I am before.
I grabbed his ass and pulled our hips together, grinding my cock against his. It felt like I was holding two chunks of smooth, warm granite until my fingers found his crack. Then he relaxed and I was able to slide my fingers through his hot valley and knead his cheeks. Reaching further down I cupped his tight balls.
As I wedged a finger in Owen's crack and tickled his puckered hole, he was pushing back trying to let my finger in, but he was too dry. He broke our kiss and grabbed a bottle of lube off the nightstand. He first squirted some on my fingers, and then he coated our cocks. He put his left arm around my waist and pulled us so we were standing hip to hip with our cocks touching.
I grabbed his ass again with my right hand and slid the well-oiled digits through his crack. He wrapped his right hand around both our cocks and began jacking them together. His huge hand made our above average sized cocks look average, but it felt amazing wrapped around our shafts.
The sight of our cocks rubbing together looked like something out of a porn video, so I interrupted our play time and asked Owen if I could take a picture. He said sure, and I got a couple of shots of our cocks next to each other and of him stroking both our cocks together that I knew I'd be jerking off to sometime.
When we resumed, I played with his ass until I found his hole again. I pushed one finger in and slowly fucked his hot orifice, and almost immediately he asked for a second finger. He groaned as I forced my digits into him up to the third knuckle, and when I withdrew them, he was immediately shoving his ass back against my hand. In no time I was ramming his ass as fast as I could, and he was moaning into my mouth.
Soon after I added a third finger at his request, I felt Owen's ass ring clamp down around my fingers and his cock was jerking against mine. Then he was urging me, "Keep pounding that hole! Just like that!" and his hips were thrusting like he was fucking a tight asshole. He came with a blast that covered my stomach up to my nipples.
His second blast shot up and rained back down on his jacking hand. I felt his hot, slippery load coating my cock head and he was massaging it into the flesh of our cocks. Then I was coming and soon our cocks were completely coated with a slimy white film of cum. I kept pumping my fingers into his ass and he kept jacking our cocks until he gave a whole-body shiver and let go. Then he pulled me into a kiss and pressed our bodies together from thigh to chest, smearing us all over with the incredible amount of cum we'd both ejaculated.
After we caught our breath, we took a quick shower together. Once we were clean, I knelt and cupped his balls with one hand while I stroked his cock with the other. I commented, "It feels like these have plenty more cum for me," as I began nibbling his shaft and sucking his balls. He said, "We'll miss the next act," and I said, "It's just some second-rate rapper. This looks like more fun. Unless you need time to get your second wind."
In reply, he grabbed my head in one hand and his cock in the other and shoved it as far as he could into my mouth. I choked but managed not to gag. As I struggled to control my gag reflex, I could see that there was still almost two inches of cock that he hadn't managed to stuff into my throat. Still, I was proud of the fact that I was able to hold out until he decided to release me.
After taking a second to catch my breath, I took his cock as deep as I could a couple of times before letting him pop out of my mouth. I said, "I'd love to keep doing that, but I don't know you well enough to do it without a condom."
We dried off and went to the bedroom where I found a condom and rolled it onto his thick, veiny shaft. As I took him into my mouth again, he stroked my hair but let me be in control. He started off standing, but then sat on the edge of the bed. When I took a break from trying to swallow his massive tool, he leaned back and spread his legs, offering his balls and his hole to me.
I couldn't resist kissing his wrinkled hole, and he groaned and grabbed my head almost as soon as I made contact. Even though we'd just showered, I could still smell sweat and musk, so I happily buried my face between his cheeks as I kissed, licked and probed his hole. I was inhaling his scent and savoring his taste while he was squirming on my tongue, both of us happy as could be.
I wasn't sure what he was thinking, but my plan was to get him hard and then see if I could take that gorgeous cock in my ass. With that in mind, I started sucking him again. But as he was bottoming out in my throat, the perverse side of my brain was telling me I wouldn't be satisfied until I proved definitively whether or not I could swallow his whole cock. I tried a few different angles, but they weren't cutting it, so I told him, "Stand up."
When he was on his feet, I laid on my back on the bed with my head over the side and said, "Feed me your cock."
Owen balked saying, "I've had people try this before. They usually end up puking on my cock."
I said, "If it's happened more than once, you should have figured out how to tell when it's about to happen and prevent it. Just take it slow and apply pressure when I signal you."
Owen reluctantly slid his cock into my mouth and tentatively pushed until he felt his head hit my throat. He paused there, and after a second, I reached up and pulled gently on his thighs. He gave me another half inch and his glans was in my throat. He was fatter than most cocks I'd sucked, but I'd had cocks deeper in my throat before.
I could still breathe, so I took a couple of deep breaths and urged him to go deeper. He gave me another half inch with excruciating slowness before he stopped again. By then I could barely breathe, and he was definitely pushing the boundaries of my comfort zone. I had to really focus on relaxing my neck, throat and jaws.
As I urged him to give me more, he shifted his feet which caused his cock head to shift in my throat. I felt myself starting to gag and I gave him a shove. To his credit, he immediately pulled out.
I explained what had happened and he moved his feet to where he thought he'd have a better angle. Then he allowed me to suck his cock back into my mouth and I urged him to slide his cock into my throat until it felt as deep as it had been before I gagged.
Then I heard him marvel, "You've almost got the whole thing. Almost no one has been able to do that."
I looked up then and saw his balls hanging just over my nose. That sight sent a tingle through my body, and I could feel my cock throbbing. I was definitely feeling some cock lust as I pulled his hips, urging him to give me the rest. He pressed in until he bottomed out, but he only left it in for a second before pulling all the way out. Just that momentary triumph sent another shiver through my cock.
Determined to really suck that beautiful slab of flesh down to the root, I grabbed his cock with one hand and his ass with the other and urged him into my throat again. Again he tried to pull out right away, but I caught him just as he cleared my throat and pulled him back in. We repeated that a couple of times until he picked up the rhythm on his own and began fucking my throat.
After a bit he pulled out and said, "That looks so hot. Do you mind if I get a video?"
I said, "Sure, if you share it with me. And start with a shot of your cock laying over my face and throat so people can see how big you are."
He took the video and then face fucked me for a while. The longer he was plunging his cock down my throat, the more vocal he got, saying things like, "Take that cock deep. Feel my knob in your throat. Look at those balls against your lips." I was hoping Allie was still next door listening. She told me later that she had heard us, and she was amazed when she saw my throat bulging in the video.
While I was definitely feeling an endorphin rush from the sensation of his cock buried in my throat, I didn't want him to cum in my mouth. With that in mind, I pushed him off and said, "Sword swallowing that monster was a fun challenge, but I think the best use for it would be to fill my ass and give me a good pounding."
I was confident I could take his cock in my ass because I had some friends who were into toys. They had a double ended dildo that was eighteen inches long and fatter than Owen's cock that she liked to watch her boyfriend and me share. When we were butt to butt, we each had nine inches of fat shaft filling our asses, and I found that was one of my favorite parts of playtime with them.
Owen wasn't convinced it would be that easy, so he insisted on spending some time eating my ass and fingering my hole to loosen me up. He told me that with a cock his size, he'd learned a lot of tricks for getting a tight back door ready for entry. I'm not going to lie and say I didn't appreciate and enjoy his efforts. I knelt with my shoulders on the bed, relaxing with my ass on my calves while Owen's tongue worked magic. My hole was feeling a hot, wet, wondrous massage that had it quivering as it slowly loosened for his invasion.
He wasn't shy about fingering me either. Owen worked his fingers into my ass, twisting and probing. When he found my prostate, he tickled it like I'd rub a girls G-spot until there was a fat stream of precum trailing from my piss hole.
When I finally said, "I need you to fuck me now," Owen rolled a condom onto his cock and laid down on the bed saying, "You on top."
He drizzled lube over his cock and invited me to spread it around. I took it as another opportunity to play with his beautiful cock and impressive balls before I finally straddled his body.
That was a new experience for me, and I fumbled a bit lining him up with my asshole. All the guys I'd been with up until then were smaller than me, so when I was on top like that, I had a lot of clearance to line my ass up with their cocks. With Owen's big body, the angle was all different.
When I finally had him socketed against my pucker I had to consciously think about relaxing. I reminded myself that this was not going to be the easy, leisurely fuck I normally got from my male lovers.
After taking a couple of deep breaths, I pushed back and felt my outer sphincter stretch until it was burning red hot before his head finally popped through. I realized I'd been holding my breath as I let it out with a loud, "Oh, fuck. Wow!"
Owen pulled me down for a deep, sensuous kiss, holding me tight and stroking my back as I lay on his chest with my ass pulsing around his cock head. It was a wild feeling, and the longer we kissed, the more I wanted to feel his cock buried deep in my guts.
With that in mind, I started rocking back against his cock, gaining a millimeter at a time. As he spread my inner sphincter, the burn became something I craved. I was loving the feeling of his fat head wedging its way into my hot channel. It was almost anticlimactic when he finally popped through and my ass fully embraced him.
From there I couldn't wait, so I sat up and dropped onto his cock. The first couple of times I slid onto his cock I ran into some jarring bumps that made me wince, but then his cock found the path and I was sitting with my balls against the base of his cock.
He smiled at me and said, "You look like you like that."
I said, "You can shove your big fuck stick up my ass any time you want. Consider my man pussy your property whenever you're around."
When I said that, he pulled me forward so I rose off his cock, then snapped his hips up, driving his cock back into my hole. As I let out a loud, "Oof," he said with a snarl, "Is that how you want me to fuck you, bitch?" punctuating the question with another hard thrust.
Before I could answer, he was jackhammering my ass from below and I was saying, "Ugh, ugh, ugh," with each thrust. The next thing I knew, he'd managed to flip us over without slipping out of my ass so I was on my back. I grabbed the backs of my knees and pulled them back to give him maximum access, and he drove his cock into me relentlessly. I wanted to wrap my legs around him, and I wanted to stroke my own cock, but I couldn't focus on either of those things because of the delicious feeling of his cock savaging my ass.
Owen was smiling down at me, flushed and covered by sweat so it looked like his body was glowing. I was sure people outside could hear the slap of our bodies over the sound of the concert, and I didn't care who heard me as I mindlessly chanted, "Fuck! Me! Fuck! Me!" over and over.
Then I felt my ass clench and a ripple radiated from by balls though my abs, driving my breath from me in an inarticulate, "Auugghh!" sound as my cock fired volley after volley of cum that landed on my face, my chest and the bed.
Then I wrapped my legs around Owen and urged him to keep fucking me for his own release. When he finally came, he pulled out of my ass, ripped off the condom and sprayed me with his jizz. Then he laid on me with both of our cocks still pulsing between us, feeling our combined spend coating our bodies, and we kissed hungrily until our breathing finally settled.
We drifted off to sleep then, only waking up when we heard Allie moaning next door as Jeff or Lyle's body was slapping against hers.
That night I was introduced to another aspect of Allie's group's friendship. A couple of years earlier they'd rented a resort condo for a week. One night they'd all had a little too much to drink while they were lounging in the hot tub. First bathing suits came off, then hands were busy underwater, then Karen was bouncing on Guy's lap, then Allie was bent over the side getting railed by Ryan. It turned out every one of them had a little voyeurism and a little exhibitionism in them. They ended up having sex in the living room until everyone was exhausted.
The next day after they'd sobered up, they all agreed it was hot fun and no one had any regrets. They did it again the second night with a lot less alcohol involved, and it became a regular thing on their getaway weekends and vacations. For some reason they all agreed that doing it in one of their homes would have been weird, and they none of them wanted to consider the possibility of swapping, but they looked forward to seeing and being seen whenever they took a trip together. They told Allie that Maureen and Karen had planned to bring a bag full of toys for her if she'd come on her own. They'd been a little disappointed when Allie invited me, thinking they were going to have to pass on their fun.
That's how I found myself freshly showered and naked on a sofa in the sitting room of our suite with my arm around an equally naked Allie, looking at Scott, Maureen, Karen and Guy also sitting in the nude. Even though it was after midnight, none of them looked like they wanted the party to end soon.
Karen got the ball rolling by straddling Guy's legs and shoving her perky B-cup tits in his face, holding tightly to the back of his head. While he was devouring her tits, we could see him slide a thumb into her pussy while his middle finger was probing her ass, and she was squirming around to give him full access. Maureen leaned over and started sucking Scott's cock, positioning herself so he could reach her pussy.
Allie and I started by just kissing each other and lightly running our hands over each other's bodies. She'd told me that Jeff and Lyle both tried to be sweet and tender, but there had always been that underlying thought that they were there to fuck. And the fact that they were mostly in a hurry, fitting their trysts into the breaks between bands didn't help. I wanted to make sure she had some romance this weekend.
Just as I was starting to feel real heat when I stroked near her pussy and could smell the scent of her arousal, Allie said, "Simon says make love to my tits."
I didn't see it, but I heard the other couples go quiet. When I turned towards them, they'd stopped their own love making and were looking at Allie and me. Scott was the one who asked, "What was that? What did you say?"
Allie explained, "I was feeling like I wanted my tits licked and sucked, so I said, 'Simon says make love to my tits.'"
Maureen asked, "Is that some kind of dominance game you guys play?"
Allie said, "No. Not at all. I want to please Ian and he wants to please me. Ian helped me figure out that one of the reasons why sex wasn't always great with the guys I've dated is because I was just hoping they'd figure out what I liked. He pointed out that the best way to make good sex happen is if we tell each other what we want and like."
Scott asked, "So you just do what the other person tells you to do?"
I answered, "Certainly not. I could decide that I want to eat Allie's pussy. If she isn't ready for that she could say, 'Not now.' Or, if she wants me to eat her pussy and I'm licking her clit but she wants me to stick my tongue in her cunt, she can say, 'Simon says tongue fuck my hole.'"
Allie chimed in, "If I like what he's doing, but he's not quite hitting the right spot, I can say, 'Colder,' and when he gets closer to where I want his tongue I can say, 'Hotter.'"
I leaned down to nibble on Allie's tits, concentrating on the underside that I know is sensitive. Over the next couple of minutes she steered me down to the crease of her tit and back up to swirl my tongue around her nipple before telling me to switch to her other tit. The rest of the group just watched, idly masturbating themselves and their partners.
I was lightly stroking Allie's vulva as I devoured her tits. When I felt her cum flowing down towards her ass, I abandoned her tits and turned her so her ass was on the edge of the sofa with her head and shoulders were against the back. Pushing her legs up and spreading them wide, I caught a drop of her nectar that had just run past her wrinkled hole with my tongue and then traced its path back to her pussy.
I was lapping up her girl cum when she said, "Colder," so I started licking up her slit toward her clit. She said "Colder" again, so I reversed course and started licking down between her legs. I knew she wanted me to tongue her ass, but I decided to tease her by licking and nibbling her thighs and perineum. She said "Colder" again, but I persisted in playing dumb until she said it once more in a petulant little girl voice and forcefully pushed my head lower.
I let go of her legs and spread her cheeks apart with my hands as I zeroed in on her brown star. I plastered my mouth over it, licking it and stabbing at it with my tongue. When I did, she said, "Ooh! Red hot!" and ran her fingers through my hair, placing her feet on my shoulders as if to hold me there.
Guy said, in an amazed voice, "He's licking her ass. I thought people only did that in porn movies."
Allie answered in a breathy voice, "Yeah. I thought so too. I was missing out."
Allie let me lick her for a while before she tapped my head and said, "Simon says feed me your cock."
I was dripping by then, so I happily stood and presented my cock to her open mouth. She slid her lips over my cock, taking me as deep as I knew she could comfortably, and then she sucked and tongued my cock with just the slightest in-out motion until it was tingling. She must have sensed the effect she was having because she pulled off and spent some time licking my balls and sucking them into her mouth one at a time.
When I'd had a chance to cool down a bit she moved my cock head back in front of her lips and said, "Simon says fuck my mouth."
I gave her a question look and she gave me a small nod while looking up at me with wide, trusting eyes.
I took hold of her head and thrust my cock into her mouth, trying to gage my stroke so I just hit her throat. My first stroke touched the opening of her throat, but she took it without flinching. On the second stroke I felt the opening of her throat wrapping around the tip of my head. On the third stroke my cock head was fully in her throat, and she made a distinct "gluck" sound. I could feel her hands urging me to fuck her face, so I set a moderate pace and throat fucked her until she tapped my leg again.
By then my cock was leaking a steady stream of precum and spit was streaming out of her mouth and dripping onto her tits. Her eyes were red and watery, but she had a proud smile on her face. I knelt in front of her, and taking her head in my hands I said, "That was incredible," before I devoured her mouth with a kiss.
When we broke the kiss a few moments later, Allie said, "Simon says shove that cock in my slutty little fuck hole and give it to me hard."
Without any hesitation, I lined up my cock and rammed it in balls deep, lifting her ass with my thrust. She let out an involuntary grunt and then, with a feral smile said, "Oh yeah. Pound me just like that."
I set a blistering pace, ramming her as hard as I could. There was a constant slap, slap, slap echoing through the room as our bodies came together. Allie spread her legs straight out until her feet were resting on the arms of the loveseat giving me full access to pound her cunt. She was staring intently into my eyes as she roughly twisted and pinched her nipples with one hand while she frantically rubbed her clit with the other.
I saw her eyes narrow to slits, and she was rubbing her clit for a few seconds and then stopping. I realized she was edging herself, waiting to cum with me. As I continued to slam my cock into her, she said in a low sexy growl, "Cum with me cuz! Fill your cousin's slutty hole with your cum! Fuck your cousin hard and make me cum! Give it to me cuz! Give it to me now!"
I was vaguely aware that everyone else in the room was silent. Allie was too, because as I saw her glance past me, she whispered softly, "They're all watching us. They want to see you fuck your cousin and cum in her pussy," and then in a loud voice she said, "Cum now! Cum for me!"
My balls were primed, ready to flood Allie's pussy with a torrent of cum. I felt like I was climbing and climbing but not quite reaching the top. Then Allie gave her nipple a violent pinch as she attacked her clit, sending her over the edge. Her legs were shaking, and her hips were twisting, rotating her cunt around my cock and squeezing it in a vise as she cried out, "Aughh! Augh!."
That first spasm around my cock sent me over the edge, taking my breath away as if I'd plunged over the top on a rollercoaster and I joined her chorus, yelling, "Oh! Oh fuck!"
Our motions became totally uncoordinated, jerking and spasming through our orgasms, every twist and thrust sending fresh waves of ecstasy through us. Through it all, Allie never broke eye contact, looking at me like I'd just given her the best birthday present ever.
Inevitably we both wound down and I knelt with my cock still fully embedded in Allie as I tried to catch my breath. Then she was reaching for me, and I leaned down to fold her in my arms and give her a long, soft kiss.
After a bit, Allie whispered, "Take me to bed," and I rose to my feet, lifting her in my arms and carrying her to our room. When I closed the door behind me, I could hear the others begin talking softly.
As Allie and I got ready for bed we found ourselves hovering close to each other. We stood hip to hip at one sink as we brushed our teeth, even though the luxurious bathroom had a huge vanity with two sinks. Allie leaned against my back, stroking my hips as I stood in front of the toilet to pee, and I leaned against the wall with my foot touching hers as she sat on the toilet.
When we climbed into the huge bed we shared a single pillow in the middle, lying face to face, inches apart, arms and legs tangled together. I think we had the idea we might make love one more time, because neither one of us moved to turn out the lamps. Every now and then one of us would lean forward and kiss the other, but we mostly just looked into each other's eyes. Eventually we fell asleep like that, feeling warm and loved.
Sometime later I found myself slowly drifting up out of sleep. It took me a moment to realize what was awakening me. Allie was lying there next to me with her head on my chest and one leg draped across my thighs, idly stroking my cock with her free hand.
She gave a start when I said, "Didn't get enough action today?"
She seemed to just then realize what she was doing, and she pulled her hand away with a start. Then she smiled and said, "Enough action, sure. Enough of you, no."
I rolled towards her and said, "Flatterer," as I wrapped her in my arms and leaned in to capture her lower lip in my teeth.
We kissed for a bit and I was starting to explore her body with my hands when she stopped and said, "This weekend has changed the way I think about myself."
I settled back and asked, "How so?"
Allie went on, "I've always been image conscious, afraid of not being taken seriously. I wear uptight business clothes to work so people won't think I'm trying to get by on my looks. I've always been careful about who I slept with and how much I let people know about my sex life because I don't want to be seen as an air headed bimbo, or worse yet, a slut."
I asked, "So banging two guys at the same time was your way of rebelling?"
Allie said, "I banged those two guys because in the middle of all the flirting that led up to me going off with them on Friday night, they took a sincere interest in getting to know me and what my life is like. They were asking questions about my long-term relationship goals before they ever suggested we slip off for some fun. I'd started out playing the party girl and they let me know that wasn't what they saw in me. It was really sweet."
I had to ask, "But both of them?"
Allie laughed and said, "This may come as a surprise to you, but whenever two guys are flirting with the same girl, especially when alcohol is involved, a three-way is always on the table, at least in the minds of the guys. Most horny guys would rather share than be left with blue balls. It can be tempting when you're the object of that kind of attention, but not many girls are willing to do it either because they're afraid they'll be abused, or because they're afraid word will get out and they'll be labeled as a slut."
"I sensed that I could trust Jeff and Lyle, and those cabanas don't offer that much privacy so I figured I could always yell for help if I turned out to be wrong. I knew my friends might make jokes, but I was sure they wouldn't label me. So I saw an opportunity to live out a fantasy and I took it."
I asked, "Does that have anything to do with you wanting me to face fuck you?"
Allie said, "Once I decided it was safe to be slutty with Lyle and Jeff, I asked them to help me live out some slut fantasies. That story I told you about having them take turns fucking me was just the first slutty thing I did with them. It took me a bit to get up the nerve to try deep throating them and letting them face fuck me, but when I did, they were so appreciative that it ended up being a thrill for me."
I said, "When I think of slutty things a girl can do with two guys, getting DPed comes to mind."
Allie smiled and said, "They suggested it, but I declined, although I couldn't tell them it was because I'm saving my ass for you. I tried to make it up to them by letting them both fuck my pussy at the same time. That wasn't very comfortable for me and it turned out to be awkward for them, so we aborted that and I let them spit roast me."
Somewhere in the middle of our conversation Allie had resumed stroking my dick, so I was pleasantly hard at this point. Allie leaned down and placed a kiss right on the tip of head and said, "Now what kind of slutty thing can we do with this?"
She straddled my body and laid on top of me with my cock firmly pinned under her vulva. As I looked down at her with her tits squashed against my chest, I had a clear view of her impressive cleavage. I was about to suggest a titty fuck when she said, "I think it's time I had your cock in my ass."
That got my attention. I said, "Wow.... Uh, Okay... That sounds great. But you were worried about mess and I didn't bring my stuff to clean you out. Are you okay with that?"
She said, "You told me it's usually pretty clean down there, so I'll take a chance. You're not chickening out on me, are you stud?"
I said, "No way! Be right back." as I rolled over, dumping her off me and jumping out of bed as I headed to the bathroom.
I rummaged through my toilet kit to find the bottle of lube that I always carried there and a bottle of massage oil that I'd packed in case Allie wanted a massage. Then I grabbed a big dry, fluffy towel and went back to the bedroom.
Allie had moved to the head of the bed and propped herself up against the pillows, so I was easily able to push the covers off the bottom of the bed. I asked her to lie down in the center of the bed and then I spread her legs and covered her with the towel. I'd have loved to see her naked body laid out in front of me, but I knew being warm was an important part of a relaxing massage.
Allie loves foot massages, and they're a great way to relax the whole body, so I settled in between her feet and warmed some oil in my hands before taking hold of her foot. She let out a groan as soon as I dug my thumbs into the ball of her foot, kneading the hard muscles there. As she relaxed, I moved up to drag my thumbs down her instep, gradually working my way to her heel. She started to talk but I shushed her saying, "Just focus on letting me help you relax." I finished by squeezing and pulling each of her toes, working the tiny muscles there before switching to her other foot.
By the time I finished her feet she was lying there completely limp, breathing slowly and steadily. The only signs that she wasn't asleep were the little sighs she let out every now and then.
A former girlfriend had taken a relaxation massage class once and she taught me what she'd learned about giving a good massage, admittedly out of her own selfish interests. Thanks to those lessons I was able to do a creditable job as I massaged Allie's legs, then her arms, and then her back before rubbing her upper thighs and ass.
I continued with a traditional massage as I worked on her ass, but I gradually spread her legs until I could clearly see her pussy. Then I changed so I was alternately running my fingers through her crack and then running my hands between her thighs and over her pussy mound. As I spread her ass open and dragged my fingers across her tight hole, she responded each time with a little twitch or thrust against my fingers. As my hands passed over her pussy she actively arched her hips and pressed against my fingers.
Soon my hands were stimulating her front and back and she was rocking back and forth between them. I kept that up until I heard her softly whisper, "Oh! Oh!" and a little shudder went through her body. When I felt that, I slid a pillow under her hips and laid down between her legs. Then I spread her ass with my hands, replacing my fingers with my tongue.
After a couple of delicate licks, I attacked her ass, licking, nibbling and probing with firm lips and a strong tongue. At first I felt her ass cheeks trying to clench, but as soon as my tongue circled her ass ring she was spreading and pressing back against my mouth. Very soon the slut started coming out as she told me, "Lick that fucking hole. Stick your tongue up there. Eat my dirty hole."
As I was eating her ass, I slid two fingers into her pussy and looked for her G-spot. Once I touched that rough little patch, I stroked and tickled it until she was having continuous, but frustratingly weak, orgasms. As she started trying to fuck my fingers, I pulled them out of her cunt and slowly pressed them into her ass. That made her yell, "Oh fuck!" and she lay there twitching, not sure whether she wanted to welcome those invaders or have them gone.
I gently finger fucked her ass for a bit before pulling out and squirting some lube on her hole. She sucked in her breath when she felt the cold liquid and I could see her ass ring squeeze tight. I rubbed my middle finger in the lube that was running down her crack and inserted it into her clenching hole, forcing it through the resisting ring. Allie's breath was hissing in and out until my finger was in up to the third knuckle, and then her sphincter spasmed a couple of times and surrendered.
I squirted some more lube around my finger as I gently worked it in and out, then I pulled it almost all the way out and added my index finger as I pushed back in. Her ass protested much less this time and I was soon able to add a third finger. As I fucked them in and out, I asked Allie how it felt.
"Full. Tight. Weird. Tingly."
"Does it hurt?"
"No. Not really. At first, but not now. It just feels like my muscles when I'm lifting something heavy."
I kept fucking her ass with long strokes of my fingers, adding lube as I went, until my fingers were gliding in and out and she was breathing softly in time with my thrusts. Then I lubed my cock and moved to lay on her back with my cock gliding between her ass cheeks. Kissing her on the cheek I asked, "Are you ready for the main event?"
She turned and kissed me, then said, "Simon says, fuck my slutty asshole."
Lifting up, I rubbed my cock head over her pucker a couple of times before centering it and applying light pressure. She started taking long, deep breaths and said, "Give it to me now."
Holding my cock steady with one hand, I increased the pressure, watching as her hole dimpled inward until I felt it start to open around the tip of my crown. Then I could see my head disappearing millimeter by millimeter until her ring snapped tight around my glans.
Pausing to lean down and plant a kiss on her back I said, "That's the first step," and she replied, "It's tight, but I think I like it."
Resuming the pressure, my head popped through her inner ring much more quickly and I felt myself sliding deeper and deeper as she moaned softly.
Then I felt a bump and Allie's eye's flew open. Kissing her cheek and speaking to her softly, I withdrew a bit and then began pressing in again. I hit resistance at the same spot, but I could feel that it was almost ready to let me by. One more gentle thrust and I was able to slide the rest of the way in until my pelvis was resting on her ass.
I laid down on her again, holding her in my arms and kissing her face while I let her get used to having a cock in her ass. After a bit she said, "It doesn't feel anything like I thought it would."
I asked, "Is that good? Does it feel good?"
She answered, "Nice. It feels nice. Especially with you holding me like this. But I wouldn't say it feels good."
Truth be told, I could have happily stayed just the way we were for the rest of the night, with Allie's warm body wrapped in my arms, my face nuzzled into her neck, bathed in the warm scent of her hair, my hips tight against her amazing butt and my cock deep in her hot, clutching ass. But I knew it would take more than that to convince Allie anal sex was as great as people claim, so I began slowly rocking my hips, moving in and out of her ass a fraction of an inch at a time.
As I gradually lengthened my strokes, Allie purred and said, "Feels weird, but when you pull out it feels like somethings missing and it's a relief when you push back in."
I whispered in her ear, "That's what I'd expect an ass slut to say," and put a little more energy into my next thrust.
Soon after that I felt Allie pushing back a little to meet each thrust, so I lifted up and began stroking in and out the full length of my cock. She was meeting me each time with a casual roll of her hips, and I could hear her breathing change. I asked her again, "Does it feel good?"
"It's starting to. I feel a little tingle in my pussy every time you push into me."
I was glad for having cum so many times that day because it allowed me to give her a long, leisurely fuck at whatever pace she wanted. As I picked up the pace it felt like we needed more lube, so I pulled out and reached for the lube, drawing a complaining groan from Allie.
After I lubed my cock and worked some more lube into her ass with my fingers, I pretended to put the lube back on the night stand, but instead I grabbed my phone. I took a series of photos showing my cock next to her hole, my cock entering her, and my cock next to her slightly gaping hole when I pulled out again. I thought Allie might like to see that from my point of view.
With the added lube I was gliding smoothly in and out of Allie's ass, going a little faster and harder than before, causing a nice tingle in my cock. She seemed to like it too, because she was pushing back harder, and soon she rose up on her hands and knees to push back and meet me thrust for thrust.
I could see in the mirror that her nipples were rock hard, and I could tell just by the smell that her pussy was soaked. Without prompting she said, "I'm really starting to like this."
Hearing that, I took hold of her hips and began slamming my cock into her ass. She arched her back as she kept pushing back against me, letting out a grunt each time my balls smacked into her.
When she started mumbling, "Oh fuck. Oh wow," over and over I reached between her legs and spanked her clit a couple of times before rubbing it with two fingers. She covered my hand with hers for a moment and then started twisting and pulling her nipples. Seconds later she was shouting in amazement, "I'm cumming from ass fucking! You're fucking my ass! Keep fucking me!" as I felt her ring spasming around my cock.
She was cumming for over a minute before her arms gave out and she collapsed to the bed, literally falling off my cock. I was getting close by then, so I started wanking my cock as I roughly turned her over and straddled her body with my cock pointed at her face.
I said, "You had your fun, now I'm going to have my fun spraying your face," just as I erupted with a streamer of cum that covered one side of her face from chin to eyebrow. The next blast covered her mouth and nose, and the final shot painted her lips and chin.
I took a picture of her face just as she opened her eyes and then I kissed her cum covered lips. We spent a lot of time cleaning her face, her scooping up cum with her fingers and me licking it off, not because there was that much cum, but because we had to kiss and share every drop that went into our mouths. When her face was clean and we were just kissing, she pulled the covers up and we fell back to sleep in each other's arms once again.
The next morning we were greeted by Karen, who'd heard Allie's opinion of anal sex before, saying, "Ass fucking? Another new frontier?"
I think we both looked a little sheepish as we studiously avoided making eye contact with anyone until we were all seated for breakfast and the conversation had moved on to other topics.
The concert ran from eleven to five that day. Owen and I got together once for a leisurely sixty-nine. Afterwards we traded numbers, but he told me he probably wouldn't call because he'd just started seeing someone. They'd had a couple of dates, and he really liked the guy, so he wanted to see where it would go. Allie hung out with just Jeff, and Lyle seemed okay with it. They only snuck off once, and Allie looked a little starstruck when they came back.
The VIP area had been staffed by five people at all times, with a total of a dozen people rotating in and out. At the end of the weekend I saw Scott get together with one of the players and one of the movie stars, and when they separated, I saw the football player walk away with a thick stack of hundreds that he handed to the group of attendants working just then. Allie found out from Maureen that they'd tipped the staff a thousand dollars each. As far as any of us could tell the rich kids didn't give them anything, even though they'd worked twice as hard on their side trying to keep it habitable.
On the drive home, Allie couldn't stop talking about Jeff. She told me she liked Lyle who was definitely the more creative and adventurous of the two, but the flip side of that was he still had a bit of a frat boy mentality. She said Jeff was steadier and more mature, and he was the one who dug in and asked questions about her. She admitted she would have been scared to be alone with Lyle if Jeff weren't there to calm his worst instincts.
She said that when she'd gone off with Jeff that afternoon he'd been almost as tender and loving as me. I tend to believe she added "almost" for my benefit. They had their first date not long after we returned home and it went well. He's a super guy who treats her like a queen and now they're engaged.
She told him about her and me and he thinks it's kind of hot. She invited both of us for dinner not long after that, and after we'd eaten, she asked the two of us to give her her first DP, which she loved. We get together every now and then for a threesome, but she's a one-man woman now and the two of them are determined to find a soulmate for me.
As for Owen, he called and said he'd like to have me as a friend, with or without benefits, but he could tell that I like guys for sex and girls for romance. So we hang out from time to time, and he leaves me tickets for every home game. It'll be a bummer if the trade rumors come true.