Don
Friday night
He made sure to shave as carefully as he could after he'd finished his shower. He didn't need any cuts on his face tonight and was already as nervous as he'd been in a long time. After styling his hair and putting on a minimal amount of cologne, he went to find something suitable to wear. Thumbing through his closet, he swore quietly.
"Shoulda had Jessie pick something out," he muttered to the modestly sized selection of button-down shirts.
As he perused the selection, he tried to dismiss the worries roaming around in his head about screwing the evening up. Was all this effort really worth it? He could end up hurting someone else, and he was just then coming to terms with the incident with Jessie. He still felt like a complete piece of shit for what had gone down between them.
He wanted to be able to blame her completely. For one, she'd been relentless in her teasing and obvious attempts to get a reaction out of him. Multiple times she'd told him that she'd be happy to give him a blowjob or maybe let him jerk off to her. The moment that she'd found out that he was aroused just by the mere presence of her, it seemed to have started a never-ending series of sexual teasing and outright begging for him to use her. Not to mention the fact that she was the sexiest woman that had shown him any interest in him in a very long time.
Still, he knew that what he'd doneshouldhave been unforgivable. He'd thought that she would come to her senses and hate him, and he wouldn't have blamed her. Even when she didn't, he'd was convinced that his son would, but he'd been wrong about that as well.
Jessie herself had talked to him that very night and had somehow convinced him that it was all going to be okay, even telling him that it was mostly her own fault. In the end she'd told him that she was okay with what had gone down between them.
She was as baffling to him as she was gorgeous.
For a whilehefelt like he deserved to be locked up and forgotten. When she told him that Dex was okay with own father hauling his girlfriend off the counter and fucking her brains out, he'd been stunned. What's more, she'd convinced him to do it again that same night.
That had to make it okay, right?
He honestly didn't know anymore. In the times that he'd been tempted, even begged by her and had managed to decline, it had taken everything within him to do so. He continued to feel like a complete shit for weeks after that, though Jessie was as happy and flirtatious as she'd always been. He'd forced himself on her, and she was still an absolute delight to be around.
To tell the truth, the last couple of months had been the most fun that he'd had since his wife had died. He knew for a fact that she was the reason for it. Between her cleaning naked, trying like hell to get him to let her suck his dick or to fuck her again, and the couple of times that he'd been around her roommate Donna, Don's life had been far more exciting the moment she stepped into it.
The second time that he'd let things get too out-of-hand, Jessie had spent the entire night in his bed. He told himself that he was helping Dex and Jessie both for the reasons that they'd given. Deep down, though, he'd known that he'dreallywanted it to happen again. God help him, he did.
Once you'd been with the little succubus it was damn near impossible to get her out of your head, especially when she was pleading to let her take care of you. She had so many talents in that regard, it was unbelievable.
The young vixen was incredible at giving head, of that there was no doubt. He'd only been able to enjoy her skills during the night that they'd spent together, but that had been enough to tell him all he needed to know. She seemed to know every trick and skill there was to sucking dick. The sheer joy she seemed to take from it was something he knew was an extreme rarity in women.
Oral sex wasn't her only gift though, and he could vividly recall the way her juicy little pussy had felt when they'd been together. It was tight, thoroughly soaked each time he'd had the pleasure of fucking it and felt incredible when it was contracting down on him in an orgasm. Even when he was fucking her, it seemed like she was intent on making him have more pleasure than she was, and each little thing she did seemed to be geared toward that goal. Her emphatic moans and encouraging whispers in his ears, her hands pulling his hips down harder and harder, even her legs as they wrapped around him when he was plunging in and out; every action had seemed to be begging him to have as powerful an orgasm as he was capable of.
He would chuckle to himself each time he thought about one of the times that they'd had sex, but then immediately regretted letting it happen at all. After a while, he got to where he was determined not to let it happen again.
And so, each morning he would wake up and go stand in front of his mirror. He'd look into it and tell the bastard staring back at him, "never again." It felt silly, of course, but it had worked so far, especially since she'd never stopped her attempts to make sure he was sexually satisfied.
He didn't hold it against her, though. It was just who she was, and he understood that.
Jessie was a large part of the reason that he'd started actively trying to meet a woman. Sure, he was lonely and figured that it was time he saw what was out there, but he felt sure that having another woman around would also help convince the young minx that he was doing okay. He didn't need anyone to worry about his sex life but himself.
He'd initially had some high hopes about finding a good woman to be with. There were lots that seemed at least somewhat interested in him. But unfortunately, the few dates that he'd been on ranged from mediocre to outright laughable. He'd almost gotten to the point that he was ready to throw in the towel.
All of that changed when he started talking with Candy. Even just from texts alone, he could sense that she was a different story altogether.
Apparently, she was the mother of one of the girls that had been at Dexter's party, though he honestly wasn't clear which one she was the mother of. Her daughter and Jessie had conspired to set them up with each other's phone numbers and after texting steadily for a few days, he'd gotten to the point where he'd thought about asking her out to dinner. Before he could work up the nerve though, she asked him if they were even going to meet in person.
So, that's how he found himself in his current predicament. He was steadily approaching 50 and standing in his closet wondering what to wear out on a date with a woman that he hadn't seen or verbally spoken to. He began to wonder if he was crazy for doing this.
After ten more minutes, he finally decided on an ensemble. After putting it on, he left to go and pick her up for dinner. As he walked up toward the door, he saw her step out and smile as she came toward him. He was immediately taken with how beautiful she was. Urging himself to keep it cool and not make himself look like an idiot, he tried his best to do just that. It turned out to be a complete failure.
"Hi," he began. "I'm gorgeous. You must be..." He stammered to a halt as he realized what he'd said, then closed his eyes in embarrassment.
Without missing a beat, Candy burst out laughing and put her hand on his shoulder, almost as if she needed to have help staying upright from laughing so hard at his bone-headedness. From that point on, he'd felt like a kid on the first day of school.
"Hi, gorgeous," she said, highly amused. "That... was adorable."
"Can I try that again?" he asked, shaking his head in embarrassment
"Not for anything in the world," she told him, and he took comfort in the sight of her genuine smile.
Still blushing, he walked her to the car and opened the door for her, then went around to his side quietly hating himself. Taking another deep breath before opening his own door, he steadied himself in an attempt to regain his composure.
The drive to the restaurant that they'd chosen was short, but they were already conversing easily with each other on the drive over. After they parked and went in, Candy asked the hostess if it was possible for them to be seated where they would be able to talk and not be disturbed. The girl did her best to find them a table in a secluded part of the restaurant, and Don quickly became quite taken with his date. They talked a bit up until they ordered drinks, then conversation just started again to flow freely between the two. He began to feel a real connection with her and was dumbstruck at how easy it was to converse.
She was incredible. A single mother with two daughters, she'd been married and divorced twice, but neither of her ex-husband's were in the picture anymore. Obviously intelligent, she was a talented conversationalist and made him feel like they could talk about anything. She was naturally blonde and on the shorter side, but that was right up his alley. He also didn't mind admitting that she had an outstanding rack, and more than once had been caught staring at the ample cleavage she'd put on display. It wasn't that she had huge breasts or anything. They were actually rather average in size. What they lacked in volume, though, they made up for in perkiness.
"I feel like I should apologize for my straying eyes," he said, a few moments after being caught looking at the alluring flesh for the second time. "It's been a long time since I've been out with someone as gorgeous as you."
Candy smiled and waved the apology away with one hand. "I didn't wear this for you not to notice, Don," she said. "I take it as a compliment."
He smiled and fell easily back into the conversation.
After dinner was over with, he walked her to his truck and was about to open the door when she turned and gazed at him, an expectant look in her eyes. Realizing what was coming next, he began to get nervous.
"I noticed that you haven't asked me if you can see me again," she said.
"Oh, I thought that was a given," he said. He was trying to sound suave, but immediately felt foolish.
She erupted into laughs and clutched her stomach as he blushed. "I like you, Don," she said after a few seconds of laughing. "I'm glad my daughter set us up."
"Me too," he said. "Can I see you again?"
"I thought that was a given," she replied with a wink.
He laughed, then prepared himself to either give her a hug or a smile and a wave. He didn't want to push for a kiss and make her think he was just in it for sex.
She obviously didn't share his concern.
She brought her hands up to his chest and gave him that tell-tale look that he suddenly recognized, then leaned in and closed her eyes. Quick to respond, he closed his own and leaned down to meet her lips for the kiss. Sadly though, he missed her lips a bit and ended up half-off to the side. The slip-up caused her to erupt into giggles again.
"God, you're adorable," she said, looking up at him after a few seconds of rampant giggling.
He was blushing and couldn't really think of anything that would help him save in that moment, but she managed to save them both a few seconds later. Bringing both hands up to his face, she pulled him down for a soft, sensual kiss. Since he'd been expecting a quick peck on the lips, he was surprised to feel her lips part for a moment and then close once more against his. It was over a split-second later, leaving him feeling a little light-headed.
"Mmm," she said, smiling up at him. "Tall, handsome, and a good kisser," she said.
He laughed, shaking his head. "You're incredible."
She smiled, then kissed him again before stepping back and holding her hand up to his chest. "That's all you get until you call or text me again, mister."
Don smiled, chuckling as he stood there not moving.
"Ugh, fine," she said, and leaned in again, kissing him then laughing and stepping back. "I really do need to stop before I embarrass myself anymore," she said, her face blushing slightly.
Don's head was swimming, and he was having trouble focusing.
"You know," she said as she adopted a pensive look. "It's still pretty early and you're a lot of fun. Can we go back to your place and watch a movie or something?"
His eyes grew wide, and she laughed once more.
"I'm not implying sex," she clarified, playfully swatting his shoulder. "I told you; no more kisses until you text me again."
He immediately pulled out his phone and unlocked it, then started typing a message to her. She burst out laughing and covered her face for a moment. "I guess I set myself up for that one," she said.
He smiled, then tossed his phone back in his pocket. "My place is fine," he said. "I'm sure we can find something to watch."
She squeezed his hands happily and turned to hop into the truck.
***
Back at the house, he gave Candy a tour before they settled in the living room and turned on the TV.
"Can I get you a drink?" he offered.
"I'll take a beer if you have one," she said, surprising him yet again.
"Sure," he replied, then went and fetched a couple from the kitchen.
She'd found the TV control and he smiled at the sight of her making herself comfortable on the couch and flipping through the channels. She settled on an 80's movie and patted the spot beside her as he came back to sit down, beers in hand.
"Here you go," he said, handing her one.
The movie was about half over, but she was much more interested in snuggling up to him and cuddling anyway. True to her word though, she didn't try and kiss him again. She wasn't opposed to holding his hand, though, and more than once brought it over to her lap to clutch at it with both of her own.
They talked some more, but mostly just enjoyed each other's company and only sparingly watched the movie. By the time it ended, he was already looking forward to the next time he was going to get to see her.
"I have to say... it's been a long time since I've had a date this nice," he said after she turned to look at him.
"I know what you mean," she agreed quietly. "I keep expecting one of us to scare the other off and ruin it."
"Me too," he said with a chuckle.
"If I'm being honest, I don't want it to end," she said, blushing slightly.
"I didn't expect anything more than a hug or a smile after dinner," Don said. "I don't want to rush things with you."
He must have said the perfect thing, because she smiled widely and nodded just before she leaned in and kissed him again. This time it lingered, her tongue sliding softly against his as she pulled at his shirt.
"Mmm..." she said, breaking the kiss a few seconds later. "You'resucha good kisser. It's making it hard for me to behave myself."
"Well then stop kissin' me!" he said playfully, eliciting a delightful sound laugh.
"Don't wanna," she protested, and kissed him again.
Breaking it the second time, she sighed and sat back, then looked up at him. "If you want, I guess you can drive me home now. I can't promise that I won't kiss you more, though."
Taking a chance, he pulled her waist a bit, drawing her in and kissing her again. She whimpered excitingly, the sound betraying her surprise and approval of him taking the initiative. Tongues pushed together, warmth and wetness sliding between the two. She turned a little more toward him and leaned in, one hand going to his chest and the other straying to his belt. Her fingers began to pull at the clasp when they heard the sound of keys in the lock at the front door.
Both looked at each other and sat back upright, amused expressions coming to each of them.
"That must be one of my boys," he explained
She sighed, the took a deep breath before standing and offering him a hand up. "I can't wait to continue this some time," she said, and kissed him a final time before heading toward the kitchen, his hand in hers.
As they reached the archway that led from the living room to the kitchen, Don and Candy both froze. Jessie and Dexter were stumbling inside but hadn't noticed the two of them yet.
Dexter spun his girlfriend around quickly and pushed her into the kitchen, his hand moving to grip a clump her hair roughly. She didn't look like she disliked her hair being pulled, though, and had looked up to see the two of them staring.
"Hi, Papa," she said as Dexter pushed her forward to the counter and forced a moan from her. As they watched, Dexter reached up and roughly gripped Jessie's exposed breast, her dress having been torn open in the front.
He stammered something in greeting but didn't exactly know what he'd said.
"Sorry," Jessie said through an audible moan. "We couldn't control ourselves."
"Hey guys!" Candy said, her reaction to the situation much different than Don's.
He couldn't focus, his attention on how delicious Jessie looked in that moment and the visceral eroticism of the encounter. He was vaguely aware of Candy talking with Jessie while Dexter continued what he was doing.
"Come on, handsome," Candy said, drawing his attention as she grabbed his arm again. "We better leave these two alone before we get swept up in the fun."
A few more seconds of foreplay ensued before Candy pulled him through the kitchen to the front door while calling out for Jessie and Dexter to have fun.
Outside, she burst out laughing as Don stood in embarrassed silence.
"I..." he stammered, trying to find the right combination of words to explain what the hell that was.
"Let's go get a drink and talk," she suggested, looping her arm in his and heading for his truck. "I know a place near my house."
Surprised that she wasn't offended, Don took a few seconds to register what she'd said as they walked. After opening her door to let her in, he hopped in on his side and pulled out. They talked idly while she gave him directions. Pulling into the moderately packed parking lot, he found a spot and they hopped out.
He liked that she let him open the door for her, and even more when she slid her hand in his once they'd entered. Finding a table, they ordered a couple of beers when the waitress came up, and conversation seemed to halt while they waited for their drinks. After the young woman dropped off their drinks, he took a swig and cleared his throat, but she spoke first.
"Erin was right about those two," she said, leaning into him a bit. "Jessie and Dexter," she clarified.
"Oh?" he asked.
"She said that Jessie was an unapologetic flirt and that Dex was really good looking, just like his father." As she spoke, she looked up at his face with a fire smoldering in her gorgeous green eyes.
Don couldn't help himself and blushed a bit, then chuckled and shook his head as she snickered. He recovered quickly though and looked back at her.
"So that's why you wanted to go out with me, then?" he asked raising a single eyebrow at her.
"Because you're sexy?" she asked playfully. "No, but it certainly didn't hurt things."
"Ha," he told her. "So that scene in my kitchen just now didn't bother you?"
She snickered. "My own kids are known to do similar things," she shrugged. "Well, Erin is at least. She and her boyfriend have an interesting relationship."
She took another drink before continuing. "But no, Don, it didn't bother me. I probably shouldn't say this... but you have me pretty turned on and that little display we witnessed didn't help things."
"Oh really?" he asked, then lifted her chin and planted a kiss on her soft, red lips.
"Mmm," she whispered after he broke the embrace a few moments later. "You're not playing fair."
With a laugh, he sat back a bit and looked back at her happily.
"I'm just glad that I don't have to apologize for those two," he said.
Candy waved the thought away, then smiled and slid even closer. "So... should we have the talk?"
Don frowned, glancing down at her. "The talk?"
She nodded. "Deal breakers."
"Oh," he said. "Uh... sure."
"It's not too soon, right?" she confirmed.
"Nah," he said.
"I just... I really had a good time and I'm sensing that you did too," she revealed. "I haven't had a date this nice in a very long time and my guts are telling me that it's too good to be true."
Don chuckled. "I know how you feel. I keep expecting something to fail."
She kissed him again, sending happy little impulses dancing and cavorting through him.
"So..." she prompted. "Shall I go first?"
"Sure," he said.
"Okay..." she replied. "Well, besides the obvious: you're not a criminal and you've got a stable job."
He chuckled. "I'm not a criminal and I'm happily well-off."
"Good," she said. "Well, then... you're not racist, homophobic, transphobic, or anything?"
"Nope," he replied, amused at her line of questioning.
"Good," she said, rewarding him with another kiss, then left her arms around his neck. "I can't really think of anything else at the moment, though maybe it's because I'm only wanting to really do one thing right now."
He kissed her again and pulled her tight, a delightful moan of pleasure coming from her as he did so. She broke the kiss a second later and pushed him back, scowling playfully.
"Quick... tell me some of your dealbreakers," she said.
"Hrmm..." he said, pausing to think. "Well... are you crazy?"
"Rarely," she admitted. "Keep going."
"We've covered the lying and the hate," he said.
"I'll always be honest with you and I'm definitely not a hateful person," she said, biting her bottom lip.
"Mmm... so... I guess that's it," he said. "Wanna go out again?"
She smiled widely and kissed him. "Yes," she said. "When?"
"As soon as possible," he said with a chuckle.
"Come on," she bade, sliding from the seat and reaching for his hand.
Don quickly dropped a twenty on the table for the waitress and took Candy's hand, letting her lead him from the bar.
Back in the truck, she immediately leaned over the console and turned his face toward her as he was starting the engine. Her lips felt incredible on his as they pressed together wetly, the warmth of her tongue tantalizing as it probed against his.
"Mmm... no," she groaned, sitting back. "No... no... no... bad girl," she muttered.
Don looked over at her in amusement. "Troubles?" he asked.
She sighed deeply and nodded. "I've got really naughty thoughts running through my head."
He smiled and reached over to take her hand. "I promise not to push," he said. "I've waited this long. I can wait longer."
"You're not pushing," she replied. "But I do appreciate that you're such a good guy."
"Home then?" he asked. "The sooner I get you there, the sooner I get to see you again."
She giggled and rolled her eyes. "That sounds good. I can't promise that the kiss good night is going to be 'G' rated."
"What happened to no more kisses until I text you again?" he asked.
"Totally your fault," she said. "You shouldn't be so damn handsome."
With another chuckle, he put the truck in reverse and slowly pulled out of the lot.
***
Pulling up to the house, he hopped out and walked her to the door, her hand automatically sliding into his. Turning as they reached the door, she pulled him down for a kiss. That turned into her pulling him back to slide into the door as they made out like teenagers. Eventually, she broke the kiss and put a hand on his chest.
"If... I promise to behave myself... would you consider coming in for a few minutes?" she asked, looking up at him innocently.
He smiled and brushed a lock of blonde hair from her face. He really wanted to go in with her. She was sexy, beautiful, and obviously wanted him to. Why shouldn't he? Situations like this weren't likely to happen often for him, in his opinion. He quickly decided to seize the opportunity before he did something to spoil it.
"I'll come inside... as long as you understand that I'm not just looking for sex," he said.
"I know," she said, smiling genuinely at him. Kissing him again, she turned to unlock the door. As she pushed it open, though, the two of them were immediately greeted by loud moans and cries of pleasure from somewhere inside. She immediately shut the door again and turned back to face him, blushing intensely.
He looked at her with a mixture off surprise and amusement. "Impromptu orgy going on in there?" he asked.
"God," she said, leaning her forehead into his chest. "I'm so embarrassed!"
He pulled her face back up and kissed her, then silently stared into her eyes. "I'm going to see you again soon," he promised.
"You better," she said, pulling herself tightly against him. "Thank you for a fun evening."
"I had an amazing time," he told her.
"One last kiss?" she asked, looking up at him with a hopeful expression.
With a chuckle, he leaned down and kissed her, pulling her tight and feeling her melt against him.
"I better hear from you soon," she said. "I mean... I know I should be playing this cool and not getting my hopes up... but... you better call me."
"Count on it," he said, smiling warmly. "I'll call you tomorrow if that's okay."
"I mean... it's not tonight... but I guess it'll do," she told him, then smiled happily. "I'll talk to you soon," she said, turning and opening the door. Moans and cries of pleasure escaped in the few seconds it took for her to rush inside and shut the door.
Practically dancing to the truck, he got in and drove home, humming a tune and not even trying to wipe the grin off his face.
*****
Jessie
"Maybe I should sneak out of here when you go to sleep," she ventured, her lips scrunched up in thought. "That way, I could say I'm sorry properly. I'd have your brother's cum in my ass, your cum in my pussy, and your dad's in my mouth. I'd be totally set!"
"You could," Dex replied without missing a beat. "The only problem with that is that he told you to behave yourself around him."
"Boo," she said, rolling her eyes. "That's just so boring."
"I'm not saying you need to," he pointed out. "I'm just saying thathetold you to behave yourself."
She traced a finger along his naked chest playfully. "So... if I were to wait up for him and try to convince him to let me apologize my way..."
"If he lets you, then I'm good with it," he said. "Just brush your teeth before you kiss me again."
She burst out laughing then playfully slapped his chest.
"Honestly though," Dex said, "I don't think he'll be down for it. You're welcome to give it a shot, though."
"You're probably right," she said. "He hasn't responded very much to my flirting lately, and now that Jack is back in the house..."
Dex nodded. "Yeah, there's that too." He looked up and offered a conciliatory smile. "I'm sorry babe."
Giggling, she looked back up at him and shrugged. "It's not like I'm not going to try my best. You know how persuasive I can be."
"Just... try not to get too physical with dad if my brother is around, you know?" Dex asked. "He's not used to you yet."
"What if I can convince him to?" she asked playfully.
Dex shrugged. "I just let him fuck you in the ass, honey. I think I'm good with you giving him head if he's okay with it. I just don't want it to get any weirder for the men in this house."
"Don't suck anyone's cock in front of another family member," she said, and nodded firmly. "Got it."
He chuckled quietly before pulling her close to him and giving her a passionate kiss. "Have fun," he whispered. "I'm beat... and I'm going to sleep."
"Okay," she said, smiling happily at him in the dim light. "I love you."
"Love you," he said, shuffling around in the bed and pulling the covers up.
Silently sliding from the covers, she crept from the room and down the stairs to wait.
***
After taking the opportunity to straighten up the kitchen, she went to the living room and turned on the TV to wait. Finding something to keep her occupied, she got up and went over to snag a blanket to shield her from the chill of the house.
Just before midnight, she heard the door open and looked over, prepared to beckon Don into the living room so they could talk. It wasn't him, though.
Jack came through the front door and the kitchen but paused at the stairs. She waited as his footsteps grew closer before his face appeared, poking around the doorframe and spying her immediately.
"Oh... hey," he said, offering a wave.
"Hi Jack!" she said happily. "Have fun after you left Dex and I?"
"Meh," he said with a shrug. "It was okay, I guess. No luck with the ladies."
"Aww," she said sympathetically. "I guess it's good that you got lucky earlier then," she said, smirking at him.
"Yeah..." he replied with a chuckle.
"Want to join me and watch some TV?" she asked.
"Nah, I'm pretty beat," he said with a shrug. "You good?"
"Yep," she said with a smile. "Dex and I came home and wore each other out. He's upstairs sleeping now."
"Ah... right," he said. "Well... night, Jessie."
"Night, Jack," she said with a slight wave.
Another twenty minutes went by, and she was just about to call it a night and head back upstairs when Don finally made it home. He was obviously trying to be quiet when he came in but peeked into the living room as soon as he heard the noise from the TV.
"Oh... hey Jessie," he said.
"Wait... who?" she asked, frowning at him.
"Oops," he said with a chuckle. "Spitfire."
"That's better," she said. "Come tell me how it went!"
He paused briefly in the doorway, but then joined her on the couch.
Listening attentively as he talked about what they did and how the date went, she couldn't stop herself from laughing when he told her how he'd flubbed the initial greeting. She only interrupted him when he got to the part about her and Dex.
"Yeah..." she said, giggling at him. "I'm really sorry about that, Papa."
"Candy didn't seem to mind, actually," he confessed. "We went to a bar after we left here and talked it out."
"Still, though..." she said, and subtly let the blanket fall from one shoulder as she leaned over, revealing her nudity. "I'm sorry that we put you in that position."
Don looked down automatically as her naked breast came into view.
"Did you guys get to play any?" she asked, reaching up and dropping the blanket from her other shoulder.
He chuckled and shook his head. "No, and no..." he said, reaching over and pulling the blanket back up, "I don't need you to take care of me."
She frowned. "You're no fun at all."
He laughed, then fixed her with a questioning stare. "Did you stay up late just to see if I wanted to have sex with you?"
She smirked for a moment before giving him her best innocent look. "Of course not, silly! Dex doesn't let anyone else but him have my pussy anymore, remember?"
He sighed, raising a single eyebrow at her.
"I was just gonna offer to suck your dick, honest!" she protested.
"Oh... right... well, that makes it okay then," he replied with a chuckle.
"Really?" she asked, smiling hopefully.
"Good night, Spitfire," he said, standing.
She stood up as well, letting the blanket drop as she stepped up and hugged him.
"Night Papa," she said. "I'm glad that you and Candy had a nice time."
"Me too," he murmured, gently stroking her back.
Retiring upstairs, both returned to their respective rooms without further incident.
***
Snoring greeted her when she woke up the next morning, and though she'd only slept about six hours, she practically leapt out of bed with renewed energy.
"Morning," Dex muttered grumpily as she danced naked around the room and sang cheerfully.
"Morning, baby!" she said. "Did you sleep well?"
"Awesome," he said flatly, not moving.
With a giggle, she slapped him on the ass, eliciting a grunt as she turned and danced from the room. Humming to herself, she went to Dex's bathroom without bothering to dress, and took a few minutes to do her morning duties. After finishing those and brushing her teeth, she saw Jack step in through the door and stop.
"Oh... sorry." His eyes lingered on her nude form for a few seconds.
"For what?" she asked.
He looked at her as if the answer were obvious.
"You can come in," she said. "I'm just about done."
"Uh... thanks." He didn't move, though, and continued to wait at the door.
She turned after rinsing her mouth and rolled her eyes. "Jack..."
"I'll wait," he said, waving his hand dismissively.
"You've had your cock in my mouth and my ass..." she pointed out.
"Yeah..." he said, though he didn't move from his spot.
"Suit yourself," she said with a shrug, and resumed humming.
After taking a second to clean up sink and put her toothbrush away, she purposefully dropped a hand towel on the ground.
"Oops," she said, covering her mouth and looking over at him. "How clumsy of me!"
Turning away from him, she bent over to pick it up. Keeping her knees straight as she leaned over, she intentionally took her time grabbing the towel before slowly standing up straight. Looking at him again, she saw that he'd undoubtedly watched her show, but was disappointed that he still hadn't moved.
"All done," she said, walking over toward him. Pausing as she reached him, she turned and made sure that she was uncomfortably close. "Is that from me?" she asked, gesturing to his obvious erection.
"Morning wood," he said, smirking at her.
"I'm pretty sure that you know a good spot to put things like that," she said. Turning around to illustrate the point, she put her hands on the other side of the door frame and poked her rump out at him.
"Jesus..." he said. She almost squealed in delight when he turned and started to reach for her hips. He stopped just before his hands made contact though and pulled them back as if he'd been burned.
"You know... you don't have to fuck my ass if that's not what you want," she said, spinning around. "What about a blowjob? Or... you can just jerk off and cum in my mouth!"
She saw that his was fully erect at this point and reached out to touch his cock. He side-stepped before she could, though, and immediately turned on the water to the shower.
"I'll take that as a no then," she said with a frown. "By the looks of things though, I'd make that a cold shower."
"Oh... it is..." he said, still facing away.
"You'll get used to me," she said with a giggle, then and left the room.
As she'd expected, Dex was still being a lazy butt when she got back to his room. Scowling, she went over and smacked him on his ass again, eliciting another grunt of protest.
"Come on already!" she said. "I'm hungry."
He sighed deeply and slowly turned over, wiping the sleep from his eyes.
"Morning," he said.
"We've already done 'good morning,' silly," she said. "Let's go get breakfast."
He groaned, forcing himself up and yawning deeply. He looked up after a few seconds and sighed when she smiled at him again.
"Why did I have to fall in love with a morning person," he sighed, rubbing his eyes again.
"Cuz I'm irresistible!" she announced and twirled around to start getting dressed.
***
Twenty minutes later she'd finally gotten him up and dressed, and they were headed to go get breakfast together. Pulling into a fast-food place, they hopped out and went inside.
"So... did you have any adventures after I zonked out last night?" he asked as they sat across from each other and ate.
"Not really," she said. "I saw Jack when he came home, but he looked weirded out so I left him alone."
"I appreciate that," Dex said. "Just... give him time."
She smiled and nodded. "I tried to get flirty with him this morning, but he elected to take a cold shower instead. I got to apologize to your dad last night, but he declined my other offer."
Dex chuckled in amusement. "Well... I'm sure you'll have plenty of time today to get flirty with folks. Speaking of," he said, taking a drink. "What are our plans?"
"Ugh," she said, sighing. "That's really up in the air now. Alec and Erin want to hang out, but Donna is also doing something."
"I guess we'll just play it by ear?" he asked.
"I guess," she said. "We can head over and check in with them after this, if you like."
"Sure," he said.
"Oh... I also told her that I'd ask you to not have sex with Daisy," she said.
"I wasn't planning on it," he said with a chuckle. "You're the one that makes all that happen."
"Oh, whatever!" she protested. "I'm pretty sure that size of your cock is also to blame."
"Mmm... yep, it's my dick's fault," he said then looked down into his lap for a moment. "Bad dick."
"You know what I mean," she said, snickering. "You rope these helpless girls in with your good looks and before they know what hit them, big-ass-dick."
"Ha!" he scoffed. "It certainly doesn't have anything to do with my girlfriend's scheming."
She knew there was no use denying it. "Just please do me a favor and..."
"Babe... I'm not going to sleep with Daisy," he assured her. "No matter how sexy she is," he added.
Jessie giggled. "She seems so... pent-up too," she added. "That night that I sucked off Jack in the parking lot, she pinned me up against a random car when we were going back inside and kissed me after I had swallowed his cum."
He didn't immediately respond, so she looked up and saw him with a curious expression on his face.
"What?" she asked.
"Just trying to figure out if I'm supposed to be turned on by that or not," he said, then grinned cheekily.
"I'd bet money that you are." She smirked at him as he chuckled and resumed eating.
"I was just so scandalized when I heard about you flirting with him in the bathroom this morning." She looked up and rolled her eyes at him.
"It was barely flirting at all," she said. "I was naked, of course, and just bent over in front of him."
"Mmmhmm," he said, his tone illustrating his disbelief.
"Well... I may have told him that he knew a spot that he could put his dick... and may have turned around for him to do so..." she admitted. "But that's it!"
"And he didn't go for it?" he asked, giving her a look of irritation.
"Nope!" she said, giggling at him.
"Bastard," he said, and pulled out his phone.
"What are you doing?" she asked as he began texting. He finished typing and sent the message, then showed it to her.
It read, "Listen here you sumbitch, Jessie told me about the bathroom this morning."
"Dexter!" she cried.
"He's going to know that I'm kidding," he explained.
A few seconds later a reply came through. Dex read it first, chuckled, then handed her the phone.
"Dude... she's so hot... but it just feels wrong."
"Aww, he thinks I'm hot," she said, giggling at Dex when he looked at her incredulously.
"He needs to lighten up," he said, shaking his head. "I don't know what to tell him."
She smirked, then flashed a mischievous look at him after an idea popped into her head.
"What?" he asked suspiciously.
"Give me his number," she said. "I'll handle it."
Briefly giving a her a suspicious look, he eventually shrugged and gave her Jack's number.
She added it to her contacts and opened up a text message.
"Don't worry so much." She sent the text message off, then smiled at Dex.
"Who is this?" he responded.
"You had your cock in my ass last night," she replied.
"Hi Jessie," he replied after a long pause.
She giggled and showed Dex the progress she'd made. He rewarded her efforts with a laugh and a resigned sigh.
*****
Dex
A little later, he was following Jessie into the apartment and Tyson was the first person that he saw. An immediate frown came to the other guy's face and Dex could only sigh at the unwarranted hostility.
"Hey there," Tyson said, leering at Jessie as she stepped up to give him a hug.
"Hey, Tyson!" she answered cheerfully.
Dex felt like laughing as the douche looked up at him while hugging her, as if that were something that he'd get upset at.
"Hey, Jessie!" Jason said, standing and coming around the couch upon seeing that she was giving out hugs.
"Hi cutie!" she answered happily, squeezing him as he stepped close to embrace her.
Tyson had stepped back as Jessie pushed past him, and Jason immediately came over to shake Dex's hand as their hug broke.
"Hey Dex!" Jason said happily. "How are ya?"
"Good, man," Dex replied. The young man seemed genuinely happy to see him, not just Jessie, and Dex silently decided to let him have more time with Jessie if possible.
"Is that sexy Dexy!" John called out, emerging from Donna's bedroom with the girls following behind. "Hey Smurfette!" he yelled, reaching down and picking Jessie up easily as she cackled and smacked his arms.
On it went, Jessie excitedly hugging each of the people in the apartment as if it had been months since she'd seen them last, and Dex following behind and shaking hands or giving hugs.
"Hi Dex," Daisy said, flashing him an endearing smile as she hugged him.
He was tempted to smirk at Tyson the way he'd done before but resisted. It was enough knowing that the guy's girlfriend was thirsting for him a bit.
Donna was last, and as Jessie finished hugging her and broke into conversation with the other girls, Dex dismissed the notion of a hug and grabbed her by the hand. Leading her into her bedroom, he shut the door behind them and immediately pressed her up against the door, his body molding against hers.
"Mmmph," she whimpered, kissing him feverishly and pulling him tight up against her.
He pushed his tongue between her lips, feeling a rush of electricity as they parted to accept him. Her own tongue ran along the length of his, her lips squeezing as she gently sucked. One hand grabbed his and pulled it up to her breast, inviting him to squeeze the supple flesh. Her other hand pulled at his hips a moment, then slid between them and slipped into his jeans to grip his slowly swelling cock.
He broke the kiss and stepped back, pulling her hand back out. "I just wanted to make sure that you and I were okay," he explained, seeing her frown for a second then slowly start to advance on him.
"I'm not," she said. "But I will be when you fuck me again," she quickly added as he matched her advance by holding up a hand to stop her.
"Jessie told me what she promised you," he said.
She stopped pushing against his palm and looked up at him.
"You don't have to worry about anything between Daisy and me," he continued, pushing her hand away and moving back up close to her. "I think you and I both know that I'm never really the one that starts anything like that. It's usually Jessie."
Donna nodded, still silent.
"So, stop being grumpy and don't worry," he said, smiling and hoping to elicit the same response from her.
"I can't help it," she said, sighing. "I... I guess I was jealous."
"You don't need to be," he told her. "Okay?"
She nodded slowly and dropped her gaze to the floor. "I'm sorry," she said at length. "I've been such a bitch."
He chuckled and kissed her again. "It's fine," he said. "I just needed to make sure you knew that I wasn't going to try and do anything with your sister."
"Thank you," she said quietly, then slowly looked back up at him.
He raised an eyebrow at her as she gave him a sultry stare and began to drop slowly to her knees, her eyes never leaving him. Even when she was kneeling and undoing his pants, she kept staring.
"Donna..." he said, amused. "I don't think this is the time..."
"I was bad and bitchy," she protested. "I need to say 'I'm sorry' properly."
She took his dick into her mouth a healthy length and held it firmly between her lips. Her eyes closed as she held it there, a low, her satisfied moan vibrating his flesh as she sucked and rubbed her tongue along the underside.
"You don't need to apologize," Dex said, but didn't move to pull her off. "We came over to see what the plan was for tonight."
The door opened then, and John came in grinning as he saw what was going on.
"Hell yeah," he said. "Make her pay, man! She's been a real bitch lately."
As he spoke, he stepped up beside Dex and put his hand on the back of his girlfriend's head, pushing her hard against Dex's crotch. Donna gagged but didn't fight, instead wriggling her head back and forth as her boyfriend forced her deeper onto Dex's cock.
Dex grunted, enjoying the way her mouth and tongue felt as she slurped and sucked on his length. John worked his pants open and freed his own, but Donna reached up and roughly gripped his balls instead of turning to take him into her mouth or stroke him.
"Fuck," he grunted as she squeezed, glaring up at him until he let go and held his arms up in the air.
Dex felt her slide back off his cock and groaned in pleasure as streamers of slime pulled from her mouth and dripped onto her shirt. Turning to glare at her boyfriend, she squeezed his cock and balls even tighter and made him collapse to the ground.
"No one invited you, dickless," she snapped.
John groaned weakly but Dex was shocked to see his hands staying up out of the way as Donna punished him. Perplexingly, she leaned over while still squeezing and took her boyfriend's cockhead into her mouth. Watching in mild horror, he saw her teeth appear for a moment as she bit down.
"Fuck!" John grunted, reaching down for a second to grab her head but then yanking his hand back up out of the way.
All at once, she let go of his poor testicles and sat back, scowling angrily at him. "I told you I'd take care of this later," she spat venomously.
John grunted weakly and turned to his side, clutching at his injured groin.
"I didn't hear you," she barked loudly.
Dex glanced up, seeing Daisy and Jessie poking their heads around the corner for a second. He held his hands out in bewilderment and quickly began to put his cock away. Both girls laughed and disappeared as Donna looked back over to him.
"Nooooo..." she protested, reaching up to try and move his hands out of the way.
"Donna," Dex laughed, still fighting her off. "Stop."
She frowned, but reluctantly dropped her hands to her sides.
"I'll take care of you tonight, I promise," he said. "We have to figure stuff out first."
She sighed hard, staring up at him like she was being punished. Turning, she leaned over and punched John squarely in the balls.
"Oogh... Fuck!" John grunted, rolling over to his stomach.
"You see what you did!" she snarled.
Dex moved past her as she knee-walked over closer to her boyfriend, an angry glare still on her face. She slid over on top of him while he was groaning and clutching at his nuts, but then perplexingly started kissing his cheek and neck. Knowing that he should leave while he still could, Dex moved out of the room and shut the door behind him, joining the others in the living room.
"Everything okay in there?" Debbie asked, a knowing grin on her face.
Dex gave her an uneasy look and took a seat in an empty spot next to Debbie and her wife. Jessie was on the other couch, sitting next to Jason, with Daisy sitting on Tyson's lap in John's recliner.
"Those two are crazy," he said, looking over at Jessie as she grinned in amusement. The others in the room burst out in laughter, except for Tyson, whom Dex saw roll his eyes and look away.
A few minutes later, John emerged grinning like an idiot, Donna clutching at him as if she hadn't just been biting his dick and punching him repeatedly in the balls. She gave him a lingering kiss before slapping him in the face and shoving him back a few steps.
"Fuck off me," she said, grinning mischievously and then plopping herself down on Dex's lap.
"Fuckin' bitch," John grinned, sliding down on the other side of Jessie and still clutching his balls.
The group sighed collectively and shook their heads.
"So... what's the plan tonight?" Jessie asked.
"Well... my family is heading back home tomorrow," Donna said, turning to look at Dex and adopting a sad expression. "So... I was hoping that we could throw a party."
He raised an eyebrow as she pouted at him. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"I have a favor to ask," she informed him. It was clear to him now that she was trying to be as endearing and adorable as she could, and he frowned in response to the epiphany.
"What?" he asked flatly.
"Do you think your dad would mind if we had a little thing at his house tonight?" she purred.
"Is that it?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.
"Well... yes..." she said, giggling and blushing a bit. "I thought it would be a bigger deal than it is, I guess."
"I don't think he'll mind," he said with a chuckle. "I'll check with him and let you know."
After sliding her from his lap, Dex excused himself and gave his dad a call. As he'd expected, he didn't care at all, as long as it didn't get too out of hand. After thanking him and hanging up, Dex went back to the same spot on the couch.
"We're good to go," he said. "We just can't let it get too crazy."
"Are we still going to go shopping?" Natalie asked. "I want to go back to try on that dress one last time."
"Sure," Donna said, turning to regard her. "Whenever you like."
It was quickly decided that the shopping trip should happen sooner rather than later, and the girls quickly got up and started getting ready to leave. For whatever reason, Tyson decided that he needed to go, too, though Dex couldn't think of anything he'd rather do less than go shopping.
John was given the task of getting the necessary alcohol and party supplies, and only protested a little before Donna gave him a wad of cash from her purse.
The five were gone within thirty minutes, leaving Dex, John, Jason, and Jessie back in the apartment. The TV was turned up a bit, and the four talked and joked while they watched football.
After a while, it was a bit obvious that Jason was focusing on Jessie more than the game or anyone else, not that Dex could blame the guy. He knew what a big deal it would have been to him if he'd been able to screw around with a girl like Jessie at his age.
He was trying to figure out a way to go about letting him have more fun without being too obvious about it, but nothing seemed to come to mind. He certainly didn't want to embarrass the guy.
"So... uhm," Jason muttered, nervously looking over at Dex, then back at Jessie.
Dex smiled to himself and looked over.
"I... uh... wanted to say..." he stammered, his nervousness getting the better of him for a moment and making him clear his throat. "I mean... I needed to... thank you," he said, looking at both of them again.
"For what?" Dex asked, though he knew exactly what the poor guy was referring to.
"Uhm... you know... when you and Jessie..." he stammered.
"He means eating my pussy," Jessie said with a grin. "You liked it?" she asked, smiling at him sweetly.
"Oh... um... yeah," he said. "I just... wanted to say thanks for letting..."
She smiled, patting his leg comfortingly.
"Don't mention it," Dex said. "Did you learn a lot?"
Jason smiled widely and nodded. "Tons," he added. "I can't wait to uh... try it again," he finished. "On another girl," he added quicky.
"What's wrong with her?" Dex asked, nodding at Jessie. She was all smiles and giggles by then.
"Oh... nothing... I didn't... that is..." he stammered.
Dex chuckled as he saw the guy's hands shaking a bit.
"Relax man," Dex bade him. "You can ask her if she'll let you try again."
Jason grinned widely, then tried to conceal it as he looked over at Jessie inquisitively.
"Of course, you can!" she gushed, immediately standing and stripping off her shorts and panties. She kicked them away, then looked down at him. "Do you want my top off?"
"Y...yeah..." he said quickly. "If... you know... you don't mind, that is."
"Don't be silly!" she said, rolling her eyes as she yanked her shirt and bra off. "Would you like to do it right here, or on the cabinet again?"
"Um... wherever," he replied, still sounding nervous.
She plopped down on the couch next to John again and spread her legs a bit, her finger sliding down to tickle her clit a few times as Jason ogled her. With that inviting display, it only took a few seconds for him to move between her knees and lean in. She scooted down on the couch to give him better access and nodded as he looked up at her again.
"Go ahead, cutie," she said, then looked over at Dex with a mischievous grin.
The young man smiled widely and leaned down, his lips latching fully against her snatch.
"Atta boy," John said with a wide grin. "Get that shit." He took up Jason's old spot right next to her and reached over to pinch her nipples while Jason went to work.
Dex laughed, then moved over to the couch and sat on the other side of his girlfriend. As he reached over to join John in caressing her breasts and pinching her nipples, Jessie stroked the young man's hair and whispered quiet instructions.
For only his second attempt, he seemed to be really getting the hang of it and had Jessie squirming in only a few minutes. John was clearly enjoying the show and was visibly stroking his cock, though he had yet to take it out of his shorts. She saw him jerking off next to her and snickered.
"You two like seeing me all splayed out like this, don't you?" she asked, caressing Jason's hair after looking back down.
"Sexy little thing," John grinned.
Dex felt his own arousal building and moved his hand over to pull her knee up more. The move spread her leg wider and caused a fresh moan to crawl from her lips. John joined him in holding the other knee, and the two pulled her legs wider and opened her delicious looking little pussy for the young man.
"Mmm... I think I might have to take care of your cocks when this is over," she said through groans of pleasure.
John grinned wider but didn't reply before she started to cum. As she cried out in pleasure, she looked up at Dex intensely for a few seconds before her eyes were forced closed by the orgasm. She reached down and pushed Jason's face back after a few seconds, his energetic licking and noisy slurping ceasing immediately as he looked up in surprise.
"She's too sensitive," John explained. "You ain't hurtin' her none."
Obvious relief shown on his face then, and he sat back on his heels to watch the sexy show of Jessie enjoying her orgasm. After a recovering, she sat up and gave him an affectionate kiss on the lips.
"Mmm... thank you," she moaned as she sat back. "Do that to a girl and you'll have a girlfriend in no time."
Jason was all smiles as he watched for a few seconds, then reached back up and started to idly play with her pussy.
"You've never done anything like this?" Dex asked.
"Nope," Jason answered with a wide smile. "I certainly didn't expect to be doing this when I came down to visit," he said. "Now I've done it twice!"
"You haven't gotten to do anything else with a girl?" Jessie asked, flashing a smile at Dex.
"Well, I've made out with a couple," the young man clarified. "I had my hand up a couple of shirts, but never anything like this before. I honestly thought I'd get a blowjob before I'd eat a girl out."
"Would you like me to give you your first blowjob?" she asked and flashed another quick smile at Dex.
"Uh... oh... I... no..." Jason stammered.
"Are you sure?" she asked. "I'm happy to and I know that Dex won't mind."
"Um..." Jason said.
"Just do it," John urged, and laughed at the young man. "Sit your ass down here and let her knock one out for you."
"Come on, honey," Jessie purred as she slid down to her knees in front of him, her hand sliding to caress his bulge. "I promise you'll like it."
"Shit, you gonna be blowing in seconds with this expert," John guffawed. "She's gonna suck your soul right the fuck outta your body!"
Jason looked briefly at Dex, who offered him an encouraging grin, then moved into the spot that Jessie had been in.
"If he comes early, then I'll just play with it until he's hard again," she said, smirking at John.
Turning, she smiled at Jason again, then had him stand back up and pull down his shorts and boxers.
"Mmm," she said, reaching out and grabbing the young man's cock after he'd sat back down. "If you're too nervous, we can ask these other two to leave the room," she said, gently stroking him.
Dex chuckled as the young man shook his head, already looking like he was close to blowing his load.
"Goody," she said. "I'm better with an audience anyway!"
With that, she leaned up into his lap and lowered her lips to his cock, her head pushing down snug into his crotch as he groaned and fell back onto the cushions of the couch.
Dex was already sporting a modest erection from watching the delightful squirming his girlfriend had been doing while Jason had been eating her pussy. Watching her enthusiastically start sucking the young guy off was just more wood for the fire. She seemed to know that both he and John were enjoying themselves and was arching her back sexily during the blowjob.
"Don't worry if you cum in two seconds," Dex said, and reached over to spank her on the ass. "We both know how good she is."
Jessie giggled as her head bobbed in Jason's lap, his groans of pleasure growing louder and becoming quicker. It was no surprise, given her level of skill, that Jason's orgasm didn't take long for her to achieve. She squealed in surprise a few seconds later, then moaned happily and started to swallow. Each audible gulp was followed with an adorable little moan, a sexy morsel of arousal that let everyone know how much she was enjoying what was happening.
"There it is!" John called out, still grinning like an idiot.
She glanced over at Dex as Jason's cock was pulsing between her lips, a playful glint in her eyes. When she'd finished swallowing, she slid her lips a few more times up and down his cock before she sat back and looked up happily.
"Thank you!" she said, licking her lips and smacking them. "I never mind when a guy cums quickly. It gives me my snack that much faster."
"Wow," Jason grunted, grinning weakly as she leaned back over and sucked the head of his cock a few more times.
"Told you she was good," John grinned. "I love her talented little mouth."
She sat back, then turned toward Dex as he watched her licking her lips and swallowing the remnants of Jason's load.
"Can I suck your cock too, baby?" she asked. "I haven't nearly gotten enough cum yet."
To Dex it sounded like she was asking him a huge favor, the expression on her face almost ridiculously hopeful.
"If you weren't going to offer, I might have had to take matters into my own hands and pull you over here," he said with a wink.
Jason was still recovering as Jessie started to stroke Dex's cock after freeing it from his jeans. Dex saw him glance over, the young man's eyes widening in shock for a few seconds. He haphazardly tried to stand and put his cock away at the same time, but she frowned and clucked her tongue at him in disappointment.
"You're taking my newest toy away so soon?" she said, sounding hurt.
"Oh... uh... I figured you and..." he stammered, nodding over to Dex.
"Sit down and watch her work," John suggested. "It's like watching a porn when she's suckin' onthatbig-ass hog."
Jason laughed nervously and settled back down, something that delighted Jessie greatly.
After a few happy claps, she slid between Dex's legs and gripped his steadily swelling cock with both hands.
"Big sumbitch," John commented, grinning as he gazed over at the scene. "Now you know why my Donna is all over that bastard."
Jason chuckled appropriately, but Dex could see that he didn't really want to picture his sister in any sexual manner. Jessie seemed to be able to sense that too, and quickly moved up and kissed the underside of Dex's cockhead as the three guys watched her.
"I appreciate the chance to... learn... all this stuff," Jason said as Jessie moved her top lip up and over the head of Dex's cock.
"Jessie and Dex are pretty unique," John said. "You're not often gonna find a girl like Jessie or a dude that's as understanding as Dex is."
"Dude... you let me fuck your girlfriend," Dex countered. "We're not allthatdifferent."
"Yeah, but my shit is different," John replied. "I like the embarrassment and being cucked. You just... let Jessie be who she is and don't restrain her."
Jessie moaned softly, Dex's crown nestled safely in her warm, wet mouth.
"Fuck," Dex grunted, enjoying the sensation. "True enough, I guess," he conceded. "I like letting her be herself."
"Point is," John continued, looking briefly at Jason. "If you have any questions or anything, now's the time for 'em."
Jason nodded, then actually cleared his throat to speak. It seemed that he did have something to ask.
"Is it... like... common... for girls to give head?" he asked haltingly.
"Depends," John replied. "Really just depends on the girl. Some I've dated just hated it and never wanted to do it. Some just did it to pay a fella back for munchin' puss. Some really don't mind it all that much and will suck a dick on occasion."
"I'm guessing that last group is Jessie?" Jason asked.
"Hell no," John said with a laugh. "Jessie's in the very last group; the extremely rare girl that craves havin' a dick to suck."
Dex grinned as Jessie nodded, though she kept her lips locked around the crown of his cock while she stroked him with both hands.
"You ain't gonna find many girls like her," John continued. "In fact, to get most girls to do something like this..." he said, gesturing to the four them. "They'd have to be pretty fuckin' lit. This is just another day for her."
Jessie scowled playfully at him, briefly sliding her lips from around Dex's dick. "Don't be jealous," she said. "I'll get to you soon enough." She looked over at Jason. "I really do love giving head. There's something about it that just makes me happy. Plus, I'm lucky enough to have a boyfriend that lets me play as much as I want. But they aren't wrong; you're not likely to find a girl that likes it as much as I do."
Jason frowned in disappointment.
"But that doesn't mean you'll be stuck with a girl that doesn't suck cock," she added quickly. "Most girls I know do."
She turned and took Dex back into her mouth.
"So... this isn't weird for you?" Jason asked, glancing at Dex after a watching Jessie work on him a bit.
"In the beginning it was weird," Dex admitted. "You tend to get used to it with Jessie, though."
"Yeah," John agreed. "But I can see how all this shit would be weird to other folks. Still... it's nice to be able to just walk up and shove my dick in her mouth now."
"I'm glad to see that your cock still works after what Donna was doing to it," she said, winking over at Dex.
"Shit, you can't keep my little guy down for long," he said, standing. "I better take it for a test run, though!"
"I told you I'd get to you in a bit," she said as he stood up.
He couldn't believe how hot it was watching her being a little whore. He felt his cock throbbinghardin her grasp as she gingerly stroked him. The knowledge that she'd just swallowed down another guy's spunk was intensely exciting. She was looking up at John in amusement as he stroked his cock in front of her, but then looked back at Dex with a smirk when she felt the pulsing flesh.
He realized that she knew how much he was enjoying her being slutty from how hard his cock was in the moment and how intensely it was pulsing in her tight little grip.
"You know that it's not fair to have a cock out in front of me like that," she said, grinning provocatively at Dex, but then turning back to look at John. "A slut like me just can't stand not having it in my mouth!"
Dex grunted as she squeezed his fiercely throbbing cock, a sigh of approval sneaking from her lips when she looked back at him for a few moments.
"Give me that," she said, turning and reaching up for John's cock with one hand. "Poor guy," she said with a frown, leaning over to plant a kiss right on his mushroom head. "I can't believe she was being so mean to you."
She slid the cock inside her mouth as Dex watched, her hand briefly ceasing the methodical stroking of his shaft.
"Fuuuuck... there's that fuckin' mouth," John grunted, resting his hand on the back of her head.
"Mmm," Jessie said, sliding her lips off and looking at his cock intently. "There's one of my favorite toys! I'm glad it's working right! I was..."
John pulled at the back of her head, his other hand moving to the base of his cock and guiding the crown back into Jessie's mouth before she was finished speaking.
Dex saw that his girlfriend's response to the John shoving his cock back into her mouth was to take it as deep as she could.
"Dirty little slut,"he thought.
He throbbed hard in her hand as lascivious thoughts about his girlfriend salivating and pleasuring a dozen different cocks filled his head. She stroked again, her fingers passing over his crown and spreading the pre-cum over the head and down the shaft. After a few seconds of taking John into her mouth, she turned and looked up at Dex while she took a few breaths.
"You're going to have to stand so I can take care of more than just one at a time, baby," she purred.
Dex grinned and stood, pushing the head up to her lips and sighing in pleasure as it slid inside. The warm embrace of her moist lips and tongue lovingly caressing and sliding along his length felt incredible, and he moved his hand to the back of her head encouragingly. Immediately, she quickened the pace of her lips sliding back and forth the length of his cock.
Pulling his hand back, he watched as she took his cock a few more times, then turned and took John's back into her mouth. He rubbed the head on her cheek a bit as her head bobbed at John's crotch, her wavy hair bouncing from the impacts of his thrusts. Her hand quickly slid back around his cock and began to stroke, and he was genuinely impressed with her skill at stroking him and sucking another guy off at the same time.
"Mmmph," she moaned as John plunged in and out.
She looked up at Dex more than a few times while John was face-fucking her. Each time she would whimper and moan when she saw him staring back down intensely. She turned toward him after a minute and unflinchingly took his cock back into her mouth once again. He pushed against her throat a few times, a sudden cry of arousal morphing to a thick gag from the head of his cock clogging her throat. Cradling the back of her head against his crotch, he thrust a few more times into her lips and listened to the pleasing sound of her throat working to accept him. Her warmth and wetness always felt incredible and today was no exception.
"That's it," he grunted as she enthusiastically sucked his pistoning cock. "You like being used like this, don't you?"
She whimpered and nodded emphatically as he thrust against her face. He let go again and watched as John took control, his hand yanking her around to face him as he pushed back inside. After a few more thrusts, John let go and she slid back, taking a few breaths.
"Come here," she said, wiggling a finger at Jason. Dex looked over and saw that the young man was hard again. "You're not going to get to keep that thing away from me like that," she said, beckoning him over with one hand, then moving it back over to grip Dex's throbbing shaft.
Hesitantly, Jason stood up in front of her. She took the lead again, leaning forward and taking him effortlessly, a pair of moans erupting from the two of them.
"This is crazy," he groaned as Jessie's head bobbed back and forth on his erection.
"Little slut loves being used," John said, turning her head back to him.
She wrapped her lips around his cock without protest, her head moving in time with his hip thrusts. She quickly backed off though, looking up at him with a smirk.
"You three might have to learn to share my mouth," she said, and turned back to take Dex into her mouth again.
He felt her forcing her lips further than she had before, his cock head pushing at the warm, tender flesh at the back of her throat. Her eyes were locked on him, boring into him as she wiggled in place and enthusiastically pushed even harder against him.
"You love being a slut, don't you?" he grunted, and she immediately forced herself harder onto his cock in response.
"Filthy little cunt," he said quietly, caressing her cheek as he stared down.
She nodded as best as she could as she stared up at him lovingly, both hands moving up to stroke the other two guys. Jerking her head back, she took a deep breath before looking up at all three.
"I want all your cum in my mouth," she said, her words sounding like a plea, then leaned over and took John back in for a few strokes, then Jason, then Dex.
Each time a cock entered her lips, her hands would move to the recently freed shaft and begin stroking. Jason even started to get more comfortable with grabbing her head and forcing himself deeper in.
After a few trade-offs, she looked up at Dex while still stroking the other two. "You should probably get a few pics of me like this, don't you think?"
"Good idea," he said, then thought,"you dirty little slut."
Grabbing his phone, he forced himself to focus as Jessie took his cock into her mouth without pause. He unlocked it and opened up the camera app, then had to steady himself as she started to force her head against him fiercely. She managed to get him deeper than before and held him there for several breaths. He felt the tight wetness of her throat strict around his shaft before a thick gag signaled her ripping his cock free. She paused briefly to catch her breath as he held the phone up. Streamers of saliva hung from her lips and tongue, dribbling down and coating her naked breasts, her nipples hard as rocks. He took a picture of his beloved girlfriend looking like a filthy slut.
Turning quickly, she took Jason into her mouth and feverishly worked on him a few seconds. Dex snapped another picture, then another as she switched over to John. He needed to get something sluttier though, and grinned as he suddenly had an idea.
"Everyone put your dicks in her face," he said. "She needs a shot of her with all three just about to fill her mouth."
Jessie nodded excitedly, then turned her face upward. Her mouth opened as John and Jason got closer together and pushed their dicks towards her. She grinned and slicked her tongue along the underside of one, then the other as Dex pushed his own into frame.
"Alright, look at me," he said, wanting her to hold still and stop her oral playtime for two seconds.
A few more playful licks and sucks followed, of course, but she finally held still as all three guys pushed their dicks as close together as they were willing to get. Dex snapped a few pics and grinned, sliding his phone back into his pocket.
Seeing that he was done, Jessie immediately took John back into her mouth, moaning in pleasure as he grabbed a handful of her hair again and pulled her snug. She immediately went back to stroking Dex and Jason while she worked on him with her mouth and tongue, then switched once again.
John was the first of them to get close and grunted out a warning to Jessie. She immediately dropped her hands from the other two shafts and focused solely on him. He was grunting like a beast and thrusting against her lips while she groaned happily. When he'd finished dumping his load into her greedy little mouth, he staggered back and slumped down to the couch. She grinned and turned to look at Jason, who was stroking himself in place of her hand. She looked up expectantly at him and held her mouth open. Dex could see the pearly white goo pooled inside and felt his own orgasm fast approaching at the sight. She glanced over at Dex, mischief in her eyes again and slathered her tongue around in her mouth at him. Cum pooled and oozed around the pink flesh, then dribbled out in brief streams from her lips as she played and provoked him.
"Jesus," Jason grunted, moving up and dipping the head of his cock just barely into Jessie's open mouth. He stroked swiftly, then cried out as he started to cum.
Dex stroked faster as he watched his girlfriend clamp her lips down on the other head, her moans of pleasure an appropriate soundtrack for the lewd sight. Jason twitched in place a few times, then pulled his diminishing cock from her lips as she turned and looked up at Dex. She opened her mouth again as she looked up, her tongue sliding around in the pearly goo and sloshing it around.
"Dirty girl," he grunted.
He'd held out against his girlfriend's slutting as long as he could by that point. His cock was frighteningly erect and throbbing intensely. He groaned weakly as she ran the crown along her lips while staring adoringly up at him, the pool of cum in her mouth noticeably larger than before. His arousal reached the point of no return as he stroked faster, her adorable face staring up at him with streams of cum slithering down from her lips.
He moaned as his orgasm slammed into him and began pumping great bursts of warm spunk into his girlfriend's half-filled mouth. Her lips slid over the head as he burst again and again into her mouth, and he saw a satisfied expression come to her. She moaned but kept sucking, her eyes briefly widening in surprise as he continued to pump again and again into her mouth.
Finally, he stopped cumming and staggered back a bit. The move pulled the head of his cock from her lips, and he watched as she retrieved his phone and held it up to him. Knowing what she wanted, he quickly snapped a few more pics before she finally closed her mouth and swallowed. Several streamers of cum had slipped from her mouth, sliding down the sides of her cheeks and chin.
He staggered back and slumped to the couch behind him, then watched as she diligently slid her fingers along the long rivers of cum that had escaped her lips, pushing them back into her mouth where they were swallowed down. Eventually she leaned over and sucked the head of his cock again, slurping noisily and swallowing what she could find.
Knee-walking over to Jason, she leaned over and did the same to him without hesitation, sucking the diminished cock into her mouth and working to get him clean as well. John was last, but she was no less thorough with her task.
Finally satisfied, she sat back on her heels and smiled widely at the three.
"That was so good," she gushed. "Thank you for letting me play guys." As she finished, she looked at Dex for several intense moments.
"You're welcome," he said, holding her gaze.
"I'm gonna shower if you aren't going to pound my pussy or anything in the next few minutes," she said, grinning at him deviously.
Dex nodded, then forced himself up with some effort.
"Actually, I think I might go ahead and head back home," he said.
"Right now?" she asked, frowning pitifully.
"Yeah," he confirmed. "I need a nap and I should start cleaning up the house for tonight."
"Okay," she said, still pouting for a second before grinning up at him. "I don't think you want me to kiss you goodbye though."
He smirked and shook his head. "I'll just take one when you get your sexy little ass over to my place."
"I won't be long," she said, smiling at him.
"See you in a bit, love," he said, winking at her.
She waved playfully and went to the bathroom. Dex put himself back together and turned to wave at Jason and John but saw them both laying quiet and still on the couch. Chuckling, he turned and left the apartment.
*****
Jessie
She let the water get a little warmer before stepping in, the cool air of the apartment sending a chill down her spine before she warmed up. With a giggle of happiness, she thought about the events that had transpired. The day had been absolutely delightful so far, and judging by the way things were going, she figured that the rest was going to be just as fun.
She'd been happy to let Jason practice going down on her and had even been surprised at how much better he was getting at it. He was still a novice, but he seemed to take to the task without the normal uncertainty and hesitation that other guys did. Of course, her experience was relatively limited when it came to guys going down on her. Most of her dates before Dex involved her sucking a cock and then being dropped off at her apartment. Guys that actually wanted to go down on her were few and far between.
Her first had been her brother Jake, of course. Their fun had originally just been her sucking his cock and learning everything she could about it. At one point she asked him what 'sixty-nine' meant, and he opted to show her instead of just trying to explain it. Every so often at that, Jake would insist that she let him eat her pussy, but she always insisted that he do it while she was blowing him. That's really all she wanted to do anyway.
Jason's technique was still raw, but the enthusiastic way he licked her pussy was extremely effective. At first, he latched fully onto her, his tongue plunging inside and wiggling around. She gently coached him to where he needed to focus and added a few tips every so often. Before long, he had her squirming under his touch, a pleasant orgasm washing over her and giving him look of pride and accomplishment as he watched her cum.
Dex's reaction had been wonderful, though. He'd been happily watching the young man devour her pussy from a few inches away and had even helped hold her leg up. The second that John had pinched her nipple she'd wanted Dex to join in at the other one. The arousal she'd felt when he finally did had been intense and pushed her orgasm even closer.
She felt her nipples hardening in the warm water, her body tingling at the memories.
After Jason had given her an orgasm, she'd been hoping that he would let her give him his first blowjob. She knew that Dex would enjoy seeing her work on the young man and had every intention of sucking his cock as soon as she was finished with the other.
John pulling his cock out during Jason's pussy-eating lesson was hard enough for her to resist. If Dex had had his own out during that part, she didn't think she would have been able to stop herself from turning the pussy eating into a blowjob session.
Though the water in the shower had washed away the cum that had been dripping down her cheeks and neck, she could still taste its succulence on her tongue. Sighing as she felt her pussy throb at the flavor, she reached up and pinched both of her nipples, sending impulses of delight racing through her.
John's cock in her mouth was certainly nothing new, though she certainly didn't mind taking care of him. His pleasure was almost an afterthought to her that afternoon.
Dex was always her first concern, but he was happily enjoying her being raunchy for him. She could see that his cock was swelling each time she glanced over between bobs of her head. She'd had to force herself not to switch from the young man to her boyfriend several times, and actually felt the urge to apologize to Jason for being distracted during her duties.
The young man was next in line in the order of her priorities. She took pride in her blowjob skills, and she certainly wanted to give him the very best that she could. Dex's lusty stares and dirty talk had been such a distraction though.
She slid a hand up and dipped a finger into her mouth, wishing that she still had some cum trapped inside to play with. Sucking gently, she slid it back down between her legs, then teased it across her clit.
Once Jason had let her have his yummy load of cum, she'd been determined to get one from Dex. Standing there in the shower playing with herself, she felt a quiver race down her body when she thought about Dex telling her that he would have made her suck him off if she hadn't offered.
"Fuck," she whispered and leaned against the tile for a moment. She had to cease stroking the tip of her finger across her engorged clit as she enjoyed the sensation.
She couldn't believe that she'd actually been able to give three blowjobs at the same time. Dex had been much more deliberate, and she was enamored of his dirty talk. Calling her a slut, a filthy whore, and a dirty girl had been the icing on the cake. She could feel her pussy getting more and more soaked while the boys took turns using her mouth.
It was when she'd been teasing John about sucking him off that she'd felt how intensely Dex's cock was throbbing in her hand. Each time she slid her lips or fingers around one, she felt him pulsing from the sight of what she was doing.
Her pussy had been aching for attention throughout the delightfully deviant act. Each time Dex hammered his perfect cock harder and harder into her mouth, she could feel her sex pulsing with need. Even when she had her lips locked tight around one of the other ones, the pounding intensity of his erection made her pussy shudder with need.
She eased two fingers into her pussy, stroking in and imagining that it was Dex taking what was his. Whimpering weakly, she moved a hand back to her ass and eased a single digit inside. Her boyfriend's intense expression filled her head as she pictured him throwing her to the ground and slamming his cock in again and again.
Swallowing cum had become second nature to her, so when John and Jason had finished in her mouth, it took a lot for her to keep from doing just that. She'd felt how intensely aroused her baby was and wanted him to lose all control from the perverse sight of his girlfriend with a huge load of yummy spunk in her mouth.
As soon as it was clear to her that he was close, everything else had faded away. She'd prepared herself for the possibility of him hammering his cock deep into her throat, but he'd been content to simply jerk off into her mouth. She hadn't cared at all. Her pussy had been screaming at her for attention, but she forced herself to ignore it when he'd finally began to gift her her hard-earned reward.
She groaned as shivers of bliss cavorted through her, her fingers steadily plunging in and out of both holes. She'd never felt such a need to cum before. Every time before had been almost incidental. Now though... it was more than just a demand her pussy was making.
Shehadto cum.
The bathroom door was open, as usual, and she heard someone enter. Not caring who it was, she opened the curtain and saw John standing at the toilet relieving himself. Still fingering her pussy, she peered out at him as he glanced over and chuckled at the sight of her.
He finished quickly and started back toward the door, but she grabbed his hand and pulled him toward her.
"You want a shower buddy?" he asked.
"Get in here," she groaned, sliding her hand back to her pussy and driving her fingers back inside.
He grinned, stripping quickly and stepping inside after reaching over to shut the door. He wasn't hard yet, but she knew that it was only a matter of time before he was.
"Damn Jess," he said, staring at her nude, wet form as she plunged her fingers again and again into her pussy.
She didn't answer, just turned around and leaned into the wall. Sticking her ass out at him, she whimpered in protest when he didn't immediately push inside.
Dex's cock filled her mind, and she saw herself kneeling on all fours while he hammered it into her. She pictured his brother Jack joining them, his cock pushing into her mouth while Dex took her ass.
John's cock pushed at her rosebud, and she whined in happiness at his long-awaited entrance. She imagined that it was Dex forcing himself into her, fantasizing that she'd done something extremely naughty and forcing him to act.
The cock slid into her ass, and she felt his hands grip her hips tightly, his fingers taking purchase in the flesh there. Shivers of electricity raced through her as visions of her boyfriend fucking her relentlessly filled her head. She imagined it was his hands on her hips, yanking her roughly back as his cock drove again and again into her ass. The idea that he'd caught her doing something nasty with a stranger filled her head, and she clawed at the wall as she fantasized about Dex punishing her for her rule breaking.
An orgasm slammed into her suddenly, startling her with how intense and powerful it was. She felt John slide free and collapsed to the shower floor as wave after wave of energy rolled through her. She cried out again and again in defeat as the orgasm drove her to a new level of consciousness.
It took a good five minutes for her to recover and be able to start to stand again. John was standing in the shower stream washing himself when she looked up. He rinsed off quickly and reached down to help, then guided her from the shower on shaky legs. After wrapping a towel around himself, he grabbed one for her and went about drying her off.
"Just what you needed?" he asked, turning off the water a minute later.
She nodded as she started to come back to her senses. "Thank you," she said, grinning happily.
He helped her dry off and helped her to her room. She sat on the bed for a few minutes, still trying to recover, but then felt the need to take a power nap. She wanted to go and see Dex but figured he could wait for a few more minutes while she recovered.
Laying down, she promptly fell asleep.
***
After Donna's family came home and woke her up, Jessie went to get dressed for the party, though it took a little longer than expected since the rest of the girls started to do the same thing and they only had one bathroom. The nap had been just what she'd needed to recharge, but she was still reeling from how intensely aroused she'd been earlier. John had been there just when she'd needed it, and she was thankful that he had been.
Donna had insisted that even though swimming was going to be allowed, folks were going to have to stay dressed for it. In response, Jessie had reluctantly put her tiniest bikini on in lieu of bra and panties, then slipped a cute short and top set on over it. After that, she let Natalie do her hair, and it occurred to her that she was leaving the cleaning up to her boyfriend. Immediately she knew that she needed to go and make sure he'd done a good job.
She'd been about to send him a text to come and get her when Donna called out for John to go and get alcohol for the party. Jessie took the opportunity to just catch a ride with him and let the others know that she'd see them at Don's house.
John sweetly opened the passenger door of his truck for her after they'd left the apartment, then went around and hopped in his side. Still having deviant thoughts swirling around in her head, she scooted over in the seat next to him as he pulled out, intending to dote on him a little for how much help he'd been granting her some relief.
"Thanks for your help in the shower earlier, John," she said, leaning into his shoulder.
"Ha!" he said. "Pretty sure you know that was my pleasure."
"It was a really sweet thing just the same," she said, affectionately clutching at his bicep. She had the sudden impulse to show him how much she appreciated it but didn't think she'd have time to finish a blowjob before he pulled up to Dex's house. That thought, however, gave her a very naughty idea and she immediately ducked her head under his arm and started to work his cock free.
It took a few more seconds for her to work his dick free of the fabric prison, but she was eventually able to get it into her mouth. Running her tongue along the shaft a few times and sucking gently, she started to bob her head up and down when she felt him hard enough to support the movement.
"That's it," he grunted, his hand moving to rest on the back of her head.
Pausing a moment, she lifted her lips off his erection for a moment to speak. "Let me know when we get to Dex's," she said, and took the crown back in.
His right hand slid along her back, then pushed into her shorts and bikini after that. He gently pushed the digit into her ass as she grunted in approval, her lips sliding down his cock faster and faster.
"We're here, shortstuff," he grunted, briefly holding her down again.
"Mmm," she said, and briefly paused to grab her phone. Shooting a quick text off to Dex, she couldn't help giggling in excitement as she leaned back in and start sucking John again. "Let me know if you see Dex look out the window," she said, stopping for a moment.
"Kinky little bitch," he chuckled, pushing down on her head at his whim.
"He's looking," John grunted after a minute or so. "And... he's laughing... and he just flipped me off."
She giggled but didn't quit sucking. She was too committed to getting her latest load of cum to stop now.
"That's a good slut," John grunted after several more minutes of forcing her head up and down. He grunted as she felt the warm succulence of his cum filling her mouth again. Swallowing everything he was able to give her, she let him finish before sucking the shaft and head clean, then put him away and sat back up.
"Thanks," she said with a wink. "Are you coming straight back here or going to get Donna first?" She wiped her mouth with her hand as she spoke.
"I probably better just check with her, I guess," he said. "I dunno."
"Okay," she said, waving. "See you in a bit then."
"Thanks for the head!" he yelled as she shut the door.
Stepping back, she waited for him to pull out of the way and walked up to the house. Once inside, she grabbed a drink from the fridge and rinsed her mouth out. No sooner than she'd finished washing away the remnants of John's load did she hear someone coming up behind her, fast. She managed to turn just in time to see Dex reaching out for her. Cackling, she tried to back away, but he grabbed her with both hands and easily lifted her up. Tossing her over his shoulder, he turned and immediately hauled her upstairs despite her rampant laughter and half-hearted efforts to get free.
Once they were in his room, he tossed her down to the bed roughly. She erupted into laughter again, turning to regard him and seeing that he was quickly getting undressed. Running her tongue along her upper teeth in delight, she watched with a playfully defiant expression. Just a few seconds after she'd been flopped down to his bed, he was naked, standing in front of her and stroking his cock in an almost menacing way. She waited as long as she could, then raised a single eyebrow to challenge him.
He rushed forward, kneeling on the bed and deftly yanking her shorts off in one swift motion. She laughed again, then started to strip her top off but he put a stop to it by yanking both of her arms up and pinning them behind her head with one hand. The other moved between her legs and roughly pulled her bikini to the side as he maneuvered himself into position.
She glared at him in arousal, giving him a defiant look while silently begging him to get busy punishing her. With both of his hands occupied, it took a few interminable seconds longer than she could handle for him to grind is cock down into her.
"Ugh... God..." she grunted, spreading her legs as he plunged deeply inside.
"Fucking dirty little slut," he growled, settling deep inside her pussy and holding there for a few moments.
She whimpered as her pussy adjusted, but then looked up at him when he didn't start immediately pounding. Using her legs, she pulled at him weakly in an attempt to get him to commence with the fun. He was simply staring down into her eyes, a satisfied look on his face as he deliberately didn't fuck her.
"Oh-ho-ho!" she cried out, realizing that he was just toying with her. "Are you fucking..."
She didn't get any further in her angry yell as he chose that specific moment to start pumping his cock in and out of her. She immediately cried out in surprise and relief. Her aching pussy was finally quenched as her slid down on top of her, his hips driving his length in full strokes in and out. Her lips and warm pussyflesh sucked hungrily at the pounding shaft. Each impact of his hips drove innocent whimpers out of her mouth.
She tried several times to raise her hands again to put her arms around him affectionately, but he kept them held tight above her head. His mouth roamed around her neck and chest, roughly biting her nipples one moment then tenderly kissing her the next.
"Fuckin' tell me to come and look out my window," he growled. "You think you're so fuckin' clever."
Every plunge of his cock into her sent rivulets of electric bliss racing through her, and though she desperately wanted to wrap her arms around him, she found it more exciting to submit completely. Surrendering herself to his will, she ceased pushing against him and spread her thighs as wide as she possibly could.
"My fuckin' slut of a girlfriend that can't get enough cock in her mouth," he continued, his tone menacing. "Suckin' dick all day and doing who knows what else."
An impossibly powerful orgasm rolled over her with little warning, and she could only lay there and take what was being inflicted on her poor, punished pussy. She quivered down the length of her body, her legs continuing to shake long after the rest of her had ceased. She felt herself contracting down incredibly hard on his perfectly punishing shaft as it relentlessly drove into her.
"I love you so goddamn much," he snarled into her ear, though he hadn't slowed his pounding. "You filthy fucking whore."
An unintelligible squeak fell from her lips, and she started to see dark spots in her vision as she endured the torrent of indescribable pleasure he was inflicting on her. At the peak of her orgasm, her entire body seized-up and her eyes rolled upward into their sockets for a moment. A few seconds passed before her body relented and she was able to breathe again though he was still drilling his cock into her. Her body was awash with endorphins as she lay there submitting completely to him.
"Did you help Jason lose his cherry yet, you little hussy?" he said.
He let go of her hands, but she was too weak to do anything with them.
"Did you?" he asked again, turning her face toward his.
He sounded angry with her, but she knew better. Even though she was still recovering, she still wanted to goad him a little.
"No, but now I might," she said, fighting to catch her breath as she continued to ride the wave of her orgasm.
"Oooo," he said, grinning at her and renewing his energetic pounding. "I'm just gonna keep fucking you until the party starts."
She moaned at the thought and nodded weakly at him. "Punish your slutty girlfriend, baby," she groaned. "Fill my pussy up."
"My pussy," he corrected. She felt him slide his cock free from its home and pull her completely up next to him as she enjoyed the final stages of her orgasm.
"Nooo," she whined, trying to pull him back on top of her.
"My pussy," he said pointedly. She didn't immediately respond though, still feeling defiant. He raised a single eyebrow in surprise then moved his hand from around her body. She thought he was letting her go for a moment, but then felt his finger slid across her clit.
"Ohmygod," she cried, and immediately latched onto his wrist with her hand. "Nononono," she protested. "I can't take anymore right now, baby," she pleaded as he wriggled his hand free and gently pushed the finger inside. "It's... your... puuuusssssyyyyyy," she whined.
"You've been bad," he said, as if that simple statement explained why he was trying to kill her with orgasms. His first digit was joined by a second as her mouth fell open and she stared up at him in surrender.
"You...bastard..." she stammered, reaching down and trying to grab his wrist again as he gently pumped his fingers in and out of her tender pussy.
"You... slut..." he replied, and slid from underneath her, though he didn't slow his fingers from plunging in and out. "You going to tell me when you take Jason's cherry, you little tramp?"
"Fuh... baby..." she whimpered in protest, though her body was telling a different story. Her thighs were apparently all for the torture and had fallen open as soon as he'd started to drive his digits inside. Her pussy was guilty as well, quickly starting to throb again as he worked on it.
"Whose pussy?" he asked sternly and continued to maneuver down.
"Omfggknggodd," she protested unintelligibly, and gave up trying to stop him as he slid down between her legs and started to run his tongue cross her clit. His fingers hadn't ceased their torment, though, and she only had to endure another few seconds before another orgasm washed over her.
This time wasn't nearly as powerful, but she was in no condition to do anything but lay there drooling on herself as her traitorous pussy clenched on his fingers again and again. As soon as she started to cum a second time, he was up in a flash. His cock speared into her without difficulty and he once again started hammering inside.
"Fuck... baby..." she cried out, her pussy once again convulsing violently down on him. "Fuck..."
Once again, she felt her body spinning out of control and felt the incredible wave wash over her. She could only lay there and enjoy what was happening to her. She recovered much faster than she had the first time, though, and was drawn back to the surface when she felt Dex slide free of her.
He collapsed to the side, his cock still hard and coated with her ample juices.
"You didn't cum yet," she accused through ragged breaths.
"Nope," he muttered, then weakly shook his head.
She scowled at him as he grinned over at her weakly. "Can I finish you off?"
"Figured I'd save it for later," he replied.
She could see his eyes drooping and within a few seconds it looked like he'd passed out.
"Save it for later," she muttered mockingly. "Jerk."
He didn't respond though and she eased herself from the bed intending to let him sleep.
"Wake me later babe?" he asked, causing her to turn.
"Of course," she said quietly, and leaned over to kiss him on the cheek. "And it'syourpussy, honey. I haven't forgotten your rule."
A smile was his response, and she giggled quietly. Pulling the sheet up over him, she turned and quietly left the room. Stopping in the bathroom to put herself back together from Dex's wonderful reaction to her sluttiness, she couldn't help wondering why he wanted to save his load for later.
"Donna," she told her reflection. She knew that Dex had promised to spend time with her that evening. After that realization, her next thoughts were centered on the best way to steal Dex's load of cum before Donna got it.
Texting him to come and see what she was doing to John had obviously worked well. Plus, with the folks coming to the party that evening, she'd have all the opportunities in the world to goad Dex into taking matters into his own hands again.
She finished straightening herself up and turned to leave the bathroom. There were a few hours until the party started and she wasn't about to leave the job of straightening up the house in her boyfriend's hands. He'd actually done an adequate job, but there was always more that could be done.
She started with Jack's room, knocking softly and peeking in. He wasn't there and she had a giggle-inducing idea pop into her head.
Heading back into Dex's room, she tiptoed over and grabbed his phone from the bedside table and snuck back out. Sneaking downstairs to the living room, she sat down and unlocked his phone.
Opening his text messages, she saw that Dex had invited his brother to the party that evening. Unfortunately, Jack had replied that he had plans with his friends. There was no follow up conversation after that, strangely enough.
"Boys are so weird," she mused idly and shook her head.
"You know, you probably aren't going to get lucky at the club," she texted. "You can always use my girlfriend's mouth if you strike out."
Giggling at her deviousness, she could barely contain her excitement as she waited for a reply. During the wait, she sent herself the pictures that Dex had taken of her that day. After five minutes, she got tired of waiting and went to sneak Dex's phone back into his room. From there, she went back to work, cleaning all the upstairs rooms. When those were done, she cleaned the kitchen and laundry room, the living room and finally headed to the den. Don was sitting on the edge of the couch with the remote in hand, listening to the post-game show of a football game on TV.
"Hi Papa!" she said.
"Spitfire," he replied, turning it off.
"You going to stay for the party?" she asked. "It should be pretty fun."
"Candy said that her girls are going to be here, so she decided that it would be an opportune time to make dinner for the two of us." He grinned happily as she came around the couch and sat next to him.
"That's awesome!" she gushed. "I was hoping that maybe you'd invite her over here, but I think that you guys having a fun evening alone is just what you need!"
"Yeah, me too," he agreed. "It'll be good to not have anyone just run into the house groping each other during our date."
She giggled and fixed him with a playful glare.
"So funny," she deadpanned. "Did you want some help picking out something to wear?"
"Nah," he said. "Ishouldhave had you do that last night."
With an easy laugh, she stood and started straightening up. "Let me know if you change your mind."
"Will do, spitfire," he replied with a chuckle, and left the room.
*****
Dex
He took a sip of his beer while he listened to the conversation going on around him. He'd been sipping it slowly since the party began and was only intending on having one or two. Being drunk wasn't what he needed if he wanted to enjoy whatever ridiculous shenanigans his girlfriend orchestrated that night. The day had been crazy enough already.
After she woke him from his nap, he'd helped her get things ready for the party. John and Donna had shown up in short order with beer and snacks and the two women immediately started bossing them around as they got set up. Only when both of them were satisfied did John and Dex start to relax a little.
Once Donna's siblings were there, it took about twenty minutes for Alec and Erin to show, Erin's younger sister Cass arriving with them. Ronnie and his girlfriend Lacey came in last with Blake and Sandy, though Dex didn't even realize that Jessie had invited them. They were welcome, regardless, and after the introductions were handled, folks started to work their way to the backyard, though only a few were getting into the pool. He'd also invited his brother to come to the party on the way back from the apartment earlier that day, but he'd unfortunately had plans.
Donna had insisted on everyone staying clothed, her family being there and all, and Dex began to wonder how long that would actually last. Jessie had a unique way of derailing those types of situations and he knew it was only a matter of time.
Glancing past Debbie and out through the back window, he saw Jessie with a small group close to the pool. He caught her openly groping Lacey's chest, and smirked. He'd only been half-listening to the conversation around him to begin with but watching Jessie and the attractive redhead drew his complete attention. As he spied on her, he grinned when he saw her move up to John and slide her hand into his swim trunks.
"Little slut,"he thought, grinning to himself.
He'd been just about to hop in the shower when he saw her text earlier that day. Curious to see what she wanted, he went to his bedroom window and looked out. John grinned up at him from the truck and Dex looked curiously back down. He'd suddenly spied Jessie's head bobbing up and down in John's lap and felt a surge of arousal at her deliberate attempt to provoke him. Laughing and flipping John off had been automatic, but he'd liked what he'd seen.
He kept watching, of course, his cock swelling to its full size while the redneck forced his girlfriend's head down over and over. When it was done, he watched her wipe her mouth just outside the passenger door of his truck and waltz in like nothing happened.
The sheer audacity of what she'd just done shocked him, but it turned him on even moreso. He found her in the kitchen and immediately took her wicked little ass back up to his room to teach her a much-needed lesson.
He couldn't hear what was going on between Jessie and the small group she was with, but it was clear that it sexual. She moved over to Ronnie and slid her hand into his swim trunks, but Dex guessed that she wasn't pleased with what she found as she looked immediately disappointed. She moved to Blake next, but Dex was surprised to see him back away, even going so far as to come back inside with the other group, Sandy following behind.
Someone put their arms around him then, and a hand slid into his trunks. He turned to see Donna smiling at him, a beer in her hand.
"Mmm," she said, and he noticed her swaying in place a bit. "That's soooooo hard."
He chuckled and reached down to pull her hand free, then nodded at Debbie right next to him. Donna rolled her eyes in response.
"You're no fun!" she said.
As he watched, she downed the beer she had and delicately covered her mouth to burp.
"You're right," he said. "Now I'm ready!"
"Ugh... shut up," she said, rolling her eyes. She took his hand and pulled him over to the cooler and got herself another drink. "You said that you were mine tonight," she said after popping the top off.
"I did, and I am," he assured her.
"You were watching your girlfriend like you wanted to rush out and fuck her," she said, clutching haphazardly at his shirt as she started to stumble. "You're a liar..." When she spoke, she drew out the word "liar" as if it had several extra vowels. "You don't want to fuck me."
Dex sighed and pulled her in close for what was supposed to be a quick kiss. He'd only been trying to reassure her. She tried to turn it into something else, though, and began to pull him toward the den.
"Donna," he said, gently pushing her back. "Your family is here with us." He didn't think she needed reminding of that fact, but apparently, she was forgetting her own rule.
"Ugh..." she said. "I know. You're right. It's just that... I'm the responsible one in my family. I always have been. I'm not used to them seeing me as the pervy one."
"Embarrassed?" he ventured.
"Not of you or my choices," she said. "It's just..." She sighed. "Look... it's just weird for me, okay?"
"I understand completely," he said. "I've behaved this entire time."
"Yeah... you have," she said, the words sounding like an accusation.
"I thought that's what you wanted," he said, looking at her suspiciously.
She rolled her eyes, blushing and stepping away from him and moving over toward her sisters. Not having a clue what was going on, he watched her for a few seconds, then turned to head back outside.
Before he got there, he was pulled into a conversation with Alec, John and a few of Donna's family members. He'd been wanting to go peek in on his girlfriend again but found himself enjoying himself and laughing. Even Tyson and Daisy seemed to be having a decent enough time.
A drinking game started soon after, and he was easily convinced to join in that as well. After a couple of rounds of play, he idly checked the time and was surprised by how late it was.
He was even more surprised a few minutes later. He'd excused himself from the game and had gotten up to check on Jessie. He saw her outside with Cass, then realized that the rest of the party goers were all inside with him. He'd just been about to go and check in with her when Jack came home.
There was a little awkwardness when the group looked over and saw him standing there, but Dex quickly intervened.
"This is my big brother, Jack," he explained, and started the process of introducing everyone.
John helpfully pointed out that he'd been the one that Jessie had been dancing with at the club, and Daisy looked immediately over at him with a wide-eyed look on her face. He chuckled as he recalled Jessie telling him how Daisy had been the one to film her giving Jack head the other night.
"Strike out at the club?" he asked, looking at Jack.
Jack chuckled. "It was a damn sausage factory," he said. "So... what's the story here? And single ladies?"
With a laugh, Dex gave him a gentle shrug. "I think the only single girl here is Cass, to be honest."
Jack gave him a nod and a pat on the back, then headed for the beer cooler. Dex was set to follow him, but he found himself being pulled away by Donna yet again. She managed to wrangle him down to the couch in the living room and started pawing at him. He looked over to where Debbie and Natalie were talking to Sandy nearby and gently pushed Donna's hands away.
"Your family," he reminded her quietly.
She sighed hard and scowled at him for a moment before relenting and laying her head on his shoulder.
"Can we make everyone leave yet?" she asked, then looked up at him and smiled.
"Just want me to tell them to get the fuck out?" he asked, kissing her on the head.
They turned, hearing a John making a commotion. He was drinking two beers at once, much to Donna's chagrin.
"He's gonna be passed out before you know it," Dex said.
"Yep," she agreed, and looked up at him pointedly. "He knows that I'm all yours tonight."
"Donna, come on!" Debbie called out, the group starting to play another drinking game.
Dex chuckled as she was pulled up and unceremoniously drug from the room. Standing, he saw Alec and Blake talking nearby and went to join the conversation. The two were discussing sports, and after a few mins, Dex saw Jack coming back inside from the pool area.
He cocked his head to get his brother's attention and Jack headed toward him.
"Just saying his to Jessie and introducing myself to Cass," he said with a grin as he arrived.
"Say, Jack," Blake said before Dex could reply. "You're in the Marines?"
"That's right," Jack confirmed.
"You mind if I ask you some stuff about it?" Blake continued. "I was thinking about joining up after college."
Alec and Dex both listened in for a minute until they were both drawn into playing the drinking game. After one round, Dex saw Jessie had come back inside and smiled as she came over and sat on his lap.
"You misbehaving?" he asked quietly.
"Of course," she answered, but didn't elaborate.
"Good girl," he said, clutching her tightly and enjoying the feeling of her hand stroking his.
As the party wore on, Dex excused himself from the game, leaving Jessie to play in his stead. After taking a piss, he came back and stood in the doorway, enjoying the sight of everyone having fun.
Jack was sitting in on the game as well now, and it looked like he and Jessie were conspiring to make the other players lose and have to drink, one of them being Donna. The rest of the folks there were enjoying the banter and laughing along with those playing.
Someone came up beside him and nudged his hip. He turned and chuckled, seeing Cass.
"My sleeping buddy," he said in low tones, then gave her a grin.
"Hey," she said, laughing easily at him. "How are you?"
"Good," he said. "You? I haven't seen you since... well... you know."
"I do know," she confirmed. "I'm good though. It's been a weird evening."
"Yeah?" he asked. "Everything okay?"
"Hmm?" she answered, though it took a few seconds for her to snap out of her reverie. "Oh, yeah. I'm good. I was just talking to your girlfriend earlier. She's so..."
He chuckled easily and looked over at her, nodding in confirmation. "I know," he assured her. "I'm sorry if she did something."
"No... I don't mean that it was like... bad or anything," she said. "She's just... so brave, you know?"
He laughed. "You could call it that, I suppose. She just doesn't get embarrassed, ever."
"And she's so confident with her body," Cass said. "Like... she knows what she likes and she knows what other people find attractive about her."
That was indeed his Jessie. As he listened to the young woman talking about his girlfriend, he got the distinct impression that she sounded enamored of Jessie.
"I wish I could be as brave as her and confident with my own body," she continued, but then turned and looked at him. "I'm sorry," she said, shaking her head. "I know this is probably a strange conversation to have."
"Not with a girlfriend like Jessie," he said.
She snickered quietly then turned back to look at him again. "It's nice to talk to you again."
"Likewise," he said, then watched as she went back over to the group.
After enjoying the game for a while, Dex found himself in the den talking with Alec and Ronnie while they watched some sports highlights. After a bit, a very clearly drunk Donna came in and, through slurred speech, informed the latter that his girlfriend had just thrown up.
"Well shit, that's my cue," Ronnie said, and stood to leave.
"You good to drive?" Dex asked.
"Nah, I'll call for a ride if you don't mind me leavin' my truck here," he replied.
Dex waved a hand dismissively as they bid goodbye.
Dex turned his attention to Donna and saw that she was just then laying down on the couch.
"Say, man," Alec said, drawing his focus. "I've been meaning to ask if you and I were good after the hotel thing." He sounded apprehensive.
Dex looked at him curiously. "The time we went to the amusement park?"
"Yeah," Alec said, looking at him directly. "Didn't Erin tell you?"
"Tell me what?" Dex asked.
Alec sighed and shook his head. "That little... give me just a second," he said, and left the room.
Dex stood there in confusion but then went and put a blanket on top of Donna. He heard Alec and Erin coming back into the room after he'd finished tucking the brunette in. Turning, he saw him hauling her toward Dex by the arm as if she were a kid in trouble.
"I thought you told Dex about the hotel," he said.
She didn't answer at first, but then frowned. "No..." she said quietly. "I... I'm sorry."
He looked at her expectantly for a few more seconds.
"I was having too much fun pretending," she explained.
"Babe!" Alec said. "You let him believe it all this time?"
She frowned more emphatically and shrugged. After a few seconds, she looked up at Dex then back at Alec.
"Are you mad?" she asked.
"Not mad," Alec clarified. "Come clean. Now."
Erin wiggled in place a bit, then turned and looked up Dex with an apologetic expression. "Alec... planned for you and me to have sex the night we stayed at the hotel."
Dex stepped back a bit, truly surprised at the revelation. "Wait... what?"
"He likes to force me to do slutty things," she explained. "He makes me do stuff and we talk about it when we have sex afterward. After I saw how big your cock was, we used it multiple times in our fantasies. I mean... we fantasized about me doing stuff with it."
Dex was struggling to comprehend everything, looking from Alec back to Erin.
"We kept talking about how we wanted to find a way for you to just bend me over and take me, but we just couldn't figure out how to set it up." As she spoke, she stepped closer to Dex, but continued to look up at him plaintively. "So... the hotel was the perfect opportunity for us to live out our fantasy."
"Fantasy?" he asked.
She nodded. "Like I said, we talk during sex. He's got certain things that he likes, and I have mine. One of the things we share is that we both think it would be really fucking hot to pretend one of us is cheating on the other and then... we have make-up sex."
"Man, I thought she told you a long time ago," Alec said.
"Are you okay?" Erin asked, looking at Dex. "I didn't say anything because it was just too fucking hot to pretend that we'd actually cheated."
"I'm just... surprised," he revealed. "It's a lot to take in."
"I'm sorry," she said, then looked over at Alec.
"You're going to have to make amends for it," he said.
Erin nodded, a mischievous smile creeping to the corners of her mouth. She reached out with both hands and cupped both bulges for a few moments. "I think I can figure something out," she said a few seconds later.
Still surprised from the revelation that Alec had known about the time he and Erin had fucked, Dex wasn't focusing too much on what she was doing. She had her hand down his pants gripping his cock by the time he realized what she'd said and was doing.
"Just Dex to start with," Alec said, moving away. He stopped a couple of feet to the rear of his girlfriend as she slid down to her knees in front of Dex.
"Uh..." Dex said, looking up at Alec. His friend had a wide smile on his face.
Erin's hands worked the zipper down and unbuttoned his jeans while Dex stood still. He didn't know if he should stop this or just enjoy it. Alec obviously didn't care, so he quickly decided to just let it happen.
"Fuck," Erin said, gripping his shaft and holding it up to her face as it bobbed to life. She giggled in excitement, letting the length of him drop across her face as she craned it upward.
"Stop playing and suck it," Alec snapped.
She giggled and raised a single eyebrow back at him, but then turned and took the head into her mouth with a satisfied moan. Her hands started haphazardly stroking while she sucked on the crown, her pretty blue eyes looking up at him.
Alec scooted a little closer, but Dex only vaguely noticed. He'd been pleasured by girlfriends and wives in front of their husbands before. It was a little weird, to be sure, but nothing he hadn't already been a part of in the past.
"Good girl," Alec grunted.
She smiled around the flesh of his cock between her lips, her hands stroking him to full size. Once he was mostly there, she put her hands on his buttocks and pulled, driving him into her mouth a bit as the warmth and wetness of her mouth sent shivers of pleasure through him.
She pulled him out after a few seconds, then got lower to the ground and dropped one of his testicles into her mouth.
"Fuck... you dirty little cunt," Alec grunted.
Dex saw his friend's hand moving in his peripheral vision and figured that he was jerking off. That was nothing new either, and Dex managed to ignore it. Erin's beautiful face gently slurping and suckling one of his balls in and out of her mouth was more than enough of a distraction. She moaned softly for a few seconds while she stroked him, then moved over to the other ball.
"So fuckin' hot," Dex groaned, caressing her cheek with one hand.
She smiled, then let the ball drop from between her lips and moved back up to kiss the engorged crown of his cock. Her lips slid around the tip and caressed the flesh as they continued the trek down his length as far as she could managed. Her mouth was nice and warm as her saliva coated his length, her tongue slathering affectionately across his swollen flesh.
She continued to stroke as she eased what she could of him in and out of her incredibly wet mouth. Whimpers and moans of encouragement punctuated the succulent song of her pleasuring his cock. Even when she switched back to his testicles again, she continued to stroke. Slurping noisily at each one, she made him groan in pleasure several times before she took the head back into her mouth.
After another minute or so of stroking and sucking, she popped him out and looked back around at Alec. "You love watching me being a whore," she stated. "Don't you?"
"Fuck yes," Alec groaned. "I like an audience for my girl when she's being slutty."
Dex grunted as Erin went back to sucking him off. He saw her looking toward the door for a moment, then saw a smile as she worked on him. Glancing over, he saw Daisy watching from the doorway. He was about to put a stop to the blowjob then and there when he noticed Tyson step in behind her, an angry look on his face.
*****
Jessie
Once everyone had arrived for the party and everyone was properly introduced, the group spent at least an hour just talking and barely drinking. No one was doing anything risqu or flirty yet, so Jessie figured she could try and turn up the fun a notch. She had to get people loosened up or she was never going to be able to goad Dex into fucking her again like he had earlier that day.
John was usually the center of attention at most parties, and tonight was no different. The guys and a couple of their girlfriends were all standing near each other and talking, but she could easily hear John's characteristically loud voice over the rest. She was listening to the conversation when the guys all burst out laughing at something he'd said, and she felt someone come up beside her.
"Hey girl," Erin said.
"Hey," Jessie replied. "I was meaning to talk to you."
"Oh?" Erin replied. "What's up?"
"Nothing, I just wanted to make sure that you knew that Dex and I weren't trying to avoid being alone with you guys. This was just a way for us to be able to spend time with Donna and her familyandyou guys."
"Not at all," Erin assured her. "Alec doesn't even know that I mentioned anything."
"Good," Jessie replied. "I'm sure that Dex is okay with letting him have us both in a threesome. We just need to find the right time."
"It's not anything to lose sleep over," Erin said. "I keep him pretty happy."
Jessie giggled in response. The large group seemed to split into smaller factions then, and she saw a couple moving toward the pool while another moved toward the house.
"Speaking of happy, my mom is absolutely over the moon about Don," Erin said.
"Really?" Jessie asked excitedly. "That's so good to hear!"
"She's cooking for him tonight," Erin continued. "That's not something she does for a date unless she's really trying to impress someone."
"We're such good matchmakers!" Jessie gushed.
As the party continued, Jessie decided to try and turn the excitement up a notch and stripped down to her bikini. It was ridiculously small and only barely covered up the parts that Donna didn't want seen. In other words, perfect for what she was wanting to achieve. She couldn't expect people to get flirty with her if she didn't look sexy.
Dex had to see her being a slut but getting people to loosen up was going to be difficult with Donna's boring rules in place. She was going to have to tread carefully, but all she really needed was the right opportunity and the right person. She knew that she could be devious if she had to, as long as Dex got a sexy pic or something of whatever she did.
Texting Jack from Dex's phone earlier was a prime example of her slutty antics. She considered grabbing Dex's phone to look, but then just decided to ramp up the playfulness and text Jack from her own.
"So, are you going to come and use my mouth?" she messaged.
"Thinking about it," he replied.
She giggled happily, but her attention was drawn away a moment later.
"God you look so good in that," Lacey said as she drew near. "I don't have the tits for it."
"Oh, nonsense," Jessie said. "You've got great ones!" To prove her point she reached out and squeezed Lacey's boobs, several seconds each. The sandy-haired girl blushed as small group around them laughed.
"Thanks," she said at length. "But yours are just so dang perky." She reached out toward Jessie's chest but then stopped and looked up at her. Jessie replied by sticking her tits out more so that Lacey could give them a proper groping.
"I feel sorry for Blake having to be happy with mine," Sandy added, and bounced up and down to prove the point.
"Aww, I'm sure he finds you sexy," Jessie said as she pulled her hands away from Lacey's smaller-sized breasts.
"Oh, I'm sure he does," Sandy continued, "but yours are like... instant boner!"
The girls laughed at the joke and Jessie saw an opportunity to cause a little mischief. A quick look around confirmed that Dex was watching from just inside the house.
"Let's see," she said, and walked a few steps over to where John was talking with the two guys. Without hesitation, she reached into his pants and gripped his cock, though it was completely flaccid.
"Hey... focus," she said, snapping her fingers at him then pointing at her chest.
"Those are your titties," John said, frowning at her in confusion.
"Right! Why aren't you hard?" She scowled at him as she waited for an answer.
"I'm talking to a couple of dudes right now," he said. "It'd be a little weird for me to be sportin' wood when we're talking about football."
The group laughed again but Jessie continued to stroke his cock inside his swim trunks.
"I'm waiting..." she said.
"What? You startin' a collection or something?" John asked.
"A boner collection," she said, thinking quickly. "Don't I turn you on?"
"Well, hell yes you do," John stammered.
She tapped her foot impatiently, but it was clear he wasn't getting any stiffer.
"So disappointing," she said and scowled at him.
"Well shit, you didn't even say one mean thing to me, what do you expect?" John grinned widely as she pulled her hand free.
"What about you?" she asked Ronnie, then turned to wink at Lacey. He didn't respond, so she slid her hand into his swim trunks and felt around. Frowning, she looked up at him for an explanation.
"You look good, Jessie, I just..." he stammered, but she pulled her hand out before he could finish.
"What about you?" she asked, lookin up at Blake as she moved toward him.
"I'm good," he said, raising his hands up out of the way and backing up. "I need a new beer anyway."
She watched in disappointment as he turned and went over to the beer chest, Sandy following close behind.
"I guess I'm not as sexy as I thought," she said, shrugging at Lacey.
In short order, she, Lacey, Ronnie, John, and a few others, were all in the pool splashing about and having a fun time. She felt John swim up behind her his hands moving up to slide her bikini top to the side of each breast, her nipples hardening in the cool air of the evening. She reached back, feeling the pulsing hardness of his erection as she nuzzled it between her butt cheeks.
"That's more like it," she said, turning and grinning at him for a moment. "That's one!"
Lacey and Ronnie were floating close by, both watching as John fondled her. He playfully pushed both of her breasts above the waterline, exposing her nipples as they grew more erect. She could feel the stares of the two as they ogled her, then grinned as Ronnie brought is own hands up to Lacey's chest and squeezed.
"Whatcha think, Jase?" John asked, and Jessie turned to see Jason coming toward them.
He didn't respond, and Jessie giggled as he stared.
"I wonder if he's got one?" Jessie asked and moved out of John's grasp over to Jason. She reached down and felt for his cock, smiling when she felt the hardness of it.
"That's two," she giggled, and winked happily at him.
After she'd teased Jason for a while, he'd slipped out of the water and was sitting quietly in a chair. He seemed to just be watching the others.
She'd been laughing at a story that Blake was telling when she felt a presence behind her. Not really caring who it was, she reached back and felt the soft skin of a woman close behind. Sliding her hand around the girl's back, she pulled her close and smiled as feminine arms circled around her waist. Small, perky breasts pushed into her shoulders, and she knew that it had to be Lacey behind her. She was the only girl that was that tall, other than Donna and her sisters, but they were all excluded since they had much larger breasts than the athletic vixen.
Jessie wanted to turn around and kiss her or get even friskier, but she was really enjoying the sneaky sweetness of their embrace. She was surprised to feel the soft press of lips on her neck after a few minutes, though no one was in danger of seeing due to the dim light in the backyard.
"You know... you're the only girl I've ever really felt a strong attraction to," Lacey whispered, her lips pressing close to Jessie's ear. "You make me question my sexuality."
In response, Jessie slid her hand between the two of them and deftly slipped it into her bikini. It took a little maneuvering, but she eventually managed to slip it inside the other girl's pussy.
"Fuuuuuuck," Lacey whined in a hushed tone, and clenched her arms tight around Jessie's waist.
She felt Lacey's hand moving then and giggled when her fingers slid into her pussy. Working her finger in and out as best as she could in the precarious position, Jessie was surprised to feel Lacey contracting down on her finger after only a minute or so of stimulation.
She glanced back, smiling as she saw the strained expression on Lacey's face that she was desperately trying to conceal. After a few seconds, a look of relief took its place, and she took a deep breath.
Just before she slipped from Lacey's hands, she turned and moved her lips close to her ear. "You know... if you think you enjoyed my finger just now, imagine how my tongue would feel on your pussy."
Flicking her tongue across Lacey's earlobe, she slipped away and gave her a playful wink.
***
People unfortunately migrated inside after that, and Jessie was a little disappointed by how little she'd been able to flirt so far that night. She was about to go and check to see if Jack was ever going to show up but saw Cass sitting by herself at the edge of the pool.
Jessie went over to see if she was okay.
"You're such a flirt," Cass said with a smile. "You should give lessons."
"I do what I can," she said. "I love teasing and turning people on."
"You're a natural at it," Cass told her.
"It's just fun for me," Jessie explained. "I don't get hung up on things like most girls. I really just enjoy making other people happy."
"I'm not shy, but I don't think I can just get naked like you do in front of strangers," Cass said.
"Yeah, I know how strange it sounds," Jessie said. "I'm just different, I guess. I love to turn people on. I don't care if people don't like it, either. For the longest time Dex's dad tried to get me to wear clothes when I was over here."
"Don's seen you naked?" Cass asked, a surprised look on her face.
"Lots of times," Jessie said. "I've sunbathed naked a few times, but it all started with me cleaning naked."
"Cleaning naked?" Cass asked.
"Mmmhmm," Jessie confirmed. "I clean the house naked."
The other girl looked confused.
"There's no reason for it other than to turn Don on," Jessie explained. "You've heard that his wife died some years ago, right?"
"Mom mentioned it," Cass affirmed with a nod.
"Well, Dex and I were fooling around one day, and I kept seeing someone passing by his door. I obviously didn't mind an audience, so when we finished, I told Dex about it. It took some time for our relationship to develop to the point that he was okay with sharing me in that way, but eventually he didn't care if I got flirty with Don."
"Wow," Cass said, snickering quietly. "Did he... I dunno... like it, I guess?"
"Definitely," Jessie confirmed with a giggle. "At first, he was very hesitant but eventually he realized that I wasn't going to be dissuaded."
Jessie looked over and saw through the door that Jack had arrived, to her delight and surprise, and was being introduced to the group.
"Gosh... I just wish I had your confidence," Cass said. "I don't think I could ever do something like that."
"It's just always been something that didn't bother me," Jessie shrugged.
"Did Don ever... like... get turned on?" Cass asked.
"Definitely," Jessie confirmed. "It's pretty easy to tell when the men in this family get aroused, though."
Cass blushed at the information, and Jessie giggled in response.
"All three?" Cass asked, her voice a whisper.
"Mmmhmm," Jessie said with a grin. "I'll show you if you like."
Unbeknownst to Cass, Jack had come outside was coming over to the pool in that moment.
"Hi Jack!" Jessie said, smiling up at him. "I'm glad you decided to join us!"
"Jessie," he said with a smile. "I just wanted to say hi and introduce myself to everyone."
"Oh?" Jessie asked. "This is my friend Cass," she said, gesturing to the pretty blonde sitting on the edge of the pool.
"Nice to meet you," Cass said, smiling as Jack waved.
"You too," he said.
"Sit down," Jessie said. "We're talking about fun things."
"I'm not interrupting?" he asked.
"Not at all," she assured him.
"Why uh... why are you the only one naked?" he asked as he took a seat beside Cass.
Jessie giggled. "It just kinda happens with me," she said with a shrug. She turned and gave Cass a smile. "Jack has been very weirded out by me," she explained. "He doesn't seem to like a naked girl running around his place."
Jack chuckled and shook his head. "I don't mind naked girls running around," he said.
"Especially if they look like her," Cass added, the other two laughing in response.
"So... what have y'all been up to?" he asked.
"I've been collecting hard-ons," Jessie said, reaching up and running her hands up under her breasts. She lifted both, her hands moving up the flesh until she reached her nipples, her fingers gently pinching them as he watched.
She looked down into his lap and smiled, seeing the fabric of his shorts moving ever-so-slightly.
"That's what I like to see," she said, reaching out and squeezing her hand around the obvious erection.
Jack cleared his throat, seemingly not knowing what to do in that moment.
"Wow," Cass muttered, staring unabashedly down as Jessie pulled the shaft a bit and tightened her hold on it. The sheer size of his cock was readily apparent to both girls.
"I uhh..." he stammered.
"That's what I mean," Jessie said, removing her hand and looking back at Cass. "Thank you, Jack," she said. "You've settled a point for me."
"Oh... uh... yeah," he said, and stood to leave.
"You better let that thing go down a bit," Jessie advised, giggling as he smirked at her then disappeared inside. "But yeah... all three of them are that well-endowed," Jessie continued.
"God," Cass said, sighing hard. "I've only ever been with the one guy," she said. "He wasn't anywhere near that big."
"I've been meaning to ask you about that night you stayed," Jessie said. "Why didn't you have fun with my boyfriend?"
Cass sighed deeply. "I know Erin said that I should have been over it by then, but... I just wasn't. She and Alec can fuck each other all over the house as far as I care. I'm not the same as her."
"I understand having to heal from a broken heart," Jessie assured her.
"Still," Cass said. "I'd love to have your confidence and just... be able to flirt like you do. I just think that I'd be afraid of the consequences."
"Well, I did kinda push things too far at one point," she admitted with a giggle.
"You did?" Cass asked warily.
She nodded.
"I relentlessly flirted with Don for weeks," she began. "I would clean naked, sunbathe naked, I'd even tell him to jerk off for me if he was feeling too pent up. He was such a hard nut to crack though. He only ever jerked off like... two times when I was there."
"Wait... in front of you?" Cass asked, sounding shocked.
"Of course!" she confirmed. "That was the whole point. Dex was concerned about his dad and said that he was happy for me to be able to provide the... reason for him tohaveto jerk off. Sexual health is important for a person."
"I... guess I didn't realize..." Cass said.
"But like I said, he only ever did it twice," Jessie continued. "For whatever reason, he felt bad each time he did. I didn't stop trying though. I kept asking him to let me take care of him. I even upped the teasing a bit and hounded him about it as much as I could. Eventually, things came to head at Dex's birthday party."
"I heard that it was pretty crazy," Cass said.
"Well, it was a clothing optional party," Jessie explained with a shrug. "But Don was clearly enjoying all the naked bodies around. He'd was hard as a rock for most of it. Anyway..." she said.
Cass was looking at her with interest.
"He finally couldn't take my teasing anymore," Jessie said. "I wasn't really even thinking about sex when he finally gave in to my charms. I'd gotten an ant bite on my inner thigh and asked him to take a look at it. I guess he just couldn't take it anymore and before I realized that I'd pushed him too far, he'd yanked me off the counter and was fucking me up against the wall in his kitchen."
Cass was quiet for a second, her eyes wide in surprise. "Wait... that's what mom and Erin were talking about then!"
"What?" Jessie asked.
"Earlier this week, I heard them talking in my mom's room," Cass explained. "Mom was getting details about him, and I heard you and Dexter being mentioned by name. So... I listened out of sight and heard something about something happening between you and him."
Jessie nodded with a smile. "Yep, that was him fucking me. He felt awful about it at first, but I eventually got him to calm down. I told Dexter about it and we worked through things, and eventually everyone came to a good place about what happened. I take full responsibility though," she added, looking at Cass.
"That's what Erin was saying," Cass said, though she looked skeptical.
"I mean... come on," Jessie said. "You've seen me flirting around here, can you really blame him for succumbing to my charms?"
Cass didn't really seem to have an answer, and Jessie began to wonder if it had been a mistake to mention it. "Are you okay?" she asked.
"Hrm?" Cass replied. "Oh... yeah," she said, waving a hand dismissively. "It's just a lot to take in, you know?"
Jessie nodded, and immediately began to feel better seeing the smile on Cass's face.
"Come on," Cass said, gesturing to the house and reaching for Jessie's hand. "Let's go see what's going on."
***
The two went back inside with the others and Jessie found Dexter playing some kind of drinking game with the others. He asked her if she'd been misbehaving, and by her standards the answer was no. But there wasn't anything to be gained by telling him that, so she simply said "of course," and left it up to his imagination.
He excused himself from the game not long after, and she happily took his place. Jack joined not too long after, and the two quickly teamed up to make the others drink more than they had to.
The game ended eventually, and the group split back up into groups again. Jessie listened in to several conversations, waiting for the right time for things to get heated so she could get flirty for Dex again.
Much to her irritation, nothing seemed to come together right, and she found herself thinking that nothing fun was going to happen that evening.
Around midnight, Jessie went and found Jack again. He'd been sitting and talking with Blake and Sandy about something. The conversation came to an end, and the two excused themselves and went to find an empty room. He glanced over and saw her studying him, then chuckled and shook his head.
"When are you going to let me suck your cock again?" she asked.
He smirked and shook his head in dismay. "You're relentless, you know that?"
"Come on," she said, and held her hand out to him. "I'll take you up to your bedroom so that no one can see, then you can pump my mouth full of cum and be back down here before anyone knows you're gone."
Jack looked up at her and smirked, then to her amazement, reached out and took her hand as he stood. Momentarily shocked, she took a few seconds to start moving. She'd passed the hallway to the den with Jack in tow when a commotion stopped them both.
Daisy stomped past the two with Tyson in hot pursuit, the two obviously arguing.
She stopped just on the other side of Jessie and Jack and whirled on Tyson angrily. "I didn't know what was going on in there!" she snapped.
"What the fuck ever!" Tyson said. "I just caught you cheating you little bitch!"
Daisy looked at him incredulously for a few seconds before speaking again. "What the fuck are you talking about? Are you fucking stupid?"
Jessie didn't see it coming, though Jack apparently had. Without warning, Tyson reached back and had been just about to slap Daisy across the face. Jack's hand snapped up and intercepted the blow, his hand tightly gripping the other guy's wrist and pushing both back against the wall.
"Get the fuck off me!" Tyson snapped and tried to push himself free.
"Nope, you're gone," Jack said calmly, and before Jessie knew what was happening, he had Tyson's arm behind his back and was marching him toward the front door, almost like a little kid getting hauled to the office.
Tyson was swearing and protesting the whole time as people came to see what was going on. Ronnie had been close by and had also seen the whole thing. He came over to help Jack, not that it was needed, and the two swiftly ejected Tyson from the house. Jessie and the others followed behind, watching in wonder as the deed was done.
"Get the fuck out of here," Jack said, a finality in his tone that left no room for argument.
"Fuck you, man!" Tyson spat. "I'm not leaving without my girlfriend!"
"I'm not your girlfriend anymore!" Daisy yelled from beside Jessie. "You just tried to slap me!"
"Wait... what?" Dex asked, having emerged with the group. He moved quickly over beside Jack, but Jessie saw the older brother stop him with a raised hand.
"He's leaving," Jack said, and though he was looking at Dex, it was clear that he was speaking to Tyson. "No more arguing. No more whining. Get in your car and go. Now."
Tyson had been about to say something else, but Jessie saw that Blake had emerged as well and none of the four guys outside were looking very pleased.
"What the fuck ever," Tyson said, then turned and stomped to his truck. Jessie saw the guys all make sure that he'd left before the group went back inside together.
After the drama was done with, Daisy came and hugged Jack tightly. "Thank you," she said.
"Are you okay?" he asked.
Jessie saw the two walk over to the couch and sit, lost in conversation. She turned and saw Dex then and went over to talk.
"What happened?" she asked.
"I'm not really sure," he said.
She was amused to learn that Alec and Erin had chosen that night to come clean about misleading Dex the weekend of the amusement park trip, and that Erin had been sucking Dex off in the den when Daisy and Tyson had started fighting.
"Honestly, all she was doing was watching for like five seconds before he came in," Dex said after he'd explained what had happened.
"I wouldn't worry about it," she said, smiling at him. "I'm glad you were having fun before it got interrupted, though!"
He smirked. "Yeah, it was a little weird, but who doesn't like getting head?" He fixed her with a curious look. "Still misbehaving?"
"Not as much as I'd like to be, but a little here and there," she said. "I was just about to take your brother upstairs and drain him dry when Tyson had to spoil things. What about you? Where's Donna?"
He frowned and rolled his eyes. "I was about to go and check on her. She's been drinking pretty heavily."
"I know, I saw," she said with a frown. "I'll be down here keeping an eye on things if you need to take her up and put her to bed."
"That sounds like a good idea," he said. "I'll see if I can get her to sleep and then try and meet you back down here."
"Deal," she said happily and turned to go and check in with the people still around partying.
After a half-hour, she figured that Dex had either passed out, or that Donna hadn't let him leave. Either way, she didn't blame him. Hehadpromised her to spend the evening with her, and Jessie wasn't going to stop that from happening.
The party started to die down a little after that, and after she walked Alec and Erin out, she shut and locked the door behind them after waving goodbye. Turning, she went back into the living room and wondered if she should just go upstairs and sneak into bed with Dex and Donna.
She was still irritated at not being able to get dirty for him all that much, but she truthfully more tired than anything. She'd playeda lotthat day, after all.
She just wished that she could have at least gotten a little slutty. She barely had anything to tell Dex about as it was. She began to think about the sex that they'd shared earlier and the memory alone sent a shiver down her body. He'd said something during his punishment though, and it was when she was standing there alone after the party that she thought about it again.
With a giggle, she went to the den and stepped quietly in. There on the sofa, just where she'd last seen him, was Jason. He had a thick blanket pulled up around him and a pillow shoved haphazardly under his head.
As quietly as she could, she snuck over to him and got undressed again. When she was completely nude, she gingerly lifted the cover and slid inside.
*****
Dexter
"Bitch," Tyson spat.
Dex turned, seeing Daisy's eyes go wide before she spun around as Tyson stomped back out of the room.
"Shit," he muttered, and quickly stepped back as Erin stood up from the commotion of the two arguing.
It took him longer to get his dick put away in its ridiculous state than he wanted, and he only caught the end of the argument as his brother marched Tyson outside.
Once the excitement had died down, he took a moment to check in with Jessie and make sure things were okay.
He explained the events from his viewpoint but wasn't able to offer much in the way of explanation. She quickly reminded him about Donna and went back to the den where he'd last seen her.
As he turned to corner to walk in, he almost ran into her stumbling down the hall.
"Dexsh," she said, collapsing into his arms.
"Fuck," he muttered. "You're hammered."
"Yep!" she confirmed. "Lesh go upstairsh. You promished."
He sighed, lifting her back to her feet and slowly making his way upstairs with his drooling, slovenly package. Eventually he was able to get her into his room and unceremoniously tossed her into bed. She responded by flopping over and spreading her legs, then reaching out for him.
"Ugh... rooms shpinnin'" she slurred. "C'mon... lesh fuck..." As she spoke, she was trying to clutch at his arm with her fingers. "Dexsh..." she whined after a few attempts.
"Honey... you're way too drunk right for this to happen tonight," he said.
"Noooo," she cried, and tried to sit up again. That caused her to fall off the bed completely with a thud. Seconds later she was laughing as hard as he'd ever seen and trying to get back up.
With some effort, he was able to get her standing up again. She began to dance in place when he started to undo the shorts she'd put on after getting out of the pool.
"Donna... stop," he said, getting a little irritated.
"Deeeexsh..." she whined. "You promished!"
He brought both hands up and cradled her head with them, forcing her to look at him. "This isn't going to happen tonight, honey," he said. "You're way too drunk and your family is still here."
"Deeeexsh," she whined again, but then sullenly held still while he got her undressed.
Finally, she was down to the bikini bottoms she'd put on earlier that day. He pulled the covers back and gestured for her to get in, which she reluctantly did.
"You don't want me cuz I'm not a slut," she snapped. "I see...I saw... you with that slut earlier. That's all you want is sluts."
Dex sighed, rubbing his temples.
"Admit it," she said, and tried to glare at him but was unable to focus and ended up getting dizzy and falling backward.
He went around and climbed into bed, then pulled her hair up out of her face.
"You just love Jessie cuz she's a slut," Donna muttered. "I'm not and now you won't fuck me."
Dex sighed, really not wanting to deal with her in her state.
"Erin's a slut," Donna continued. "So jus' got and sex her. Get out of my room." Her eyes were closed and she was partially face-down in the pillow when she spoke, then threw her arm out wildly and pointed straight up.
"Out," she said. "Bashtard."
He sighed, shaking his head again, then pushed her arms down to her sides.
"No," she said, slapping his hands away. "Jussh leave me alone."
He immediately sat up in bed, more than done with her that evening.
"Noooo, wait..." she whined almost immediately. "I'm shorry. Pleash..."
He turned to see her looking up at him, her beautiful green eyes focusing on him for a few seconds.
"Just hold me," she said.
Dex laid back down in bed, then pulled her into his arms and let her snuggle up to his chest. Stroking her hair, he started to drift off to sleep. She would randomly say something every so often and wake him up, but eventually she grew still.
The last thing he heard before he drifted off was, "I love you."