(The second in a weekly series)
At work the day after Mrs. Walker's masturbation shoot, all seemed so normal to Luna, it was strange. Luna had witnessed something extraordinary, yet Sammy moved around as if nothing unusual had happened, it was just another day. And in the end, so it was. Sammy worked on putting the album together for Rui, Luna tended the store with no help no matter how busy it got and Sue was off doing whatever Sue did on Saturdays.
Luna wasn't in on the day that Rui picked up her final product. Sue told her Rui loved it, and it wasn't spoken of again.
Luna got another photo session for herself, though, another catalog shoot - this time for socks! Long colorful striped socks.
"It will get a little bit naughty, though," Sue warned, "Your face won't be in it, but you'll need to wear a short denim mini, so it will get a bit edgy."
"Oh," Luna said.
"Interested? This one pays more. $420 for you and for us, each."
"Wow! What... why is it so much more?"
"Short skirt. Legs," was all Sue replied.
The shoot was on Sunday again. The three of them were there, Luna, Sammy, and Sue. Sue was fine with the state of Luna's skin on her legs, all they did was rub in some anti-glare. In many ways, it was the simplest of shoots, but there were two poses that Sue knew Luna would need massaging through.
"On a wooden stool," Sue read out the instructions, "One shot leaning over from behind. One shot sitting with legs open. Vagina hidden in the dark, but available for post-publication contrast discovery."
"I don't get it," Luna said, confused. "What's that mean?"
"It means we need your underwear off," Sue said without fuss. "Then we take photos that normally would just show shadow under your skirt, but if someone took the photo and enhanced it, they could see your pussy lips. One shot in front, one behind. It means the client's campaign is sexy but acceptable. But, there is a secret level for people to 'hack'. Intentionally accidental. But I need your underwear off and your pussy shaved."
Luna looked at Sue, then Sammy. She said nothing. What was there to say?
"Let's get started," Sue said. "Sammy, turn around while Luna puts the skirt on."
Sammy turned to get his equipment tuned. Luna took her regular skirt off, standing in her t-shirt and white panties. Sue handed her the denim skirt.
"The t-shirt is in the way," Sammy said once she put it on and spun around. "It hangs over the skirt. Need the shot to range up to about belly button."
"Take it off," Sue suggested. "What have you got on under?"
"Ah... my bra."
"Let's take a look."
Luna hesitated, with Sammy looking straight at her.
"Come on," Sue laughed. "We've seen you in your bra before. And out of it."
Luna lifted her t-shirt up and off, seeing a wry smile on each of Sammy and Sue's faces at the nerdity of it.
"Take the normal shots first," Sammy said to Luna, "You can leave your panties on for now, start with the leg shots."
The socks were long, up to the knees, and super colorful. Sammy had her try several pairs, shooting from all angles.
"I can see the white panties in the shots, though. Glimpses," he frowned, revising them. "And the ones angled up from below, the bra is sneaking in, or the bra strap."
"Take it off?" Sue suggested.
"No," Sammy shook his head. "We can't have tits in the shots any more than we can have a bra. Get her a crop-top tee or short singlet? Is there one in there, out back? But the panties will need to come off. Unless she has a t-back with her, we'll have to go early on the bare pussy."
"Won't that get into the regular shots, they only wanted her pussy to show in two photos?"
"I can keep it out. Will be easier than having a fleck of white there. The less photoshopping we need the better."
"Okay," Sue nodded. "Luna, come with me to the ladies. Let's see what you've got under your skirt."
Luna shuddered visibly.
"Four hundred and twenty dollars," Sue reminded her. "And nobody in the world outside us three will know it's you. Come on, let's take a look."
When Sue brought Luna back out of the bathroom, she was in a white cropped singlet that clung to her breasts and the short denim mini skirt. Sue spun her around, lifting the skirt at the rear to show Sammy her bare ass. Luna blushed crimson.
"Okay, her panties are off. And surprisingly, her pussy is clean. She's given herself a nice trim. I only had to shave the lips, the rest is tidy."
"Really?" Sammy said, equally surprised. "That's perfect. But before that, let's retake the regular shots. Luna, try to keep positions where your pussy doesn't show, we can't have that searchable on these regular shots, okay?"
"Okay!" Luna answered louder than she intended. Not showing her pussy was a normal thing to do! They redid the photos from before, lots of different socks, lots of different angles. Luna was conscious of hiding her vagina from the camera but inexperienced in covering up when changing socks. If she'd known how many times her pussy had been wide open for Sammy to look at, she would have been mortified. With her labia freshly shaved, it was easy for Sammy to see her inside color as the lips parted. And it wasn't until they reviewed the shots that Luna realized the extent her ass came out from the rear of the mini skirt. Instinctively she tried to pull it down.
"These are great," Sue said, smiling. "Luna, your legs are first-rate. So is your ass. Sammy, you are an artist, you've shown her brilliantly."
"I thought you weren't allowed to show under the skirt," Luna said nervously.
"Not your pussy. Your ass is okay, though. They're adult socks."
"Don't worry Luna, it's a nice ass. And remember, no one will know it's yours unless you tell them."
Luna instinctively shook her head. No chance she would be doing that.
"Okay, let's get the money shots," Sammy said. "Sue, pass the stool."
Surrounded by a single huge white canvas tarpaulin that covered the wall behind and flowed down over the floor, Sue put a single tall wooden stool in the middle.
"Luna. Sit up on it. Face me," Sammy said.
Shaking like a leaf, Luna followed the instruction.
"Nobody will know it's yours," Sue reminded her.
"Okay," Sammy told her. "Put your hands on the stool behind where you sit. Right. Rest both feet on the rail and keep them there. Now open your legs to me. Wide."
Luca took a deep breath. She opened her legs to Sammy and his camera.
"Wider. Keep going. Sit a little bit forward. Yeah, that. Legs wide. Come on, wider."
As Luna spread her legs, the skirt piled up. Her vagina was entirely on show. And it was open, she could feel her lips parted, cool breeze tickled the wetness of her hidden insides.
"That's too exposed, surely?" Sue said. Her concern was with the client rather than Luna. "They won't want her pussy that obvious."
Luna closed her eyes and wished she was somewhere else. No one had seen what those two were seeing. And as the camera clicked, the whole world will see.
"No one will know it's yours," she whispered to herself.
"Sue, see if you can keep her pussy open like that but create some shadow. Can we get the light behind her, but still in front of the socks?"
"Yes, I'll pull out my magic wishing wand for you," Sue growled, experimenting with the lighting as Sammy watched. As much as he tried not to, Sammy couldn't help but stare between Luna's legs. He could only imagine how wonderful that pussy staring back at him tasted.
After much trial and error, Sammy got the effect he was looking for. The socks were bathed in white light, and Luna's vagina was in full view but in shadow. With digital enhancement, it would come up clearly, but not unless you played with the photo.
"Okay, same from behind."
Luna stood and leaned on the stool. Legs wide open, just like her pussy lips, and fully exposed way below the hemline of the denim. Sammy couldn't just see Luna's pink insides, he could smell her when he was close. It was everything he could do to hide his erection.
Getting her pussy hidden from light this way proved more difficult. Luna spent a long time exposing her vagina to Sammy and his camera, while Sue did all she could to create light and shadow in the appropriate balance.
"No one will know it's mine," she kept whispering to herself.
Once Sammy had what he wanted they went through several socks changes, then fiddled around to get the light right again.
When they finally said 'enough', Luna sat exhausted and emotionally drained on the stool while those two looked through the photos.
"Come see," Sue encouraged.
When Luna got off the stool she flushed red.
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry," she said, worried.
"What?" Sue quizzed.
"A snail trail!" Sammy laughed at the vaginal leakage Luna left on the stool seat.
"I'm so sorry, I'll go get a cloth," Luna scrambled.
"It's fine. Just use the tissues over there."
"I'm so sorry," Luna kept saying.
"Good to see you enjoyed the shoot," Sammy teased.
The photos did look good, even Luna had to admit. Sammy had a way of bringing the best out of her body, and the product on her body. The angles, the light, the color, and the poses, all came together.
"Here," he said, "This is what the public will officially get."
The photo was sexy, it was pushing the limit but showed only darkness between her legs. But when Sammy upped the exposure, oh wow. It was right there, the whole thing, for everyone to see.
"But they won't see it, not officially," Sammy said, pulling the settings back to the original, "Because the official photo will look like this."
"And anyway," Sue harped on, "No one will know it's yours."
When Luna finally dressed and went home to Grandma's things were even weirder. Grandma and her house were so conservative and asexual, just like Luna had always been herself. Luna had felt perfectly at home, perfectly suited. But things were different. She had gotten undressed with Sammy openly watching, staring at her pussy as she untangled her panties, staring at her breasts when she swapped the singlet for her bra and t-shirt. And his wife was just there, Sue didn't even break stride, not a single eyelid was batted. They seemed like normal folk, but their normal was not the normal Luna knew.
She left her pants off when she went to bed that night, again trying to see if she could discover what Rui had done to herself. There wasn't much change to last time when poking around inside herself, nothing sexy about it at all. But when she rubbed outside, and thought of the look in Sammy's eyes when he watched her breasts when she changed, and her pussy during the shoot... there was a little slopping sound.
"Oh, my god. I'm wet," she moaned, rolling her clit. Was there some feeling buried in there? Instinctively she brought her finger up to taste herself as Rui had. Hmm, maybe that was it. Her first taste of sex.
Luna's parents were super appreciative of the money. They thought Sammy and Sue were angels. Every dollar helped replace essentials in the house or go toward clean up.
"Keep going darling," her mother smiled over the video call, "Though we can't even tell it's you wearing those socks."
Luna had sent only the simplest photo examples, the ones where the focus really was the socks. At work, though, Sammy showed the website links to the most risqué ones.
"Oh my god," Luna said, amazed at how it turned out. The photo was of her sitting on the stool, both feet on the rail and legs wide open. The skirt was barely visible, serving only to create shade over her pussy. The caption said: It's Warm Inside. Soozi.
Soozi was the socks brand, but clearly, they weren't just talking about the socks.
"Over fifty thousand likes on Insta," Sammy smiled. "But check this out. Someone changed the exposure and did a pretty good job. Look at that!"
Luna gasped. Her pussy was as plain as day. The shadow was entirely gone. Her shaved pussy lips were open, showing her pink insides.
"Over two hundred thousand views and climbing. You have the highest trending vagina on the internet. Globally. And it's all branded. The client is stoked."
"Oh my god," Luna blushed.
"Your cunt is public goods now," Sammy teased her. "Globally famous. But no one knows it's you. If you wanted to 'fess up, you could make a fortune in offers for other jobs."
"No way! It's too much, too many people have seen it. People I know will have seen it."
"Almost certainly. But you could make a lot of money. Your body, without clothes, it could make you a good income."
Luna took a deep breath. They needed money. To say no would be selfish, no?
"I don't think my parents would want me to do something naked that was so public. I know we need money, but if I got undressed and people we knew saw it, they'd be mortified."
"You showed them the photo of the socks. If they see this version, won't they put two and two together, work out it's your pussy they're looking at?"
Luna laughed.
"My parents won't be on a site like that! Or their friends. And even if they did they would never ever admit it, believe me."
"So you could safely do bodywork for porn sites?" Sammy proposed.
"Aren't there more shoots I can do with my clothes on?"
"Yeah. Sometimes. Won't pay as much, but sometimes."
Apart from occasional involvement in customer shoots, Luna's life was rolling along toward final exams. Her parents were doing the best they could to work and clean and rebuild the home and garden eighty miles away. Because school was online, Luna didn't connect with people her age locally in Grandma's town. She really was only meeting people through the photo shop. At least that was something.
The next shoot Luna did herself was for pantyhose, the photos that go on the pack they sold in. Sexy, but nothing nude, and again no face.. There were small panties to match the hose. Nothing on top, although the photos only reached belly-button height so she could wear the cropped singlet over her bra. Sue wasn't there for the shoot; there was no need for makeup of any kind, and nothing complicated about the subject.
Except - Luna's panties needed to match the color of the hose. The panties had been sent along in the pack from the client, to ensure a perfect match. Which meant although there were no naked shots, there was plenty of nudity between shots. Luna changed her panties many times, standing in front of Sammy. He smiled and kept photographing when her pants were completely off.
"Just for fun," he smiled. "For my personal collection."
Luna couldn't tell if he was joking or not. She stood and let him take snaps, smiling as requested, turning to show her ass as requested, leaning forward, and opening her stance so he could see her pussy clearly from behind.
"Do you want some of these photos?" he asked, "Show them to your boyfriend?"
"Ah no, no it's okay."
She didn't know how to say she'd never had one.
"Do the last few pantyhose shots with your top off?" Sammy probed, with a big grin.
"You want me... completely naked?"
"If I could, yes."
"Why?" Luna asked naively.
Sammy shrugged. "I don't know, curious I guess. I haven't seen all of you undressed at once."
Luna was standing facing him in just her small top.
"Your cunt it out, and I've seen your tits already, so... not really a big deal to do both together, right?"
Sammy stepped in slowly, and gently took Luna's crop top and pulled it up. She lifted her arms, letting him. In only her bra, Sammy reached around to unhook it, pulling the straps down her arms, her breasts spilling free.
Luna gasped when Sammy took them in hand, gently holding and squeezing. She flinched as his thumbs crossed back and forth over her nipples. Her head was spinning in shock, ecstasy, disgust, and joy. How could she ever know it would feel so good to have her breasts held by a man? But this man? It was so wrong.
Sammy was in heaven. He'd never been so hard. He couldn't believe Luna had let him undress her and let him touch her. Her breasts were so young and fragile, yet strong. How far could he push her? How far should he push her?
Sammy could sense that if he ran his hand down her back, she would let him. If he held her bare ass, she would let him. If his finger went between her legs, she would let him. Not because Luna wanted it, but because she didn't know how to say no. And Sammy knew that if he got his hand in her pussy, he wouldn't be able to stop there. The only way he could stop was after his sperm had left his erection and sprayed violently into her vagina, swimming desperately further into her body.
"Thanks for that," Sammy said, stepping back. "Your breasts feel magnificent. They look... magnificent. It's a great privilege to have them in hand. Thank you. Come on, time for the white set."
Sammy handed her a pair of white panties and pantyhose. Luna was breathing heavily and she dressed her bottom half, posing topless for Sammy's photos. She knew he was also taking photos of her breasts, and when she got naked again, going from white to lavender underwear.
"You won't show anyone?" Luna asked, standing hands on hips facing him entirely nude.
"Just for me," Sammy assured her. And it was true. Sue wouldn't be happy if she found nude pictures of their staff taken 'for fun' when she wasn't there with them.
That night in bed, Luna left both her top and bottom off and crawled naked into the sheets for the first time. Grandma never came up into her loft bedroom, it was unlikely she would get caught. This time when she touched between her legs, it wasn't Sammy's eyes on her breasts she thought about, it was his hands. Sammy actually held her bare breasts in his hands and fondled them. When she brought her fingers up to the light they were covered in gunk, her pussy was leaking like a tap. When she sucked her fingers clean, Luna realized she was beginning to like the taste of sex.
Next instalment "The Photo Shop -- Delving Further" will be submitted for approval next Wednesday Nov 23, 2022!
Its a 'live' series, so feedback welcome - as long as its quick!