This is the fifth part in the adventures of Ryan and Beth. Please read the previous chapters to understand more about the characters and their journey so far. This is a Dom/sub story with elements of discipline, exhibitionism and humiliation.
Day 1
Ryan had an early flight the next day, so he was gone before Beth even woke up. She remembered their last night's amorous activities which reminded her of the challenge for the next few days making her both excited and nervous. Since she was still allowed to wear a bra, making a choice of clothing wasn't too difficult. She wore a medium thick skirt which hid her panty less condition well. After cumming several times last night, she convinced herself that she'd do just fine with Ryan's demands. She was determined to go through thus for the sake of reward that he'd promised. She was really hoping it to be worth the torture.
The commute to work was uneventful. She was aware of her state but it wasn't too bad. She couldn't imagine anybody on the tube paying any attention to her at peak hour anyways. After she reached work, she dropped her stuff at the desk before going to the restroom for her first edging session. Her phone pinged just as she closed the stall door.
"Hey sweetheart, you looked so peaceful this morning that I didn't want to wake you up. I've reached here ok and would likely be in meetings all day. Hope you remember your tasks well. I'll call you tonight from the hotel."
She sent a quick reply, "Yes, I do remember it all. If you must know, I am about to get started on the first one ;)."
There. She wanted him to suffer in anticipation almost as much she was going to suffer from edging. She put a five minute timer on her phone before hitching her skirt up.
It was just the start of the day so her unaroused pussy didn't surprise her. She fingered herself slowly, staring at the outer lips, taking her time to warm up. It didn't take very long before her body took over from her mind. Her fingers were now playing with her inner lips while wandering to her clit briefly. She put one finger into her waiting hole and pulled it in with her pelvic muscles relishing the feeling. In a few seconds, she added another noticing her arousal. Her clit was demanding attention now, so she started rubbing circles on it. She had started getting into a rhythm when her phone announced the end of 5 minutes. It was both disappointing and relieving. On the one hand, she was enjoying this but on the other hand, she knew that she'd not be able to cum anyways so getting out of this without losing her mind was good.
She looked at her wet fingers and remembered Ryan's instructions to lick them clean. She'd probably have preferred to wipe them off as she wasn't as horny right now but there wasn't any point if she cheated on the details. She raised them to her mouth, sucking them clean. This sure made her feel like a dirty slut licking her pussy soaked fingers first thing at work. She pulled her skirt down remembering not to clean off her juices. She was hoping it wouldn't be too bad as for others to notice.
She could get some work done before lunch not being as distracted by her arousal. She was confident until now that this would be a piece of cake and she couldn't stop grinning to herself thinking about the surprise. Come lunch time, she quickly went into the ladies room, pulled up her skirt, set her timer to 5 minutes and went to town. Being more confident, she didn't bother much with slow warm up but dived right into her fuck hole with two fingers. It didn't take very long to get her motor running. Her body needed more, so she unbuttoned herself to play with her nipples. They were already hard in anticipation. She circled her clit with her thumb while finger fucking herself while her other hand twisted her nipple hard. She could feel an orgasm building up in a distance. This is when the penny dropped. She remembered that she wasn't allowed to cum but she had taken herself pretty far pretty quickly because of her over confidence. She took away all the stimulation before it got too late mentally cursing Ryan. Taking a few deep breaths she noticed that her body was twitching to get her fingers back into her. Just before she could resume it, her timer went off. This time round she wasn't feeling all that happy. Although she had edged just once, it was a warning of the things to come. She sucked her fingers clean savouring the taste of her pussy. Though she liked her taste on her fingers, she loved it more on Ryan's cock, it made her feel so dirty. She wondered what it would be like to eat a woman. The sound of the door in next stall brought her back to reality and she remembered where she was. She adjusted her clothing only to notice that now she distinctly smelled like her pussy. She dismissed the thought hoping it's just her because she knows what she's done. Her thighs were still slick from her arousal making it difficult to take her mind off it.
Her afternoon was mostly spent in meetings and she found herself daydreaming about fucking her handsome boss on his office table. He caught her staring at the bulge in his trousers in one of the meetings, turning her beet red. Though this was embarrassing, it just fuelled her desire even more. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat hoping nobody saw what was happening to her.
After a long, distracted day, she reached home. Her journey home was filled with slight nervousness about the task she had to do. She knew it would be pure ecstasy until she would be forced to pull away her fingers from her aroused pussy, only to keep doing it over and over for 15 minutes. Nevertheless, she took a deep breath and decided to get ready. After a shower, without dressing up, she started to find a spot where she could rest her phone that would video her deed. Once she was satisfied with the perfect spot, she pushed record and set the timer.
Beth lay on their beautifully made bed - touching herself from her neck to her legs slowly, showing off to the camera. To begin with, she avoided her breasts, pussy and ass concentrating on other body parts. After a little warmup, she started kneading her boobs, touching them lightly then cupping them in her hands and then twisting her hard nipples. She was rubbing one leg against another offering a on and off view of her aroused cunt. When visible, one could really see that her folds were shiny with her juices. She kept manipulating her nipples for an few minutes until it got too painful for her. Slowly, she dipped one finger into her hungry pussy. Until now, she had her eyes closed but now she opened them to look directly into the camera before bringing her slick finger to her mouth. She sucked he finger making erotic sounds she knew would drive Ryan insane. She went back to continue fingering herself, now with 2 fingers. She touched her silky smooth inner lips still not going near her clit though. She decided to give Ryan the show that he wanted without actually making herself supremely miserable. She knew she'd still edge at least twice but that's better than 15 minutes of agony.
She again made a show of sucking her fingers looking directly the camera. Now she was so excited that she was moving her hips on the bed. She knew she looked like she was making home made porn but she didn't care anymore. Her body felt amazing rubbing on the soft bedspread and she was genuinely enjoying the touch of her supple skin. Once again, she started pulling her nipple while one hand started drawing circles on her clit. The mix of pleasure and pain was making her heady just like always. This was the bit she loved most shot being a submissive. Pain and pleasure stop existing as two different things, but become two sides of the same coin. They become intermingled so close that it became difficult imagining one without the other.
She could feel her orgasm building slowly in a distance. It still wasn't too bad so she kept going. After a few more circles on her clit, she forced herself to stop before she reached a point of no return. Gathering herself, she took a deep breath calming her excited nerves. Her hands were still on her mound and breast but she wasn't really touching herself. She wondered how much time did she have before she could stop. After a few more breaths, she started the tease again. This time, she focused on her breasts, squeezing them close, pulling them up to her face and drawing out her tongue to lick them. She knew Ryan wouldn't be expecting her to enjoy it so much. Just when she moved her hands to her hips, pulling her thighs apart, the timer went off. She didn't jump with relief; instead she dipped three fingers in her soaked pussy and sucked them clean all the time looking at the camera. Then she licked her lips showing him what he was missing.
She dressed up in just a silk nightgown feeling incredibly turned on but empowered. Though she knew she'd be miserable by the time Ryan gets back, she was determined to make him just as desperate. She had sent the video right away and expected him to call soon after. Instead he just replied that he'd call later as he is still in some meetings. He hadn't opened the video file yet.
Later that evening, Beth lay in bed thinking about next day's outfit when Ryan called.
"Hello beautiful, I take it you are very well?" He teased. Obviously, he had seen the video.
"Yes, I'm good Ryan. Thanks for asking." she didn't hide her sarcasm.
"You know I have seen your video about 7 times already. That was quite an interesting interpretation of my orders I'd say." he knew she could do better, but he didn't want to push her too much just yet.
"Awww, sounds like someone's trousers are getting incredibly uncomfortable." She laughed knowing how hard he must have become.
He chuckled to himself. Yes, he was hard as a rock. The little minx knew that would happen. "Well, the good news is that that someone is a Dom and can cum whenever they want. As luck would have it, they also have a personalised, unique video that they can use to stroke themselves to release. How convenient is that?"
"That doesn't sound very fair to me ." she pouted.
They both laughed a little more, feeling close to each other despite being far.
Day 2
The next morning Beth was feeling a bit more adventurous than the previous day so she picked up a skirt that was a bit shorter. This would mean she'd have to be more careful with her movements in office around people. She smiled feeling turned on already. Her exhibitionist tendencies were not hidden from either her or Ryan after those initial adventures he made her do. She put on some makeup, her favourite perfume and went to work feeling fabulous. In the train on the way to work, she was being very deliberate with her movements lest she exposes a bit much to her fellow travellers.
As soon as she reached work, she dashed to the ladies room to do her five minutes of edging. She considered sending Ryan a video of this too, but she held back remembering the first day when she got over enthusiastic. She remembered how he wasn't pleased that she tried to tease him, then making her pay for it. With all what she was anyways doing, she didn't want to make it any harder for herself.
Hitching her skirt up, she put the timer and settled herself down for some fun. This morning she was already wet with all the anticipation she had built. She touched her outer lips first slowly making circles on them, before moving to inner lips taking her time to enjoy the wetness. The silkiness of inner lips was beautiful. She could now feel her nostrils filling up with her sweet scent. She lost herself in her arousal, letting her body take over. She knew five minutes would pass before she could go very far, so she let herself slip into the feeling. Her fingers were now drawing slow circles on her erect little nub. It was sending spikes of pleasure in every part of her body. Before she could go any further, her alarm went off. She cursed Ryan mentally, almost screaming obscenities at him for not letting her go all the way. Reluctantly, she came out of the trance like state she had let herself go into. She licked her fingers clean. Pulling her skirt back into place, her inner thighs still slick, she went to her desk.
Though she knew that nobody could make out what was going with her, the thrill of knowing how naughty she was, was exciting. At one point, she uncrossed her legs while she was deep into work without realising the repercussions of it. She immediately remembered and pushed her knees back together laughing to herself.
Come lunchtime, she raced to the bathroom. Her pussy started throbbing with minimal rubbing and she knew it's only going to get harder from now on. Again, she sweared at Ryan in her mind, hoping he would be going through his personal hell for putting her through this. This time she had to stop twice before the stipulated 5 minutes to prevent orgasming. She took a few deep breaths each time she stopped, hesitating to go back lest she couldn't stop herself. But she was determined to do this. Frustrated when the alarm went off, she went back to work.
After reaching home later that day, Beth thought to send Ryan another surprise in her video. She showered and shaved her pussy completely. After setting the phone up for recording, she showed her body off to the camera first. She made sure Ryan got a good hard look at her smooth mound. He loved eating her out whenever she shaved. She started pinching her nipples looking seductively at the camera. Gradually she moved her hands to her toned belly, drawing circles around her bellybutton. She was moving her whole body slowly like dancing to a rhythm. Oh, this was going to drive him insane. She touched her pussy lips lightly and withdrew her fingers to squeeze her breasts. He was expecting her to be edging for fifteen minutes, getting more and more frustrated, but instead she was giving him a show!
Deliberate in her actions, she knew she had to be careful not to go too far. She managed to finish after edging just once and not as frustrated. After sending the video over, she waited for the call.
When Ryan called Beth, she had settled down in the bed with a book. She needed to drown herself into something else to shift her focus.
"Hello darling, how are you today?" He asked casually, as if he hadn't spent the last few minutes jerking to her video.
"I'm alright Ryan, I'm sure you could see that." She wasn't letting him off so easy.
"Of course I did. It's my highlight of the day. I look forward to you reaching home so I can see what my horny little minx would do. You know what I'm thinking Beth..." he took a brief pause to let anticipation build. His voice was amused but stern.
"I think you're too much of a tease. Too much of a tease to get away with what you are doing, if you think I don't know that." he stopped, knowing she'd try to defend herself.
"What do you mean by that? What am I doing?" She kept going knowing this would only mean trouble for her, but it was so much fun playing with him. Probably a more seasoned Dom would have had her over his knee by now, but she could stretch Ryan a bit more.
"I'd not explain that. We both know what you're doing instead of following orders. So, this is what you'll do tomorrow. You'll not wear any bra to work. Neither any scarf or coat to hide under. Wear one of the pretty button down shirts that look so good on you. You'll wear a short skirt that's just barely long enough to be worn at work. Also, you'll let at least one person know that you are naked under your top and skirt. I don't care how or who. Do you understand that?" Ryan was both amused and turned on by this.
Beth was quiet for a moment. He could hear her breathing. She was aroused but so scared. Probably that's why her excitement knew no bounds. He was punishing her for being a tease by making her do even more uncomfortable things. Gathering her courage, she said,
"Don't you think telling someone is a bit much?"
"Well, you should have thought about it before you decided to cheat on our little game, shouldn't you?" There was no missing the smile in his voice.
Beth sighed. He wasn't wrong, after all. "Bring it on, Ryan. Let's do it." She accepted the challenge. To his pleasant surprise, she didn't negotiate or complain. This was going very well.
Day 3
The next morning, Beth dressed up in a pretty light pink button down top that stretched deliciously over her full breasts but was not really see through. Her nipples stood to attention under the delicate fabric while the outline of her heavy breasts showed clearly. They sagged a little without the support of the underwire that they were used to, but still looked perky enough to stir desire in men. She walked around the room a few times enjoying the feeling of freedom. She laughed to herself thinking that people will assume this must be one of those feminist movements to abandon the bra prison or burn the bra or something. How wrong they would be! And how scandalised they would be if they found out the truth, which in their minds would be the polar opposite of feminism.
She paired it with a tight, black skirt that she never wore to work because she thought it was too short. She looked at herself in the mirror, barely recognising herself. She didn't look too slutty but it showed that she was hiding some secrets. She had still not given any thought to who was she going to tell and how. Her best bet was her colleague and good friend, Natasha who worked in her team. She guessed Natasha would know something was up when she saw her today anyways. It wasn't everyday she went to work dressed up in her slutty finest!
It was still not warm enough to go without a coat so she could hide under it on the tube. She was a bit cautious about her movements but she was confident in a city like London nobody cared even if she actually went naked! As she reached work, she saw Natasha already busy on a call typing away furiously on her laptop. She carefully peeled off her coat trying not to attract attention. Within thirty seconds, the young male intern on the desk in front of her had scanned her thrice and knew she was bra-less. Beth could see it in his eyes as he looked at her face and then at her breasts. "Does this count as telling someone?" She thought to herself.
As absorbed as she was in avoiding attention, she almost forgot her five minutes of edging. She was about to leave for the ladies when Natasha joined her and started ranting about tons of work that was given to her first thing in the morning, without even looking at her really. It was only when they reached the ladies, she looked at her friend and immediately knew she wasn't wearing any bra and her skirt was much shorter than usual.
"What's going on? She frowned.
"What do you mean?" Beth asked, not giving in as quickly.
"This is not how you dress. Why are your boobs on display and what happened to your skirt? I've never seen you dressed like this. Was it "Dress seductively day" and I didn't get the memo?"
Beth chuckled before answering, "No, I wouldn't imagine any organisation doing such a thing, though I'm sure it would attract the best talent."
"That's a non-answer Beth."
"Ok, so I'll tell you but you have to promise not to freak out." She looked at her friend expectantly hoping that she'd understand.
"Come on tell me, we'll see about that."
Beth realised she hadn't thought about how much she wants to tell or how much Ryan wants her to tell. Does she only tell about her lack of underwear or does she start from the beginning? Natasha was getting impatient now. She made up her mind to start with the most relevant topic and move wherever the conversation leads her.
"Ok, so I'm not wearing any bra... or underwear. And yes, this is the shortest skirt in my wardrobe that I can wear to work without warranting a call from Human Resources." she stopped, not knowing how to proceed further. She was hoping Natasha to ask a question that she can answer.
"And why would you do that?"
"It's a little game that Ryan and I are playing and he told me to do this." She was blushing furiously now. This was more complicated than she had thought. It warrants so many questions!
"Did you lose a bet?"
"Well no, not exactly." She paused but Natasha gestured for her to continue, so she decided to open another layer. "So, he's away to Munich since a few days and he's asked me to stay without underwear. There's also another dimension to it which I'm not sure you're ready for, so I'll skip it. The idea is to keep me horny. It's not as weird as it sounds, really." She tried to smile through the blush that had reached the top of her breasts.
"Beth, I have a feeling there's something that you are not telling me and it's making it difficult to connect the dots." She wanted to know all of it.
Beth scratched her head debating within herself whether to tell more or not. She had technically completed the challenge but was now feeling like she owes Natasha an explanation. If she told her now to back off, Natasha surely would, but it wouldn't be right. "Right. Here goes nothing. Ryan and I are playing this sexual game of power and control. He tells me to do sexual stuff and I do it. So, he has the power to control me. He had told me to be without panties and also do a certain thing which I didn't do as expected, so he's made it more uncomfortable for me now. I know it sounds very odd, but I promise it is not. And really, I asked for it." she sighed, weight finally off her chest.
Natasha blinked a few times. "What? You do whatever he asks? Why? And honestly, I didn't take Ryan to be so bossy. I mean, no offence, yeah he's pretty hot, but I didn't take him to be the one ordering around kind!" she was asking too many questions she was aware, but this was insane. Why would her friend agree to such a thing was beyond her understanding.
"Slow down Nat. I know it's a bit much to deal with at once but trust me I'm happy. Happier than I've ever been. It's frustrating at times, but I need this. We need this. I'll answer your questions in detail another time. For now, just keep this to yourself." she gave her a friendly smile.
Natasha sighed, "Fine. But I'll going to come back with questions." she warned.
With that, Beth went to do her first five minutes of edging of the day, feeling both excited but proud of not being as desperate as she thought she would be.
The day was difficult, she couldn't tell if she was imagining everyone looking at her chest or was everyone really looking at her chest. She couldn't wait for Ryan to arrive and this to be over soon.
She knew that Ryan was displeased that she was teasing him and that's why he made her more uncomfortable today. However, she still thought it was fun to be a little disobedient. When she reached home later, she decided to take it up a notch this time. Show him she still had a few hidden arrows in her arsenal. She decided the script she was going to follow.
Later that day, she went to their toy drawer, admiring Ryan's super organising skills. She was usually only allowed to open it when he explicitly asked to. She remembered he had said that she could use toys so she took it as an invitation to snoop into the drawer. She could see a few new things that got her pussy gushing with anticipation. She thought for a few minutes, picked up a few items and once satisfied with her choice, went to set up the phone.
Beth began the video by standing in front of the camera, doing a dance showing her ample curves in her tight skirt and top. Her nipples were erect and unmissable even in her top. She showed off her deliciously voluptuous body in a slow striptease. Each piece of clothing was peeled off her body really slow ensuring he gets an eyeful of how she looked the whole day. After she was naked, she took a vibrator, brought it to her soaked pussy while continuing to look straight into the camera. It was already 8 minutes into the video and she was just getting started, she was pretty proud of this, though a part of her knew Ryan won't be pleased. She moved her spare hand to her nipples to pull them erect. The hum of the vibrator increased but she pulled it out of her pussy, showing it to camera. The toy was glistening with her arousal. Giving a seductive smile, she stuck out her tongue and gave the toy a lick from bottom to the top. She closed her eyes while continuing to lick the stick on all sides. This was definitely going to get Ryan insane with desire.
Slowly she took just the toy head in her mouth and looked through hooded eyes. She kept talking more of it in her mouth while continuing to touch her body. Relaxing her throat further, she almost took the whole giant toy in her mouth. She rotated it in mouth a little while letting out small grunts of satisfaction. The wetness between her legs was increasing every second. She dipped two fingers into her folds and brought a clit vibrator to touch her little nub. She set it to lowest speed and placed it very lightly on her. She wanted to tease him but not go so far that she couldn't stand the frustration. She could see herself looking like a total slut with a rubber dick in her mouth, fingers buried deep into her fuck hole and another vibrator on her clit. She exchanged the positions of the thick toy and fingers again licking them like an ice lolly. Her alarm went off as she was debating switching off clit vibrator or waiting a bit further.
Quickly, she sent the video to Ryan. He was supposed to be back the next day and she couldn't wait for her reward. She had managed to not orgasm until now and though she was frustrated, she wasn't going as insane as she thought she might go. Just as she came out of the shower, she heard her phone ringing. It was Ryan, she hadn't expected his call until later.
"That's pretty quick. Did that make you want to leave work and come home?" She chucked feeling frisky today.
"Beth." His tone left no doubt that he was pissed. He didn't have to say anything else for her to know he had seen the video and didn't approve.
"Yes?" She swallowed.
"What were you supposed to do?" His voice was flat but there was no mistaking his disapproval.
"Hmm, play with myself for fifteen minutes." She offered, keeping it very subjective.
"And?"
"Edge myself." She added slowly.
"What did you do instead?" He wanted her to say it herself for it to mean anything.
"I did what you said Ryan. I fingered myself for 5 minutes this morning, then 5 minutes in afternoon and then 15 minutes when I was back home and recorded it for you." She was getting defensive now, not willing to budge.
Ryan had made up his mind at this point that she needs proper punishment unlike the ones he had been dishing out until now. If this has to work, it has to be done well. She couldn't be challenging him or finding loopholes in his orders all the time. Keeping himself calm, not taking her bait to argue, he decided to draw a line at this. "You realise you are going to be punished for this, aren't you?"
"But I completed it, I kept myself aroused but didn't cum. I haven't missed any of the edging sessions that you've given me. It seems unfair to punish me!"
"Beth, the more you argue, the more punishment you are going to get. We both know what you did. I wanted to come back home and reward you but guess that will have to wait."
"That's .." she started to argue but realised there was no point, he'd just add more punishment.
"Good. You just saved yourself some hard strikes by stopping in time. Anyways, I'll be home tomorrow. I suggest you have a good think about what you have done until then. Continue with the game. I'll send more instructions your way. Behave now or you're going to regret this."
He was agitated after the call. No Dom should punish their sub when angry, he was glad to be away, so he wouldn't do anything stupid. Taking a few deep breaths, he poured himself a drink. He needed a plan. She was being a brat on purpose, and though it was somewhat fun, he was still a new Dom and keeping pace with a mouthy sub and ensuring she stays obedient was getting difficult for him.
He decided to call Steve, the man who had helped him all the way in this journey until now. Steve was Ryan's colleague and a Dominant whose advice he had been following since he started this game with Beth. Steve was a brilliant man who was a disciplinarian but sensitive , both important traits of a Dom.
"Hey man! How are you? Is this a good time?" Ryan asked.
"Ryan! Yes, I have about ten minutes now. What's up?"
"I'll keep it brief. I'm in Munich for a few days and I asked my girl to edge a certain number of times a day. I also asked her to make a video and send it to me. Basically, I wanted her to be a hot mess for me when I'm home. However, she's made this into this teasing game where she is following the directions literally, but not in principle. I'm not sure what to do about it? Though it is not bad, it is not what I had in mind." There. He was not certain if he had summarised the problem well, but he felt like he had done a good job.
"Hmm, it really depends on how much you approve of it. I, personally don't appreciate my sub teasing me or not actually following orders. I'd rather she puts her energy in pleasing me than teasing me. I'd probably go for an uncomfortable punishment followed by a warning to increase it further if she doesn't mend her ways. However, as I said, there is nothing wrong if you don't mind a feisty sub. Some men do appreciate a bit of a challenge, but some like me like predictability and order. Depends what you want really."
"Honestly, I wouldn't mind this single instance but I'm worried this would become a pattern if I don't send a clear message this time. Though Beth likes this new dynamic, she still challenges me. It used to be ok with me frankly, as I was trying to find my feet, but I'm getting tired of it now. I don't want to procrastinate the problem any further. Conscious I can punish her using the regular implements, but do you have any other ideas that leave no doubt that I don't like this behaviour."
"So, the rule of the thumb is the punishment should fit the crime. If you're punishing her for torturing you, I'd say her punishment should leave her frustrated as well. I'd add a generous dose of spanking for good measure. Actually, thinking of ideas, does she have any exhibitionist tendencies? And more importantly, do you approve of them and want to play with them?"
"Yes she definitely does like to show herself off and so do I. However, we haven't ever done any public play if that's what you are asking. That's not to say I'm averse to try it." Ryan remembered the first time when he had made her flash herself to strangers and how much she enjoyed it. Though they hadn't really done much public play after that, he was sure she'd like it.
"Ok, so here's an idea. You take her to a public place, make her do the teasing with a couple of your friends or strangers if you're feeling adventurous, then bring her home and give her an appropriate beating for her misbehaviour. Of course this means you have to be extremely careful about who, where and what. You wouldn't want to invite any trouble over this. It should be a proper punishment and she should understand why is she getting punished. Make it a session she wouldn't want the next time. I'd suggest don't let her cum to ensure a consistent messaging. You can tweak this based on your appetites, obviously."
"I like the sound of it, I'm worried about the obvious though - exposing us to more than we can handle." He paused for a moment to think, then continued, "Would you do me a favour and be the 'stranger' in this plan? I wouldn't really be comfortable with someone I didn't know. Plus she hasn't seen you - so it'd be perfect. Do you think you can do this for me tomorrow evening?" Ryan asked.
"That shouldn't be a problem. I can also bring a friend if he's free - I can check if you'd like."
"Yes, that would be great. I'll message you the details tomorrow. Cheers man!" Ryan sighed. Taking a big sip of his drink, he started planning the evening. He thought about his initial plan of rewarding her - he had thought they'd act out one of her fantasies, but that'll have to wait. It was more important to straighten this out before going any further.
Back home, Beth was feeling a little nervous. Though they had agreed to be in a D/s relationship, it felt to her that he wasn't really very dominant. And that made her take liberties that she probably wouldn't with someone else. The recent phone call made her realise that maybe the situation is going to change. That would probably mean her brattiness would be checked. Though this was exciting and the thought of sinking deeper into submission made her pussy gush, it also filled her with anxiety. It suddenly felt like things were getting more serious and real while they had mainly been fun until now.
Though she was immensely proud of herself a little while ago, she was sure there would be hell to pay tomorrow. Ryan had clearly noticed how she was trying to avoid being a hot, horny mess and he certainly didn't seem pleased. She was debating if sticking to her defence would still be a good idea or should she concede. Deep down, she knew the answer.
Day 4
Beth was on her best behaviour today - when she was playing with her in morning, she edged twice in 5 minutes, trying to overcompensate for the last evening. Although she knew that the damage was done, she was trying to make up. Her inner thighs were slick and sticky with her juices. That edging had made her head swim already. She spent the morning in various meetings while getting used to people staring at her chest. She wanted to call Ryan to check what time was he arriving and if there's something else she needs to be doing, but she had a feeling that would do more harm than good. She stayed put, hoping he wouldn't be too harsh on her later today.
She edged herself twice during the afternoon - feeling absolutely miserable after that. After licking her fingers clean like instructed to, she straighten her skirt over her now soaked pussy. She could imagine what it would have done to her had she been doing it like Ryan intended. She probably would have begged to cum after a day or two or tried to negotiate. Or maybe she would have cum anyways and then taken punishment. She felt herself wet all the time that day, feeling more aroused since she started this game. She could smell herself so clearly that she was feeling embarrassed being around people. Her pussy felt tight and nipples erect. Anyhow, she wanted this to end tonight.
She hadn't heard from Ryan all day - he did say he'd send more instructions but he hadn't. She wondered if he had changed his mind, then chuckled to herself knowing that's not going to happen. Not wearing underwear for four days had made her hyper-aware of her body. She knew how her pussy clenched when she saw someone staring at her, she could feel like breasts jiggle if she walked fast, she could feel her nipples standing up to attention when they were eyed, she felt herself swaying her full arse a bit more if there were people behind her, she felt like turning into this slut she didn't know she was.
Later that evening, even before she could unlock the door of her apartment, she could tell Ryan had arrived home. The smell of food, the gentle thud of pots and pans, the soft pace of feet told her that he was cooking. Ryan wasn't an imaginative cook, he had mastered a few things well and generally stuck to the same recipes. If he was cooking, it was almost safe to assume that he wasn't mad at her. She took a deep breath and put her key in the door.
Ryan was standing at the hob holding a pan, with some vegetables and meat on the cooktop. His sleeves were rolled up to the elbows and his tie was loosened on the neck. He still looked undeniably handsome after a day of work and travel. He didn't move but raised her eyes to look at her. She wasn't sure what to do - giving him a hug seemed awkward, asking him how he was seemed superfluous, taking off her shoes and bag seemed disobedient, so she just stood there, waiting for him to say something. She gave him a tiny smile hoping he'd go easy on her.
He continued cutting stuff and didn't move from his place, just raised his eyes again to tell her what to do, "Go freshen up and wait for me in position in the bedroom."
She wanted to wait for him to at least offer a smile or a kiss after being apart for four days, but she also knew it would dilute their roles.
She scooted over to the bathroom to freshen herself up before undressing completely. She wanted to take a shower but didn't know how much time she had and didn't want to make Ryan wait. Coming back into the bedroom, she kneeled at the place directly in front of the armchair. It was neither very close to the chair, not very far, distance creating that tight sexual tension between them. She separated her knees noticing her moist folds, breathing in her scent, folded her hands behind her back thrusting out her tits and bowed her head low. Her breath was shallow, her heart beating fast not knowing what was coming. It was clear to her that he was upset and it was certain she'd be punished. Though she hoped he'd spank her and then fuck her, something told her that's not going to happen. She waited taking deep breaths to calm herself down.
After about fifteen minutes, she heard the door open and saw his shoes in front of her. She wanted to raise her head or talk, but knew better. She had tried raising her eyes a few times earlier and now knew that wasn't allowed either. She had to wait for him to make the move. She could see his shoes on the floor, knowing he was sat in the armchair looking at her face and body. She couldn't hide her feelings, thoughts or even freckles on her skin here in this position.
"Look at me Beth." He ordered.
She raised her head to look at the man she loved as a partner and respected as a Dom. His eyes were calm but his face wasn't amused. She clearly had crossed a line and would now be paying the price. She waited for further instructions.
"Do you know why are you here like this?" He asked an open-ended question testing her temperament.
"Yes, Sir. Because I misbehaved." She decided not to prolong her agony, There was no point really. She hadn't been honest in the game and it had to come to this.
He was pleasantly surprised at that. He wasn't expecting her to start from a place of complete truth. This just made his task easier and he was glad not to add any more punishment.
"What did you do, Beth, tell me." His voice was level, showing no emotion.
"You had asked me to masturbate and edge but I didn't do it well. I spent some of that time in things that would arouse me but wouldn't make me as miserable."
"And?" He wanted her to admit she was teasing him.
She hesitated for a few moments knowing what he wanted to hear.
"And I tried to tease you." She admitted, her head hanging down unconsciously to avoid eye contact.
"Did I give you permission to look away Beth? Eyes on me." She quickly raised her head to look at him - he looked fierce and so different than the man he was before she submitted to him. His eyes were dark, his jaw tight, shoulders square, body attentive, like he was waiting to pounce on his prey. She suddenly felt a strong desire to please him - both by her body and her behaviour.
"Why did you do that?" He continued.
"I think a part of me just wanted to be bratty." she admitted, feeling a weight lifting off her chest.
Ryan smiled a little. "Beth, I don't mind bratty sometimes, but I cannot have you challenging my orders all the time. I'm still new to this and keeping pace becomes very hard. I will have to start amping up the punishments if you keep going like this. Do you get that?"
"Yes sir. I understand." Her pussy twitched for him. She felt aroused by his promise of punishing her more. At some level, she wanted to submit deeper, she just didn't know if he was ready to take it. And she realised a lot of her brattiness is to provoke him to do that - take more control, demand more, punish more and reward more.
"Good. Eyes down now." He waited for her to move her gaze before continuing. "We have to fix what you didn't do until now. So, here is our plan for this evening. Firstly, you are going to do the fifteen minutes of edging in front of me. Properly. I want to see that struggle that I wanted to see in the first place.
Secondly, I have noticed last few days that you enjoy being a cock tease, so I thought why not give you an opportunity to do so with more people since you enjoy it so much. We'll go to a pub and you'll do what you do so well. Get your juices flowing, let others see how much of a slut you really are." Her eyes widened and it took all she had to not look at him in disbelief. She was sure he wasn't joking, but this made her nervous.
"After we come back, it's time for your punishment for not following orders and being a cock tease. I'd suggest you don't spend all your energy while we are out because the punishment I have planned for you will need your strength. Goes without saying, no alcohol for either of us. So, don't even imagine getting drunk and flashing yourself. Any questions?" Though he was acting cool, he was nervous about the whole thing - getting his partner to dress seductively, getting two new men involved, a long, thorough, hard spanking were all making him anxious but talking to Steve had given him some assurance.
"No sir." She quietly said, though she was dying to ask when does she get to cum, she knew she wouldn't get any points for that, so she stayed quiet.
"Let's get started then. Get comfortable and show me how you touch yourself. Don't worry about the time, I'll let you know about that." he offered.
Beth had a quick glance at him before changing positions. His eyes were clouded with lust, making him even more desirable.
She lay comfortably on their bed, spread her legs and started moving her hands all over her body. Pulling her nipples, drawing circles on them, squeezing the breasts, she let herself enjoy the feeling. Slowly, she let a finger near her folds. She slowly opened them, touching them lightly, letting the moisture flow. Reaching her inner lips, she enjoyed the silky smoothness and the slick wetness. She slipped one finger in her twitching pussy and felt it grip the finger tightly. She was hoping it to soon be Ryan's cock, but it didn't look like it was going to happen in next few hours at least. The man had self-control of a saint! Though this would make him weak, he would not change his plans she knew.
She added another finger eliciting a low moan. With her other hand, she was still playing with her nipples. She opened her eyes to see Ryan and she could see the struggle on his face too. He was fighting himself to not give in to her inviting body. With that image, she brought up her fingers and licked them clean. Then she started playing with her clit, drawing slow, lazy circles on it while other hand gently slapped her pussy. The contrasting sensations were driving her crazy. She increased the pace on her clit, all the while being conscious of how far to go. In a few minutes, she gathered herself to stop her fingers before she went a bit too far. The frustration was apparent on her face, bringing a smile to Ryan.
She took a few deep breaths and stopped all stimulation below her waist. She kept herself warm by playing with her breasts and licking her juices. She loved tasting herself, though she enjoyed it best on Ryan's cock. But again, she knew that'll have to wait. After a few more moments, she brought her hands back to her demanding pussy, This time, she went in with three fingers. The sound of fingers sloshing in very wet pussy filled the room. After a few more thrusts, she started moaning. She kept going and suddenly stopped. Her breath was racing and she waited for a few moments to calm down. She edged herself three more times, each harder than the last, before Ryan announced that she can stop now.
Looking at her had made him rock hard. He desperately wanted to do what any hot-blooded man would want - unzip himself and fuck her until they both screamed their release. However, he couldn't ruin the plan. He did decide to cum at least twice tonight to make up for this. And Beth...well, he was still unsure if he wanted to allow her to cum tonight or not. Maybe he could decide depending on how the evening goes.
He brought his focus back to her, she was now licking her fingers drenched in her pussy juice. The smell of her arousal was making it difficult for him to gather his thoughts. He closed his eyes for a moment, took a deep breath to gather all his strength before going further.
"That is what I wanted all the days Beth. Was it difficult?"
"Yes sir, it was difficult not to orgasm when I was so close." She wanted to pout, but refrained knowing he doesn't appreciate that.
"Self-control is a virtue Beth. And in our case, it is highly rewarding. Also, it pleases me immensely to know that I control your pleasure. Now, let's go and have a bite to eat before we head out. You don't need clothes, come on." He extended his hand to her.
Beth was a tad bit uncomfortable eating completely naked with Ryan while he was still wearing his clothes, tie, shoes and watch. It seemed he wanted to emphasise her nakedness even more by doing this. She found it extremely difficult to focus on anything other than the throbbing need between her legs. Added to it was the anxiety of flirting with strangers.
She was too lost in her thoughts, when Ryan said, "Right, so after we finish eating, you'll get ready to go out. I have got an outfit for you hanging in your wardrobe. Wear some glam makeup and shoes. I'll choose the people and you'll do what you were trying to do to me. Meet me in position near the door in 20 minutes time. Don't be late." He warned.
After Beth left the room, Ryan took a few deep breaths to calm himself down. The whole thing was intense for him too, but he thought about what Steve had said this morning. He did intend to test his theory more, but he could certainly see Steve wasn't wrong. He had explained that how sometimes a sub would misbehave because she is not getting enough. It is often an indication that she needs more from her Dom - more control, more punishment, more rule enforcement and overall a more demanding Dominant who would not let any transgressions slip! If the sub feels their Dom is not strict enough, they try to get that by behaving bratty and provoking their Dom to punish them. So, he had asked Ryan to test this out by being a much more demanding Dom this evening and observing how she responds to the stimulus.
Normally, he would have given her a hug at least after he saw her after four days, but instead he assumed the role of a strict, no-nonsense Dom who would make her sub behave first. He had butterflies in his stomach when he raised only his eyes to order Beth to wait for him in the bedroom. Kneeling naked in a pre-determined location while he first made her wait and then he sat fully clothed in front of her had become a ritual for them, but in reality he needed that time to focus on his emotions. Being a Dom was hard work, but he could see how much more compliant she was when he was unapologetic in his demands. This is why he asked her to dress up and kneel before they go. This would ensure she remembers who is in control even though she looks like a sex goddess. Also, it would remind her of the waiting ritual, getting her into the submissive mindset.
Beth scooted over to the bedroom, calculating she nearly has 18 minutes because she didn't just have to be ready in 20 minutes, she had to be waiting in position! She couldn't place her finger on what had changed, but she knew something about him was different. He behaved like a new man. A man who was in charge, a man who knew she belonged to him, a man who took what he wanted, a man who didn't hesitate to do a difficult thing if that is what is needed. She found herself feeling more drawn to his powerful demeanour than ever. She wanted to obey him, please him however he wanted. She looked at what he wanted her to wear - it was a tight black deep neck top that would hug her curves perfectly showing ample cleavage. The skirt was a pretty golden colour but very short, it just barely covered her ass. It wasn't very tight, allowing plenty of room to play. As she suspected, there were no bra or panties. She quickly showered and changed. Then she got started on her makeup and hair. Before she knew it, 17 minutes were over. Hurrying up now, she put on final touches and put on her stiletto heels. She could barely recognise this sexy woman in the mirror. Not wanting to upset Ryan, she climbed down the stairs, reached the front door and knelt as she was taught to. Knees wide, arms together at back, shoulders broad, breasts out and head down.
After a few minutes, she heard footsteps on stairs and it killed her not to turn her head up and look at him. He smelled fresh and clean. She breathed in deep, inhaling his scent as he stood right in front of her, looking at her kneeled form, not saying anything. She could see his shoes and knew he was close enough to touch, but she didn't move an inch, neither did she make a peep nor a sound. Satisfied with her posture, he commanded, "Beth, look at me."
She did. There was a calm on her face in spite of being so sexually charged. She felt safe in his hands.
He touched her cheek lightly, tracing her face with his finger. "You look beautiful. Almost too beautiful to make me forget what are we doing, but only almost." He said with a glint in his eye. "Come on, stand up now, lets make a move."
When they reached the pub, Ryan guided her with a hand on her lower back, while trying to spot Steve and his friend, Robbie. He found them on the bar with 1 empty barstool next to them which he knew was by design. Steve was a detailed planner by nature and thought of everything. Beth tried hard to blend in, but it was difficult to do so when she was dressed to attract attention. Most of the men eyed her from top to bottom making her feel weirdly empowered. Ryan asked her to go sit next to the two men on the bar. He asked her to sit directly on her ass by lifting her skirt, ensuring the men see her doing it, causing Beth to blush red.
Although Ryan was nervous, he was taking solace in the fact that Steve and he had discussed the whole thing in detail. They had decided a rough script, roles and boundaries. They had decided on no touching but a lot of flirting. Steve had suggested that he stayed a bit further from her, letting her get it on with the men. This will cause her to be both excited and uncomfortable, but probably bolder too. When Beth realised that Ryan is leaving her to do her thing, the gravity of her punishment sank in. She started begging him to stay on her side but he had already taken a few steps away. She felt herself getting wet between her legs which was weird because she was so anxious. The men in the pub were getting a good eyeful of her full breasts and barely covered ass. She finally made a move towards the bar, hoping her confident self to take over. Ryan, however, settled himself in a corner in the pub from where he could see the three of them. Though he trusted Steve, he didn't want to be a fool and turn his eyes away. And so it began.
As Beth reached the bar, the bartender scanned her from top to toe, giving her chest the attention it demanded. She bumped a little into Steve attracting his attention. She apologised with her words but her eyes said a different story. Confident she had his eyes on her, she sat on the barstool carefully lifting her skirt up. Steve saw that and raising his eyebrow, gave her an appreciate glance.
"Can I buy you a drink?" Steve offered.
"Yes sure, I'll have a ginger ale." She tried to answer as calmly as possible, trying to hide her anxiety.
"Are you sure you don't want anything stronger? From what I can see, you may be a bit cold." there was no mistaking what he meant. He had noticed her lack of panties.
The bartender placed a glass for her on the counter while also enjoying the view.
"Think I'm ok." She said, blushing to her neck.
"Well, you are certainly increasing the temperature here a bit, I'd say." Steve said. She noticed that the other man was also trying to join the conversation now.
"I'd say she's not just raising the temperatures, if you know what I mean." Robbie looked in her eyes when he said that and the men laughed. She turned beet red at this suggestion.
"Jokes apart, you really look beautiful. I'm Steve and this is Robbie. What's your name?"
"I'm Beth." she managed, cursing herself to not think of another pretend name.
"Are you here alone Beth? I can't help but wonder..." he paused, looked into her eye and changed his mind, ".. a lot of things really."
"Ummm, maybe I want to know what are you wondering about." She found herself becoming bolder than she admitted.
Steve raised a brow before answering, "No, I don't think you need to learn that here in a crowded pub. Maybe later tonight..." he paused and gave her a suggestive smile.
She blushed at the implication. She wondered if Ryan was out there watching her squirm.
Ryan was enjoying the show. Robbie had messaged him a few minutes ago that it was going well. Beth was uncomfortable but was now beginning to flaunt herself. Which was perfect. He'd go fetch her in a few minutes.
Their games continued with each conversation becoming more suggestive. Beth was high on all the attention she was getting. Though Steve had been flirting a lot, she couldn't help but notice that he hadn't even laid as much as a finger on her. No touching of the arm or thigh or a hand lingering on her hand for too long.
After a while, Ryan could see Beth squirming in her seat. Perfect! She was where he wanted her to be. He scooted over to her, gave her a serious look, before chiding her, "I see what you have been doing here. I think you really need to be taught a lesson for this." She blushed scarlet. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the two men laughing. He peeled her away from the bar.
Back home, Ryan told Beth to wait for him in position. Following their ritual, she now knew he'd make her wait allowing her to slip into the submissive mindset. She also knew he'd not go easy on her tonight. Finally Ryan came in and sat in the armchair.
"Beth, look at me." He ordered.
She did.
"Tell me why are you being punished."
"Because I was a brat and a cock tease." she admitted.
"I don't appreciate you misbehaving Beth. Tonight I hope after this punishment you'd be more obedient in following my orders. And I want the teasing to end. You'll not tease me or anyone else unless I ask you to. You belong to me and you do as I say. If I ask you to edge for me, you do exactly that- you don't make it into a strip tease to show off your body to me. Do you understand that?"
"Yes sir. I understand." she replied meekly.
"Good. Now we're going to get started. Tonight I'm going to flog you. It's a punishment so expect it to hurt." after a pause, he added, "You know Beth I had planned a mind blowing evening for us. I wanted us to enact one of your fantasies. I made preparations for that but guess, it will have to wait. Probably you'll remember this the next time you want to disobey me ."
Her legs were shaking with the anticipation of a punishment. He ordered her to kneel on the bed with her face down, sticking her ass in the air. He took her arms and secured them to the bed with cuffs. Bringing his fingers to her wet folds, he teased her. He was conscious that she hadn't cum since they played last, so he'd have to be really careful not to tip her over the edge before they both were ready.
"What are your safe words Beth?" He asked, caressing her full backside.
"Red to stop and yellow to slow down."
"Good. Don't be scared to use them if you need to. Now I'll be blindfolding you and also putting in some earplugs. You can make as much noise as you need to." He didn't want her to know when is the next swat coming and where.
He let the anticipation build - looking at her like this - blindfolded and bound for his pleasure was making him go crazy with desire. He watched her squirm for a tiny bit before going away to gather his implements for the night. He came back with a riding crop and a leather flogger. This flogger was mean, delivering a sharp bite. He started warming her up alternating with the crop and his hand. She was whimpering slowly but wasn't in any sort of pain. He rubbed her now pink ass to find it warm. The wetness between her legs was increasing he happily noticed.
After an adequate warm up, he flicked the flogger on the fullest part of her bottom, eliciting a short cry from her. It was still relatively light, but he would be amping up the sting very soon. He increased the intensity just a tiny bit in the next impact. The next few were delivered just where the ass meets the thigh causing Beth to cry out. He dipped one finger in her soaked pussy and let out a chuckle. The little minx enjoyed pain. He kept going with a steady pace, giving attention to all of her backside, making it a pretty shade of red. This wasn't the easiest spanking he knew, she was screaming louder than she ever had.
He kept at it, both of them into their own power play head-spaces. Beth was crying with pain, he checked to find her inner thighs completely wet. Though this must be painful, her body was responding in strange ways. After a while, he stopped and rubbed her now very hot skin. He removed the earplugs, blindfold and cuffs, checking in with her. She looked like a mess - her makeup had smudged with sweat and tears, her hair was disheveled, but she had a satisfied glow on her face.
He took her in his arms, "Are you ok Beth? Was that too much?"
"I'm ok. Of course it was painful but I'm ok. It was just right."
"Good. Because we are not done yet." he lowered her back into all fours and positioned himself just behind her.
"I'm going to fuck you now Beth. You have driven me crazy in the last few days. I was in two minds whether to let you cum tonight or not..." he paused and she groaned in frustration. She hoped he would let her cum, it had been very long. She didn't know if she could take it any further. "But you have taken your punishment well and I hope have learnt your lesson. So, I'm going to let you cum. But you'll have to ask as always. Ready?"
"Yes sir." she replied with great relief.
He couldn't wait any longer. He buried himself inside her with one hard, quick thrust. This one needed to be a hard and quick fuck. There was no more self-control left inside him to drag it out. He wrapped one of his hands in his hair and gave it a sharp pull, eliciting a moan from her. She loved when he pulled her hair while fucking. Her ass was still very sensitive from the flogging, making the experience painful, but so delicious. He brought his finger to her clit starting to give it the attention it wanted. She was moving towards her release very fast now.
"I need to cum Sir. Please I need to cum." She screamed.
"Just hold on for me a few more seconds. I want us to cum together."
He kept flicking her clit making her moan and scream.
"Cum for me slut. Cum now!" he growled.
She screamed her release while he grunted and came inside her. Her body shook and convulsed with pleasure. It was probably one of her longest orgasms.
They both collapsed in bed. Beth woke up to Ryan wiping her with a washcloth making her body hurt. She cried out in pain. "Sshh. You're alright. I'm going to put some lotion on now, you'll feel better in just a second."
Very gently, he rubbed the lotion on her bottom. The cool lotion felt like heaven on her hot skin. She drifted off right there in his embrace.
Beth woke up next morning with a sore body but feeling so sated. She had no memory of when she came to bed, concluding she must have slept soon after sex and Ryan must have carried her here. Ryan slept peacefully on her side. She touched his cheek softly, waking him up.
"Morning, beautiful. Did you sleep ok?" He asked with slight concern in his voice.
"Yes, I did. Good sex makes you feel like you are high on alcohol, doesn't it?"
He smiled. "Who needs any alcohol when you can instead flog your partner?" he chuckled reminding her of her punishment. He touched her bottom, making her wince slightly.
"Yeah about that. It bloody hurt."
"It was supposed to. You know that, don't you?"
"Yeah yeah I know that. But thanks Ryan. It was a very eventful week, I must say. I missed you terribly."
"I missed you too Beth. I hadn't known how difficult your videos would make my life."
"I look forward to getting my reward soon though."
"Patience is a virtue Beth!" He promised with a twinkle in his eye.