The Asian girl with a body to die for was pacing the room in her skimpy little white night gown, wringing her hands in frustration. She had decided that it was just too hard to wait for her parents' occasional outing to satisfy her lust. The throbbing in her groin was signaling that she needed relief.Soon.
Playing with her own pussy relieves the lust slightly, but the horniness was getting stronger by the day. She knew it was the Succubus' way of making sure she fulfils her part of the deal.
Months ago, Ling didn't look anything as stunning as this. She was just a plain looking girl. Some might even call her ugly.
But the Succubus had appeared in her dream and made her a deal. It will give her ultimate sex appeal by giving her control to change her body or face however she wants to, but she would have to satisfy her end of the bargain by seducing guys with great vitality to increase her magical power, thus spreading the message of lust and desire.
Ling had agreed to the deal, immensely tired of looking ugly. And now! She looked nothing short of amazing. She was a petite girl with 36C bouncy tits, a tight toned butt and an hourglass figure, complete with an innocent face that could be cheeky and naughty at times.
She already had two sexual rendezvous so far and they left her wanting more. It was so fun to tease guys!
Ling decided that she needed to move out, so that she would have more freedom to do whatever naughty things she liked! Although with the extra power she had accumulated from the previous romps, she was now able to create clothing out of thin air -- making money was still beyond her means.
No matter, she thought, that gives me a chance to make my own money. While having some fun on the way, a smile curling on her luscious lips. Flipping off her night gown, she thrust her tits into a thin orange strip of cloth that could barely pass as a tube top. Besides showing off her lovely cleavage, it even had buttons down the front. No bra as usual.
Using her magical power, she enlarged her tits to a 36D and made her pink nipples large and protruding by giving them a few pinches, giving her a good nice shivery feeling down her spine.
After putting on a little lacey pink thong, she then proceeded to put on a white floaty skirt, which she promptly shortened a good many inches, making sure it just covered enough of her delicious parts - only if she stood upright and if the wind wasn't being naughty.
After making sure the coast was clear, she sneaked out of the house in her sexy outfit and killer stiletto black heels. She was going to look for a job.
Dusk settled in. Ling arrived at the restaurant she was looking for uneventfully, except for the horny furtive glances from strangers that seemed to follow her everywhere nowadays. The restaurant served good food at exorbitant prices, but food wasn't the main reason customers flocked to the restaurant.
She stepped into the seedy-looking restaurant confidently, and asked to speak to the boss. Bending up from the cashier's counter, he appeared to be a blond dude of average height with piercing blue eyes. Eyes that seemed to be sizing her up, going down and up her body several times. He was probably imagining how she looked naked, she thought, grinning to herself.
Introducing herself as Lily (better to work with a fake name, she thought), she enquired about the possibility of a part time job here, emphasizing she was willing to work up to'demands'.
He pretended to think about it a while and then said: "I'm very agreeable to employing you, however, you need to do atrial shiftto make sure you are up to the job. The name's Bob, by the way."
"Sure! Can I start now?" she said enthusiastically, leaning forward, giving him a good look down her deep cleavage.
"Of course! Go ahead! I'll be observing you. Here's the menus," he said, passing her a few stacks of menus. "Go serve that guy over there. He's been asking for you," he said pointing to a dark haired guy sitting in a secluded corner, motioning for her.
Ah! Great, that guy has a strong tinge of vitality as well. Yum.
Picking up a menu, she stride towards the guy, her white skirt fluttering in the drift she stirred up, revealing a hint of her pink thong, which Bob definitely noticed.
"Hi, I'm Lusty Lily, I'll be your waitress for tonight," she exclaimed, bending right over and placing the menu on the table, letting him have a good long look at the creamy tops of her smooth tits. "As you might have heard, this is my trial shift, so if I get it right, I'll be able to get the job. So get ready to enjoy the night!"
"Ooo!" the handsome dark haired guy said, his eyes popping open at the yummy cleavage not far from him, while glancing at the nice curve of her bent ass under the skirt. "Well, I'd like an appetizer first then. Any recommendations?"
"I'd recommend the Sexy Salad," she said cheekily, with wink. "It even comes with a promotion today!"
"What's that?"
"You'll have the luxury of me feeding you the salad. I'll throw in something as well. I'll undo the top button of my tube. How's that?"
"Sounds good. Get me one of those, babe."
Ling went off to put in the order, then undid the top button of her blouse, showing an even more generous amount of cleavage. She was pretty sure Bob approved, as she had 'accidentally' brushed her ass against the hard bulge in his pants. Smiling innocently, the salad soon arrived and she picked it up and went towards her lucky customer.
Sitting down beside him and placing the plate in front of him, she got ready to feed him the salad. His eyes alternated between her heaving bosom and her long slender legs, which were open slightly, as though inviting him to come closer. His erection pressed hard against his tight jeans. Damn, this chick was hot!
Feeding him the salad while noticing his roving eyes turned her on very much. Her nipples became hard and erected, showing clearly against the thin material of the top. The horny feeling in her groin crept up again. Boy, teasing was always such fun!
It wasn't long before the salad was all gone.
"Wasn't that tasty?" she asked, licking her lips sexily. "What would you like for your main course, Sir? Would you like to try the Tit-For-Tat-Burger?"
"Hmm... that sounds promising. I've never heard of it before. Could you describe what is it?"
"For that, I need to give you a live demonstration." She scooted closer to him, then undid another button of her tube top, leaving only one tiny button holding the tiny strip together. "The Tit-For-Tat Burger, like its name, looks exactly like two tits, Sir. Their size is around the size of my tits. Have a closer look."
Having a plausible excuse, the guy looked hungrily at the tits arrayed in front of him, wishing he could grab them.
Reading his mind, Ling added in: "the burger is very juicy yet tender, sir, just like how soft my tits are." Cupping her boobs, she then grabbed both of his hands and said: "Come, have a feel if you like" and placed them on her tits.
Surprised at first, he needed no more coaxing, and started grabbing and squeezing her tits, feeling damn horny when he found out how soft and bouncy her tits were.
Ling was feeling horny as well, with all the groping going on. She then said: "the burger also has two huge buds in the middle as well, just like my nipples here. Oh, they are not big enough, could you give them some pinching so I could show you how they really look like?"
Thrilled, he complied immediately, twisting and pinching the nipples protruding from the top, making them long, firm and hard. A small moan of pleasure escaped from her mouth, this guy certainly knew what he was doing.
After her nipples were much erected, she stopped him and asked him if he was willing to order the burger. He agreed amicably and she was on her way.
While waiting for the burger to be done, she stopped nearby Bob and flirted with him, asking him whether he was satisfied with her job so far. He nodded and grinned: "I'm sure your customer is very pleased as well. One day, I'll ask you to describe the entire menu to me as well."
Ling just smiled innocently and said: "Sure. Why not, boss?" while pressing her skirt against his hard on. He slid his right hand on her tight ass and gave it a tiny squeeze. She slapped his hand playfully away, saying she gotta get back to work.
Seeing that the burger had arrived, she brought the plate of food to her customer who was waiting patiently in his corner. She noticed that the zipper of his jeans was half open, which probably meant that he couldn't resist touching himself after all the temptations.
She sat down beside him again and asked him to dig in. The guy ate with gusto, probably hungry and horny. When he was done, he wiped his hands and looked at her in anticipation.
Ling was eager to expose more of her sexy body, she wanted, no, she needed admiration. She asked him: "Was the burger to your satisfaction, Sir? Maybe you need to see and touch my tits to compare the size and tenderness?"
His look said it all. He wanted it with all his heart, well maybe his dick in this case.
She slowly unclasped the last button, and her big creamy tits sprang forward, happy to be free from its tight constraint. Her nipples were large, pink and erected, with huge areolae circling them.
He gave a moan of longing and lunged for them, squeezing and cupping her tits, while twisting and pinching the firm nipples. Oh, this babe has the best set of boobs he has ever seen!
After much intense groping on his part and some squirming around on her part (it was getting hard to control the passion in her groin), she tore herself away. He looked disappointed.
"Sir, you haven't ordered your dessert yet. Good things come in threes," she winked. Brightening up, he asked for her recommendation.
"Well... how about the Chocolate Puss? The ice cream will taste very nice with some juices" she said, a cheeky look in her eye.
"Ok, gimme that, babe."
She turned around and saw Bob who was heading just around the corner curiously. "Bob, be a dear and put in an order for the Chocolate Puss, will ya? I need to give this guy some special service" she said smiling seductively.
Bob nodded and went off reluctantly, wishing he could see what was going to happen next.
With her back towards the guy, she bent right over, giving her an excellent view of her the pink lacey thong which was barely hiding much of her pussy, of course exposing most of her smooth tight ass.
Still bending over, she slowly took off her thong while saying: "My panties are a little damp from all the excitement. So I'm going to give them to you as a souvenir instead."
The guy was almost bursting with excitement. She handed him the pink lacey thong which he proceeded to have a smell, catching a whiff of her love juice.
She quickly encouraged him to take off his shirt and pants, leaving him with his undies on. She then straddled both his legs with hers, showing him her shaven pink pussy lips.
Horny as hell, he couldn't resist anymore and started touching her clit with his right hand and groping her left boob with his left hand. She gasped with pleasure. He then inserted two fingers into her pussy and started fingering her vigorously.
By this time, Bob had came back with the ice-cream in a cup, keen to see what was going on. What he saw pleased him very much.
She then grabbed the cup of ice cream and ordered the guy: "Eat your ice cream off my tits... off my pussy!"
He obeyed and slapped both scoops of ice cream on her amazing boobs and started sucking and licking her tits, biting her nipples, causing her to squirm in enjoyment. The ice cream melted against her hot body and dribbled downwards to her pussy.
She then laid down on the chair and he leaned forward to lick and play with her pussy, lapping up all the ice cream. Her pussy was throbbing crazily with all the teasing.
Ling was too far gone now to care who was watching her and demanded: "I need your hard dick inside my pussy NOW!"
The guy complied hurriedly, whipped out his dick which was a good eight inches and pretty thick as well and shoved it hard into her pussy. "Oh! That's it, baby. Give it to me. FUCK ME HARD!"
He grinded into her hips, pounding her pussy well and hard. She moaned pleasurably, her tits bouncing up and down with all the activity. She flicked a glance at Bob and saw that he was rubbing his dick, stroking it up and down, masturbating while looking at them two fucking.
"Come Bob... suck my tits please..."
Bob hurried towards the horny couple and starting fondling her tits. The other guy did not miss a beat and continued fucking this hot chick.
Her pussy was so damn tight! I'm going to cum soon, he thought, still pummeling her pussy.
"Baby, ohhh!! I'm cuming! I'M CUMMING!" he yelled, squirting all his juices into her. This brought her to a climax and she came at the same time as well.
He instantly slumped against the chair, totally weakened. This was the effect Ling had on all the guys she had sex with so far. Sex transferred their vitality to her, and after a few seconds, she felt ready and horny again.
She saw Bob was looking at her hopefully. She advanced towards him then stopped, her pussy inches away from his erect dick.
"So...Bob. Do you think I'll get the job?"
"Definitely, girl. You will be a great asset to the restaurant."
"Mmmm...that's great! Would you like to collect your reward?" She whispered in his ear, then laid down on the table top, and opened both her legs wide, showing how wet and excited her pussy was.
The look on his face told that this was probably the luckiest night of his life. A hot chick inviting him to fuck her.
"Of course," he said, but he had other ideas. He grabbed her, spun her back towards him, pushed her to bend over, flipped her skirt up, then shoved his hard dick into her pussy.
Groping her boobs from the back while pinching the nipples as well, he started slowly grinding his dick deep into her pussy. The sound of him slapping against her tight ass made sure it wasn't before long before he was groaning in pleasure and quickly started pounding her pussy hard.
Ling could feel an orgasm coming on fast and gripped his thighs tightly. Bob suddenly came with a shudder, spurting out more cum into her already very wet pussy. He felt weak and sat down on the floor with a thump.
Feeling exhilarated, Ling rested on the chair for awhile before putting back on her tube top, but only doing one button. The two guys were still out with exhaustion.
But she knew that after this encounter, they will be unable to control their horniness, bound forever by the magic of the Succubus. They will try to fuck every living thing in sight, she grinned.
Walking out of the restaurant, she wondered, that actually sounds like me.
Well, who cares, I feel so powerful now, she thought, I can't wait to see what happens after this!