You call me and tell me to pack an extra set of clothes and that you also have something for me to wear. As part of my training, I acquiesce and try to figure out what you have in store for me.
As I get into your Jeep, you tell me that a friend of yours was very interested in meeting me. That I was his favorite body type for what he likes. At this point, I'm shivering with fear at what that could mean. When you stop for a light, you reach between my thighs and find me already slick. Taking your fingers and slipping them into my mouth, I suck away my taste of sex. I cast a glance down and I see that your cock is responding in a very insistent way.
I go to reach for your belt and you slap me away. "You'll get plenty of cock very soon," you growl. That growl clues me into how excited you are.
We pull up to a non descript building. We're in an industrial park. I can't see any sign of what the building is for; no signage, no anything.
I walk behind you, almost like you are a shield. You carry my bag and the one you brought with you. Could it be the bag with all our slut training equipment?
You hit the buzzer and identify yourself. And I catch a hint of vanilla and spice in the air. The door opens and the scent is much stronger. It's intoxicating. As my eyes adjust to the dark, I hear someone calling to you to come back. You lead, I follow.
It's a baking facility! The one room is filled with industrial mixing bowls, bags of flour and sugar. We follow the voice further back to a well lit but windowless room.
In the center of the room is an inflatable pool. On a table near by are beautiful cakes, wedding cakes, birthday cakes, fruit, container of honey and heavy cream.
I turn and look at you with open mouth. You've brought me to a sploshing party? A very slight but attractive man comes out. He's wearing his cook whites and you and he go off to the side. I try to hear but the murmuring is too low. There's a woman there too. Tall, dark blonde hair with incredible legs. Very Teutonic. I was musing to myself that her name is probably Gita or Hilde.
You hand me a clothes bag and direct me to a ladies room. I slip my clothes off in excitement, my scent is high. I can't believe how this has excited me.
In the bag, is a pair of pink satin panties, in my size, which always pleases me. Pale pink thigh high stockings, a matching camisole. There's also an Alice handband in black and mary janes in pink with black stitching.
When I look at myself in the mirror, I feel like a sugar plum fairy on steroids. But as I turn and look more, I like it. I come out and you are all smiling at me.
There's another man, he is also of a very German looking stock. Not very tall, in fact the Baker and he are very similar. Greyish brown hair, steely blue eyes, no facial hair. Both the Baker and his brother have taken off the hair nets they were wearing. I was surprised at the length of hair. Touching their shoulders. I think I've overdosed on eye candy. They were beautiful. They moved closer to me and the Baker held out his hand. I took it and he murmured how much he liked the outfit. He talked low and softly, as he led me to the pool. It was a large size, low sides. Definitely a "play pen".
I watch you as you settle down on a couch. The blonde is sitting next to you smiling like a Cheshire cat. I shiver as I catch your eye and you nod to me. Standing there in this outfit, both the Baker and Brother circled me, dragging a finger along my skin, daring to take little pinching at my ass and breasts.
Baker stops in front of me, talking so softly, leaning in to kiss me. His kiss was strong and heady, my mouth was taken over by him. Hands cupping my breasts, Brother was pressed into my back, I felt his arousal.
The two of them caressed me, whispering in German, nipping my skin. I looked over at you and the Blond stood up, and slipped her panties off. She was wearing a pale blue slip, and she hiked it up, giving you a good view of her ass.
She grinned as she slid her hand down over her ass, offering it to you. As I was being circled and kissed, I watched as your hand moved over her body. I could hear her little mewls of pleasure. She kneaded your cock through your suit pants.
Your head rolls on your shoulders as you arch up. Her skilled fingers squeeze and milk that bulge. I'm being kneaded and fondled too, I can feel the dampness in front of the panties. "Was ist dieses? naﬂ?", the Baker leered at me as he tugged and twisted them. I knew my clit was swollen nice and big as he teased.
The Brother moved the cart with all the cakes and sauces closer. The Baker smiled as he brought over a little table. It was high enough to place a wedding cake on. Which is what the Brother placed on it. It was an amazing cake to behold. Ivory with antique butter creme roses. In pale pink. He took his finger and dragged some frosting. Smiling he press his finger to my lips. I sucked it. And he groaned so nicely. He leaned in kissing me, smearing icing on my cheeks and chin. The Brother began to frost my shoulders, then took long laps on my skin. My knees were buckling. I looked at you and Blonde was throating your cock. You managed to shed your clothes, she was still in the slip. The way you sat on the couch gave you some room to work her cunt. Each time you thrust your hand into her, she moaned around your prick.
The Baker and Brother began to apply more of the cake to me. Then the Baker took a handful of cake and put it in my panties. Smashing it into me, talking softly all the while. But his voice was cracking just slightly. I began to shudder and the Brother held on to me.
It was a mad tea party! They offered me cups of good strong iced chai, pouring it over my outfit, making me shiver. He drank it off my skin.
He asked The Baker about what sounded like "swing" to me. They grinned and The Baker went to the other part of the room.
He rolled what looked like a giant baby swing. It adjusted for height and pitch. I let them guide me into it and my legs were suspended and spread wide. The Brother fell to his knees in front of me with a moan. He starting biting me through the panties, his breath hot on my cunt. He was still mashing cake into me, into the panties, my thighs and ass were covered in cake. I arched up to his mouth as he tugged the fabric to one side. I turned to watch you take the blonde she leaned over in front of you, and sheathed your cock with a condom in her mouth, turning back to face the performance in front of you.
She moan something to you and I watched as she cried out and grimaced. I got wet thinking how your cock must feel in her ass.
The Baker was now naked and he smashed cake into my tits. Leaning over, his tongue took long laps on my nipples, tugging them in his mouth. I felt so giddy, so light, I never had this before. Brother pulled some things from the tray.
I felt the banana as it entered, it was cold and so thick. They drizzled spiced apricots over my belly and warm honey flowed all over my cunt. They began feasting on me. I was arching up for the tongues and fingers. Brother was working my cunt over with his exceptional tongue, swirling over my fat berry clit, nibbling the banana, murmuring the whole time nonsense words. His fingers used the honey to ease open my ass. I cried out as he began rimming me.
The Baker's cock, thick, uncut and right at my mouth. He smashed cake and fruit into my hair as he leaned over me, kissing me and Brother's fingers opened my tight ass.
I rolled from climax to climax. Watching you and her. I wanted you near me. And I think you wanted to get a little messy too. Brother left the banana inside me and called to the Blonde. She was walking shaky after the ramming you gave her.
She leaned over my pussy and began to eat. Her tongue knew exactly where to touch me. She finished the banana and was pouring honey and creme over my cunt. She pressed her face into me. Brother grabbed her by the hair and forced her to make her face all nice and sticky. You came over and licked all over my stomach and breasts. Some of the cakes had marzipan as filling and you kissed me with a mouthful. The decision was made to get rid of the swing and get messier.
I slid out of it and the floor of the pool was covered in fruit and honey and cake. We were all painted in delicious sauces, some of our own making.
I felt myself roll into your arms and as you kissed me, my legs were parted. The Brother started fucking me with long slow plunges. The Baker was in the pile with us as Blonde worked over his cock. Feasting on him. You leaned over my mouth and told me what a dirty girl I am.
I opened my mouth to you as you fucked my throat, sucking the sweet honey from your skin. Your grunts and curses made me grind harder into Brother's thrusts. I heard one cry of release. Curses in German as the Baker let the Blonde's face have it. He gushed so much cum over her already frosted breasts. I watched as she licked it from her fingers, playing with it.
Your hand grips me hard as you start your litany of curses. Nodding and moaning with each rut of your hips telling me that you're my FuckDaddy and what a good slut I was today. Yesyes please please give me what I crave.
My eyes, dark and glassy as my cunt is being fucked now from behind. The Blonde is sucking my clit, bringing another round of climaxes. You pull from my mouth letting my cries and keening free. I shudder so hard, neither one of them has stopped. I know she's lapping Brother's cock as he fucks me. You fill my mouth again and I taste the quickening precum. Oh yes yes FuckDaddy, feed me feed your slut.
Arching your back you pump cum into my throat. Oh so much. You tell me you held off cumming earlier, you wanted me to have the biggest cum load.
I heard Brother's moaning as his hips bucked and he shuddered. The Blonde caught his cock as he slipped from me, taking all the cunt juices, honey and cum.
The Baker sat back with a little smile on his face. We were covered from head to toe in frosting, honey, fruit. It felt delightful.
Licking each other like cats. Curling around each other, sniffing our fingers, savoring each lap. I managed to stand and looked around. There was a big shower stall near by. I slid all the way over. Starting the water I feel you slip in behind me. Hosing all our dessert off. You're hard again and I turn around for you. Offering you my ass. I hear your little moan as you push into me. holding onto a rail as you pump into me. They move closer to watch, pulling back the curtain as you fuck your slut. The Baker draws on his cigarette, eyes lidded.
You're slowly fucking your slut's ass so she knows he owns her. I'm dizzy and start to slide but I'm being held up by the others. Soft murmurs and kisses as you slap my cheeks. The Blonde kissed me warmly and tells me that I'm lovely. God yesyesyessss. Oh I love your cries as You leave a less hefty load inside, but it's your cum deep in your slut's ass.
Driving back, I'm spent. You look over at me and grin, "Happy UnBirthday, baby."
I notice a little pink frosting in your ear.