As I drove us to the theater, I was starting to freak out about what I just did. "I can't believe I just had sex in a back alley with a near total stranger."
"My little man is growing up." Tina teased.
"Not yet, but he probably will be when we get to the movie." I joked.
Tina laughed and asked, "What are we going to see by the way?"
"A documentary about your favorite porn star, Anna Bell Peaks."
Tina's eyes went wide. "That's amazing. Wait, what is this rated?"
"NC-17."
"They still make those?"
"That's what I thought."
"OHHH! Do you think we might see anyone masturbating in the theater?"
"I hadn't really thought about that until you mentioned it."
"I hope they don't have anyone standing guard in the theater."
This conversation was making me think that something was going to happen in this theater, whether it was someone else, or us.
We arrived at the theater ten minutes early but there were virtually no cars in the parking lot. I started to wonder if we would have the theater to ourselves. We stepped inside and I bought the tickets. The bored 19 year old cashier whose hair was striped blonde, pink, and black, said, "I'm obligated to warn you that any sexual acts in the theater will not be tolerated. If you are caught, we will call the police."
"Will there be someone on guard in the theater?" Tina asked.
"No, I'm just supposed to come in and check every once in a while."
"If something were to happen in the theater, who would know if you just joined in?" Tina asked coyly.
That got her attention. "Umm, no one I guess. It's just me and the projectionist tonight." She lowered her voice and leaned in. "Are you two really going to do it in there?"
"That would be against the rules, why would we do anything like that?" Tina said in a mock disciplinarian voice.
The teenager looked uncomfortable, but also had a slight trace of curiosity in her eyes. She apparently didn't know how to respond to that, so she said, "Enjoy your movie."
Tina laughed at that and we walked into the theater. It was a stadium style theater that had recliners for seats. There was only one other person in the theater, a thirty something woman, two rows from the top. Tina grabbed my hand and pulled me to the top so we could sit on the back row. By this point I knew Tina was going to get us thrown out, but there was a part of me that didn't care.
We sat down and the movie started. In a very melodramatic fashion, the song Also Sprach Zarathrustra played dynamically, as the camera panned down to a huge breast with a pierced nipple. The title, "Rise of the Peaks" was arched over her breast.
Then Anna's voiceover came on greeting the audience. As she gave a brief overview of her story, there was a quick cut montage of her in many different scenes. They showed everything, penetration, oral, anal, cum shots, nipple sucking. We might as well of gone to the porn theater across town.
I felt myself swelling quite quickly, and I noticed Tina's hand was subtly working its way up her inner thigh. I was about to say something about her going to get us into trouble, when the woman from two rows up abruptly stood and pushed off her shorts and panties. She sat back down and started masturbating openly.
Tina and I were both shocked at her boldness. She was fingering herself hard and had the other hand up under her shirt groping her breast. Tina looked at me and said, "I dare you to go down there and start eating her out."
"What? No! I don't even know her."
"That didn't stop you with Carol."
"That's different."
"How?"
I didn't have an answer for that, so I deflected. "Why don't you?" That caught her off guard.
"I've never eaten a girl out before." Was her only defense.
"Weren't you saying earlier that you love to experiment with sex? And that you were curious to be with another woman at some point?" I was teasing her because I knew she wouldn't take the bait.
I was wrong. She stood, stripped out of her clothes and walked down to her. At that moment I wasn't sure what to watch, the twenty foot porn star on the screen, the woman masturbating, or my incredibly hot naked girlfriend walking down the stairs in the dim light. My eyes naturally went to her smooth butt as it nearly glowed in the light of the projector.
She was right next to the masturbater before the woman noticed her. She froze with her hands still in place. Tina seized the moment and knelt down and kissed her. The woman kissed back, and my erection was so hard that it hurt in my restrictive pants. I thought about releasing it, but then I remembered the cashiers warning.
Tina straddled the woman's lap as they made out. Tina's hands roamed over the woman's body, as the woman groped at Tina's butt. Tina lifted the woman's shirt off over her head to reveal that the woman was topless underneath. Tina then kissed her way down to the woman's moderately sized breasts and sucked a nipple into her mouth.
That was the last straw for me. I didn't care if I got arrested at that point, it was time to relieve some pressure. I unbuttoned my shorts and pulled them and my boxers completely off. Then I pulled my shirt off, if I was doing this, then I was going all out. I forced myself to masturbate slowly so that I didn't cum too quickly. I was already dribbling quite a bit of precum, which I used as lubricant.
Tina continued to kiss her way down the woman's body until she got to her pussy. She sat there and stared at it as if she was taking in it's beauty. She delicately toyed with the woman's clit with her middle finger for a second, before lowering her face and using her tongue to tease the woman's bald lower lips.
The woman gasped in pleasure and I had to remove my hand to keep from cumming. I looked at the ceiling to remove some of the stimulus, but even the sounds I was hearing made it hard to calm down. Anna Bells moans were in surround sound. Once I finally got it to calm down, I looked back at Tina and her new friend, just as the woman began convulsing from her first orgasm.
Tina desperately tried to hang on with her mouth for the entire ride, but she was getting drenched by the woman's juices. Once the woman finally came down, Tina kissed back up her body, and then whispered something into the woman's ear. Then they both looked back at me with lust in their eyes.
The woman gave me a come hither motion with her finger. I was terrified to move. I was suddenly very aware of how naked I was in this very public place. When I didn't move, Tina kissed her again, and again worked her way down the woman's body. With their attention away from me now, I could move again. And I did. I walked down to the row above them.
The woman looked up at me and smiled lasciviously. "I'm hungry for some nuts, do you mind helping me out?" Then she tilted her head back in the recliner and opened her mouth wide. I felt like I was under some sort of spell. I squatted down and lowered my balls into her mouth. She immediately began to suck on them, which felt so amazing that my eyes rolled back into my head.
When she started humming in pleasure from her own orgasm, I opened my eyes and watched the scene before me. My girlfriend was giving oral to a woman I was tea bagging. I felt my own orgasm building fast. The next thing I know, I'm firing load after load all over them. My cum landed everywhere from Tina's butt to the woman's breasts.
Suddenly I heard a gasp to my right. It was the cashier. She had a very shocked look on her face. She turned and started hurrying out. I chased after her and grabbed her before she could leave. "Wait, please don't call the police."
Her eye's glanced up and down from my eyes to my shaft. "You were having a threesome in a movie theater."
Then I saw it, there was the smallest twitch of the corner of her mouth into a very brief smirk. She was turned on but was too nervous to admit it. "Yes, but surely you have been so turned on in the heat of the moment that you made a rash decision."
Her eyes were taking the barest of longer pauses on my returning erection. "N... no. Actually, I've only had one boyfriend and the few times we had sex, he was super selfish. I've never even had a..." She stopped talking, embarrassed by what she was about to admit.
Her gazes were getting longer. I felt like I was fishing. If I moved too fast, she'd get freaked out and leave. Too slow, and she would start to over think the moment. "An orgasm?" I asked. She blushed and looked down, which could have been an excuse to look more directly at my erection. "It's OK, we all start somewhere. I was a virgin until a couple weeks ago."
That made her look me in the eyes and then at the two naked cum covered women. "And you're already having threesome's in a theater?"
"I know it sounds crazy, but my wonderful girlfriend helped me to accept and appreciate the freedom in sex."
"Freedom?" She asked, unconsciously moving closer to me.
"Yea." I nodded. "I can show you if you'd like." Our faces were inches apart now.
She was nervously shaking as she subtly nodded. "O...OK."
I kissed her gently on the lips. Just a brief open mouthed peck. Then I kissed her even more deeply. My left hand gently cradled her face as we continued to kiss. I felt her hand start to gently play with my penis, before moving down to my balls. I decided to return the favor. I slid my hand underneath her shirt and rested it on her stomach.
I could feel her belly moving up and down as her breathing sped up. I turned my fingers south, and slid my hand beneath her waistband. My hand curved around her V and my finger slid along her smooth slit. Her mouth pulled away as she gasped hard. She bit hard onto her lower lip when my middle finger entered her.
Fearing she would faint if I continued to monopolize the attention of her mouth, I kissed my way down her neck as I continued to finger her. She started moaning hoarsely before finding her voice. I could tell her legs were getting weak, so I pinned her to the wall. That small amount of force sent her over the edge and I felt her cum in my hand.
I removed my hand and lifted her shirt over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra, and for good reason. Her breasts were small but firm and perfectly shaped. Her areola's were a little puffy with tiny gumdrop nipples. I licked and sucked on the left one as I began to remove her pants. I kissed my way down her stomach, and as soon as I reached her pantie line, I pulled the wet cloth to the floor.
I placed gentle kisses all over her hips and lower abs, before teasing my way down to her lips. I stuck my tongue in and tried my very best to bring her to the most earth shattering orgasm of her young life. My hands groped her tiny tight butt. She was squirming again, and within seconds, she was squirting all over my face.
As soon as she finished I stood and kissed her passionately. "Wow!" she said between our kisses. "Is that what my pussy tastes like?" I grunted an affirmation. "I'd like to try tasting someone else's sometime then."
I smiled and said, "I think that could be arranged." Then I entered her, and the gasp she took in was as long and hard as my shaft. My balls were so full at this moment that I didn't last long. Thankfully, she was so turned on that she didn't either. We came at the same time. Her squirt was nearly washing all of my cum out of her.
Once we caught our breath, I took her by the hand and lead her to Tina and our knew friend. Nervously, she waved and said, "Hi, I'm Katie." Tina introduced herself and our new friend as Angelica.
"So, Katie here, wants to try eating pussy." I explained. Katie blushed, turned towards me and buried her face into my chest. I hugged her close and stroked her hair. "It's OK. This is a safe place."
Tina took Katie's hand and led her away from me. Angelica was laying back sideways across the chairs. Tina had Katie lay down with her head between Angelica's knees. She gave her all the tips that she gave me my first time. Katie seemed to take to it quickly, and Angelica seemed to be enjoying it.
Tina then propped Katie up on her knees so that she could slide in on her back between the teens legs. She began eating her out, completing a lesbian train. Not wanting to be left out, I got into position, took hold of Tina's ankles, and entered her. This was one of several positions we went through over the coarse of the movie. We all came many more times and only stopped as the credits started to roll.
On our way home, Tina said, "I think you should spend the night tonight."
"Aren't you worried you're mom will hear us?"
"I'm not worried about her knowing we are having sex. She'd be fine with that. I was just worried that she would think I was pushing the innocent virgin too fast."
"OK." I said. I wasn't going to argue with her.
We were kissing all the way up to her apartment. She opened the door and we practically fell inside. We immediately stopped when we saw Sophie sitting in a very short silk robe on the couch watching TV. "OH! Hi. Umm... We were just going to... Talk... In Tina's room."
The both looked at me and burst out laughing. Sophie looked at Tina and said, "You're father was much better at lying to my parents than that." She then looked at me and said. "Have fun, and try to remember everything I taught you."
I panicked and blushed at Sophie's revelation to Tina. I started speaking fast, muttering some kind of explanation out. Tina rolled her eyes before pulling down her top and shoving her tit in my mouth. Instinctively I started sucking it. Then I realized the awkwardness of doing this in front of Tina's mom, but I couldn't stop myself.
Sophie laughed again. "I used to shut your father up the exact same way."
"I know what you have been doing with my mom. She was just trying to train you for me. And like I said, we are very free with the idea of sex. Feel free to keep having sex with her."
I pulled away from her nipple with a pop. "Really?"
"Yes. Do I need to remind you that we are in a polygamous relationship? Now come on, but remember, pants aren't allowed in my room."
With that, Tina began stripping on her way to her room. I stripped right there in front of Sophie, with her whistling and giving cat calls the entire time. That seemed like it should have been weird, but it wasn't.
I was about to run to Tina's room as soon as I was naked, but Sophie said, "Wait. You're not going in there like that are you?" I looked down at my flaccid member. "Come here." Sophie pulled he robe apart showing me her massive tits, before sucking me into her mouth. She got me hard within seconds.
"No go make her happy." She said with a playful swat on the butt.
And I did. We had sex for another hour cumming several more times before we passed out in each others arms.
The next morning I woke up first and had to pee. So, I walked butt naked to the bathroom. I heard the shower running and started to turn around. Then I realized how silly that idea was. I open the door and walked in. I could barely see the outline of Sophie through the curtain. "Sophie, it's me, I hope you don't mind, I had to pee."
"Go for it."
Despite all of my boldness, I was still weirded out by the idea of someone hearing my pee hit the water, so I sat down to empty my bladder.
"You two sounded like you had fun last night."
"We did." I said. My bladder was empty now, but I ended up in a conversation with Sophie. I sat there as we talked. I couldn't help but peek around the curtain when she was turned the other way. I knew she wouldn't mind me looking, but sneaking these glances made her look even more erotic.
Her wet soapy smooth skin made me instantly hard. I reached out and grabbed her butt. She jumped away offended. "Hey!" My stomach dropped. Had I crossed some kind of line? "Wash your hands first, then you can join me."
The smile returned to my face as I washed my hands in the sink. I climbed in the shower behind her, and wrapped my arms around her stomach as I kissed the back of her neck. My hands quickly moved to her massive breasts and I teased her nipples.
"You know, I still haven't gotten the chance to teach you anal yet." Sophie said. "And that is one thing that I know Tina hasn't tried yet." My shaft got erect so fast, that the tip bounced off of Sophie's labia. "I'll take that as you're interested." She joked.
Sophie bent over and began soaping up her crack. "So, the first thing you want to do, is get her lubed up. This is a very tight hole, especially the first time. It could even possibly be painful for you. Take your finger and push into my hole a few times."
I did as instructed and felt even more naughty than normal. Penetrating this hole with even just my finger felt like a violation. Which made the whole activity even more erotic.
"Now, take your tip and slide it in slowly." I did, and Sophie moaned. Partially from pleasure, and partially from pain. "Now, in and out until slowly until the anus gets used to you and relaxes."
I obeyed perfectly despite the tightness feeling amazing around my shaft. We got up to full speed in no time. Sophie was pushing back as much as I was pushing forward. I pulled her nipples and she came. Her anal contractions milked my orgasm out of me as well.
Once I softened and fell out of her, she turned and gave me a peck on the lips. "Now, you can teach my daughter something for a change." She handed me a small bottle of lube, and I climbed out of the shower, still covered in soap.
When I reentered Tina's bedroom, she was still asleep, but she was perfectly positioned for it. She was laying on her stomach, completely exposing her tight small butt to me. I gently climbed on her back and used my soapy wet body to slide up and down against her back and butt. My shaft tacoed between her cheeks.
She moaned pleasantly in her sleep. I climbed off of her, and drew a smiley face on each of her butt cheeks with the lube. Then I massaged it in, on the cheeks first, then along her crack, and finally a finger and then two inside her.
I was already hard again, and I squirted some lube into my hand to grease up my own pole. I masturbated to get myself up to full hardness and completely coat myself with the lube. I didn't want to risk hurting her on our first try.
Then I took the plunge. I spread her cheeks and guided my tip into her tiny whole. She was much tighter than her mother. She woke up instantly with a gasp. She looked back at me in surprise.
"Do you want me to stop?"
"NONONONONONO!" She insisted. Let's just take it slow.
I slid in as slowly as I could. She gasped and moaned at every inch. But she was so tight that I did the same, until I was balls deep inside her. When I started pulling out, she let out an ear piercing scream of pleasure. I was worried I was hurting her, so I paused. She seemed to be catching her breath.
Suddenly, Sophie was in the room. I felt so self conscious in that moment, but she said nothing. She motioned for me to hold, before bending down and whispering something into her daughters ear. Then, as quickly as she came, she left, and Tina's anus relaxed a little.
"OK, continue." She said. I did, and we quickly fell into a rhythm. As time passed, she relaxed more, and seemed to take more pleasure and less pain from it, which allowed me to do the same. We finally got up to a good pace right before we both came simultaneously.
I collapsed onto the bed beside her and we spooned for a long while. The she turned and looked me in the eyes. "Mom taught you well."
-The End.