Can you believe this story was originally intended to be a one off? Good Lord...
Everyone here is over the age of 18.
Twice the previous weekend, I ended up in a somewhat aggressive, not exactly consensual stripping game with my sisters. Twice, I accidentally inseminated my cute, unprotected, younger twin sisters, Brianna and Jenna. Twice, I had sex with my incredible older sister, Amy, afterwards.
So, when I tell you the following week was weird, that's really saying something.
My parents came home from their snowed-in weekend. Amy left to go back to her apartment in the city. I was still on winter break, so I hung around the house with my younger siblings. After everything that had gone on, I figured things were going to be pretty interesting.
Maybe not an oral quickie in the bathroom, but perhaps a handjob on the couch under a blanket while my parents were distracted. Or a boob-feel in the kitchen while we did the dishes. Something like that. After everything we'd done -- everything the twins had told me -- was it too much to expect at least one full-on fuck-crazy incest orgy? Apparently, it was.
Rather than the sexy sibling time I'd been expecting, Jenna and Brianna went back to being my usual, normal, younger sisters. The twins went out and saw their friends. We watched TV with my parents on the couch. We ate meals, talked, and laughed. But nothing of what had gone on the previous weekend was even noted, let alone acted upon.
I began to think I'd dreamt it all -- that my fevered, incest-obsessed brain had created that weekend of endless debauchery. What was more believable? That my two, twin, younger sisters had decided to have wild, unprotected sex with me? Or that I'd imagined all of it in a singular sexual haze?
Only one thing lingered. We'd all agreed that we would visit Amy the following weekend, at her apartment downtown. Partially, this was a meeting of necessity. In the course of said imaginary sex, I had very much really creampied both the blonde, excessively buxom Brianna and the brunette, stick-skinny Jenna (Again, twice!). Amy, our older sister and my co-instigator, had promised to deliver 'get out of pregnancy free' cards to us if we visited her.
Further, however, Amy had sold this trip as a continuation of the previous weekend's festivities. You can imagine I was very interested in that idea. However, as the days passed without even a mention of our plans from my younger sisters, I started to wonder if we were going at all. The trip wasn't a huge undertaking requiring weeks of logistical planning, but we still needed to do a few things like pack or tell my parents we were going. You know, little details.
Finally, Thursday night, right after my parents went to bed, Brianna and Jenna knocked on the door to my bedroom. They were both wearing tank tops, underwear, and nothing else. Skinny, serious Jenna was wearing a light blue top with pink panties. Amiable, ample-chested Brianna had on a dark green top with light grey panties. The twins: so very different, yet so much the same. I stared them up and down for too long to be appropriate, then let them inside.
I had on a pair of boxers and a t-shirt. I hoped my sisters would eye me hungrily in return. Instead they just sat on the edge of my bed, tentative, like looking for where the lava would leak out.
"We wanted to talk," Brianna said.
"About this weekend," Jenna said. When I'd been hoping that my younger twin sisters would tag team me, this wasn't what I had in mind. "You talked to Amy, right? You told her we're only going to stop by for a second, right?"
"Ummm, No? Also, I'm not sure she's going to be OK with that," I said, cautiously. "I think she's planning on doing more than a drop off."
"That's what we're afraid of," Brianna said.
"You saw what happened the last time she planned things," Jenna said, "Let alone her definition of a 'drop off.'" Both sisters did their best to look grave, but only the brunette twin could carry it through. Brianna was such a basically happy person, she looked cheerful even when she didn't want to be.
"I get it," I said, "I do. I just... I thought we agreed that what we did together was OK."
"It was," Brianna said.
"Sort of," Jenna said, "I mean, in the moment we... Anyway, we both want to make sure we're on the same page for this weekend."
"We can't get pregnant, Chase," Brianna said. "Imagine us walking around, our bellies both swollen with your children?"
I did picture it. And I swear I felt my cock twitch at the idea: seeing the twins with matching baby bumps and knowing I was the one that did it took me from mostly aroused to ecstatically erect. I mean, I knew it was wrong but... Well maybe that's what made it feel so right?
"Seriously," Jenna said, pushing my attention back to her, "You know it would be a disaster if it happened."
"How would we tell Mom and Dad?" Brianna asked.
"How would we go to school in the fall?" Jenna asked.
"Our lives, your life, would be ruined," they chorused.
Don't think I didn't get it. I got it. The reality of what I wanted was a nightmare. Like any dreamer, though, I couldn't escape the fantasy. I tried to, though. I swear I did.
"He's doing it again," Brianna said.
"Dammit, Chase," Jenna said, "Eyes and mouths. Not tits and pussies."
I startled. Well, could you blame me? Not that looking at my sister's faces was all that bad. Brianna had golden blonde hair that framed a heart-shaped face and thick, kissable lips that were set in permanent smile -- even now when she was trying to be severe. Jenna had her brown hair up in a ponytail as usual. She had a thin face, big green eyes, pink cheeks, and an impertinent, upturned nose. So yeah, both were super cute.
But compared to their bodies? Both of them wearing a tank top and panties? I mean, come on.
Brianna's shirt could barely contain her massive breasts and her boy-shorts strained the same way around her ample backside. A bit of blonde pubic hair poked out the gusset of her grey undies. Jenna had none of that: no pubes, no tits, no ass. But her body was still sexy as hell. Taut and tight in all the right places. The fact that I'd seen them both naked didn't help the situation any. I was trying to be a good brother, a good listener, but you try sitting next to two works of art and comment on the flooring, instead.
"I'm sorry. I'm hearing you," I said.
"Chase we can see your dick," Jenna said. I looked down. My penis was, indeed, poking upwards in my boxers like he was raising his hand to get a word in edgewise. The girls couldn't tell, but my balls were already aching, as well.
"He's not, ummm, helping things here. Like, at all," Brianna said.
"It's not like I can control it," I said, "If your pussies were soaking wet right now, I wouldn't know."
The twins both shared a knowing look.
"That's not the point," Jenna said, "Look, what we did was fun."
"So much fun," Brianna said, "We have no regrets. I promise."
"But we want to continue to not regret things," Jenna said, "And that means going to Amy's, getting the pills, and getting the heck out of there."
"If you want the pills so bad, why not get them yourselves?" I asked. The million-dollar question I'd been keeping in my wallet till that point. I mean, these were morning after pills, not nuclear codes. Why did Amy have to be their keeper?
"We would if we could," Brianna said.
"In this small town?" Jenna said, "Please, Mom and Dad would know the minute we walked into the pharmacy. We don't have cars, we literally can't go anywhere else. But Amy can get the pills -- it's the only way. We just have to be careful."
"About getting caught?" I asked.
"About Amy," Brianna said.
"We can't trust her," Jenna said, "You have to know that by now."
I had to admit, I felt a little used. What happened to 'only my brother?' and 'we'll do more, we promise?' I knew the week of silence didn't portend good things, but I'd hoped that the twins were saving the sexy stuff for Saturday. I argued from Amy's perspective, but it was my own cause that I was pushing for.
"Amy's going to be super disappointed if we just, like, grab the pills and go," I said.
The twins looked at each other, searching. Had they really thought they could pop in, take their stuff, and escape?
"Fine," Jenna said, finally. "But you have to call and tell Amy our plans. She has to promise to have the pills or we won't come."
"You'll just risk it?" I asked, sort of hopeful, sort of scared.
"We'll find another way if we have to," Brianna said, "But this would be way easier. Way better. For all of us."
"But if Amy promises she has the pills, you'll go?" I asked.
"Yes" Jenna said, "And we expect both of you to follow the rules. No c in our p."
"What?" I asked, legitimately confused.
"No cock, no cum, in our pussies," Brianna said. She seemed a little less gung-ho than Jenna, but she held the company line.
"No drinking alcohol, either" Jenna said, "We have to stay in control. But if Amy agrees to the terms, we'll start packing tonight."
I stared down at the floor, crestfallen. Why did my sisters have to make me feel so bad about stuff that felt so good?
"And, if you behave, you'll get a special treat when we get home," Brianna said.
"Bree!" Jenna turned on her sister.
"Come on, Jen. We have to offer him something as a reward," Brianna said.
"Fine," Jenna said, "Deal?"
I nodded. Both girls stood up and marched out of my bedroom. Brianna's bubble butt and Jenna's barely-there bottom both bounced off and I couldn't help but think of the old saying about hating to see someone leave but loving to watch them go. Good Lord, I'd been blessed with some sexy sisters.
And yet neither was even in the same class as our older sister, Amy.
Fuck. I was not looking forward to making that phone call. Before the previous weekend, Amy and I hadn't gotten along at all. In truth, she was a total bitch to all three of her younger siblings.
I pictured a very uncomfortable conversation in my head. I knew from experience that giving Amy demands was like trying to take the cubs from a mother grizzly bear: if you're lucky, it ends with you losing only your arms and legs.
But I'd been talked into a corner.
I picked up the phone and dialed. As it rang, I said a little prayer to the phone gods. If Amy didn't pick up (and I was really hoping she wouldn't pick up), then I wouldn't have to tell her all the things that I knew would piss her off. I could avoid getting scolded by both my older sisterandthe younger ones. But Amy answered almost immediately.
"Chase!" The excitement in her voice was contagious. It was like getting a dose of anti-fear penicillin: every worry washed away. Finally, someone who wasn't from the alternate 'we-hate-Chase' universe I'd unwittingly stepped into that Monday morning.
"I'm stuck at the courthouse," Amy told me. "But you're still coming, right? I hadn't heard from you guys and I was starting to worry."
"Yes," I said, "Definitely coming. It's just..."
"OK good. My apartment's all set up," Amy said, making it sound like the dirtiest thing in the world. "I can't wait to hear about all the nasty things you three have been up to in my absence."
"Well, here's the thing..."
"Seriously?" Amy was almost shouting, "You haven't doneanything?" I don't know how not fooling around with my younger sisters was a betrayal of my older one, but she sure made it sound like it was. "I've been sitting here this whole time stroking myself half to death just thinking about what I could be doing if I was there and you three haven't even... Fuck!"
I imagined Amy standing in a busy hallway -- lawyers, jurors, and judges streaming past her -- yelling all those things at the top of her lungs. It was both funny and frightful at the same time.
"I mean, tell me you all at least rubbed one out together," Amy said.
"I was, ummmm, saving myself up for you?" I said, tentatively touching my toe to the waters. Ooo, it came back icy.
"Don't be ridiculous," Amy said, "You don't buy a Ferrari to keep it in the garage. That fantastic fuckstick of yours needs to open the throttle and let loose as often as possible. Let that baby roar!"
I let Amy wax poetic about my penis some more, unsure how to tell her that her younger sisters might not be on the same page. I was supposed to be setting boundaries, not amping Amy up about what was to cum. Er, come.
"Are you listening to me, Chase?" Amy sounded increasingly distressed by my abstinence.
"Umm, yeah," I said, "Of course. Look, Brianna and Jenna are both anxious about..."
"Jeez, tell your slutty sisters I have their stupid pills," Amy said, "And tell them I'm super disappointed in both of them. Jeez, what good is having a cock like that around if you're not going to stick it in your twat?"
"I mean sure," I said, "I guess."
"Don't you worry little man, big sis will make everything better," Amy said. "I've got a whole awesome weekend planned, I promise. I'll pick you all up at the station, so text me when you get there."
I hung up the phone, realizing I hadn't gotten out half of what I was supposed to say. I wasn't calling Amy back, but I couldn't tell the twins I'd been unable to extract a promise, either. I decided to tell Brianna and Jenna that Amy had agreed and hope that it never came up.
It seemed like a simple promise, one hardly needed between normal siblings. No vaginal intercourse, no wild drinking? Did anyone else need to ask for those things from their sisters? But for me, in that moment, I couldn't imagine how we would avoid it.
Imagine my shock, three days later, when I realized that I'd followed my younger sisters' guidelines down to the letter.
*
Friday afternoon, the twins and I convened in the living room, ready to make our epic, urban journey. Each of us was bundled to the brim and had a rolling suitcase at our sides.
"I'm so excited you three are finally spending time with your big sister," my Mom said. She did look proud, like we were graduating from college rather than just going to visit Amy.
"I expect you all to behave," my Dad said, "I'm not driving into the city to pick you up if Amy tosses you out for being inappropriate." Actually, I thought that being inappropriate was exactly what Amy had in mind. But I couldn't say that to my father, so I let him continue to talk to us like we were nine and eight, rather than 19 (as I was) and 18 (as the twins were).
We all piled into my Dad's Tesla and he drove us to the local station. Our train arrived soon afterwards. Brianna, Jenna, and I all dragged our bags into the train car and down the aisle. It wasn't too full -- we were able to find a set of empty benches where all three of us could sit across from each other. I ended up next to Jenna with Brianna facing us. We threw our suitcases up on the rack above.
I thought we'd talk, or at least give each other reproving glares, but the girls buried themselves in their phones. The train chugged heavily to the next station. The car began to fill up. After a few stops, there was barely enough room to stand in the corridors, let alone sit. The whole way, my siblings and I never said a word.
In some ways, I was glad. If the girls didn't ask me how the call had gone with Amy, then I didn't have to lie to them about it. I'd told them the pills were confirmed. I didn't say anything else and, to this point, I hadn't been called on it. Still, I wished my sisters would have said something instead of glaring me down like a bad dog.
Look, I know I come off as a big perv through all this. But the truth is, I loved my sisters for more than just their tits and butts. I also loved their soft, squishy pussies. Their mouths and hands on my cock. The way their faces twisted, their bodies trembled, in orgasm.
OK, sorry, I got caught up for a minute there.
The truth is I loved my little sisters well before I ever did any of that dirty stuff. Jenna was super smart and caring. Brianna was funny and sweet. I thought they were special people and I loved them for who they were. When we were together -- you know, the dirty way -- I told myself that it wasn't only Amy's prodding, the alcohol, or my apparently impressive dick. I really believed that this was the twins' way of telling me they thought I was special, too.
As we sat on the train, studiously ignoring each other, I realized I was wrong. Brianna and Jenna said they weren't mad at me and I believed them. But they also made it clear that I was not a cherished memory -- just a regret. It was a hard thing to come to grips with. These gorgeous girls who I held in such esteem both telling me that I was a mistake and nothing more.
Finally, we arrived in the city and lugged our bags off the train. The station was busy, people were heading into town with us or rushing home. I was used to navigating the city from going to school here (admittedly outside downtown but still), but the girls struggled to keep moving against the crush.
Finally, I saw a head of long, golden curls popping up over the grey crowd. It was Amy. My gorgeous older sister looked even better than I remembered. She had on a maroon pea coat, a red and white striped scarf, and a pair of dark leather gloves. Her green eyes flashed with excitement. She'd done her makeup, giving herself dark-lined eyes, rosy cheeks, and bright crimson lips.
I wasn't the only one who noticed, either. The crowds parted for Amy like the Red Sea before God, himself. Men and women startled as they saw her, overcome with awe. One poor fellow nearly took a nasty tumble as he tried to stare at my sister and still walk past. In the solar system that was the bustling train station, Amy was the sun. She was the brightest object there and everything revolved around her.
It made me feel special, then, as Amy ran straight to me. She gave me a close hug and I could smell her perfume. It brought me right back to her being naked with me in my bed. I went weak-kneed just from a whiff of it. Amy hugged Brianna and Jenna, too, then stood back as if framing us for a family photo. All three of us flinched; we still weren't used to our older sister being affectionate.
"I'm so happy my little brother and sisters finally came to see me in the big city," Amy said, as if she'd spent years trying to convince us. The truth was, up until the past weekend, Amy hadn't ever offered. In fact, she'd spent tons of time discouraging any such thing. At college I lived no more than forty minutes away from Amy's apartment -- I'd never received an invite.
"Do you have them?" Jenna asked.
"They're back at the apartment, Jeez," Amy said. She rolled her eyes dramatically then gave me a conspiratory grin. "Come on, let's go."
We walked out of the station and took an icy slap to the face. The wind seemed even colder here than it was back home. The streets were stuffed, traffic stopped dead and honking, and street corners were piled high with black snow. Every crosswalk had an unfathomably deep, dark puddle at either end. I shivered in the cold despite the piles of clothing I was already wearing. The further we got from home, the more our suitcases seemed to gain weight.
"The subway station's right up here," Amy said, leading the way.
"You didn't bring your car?" Brianna asked.
"You try driving in this stupid city sometime," Amy said, "Trust me, this is way easier."
We dragged our suitcases up concrete steps to a high, above-ground subway line. It was even more frigid up here. Jenna's always pink cheeks looked like raw meat. Brianna had buried herself in her coat's collar. Amy could have been out for a day at the beach for all she was suffering.
"I'm so excited you're here," she repeated. Like trying to convince us. The train loped around the corner and stopped. It was stuffed full, but we shoved our way on. We found a little corner to stand, surrounded by our suitcases. The train lurched forward. Brianna hadn't been holding on to the bar and she fell backward. An older gentleman caught her as she tumbled, getting a none-too subtle grab of her gigantic tits in the process.
"Hey!" Brianna said, but Amy pulled her sister back.
"Hold onto the bar next time," Amy said. She gave the older man an apologetic smile.
"I think someone's pinching my ass," Jenna said warily.
"Me too," I said.
"I mean, probably?" Amy said. Jenna gave us both a look that was even colder than the outside air.
*
Eventually, the subway stayed true to its name and dipped underground. A few stops later, we got off at a tiny, dark station that smelled of urine and stale water. We hiked through the turnstiles and pulled our suitcases, bouncing, up the stairs and back out onto the streets.
Despite the cold, it was sunny as all get out and I had to squint from the sudden transition. Amy owned an apartment overlooking the Common, just a few blocks down from the station. We made our way over, like three miniature snowplows pushing pedestrian traffic and out of our way.
There was a doorman at Amy's building, and he buzzed us inside. He tipped his cap to my older sister, then smiled at the three of us. The lobby was refreshingly warm. My fingers and cheeks tingled as the heat returned. The short walk from the train to Amy's building had been enough to freeze me up all over again. I could have left steaks out on the sidewalks and they'd have been perfectly preserved for dinner a week later.
We took the elevator up to eight. The hallway here was carpeted and there were fancy, angular chandeliers hanging every few yards. It was like the fanciest hotel I'd ever seen. And my sister owned a place right in the middle of it. I have to admit, I was already impressed. All of this -- the train station, the building -- I felt like I was visiting some huge celebrity who happened to know my name rather than my actual, older sister.
Amy walked us down the corridor and keyed open her door. It revealed a small, very modern apartment. There was a full kitchen right up front. Next to it was a wobbly, round table with two chairs. Beyond that was a living room with a large leather couch facing a widescreen TV. And behind there was a massive window that opened out to the city.
The view was breathtaking, incredible. I could see the park rolled out in front of us like a green carpet, lined with large buildings on either side. A few snowflakes drifted down. It couldn't have been more picturesque if Pixar had programmed it. My whole body locked into place, stunned by that view. My younger sisters rushed right past me.
There was a small, white paper pharmacy bag sitting on the small table.
"Is this it?" Jenna asked.
Brianna held up the bag. Amy nodded. The twins tore it open and pulled out the little orange prescription bottle. There were two tiny pills inside.
"Welcome to my home," Amy said, clearly irritated by the twins' one-track minds. She went into the kitchen and filled two glasses from the tap. The girls gulped down their pills like every second counted.
"Thank God," Jenna said.
"Finally," Brianna said. They both flopped into the seats around the table.
"This place is amazing, Amy," I said.
"I'm glad you think so, Chase," Amy said, "Come and sit down on the couch. It's way more comfy."
I walked in, leaving my suitcase by the door, and sat down. The leather cushions sunk under me. It was like relaxing on a marshmallow. I doubted I was ever getting up again.
"Over there is the bathroom," Amy said, pointing to a closed door right behind and to the left of the TV. "It's only the one, but we can all share for a weekend. My bedroom is down the hall behind you." I didn't need a translator to tell me what Amy was actually saying to me.
I stood up and let my older sister lead me back. It was a small room, dark, with no windows. She had a massive bed, so big that there wasn't any room for anything else. White covers, white pillows, and white sheets -- it looked very 'adult' to me.
"Nice, right?" Amy said. She gave me a knowing look. "Everything OK? We all set?"
I nodded. No sense in giving her the bad news now. The twins had their pills. Everything else that Amy anticipated would go up for debate soon enough.
Amy led me back to the living room. I eyed the couch warily, afraid of getting stuck again, but there wasn't anywhere else to sit. I let the cushions devour me. The twins brought chairs over from the kitchen. I noticed they were acting tentatively about everything. Like waiting for the trap to trigger.
Amy went into the kitchen and took out a bottle of wine. She poured herself a glass. "You three want some?" she asked.
"No," Jenna and Brianna both said at once. They glared over at me.
"No thanks," I said.
"Okaaaaay," Amy said. She raised her eyebrow but said nothing. She took a sip. "Oh, I have so many fun things planned for this weekend. Chase, I know you're probably around all the time with your school being so close, but you girls haven't been to the city without Mom and Dad, have you?"
The twins shook their heads.
"Oh, it's so much more fun when you're not doing boring parent stuff," Amy said, she looked ready to clap her hands like a little girl, the excitement overwhelming her.
"We can't go to bars," Jenna said, flatly. She crossed her arms. Brianna saw her sister's stern look and tried to match it.
"Wow, OK, what is up with you guys?" Amy asked. "I mean, if you're going to sit around the apartment all day you could have stayed home."
"Definitely not," Brianna said, "We want to go out."
"Just for appropriate activities," Jenna said, as if that was a clearly categorized thing.
"Duh," Amy said, "I planned for us to visit the art museum, go ice skating, get some seafood. What did you think I meant? I don't know any sex dungeons around here and I wouldn't take you even if I did. I mean, come on, this is a weekend with my family."
The twins both visibly relaxed. I noticed neither girl had taken off her coat yet, but now they both did. Amy cracked open sodas for us. We sat around her living room -- me and Amy on the couch, Brianna and Jenna on the kitchen chairs -- and chatted idly.
The twins talked about their plans for UCLA. Amy told us about this case she was working on. I was going back to the university after that weekend and so I told them about the classes I'd signed up for. It was nice, actually, to converse about nothing with Amy. She'd always seemed so distant, set apart. Even when we were very very much together the weekend before, Amy had been this distant thing: a concept more than an actual human being. Now, in her own space, my older sister finally seemed approachable. Even friendly.
About twenty minutes in, Jenna groaned and stood up to go to the bathroom.
"You OK?" Amy asked.
"Yes, cramping something awful," Jenna said. She held her stomach. I saw Brianna was doing the same.
"That's just the pill working it's magic, honey," Amy said, "Trust me, it's better than the alternative."
"Uh huh," Jenna said. The twins took turns trading places in the bathroom. Amy and I watched them pop up and down like it was a weird dance recital. In the tiny moments between one twin getting up and the other sitting down, Amy took the opportunity to tease me. She nipped at my ear, kissed my cheek, grabbed my crotch. Then looked up all innocent, like nothing had happened as the next sister sat down.
"That's you," she whispered in my ear as Jenna got up for the third time, "You did that to them. Stud."
Finally, the twins were able to sit down together for more than five minutes. Their sodas, barely sipped, sat next to them burbling.
"Well, I'd planned on going out to a nice dinner," Amy said, "But if you two aren't feeling up to it we can stay in."
"No no," Brianna said, "I want to."
"This'll pass," Jenna said.
"Awesome," Amy said, "I knew I could count on you girls to man up."
We took the subway up to the North End. Amy led us through tight, almost Old World, wandering streets. Past buildings that looked like they'd been built before the US was a country. The whole way, we braced ourselves against the arctic winds.
Amy had made reservations for us at some tiny red sauce joint that was little more than a storefront window and ten tables. We had a big meal, Amy had more wine, and we all enjoyed ourselves immensely. Afterwards, we went down the street and bought cannoli. Then we went back to Amy's apartment.
We were all food drunk and giggly. Amy's place felt so warm and inviting to me, after enduring the cold outdoor air.
"Well, that's been enough excitement for me," Amy said, "Time for bed." She stumbled a bit as she walked, clearly drunker than she'd initially let on.
The twins eyed me and Amy nervously. There was a pause, probably no more than a second, but it felt like hours. Time stretched out in front of us like an icy, unsalted road wrapping around a cliffside in a storm. A great slippery ribbon with tons of danger but little safety. This was the moment of truth, my sisters' eyes told me. The thing the twins had professed to be so afraid of. The instant Amy had sworn was about to come.
"You guys can crash out here, right?" Amy said. The tension untangled. I realized I'd been holding my breath. The once-silent room kicked in, like someone had unmuted the TV. Jenna and Brianna nodded enthusiastically.
Amy brought out some spare pillows. The twins both set up on the floor, ceding me the very comfortable couch. We all took turns brushing our teeth in the bathroom. Brianna and Jenna put on very conservative, warm flannel pajama sets. I was wearing my usual t-shirt and boxers. Amy had on dark blue, silk pajamas, but they covered her from wrist to ankle. It was all very appropriate, as Jenna had demanded earlier.
Finally, Amy closed the curtains on her massive window, then turned out the lights. She went off to her bedroom and shut the door. The three of us lay in silence.
"See? This is nice," I said.
"It is," Brianna said.
"Tomorrow will be fun, too," I said.
"I guess so," Jenna said.
I turned on my side feeling warm and cozy. Once again, my expectations had been thrown for a loop. My dick had anticipated a far different evening and, with no sisters on offer, did its best to penetrate the couch instead. I tried to ignore my hard on. This was fine. This was good. I wasn't at all disappointed that a whole day (a whole week!) had passed, and nothing had been even slightly flirty.
After all, it's what my sisters wanted.
*
"Fuck!"
I woke up to Amy groaning. She was still in her pajamas, rummaging around the apartment. "Not one goddammed Tylenol in the whole fucking place." I slowly sat up on the couch. The early light blinded me through the grand open window. My steel erection from the night before had been reinforced with severe morning wood. I found a throw pillow and quickly covered myself.
"Fuck fuck fuck!" Amy said it again. She was now rifling through the kitchen.
The twins slowly got up, rubbing their eyes like they'd stepped out of a cliched cartoon.
"What's happening?" Brianna asked.
"I'm fucking hungover, that's what," Amy said, "My whole body's aching, my head is throbbing, and I swear to God if someone doesn't dim that light, I'm going to go on a murder spree."
Now here was the Amy I knew from childhood. The one that threatened a bloody massacre if no one dialed down the sun for her.
"I might have something in my bag," I said. The last time I'd used this suitcase, it was for a hockey tournament out of town. I was pretty sure I still had pain pills in the front pocket.
I got off the couch and went to grab my bag from the corner of the room. As I passed, Jenna yawned and stretched. I couldn't help but glance at her cute, flat tummy. She looked over at me, then her eyes widened. I saw where she was staring and nearly jumped. In all the excitement, I forgot about my not-so-little friend.
"Sorry, I just have to pee," I said.
"Uh huh," Jenna said.
I quickly bent down near my bag to hide my erection, then unzipped the pouch. Sure enough, a full bottle of Tylenol rattled into my hands. I handed it to Amy, who praised me like I'd handed her a stack of gold coins. Then I scampered off to the bathroom to urinate. I felt better, but my erection didn't even flag. I forced it back into my boxers, but it was like hiding an elephant under a bedsheet: concealed in only the most cursory fashion, and easily identified by shape alone.
I came back out, sadly still pointing north. I quickly made my way to the couch and retrieved my protective pillow. What did Jenna want me to do about it, anyway? My penis had expectations, dammit. It wasn't his fault that the girls had all done something rational and proper.
"Ffffffffffuck," Amy said, again. She kept repeating the word as if it was some kind of magical mantra. She sat on the couch next to me and held her head like she was worried it might roll off. "Wine is the worst."
"I'm sorry, Amy," I said.
"Well, I can't wait to get going on our day," Jenna said.
"Sounds like so much fun," Brianna said. Both girls got up and headed to the bathroom.
"We're not going anywhere," Amy said, talking to the floor. My twin sisters froze in place. I couldn't help but enjoy that Brianna's massive bust kept moving even though she'd stopped. Jenna had no such issue.
"I can't leave the apartment," Amy said, "I can barely get off the couch."
The twins eyed each other. I felt like I could see the thoughts running through their minds. On the one hand, it was pretty insensitive to see their older sister in pain and force her to plow through. On the other, the only reason they felt safe in Amy's apartment was that they weren't going to be staying there. The promise of a day out had been what kept the twins calm. Now, it seemed they would be doing nothing of the sort.
"Look, girls, I get it," Amy said. She was still not moving anything but her mouth, "But, could you please pretend to be understanding for once and not be selfish brats."
Jenna and Brianna both had the sense to look ashamed.
"We could hang out and have a pajama day," I said, doing my best to sound enthusiastic without shaking up Amy, "That could be fun. Watch a bunch of movies, eat crappy food. That kind of thing."
Amy rubbed my shoulder, then looked up at the girls. Her eyes burned like twin-seeking missiles. Brianna and Jenna both agreed immediately with my plan.
"That would be great," Jenna said.
"Sounds fun," Brianna said.
"Maybe if you're feeling better, we'll go out this afternoon instead," Jenna said.
"Sure," Amy said.
"I'll pick a movie," I said, "Why don't you girls get snacks."
We all went about getting ready for the morning. The twins used the bathroom and cleaned up their makeshift beds but stayed in their pjs. Amy drank about a gallon of ice water. I took apart the couch and spread pillows on the floor so we could all camp out. Then I found something silly on Netflix.
We all sat in a circle in front of the warm glow of the TV. The twins brought over two large bowls -- one filled with popcorn, the other with rainbow-colored gummy fish.
Amy eyed the candy oddly.
"We found them in a plastic bag in the cabinet," Jenna said.
"They're super tasty," Brianna said. The twins ate two each, then turned to the TV. Amy leaned against me. I could feel her hip pressing against mine. I almost reached out to hold her hand, but I thought better of it. My older sister didn't seem much like the hand-holding type. The twins sat off to the side, away from both of us. They passed us the food. Amy had a small handful of popcorn but turned down the gummies.
"My stomach is wrecked," she said. I reached for the bowl, but she subtly pushed my hand away. She gave me a strange look, so I handed the fish back to the twins and ate popcorn, instead. Jenna and Brianna didn't notice Amy's odd behavior. They both downed another handful of gummies when I gave them back.
About halfway through the movie, Amy got up and went into her bedroom. We could hear her rummaging around in there. I wondered if she was getting dressed, signaling to us that her hangover had subsided, and we were about to move on with our day.
"Chase, I need your help!" Amy called. I hopped off the floor and headed over. Amy was sitting on the bed. She was still in her silky, yet conservative navy pajamas, but she made them look damn good. My younger sisters, as I've said, were cute. Amy was fucking gorgeous.
She had a beautiful face with big green eyes, a cute, button nose and broad, expressive lips. Her blonde hair, even uncombed and sleepy, ran in golden rivulets over her shoulders and down her chest. Women who look like my sister are a different species than you or I. She should have been displayed in a museum, not sitting in some one-bedroom apartment talking to her dopey brother.
And her body? Amy was awomanin every sense of the word. She had the ideal female shape: tall, with prominent breasts and wide hips. A taut little tummy and shapely legs. Her skin was tan and flawless. I've used the word goddess before for Amy -- I truly think people would worship her if given the chance. Lord knows, I did.
My older sister gazed up at me with a naughty grin. The haze of hangover was completely gone. She didn't even give me a preamble, just got right to the point. "If we're going to get you laid, you're going to have to help a heck of a lot more than this," she said. It was like she was telling me I needed to study more for the big test or clean my bedroom.Do your duty and do your sisters, young man.
"Amy, I don't know," I said.
She reached over and grabbed my dick through my boxers. I practically came in her hand right there; I was already so worked up.
"That's OK," she said, "He knows." She squeezed my cock on the word 'he,' in case her implication was unclear. She began lightly stroking me up and back. Just enough to keep me on edge. My balls went from ache to burn.
"I know Amy, I want you so bad, too," I said.
Amy looked pointedly toward the door. She tightened her grip around my cock. "We can't do anything unless they do, Chase," Amy said, "I may be a slut for my little brother, but I can't be alone. We all have to do it or none of us can."
I suppose that made sense. I'd spent a lot of time trying to understand my older sister's motives the past weekend. That Amy wanted to sleep with me, well, OK I didn't really understand it, but I could rationalize my way there. Why she wanted me to do my younger siblings, though, was a massive mystery.
Everything Amy did fit into the equation, but none of it added up. At first, I supposed it was her kink, that she liked to watch. Or, and I tried my best to pocket this thought no matter how many times it popped up, she was being sadistic -- intentionally trying to break the twins, pervert them in the literal sense, as a way of making herself feel better. Amy had always openly resented us, the younger siblings. She felt like we were spoiled by our parents while she, seven years older, had been made to suffer. Like I said, it was a thought that occurred, but it was one I tried to avoid. It was far too dark for me to contemplate.
But the idea that Amy didn't want to do it alone, well that made a lot of sense, too. If she had sex with her brother, then she was weird. Broken. But if we all did it, well... OK we were all still weird and broken. But at least we were twisted together. If I wanted to be with Amy, it meant I had to drag my younger sisters along, as well. And there was the crux of my problem.
"Brianna and Jenna don't want to do anything," I said, "They gave me this whole speech before we came over."
Amy gave me a disdainful look. She blew her hair out of her eyes. "Please. Those two? They want it as bad as you, maybe more. For the first time in your life, apparently, you need to look at your sisters' tits more. They've both had their headlights on full blare since last night. Those girls like to pretend to be chaste, but they're really just Chasing you. If you get my meaning."
I gave my sister a doubtful look. Did girls truly say one thing but mean another?
"Fuck yes we do!" Amy said. "Trust me, those two are gushing down their legs like a freaking waterpark. Whatever they say? They're desperate to ride. But they want you to force them on, or they won't go. That's part oftheirkink."
I gave Amy a puppy dog look. She smiled and kissed me lightly on the lips.
"I don't know," I said, meaning it. There was too much blood in my one head to help the other. Amy let go of my shaft, leaving me both relieved and disappointed.
"We just need to trick them into it a little," Amy said, "You're so much better at this than I am -- come up with a plan. Don't worry, I've already deployed some secret weapons."
"They said they won't drink," I said.
"Oh Chase, honey, give me a little more credit than that," Amy said, "I've already done my part, trust me. Now it's your turn to improvise when the situation calls for it, OK?"
I told her I would. Amy stood up and patted my head, lovingly. "That's a good boy."
Amy walked out of her bedroom, leaving the door open for me to follow. As she went, I watched her body transform. Her steps slowed and her body slouched. It was like watching an octopus slink back into the shadows, slowly shifting color to blend into the sea wall. Magnificent and terrifying all at once. Amy groaned, loudly, and my younger sisters both cooed sympathetically. My older sister walked right past them and shut the bathroom door behind her.
I padded back into the living room, then sat down on the floor and leaned against the couch. The twins were still sitting on the floor in their pajamas, staring at the TV. Once again, I was sitting with some very sexy girls in not very sexy pjs. I had my orders. All I had to do was find a way to separate column A (hot sisters) from column B (clothing). Easily done. I hoped.
"What did Amy want?" Jenna asked. We could hear our older sister knocking things around in the bathroom. I wondered if she was actually searching for something, or just giving me time to work my 'magic,' whatever that was.
"Amy called you into her bedroom?" Brianna asked, "How come?
"Oh, she needed something down from the top of her closet," I said.
"She's taller than you," Jenna said. I shrugged.
I hadn't even come up with a plan and already things were falling apart. I thought back to how I'd accomplished this before.
The first time, we'd gotten it done with peer pressure. The false feeling of competition plus Amy and I stripping, ourselves, got my younger sisters into it. The second time, Amy had gotten the girls drunk and had them play a game that, again, gradually ramped to sex.
So, there was a theme there: something that lowered inhibitions plus some sort of external pressure. Amy had said she had a secret weapon, I assumed that would cover the first part. Now we needed a reason for the clothes to come off.
I rubbed my arms, subconsciously. For all the cold that was outside, Amy's apartment was remarkably warm. And then I knew immediately what I had to do. God bless Nelly. He really is the Shakespeare of our time.
"Gee Amy," I said, loudly enough that all three sisters could clearly hear, "It's a shame that you can't adjust your thermostat."
"What?" Amy asked. She came back out into the living room, the bathroom door swinging open behind her. "Are you cold? I could turn up the..."
"No, you can't," I said, quickly interrupting, "Remember you told me before that this is an old building and so the heat can't be changed from here?"
There was a pause. Amy's face shifted, like the idea had finally hatched in her mind.
"Oh yes," Amy said, "It's a shame, but true. In the winter it's practically summer in here."
"Right," I said, "You told me that you spend most days in shorts and a t-shirt, even in the middle of a snowstorm."
My acting was so bad, I was liable to get hired for an afternoon infomercial. But that didn't matter. My younger sisters bought into it immediately.
"That has to be so frustrating," Jenna said.
"And then, of course, the A/C is on during the summer and I'm wearing sweaters and jeans all day," Amy said.
"God, that sucks so bad," Brianna said.
"I've been thinking about moving, it's so annoying," Amy said.
"Oh, but this place is so awesome," Jenna said.
"Yes, your apartment is beautiful," Brianna said. Amy glowed at her sisters' compliments. She joined us on the living room floor, smiling excitedly. She put her arms around her younger sisters and squeezed their shoulders.
"That's what Chase was doing before," Amy said, "In my bedroom. That's where the thermostat is. He was trying to get the heat down."
"But Chase said that..."
"I should go try again," I said, "Just to be sure." I jumped up and sprinted into Amy's bedroom. Sure enough, on the far wall, there was a little glowing screen for a modern thermostat. I swear I almost cackled as I turned it up as high as it would go.
I walked back into the living room, doing my best to appear pouty. "No luck," I said, "The heat's stuck where it is."
Amy looked up from the floor where she was cuddling with the twins. She gave me a lascivious smirk. "I guess we'll have to suffer through."
The twins both nodded, but I could see the worry in their faces.
"Thanks for beingsounderstanding," Amy said. It seemed to piss her off that her sisters weren't more empathetic of her fake condition.
We settled back down, I hit play, and we finished the first movie -- the guy got the girl, who'd have thunk it?
"Chase, why don't you pick something else for us to watch?" Amy asked. It was close to noon now and the sun was shining so bright we could barely see the screen through the glare. But no one seemed to want to do anything else.
I looked for something we could all enjoy but the girls didn't want action or sci-fi and I couldn't bear another romantic comedy. Eventually we all settled on the Great British Baking Show. For a cooking competition, it felt remarkably relaxed.
"This is making me hungry, but we're out of snacks," Brianna said. She held up the empty bowls -- the popcorn and the gummies were all gone.
"I don't think I can go out," Amy said.
"I'm, like, so chill," Jenna said, "I don't want to go anywhere, either."
"Seriously," Brianna said, "Since when is the floor so comfortable?"
"I guess I could order in," Amy said, "Pizza OK?"
The twins both agreed immediately. Amy gave me a knowing look. She reached for her cell and made the call.
"I can't wait," Brianna said, "A big, salty slice of pizza would be so good right now."
"Hell yeah," Jenna said, "This would be perfect if it wasn't so damn hot in here." She gave Amy a careful look -- anything that came close to criticism was asking to get chastised by our older sister. But Amy just smiled and agreed.
My work with the thermostat had definitely gotten the job done. I felt over-warm in my boxers and a t-shirt. I couldn't imagine how my sisters were suffering in full length pajamas. And the twins were both wearing flannel, which, had to feel hotter than the baking ovens we were watching on TV.
"I don't suppose you guys brought anything for warm weather," Amy said, "I'd lend you my stuff but it's all in storage for the season."
I fought the urge to reach over and throttle my sister. That directly contradicted what we'd said earlier about needing shorts all winter. But the twins let it sail right over their heads.
"These pjs are probably the lightest clothes we have," Jenna said.
"At least Chase gets to be in just boxers and a t-shirt," Brianna said,
"You're right, Bree, that's not fair at all," Amy said, "We have to be all dressed up while Chase is basically in his underwear."
"You, ummm, want me to put onmoreclothes?" I asked. I moved like I might actually get up.
"Exactly," Brianna said, "Then we'd all be suffering the same way."
"Not really," I said, "Since I'd have layers and you wouldn't."
"We could do the other thing," Amy said. Oh, you better believe I saw that wicked smirk sneak across her face. Ladies and gentlemen, we have liftoff! "We could all sit around in our underwear, too."
The twins paused at that. It was like, for the first time, they could feel the rope tightening around their necks. Would they be smart enough to evade it, or step further into the trap?
"So, I'd just sit around in my bra and panties?" Brianna said.
"We all would," Amy said, "Well, Chase would be in his boxers and t-shirt. But you get the idea."
"I don't know," Jenna said.
"What's the big deal?" Amy said, "It's no more or less than a bikini and Chase has seen you in that." I'd actually seen them wearing way less, but I didn't think that was the right time to bring it up. "We're all family here. Why be uncomfortable all day if you don't have to? Here, I'll go first."
Amy stood up and started to lift her silky pajama shirt up. I saw her bare stomach, the bottoms of her breasts, then...
"Amy, you're naked under there!" Brianna gasped
"Whoopsie!" Amy said. She giggled a bit too loudly. "I'll go to my bedroom and put on more appropriate attire."
We all sat in silence as Amy left the room. She came back a minute later wearing a matching black bra and panty set. It was lacy, but not too revealing. The color looked really good with her tan skin and honey-gold hair.
"OK girls, get to it," Amy said.
My twin sisters both eyed each other, nervously.
"Oh, for fucks sake," Amy said, "I'm in my underwear, Chase is in his. You already agreed to this. I'm not going back and changing into my pjs it's too damn hot."
Jenna took a deep breath and stood up. She grabbed her bag and started heading back to Amy's bedroom.
"Wait, where are you going?" Amy asked.
"To get changed? Jenna said.
"Just do it out here," Amy said.
"In front of..."
"What's the big deal," Amy said, "It's nothing we all haven't seen," Amy paused, seeing Jenna give her the doe eyes. "Fine. We'll turn around and close our eyes, OK?"
Amy grabbed my shoulder and pulled me around, so we were staring at the bathroom. We heard the sound of rustling clothes as both the twins opened their suitcases. Amy nudged me, grinning like a madwoman. The bathroom door was open, and I could clearly see both sisters getting naked in the mirror.
The twins were moving hurriedly, which only made them expose even more. Brianna was bent over at the waist, her pink slit poking out from under her. Even better, her massive boobs hung forward in all their incredible glory. Jenna was down on all fours digging through her bag and, while there wasn't much hanging off her, she still looked ready for a fucking. In fact, both sisters were in positions that looked better for dicking than dressing.
Then they both stood and hurriedly pulled on their underwear. Jenna shimmied into a matching, dark green set, while Brianna pulled on a baby blue one.
"We're ready," the twins said together. I turned around and saw both sisters standing there in their underwear. Even having already seen so much more, they looked pretty great posing in the bright light of Amy's apartment.
Both Jenna and Brianna had on similarly cut underwear, sheer rather than lacy like Amy's. Jenna's bra and panties kept her well-covered in a deep emerald that matched her eyes. Brianna's outfit, on the other hand, already looked ready to pop right off her. The blue was like her eyes, as well, and had a similar effect. Both twins blushed slightly as they saw me staring. Jenna especially with her already-pink cheeks.
"Thisisway more comfortable," Brianna said.
"Like being at the beach," Jenna said.
"Not far off with how hot it is in here," Amy said. The three sisters sat back down on the floor. I was about to join them, when Amy stopped me.
"You know girls, we're all in our underwear, but Chase isn't."
"Boxers," I said, pointing, "I don't wear briefs. They're dorky."
"Amy's right, Chase," Brianna said, a bit of tease in her talk, "A t-shirt isn't underwear."
"We're all so exposed for our brother," Amy said, "He should take his shirt off, don't you think? It's only fair, after all."
"Sure," Jenna said.
"Definitely," Brianna said.
I acted exasperated, but it didn't bother me at all. I reached down and pulled my shirt over my head. Like I've said before, I wasn't ripped or anything, but I was in pretty good shape from hockey. Still, all three of my sisters stared at me, agape, when I tossed my shirt to the side.
"What?"
Jenna pointed wordlessly at my crotch. Sure enough, I was sticking out like a waist-high coat rack.
"It was the same before I took my shirt off," I said.
"It's more noticeable now," Brianna said. I shrugged. It didn't make much sense to me, but I wasn't going to complain about my sisters' appreciation.
"Think of it as a compliment," Amy said, "You girls are so hot, Chase can't stop himself."
"You all do look good in your underwear," I said, smirking.
There was a loud buzzing noise. Amy jumped up, causing her body to do all kinds of awesome things, and walked over to the door.
"That'll be our pizza," she said. The twins both got to their feet, as well, and started to scramble to the bedroom.
"What is it with you two?" Amy asked.
"We don't want the delivery guy to see us," Brianna said.
"But it's OK for him to ogle me?" Amy said.
"Put your pajamas back on," Jenna said, "Or like, do you have a robe or something?"
"It's too hot for a robe and too much of a pain in the ass to get dressed and undressed again," Amy said. An idea seemed to cross her face. "In fact, Jenna, I dare you to open the door for him dressed exactly as you are."
My brown-haired baby sister blushed again, even brighter than before. The pink color warmed right down to her chest.
"God, you're such a prude," Amy said, "How are you going to get through college if you can't handle having a pizza guy see you in your underwear?"
There was a pause. I knew that staring at Jenna was only going to make her more self-conscious, but I couldn't think of anywhere else to look. There was a loud knock at the door, but we all ignored it.
"Fine," Jenna said, "I'll do it."
Amy handed her younger sister a twenty, then all of us crowded back behind the kitchen. We could see Jenna by the door, but anyone by the opening couldn't see us.
The guy knocked again. Jenna took a deep breath and visibly steeled herself. She opened the door. The kid on the other side nearly dropped the pizza as soon as he saw her. There was my sister in all her 18-year-old, nearly-naked glory. Her little tits and shaved pussy barely covered by her verdant underwear.
The delivery guy looked to be about my age, maybe a bit older, with a straggly beard and beady eyes that goggled every time my baby sister breathed. Jenna reached to hand the poor fellow his money and he nearly dropped the pizza again.
Finally, they managed to make the exchange. Jenna thanked him. The delivery guy stumbled and stuttered back. Then Jenna closed the door. As soon as it clicked, she cheered.
"That was awesome!" she cried. We all ran into the room. Jenna and Brianna were both shouting.
"You looked so hot!" Brianna said.
"He could barely speak," Jenna said.
Both girls dissolved into laughter, practically falling onto the floor. Amy gingerly took the pizza out of Jenna's hands and put it on the dinner table. The twins were still giggling, near hysterical. It went from funny to weird.
"Are you two OK?" I asked.
"I'm great," Jenna said, "That was so much fun."
"I'm so jealous," Brianna said, "I wish we could do it again."
"I'm not ordering food just so you can flash strangers," Amy said.
"No, I mean, like, we should do more dirty dares," Brianna said. Amy and I shared a knowing look. It was on like Donkey Kong hitting a gong, wearing a thong, and singing a song.
"I don't know," Amy said.
"Please Amy? I promise it'll be awesome," Brianna said.
"Well, only if it's awesome," Amy said. She took a big bite of her pizza. "But first, food." We all sat around the table and ate. The twins, in particular, seemed ravenous, downing slices like they hadn't eaten in days. Once everything was clear, we reconvened in the living room, all still in our underwear and sat down on the floor. I had Amy on my right side and Jenna on my left. Brianna was facing me.
"OK, time for dares," Brianna said. She rubbed her palms like she was planning to capture James Bond.
"They have to be dirty dares," Amy said, waggling her finger, "That's what I was promised."
"Fine," Brianna said, "Hmmmm, Jenna has some tomato sauce on her cheek. I dare Chase to lick it off."
I looked at my older sister. "That's pretty dirty," I said.
"It'll do," Amy said, "For a start."
I turned over to Jenna. She did have a little red spot on her cheek. But rather than stick my tongue out and lick like I think she was expecting, I pulled my little sister close to me and gave her something much closer to an intimate kiss. I felt her body pressed against mine. Made sure my hardness bumped her thigh. Held my arm against her little breasts. Then kissed her closer to her lips than her cheek. I made sure to get the sauce with my tongue, then sat back.
If Jenna had been flushed before, now she was practically feverish. She leaned back, a bit shell-shocked.
"Jenna, it's your go," Brianna said.
"Uh huh," Jenna said.
"Fine, my turn," Amy said. "Brianna you've also got sauce. On the top of your boob. Chase?"
"No, I don't..." Brianna started but I leapt across the room before she could continue. Of course, I couldn't reach her breast with just my head, so I hefted it up with my right hand, practically lifting it out of the cup so I could put my mouth to her full tit flesh.
Using a similar technique as I had with Jenna, I tongued at my little sister's tit. Brianna sighed, then groaned.
"So tingly," she said. "Like, everything feels so sharp, yet fuzzy at the same time.
"I know, right?" Jenna agreed. Now both sisters were good and spacey. I sat back down in my seat. If my boner had been straight to the moon before, it was reaching for Alpha Centauri now. I didn't think I could get any harder and if my balls hurt any worse, I was going to need ice.
"We need to stop making Chase do everything," Jenna said. No, we most certainly didn't, but I knew better than to drive things. Not when my sisters already had their feet firmly affixed to the accelerator.
"Fine," Amy said, "Since you twins say you're so tingly, I dare you to kiss each other." My younger sisters rolled their eyes, as if they expected this. But they leaned over and shared a chaste little kiss on the lips. Brianna put her hand behind Jenna's head. They kissed again, tighter. I saw Jenna's pink little tongue slip out and...
"Whoa, slow down there," Amy said. She stood up and pushed the twins apart. "Jeez, you two really can't keep your hands off each other."
The twins both blushed again, then sat down.
"She's a good kisser," Jenna said, as if that explained everything.
"Not bad yourself," Brianna said. Both sisters were still acting strangely, I realized. Jokes were almost too funny. They moved like they were drunk, exaggerated and slow. Their eyes seemed permanently unfocused.
"Well, I think Chase should take a turn," Amy said.
"Jenna had to show off to the pizza guy, I think Brianna should, too," I said.
"No more calling delivery people," Amy said.
"What if we needed to borrow something from next door," I said, "Like some AA batteries. You know. For a toy."
Amy's smile grew with every word I said. Jenna, too, looked really excited. Brianna, however, did not seem so pleased by the idea.
"I don't know, guys," she said.
"If you don't do the dare, you have to strip naked for the rest of the day," Amy said, explaining the rule like it was codified in stone.
For some reason, that was enough. Brianna stood up, reluctantly, and went up to the front door. She rested her hand on the knob, like waiting for a reprieve.
"Go to 83," Amy said, "Trust me."
"Remember, you have to explain the whole thing," I said.
Brianna groaned, but she opened the door and walked out into the hallway. It was freezing out there compared to Amy's apartment and the lights were brighter, too. It made my blonde, busty sister seem even more exposed.
Brianna walked delicately down the hallway, then stopped three doors down. Amy, Jenna, and I all poked our heads around the corner like we were hunting ghosts with Scooby-Doo. The hallway echoed as Brianna rapped on the apartment door.
It opened and a tall, muscular guy answered. Even I had to admit, this was a good-looking dude. He had a thick brown beard and deep, bronzed skin. Even through his white dress shirt and dark slacks, I could see how well-built he was.
"Can I help you?" he eyed my little sister warily. Brianna had nothing to be ashamed of, even in the presence of Amy's hallway hunk. After all, here was a girl with epic, gravity-defying breasts. A prominent bubble butt. Long blonde hair and deep blue eyes. She was the American, corn-fed, dictionary definition of fuckable. And she was wearing nothing but a bra and panties.
"I, ummmm, need to borrow some batteries?" Brianna said. The man stared back at her. He looked to be probably twice Bree's age, but that didn't keep him from eye-fucking her from top to bottom. Brianna kept rambling, the words clearly only making things worse. "You see, I have this toy? You know a, ummm, a toy. For me. And, well, it ran out of power, and I, ummmm, I need it. So bad."
"Batteries," the man said, "For your toy."
"Uh huh," Brianna said. She started twirling her hair. Her feet were planted, but I could tell she was tensing, getting ready to run.
"Hang on," the man said. He stepped behind the door frame. Jenna started to giggle loudly, and Amy gave her a hard shove back into the apartment. That only made Jenna laugh more. Brianna was almost as pink as her sister, standing there in the hall. She kept shifting her weight from one leg to the other. She turned and stared back at us.
"He's so hot!" she whispered. She must have seen my face fall because she immediately started backtracking. "I mean, he's not... That is. You know I only..."
"Here you go," the man said. Brianna whipped her head around. The man was standing there, holding a pair of batteries in his palm.
"Double-Ds?" he asked.
"What?" Brianna nearly fell over backwards.
"Double-As," the man said, "Is that what you needed?"
"Um, yes. Thanks!" Brianna said. She practically sprinted back to the apartment. Her massive tits bounced hard, one of them popping right out of her bra. She finally reached the door, panting. Amy quickly pulled Brianna inside and shut the door. Now both twins dissolved onto the floor, rolling and laughing, turning bright red.
"That was amazing," Jenna said. Brianna held up the AAs like they were a trophy.
The girls calmed down, then rolled over onto their backs. Amy was standing over them, her hands on her hips.
"That was a pretty mean thing you did to your brother out there, you know," Amy said.
Brianna's eyes got big and scared. Her giant tit was still hanging out and she looked very vulnerable
"How much would it break your heart if you were in your underwear and Chase told you another girl was way hotter than you?" Amy asked
Brianna really did look upset and so did Jenna. In the moment, I mean, it didn't bother me too much. Even I could concede that Amy's neighbor was attractive. But I knew by now that rule number one of Amy's games was that you had to play along. It was the only way to win. So, I made a big, sad face.
"Oh my God, I'm so sorry," Brianna said, "You're totally right, I don't know what I was thinking. I was just so nervous, and it came out. I didn't mean anything by it, Chase, I swear."
"Yes, you know we only have eyes for you," Jenna said.
"That's not what Chase told me," Amy said, "He said you two have been making him feel bad all week about what you did."
"No, Chase we would never. It's just. Fuck," Brianna said, "I'm sorry if anything I said ever hurt you. You're special to me in a way that no one else could ever be."
"Me too," Jenna said, "I'm very sorry if I made you feel like you weren't important to me."
"Do you feel better, brother?" Amy said. She rested her hand on my shoulder. We were both standing over my sisters, and I had trouble seeing them around my massive hard on. That had to make my sadness seem less sincere, but none of my sisters acted that way.
"I guess I'm OK," I said.
"I think you should show your brother how much he means to you," Amy said, "Before the game can go on."
"What can I do, Chase?" Brianna asked.
"Anything, OK? Anything at all," Jenna said. Both sisters looked up at me. For the first time I realized what Amy had been trying to tell me. This whole time I'd truly believed my sisters were upset about what had happened the weekend before. But the looks in Brianna and Jenna's eyes wasn't worry about what I might ask them to do. They weren't scared or concerned.
No, their faces only conveyed a singular emotion: hope.
My younger sisters were both on their knees now, praying that I'd finally give them the excuse to bend over and take my dick. I smiled for a second, but quickly replaced it with a stern, sorrowful look.
"I'm not sure what would fix it," I said.
"You're so sexy," Brianna said.
"So hot," Jenna said. "I love your chest and your legs." My brown-haired little sister stood up and started to trace me with her fingers. Arms and chest. Dragging ever downward.
"And your big dick," Brianna said. She reached into my fly and gave my member a squeeze. Again, I felt my orgasm right on the edge. I had three attractive young women in only their underwear and now two of them were rubbing me. It was a miracle I hadn't already repainted Amy's walls.
Brianna kept her hand on my cock and began lightly corkscrewing it. Jenna licked her lips. She knelt back down and put her hand on top of her sisters'. Amy gave me a little nudge with her elbow.Told ya so.
"I was right there," Brianna said, "So I could tell what that guy was packing."
"Girls just know, you know," Jenna said.
"I doubt he had more than a little micropenis," Brianna said, "Nothing like my brother's giant dong."
"We'd be stupid to want anyone else," Jenna said. She pulled my boxers down around my ankles. My incredible, edible erection popped out. In a second, in a fraction of a second, Brianna's mouth was around my member. She sucked it in with vigor, with passion, like it was the best thing in the whole world, and it belonged in her mouth.
Well, her and her sister's. Brianna was a good twin and let Jenna take turns licking me. Both girls lollied at my pop, one by one. All I could do was stand there and groan. I could barely do that. Those girls had miracle mouths and I was about to fall over from it.
Amy rested her hand on my shoulder, like she was proud of me. Brianna reached back and cupped my balls. She worked her tongue up and down my shaft. Then Jenna pushed her off with a wet, smacking noise, and made a suction-tight seal around my dick. She pulled back.
SLLLLLUUUUUUURP
Then forward till her nose was pressed in my pubes. Then back again.
SLLLLLLUUUUUUURP. Dragging the loose skin up around my cockhead.
On the third repetition, I felt my balls tighten and I knew my sister was about to pull the cum right out of my cock as she sucked back.
"Oh my God, Jen I'm going to..."
Suddenly my shlong was in the open air. Even in the oppressive heat of the apartment, my cock felt cold compared to where it had just been. Both Jenna and Brianna were sprawled on the floor, Amy standing over them.
"Time for more dares!" she announced. Both my sisters looked disappointed, but they couldn't possibly have felt as let down as I did. I took a deep breath to steady myself. My nuts were practically vibrating now. I reached down to pull up my boxers, but Amy stopped me.
"Once clothes come off, they stay off," Amy said. Again, like she had the secret rulebook to Doing Dirty Dares with Siblings.
I started to protest, but Amy mouthedtrust meand, well, at this point how could I not?
We all walked back over to the floor by the couches. I sat down, now completely naked. My butt felt sticky on the couch cushion, while my dick did its bestSpace Needle but tallerimpression over my thighs. I caught all three sisters staring straight at it. I guess I now understood how they felt having me eye up their tits and butts all the time. Not that that was ever going to stop me from doing it.
"My turn," Amy said, as if we were doing anything so formal as playing an actual game where people each took turns. "Since Jenna likes to be exposed so much, I think she should go stand in front of my window."
"That's not so bad," Jenna said.
"And masturbate," Amy said.
Jenna froze mid-stand.
"You can always get naked," Amy said. My younger sister glanced over at me, already in the state she was trying to avoid. I think it was pretty inevitable that we were all going to be clothes-less soon enough, but Amy's threat was apparently still effective.
Jenna took a deep breath and then a look of determination took over her face. She was the serious twin. The smart one. I know Amy thought we were all coddled, but Jenna really did fight for what she wanted. It was one of the many ways in which she was amazing.
Jenna walked right up to the landscape window. The entire city spread out before her. We were high, but it was only eight floors up. Anyone walking past could simply look up and see. There were other buildings around us, and they had a clear view, as well. It wasn't like being broadcast on the Internet, in some ways it was way worse.
Jenna dipped her right hand into her green panties.
"Underwear off," Amy said, "Let them all get a good look."
Jenna pushed her panties to the ground. Her pussy was bare, and it put her even further on display. Her hand grazed her clit and she shuddered, with a louduhn. Remember, I'd seen my little sister's orgasm. Several times, in fact. I had a pretty good idea of what her apex looked like. I knew what a tiny bit of pleasure was versus her big, blow out bomb. My sister had barely touched herself and she was already cumming. HARD.
"Fuck those gummies are good," Amy muttered.
Jenna rubbed her clit with abandon. Before her first orgasm could finish another one steamrolled over her. Her body cinched and I swear she almost fell over. But she kept stroking herself. Thighs trembling. Knees bent. Eyes rolling up in her head. Pink, shaven pussy exposed to the world. Being in front of that window had to have been a massive turn-on for Jenna, considering how quickly her cums piled on top of each other.
Finally, my baby sister screamed like she'd been stabbed and tipped backward. She landed on her butt with a bounce, but it didn't stop her ecstasy, shaking her like a seizure.
"Oh God oh God oh God." The words spilled out of her mouth, then she finally stilled. Breaths coming in great, hungry gulps.
"Holy fuck," Brianna said. She stared at her twin like she'd just witnessed something divine in the truest sense of the word. Which, perhaps, she had.
Jenna slowly stood up, but her legs betrayed her, and she tumbled back down. She ended up crawling back to the couch. Her whole body seemed to radiate satisfaction. A dull smile played on her face.
Before anyone could issue another dare, Brianna jumped to her feet. "I want to dothat," she declared.
"It's not a dare if someone already did it," Amy said. Seriously, where was she coming up with this stuff? "You can stand in front of the window. But your sister has to get you off."
Jenna groaned, neither a good nor a bad sound. If it bothered Brianna at all, she didn't show it. Instead, the buxom blonde pranced over to the window and stood there, staring out at the city.
Her twin crawled back over. Poor Jenna was still recovering from her own self-given orgasm and now she had to provide one to Brianna, as well. The brunette dutifully sat up on her knees. She pulled her twin's blue panties down and found her pussy. Unlike her sister, Brianna didn't shave at all -- she had a full, blonde bush between her legs.
I'd read a lot about how women were different than men and you couldn't just grab their private parts and go. Well, Jenna clearly hadn't heard that. She reached right into Brianna's little snatch and started strumming her sister's clit for all it was worth.
Brianna gasped. Her body cinched, but she stayed upright, eyes focused on the skyline. The blonde girl began to chant as her sister worked her over. "Here I am. Look at me. Here I am. Look at me." Like she was begging for the entire city to turn her way and marvel at the beautiful blonde getting jilled off by her own twin sister.
Jenna slid her hand up Brianna's back and unclipped her bra.
"Yeah, show them my huge tits," Brianna whispered. The cups fell away and now my sister was completely naked. Her breasts, impossibly massive, stood out in proud defiance of the laws of gravity. Her dark nipples pursed forward, begging to be pinched. Jenna obliged. One hand manipulated her sister's chest while the other worked her cunt.
Brianna gasped. "Oh fuck." It escaped her lips like steam from a kettle. She flushed as pink as her sister. Her whole body straightened. Went completely stiff. Then suddenly. "Oh FUCK!" Brianna shouted. Her mouth hung open in silent scream. She fell back to the side. Jenna quickly shifted from problem to solution, catching her twin and carefully helping her to the ground.
Brianna was clearly still enduring her orgasm. Her whole body seemed racked by it. For a moment, I legit thought we were going to have to call emergency, she seemed so overwhelmed by what her body was doing.
Finally, Brianna took a deep rasping breath. Her body softened and she started to move normally again.
"That was. Holy fuck. I mean. Wow."
"You OK?" Jenna asked. She was still holding her sister, looking down at her with concern.
"You, twinny-twin-twin, know how to rub a goddamn pussy," Brianna said.
"It was more than just me," Jenna said, but she blushed all the same.
"I think, maybe, we need to take a break from dirty dares," Amy said, "Before someone dies."
Again, I gave my older sister a disappointed look. What was she trying to do to me? But the blonde girl simply smirked and patted the ground for me to sit next to her. The twins made their way back over to the couch, as well.
We were all in a state of serious undress. Both Brianna and I were completely naked. Jenna was in only her bra. Amy was 'fully dressed' in that she had on both a bra and panties. That set a very low bar for what could be considered clothed in the apartment.
"Let's do some truths," Amy said, "Just for a little bit so you girls can recover, OK?"
We all nodded. I didn't remember agreeing to play Truth or Dare. Or, honestly, whatever the heck this game was. But at this point I think Amy could have told us we were going to play a game called 'clean my bathroom' and we'd all have readily agreed.
That said, I think the air went out of the room a little with Amy's suggestion. Both my younger sisters had been screaming in orgasm a moment before. My dick was so hard I could use it to chop ice. But we were all going to have a little chat, now. It was deflating in all the meanings of that word.
"Brianna, truth," Amy said, "Was that the best orgasm you've ever had?"
And just like that, the air was back in the room. This was almost as hot as watching my little sisters get off. OK, it wasn't close but still. It was damn good. My dick stiffened right back up again.
"No, it wasn't my best orgasm," Brianna said quickly, then stopped herself. She got quiet. "The first time. When Chase came in me? That was the best. By like, a lot."
I tried to keep the grin off my face, but I couldn't.
"See, you truly are special to your sisters," Amy said.
"Uh huh," I said, stupidly.
"Same question, Amy," Jenna said, grabbing a rare moment of control "Best orgasm?"
Amy looked at me, then nodded her head. I swore I saw her even blush a little. My all-business older sister. Was she really so shy about what I could do with her?
"I mean, obviously," Amy said, "I broke up with my boyfriend because of it."
"Wait," Brianna said, "You broke up with Luke?"
"You guys were together forever," Jenna said.
"You left your boyfriend so you could fuck your brother," Brianna said.
Amy nodded. Now she really was blushing. It was... I mean, of all the things I'd seen the past week or so. Everything that had passed my eyes: the tits, the pussies, the orgasms. Yet this, my sister quietly confessing that I'd made her cum harder than she ever had before, was by far the sexiest, most arresting, thing I'd ever witnessed. And then it got better.
"There were lots of reasons," Amy said. "We'd been fighting all the time and... But yeah. Yes. Chase, pushed me over the top in like, a bunch of different ways."
In that moment, I saw something in Amy I'd never noticed before. She was vulnerable. Her flushed body. The way she said each word, carefully, like it was a dangerous threat that might escape.
Amy done something totally insane. And she knew it. She didn't want to be happy about her choices, but she was. All that insecurity and worry rose right to the surface. I think all of us were shocked by it. Maybe Amy most of all. Our robotic older sister was human after all.
"Moving on," Amy said, quickly moving to change the subject, "Chase. Favorite sister?"
"Oh no, I'm not that stupid," I said.
"You have to answer," Amy said.
"Yes," Jenna and Brianna chorused. Oh my God these girls were going to be the death of me.
"I love you all equally," I said.
"I didn't say love, I said favorite," Amy said. She stared me down. She was going to make me do it, I could tell. This was another favorite game of hers: making me shame my younger sisters. At least before she'd done it behind their backs. Now both Brianna and Jenna were looking right at me. And I couldn't. Wouldn't.
"You're each my favorite in different ways," I said, crossing my arms.
"Booooo!" Jenna said. Brianna and Amy jeered and hissed. But I wouldn't budge. I would have been safer jumping out of an airplane into a pit of poisonous snakes circling electrified spikes covered in nuclear bombs than telling those girls I liked one of them more than the other.
"I don't think that's the truth," Amy said, "I think Chase should have to do a punishment." The twins both agreed with a little too much enthusiasm for my liking.
"Make him jerk off by the window," Jenna said.
"Make him go get more batteries from that guy," Brianna said.
"No, since our brother won't admit who his favorite sister is, I think we should have a competition to prove who it really is," Amy said. The girls' eyes all went alight at that. I didn't know what to think in that moment. I mean, this could be good, right? OK, I was probably doomed. Only my balls were now in so much pain I didn't care. My next orgasm felt so close and raw, it might kill me, anyway.
"Each of us will get a chance to do what we do best for our brother," Amy said, "To show him what we're made for. Then Chase will tell us who his true favorite is."
"Yes!" Brianna cried out, "Me first." She jumped up on all fours and turned around, presenting her pink little pussy right to me.
"Brianna! You can't do that!" Amy cried, "I just got you the stupid pill. You can't fuck your brother -- neither of you can."
Brianna and Jenna both looked positively despondent. What happened to 'no p in our c?' Where did 'we can't get pregnant' escape off to? God, if I'd ever doubted Amy before, I knew now for sure that she was telling the truth. My sisters wanted to get laid as bad as I did, if not worse. They were insane for incest. They just liked to pretend they didn't because that made them want to do it even more.
"Don't be sad, Bree," Amy said, "I know for a fact you've got a way better feature for your brother than a silly, sloppy pussy."
Brianna tilted her head, looking back legitimately confused.
"Bree," Amy said with disdain, "Your boobs."
"Oh right," Brianna said and giggled. As if to reinforce Amy's point, her gigantic tits jiggled as she laughed. "But what can Chase do with my breasts?"
I could think of a whole ton of things. Fortunately, Amy had an even better idea. "Come on little sis. It's obvious that you were built for titfucking."
Brianna smiled, as if sayingoh goody. But then confusion filled her face. "How do I do that?"
Amy rolled her eyes. "You girls are the worst sluts, I swear." She got up and positioned my little sister flat on her back. She took Brianna's hands and put them on either side of her tits.
"When Chase puts his cock right here," Amy pointed to the center of Brianna's chest, "Just squeeze together and voila."
I certainly wasn't going to look this gift sister in the breasts. Not the way my dick was feeling. I stood up and squatted over Brianna. The blonde girl beamed at me, happy as could be.
"Do it Chase," Brianna said, "Fuck my giant fun bags."
Even after all this, I was still a bit surprised at my sister's enthusiasm. If anything, I should have been shocked that Brianna was willing to let me fuck her boobs instead of sticking it in her hot little hole. But then, she probably assumed that wasn't far off.
I sat down on Brianna's stomach, careful to keep my weight off her. I slid my dick forward. She pushed her breasts together as she'd been shown. Just like that, my cock was ensconced in my baby sister's ample tit flesh.
"Is that good for you, bro?" Brianna asked.
"Fuck yes," I said. I drew back, the pleasure already past indescribable. It wasn't a matter of if I would cum, but where. I had a lot of awesome options in front of me.
"Hang on," Amy said. She put her hand on my shoulder. Fuck! I knew that everything that had happened so far -- all the incredible experiences I'd had -- were due to my older sister. But in that moment, I was ready to murder her. "This will be even better with lube."
Amy pranced off to her bedroom. She came back with a tube of some liquid, I couldn't tell. It made a rude noise as it squished out into her hand. Amy pushed me back, leaving Brianna's chest open again. One stroke of my cock with that stuff and I knew it would be all over. Fortunately, Amy sensed the same thing. Instead she liberally applied the clear gel to Brianna's chest and breasts. The blond girl groaned as her older sister (unnecessarily) spread it over her nipples.
Amy stepped back and assessed her handiwork. "Now we're good to go," Amy said. She and Jenna both stood to the side and stared. If I'd paused for a moment, I'd have realized how weird this was. Two of my sisters watching me prepare to tit fuck the third. But pausing wasn't anywhere near an option now.
Once again, I slid forward. Brianna closed her tit flesh around my dick and HOLY FUCK. Being surrounded by Brianna's boobs had already been amazing. Now they were so slippery. Oh God please let me last more than a stroke and a half.
I pulled back over Brianna's buttery breasts and pushed forward. I groaned.
"That feel good, Chase?" Brianna kept asking me that question. Ironically, she'd always been insecure about her best assets. I think having me fuck her chest was literally driving the point home for her.
"Amazing," I gasped. I was already barely able to form words.
"It looks really hot," Jenna said.
"Feels hot," Brianna said, "Not like, if he was fucking me. But still super sexy."
"This is what you were built to do, baby!" Amy said.
"Uh huh," Brianna said. She lovingly rested her hand on the back of my head. I drew back again. I'd pumped my sister's tits twice. I'd exceeded any possible goals I might have. Hooray!
"You should, like, suck it," Amy said, "When his dick's by your mouth. Give it a little kiss."
I slid my cock forward and, sure enough, Brianna wrapped her lips around the head. That was already too much. God, I wanted to stay in my little sister's giant, slippery tits forever. I could have done that all day. And to get in her mouth, too, I mean, that was like eating a sundae on top of a slice of cake. It was almost too much sweetness.
Actually, it was too much. Way more than too much. I drew out of my sister's lips. I pulled back. The skin of my cock drew over the head. And I knew that I was already gone. I slid forward, instinctually. I felt my balls practically leap upwards. Brianna had her mouth open, ready to receive my cock again as it fired forward. She got something else instead.
A massive blast of hot, white cum shot out my dick and right into Brianna's mouth.
"Oh FUCK!" I cried, the ecstasy overwhelming me. I fought to keep my eyes open. Another gout of semen shot out of me and hit Brianna on the cheek. I roiled in pleasure as I covered my baby sister in my cum. Practically glazed her face. I couldn't believe how much was coming out of me. How the rapture of my orgasm kept on going.
My older sister had been edging me all day. All the taunting and teasing. Stopping the blowjob right before its apex. She'd been building me up to this. Now I was covering my sister in more cum than I thought I could create. I endured one long, ongoing orgasm like I'd never experienced. Strong and thrashing and almost painful it drew out for so long.
"Yes, cum on her face," I heard Amy say, somewhere far away from orgasm-land. "Cover your little sister. Show the world she's your slut."
Finally, I fell back. My cock stopped spurting but stayed hard. Brianna rolled over and looked at me. Her face was dripping white. Her eyes, her mouth, her hair. Even her earlobe. She looked like she'd gone bobbing for semen. She smiled at me and laughed, throatily.
"Looks like my brother likes me quite a bit," she said. She kissed me on the lips, and I tasted the salty slipperiness of my own ejaculation. Still warm. Brianna stood up and started cleaning her face with her tongue.
"Oh man, Bree!" Jenna said, "You got all of it, point blank."
"Don't worry," Amy said. She pointed at my crotch where my dick was still standing quite straight. "He's got plenty left for his other sister. Although." Amy looked at Jenna, evaluating her. Somehow, I managed to stand up. We all looked at Amy, like waiting for her pronouncement.
"Well, Brianna's body was obviously built for tit fucking," Amy said, "But I don't know what you're for, Jenna."
My brown-haired younger sister looked downcast. It was a mean thing to say to a girl that already, clearly, had body issues.
"I mean, you've got no tits," Amy said, "I guess your mouth is OK? Well, there's nothing for it. I guess that means you're here for your brother to fuck your ass."
Jenna's eyes went wide. Mine did too. I think the apartment, itself, gasped. Before Jenna could argue, Amy pushed the girl down till she was on all fours.
"I don't want to hurt my sister," I said, oddly brave. I missed that my brunette twin was already pointing her tiny ass up in the air. After all that I still hadn't learned, apparently, but Amy was going to keep teaching till I understood.
"Oh, don't worry about hurting little Jen," Amy said, "This is what she's meant for, right?" She slapped Jenna's ass hard. My younger sister grunted but she didn't say anything. "Just in case though, Brianna rub your twin's clit for her. Get her going."
Brianna eyed us both but didn't say a word. She got down and reached under Jenna. She found her sister's clit and started stroking it slowly.
"Going to need more of this," Amy said. She grabbed the tube of lube and squirted some onto her hand. She painted Jenna's backside. I couldn't help but notice my sister grind her body back as Amy grazed the girl's brown star.
Then she took my cock and did the same thing with the gel. I was still hard as hell. I didn't know how, but I was ready to go and whatever little strength I'd lost was brought right back by Amy's ministrations. But I could tell I wasn't nearly as sensitive as I'd been before my bout with Brianna. It was a weird combination: ready to go immediately and poised to stay for a good long time.
"Keep rubbing," Amy commanded Brianna. She took my dick in her slippery hand and placed the head right at Jenna's backdoor.
"Ready Jen?" I asked. My sister said something that sounded likeyesbut could have easily also beenno. I looked back at Amy. She gave me the 'hurry up' sign. I pushed my cockhead against Jenna's rear opening.
I swear I intended on going slow. Maybe just the head at first. Maybe even less than that. I would take my time, let my little sister get used to it. Wouldn't move unless I was sure it was giving her pleasure. Or at least no pain.
I pressed the tip of my cock forward. I felt Jenna's tight asshole push back. I pressed a little harder and suddenly squuuuiiiip I was balls deep in my baby sister's ass. She let out a howl that couldn't be pleasure, but definitely wasn't pain.
"Oh ffffffuck!" she said.
I was so surprised at how easily it had all gone in, I almost fell forward. Grabbed at Jenna' thighs to hold me steady. I straightened up, my dick head-to-foot in the skinny brunette's butt. Jenna's body shifted back and forth slightly, and I realized that was Brianna, now jamming her twin's clit for all she was worth.
Jenna was gasping. Breaths coming in great gulps. Every exhalation she cursed and cried. "Oh God. Oh fuck. Oh God."
"Jenna are you OK?" I asked.
She responded with a low groan that -- as unexpected for her as it was for me -- shifted into a sister-induced clitoral orgasm. Jenna wailed like an animal, grunted and cried. But she held her butt tight around my cock.
I couldn't wait any longer. The urge to rut was far too much. I pulled my dick back and gently dragged it forward. I wanted to be gentle, of course. My little sister made my error clear.
"Dammit Chase. You've already jammed it in me. Now stop fucking around and fuck me!"
I didn't know if Jenna was actually enjoying this. From the sounds she made I was legitimately unsure. Maybe she hoped if I went quick, I'd get it over with. Regardless, I didn't have time to think it out. I had to honor my sister's request after all.
I drew back and began slamming Jenna's ass with abandon. My cock slipped in and out of her tight ring. The lube was more than doing its job. And her butt felt incredible. Jenna's reactions, her sobs and cries, urged me on even more.
I drew back and forward. Sawing into my sister. I'd been fucking her ass for minutes, my sister grunting lewdly with every thrust, but thanks to my earlier explosion I was nowhere close to cumming. I looked over at Brianna. She gave me a weak smile as she focused on getting her sister off, again and again.
"God you feel so good, Jen," I said.
"Uh huh," Jenna said.
"See? You really were made for this," Amy said.
"Uhhhhhn," Jenna said as another orgasm trampled through her. Brianna was doing a bang-up job. But now I noticed that Jenna was starting to meet my thrusts. She was squeezing and cinching her ass in time with me. And her little cums, getting every greater, seemed timed with my motions rather than Brianna's.
Jenna threw her head back and came, hard. Her ass clenched down and finally, finally, I felt my balls tingle. I was about to cum.
"Oh sis, I'm so close," I said.
"Oh God. Oh Good."
Brianna stopped rubbing her sister and stepped back. Jenna's enjoyment didn't even pause. She kept humping back against me.
"You have to Jenna," Amy said, "You've got to take it all."
Jenna whined, a deep animal sound from the back of her throat. Then she shook her head, brown ponytail bouncing back and forth. "Yeah," Jenna said, "OK. Give it to me Chase. Fill me up, big brother."
It was all the encouragement I needed. I drove forward one last time. The pleasure mixed with a strange kind of pain. And then I exploded inside my sister. I shouted her name as I came. I cried out into an empty universe and heard nothing but the echo of my own ecstasy.
There wasn't nearly as much cum as before, but still I felt rope after rope splatter inside my sister. Jenna's ass became even tighter, pulling the pleasure out of me like squeezing out an orange.
"Oh, my brother's cumming in my ass," Jenna cried out. She fell forward before I was finished. A couple burning, aching bursts spurted out of me and landed harmlessly on Amy's carpet. Jenna tumbled headfirst. She shook as the orgasm grabbed hold of her.
"Fffffffuuuuuck," Jenna hissed. She pulled her body into the fetal position and rolled. Her face went so red it looked ready to explode. She buried her head in her arms and finally went still. She began to sob. Big tears ran down her cheeks.
"Oh, Jenna. I'm so sorry," I said, meaning it. I quickly dropped to the ground and wrapped my arms around my sister. "You should have told me it was too much. I would have stopped."
"It's OK," Jenna said. She touched my cheek lightly. Smiled through her tears. "It was good. Just it was, like, a lot. A lot a lot."
"You need to clean off," Amy said, giving me a light kick. I extricated myself from my younger sister and got up. It was like walking on Jell-O, but I managed to get to Amy's bathroom. I turned on the shower and stepped in. I heard my sisters all talking, but then I was under the water. All I could hear was the hiss of heat as it washed over me.
*
I stepped out of the shower wrapped in a towel. My dick, so unstoppable before, was truly dead. Shriveled and hiding between my legs. My sisters were all sprawled on the floor, already asleep. I didn't think I'd taken that long of a shower. It looked like hours had passed.
The girls were all in their various states of undress. I almost laughed as I realized that Jenna still had her bra on. What we'd done was so raw and exposed, it was weird for her to be demure after.
I tiptoed around my sisters like they were landmines. Even Amy, who had her own bed, was sprawled on the living room floor. When I walked past her, she grabbed my ankle. She put her fingers to her lips and carefully stood. My gorgeous, blonde older sister dragged me back to her bedroom.
"I told you they wanted you," she said, chiding, when we were safe in her room.
"They're really conked out," I said, "I'd swear they were drunk by how they acted. How did you slip them the alcohol without them knowing it?
I sat down on the edge of the bed. Amy perched next to me. She was still in her black lacy underwear. I had nothing but the towel. Amy held my hand, affectionately. So much for my older sister not being that kind of girl.
"Your sisters weren't drunk, they were stoned out of their minds," Amy said, "Those were cannabis gummies they ate."
"Holy fuck," I said.
"When I've had an epic bad day, I eat like, maybe three. At most. Those girls had at least teneach. They were higher than Bob Marley on April 20th. Not that they needed that much of a push."
"They were kind of into it, weren't they?" I said.
"Kind of? Jeez they're like the incest queens, the two of them. I actually had to slow them down at one point," Amy said.
"I know," I said, "You were right. Like always. I'm lucky to have such an amazing older sister." I leaned over to kiss Amy, but she pushed me back.
"Save it big boy," she said, "You have tomorrow to get through."
"Tomorrow?"
"You haven't picked your favorite sister yet," Amy said, "Now rest up. I expect my best boy to be ready bright and early."
My blonde older sister lay back in bed. I tossed the towel aside and climbed under the covers naked. She didn't tell me no, so I scooched up next to her. I kissed the back of Amy's neck and she made a contented sigh, purring like a kitty. I wrapped my arm around my older sister, and we lay there in spoons till the sunrise.
*
I woke up, my erection pressed into my older sister's backside. You'd think I hadn't cum in years instead of hours by how hard I was against Amy's soft, warm body. My hardness was absolutely a result of sleeping next to my sexy sister, but it was further compounded by a terrible need to pee. My bladder ached like I'd drank gallons the day before and had neglected to empty it the entire time.
Amy didn't waste any time. As soon as she felt me stir, she grabbed me by the dick. Hard. I couldn't get any more erect, but Lord my body did try. The directness of her touch didn't affect my need to pee, however. If anything, it was another reminder that I was one false step from wetting her bed in a way that I knew she would not appreciate.
I groaned, somewhere between pleasure and pain. Amy squeezed tighter. She bent down and kissed the crown of my cock, then dragged me out from underneath the sheets as if my dick was a handle. My sexy blonde sister was still dressed in the lacy black bra and panties. Damn she looked so good. The face of an angel, the body of a devil, my older sister was a sexual fantasy made flesh.
I didn't have much time to evaluate her however, as my sister simply dragged me behind her, out of her bedroom and out into the open apartment. The living room was wrecked. There were pillows everywhere, discarded pizza boxes, and lost popcorn kernels. It still smelled of butter, grease, and sex.
The place looked like we'd hosted a wild orgy, which was fair because we had. At least it wasn't nearly as hot in the apartment. At some point during the night, Amy must have gotten up and turned down the thermostat because it was merely balmy. Warm enough for me to feel comfortable naked, despite the icy outside world I could see from Amy's window.
The twins were lying where we'd left them, mostly naked and sprawled on the ground. They'd cuddled up together as they slept, and it gave me all kinds of nasty ideas. Brianna's face still had white streaks from where I'd cum on her. Jenna's butthole was still gaping and a bit red.
"Lesbian, incest twins," Amy said, like she was pronouncing a sentence on them. Like it was the name of their new rock band.
I tried to pull out of my older sister's grasp and head to the bathroom, but she only tightened her fist around my dick. "Nuh uh uh," Amy shook her finger at me, playfully. "You're not escaping me yet."
I tried to explain that I was more than happy to stay in her grasp, in fact was questioning my own sanity in wanting to detach, but that I desperately needed to pee first. Amy didn't even let me get a word out. She pressed her lips to mine and kissed me, hard. She ran her tongue into my mouth, making loud smacking noises, clearly intending to get the sleeping twins' attention. The girls didn't stir.
Amy pushed me by the chest, back into the kitchen area. She never let go of my prick. Amy steered me around, like turning a motorboat with my cock as the throttle, so she was back up against the table. The wobbly, wooden thing was exactly the right height if she sat on it, but it certainly didn't seem stable enough. But that wasn't stopping my incredibly hot, blonde sister.
Amy boosted herself up with both hands. She grabbed my dick as tight as ever. It was like my penis was the source of all her oxygen, she could only let go for short bursts before grabbing hold once again. This would ordinarily be erotic as hell, but the strength of Amy's fist combined with my desperate need to piss made it more painful than anything else.
Amy giggled and rocked her little table back and forth. She spread her legs and pulled me forward. As I'd predicted, the perfect height. I wondered if that was a feature you could check off at Raymour & Flanigan.Do you have any fuck-level tables?
My beautiful blonde sister didn't bother to take off her panties. She just pulled the gusset aside and pulled me forward. "Oh, that's a good boy," she sighed as my cockhead made contact with her cunt. She was sopping wet, I could feel just from that.
With my dick resting right in Amy's open hole, I couldn't help myself. I reached up and grabbed her tits.
"Boys," she said and shook her head. But my older sister patiently reached back and undid her bra so I could heft her awesome breasts bare. They were large for her frame, perky as hell, and topped with cute little pink nubs. I leaned down and sucked at one of them. Amy groaned and rocked her pussy forward, reminding me I had far better places to be.
I took hold of my aching dick, ensuring it was still slotted, and slid forward. For how wet my sister was, I was amazed at how tightly her pussy squeezed around my cock. Yet, slowly, wonderfully, Amy's sex spread for my wanting cock. Amy groaned and growled as my penis pressed its way into her.
I drew back, drove forward, and finally filled my older sister all the way up. We both stood there. Amy sitting on her own kitchen table, arms wrapped casually around my neck. Thighs crossed tightly around my waist. My dick fully buried in her cunt. I rested one hand on the top of her backside. The other, I slipped around and cupped her right breast once again.
Amy's body was perfect. Especially when I got to be inside it. Even curled up like this her tummy looked flat as a plain. She smiled at me and I swear the sun in the room got even brighter. Amy squeezed down with her snatch and I started to see stars.
After everything that had happened the night before, I should have been good to go for hours without cumming. But being with Amy, her off-the-charts body -- the forbidden nature of bareback fucking my older sister -- it was enough to make me feel like a virgin all over again.
Worse, the need to pee amplified everything. The male body is designed in a way that even if I wanted to piss in my sister, I couldn't. The valve was simply switched off. But that didn't remove theurgeto piss. It didn't change the pulsating pressure building up in my penis to explode outward. It added a bit of pain to my pleasure. It sparked a sense of even greater urgency. When I did cum, I knew the relief would feel even more desperate.
Amy seemed unaware of this. Instead she groaned and giggled, extra loud.
"Oh, I love my little brother's massive cock," she said. We hadn't started moving yet, we were still both enjoying the feeling of being connected so intimately. Amy repeated the words, louder this time. Accenting the wordsbrotherandcockto make it clear.
Finally, the twins began to stir on the ground. Brianna was completely naked. She sat up and her eyes went large, though still tiny in comparison to her massive chest. She nudged Jenna and the skinny girl did the same, though I noticed she winced a bit as she rolled onto her bottom.
"Wow, they're really doing it," Brianna said.
"Amy's fucking Chase," Jenna said, "His big dick is buried in our big sister."
At first, I didn't understand why the twins were so surprised. Was this really so different than what we'd done together? But then I remembered, the twins had never seen me with Amy. We'd talked about it. I told them I'd done it. Hearing about it and seeing it were clearly two different things.
The three of us were so used to Amy being untouchable. Even after we'd started doing sexy stuff, it still must have been quite a shock to see Amy prostate before my penis. I mean, maybe if she'd had me bound to the bed and was whipping me with a riding crop, they could have imagined it.
But this, seeing our older sister lying back and letting me give it to her, face scrunched up in helpless pleasure? Amy could have ridden around the apartment on a unicorn and it would have been less surprising. The only reason I wasn't shocked was I had seen it twice before. And even I wasn't one hundred percent I wasn't dreaming.
"Our brother feels so good in my bare pussy," Amy told the twins, matter-of-factly. "Now fuck me Chase. Fill me up with all your awesome sperm."
The twins both stood up, entranced. As if unaware of their mostly unclothed states. They stood on either side of me. Stared down to where I was attached to our older sister. Jenna reached down for Amy's clit but our sister pushed her away.
"None of that," Amy said, "Just our brother's awesome cock. That's all I need to cum."
Both girls stared down at where my body met Amy's. Where my cock disappeared into her pussy. Like they were hypnotized by the pulsing pressure of my penetration.
Amy slapped my bottom, bringing me back to the moment. "Come on stud. Show your sisters what they're missing."
That was more than enough encouragement for me. I drew back and began to slam my sister into the table. The wood squeaked and groaned in time with my thrusts, like it could break at any second. Amy did the same.
I felt Amy's cunt cinch around me. She started making sounds. We'd had sex before. Amy, I knew, was vocal. This? It was something else. My big, blonde sister turned into a needy, wanting animal. Unable to express anything except the pleasure of my penis. Amy cried out. She whimpered and mewled. She begged for my cock. Demanded it. She was a diva of sex. A prima donna of getting plowed.
Maybe my sister was acting. If she was, she was laying it on pretty thick. Pretending to be having the best sex of her life in front of the twins seems like something she would do. But I don't think so. I think she was legitimately over the cliff with ecstasy.
Because it wasn't just the sounds she made. The noises that no person even realizes they can create. Amy's arms and legs quivered with my every movement. Her face went red. Her eyes turned shockingly bright. I felt her pussy squeeze down, her orgasms racing through her one after the other.
No, I think Amy got off on the idea that she was getting laid while our little sisters had to stand idly by and watch her. I think she came just from the thought that she got to have all the pleasure while they'd settled for something far less. The way that she told them: our brother'sin my pussy(which they had been prevented from the day before). Hisbarecock's going tofill me with his seed(which they clearly could not risk). It was like Amy was at Disney World while the twins were stuck back home taking algebra tests. They had to enjoy this vicariously while she got the good stuff. I think that sent Amy into paroxysms of pleasure that no penis, no matter how large or skilled, could put her through.
Amy started rambling. A font of words in a voice made raspy from all the shouting she'd already done. "God, Chase that massive dick feels so good in me. I really did it you know, what I said yesterday. Oh Fuck. I called Luke and dumped him. Because my brother -- my baby brother who used to make me tie his shoes for him -- fucks me so much better than my boyfriend ever could. You hear that Chase? I broke up with the love of my life, practically my fiance, for you. Because you... fuck... me... so... good. Do I fuck you good little bro? Am I the best sex you've ever had?"
"Y... yes," I said. I couldn't stop myself. I was standing right in front of my twin sisters. Who I'd both had sex with. And I was telling them that Amy was better. I didn't want to hurt their feelings. But I couldn't escape the truth with Amy's incredible, pink lie detector squeezing down on my cock. My younger sisters, for their part, said nothing.
"Do you want me to call him right now?" Amy asked. "I will. I'll call my ex-boyfriend in the middle of screwing my sibling and tell him I'm having the best sex of my life. That my little brother is making me, ohGod, cuuuum. I'm cumming on your cock. Oh fuck YES!"
I couldn't help myself. I had to tease Amy back. "Whose cock makes you cum better than any others?" I asked.
"Yours," Amy gasped, "My brother's."
"You're such a little slut letting your own brother fuck you. Aren't you?"
"Yes," she said.
"Who's therealincest queen?"
"I am," Amy said. "I'll do anything. For my brother's cock. His cum. Are you close, Chase? Are you going to inseminate your older sister? Give her your big load? Oh, put it all in my pussy. Do it Chase. Cum in me. Cum in meeeeee."
I was close. All that build up, I'm surprised I'd lasted as long as I did. To be honest, I'd been holding back a bit. Trying to make sure my sister got off before I did. Now that she was begging me to cum inside her, I stopped being careful and started fucking Amy for all I was worth.
"Wait," Amy said, "Not yet. Jenna. Brianna. Come look. Come see."
Amy gestured for the twins to come closer. To stare down at my penis pistoning in and out of my older sister's pussy. "See that, girls. That's how youfuck. Your brother's giant cock is inme.It's mine. Look at how hot that is. My little pink cunt can barely take all that massive meat. Doesn't that look good. Don't we both look so sexy?"
"It's so hot," Brianna said.
"Don't we look perfect together?" Amy said.
"Yes," Jenna said.
"And that's why I'm the favorite sister," Amy said. A wicked leer creeped across her face. "That's why I get it alllll and you get none. Chase can fuck your tits all day, Bree. And he can plumb your ass, Jen. But I get him in the cunt because I'm the best sister. And all you two can do is watch while he... fuck... Fucks me! Oh Chase, fu... fuck me so good, baby! Fill me up!"
I wanted to hold back in that moment, but I was too far gone. My sister was urging me onward. I could practically feel the whip at my flank. I buried my cock as deep as it would go in my older sister. My cum EXPLODED outwards.
The ejaculation, mixed with the almost unbearable tension of everything up to that point, I let loose in a way I'd never experienced. It really did feel like pissing, though some part of me knew it was not. Long hot streams of sperm roped out into Amy's pussy. Every burst a massive relief that ran through my body. It ached, too. Hurt. A pain that only made the pleasure more stark. More raw.
"Oh, I'm cumming. Cumming in my sister. Oh God I can't stop cumming in you, Ames," I streamed out words the way my dick shot sperm. Over and over, thick and hot, and barely in control.
"Yes! Oh I feel it in me. So hot! Making me... Oh making me cum. My little brother's making me CUM so GOOD!" Amy shuddered like I was shaking her. Her arms spasmed and her legs squeezed me close. Holding every ejaculation inside herself. I saw her chest flush red. Her perfect breasts flopped and shivered. Nipples so dark pink and hard they looked almost ready to bleed. Her green eyes flashed and rolled back to the whites.
Finally, Amy fell back, hitting the table with a bang. I expected the furniture to drop down with her, but somehow the legs held. Mine did not. I fell back out of my sister and on to the floor. The last of my cum dribbled out down my thigh.
I looked up through a haze of ecstasy and saw my twin sisters staring down at me. Watching my orgasm with a strange mix of excitement and remorse. Slowly, the orgasm drained out of me. Leaving me exhausted and with a desperate urge to pee, once again. I forced myself off the floor and ran to the bathroom.
I stood over the toilet. The pressure was unbearable, but for a moment, the piss wouldn't come out. Finally, it shot forward, burning. My whole body relaxed. It wasn't nearly as good as my orgasm, but there was something about it that extended the ecstasy a bit. Like a post sex cigarette, drifting slowly down the river of contentment.
I came back out of the bathroom. Amy was sitting up on the table, resting her arms on her hips. Her blonde hair hung over her bare breasts. A glob of white leaked out of her snatch and ran down her thigh. She was bright red and panting. She gave me a weary smile.
Jenna and Brianna were standing next to Amy. Brianna naked. Her twin wearing only a bra. Their faces troubled.
"Don't worry," I said, "That was just sex talk. Me and Amy. Of course, I love you all so much. Just give me a sec to recover. I can be there for you both, I promise."
"No, you won't," Amy said. Her voice was surprisingly strong. She sat up tall. How could anyone be imposing buck naked on a kitchen table with their brother's sperm leaking out of them? Amy found a way. "I meant what I said. I'm not risking you girls getting pregnant again."
"We'll go on the pill," Brianna said.
"Chase can pull out," Jenna said.
"No," Amy said, "You can do what you want, but I'm the only one that gets to have our brother that way. Admit it. You can't stop. Even now, God, you're thinking about destroying your lives just to have him. I won't let you. It's for your own good."
"But Amy," Jenna whined, "I mean, anal was good but I don't think I want it there. Not like, all the time anyway."
"At least you got to cum," Brianna said, "I didn't even get that. Just a giant load of semen all over my face."
"Get used to it girls," Amy said. She hopped off the table. "Those are the rules. You don't have to do it my way. You don't have to do your brother at all. You told Chase you didn't want to have sex with him. Well here you go."
Amy strutted past them. She grabbed my hand (my dick was too flaccid to be usable at that point) and pulled me into the bathroom with her. The last thing I saw was both my twin sisters' faces. They both looked about to cry.
*
As soon as the bathroom door clicked closed, Amy started to cackle. She hugged me close and kissed me on the lips.
"That was awesome, little brother. You really are the best," Amy said. She reached back and turned on the shower. "I need to clean up. You should too."
"But, Bree," I said, "Jenna. I don't know. Shouldn't I be there for them or something?"
"Please," Amy said, "Those little cunts need to stop playing games and get serious. Trust me, this is one more step on the road to something great."
Amy pulled open the shower door and stepped under the water. She glared at me until I joined her. She took out the soap and handed it to me. I looked at her perfect, tan body. Of course, I started to scrub every inch of it. Amy felt so soft and slippery. Her butt and breasts got the cleanest they've ever been in her entire life.
Amy grabbed the soap and rubbed me down, too.
"They need to understand that this is how it works, Chase," Amy said. "I'm... Excuse me.We'rein charge."
"I just feel like, I mean, I know we're playing around and all. But I think this is hurting their feelings." It was hard to talk while Amy thoroughly cleaned my penis and balls. Again and again.
"Hurting their feelings?" Amy said, "Trust me, those brats need to learn their place before they can live with us."
I looked up at Amy. My older sister was slightly taller than me and it gave her this little imposing edge. Even when I wanted to give her my most dubious, doubting look, it felt childish and simple.
"I didn't dump Luke so I could rub my clitty all the time," Amy said, "And you're really going to turn down having all this whenever you want?" Amy gestured knowingly at her fantastic body. She didn't need to hear my response to know my answer.
"You can take the train to school from here," Amy said, "Best dorm room ever, don't you think? And good luck getting a better roommate."
I smiled. I had to admit that did sound nice. Living with Amy in her incredible apartment, she was going to see a serious uptake in the number of noise complaints she got from her neighbors. But I was a bit confused about the other part. "Ok, sure. But the twins are going to UCLA next fall," I said, "They're not going to live here."
"Chase, honey, I don't know if you have any idea how morning after pills work? But three days is already too late. They waited a whole week. Our baby sisters are going to have babies of their own. Twins, if we're lucky. The only class they'll be attending is Lamaze."
"Oh," I said. I felt my stomach twist a little. I'd loved having sex with Brianna and Jenna. And the pregnancy thing had been a total turn on at the time. But the reality of it? The twins had such bright futures. Had I actually ended them both?"
"Oh, come off it, Chase," Amy said, "I couldn't stop those two from fucking you if I wanted. If anything, this ensures they don't get in any worse trouble without us. It's better if they go to school here. With you. With us. We'll have so much fun together. The twins just need to admit they want it, too. And they will. Now that they think they can't have you? They'll want it even more. You think I closed the door? Please, I blew the whole building wide open. All those games they play. Pretending not to want it? Trust me, this will end that quick. And then they'll be ours. Yours and mine. Forever."
My older sister kissed me lovingly on the lips. She switched off the shower and stepped out. A moment later, I heard he bathroom door close behind her.
I stood there, water dripping off me, for a long time. Stared at the tile, my reflection all distorted. I'd seen plenty of movies where the villain lays out their master plan for the hero. It always seemed so stupid. Yet Amy had done it, right in front of me, like it was nothing at all. The reality wasn't funny at all. It was frightening.
I stepped out of the shower and dried myself off. Not really thinking about anything, totally overwhelmed by everything.
When I got out of the bathroom, I saw the twins were already dressed. I walked through to Amy's bedroom, all four eyes leveled at me in silence.
Amy was pulling on her coat, already wearing a blouse and skirt like she was heading off to work. "Your train's in about an hour," she said, "We need to get going if you're going to get home."
I wanted to argue. To keep debating the issue. I said nothing. Just got dressed, packed my own suitcase, and came back out again. The twins didn't say anything to me as I reentered the room. Our bags were all packed. The apartment remarkably clean.
We grabbed our things to go.
"Hang on," Jenna said, just as we were about to leave Amy's apartment. She ran back to the bathroom.
"Dammit, Jenna, we're already running late," Amy said.
Jenna didn't even turn her head. She sprinted into the bathroom and closed the door. A minute later, it popped open and she ran back.
"Sorry, had to pee one last time before we left," she said.
"You didn't even flush," Amy said with a look of disgust.
"Or wash your hands," I said.
Jenna shrugged at us both. "We're in a rush, like you said."
Amy groaned, but she stepped out of her apartment and we followed.
We walked to the subway and took it back to the main train station. Amy waited with us and we all shared a tense breakfast. I had a buttered bagel. The twins both ate bananas. I tried not to perv, but I couldn't help myself. The girls looked even better freshly fucked than they had beforehand. God damn I was already in so much trouble.
When the train arrived, we dragged our bags behind us and headed off. The walk to the train felt less like Harry Potter and more like going to actual boarding school. The twins started striding down the gangway immediately. But before I could follow them, Amy quickly pulled me aside.
"Remember what you learned this weekend, Chase," Amy said.
"Only the butt and boobs?" I asked.
Amy rolled her eyes and cuffed me on the shoulder. I tried to smile, but I couldn't form it. I felt like such a dick. A particularly pertinent description.
"Stop moping," Amy said, "I know what's best for all of us. When we were stripping together last weekend? When I brought home all the alcohol and we did it the second time? The gummies and the heat at my apartment? I've been right every time. You know it. I want you so bad, Chase. I know you want me, too. Think of it. All your sexy sisters to yourself. Me especially. You own my body. You'll own all your sisters soon enough."
I looked around to see if anyone was listening. The station was busy, and Amy wasn't being quiet one bit.
"Trust me this one last time," Amy said, "It's all going to work out great, I promise."
"But the twins."
"They want this, too," Amy said. "They won't admit it, but they do."
I did a better job of smiling this time. I got on the train and found my younger sisters sitting on a long bench by the back. They'd saved me a seat across from them. When the train took off, they started to smile. Brianna crossed over and rested her head on my shoulder. Jenna did the same on the other side.
We travelled home together, never saying a word.
*
My Dad met us at the station and drove us home.
"Did you have a good time?" he asked.
"Yes," we chorused, the exhaustion of everything seeping through.
"Good," Dad said, "Hopefully you can go back soon." We eyed each other cautiously.
It was late when we got home. The train seemed to take so much longer the way back, I don't know why. We had dinner with my parents and watched some TV. I went upstairs to my room and unpacked. It didn't take long.
I heard my Mom and Dad go to bed and I slipped out of my bedroom. I expected the twins to be in their own rooms, but I heard whispering coming from the TV room. I snuck down the stairs. Jenna and Brianna were sitting on the couch. They were both wearing their standard bed uniforms of a tank top and panties. God, they looked so good.
"Hi Chase," they both said and smiled, wanly.
"Look, about this weekend," I said. I sat down on the couch between them. Brianna tousled my hair and Jenna stroked my arm. Even normal-level touching felt like a total come on with the twins these days.
"It was fun," Brianna said.
"Definitely," Jenna said, "We can't wait to go back."
"Really?" I said.
"Of course, silly," Brianna said.
"We know you two were just doing sexy talk," Jenna said, "Saying stuff you didn't mean because it was a turn on at the time."
"OK, good," I said, "Cause it was. I love having..." I glanced around. My parents were right up the hallway. I turned my voice down to whisper. "I like being with you both."
"Us too," Brianna said. Jenna raised an eyebrow at her sister but said nothing.
"And the pill thing," I said.
"We took them," Jenna said, "I'm sure if you did anything inside us, it's all gone."
"Definitely," Brianna said.
I eyed them both. I tried to break into my confession, but I couldn't. They both looked so innocent and happy sitting there on the couch. Maybe they were right. Maybe it was all better. I mean, who knew their bodies better than them?
It was all such a jumble. I didn't see how I could make it straight again. Certainly not with words. Though my actions weren't much better.
"We're not mad at you, Chase," Brianna said.
"Believe us," Jenna said.
"Here, we'll show you," Brianna said. Both twins slid down to the ground. They got on their knees. Eager eyes looking up at mine on the couch.
"Girls, you don't have to do this," I said. My pants were already pulled down below my knees.
"We know," Jenna said.
"We want to," Brianna said. The buxom blonde girl reached up and grabbed my dick at the base. She dragged me forward (I was starting to get annoyed by how often this was done to me) and pulled me into Jenna's open mouth. The skinny brunette looked up at me, supplicant, while she swallowed my cock.
The twins were a perfect working pair. Jenna sucking up and down while her sister worked me forward and back with her fist. Then they switched, Brianna sucking me in while her tiny twin jacked me off.
I'd had so much sex the last few days, my cum was nowhere close. But my sisters felt so good; looked so sexy. Their innocent faces contorted around my cock. They switched again and I groaned as Jenna wrapped her tongue around my shaft.
"Shhh," Brianna said, the only one with her mouth free. "Mom and Dad are, like, right there." Jenna groaned almost as loudly as I did. Brianna looked over at her twin and gave her a light slap on the shoulder. "What did I just say?"
I noticed that Jenna had her hand between her legs, dipped under the waistband of her little panties. Brianna noticed, too and started doing the same.
"You want me to? I know what Amy said. But you're both so hot and I..."
"No, it's OK," Jenna said, pulling off my penis with a pop, "She's right. Until we get on the pill you shouldn't be in our pussies."
"Amy acts like she's mean, but she has our best interests at heart," Brianna said, "We know that."
"Besides, don't you like having your sexy sisters suck you off?" Jenna asked.
I nodded. It was Brianna's turn to lick, and she went after it with gusto. Jenna looked up at me, both hands now buried in her snatch.
"Getting close," I said. I was. My blonde baby sister had me right on the edge. For a girl who'd only seen her first dick a few days ago, she was already on her way to being a blowjob master.
"Mmmhmmm," she hummed, only increasing her efforts.
"Cum, Chase," Jenna said. "I'm really close, too. Let's cum together. Shoot your sperm down your slutty sister's throat."
Brianna choked a little at her twin's words, but she didn't stop sucking. Jenna gasped and I saw her whole body flush as pink as her cheeks. Her tiny breasts even jiggled a bit and she tipped over onto her side. Shaking.
I felt the cum rise up my shaft. The pleasure overtook me. My whole body stiffened. Brianna slipped me out of her mouth. Gave me two quick jerks and I exploded, my cock aimed right at Jenna.
"Oh ffffFUCK!" I couldn't help it. I cried out. A font of white splashed on Jenna's shirt. Brianna aimed me higher. I exploded onto Jenna's elfin face. Not nearly as much as I'd put on the blonde girl, herself, the day before. But enough to get Jenna good and coated. A long stream went from her eye down to her chin.
Jenna was too overcome with orgasm to care. Her eyes squeezed shut as I bathed her. I was barely able to pay attention myself. My knees went week and I dropped to the ground next to my sisters.
"Again, I'm the only one who didn't get off," Brianna said, pouting. I looked over at Jenna and we shared a smile. We both tackled Brianna to the ground. Jenna ripped her twin's bottoms off, and I spread her thick thighs.
Jenna ran her fingers through the cum on her face, collecting it. Then she began tracing her greasy fingers over Brianna's massive boobs. The blonde girl groaned. Seeing the top was taken care of, I put two of my own fingers inside Brianna's snatch. They slipped in easily.
I pumped her pussy with my fingers and used my thumb on her clit. Jenna pinched and squeezed Brianna's nipples. It took only a moment to push her over the top. Brianna's back arched. Her hand flew down and held us both in place. She shivered, then dropped back, done.
We lay on the living room floor, entangled with each other. I hugged Brianna and Jenna close.
"I'm sorry," I said, "I'm really truly so sorry. For everything I said. Everything I did."
"Oh, Chase," Jenna said.
"Please don't be this way," Brianna said. They were slipping into twin-speak again. I did my best to keep track.
"We're sorry, too," Jenna said, "We say one thing."
"Do another," Brianna said.
"It has to be hard for you," Jenna said.
"Well, we also make you less hard," Brianna said, lifting my flaccid penis like presenting an example. She giggled.
"No, but... All of it. I just never wanted to hurt you," I said.
"Chase stop," Brianna said.
"Seriously," Jenna said, "We had fun. The break's over, but we'll see each other in the spring and figure things out from there."
"We took the pills," Brianna said.
"There's no harm done," Jenna said.
I tried to keep going, to explain that the pills wouldn't work. That the twins weren't going anywhere. That Amy had plotted their doom and I'd unwittingly contributed to it.
The twins didn't let me say it. Instead, my sisters practically pushed me off to bed. Hugs and kisses carefully placed to keep me quiet.
I climbed into bed, still naked. My cock sticky with my sisters' saliva. I told myself everything was OK. My sisters had said everything was OK. Eventually, I got tired of thinking it, and drifted off.
*
While I lay back in bed, unawares, Jenna and Brianna marched back to the living room.
Both picked up their clothes and got dressed again. They sat back down on the couch. The room was lit only slightly by the ambient brightness of the nearby electronics. A similar smile playing on their lips, barely visible to each other in the near-darkness.
"He really is a sweet boy," Jenna said, "Our big brother."
"He tries so hard," Brianna said.
"Maybe too hard," Jenna said.
"Yes, but he's not the problem," Brianna said.
"Agreed," Jenna said.
"Amy," the girls chorused. They both sat back with a sigh.
"So, we're agreed?" Jenna said. Brianna nodded. Both twins looked each other in the eye. So very similar. So very much the same.
"Revenge."
To be continued...