For a few weeks, Madison's experience seemed to satisfy her desires. She had masturbated on webcam for seven guys, and they had all cum watching her. It was amazing. As she had requested, they sent her the video they had made, and Madison watched it relentlessly, cumming hard.
She also liked to look at her new pictures, the nude ones, and even some of the old ones of her strutting around half-naked. She thought about her hookup with Hannah, and always, she was clamping her nipples and shoving her plug in her ass, the sensations driving her wild.
Then something started to happen. Madison noticed that, as the weeks went by, she was having a harder and harder time getting herself off to those things. At first she came violently, but after a couple weeks her orgasms lessened in severity, and after a couple more weeks, she was having to work a little too hard to make it happen.
September turned to October, and in late October, Madison realized one evening that she was fantasizing rather than focusing on her past exposure. After a lengthy session, she realized that she had wanted to be exposed in a public place, and to have pictures taken and post them, showing all her viewers what a whore she was. But how to make that happen?
One morning, Madison woke up extremely horny, almost as if she had been dreaming all night about the exposure she craved. She knew she had to satisfy those urges, but how? Madison thought about it for a while before texting Hannah. The girls hadn't seen each other since the time in Hannah's car, but Madison preferred a female companion for what she had planned, and out of all the girls she had ever met, Hannah seemed most likely to go along with her plans. Besides, the girls had spoken and texted, Madison sending Hannah sexy pictures but stopping short of telling her about the guys or the website. That was all about to change.
"Want to meet up at the mall for some fun?" Madison said.
"Sure," said Hannah. "What are you wearing?"
Madison thought for a moment. She hadn't thought of it yet, but the thing that had attracted Hannah to her in the first place was her slutty outfit.
"I'm not sure. Something sexy," she wrote back.
"I have an idea. We show up looking sexy, and then I buy you an outfit to wear, whatever I want. And you do the same for me."
"Wow, hot!"
The girls agreed on a time and place to meet. Madison showed up wearing her strappy black crop top and a short denim jacket with a short denim skirt and panties. Hannah wore jeans and a low-cut crop top.
The girls smiled when they saw each other. They moved closer, embracing, until Hannah backed just far enough away to plant her lips directly on Madison's lips, setting off fireworks inside both the girls. They were the center of attention. Their passionate lesbian kiss at the middle of the mall was attracting a few onlookers, and it was driving Madison and Hannah wild. Finally the girls' lips parted.
"You look so sexy today!" Said Hannah.
"You too!"
"Bare belly - is that your trademark?"
"Well, I like to show a little bit."
"Kiss me, sexy!"
The girls locked lips again, tongues pressed together, swirling inside each others' mouths, biting each other's lips with lust and passion. They were full-on making out right in the middle of the mall. Breaking the kiss after several long moments, the girls could see that their lesbian kiss had attracted a crowd of onlookers. None stood close enough to be creepy, but there were several guys watching them at a distance - two girls, hot girls, dressed like total sluts and making out hard in the middle of the mall.
"Ok, I think we have some fans," said Hannah. "And I know people here, I don't want to do anything too crazy. At least not where they can see."
"Ok," said Madison. "Want to go shopping?"
"Sure!"
The girls walked off after agreeing on a store. They were silent. Hannah struggled with whether she wanted to visit the store she worked at - she did get a discount, after all - but she was dressed more provocatively than usual and wasn't sure she wanted her coworkers to see her like that. Madison, on the other hand, had really come with one goal in mind, and she really wasn't sure how to tell Hannah what her plans were. She just wasn't sure how Hannah would react.
Of course, she wanted to taste Hannah's pussy again, too, and the sight of her in her sexy outfit made Madison only want it more. As she became more aroused, she just had to find a way to tell Hannah what she really wanted so that she could feel the way she really wanted to feel - like a whore, a desperate slut for exposure, public and all. Just how was she going to accomplish that?
The girls reached the store and began looking around. They looked at skirts, shorts, jeans and tops, holding hands and kissing for a few seconds here and there, Hannah feeling more comfortable inside a store than in the middle of the mall. Finally, with a smirk on her face, Hannah turned to Madison and asked a question.
"So, just how much of that sexy body do you want to show off today?" Madison was stunned by the question, but she was glad it was asked. It was almost the perfect lead into where she was hoping a conversation with Hannah would go.
"What did you have in mind? Asked Madison. She continued before Hannah had a chance to respond. "I mean, what did you want me to do, a little flashing or something? I mean I don't think I would walk around completely naked or anything, but you know, I like showing off a lot." Madison felt a distinct wetness forming between her legs as she spoke, and she knew that her arousal had been strengthened by the thought of walking from one end of the mall to the other wearing absolutely nothing, all eyes on her, people taking pictures and pointing and staring with mouths gaping. It was risky, would probably get her arrested, and was completely insane and impractical, but damn, it was making her horny.
"Well, uh," Hannah responded, instantly turned on by Madison's question. She was a little surprised too, since it was not at all what she had intended, although she could understand why Madison might think she meant something like that. Would she really be willing to do that? It was crazy, Hannah thought, but so hot! However, she decided not to press the issue for now, deciding that if Madison really wanted it, the kind of girl she was, she would be doing it one way or another.
"I really just meant, would you be willing to wear nothing but a bikini top under your jacket?"
"Oh," said Madison, a little disappointed. "Sure," she said, and Hannah handed her a top to buy. It was a string bikini, a little on the small side, just fabric triangles to cover the nipples and stretchy strings.
"Ok, wear this, and that jacket, and that skirt. Everything is great but you need a little more skin showing."
"Ok, Hannah, and for you, I like this." Madison held up the outfit she had selected. It was a denim skirt, about as short as the one Madison was wearing, but white. Alongside the skirt, she held up a red halter top, extremely low cut, tightening just under the breasts and cropped short. In the back it was nothing but a thin string around the back and another around the neck. It was so low cut that, when worn, it was readily apparent that the wearer had no bra on, being cut a couple inches below the bottom of the breasts, which was only an inch above the bottom of the fabric.
"Damn, I guess we're both going full on slut," said Hannah, smiling at the thought of wearing something so revealing, but wishing that only Madison would be able to see her.
The girls quickly paid for their purchases and went to the mall bathroom to change, emerging a few minutes later in their new, sexy attire.
"Wow, look at you!" Hannah said, pausing for a few seconds to kiss Madison before they even left the bathroom. The girls collided, stomachs pressed together as they wrapped their arms around one another, feeling the exposed skin at each others' midriffs with their free hands as they did. The skin on skin contact only made the girls want each other more, and after a few more seconds, Hannah was leading Madison into an unoccupied stall and locking the door.
They continued to kiss, and as they did Hannah's hand found its way inside Madison's jacket and underneath her bikini top, pinching and caressing her nipple as Madison lifted up Hannah's skirt, teasing her dripping pussy. Hannah, who had been the pursued at their first meeting, now became the pursuer.
"Ohhhh God yes," she whispered. " I fucking want your body." The kissing became more passionate, the girls violently twisting their heads to contact as much of the other girl's mouth as possible. Hands were flying, caressing midriffs and reaching under tops to fondle breasts as the girls exhibited wild passions.
"Oh my god! There are two girls in that stall!" A voice rang out. Then laughter and then another voice as at least two girls left the bathroom.
"Get a room!"
Madison, convinced they were now alone, wasted no time making her next move. The kiss broke and Madison looked into Hannah's eyes passionately.
"Ready to lose your panties, Hannah?"
"Yes, yes - you ready to eat my pussy, slut?"
Madison was all too eager. She lifted her hands up Hannah's skirt, quickly removing Hannah's panties and stuffing them in her own purse as Hannah placed one foot on the floor and hiked up the other, placing it on the toilet, spreading her legs as Madison knelt on the floor and eagerly dove in.
Hannah moaned as Madison flicked her tongue against her clit, and Madison moaned, approving of the way Hannah had spread her legs for her and the aroma and taste that now filler her mouth. Hannah began to grind her pussy on Madison's tongue, using her mouth as a sex toy. Madison was all too pleased to be used this way.
"Make me," Madison whispered. "Grab my head and force me, you remember how I like it, don't you?"
"Yeah, you like it rough. You like to be used, you little slut. Am I right?"
Madison only moaned in the affirmative as she continued to do everything in her power to please Hannah. As horny as they were, both girls knew they had a limited amount of time before they got caught, and wanted to make sure Hannah experienced the ultimate pleasure. And Hannah, for her part, was willing to risk it a little more, remaining in there long enough to return the favor.
Hannah grabbed the back of Madison's head and forced her tongue deep into her pussy. She was riding Madison's face like a stationary toy, only Madison was looking up directly into Hannah's eyes, her eyes begging to be used as just an object to assist Hannah in achieving orgasm. That's exactly what Hannah did, just used Madison's face as a toy, riding it, forcing it onto her pussy and then grinding against it in short, quick movements, a reading Madison's face against her own swollen pussy.
It didn't take long for Hannah to reach orgasm. She exploded, her body collapsing against the stall wall, barely able to remain upright and keep her knees from buckling as she shook. Madison felt Hannah's juices wash over her face, coating her with the scent of Hannah's pussy to any extent that she wasn't already covered. She loved it, Hannah had used her so well, maybe even better than a single one of those seven guys had used her. Not that it was a fair comparison; Hannah had used her in person.
Slowly, Hannah pulled Madison up from the floor. What kind of girl was this? Hannah thought. Kneeling on the floor before her, in a dirty mall bathroom, half dressed and wanting her to ride her face and force her? What a little submissive slut! She was hot too!
Hannah slowly licked Madison's lips, kissing her, tasting her own juiced, extending her tongue into Madison's mouth to taste more. She washed Madison's mouth with her tongue, inserting her own tongue and probing Madison's mouth for any hint of a remnant of their time together, and every time Hannah hit on a hidden pocket of pussy juice, she stirred it up with her tongue, giving both girls the pleasure of tasting it again.
"Now it's your turn," Hannah said to Madison. She half knelt as she bent down to begin a journey to Madison's pussy, kissing her exposed midriff and flicking her tongue over Madison's sexy, pierced navel, cleaning it out with her tongue as she looked into Madison's eyes. Madison was getting so much pleasure just from the sensation of Hannah's tongue on her dangling piercing and inside her belly button.
"Hannah," Said Madison. Yes, she was extremely horny, and yes, there was definitely a part of her that wanted Hannah to continue her journey. But if they started getting too involved here, Madison's plan would never materialize. It had to be now.
"Yes?"
"Maybe we should go for a walk or something. Like get lunch and go out in the middle of nowhere and eat it together."
"Not a bad idea," said Hannah. "You mean like a park or a hike or something right? And by lunch I think you meant your pussy, right?"
"Yes, and yes, but I do want to take some fries or something too, I'm a little hungry."
"Ok, I see where this is going." Hannah rise to her feet and walked with Madison out of the restroom.
"Those are the two! They were in the same stall!" Hannah heard a voice say as she walked out.
"Yeah, having sex in there or something!" Said another. They didn't turn to look. Hannah was a little red in the face, embarrassed. Madison smiled, hoping someone got a good peek at her pleasuring Hannah, hoping someone had heard Hannah moaning.
She watched as eyes turned to her body, staring at the gap between the left and right sides of her jacket, amazed that a girl would wear only a jacket and a bikini top in the mall. Hannah was receiving her fair share of looks, too, guys looking at her exposed stomach and cleavage and her back - her whole back was only covered by two little strings.
"Hannah, can I tell you something - and maybe ask you something too?" Madison finally said, just not able to handle the suspense any more. "I wanted to see you today - I was hoping you could help me with something."
"You mean something other than an orgasm, and a cute girl to eat your pussy?"
"Yes. I really - I was wondering if you could take some sexy pictures. I mean I - I - I actually, I like taking them. I post them on the Internet."
"Sure, what kind of pictures?" There was a pause. Hannah knew the pause, and Madison's reluctance to answer, could only mean one thing. "Are they nude pictures? Are you naked on the Internet? Madison's face turned bright red and she began to tremble from the anxiety that was brought to her by what she was about to say.
"Well, um, I didn't pose nude at first," she said.
"At first? So you have? Been nude, I mean?"
"Yeah. At first it was just sexy clothes, bikinis, you know. And I really liked it, knowing lots of people were looking at me. And then one day I got really horny and I was chatting with some guys and I put up some nude ones."
"Wow, you little slut! Don't take that the wrong way. It's just really hot. So have you been doing it for a long time?"
"No, not really. Just a couple months or so."
"Like...are you doing it for money or something?"
"No, nothing like that. I just post some pictures every once in a while. I feel like a total slut for doing it, but it just drives me crazy. I have the best orgasms after I post a set of pictures."
"Wow. What about it turns you on so much?"
"I fantasize about all the guys looking at me and calling me a slut and even jacking off to them. And the pictures showing me doing naughty things, you know, wearing slutty clothes in public and masturbating - it turns me on so much to show everyone what a filthy girl I am."
"How filthy are you? Is there any way you could show me?"
Madison pulled out her phone and loaded up the porn site with her pictures on it, went to her profile and handed her phone to Hannah. She could see clearly the progression from mild to a little more extreme, from non-nude to nude, and the picture of Madison with a toy in her ass. She could see how much Madison enjoyed showing off like that. There were pictures of her in a skimpy top and shorts in the mall, nude on her bed, and others in between and before.
"Wow. So hot! I didn't know you liked it up the ass either!"
"Well, sometimes I do. Usually when I get really horny I want it a lot."
"So, this makes me wonder, what exactly did you need my help for? Seems like you've done a pretty good job of showing off your body already."
"Thanks, but I - I've been fantasizing lately - and I'm sorry if this sounds completely insane - but I've been fantasizing about taking some pictures out in public places and that sort of thing."
"Like nude pictures?"
"Well it depends. I mean, I'm not, not today, going to walk through the mall completely naked. But I've been fantasizing about, you know - flashing my tits or lifting up my skirt or something in the mall. Or maybe like going to a park and completely taking off my top. But the thing is, I can't really do that and take pictures of myself. It'd be too hard, either taking selfies holding the camera, or waiting for the timer on the camera - I'd be flashing for a really long time to do that. Long enough that I'd get caught for sure. So what I was wondering, really, is if you would take my phone and just take pictures of me as I did stuff like that."
"Madison, wow. Are you sure that's really what you want?"
"Yeah. I've been thinking about it for days, maybe even weeks. I need it."
"Wow, ok. I mean that is really risky, someone could see you. Like here, or at the park, your tits -"
"I know. Like I said, I really want this. I promise."
"So was that why you wanted to go on a picnic to the park or something?"
"Yeah. Maybe after we take some pictures here or something, if you are up for that. And I would make sure you have fun too, if you know what I mean," Madison said, sticking her tongue between her teeth to indicate another good, long use of her mouth would be in store for Hannah.
"Well, I can't say no to that!" Madison handed Hannah her phone.
"Just keep it until we're done. You never know when I'm going to do something that needs to be caught on camera." Hannah immediately took a picture of Madison in her denim jacket and bikini top, and Madison pulled her jacket open, giving Hannah a view of her entire front side, covered by only the small bikini top, and smiled as Hannah snapped another picture.
"So what kind of pictures did you want me to take, exactly?"
"Here, come with me," Madison said. She led Hannah through the mall until they came to a part of the center walkway that coincidentally had few people. She waited until there was nobody in front of her, motioning for Hannah to get ready. When the moment came, she opened up her jacket and pulled her bikini top to either side, her perky tits in plain view as she smiled for the camera. Hannah snapped a picture quickly, and by the time she looked up, Madison had covered her tits with the edges of her jacket.
She then sat down on a bench in the walkway, lifting her legs up to place them on the bar that braced the bench under the seat. Spreading her legs, anyone walking by could see straight up her skirt and get a very full view of her thin, tiny thong that barely covered her swollen pussy. Hannah looked at her as she smiled, and took another picture.
"Wow," Hannah said as Madison stood up from the bench. "That was just - just - hot!"
"Want to get in on the action too?"
"Ummm, not really, not here," said Hannah. "Too many people I know. I work here, you know. Ask me again at the park!"
Madison nodded. She hadn't expected that Hannah would be willing to flash or anything at all, never mind expose herself on a website. Maybe she wouldn't be willing after all, but the thought of Hannah going along with her plan, fully committing, was enough to keep Madison very interested. She would not forget to bring it up later.
"Here, let's go in a store," said Madison, pulling Hannah inside by the wrist. The girls walked to the back of the store, where Madison, after looking around, opened up her jacket again, her tits falling out as she stood in between two racks of clothing. Hannah took not one, but two pictures, the second with Madison eagerly cupping her breasts to show that yes, indeed, she did want this. It was like offering her breasts to the viewer for a full visual inspection and consumption.
Standing there, Madison suddenly reached under her skirt, pulling her panties down to her knees. She stood back up with her panties still in place halfway down her legs, clearly visible, as she waited for Hannah to take two more pictures - one with her tots covered and another with them exposed. Then she did the unthinkable - Madison pulled them off and placed them in her mouth. Two more pictures quickly followed, one with her tits hanging out and another with her skirt lifted up, pussy exposed, while she left her jacket open to show her tits.
Shit! Someone was coming! Madison quickly dropped her skirt and pulled her jacket over her tits, letting her panties fall from her mouth and catching them in her hand and hiding them in the outside pocket of her jacket. She immediately realized that her right breast may have popped out during the maneuver, and turned away. She quickly walked out of the store, Hannah following.
"On my god! Who was that?" Asked Madison. She hadn't had time to look at the person.
"Some guy."
"Where did he come from?"
"The fitting room."
"I didn't expect anyone would be coming from that way! Maybe the front of the store, but not the back! Was he an employee or just - "
"I'm not sure. That was close though."
"Yeah. Close and awesome!" Madison was touching her pussy through her skirt as she said those words, stopping when she realized what she was doing, although in that moment she wanted more than anything to continue.
"Yeah. Well let's hope he didn't see anything."
"Yeah," Madison replied. She didn't know if she really hoped that or not. Part of her really hoped he had seen at least a nipple or something. That would be so hot! Part of her, of course, the safe part, hoped otherwise. One thing was for sure though - the risk of getting caught was immensely arousing.
The girls started walking again, and after the girls had passed a couple of stores, Madison handed her panties to Hannah, telling her to hang on to them. Hannah put the panties in her purse.
"Where are we going now?" Hannah asked.
"Shoe store," said Madison, smiling. Not two minutes later, the girls were inside a shoe store, looking at items on the racks. Hannah was scared to ask what Madison had planned this time.
"Can I help you find anything?" An employee asked. It was a guy, probably in his thirties.
"Sure, do you have this in a size seven?" She asked. The employee went in the back to check; meanwhile, Madison sat down on one of those benches people sit on when trying on shoes. She spread her legs again, this time exposing her bare pussy, and Hannah quickly snapped a picture.
A minute later, the guy came back with her size. He knelt down at Madison's feet, taking off her ankle boots and putting on the strappy sandals she had selected. As he gently slid the straps into place, Madison opened her legs again. Hannah, standing behind him and to he side, got the phone ready and took another picture, holding the camera in place for whatever happened next.
As she slowly opened her legs, it seemed as if the guy was trying not to take advantage of the obvious display right before his face. After a few seconds, though, he gave in and took a quick glance up Madison's skirt. Her pussy dripped, aching with desire, and her legs twitched ever so slightly. "This is amazing," she thought.
The guy lingered a bit, letting his glance turn into a stare as he eyed Madison's shaven, engorged pussy, obviously enjoying the view. His eyes raised, open wide, and his lips parted in astonishment as he ogled Madison's exposed pussy. He knew she knew, and she knew he knew, and she knew he knew she knew. He looked up to see her smiling wide, taking in the fact that she had let a complete stranger take a very long look up her skirt at her bare pussy. Hannah, of course, had captured it all in several pictures - the show and the look on the guy's face as he stared on.
"So, what do you think?" He asked, outwardly referring to the shoes.
"I could ask you the same question," she said, flirtatiously.
"Well, I think you look very good in them," he said, smiling. She knew that he was more interested in the view up her skirt than in her shoes.
"I don't know, they're ok," she said, smiling back. "Not what I was hoping for, though. Can you take them off please?" He didn't need to be asked twice, bending again, this time looking up Madison's skirt the entire time as he fumbled with her shoes. Finally, he stood up, a slight bulge in his pants showing through.
"Is there anything else I can help you with?" He asked politely.
"No, that's all. Just wanted to have a look," she said. "You know, sometimes it's nice to look." She smiled at him, excited, knowing he had just had a great look at her pussy. She really was starting to love showing off like that. And Hannah had captured it several times.
"Yes, yes it is," he replied, winking. She winked back, took Hannah's hand and led her out of the store.
"I have an idea," she said. Stepping into a corridor, mostly out of view, she reached behind her back and untied the string of her bikini, pulling the other string, the one around her neck, over her head quickly and stuffing the top in her purse. She was now wearing nothing but her skirt, jacket, and ankle boots. Madison didn't dare bother to close her jacket. She stepped back out into the main walkway as Hannah snapped another couple of pictures, then the girls were on the move again.
If Madison had felt people looking at her before, last time at this mall or earlier that day, it was nothing compared to the attention she was getting now. Just imagine for a moment a hot college girl wearing only s short denim jacket, her cleavage easily visible between the left and right portions of the jacket. Imagine seeing her dangling, inviting navel piercing glimmer in the light, her midriff, sides, back and hips visible to all. Imagine her in a short skirt, barely covering her ass, and sexy, tall ankle boots. And finally, imagine her strutting through a crowded mall in that outfit, her body language begging for the attention of all who see her, knowing that she looks like a complete, utter slut and loving every second. That was what you would have seen if you had seen Madison that day.
Hannah walked ahead of her, snapping a few pictures, before falling behind to catch a few of Madison's backside. Instinctively, Madison dropped something - a lipstick or something like that - on the floor and bent at the waist to pick it up, her bare ass and pussy in full view of anyone behind her. She didn't even care if anyone was behind her anymore, she was too turned on to care in the least.
Guys stared. Some girls even stared. Some girls covered their boyfriends' eyes or gave Madison the filthiest looks she had ever seen. People exclaimed out loud. Everyone who saw Madison knew in an instant she wore nothing underneath her jacket, and Madison knew that one wrong twist, one wrong move and those bare breasts would be popping into full view. Those who saw her knew it too, some eagerly watching, staring, waiting for Madison to make such a move. But she didn't, not yet. Two girls started talking loud enough to be heard.
"Oh my god, look! She has no top on!"
"Wow. That's just nasty. I hate girls like that."
"Yeah. And her friend isn't much better."
Madison found herself immensely aroused by those words. She was exactly what she wanted to be - the center of attention, wearing about as little as possible without getting into serious trouble. As horny as she was, though, she still managed to think coherently enough to lead Hannah to a food vendor, ordering fries and a shake and taking more ketchup packets than any person would ever need for the amount of food she ordered.
They didn't say much, except to order the food, and they just watched as they, especially Madison, was being stared at by what seemed like dozens of people. The guys at the fast food shack were all staring, hoping, waiting for her tits to pop out of her jacket
Then it happened. Watching, Hannah wasn't sure if it was on purpose or by accident. Madison went to reach inside her purse for her money, and brushed the side of her jacket, causing it to move and her breast to momentarily become exposed before she could catch her jacket and cover herself up. A little cheer came up from inside he restaurant. Madison, obviously aware of what was happening, adjusted her jacket again, her tit peeking out for the workers. She just left it out.
Nobody could see except for the people inside the store, the way she was positioned. This, of course, was a problem for Hannah. She literally sat on the counter and leaned back to get a good picture of how exposed Madison was, and then she moved, standing a few feet back from the counter to capture the looks on the faces of those who saw her.
Madison smiled. She was as wet as she had ever been. Those guys, the fast food workers, were mostly overweight, smelly, greasy guys. Who wouldn't be, standing a foot from a fryer all day? But Madison, as horny as she was, probably would have let any of them fuck her. Only two things stopped her - Hannah's presence and the plans she had made with her, and the fact that none of them approached her about it.
The girls got their food and soon were on the march, heading for Hannah's car again. She had agreed to drive Madison to this park where they would have some alone time. But Madison had other ideas first. She was just too turned on to stop herself. She pulled her jacket open, and several people saw as Hannah snapped a picture. Madison, unable to contain herself, lifted up her skirt. More people saw, another picture.
People started to talk. She was a flasher, a slut, a whore. Some guy even tried to feel her up. Madison didn't stop him, letting him get a handful of her left breast as she walked by. Hannah got a good picture of that too.
They made it outside, finally, and Madison opened up her jacket for good. She walked all the way to Hannah's car with her tits in plain view, with Hannah photographing as she went, and finally she reached the car and just took off the whole jacket before getting in. Now she was topless, in the front seat. She lifted her skirt and started to touch herself, again, too horny to care. As before, she smiled knowing that Hannah had captured it all with her phone.
"Wow, ok, that was really slutty, and really hot," said Hannah, getting into the car next to Madison. "What are you going to do next, take off your skirt?"
Madison smiled in response to the question, as if she couldn't have been happier that Hannah brought it up. She quickly pulled off her skirt as Hannah started to drive away. Picking up the phone just for a moment, Hannah took a couple quick pictures of her friend, who was sitting in the passenger seat, nude except for her ankle boots.
"So, this park, is it crowded?" Asked Madison.
"Sometimes, around the parking lot. There's an area, though, with a little hill and a meadow that nobody really ever visits much. We used to hang out there when I was in high school, you know, have some drinks if we could get alcohol somewhere, stuff like that."
"Ever have sex there?"
"No."
"Not yet, you mean?" Asked Madison, smiling wide.
"Yeah, not yet," Hannah said, smiling back. She wanted so much just to park the car and eat Madison's pussy on the spot, but the car was moving, seemingly taking forever to reach its destination. She couldn't take her eyes off the naked girl beside her, riding through the streets of town with her tits on display for all. Soon, her attention was broken.
A car horn sounded, and Madison waved, embarrassed, at the car next to her. It was just two guys in a car, both staring at the show for several long seconds before speeding off, disappointed that the girls didn't chase after them.
"Madison, you're crazy!" Said Hannah. "You better hope this doesn't get you - or me - into any trouble!"
"I know...Although I have fantasized about having to, you know, suck my way out of trouble or something."
"You aren't trying to do that, are you?"
"No. But the thought is really hot. But no. It's really hot, makes me really wet, having people see me like this, though. It's probably why I started posting those pictures." Looking up, Madison could see that the girls were just pulling into the park.
"Are you going to cover up at all?" Asked Hannah.
"Yeah, I'll cover up a little," she said. She pulled her skirt back on and her jacket as well before exiting the car, Hannah leading her by the hand over a small bridge and onto a path. There were a few people around, maybe a dozen. Some were walking dogs, some jogging, some participating in other various activities.
When the girls stepped out of the car, they did not fail to attract the attention of nearly everyone in sight. They stared at the girls, mostly at Madison, at her cleavage and legs and stomach, bared for all. She paused, and Hannah took a couple of pictures. Madison, turning around and seeing nobody in front of her, opened her jacket wide for a picture with several people watching or minding their own business in the background. She then lifted up her skirt, exposing her pussy, for another picture, and then replaced her garments and turned around and bent over to show her ass and her throbbing pussy. In the picture, it was extremely red and swollen and glistening with her juices.
The girls walked, eyes on them, Madison especially becoming more aroused with each step. She strutted, swaying her hips, lifting her hands above her head and pretending to fix her hair so that had jacket would rise up as she stretched her body. More of her midriff became exposed, and her nipples all but peeked out of her jacket as her elbows swung out to the sides of her head. She really felt slutty, watched, and used, and it felt good.
Finally, the girls made their way to a large rock at the edge of a clearing, seeing fewer and fewer people as they walked. This both disappointed and excited Madison, knowing that if there was truly nobody around, she would not only be naked again, outdoors this time, having her picture taken for the website, but also, she could perhaps talk Hannah into posing for a couple as well.
"Is this the place?" Madison asked as they reached the rock. It was a boulder, with a flat surface good for sitting or lying toward the bottom, and which offered some cover in one direction from the flat spot.
"Yep," said Hannah. "This is it." Before Hannah could even place her purse on the ground and get Madison's phone ready, Madison had removed her jacket and was holding it in her hand, proudly smiling and displaying her tits.
"Wow, this feels amazing," she said, teasing her nipples until they were erect. It didn't take long. Hannah, sensing an opportunity, took a picture, and then immediately took Madison's jacket out of her hand and flung it up on the rock. It would require a ten foot climb to reach it. It wouldn't be a tough climb, but the way the rock was positioned on the hill, it would certainly increase her chances of being seen, topless, by someone at the bottom of the hill or someone walking along the path.
"Hannah, you whore!" Madison said, playfully, surprised but still smiling. Secretly, or perhaps not, she relished the thought of being made to climb up there, risking exposure, to retrieve her jacket.
"Wow. You're the one topless in a park, and you're calling ME a whore?"
"Well are you going to take a picture or what?"
Hannah quickly obliged, taking a picture of Madison wearing just her skirt and boots, the trees and the rock behind her. No sooner had she finished than she was kissing Madison's neck, a hand caressing her left nipple. Madison enjoyed it all too much, and before Hannah pulled away, Madison had dropped her skirt to the ground, her bare ass and pussy on display, easily seen to anyone who happened by. Luckily, or perhaps not, the girls were alone.
Still holding the phone, Hannah stepped back and snapped a picture from the front and from the rear of Madison's body, muse except for her boots once again. Madison smiled, knowing that somewhere, someone would be jacking off to her naked body. She wanted every last person who saw her to do just that. Quietly, under her breath, she began to whisper: "I'm a slut."
"What?" Hannah said.
"I said I'm a slut, Hannah. I want everyone to see me, and to look at my body." She sat down on the ground, and Hannah snapped another picture as she spread her legs wide, giving her viewers a complete performance.
"Anything else?" She asked.
"Yes, Hannah. I'm a slut and I want them all to jack off to me."
"Why do you want to show off so much, you horny, dripping little slut?" Hannah teased Madison playfully as the latter began to caress her outer pussy lips with her free hand, giving her the pleasure that she had craved for what felt like hours.
"Because - because it fucking turns me on - it makes me so horny to know that I'm completely exposed, not just here but all over the world." Madison, after she finished saying these words, licked her fingers clean and started again.
"I'm a filthy fucking shown off slut, Hannah. I can't help myself. I just get so turned on," she said, inserting two fingers in her slick hole as she said those words. "I can't stop - I need it - I need to show off, to expose my body, to look like a slut and have everyone stare at me and think I'm a slut and call me a whore and want to fuck me, rough and hard. I want that, Hannah. I want them all to just use me, cum on me, state and take pictures and I want my pictures spread all over, I want the whole world to know what a filthy little fuckhole I really am!"
Hannah was immensely aroused by Madison's unbridled admission. Madison was too, even more so. She just couldn't hold back any more. She was now fucking her pussy hard with three fingers.
"I - I want you, Hannah," Madison moaned. She just loved seeing Hannah, wide eyed, watching her masturbate outdoors, at the edge of a clearing at a park. All of the sudden, though, she paused for a moment. Hannah had been taking pictures of the whole thing, but now she lowered Madison's phone.
"Hannah, about what I said earlier - any chance you would want to join me in a couple pictures? Any chance you wouldn't mind showing off a little?"
"I still don't know, Madison. I mean, someone I know could see me - and that would be bad.
"Maybe you could just show your body, and not your face? Or maybe I'd be willing to trade and do something extra special for you."
"What did you have in mind?" Hannah asked, only half wanting to know. In all reality, Hannah was more turned on by Madison's exposure than by the idea of exposing herself. Yet, as she watched Madison become a wanton slut in her own degradation and exposure, she couldn't help be curious what it might feel like to be exposed online too.
"That's up to you. I'd do something risky." She smiled and winked, trying to seduce Hannah, to draw her in.
Madison watched as Hannah slowly approached her. She slowly knelt down, opening her mouth, connecting hers with Madison's open mouth in an erotic, wild kiss. Her finger traced Madison's breasts, skirted her midriff, and slowly slid into Madison's wet pussy. With her other hand, she slid Madison's phone back into her own hand and brought the kiss to an end.
"How about this - just a couple of pictures, no face, and I get to put that finger in your ass?" Madison was astonished. She really wanted it. Never before had she let someone explore her ass, and kneeling alongside her was a sexy girl asking not only for that, but to be partially exposed with her in her pictures. She could have just agreed, but she wanted something extra.
"Ok - or, how about we just take the pictures, I'll crop your face out when I post them but keep the originals for myself, and my ass is yours."
Hannah said not a word, but left he phone in Madison's hand as she backed away. Madison did not need an invitation. Lying on her back, she opened her camera and snapped a picture of Hannah in her skirt and low-cut top before Hannah slowly removed her top.
At first, she just teased Madison, raising her took expose the underside of her breasts, and then leaning forward to expose maximum cleavage, and finally turning around to remove the top before turning back around, covering her breasts with her hands. Four pictures were taken, and finally, Hannah dropped her hands, her smallish yet perky tits and her fully erect nipples in full view as Madison took another picture. Hannah then lifted her skirt, exposing her pussy, and then turned around to expose her ass, before completely dropping her skirt, joining Madison in her nudity, except that both girls still wore shoes.
Hannah turned back around, the full effect of her own exposure on her wet pussy having become apparent to Madison as she watched, taking more pictures as Hannah approached her.
As Hannah approached, Madison continued to take pictures. Hannah finally reached the place where Madison sat on the ground, Madison reaching into her bag for something. She pulled out several ketchup packets.
"Just what are you going to do with those?" Hannah asked. Madison was tearing off the corners, opening the packets. Without verbal warning, but with Hannah sensing what she was about to do, Madison emptied the contents of a packet on each of Hannah's nipples, causing her to giggle with delight.
"I hope you're going to clean that up," said Hannah.
"Of course!" Madison smiled after she spoke, leaning in, licking the ketchup from Hannah's nipples. She then emptied a third packet directly into Hannah's belly button, giving it the same treatment, licking every drop out of Hannah's navel, sending shivers down her spine as her tongue swirled inside, licking every crevice clean. Both girls were becoming very aroused.
Madison tore open another packet, squirting it in a line leading directly to Hannah's pussy. She leaned in again, slowly licking it up, teasing Hannah with her tongue as she inched closer to her pussy, and, just when she reached it, and had licked up what remained, she dumped the rest of her half-full shake onto Hannah's frontside, coating everything from her nipples to her pussy in the milky, sticky mess.
"Madison!" Hannah exclaimed, surprised. "You're going to have a lot of work to do there, I don't want to be all sticky!" She was only slightly objecting, and mainly flirting, happy to let Madison lick and kiss and suck as much of her body as she wanted.
Madison quickly got to work, cleaning up Hannah's chest and nipples first with her tongue, eliciting moans of pleasure from Hannah as she did so. She worked down Hannah's body, licking her midriff clean, taking a couple minutes to finish the job, pausing to suck out the milky mess that had accumulated in her navel, cleaning it out very well with her tongue. Hannah moaned again; Madison looked up at her, smiling.
It didn't take her long to finish the rest. She just went to work, licking Hannah's lower stomach, catching what had pooled between her legs and the lowest part of the side of her stomach, before moving to her pussy, having coated Hannah's entire frontside with a thin layer of saliva, having removed the shake from her body with her mouth, in its entirety. She paused, tasting Hannah's pussy, cleaning the milky goop from its lips, before her arousal took over and she began to beg.
"Ride my mouth again, you filthy little slut. Please, please just use me." Madison begged Hannah for the chance to pleasure her again. Hannah eagerly positioned her pussy directly on Madison's mouth. Madison handed Hannah the phone again as she began to taste every crevice of Hannah's pussy for the second time of the day.
"What, I suppose you want me to take a picture of you eating my pussy? Of me riding your face?" Hannah asked.
"Mmhmmm," Madison said. She took Hannah's other hand and guided it to the back of her head, indicating that she wanted to be forced, made to lock her pussy like a pro while Hannah captured it on camera.
Hannah wanted it too. Something inside her had been awakened, brought about by her friend's display and exhibition as well as her own. She wanted to capture the little slut doing what she did best, and put it on the Internet for everyone to see forevermore. She spread her legs wide and grabbed Madison's head, forcing her tongue to travel deep into her pussy, a look of unbridled desire to be used, to be forced in her eyes as she snapped the first picture.
Madison loved the way Hannah used her. Nothing, nothing except exposing herself for all to see, had ever turned her on quite as much as having her tongue forced between Hannah's sexy, swollen, pungent inner lips. She loved the taste, and she loved the humiliation, as repugnant as she would have found it in a less desirous state. It was getting to her. She licked and sucked and nibbled with all her might while Hannah took several more pictures. Finally. Hannah leaned back, sitting on the rock with her legs spread in front of her, grabbing Madison's head and forcing it in between her legs for another good tongue fuck.
"Ohhhh, eat my pussy, slut!" Hannah whispered. Madison, intensely aroused, had her mouth wrapped around Hannah's pussy in such a way that she could only moan in response. Moan she did, voicing her approval. Hannah briefly pulled Madison's face out of her pussy, only to have her beg for it to be forced in again, the greedy slut she was.
"Ohhhh, Hannah, use my mouth! Use my little whore mouth! Use it to make you cum, use me! Force me!"
"Wow, what a filthy little whore, Madison. You just can't get enough! Isn't it s little humiliating to be forced like that?"
"Yes - I want more - please!"
"You want me to humiliate you?"
"Please humiliate me, Hannah! Use me!" Madison's body just wanted any kind of sexual activity it could scourge up at that point. She was completely desperate, willing to say and do anything. She needed it. It was too bad she wasn't getting her own holes filled or pussy licked, but that would come - and the longer she waited, the more desperate she got, the better it would be.
"Ear my pussy, you nasty, horny bitch!" Hannah demanded. "Ohhhh that's it you worthless slut, good - right there- ohhh, yes you little filthy slut! You like it when I call you a filthy slut, a dirty tramp, a worthless whore, a nasty bitch, don't you?"
"Mhmmmm."
"Well today you proved - ohhhh - all those things! You proved what a little slut you are! You really love being exposed, don't you? Showing off your sexy, slutty little body for everyone? Guys staring? Girls scowling? Your tits popping out? Giving guys looks up your skirt? You wanted all that, and you want all your pictures posted online, don't you you fucking slut?"
"Mmmmhmmm."
"It turns you on, when I say those things, doesn't it?
"Yes," Madison said, looking into Hannah's eyes, her face pulled out of her pussy only for a moment.
"Good. Now make me cum." Hannah shoved Madison's face right back into her pussy. Both girls moaned, Madison from the pleasure of being used and Hannah from the pleasure she received from Madison. Deeper and deeper Madison's tongue went into Hannah's pussy, her mouth stretched wide and engulfing as much of Hannah's pussy as she could.
"Oh, yes, you little slut. You wanted this. You need this don't you?"
"Mmhmmm."
"Eat that pussy. Does it taste good? Do you like eating my pussy outside, in a park, while I force your tongue into my pussy?"
"Mmmhm."
"Oh god, Madison, you little slut, you turn me on so much! I just want to use - use your mouth and I want you to make me cum, and then I want to see you post those pictures so people can see what a little whore you are. Is that what you want, Madison?"
"Mmmhmmm." Hannah was forcing Madison to tongue fuck her in rhythm now, her tongue flicking over her clit and pressing into her cunt, Madison tasting the delicate folds of Hannah's swollen pussy.
"Ohhh, that's it, yes, right there, slut, right - right there, ohhh! Yes!" Hannah collapsed backwards, releasing Madison's head from her grasp as she came violently, arching her back and shaking her legs as her juices flowed into Madison's face and into her mouth. It was exhausting, having an orgasm like that, but Hannah wasn't done.
"Oh my god, that was amazing!"
"Glad you liked it - I always like to be forced to eat a tasty pussy like yours."
"Good. Now it's my turn to taste yours."
Hannah pushed Madison back onto her backside, the girls changing positions as Hannah crept on top of Madison. She started by kissing her lips, enveloping Madison's mouth with her own and tasting her own pussy on Madison's face and lips. It was dirty, yes, but she loved it, and loaned, setting Madison on fire with arousal, knowing that Hannah was loving the taste of her own pussy.
Hannah next backed up only far enough to kiss Madison's neck, the tingling feeling giving Madison a burst of pleasure as Hannah lightly flicked her tongue across its tight skin. She then moved a little lower, taking Madison's right breast into her mouth, clamping down on her nipple with her teeth, remembering how much Madison loved to have her nipples pulled and twisted and pinched and thinking she would no doubt enjoy that as well. The nipple instantly stood at attention.
"Ohhhhh, yes." Madison moaned.
"You like it when I bite your nipple?"
"Yes, I love it - it hurts just enough - it - just the feeling - ohhhhh!" Madison moaned out loud again as Hannah gave the other nipple the same treatment. She then moved down Madison's exposed chest to her midriff, teasing her nipples with a free hand as she kissed her way down toward Madison's pussy.
Hannah only stopped one more time, and that was to kiss Madison's stomach. She moved her tongue in a ring around Madison's belly button before diving in, flicking her tongue against the piercing and giving Madison a deep sensation that she couldn't help but love. It was as if the nerve extended straight from her navel to her pussy, and Madison grabbed Hannah's head, forcing her tongue to linger a little longer in her wet bellybutton, swirling, licking, tasting it.
Madison had lost all control of herself. She needed Hannah more than she needed air or water. Hannah moved a little lower, plunging a finger into her soaked pussy before flicking her tongue against it for a few seconds, lighting Madison ablaze with desire.
"Madison, you want me to be a little slut and lick your pussy?"
"Yes!"
"Want me to put a finger in your ass?"
"Ohhhh, fuck yes! Put it in my ass!"
"Want to post those pictures of me, face and all? Take my picture while I eat your pussy and finger your ass and post that too?"
"Ohhhh, that would be so hot!"
"Will you promise, if I let you do that, that you will do something extra slutty for me?"
"I'll do anything, Hannah!"
"Anything?"
"Y - yes! What doni have to do?"
"I'll come up with something, something risky and slutty - something online, nothing in public but something really good. Are you up for it?"
"Yes, make me even more of an exposed slut, I need this and I need you and I need your mouth on my pussy!"
"Ok then, I'll let you know when I come up with an idea." Hannah picked up Madison's phone and handed it to her, permitting Madison to take a picture of Hannah as she went down on her, greedily slurping at her pussy. She took the finger that had been in Madison's pussy, brought it to her lips and tasted it, covering it with a thick coating of saliva. When she was done, she pushed Madison's legs high in the air and slowly traced her finger down Madison's pussy, teasing her perfectly hairless asshole with her finger.
"Ohhhh, yes, Hannah, put it in my ass!" Madison begged. Hannah ran the finger back and forth over Madison's hole, sending shivers up her spine in anticipation and arousal.
"Ok, you little anal slut, I'm putting it in." Hannah slowly maneuvered her index finger past Madison's sphincter, not stopping until her finger was as deep as it would go, all the way to the the webbing between her fingers. As soon as it was all the way in, she placed her mouth back over Madison's pussy, giving it a few rough, abrasive licks before speaking again, moving the finger in and out of her asshole, pleasuring Madison to the extreme as she did.
"Does that feel good? You like it when I finger your ass?"
"Oh yes, I love it! Now give me two fingers in the ass and don't stop licking until I cum!"
Hannah happily obliged, inserting a second finger slowly into Madison's ass, stretching her tight little hole as she pressed her head against Madison's legs, still high in the air, and forcefully ate her pussy. Madison took two or three more pictures before finally placing the phone on the ground, allowing herself to fully appreciate the moment.
"Ohhhh, yes, finger my ass - I love it up my ass when I get horny - ohhhhhh, yes - I love being a little shown off slut, and walking around the mall with my tits and pussy out - did you like my little show, Hannah?"
"Mmmmhmmm, it was so hot!"
"Yes, am I a little slut for showing off like that? Do you think I'm a little exhibitionist whore?"
"Ohhhh, yes," said Hannah emphatically.
"Ohhhh, yes, it makes me so hot and horny to show off, in the mall, nothing on but a skirt and jacket - and to be naked and hooking up with a hot girl in a park - ohhhhh, and to post it all online - yes! - and to do whatever slutty thing that you have planned for me!"
Madison was starting to rock her body now, thoroughly enjoying the pleasure that Hannah was giving to her two holes. She looked down at Hannah and noticed something - it was a guy, on the path.
He was standing behind Hannah and in front of Madison, teasing his cock through his jeans as he watched the girls share their erotic moment. She just couldn't take any more, the moment was so erotic, a complete stranger watching her getting her ass fingered and pussy locked in a public park. She started to shake from excitement and arousal and only the slightest hint of embarrassment. Madison, the exhibitionist slut she had become, loved it - she wanted, no, she needed to be seen, and to be watched, and to be the best little whore she could be.
"Ohhhh, eat my pussy, Hannah, yes! I'm such a slut, I'm a little show off whore! Eat it, fuck me, make me - make me cum - I'm going to - I'm a slut, I'm going to- ohhhhh, I'm such a slut!" Madison screamed as she came even more violently than Hannah, the buildup of the day's activities having aroused her more and more until finally the stranger watching had pushed her over the top in a matter of seconds. She really was a little slut now, there as nothing she could do about it, and she never wanted it to change.
For what seemed like minutes her orgasm continued, her body shaking and spasmong and thrusting into Hannah's mouth and fingers. Madison thought she never wanted it to end. She was getting weak now, gasping for air as she came, hard, experiencing several shuddering climaxes that were so close together she couldn't even tell them apart. She screamed that she was a slut at the top of her lungs, which just made her want more.
Finally, Madison pulled Hannah's head into her pussy, grinding it against her body, and had one more thrilling orgasm before releasing her, pulling her close beside her, the two girls lying on the ground panting. Slowly, she pulled Hannah's fingers, the ones that had been in her ass only moments before, to her lips, sniffed them, and pulled them into her mouth, cleaning them, tasting her ass on her friend's hand.
They were exhausted, and Madison had never been more satisfied in her life, yet she was still horny enough to want to taste her own ass, only both girls were too exhausted to do anything but lie there in each other's arms and wait. They laid there, catching their breath, taking stock of their exhaustion, and finally beginning to return to a state of not being in the most aroused state either of them had ever experienced. Looking up, Madison could see the stranger turn and walk away, just creepy enough to look, but not creepy enough to approach.
Madison had half-hoped that he would just come over and thrust his hard cock into her mouth, but nonetheless, she was still more than satisfied with her experience of the day. Hannah pushed her body up into position and kissed Madison deeply, surprised that she was willing to get anywhere near the mouth that had just tasted her own ass. Hannah, as if she could read Madison's mind, began to explain.
"That was so hot, licking my fingers like that. If you could do that, then I could definitely kiss you." The girls laughed, sat up, and were silent for a long time. Both were amazed at the depths of what they had done, but more so, what the other had been driven to do.
"Did you see the guy watching?" Madison asked.
"What the - Madison! What the fuck? We were being watched? Why didn't you tell me?"
"I started cumming right away, it turned me on so much. And I didn't really care."
"Yeah, I mean, wow. Hot! Hot and...a little embarrassing."
"Yeah, I really liked it, it was amazing! And you eating my pussyband fingering my ass, wow!"
"Do you always taste it after?"
"No, first time. I had thought about it a few times, but just couldn't stop myself. It's a little nasty when you think about it, but, I don't know. When I'm turned on, I just can't help myself. Actually, this was the first time anyone else had ever fingered my ass, too."
"Wow, yeah, you looked really good with my fingers in your ass."
"Thanks. You looked really good eating my pussy." The girls stood up, embraced, and shared another long lesibian kiss. For a moment, Madison thought they might rekindle their arousal to the point that they wouldn't be leaving the park without another round of sex, but it didn't materialize.
"You about ready to head back to the mall? Today was so awesome, but we've been naked out here forever. I just don't want to get into any trouble."
"Sure," said Madison, and she climbed up the rock, watching as people below looked up to see her, and retrieved her jacket in the nude. They certainly couldn't see her well, but they did see her.
The girls put their skimpy clothes back on and walked back to the car. They held hands, not saying much, but laughing and smiling wide at each other as they walked. Hannah even put her hand on Madison's ass, in the back pocket of her skirt, teasing and feeling her sexy body as the girls walked. They reached the car and headed back to the mall.
"I hope I get to see you again sometime," Hannah said as the two parted back in the mall parking lot.
"You will. And let me know when you come up with a plan for what I have to do now that you've agreed to be in my pictures. Just make sure it counts."
"Oh, it will." The girls locked lips for one last time that day, Madison's jacket opened up by Hannah's hand as she groped her breast. Bodies connected, the flesh of each girl gently rubbing the flesh of the other, arousing both, but not to the point that they wanted to have sex again, mostly because they were both exhausted. Finally the girls said goodbye, each needing rest.
Madison slept well that night, having masturbated to another orgasm after getting back to her apartment and posting the pictures. She still just couldn't get enough, and she began to wait patiently for what Hannah had in store for her.