It was early May and Becky (short for Rebecca) and I (Jim) were planning to break ground on what was to be our dream home. Being extremely fortunate in life I had retired in my early 50's and Becky being somewhat younger than I, was still working (her choice not mine).
We have found an idyllic spot about 30 miles from the city and close enough to the highway to make for a short commute for Becky. We had managed to purchase a vacant 3 acre lot which was located on a cul-de-sac in a neighborhood of only 12 other homes. It was the last lot in the development and we loved being surrounded by nature, trees and a small stream that bordered two sides of our property.
I was working with a part time home builder and was at the lot almost daily. As July and August rolled around the house was coming together nicely. It had been framed, and closed in to allow work on the interior to begin. Becky often joined me later in the day to help with the clean up that took a few hours every day after the work crews had left. We took on this portion of the project in an effort to save some money and more importantly to say we helped build our dream home.
Mid August, temperatures in the 80's and no breeze. To put it bluntly we were sweating our asses off while doing some cleanup on a second from loft area that overlooked the great room. Becky is a 5'8" natural blonde with fabulous 36 D tits and an ass that just can't be ignored. She was sweeping the floor and was sweating through the tank top she was wearing when i could no longer ignore the raging hard on that had been growing for some time. I moved in behind her and put my arms around her waist making sure she could feel the excitement I had going on.
Becky turned her head slightly and smiled at me before asking me what in the world I was thinking. She proceeded to tell me that we were in an unsecured home, that there were no window coverings and she was a sweaty mess. I smiled back and said yes we are. I replied, "there are 15 rooms in this house and I want to take full advantage of all of them all before it's finished. We might as well start here".
There was a solid temporary railing on the loft area but I chose to back her up against a hallway wall while quickly removing the sweaty tank top, pulling it up and over her head before she had a chance to object any further.
Becky stood there in shorts and a bra that was next to go, and this time it was her who shed the white lacy bra quicker than I could have accomplished the task. She had an evil little grin now and reached over to strip me of my sweat soaked shirt and then quickly unfasten my belt and jeans before letting them drop to the plywood flooring. Becky quickly let me know she had no intention of letting her ass touch that dusty plywood floor and that I'd just have to deal with it. I pushed her back up against the unfinished dry wall and slid her shorts and panties down together into a little pile around her ankles. she quickly shed both by kicking them off to the side.
I reached my hand down between her legs and she was dripping wet. The combination of her already sweaty body and the quick entry of a finger and then two more had her pussy dripping to the point I could feel the wetness on her thighs. I wanted so badly to lift her up and lower her back down onto my ever growing cock but I couldn't resist treating my self to a little titty licking and sucking. Licking the salty wetness from her tits one at a time I felt her nipples begin to harden and stand up erect. Just a little more teasing with my lips and then a quick nibble of each tit and she was begging me to make her cum. Becky took me by the hand, turned around grabbing the railing with both hands and presented her perfect ass to me. She spread her legs slightly and reached back to grab my cock and guide me into her soaking wet pussy.
She knew I wanted to cum so badly but told me she'd like to enjoy the view out the front windows for a while so I'd better just slow my roll for a bit. To keep my mind off filling her sweet pussy to quickly she began to point out all the jobs we'd have waiting for us in the yard. All the talk could only delay the pussy filling she was about to get for a little while, and then all of a sudden we heard it.
Hello! is anybody home? The front door opened below us, and a neighbor popped in quickly looking around and repeating herself before looking up and then half whispering. Oh my! So sorry, I didn't ... Oh damn, I guess I'll come back in a while. She turned around, made a quick exit and pulled the door softly closed behind her.
Becky was laughing uncontrollably, my cock was making a slow withdrawal from her soaking pussy and then she asked me whether or not I was gonna finish what I started. That was all the encouragement my cock needed and I was back hard in an instant and pounding that sweet pussy until I filled it fuller than I think I ever had before. Becky shuddered and I knew we had both cum together.
Smiling at me as she pulled her wet pussy off my slowly shrinking cock, Becky turned her head to me and told me to slowly look down at the great room window which I did. I was surprised to see the neighbor quickly step out of view, but sure that she had decided to watch us after pulling the front door closed.
Welcome to the Cul-de-Sac!