This is the first in a series of outdoor adventures. They'll get more explicit as the series continues.
------------------------
I roll over and fluff my pillow. Some would consider a down pillow a luxury item on a trip like this. Not me. It goes with me everywhere I go, even on a canoe trip to the boundary waters. I am here with a group of eight; six kids and one other adult, Allison, whose son was along on the trip. She loves this type of thing, but rarely is able to do an extended trip because her husband is not interested in "roughing" it. Likewise, my wife would not go on a trip like this, as trailer camping is more her style. We had had a good day on the water covering several lakes and a couple of portages. It was one of those lakes that had my imagination at the moment. We had come around a bend in the lake and spotted some other people up ahead. Turns out it was two couples, mid-twenties and we could see the women scrambling for their swim suits as we were coming down the lake. Oh to be twenty again, sexually charged and carefree. By the time we could see anything they were fully covered, much to my dismay, but probably for the best as we would not want to shock the sensibilities of a bunch of scouts. Allison, who was in the front of my canoe, smirked that I was probably disappointed they had time to cover up. She has no idea, but I have a great imagination and that "scene" provided the material.
So after thinking about that all day, I was eagerly awaiting the night. And now, it is the middle of the night and I can finally do something about my thoughts of the day. The moon is full and although it was hot and humid earlier, a nice soft cool breeze blows through my open tent doors. I am not certain what time it is. My thoughts of the young women sunbathing naked earlier today is having an effect on me and I reach down to caress my growing shaft. After a bit of stroking, I am getting warmer and I pause for a moment to listen intently to see if anyone is up and about. My tent is in a fairly secluded area of the campsite, but still near the trail. After hearing nothing, I slide my sleeping quilt off to the side and remove my shorts and shirt. There is something about being in the wilderness that gets the sexual juices flowing and I am as hard as I have ever remembered. I prop my head up on my pillow, look down and am a bit surprised at how much I can see in the moonlight. It is nice to feel the fresh breeze on my skin and be exposed in the open air.
I use one hand to softly rub the head in a circular motion while pumping with my other hand. This goes on for several minutes as I lay my head back and close my eyes focusing on naked frolicking young women. As I start to imagine them laying back and playing with themselves I hear a slight moan. I slow my stroking, focusing on my hearing now. I turn my head slightly, open one eye and peer out of my tent. Oh my. Allison is behind a tree, not six feet away, looking directly into my tent, focused on my erect manhood. From my vantage point, it appears her hand is in her shorts. I quickly close my eye and think I should cover up and come up with some story. Then it dawns on me that she is enjoying this and I keep stroking. My thoughts quickly change from naked frolicking young women and I imagine her legs spread wide enough for a proper view of her fingers sliding up and down her slit. I shift my hips to give her a better view of my hand caressing my shaft and push my erection up in the air to ensure she has a good look at it. I close my eyes and am now imagining Allison's fingers deep in her pussy as she stares at me playing with myself. The thought of her eyes on me is rather erotic to me and I know it won't be much longer. As the first spurt lands on my chest I hear another moan and gasp. I slightly open one eye and see Allison has her eyes closed as she is involuntarily shuddering through her own orgasm. I lay there in the afterglow and a few seconds later, when I open my eyes again, she is gone. I hear a tent zipper being slowly opened and I start to clean up. A few minutes later I hear what I am certain is a bit of rustling and a fairly distinct moan from the direction of Allison's tent. Apparently one was not enough for her.
As the moments pass, I am struck at how turned on I was having her watch me. And again, just thinking about it I am getting turned on again by the thought of her watching me. I wondered when she got there? Would she want to "watch" again? Could I plan it so that she "caught" me again? These thoughts cause me to become hard again, something which used to happen a lot when younger, but not so much any longer. One and done was the new normal. Clearly her watching me is something that tripped my trigger...and clearly she liked to watch based on her reaction. Would she let me watch? Upon seeing her, my thoughts immediately went to her naked, on her back, slowing caressing herself with her fingers, legs spread just wide enough to give proper view of her lady parts. Yes, I too would like to watch...would she like that or is this a one-time thing? Or a one-way street?