As I rode home that night I felt as if there were a thousand voices inside my head, begging and pleading with me, to conjure up the shades that had brought me to this place. To fill in every gap and tie up every loose end to explain explicitly why I would take a lover when I had such a wonderful wife and why I would allow my lover to take my wife to bed.
I had dated my wife Sarah for many years before we finally married.
When we met, we were both seniors in High School. We became friends and hung around a lot.
One night we were at a drunken high school party held by Sarah's best girl-friend, the party was for Sarah's 18th birthday. It was getting late and many of the party goers had passed out, hooked up or gone home. It was then that my future bride offered to show me around. We wandered around the large house moving from room to room, when we came to a darkened hallway that led to the bedrooms.
Sarah took my hand and crept along the hallway to a door that was closed except for a small crack.
"This is April's room" Sarah whispered.
April was the girl hosting the party. She was a pretty with big boobs and wide hips. She also was unable to be quiet for more than 15 seconds at a time. In true April style we could hear her through the door.
Sarah reached out and slowly pulled open the door until we could see inside.
We were concealed by the dark hallway and a dim light was all that illuminated the bedroom. Inside we saw that April sat on her bed with her back to us, topless. It was immediately clear that she was riding someone cowgirl style.
I was instantly turned on but a little embarrassed seeing this with my 'pal' Sarah next to me.
"She is such a little slut" Sarah whispered.
"We should...." I started.
"Shhhh" Sarah hissed and jerked my hand.
April was giving a running commentary as she rocked on whoever it was beneath her.
"Oh God, I love your cock" She moaned. "I love to ride you like this. I can feel you so deep inside me.
I could see her heavy tits swing as she alternately rocked and bounced on the lucky guy beneath her.
For his part I only heard moans and couldn't figure out who it was. His hand went to her swinging tits and gently caressed them.
"You like my tits don't you? I love my tits." April declared. "squeeze them for me."
I could see the tits give under the hands grasp.
"Like this." April said as she took his hand in hers and squeezed hard. He needed no more encouragement and squeezed and pulled at the marvelous globes she offered him.
"YES!" April cried and began bouncing enthusiastically on the dick beneath her.
"Don't stop, don't stop" April said over and over.
She put her hands on his chest and bounced higher and faster. The guy moaned as she fucked him.
I still held Sarah's hand and noticed our palms were slick with sweat. I looked at her as she stared transfixed at the scene in front of her. I could see she was breathing heavily and her nipples were hard underneath her tight t-shirt. I had of course fantasized about her, but I had never seen her in such a sexual light before. My already hard cock swelled further.
The guy began bucking his hips beneath April. She bent forward and fed one of her large tits to him.
"Suck that tit" She commanded "Oh fuck yeah, suck it harder oH.. Oh God. Oh fuck!"
The guys hips bucked, and now that she had leaned forward I could see his cock disappearing inside her with each thrust. His hands went to her ass squeezing and pulling as I heard a muffled cry. His hips froze, then began thrusting with a renewed fury.
The two moaned for a few thrusts more then collapsed.
"Ok let's go" Sarah whispered and led me down the hall, quickly this time.
We got to the end of the hall and turned a corner, then another corner. She pushed open a door and pulled me in.
It was the laundry room. I couldn't tell much about it, because it was dark, but the fresh aroma of detergent and dryer sheets was a dead giveaway.
Sarah wrapped her hands around my neck and pulled my mouth to hers. I was surprised with her ferocity but also utterly and completely turned on.
We kissed and hugged for a long time, like high school kids do. Then our hands began to roam. I felt over her shoulders down to her hips, then up to her pretty firm young breasts. Her nipples were as hard as they had been earlier and I pinched at them through her ts. She reached down crossing her arms and pulled the top off over her head. She was tan except for the milky regions of her breasts which seemed to glow in the dark.
My hot sweaty hands immediately went to those perfect tits. I squeezed and pulled and explored finally bending down and taking that hard long nipple between my lips.
She gasped and held me tight. I suckled her hard and she pulled herself against me. Her hands ran down over my back and clawed their way up. I felt her step between my leg and straddle my thigh. We did an awkward slow dance with my mouth on her tit and her crotch grinding against my thigh. The more I sucked, the more she ground.
Sarah broke my hold on her and stepped back.
"Do you have any...?" she asked.
I reached for my wallet and pulled out a condom.
"Phheew" She exhaled.
She stepped close and reached for my shorts, she undid them expertly and pulled them to the floor kneeling as she did so.
I stared down at Sarah, as she looked at the bulge in my boxers. She reached out and ran her palm over my cock from balls to the waistband of my underwear. Then she pulled them down exposing me to her. She ran her fingers along the shaft then took me in her hand. She looked up at me and smiled sweetly, then she opened her mouth and took me in.
At this point I had only received head a couple of times and it was all I could do to keep from cumming instantly.
Sarah knew my predicament it seemed. She took me out of her mouth and slowly stroked me, helping me become accustomed to the sensation.
"Do you like that" She asked.
I nodded.
"Good." She said.
As my breathing slowed she went back down on me, sucking the head and gently pumping the shaft, occasionally cupping my balls. She sucked and licked and tongued my cock tip taking the pre into her mouth. I could see her tasting it on her tongue as though it were a fine wine.
She stood and began to unbutton her jeans.
"Put that thing on" She said.
While I fumbled with the condom she lowered her jeans revealing a perfect hourglass shape with a small mass of hair at the crotch. She stepped to me and turned her back at the same time. she leaned against me facing away, her hand behind her back, feeling my latex clad cock.
I took the opportunity to feel her amazing tits again, measuring their size and weight and always always returning to those perfect long hard nipples. with her free hand she grabbed mine and guided it down over her chest, over her belly, over her pelvis, to that hot pubic place between her legs.
She spread her legs a bit and placed my hand over her pussy lips, then put her hand on mine. She rocked my hand slowly on her cunt, her pubic hair quickly became a hot wet mass sticky with her juices.
I couldn't take it anymore. I ran a hand up her back to her neck. I slowly pushed her away and down. She initially ground her ass against me but felt my insistence and dropped to her knees, with me right behind her.
I had to spread my knees far apart to get to her level, but when my cock slid between her ass cheeks she gasped and arched her back, in an effort to guide me. She dropped to her hands and knees and rocked her hips back giving me unfettered access.
I held her hip with one hand and guided my cockhead to her soaking pussy with the other.
When I pushed into her, she pushed back against me and moaned loudly.
I rocked against her, learning the best way to fuck her from behind.
She moaned and rocked and pushed.
I finally found my stride and began to fuck her quickly. In... out...in...out became in.out.in.out.
Sarah was moaning constantly and loudly as I picked up the pace. she dropped to her elbows, and buried her face in a pile of neatly folded towels before her. She screamed ecstacy into the towels
I couldn't hang on any longer.
Inoutinoutinout.
My balls slapping as our bodies came together, My thighs burning, her ass in my hands, and her muffled cries all conspired to send me over the edge.
I felt the rush of the orgasm and I felt my ejaculation fill the rubber. I pumped again and another wave. I continued pumping until her screams died away. Then I pulled out and sat hard on the ground.
Sarah rolled out of that position and sat next to me. We kissed for a while. Not the desperate 'I need you NOW' kisses, but soft slow exploring kisses.
I knew then that she was the girl for me.
We spent the summer fucking at every opportunity. Sarah had taken an interest in porn, an interest I shared whole heartedly. We tried everything we saw, and Sarah delighted in occasionally putting on the heavy makeup of a pornstar and telling me to 'shove that big cock inside her'.
Then summer ended.
Sarah went to a state school down south, and I was such a slacker that I didn't apply anywhere so Junior college was my best option.
We spent the next few years visiting every chance we got. She'd come home (and we'd fuck). I'd visit her (and we'd fuck).
She'd become even more voracious while she was at school. She had a new friend and dorm mate Stacy and Sarah were inseparable. It got to the point that I referred to them as simply Ssssss, not bothering to pronounce either name. They had their inside jokes and often spoke in mysterious half sentences, like 'I know what you mean'. Even though one or the other hadn't said anything.
Stacy was tall blond and athletic. Sarah was petite, fair, and beautiful.
I took to sleeping in their dorm on visits Stacy always giving us the time we needed to reacquaint ourselves.
One night I got into town late, after midnight. I got to the dorm and Sarah let me in quietly. unfortunately Stacy was asleep in the bead across from Sarah's. There would be no sex that night. Sarah was ready for bed in her typical over sized t-shirt. I stripped down to my boxers and climbed into her tiny bed.
Just as I settled in behind her I felt her hand go to my crotch. finding my flaccid cock.
"don't" I whispered.
"She's asleep, just be quiet" Sarah whispered.
She massaged my cock to full attention in no time and then snaked it through the opening in my boxers. I felt her hike up her tshirt and press her warm full ass against my crotch.
Under the blankets I ran a hand over her body and found her amazing tit... Nipple as always, rock hard.
I had to scoot down to get my hips in a good spot to enter her. Sarah's body shielded me from seeing Stacy.
I positioned my cock head between Sarah's ass cheeks and we slid together. I was worried about getting inside her without foreplay, but she was wet. Not just wet, soaking wet. Hot wet juices instantly coated my cock from her pussy and thighs as I pushed forward. Clearly she was turned on by fucking in front of her sleeping room mate.
I massaged her tits, and thrust slowly and quietly into her.
She slowly lifted the blankets off us.
"the blankets are too noisy" Sarah whispered.
Free of the blankets Sarah raised a thigh giving me much better access.
Now I rocked against her and she arched her back into me, slowly 'spooning'. Sarah pulled her tshirt up giving me better access to her tits. She finally pulled the tshirt completely off.
She laid there with her thigh held wide for me to fuck her from behind, with no covering at all between her and the sleeping Stacy.
She whispered "Do you like it?"
I replied in an equal whisper. "I always love fucking you".
I could feel her hand roaming over her body. from my hand where we'd play with her tit together, to her mouth where she'd suckle her fingers and bring that wetness back to those perfect nipples, then down over her belly to her cunt.
I could feel the muscles in her arm flutter as she flicked at her clit.
"This is such a fucking turn on." Se whispered.
"I know." I said.
"I need you to cum". She said.
I started to pump faster.
"Oh God" She said. and began to moan.
I knew what that meant. If I didn't finish (or stop) she'd lose control of that moan.
"I love being fucked like this, I love having you here with me" she said.
"I love being here" I replied.
My orgasm built slowly but surely. She lifted her leg over my thigh and rolled so that she was laying almost on top of me. Her hips ground against my cock and she masturbated herself to a gently moaning orgasm as I sprayed my cum inside her. She rubbed her pussy for sometime after and as my cock shrank, I felt her probing her pussy, bringing cum covered fingers to her lips and licking them clean.
When we'd cooled down she pulled the blankets back. I shifted myself and sat up partially to fix the pillow, when I did I saw that Stacy laid facing us, with her eyes closed and an obvious smile on her face.
I wondered... Who had she been talking to while we fucked?
We never talked about it, because I think she wanted it to be her secret, but I always wondered; was it the porn star Sarah? Or was there a bi-sexual Sarah I hadn't yet met?
After college we married, we went to Rome for our honeymoon and saw as much of Rome as you can from the airport to the hotel and the hotel to the airport. We stayed in our room the entire time, leaving only long enough for the maids to tidy up.
Our careers began. It was easy for me. I started in a field that wasn't saturated with talent so I moved up quickly.
Sarah had a tougher time... Advertising... She had to fight for every internship, P.A. position and copy writing spot, but she did finally land her dream job.
That was when things changed for us.
She had been beyond excited to be working at the agency that she had dreamed about and worked so hard to get into. The people were cool, and the atmosphere was cut-throat (which she had become accustomed to). She moved up quickly, but I think perhaps she had underestimated the people around her.
One day during a brainstorming session she used her porn star voice and uttered a double ent that made everyone laugh. However two hours later she found herself sitting with the Human Resources director being read the riot act for creating an 'uncomfortable work environment'. Three co workers complained, as it turns out, all of them were people that Sarah had beat out for promotions on her meteoric ascent. Sarah was introduced to the concept of 3rd party sexual harassment when a woman who wasn't in the room, but heard about it from a co-worker felt so traumatized by the situation that she reported it. The woman had been Sarah's supervisor but now worked under Sarah.
Sarah was put on 'probation' and had to attend sensitivity training.
She was crushed.
Almost immediately I saw the change. She didn't laugh as freely, her jokes weren't as funny, she didn't speak her mind as much, and she now dreaded the brainstorming sessions that used to be her favorite part of advertising.
Worst of all it affected our sex life.
She was no longer the vixen I had married, before long we went from sex three to five days a week, to one day a week, then once a month. Missionary position and Cowgirl were about all we'd do, and when I would bring her close to an orgasm, or a point where she might lose a little control, she'd pull back.
When we talked about it, we'd fight which would make things worse.
I didn't like thinking about those times.
Our company was going through a merger. We were hosting a meeting for reps from the other company to begin the 'what stays and what goes' conversation. As soon as the elevator opened I saw a tall blonde athletic woman step into the office. From across the room I was certain it was Sarah's old room mate Stacy.
I hadn't seen her since they graduated and she seemed to have dropped off the map. I couldn't believe the coincidence.
She was turned away from me when I stepped up. I stuck out my hand and said "Stacy!"
She turned and I immediately saw that it was a close match but it wasn't her.
She took my hand and said "Hi Stacy, I'm Gwen".
Two things happened at that moment. One, I realized she thought my name was Stacy, and two, her name was Gwen. The only other person I knew named Gwen was an angry old woman who both babysat me AND was a substitute teacher at my school. She terrorized my entire childhood, and to this day the name 'Gwen' hits me like a clockwork orange conditioning experiment.
I recovered my senses and explained the confusion. Gwen took it in stride and I excused myself.
I went back to my office for some paperwork then headed over to the conference room. I was the first there, I took my usual seat near the door. From behind me I heard Gwen's voice.
"These are pretty nice offices, I can tell right away we won't be keeping much from our place." Gwen said.
She stepped over and took the seat next to mine.
That started the friendship that grew into something more.
It was the typical story of working late in close quarters then going home to a wife who was distant and at best tolerant of my advances.
Gwen had the ability to make people talk about themselves, even if they didn't want to. I caught myself on several occasions revealing more about myself than was proper. She had, after several weeks coaxed the whole sordid tale out of me.
One evening the whole engineering team had an end of day meeting. Things weren't going well and I was afraid we were going to miss a launch date. I blew up at the entire team, something I had never done before. I had always prided myself on always looking for a solution, but this was a full blown rant. When I finally caught myself I took a breath, apologized and told everyone to go home and that we'd start fresh the next day. Everyone just about stampeded trying to get out of the room.
"Well, that sucked" Gwen's voice surprised me.
"I know, I know. You should go home" I said, standing.
"You sure? I don't mind staying if it'll help." Gwen said.
I said "no thanks," and headed for the conference room door. Before I reached the door, Gwen shut it.
I thought for a moment that she was going to give me a talking to about my rant.
Instead she stepped close, which I always found surprising since she was almost my height. Wordlessly she grabbed my crotch. My whole body jerked and I instinctively side-stepped toward the closed door.
"I know exactly what happened here tonight, and I know how to fix it." Gwen stated matter of fac.
I was near the door and I protested, but she pushed me with surprising finesse so that my back was against the closed door. Now that I knew what was going on I felt blood rush to my genitals. I had never actually considered fucking Gwen, even though she had been the subject of dozens of shower masturbation fantasies. Her hand went to my crotch again. I didn't flinch (much) and she could feel my growing erection.
The conference room had a glass wall separating it from the main office. There were shades but they were open. The door was solid so we weren't visible to the main room, but there were still people gathering things and leaving.
Gwen stood close to me and massaged my crotch feeling the erection grow. With amazing dexterity she was able to unzip my pants and get her hand into my boxers. The feel of a warm willing hand on my cock was amazing. I closed my eyes and rested my head against the door, knowing it was wrong, but quickly letting that feeling go. Gwen pulled my cock through the zipper and continued to stroke it to full size, which didn't take very long.
She knelt down before me and took the head of my cock into her mouth. It seemed like ages since I'd felt that and I moaned quietly. Gwen swirled her tongue around the head, her warm firm tongue exploring the size and shape of my dick. Soon she was stroking me and taking more and more of my rod into her hot mouth. I felt my hip pivot towards her and I put my hands on her head. She knocked my hands away and pulled my cock out.
"don't mess up my hair, people will know" She said. Then went right back to working my cock into her mouth.
I was excited and nervous. There was a chance we'd be caught and that heightened the excitement. Keeping my hands off her became increasingly difficult as she moved her mouth on my cock. Then I felt my cockhead hit the back of Gwen's throat.
My wife had a terrible gag reflex and had never taken me deep enough to feel what I was feeling now.
Gwen stopped stroking my shaft and put her hands on my hips. I heard her inhale, and then slowly force my hard dick down her throat. I could feel resistance, and she would stop and move back, lubing my cock with her spit, then she'd go down again. Breath, push, hold. Then I felt her throat swallow the head of my cock. I cried out a bit, she slid me out and shushed me, then went back down again. This time she swallowed and I watch my cock disappear all the way into her mouth until her nose was buried into my pelvis. She stayed there for what seemed like an impossibly long time swallowing my cock and holding herself tight against me. Then she slid off, caught her breath, smiled at me and went down again. This time I passed into her throat more easily. I squeezed my ass cheeks and thrust as much as I could inside her as she pulled herself again to me burying her face against me. As she released for the next breath she stroked my cock. She stroked it hard and fast, with a purpose , her free hand went to my balls and kneaded them roughly.
She looked up at me and said "I want you to cum for me. Cum in my mouth, I want to taste you." Then she took me deep again.
I felt her throat swallowing and I felt myself rushing to the cliffs edge. My muscles tightened and I let myself go.
I squeezed my ass cheeks tight and felt an eruption like I hadn't felt in ages. I felt Gwen's throat working to take the load, she pulled back taking the second stream into her mouth as she stroked me furiously. I was on fire, I felt sweat rise all over me. It was all I could do to keep my hands from her head. wave upon wave of electric pulses and muscular spasm passed over me.
As they faded I became aware of Gwen sucking and swallowing my load, then sucking and spit washing my cock, finally when I had softened, she put my dick away and zipped me up.
She stood close to me and said "Now go home and get some sleep."
I hadn't slept that well in ages.
I had the regret spiral, of hating myself then hating Gwen, then hating my wife, then hating myself, but it always ended with a meeting with Gwen which was like a toxic medicine that cured me of the symptoms but poisoned my system.
Soon after Gwen left the company. Later that year I moved to another firm as well. We kept a regular meeting. Never contacting each other outside of that time.
It was after one of our mid day meetings that Gwen said she believed that I loved my wife (which I had begun to question) and she just wished there was some way she could help me get back what we had.
I said. "Maybe you could remind her how to enjoy sex", jokingly.
She said "Maybe I could", seriously.
That was how the plan was hatched to have my lover seduce my wife.
I pulled into the driveway as the memories of what got me here settled in place. I thought for a moment hoping I had addressed most of the gaps in memory that the voices cried out for.
Am I a fucked up asshole for cheating on my wife? Yes.
Am I a sick person for being turned on by the thought of my lover seducing my wife? Maybe.
Am I going to see this thing through regardless of the outcome?
Yeah, I am.