"Are you ready, honey?" I asked my girlfriend Anna.
"Almost. Just have a few more items." She said, walking back into the bedroom.
Anna and I decided to go on a camping trip this weekend. We needed an escape from normal life, and we both loved the outdoors. Specifically, we both loved getting into the mountains, doing some day-trip backpacking. The two of us being together in the middle of nowhere, with no one else around for miles, was so freeing.
Once Anna had finished her packing, we hopped into the Jeep and headed to the hills. We lived about an hour away from the mountains, and along the way, Anna and I kept flirting with each other, describing what we wanted to do while away from the world.
"I want you to fuck me in the middle of a field, doggy-style, while pulling my hair." Anna said, her hand stroking the jean material separating her fingers from her mound.
"I want you to suck my dick while I eat your pussy." I told her. My cock was pressing against my jeans, my excitement building. This dirty talk was very exciting and was only turning me on more and more as we drove down the back-country road.
"Mmm. That sounds great, baby." Anna said, her hand moving over to my thigh. She began sliding her fingers up and down, tracing the outline of my cock. "Or, I could suck your dick right now, and suck it later. How does that sound?"
"Well, you can't complain about that." I said. Anna unbuttoned my jeans and pulled my cock out. I kept one hand on the steering wheel but moved the other to the back of Anna's head, guiding it down to my lap. Anna took my cock in her mouth and bobbed up and down. I grabbed a handful of her hair and followed her heads movement.
"Oh, fuck, Anna," I said, her lips sliding down my shaft, "Fuck, I'm gonna cum soon."
This statement only spurred on her movements. Anna increased her pace, and only a minute later I was cresting the wave of pleasure. I came into Anna's mouth, unloading me seed down her throat. Anna took all of it, and once my load had left my body, Anna sat up and gulped, swallowing my load.
"That was fun." She said.
"Yes, that was, baby." I replied, my orgasm still pulsing through my body. Anna loved giving head to me while I drive, and I love receiving it. Nothing better to do while travelling, plus it gave me time to recover for the next round when we arrive at our destination.
We continued down the road, the scenery turning from buildings and houses to trees and fields. We reached a spot in the middle of nowhere where the road turned from pavement to gravel, indicating we were approaching our destination. We continued up the old logging road, a road that was abandoned years ago due to the area being cleared. The road turned into an un-maintained road, with potholes everywhere and rocks and fallen trees all over the place. I shifted the Jeep into 4-wheel drive and cruised up the road, running over the small trees that had fallen during the most recent storm.
We found our way to a very secluded clearing up in the hills, with no sign of others in the area. I stopped the Jeep and hopped out, Anna following suit. We setup a small camp, with a tent, two chairs and a firepit, and once setup, we left the campsite, going on a hike into the wilderness.
We had been walking for a half hour or so when Anna, sweating from the heat of the day, pulled her shirt off and put it in the daypack I was carrying. Her beautiful, 36 C tits sprang from the fabric previously enclosing them. I took an extra second admiring the view before removing my own shirt. I placed our clothes inside the daypack I was carrying.
"You look so sexy, baby." I told Anna, her perfect breasts standing tall in the warm summer sun, her khaki shorts hugging her waist closely, accentuating her bubble butt. I let her lead the way for a bit longer, until we found a clearing in the woods.
"This is it, baby. I want it right here." Anna said as she pulled her khaki shorts and panties down, revealing her pubis to me. Anna kept herself very clean, but always left just a bit of hair on her mound, as to remind me that she is a grown woman. I followed suit, pulling my shorts and boxers down, allowing my cock to soak up the sun. I was already growing hard, but the next move Anna made secured my erection.
Anna moved in front of me and grabbed my cock with her hand, stroking it up and down. She leaned into me, placing her head on my chest. Biting her lip, she looked up to me. I moved my head down, my lips landing on hers. We kissed each other for a brief moment, until Anna pulled away, turned around, and bent over in front of me.
"Fuck me, baby. Fuck me right now." She stated.
Not wanting to disappoint, I spit in my hand and coated my cock, making entry much smoother. I pressed my cockhead against her opening, sliding inside her pussy with ease.
"That's it, baby. Fuck me. Fuck my pussy!" Anna screamed.
I increased my pace, almost slamming my cock deep inside her. I could feel my balls bouncing off her mound, exciting both of us even more.
"Ohh... Yeah... Ohh... Ohh... OHH!!" moaned Anna, her orgasm fast approaching.
"Yeah, baby? You like that? You want my dick, do you?" I said, grabbing a handful of her hair and pulling back.
"Oh, Yes, baby! Give me your dick! Give it to me! OOOOOHHH!!"
Anna's pussy clenched down hard on my cock, her pussy convulsing from the pleasure. I rode my girlfriend through her orgasm, not letting it secede. Her orgasm lasted until she took a step forward, sliding my cock from her depths.
"Fuck, baby," Anna gasped, "I didn't think I was going to stop coming."
"That's what I was going for." I quipped back.
"Well, that's my fantasy down. We need to complete your fantasy. You said you wanted to eat me out while I sucked your dick, right?"
"Yes, ma'am. That is what I said."
"Then let's find the location for this."
We left the field of which we just fucked, heading further into the woods. Neither of us put our clothes back on. We just kept our shoes in place. We both walked naked for some time before discovering a small cave against a good size cliff.
"Hey Anna, how about here?" I asked, liking the cave and surrounding area.
"Looks good to me, baby." She replied.
I set down the day pack and opened the main compartment. I packed a light blanket inside, so I pulled it out and laid it down on the rocky ground.
"Lay down, baby," Anna told me. I followed instruction, placing my backside on the blanket. Anna climbed on top of me, her bare pussy pressing against my cock. She ground her hips into me, making my cock grow yet again. Once my cock was hard and ready, anna pushed me to my back, stood up, and turned around, lowering her pussy down to my face.
"Eat my pussy, baby." Anna ordered.
I followed her direction and dove right in. I pressed my tongue against her pussy lips, parting them with a bit of pressure. I slid my tongue up her folds to her clit, licking it in small circles. I focused my energy trying to bring her to climax, but my attention started to drift when I felt a warm wetness enveloping my cock.
"Mmm... Fuck..." I said into Anna's pussy.
Anna was sliding her tongue up and down my shaft, coating my cock in her saliva. She wrapped her hand around the base of my shaft and began pumping, urging my cock to explode. She then took my cock in her mouth, allowing it to slide as deep as she could take it.
I continued my work on her clit, then moved down to her folds to lap up the fluids her body was creating. I could feel my orgasm building, and so could Anna, as she had started increasing her pace on my dick.
"Oh, fuck, baby," Anna said as she pulled my cock from her mouth, stroking it with her hand, "I'm cumming again!"
Suddenly, Anna started unloading her pleasure onto my face. I felt a very warm fluid flowing down my cheeks. Anna was squirting directly into my mouth. I thought her juices would never stop flowing, and she was covering me with her cum. I was so overwhelmed with the sight and taste before me that I lost control, Anna's hand pumping my cock harder and harder as she continued to orgasm.
"That's it, baby. Cum for me!" Anna exclaimed, her hand rapidly encouraging my cock to blow. I let my load escape me, and sent ropes of cum into her mouth, which was hovering just above my cock, willingly accepting my gift to her.
Anna took her final strokes on my shaft, slowing down as my orgasm subsided. We were both completely exhausted, so Anna turned around and collapsed on my chest. We laid in the shade provided by the cave for some time, drifting off to sleep in the mid-day heat.
We both woke a short time later, our nap revitalizing our bodies. We packed up the blanket and walked back to the camp, stopping at a small lake we had passed on the way up.
"I'm gonna wash off really quick, babe." I told Anna, heading down to the shore.
"That's a great idea. I could use a quick dip."
We entered the water, warmed from the day's sun, and rubbed our hands over each other's bodies, simultaneously removing our recent sex and initiating the next.
"Touch my pussy, baby," Anna told me, "I want to feel your finger inside me."
Following her request, I slid my hand down her stomach, over her mound, and to her lips. I pressed my middle finger to her folds, sliding one finger inside her. I curled my finger in, pressing on the spot inside her that provides her pleasure.
"Mmm, yeah baby. Right there." Anna said.
I continued finger-fucking Anna's pussy, bringing her to climax while we continued to touch each other bodies under the water. After Anna had come, I slid my finger from inside her and grabbed her by the hips, lifting her up and into me. She wrapped her legs around me, pressing her crotch into mine. I could feel the heat emanating from her vagina, her post-orgasm blood flow warming my cock.
"Someone's cock is growing." Anna stated, feeling my member pressing against her.
"I wonder why? Maybe it's because I have a beautiful naked woman pressing her body against me?" I returned.
Anna planted her lips against mine, wrapping her arms around my neck. We shared a passionate kiss with each other for a while, enjoying each other's company and bodies in the beautiful surroundings.
After we finished kissing and wiping down each other's bodies (paying special attention to the nether regions), we left the small lake and returned to our camp. Dusk was approaching, so I went around and gathered some wood for a fire while Anna prepared the food we had brought with us. Once the fire was lit, we both grabbed our chairs and sat around the fire, roasting our food over the open flame.
"I love kebabs," Anna said as she spun her meat, potatoes, mushrooms and bell peppers over the heat, "Just what we need after a hard day's work."
I smiled at that last comment, knowing by 'work' she meant all-out fucking in the woods. We continued roasting our meal, and once done cooking, we sat around the fire eating and drinking.
"Oh, baby. I am so full." I told Anna, slumping back into my camp chair.
"Me too. Good food, good beer, great company. Life couldn't be better right now."
"Here, here, baby."
We sat around the fire until well after dark, holding hands and chatting about anything and everything. Every now and then, I would get up and stoke the fire, Anna grabbing some more drinks while I tended it.
We finished another beer and decided to head into the tent to turn in. Once inside, we stripped off our clothes and climbed under the covers of our sleeping bag, which I had zipped together to form one large sleeping bag. I wrapped my arm around Anna, giving her a shoulder to lie down on. She placed her arm on my chest, fidgeting with my chest hair and sliding her hand up and down my body. While she entertained herself with my chest, I slid my hand that was behind her to just above her ass. Anna noticed this and slid her hips back a bit to allow my hand to reach her round cheeks.
Anna then slid her hand down my chest and stomach, wrapping her hand around my cock. She began stroking it slowly, encouraging my cock to grow. I fumbled with her ass for a time, taking in the sensations I was feeling. My cock, now rock hard, started leaking some pre-cum from the tip. Anna felt this and used it as lube to aid in her stroking.
"Oh, baby. That feels so fucking good." I said, enjoying her hand wrapped around my shaft.
"Yeah? You like it, huh? You want me keep going? Do you want to cum already?" She asked.
My breathing became much heavier, her words encouraging me. Anna felt my chest rising higher and higher, so she increased her speed and grip on my cock. My orgasm approached before I knew it.
"Oh, fuck. I'm coming!" I announced.
Anna reacted to my announcement by dropping her head under the sleeping bag and wrapping her lips around my tip, accepting my load into her mouth. I filled her mouth with cum, and once I had finished, she moved back up and looked directly into my eyes while swallowing my load.
Completely spent from the three orgasms I had that day, I drifted off to sleep within minutes. Anna was right behind me, her mind ceasing all activity. We slept in the woods through the night, reveling in the life we were sharing together.
The End