I want to thank all those who have sent me email messages encouraging me to tell more of this story. If I haven't returned an email to you yet, I will soon. Again, thank you for all your kind comments.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Please read the previous chapters to this story so you will know what everyone has been up to.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
This story was written to entertain and reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Meanwhile, Mike and Sarah were just pulling up in front of Brandi's house. Mike beeped the horn and Brandi came running out of the house. When she got to the car she opened the back door on Mike's side and jumped in.
Once in the car Brandi breathlessly exclaimed, "OH MY GOD! I can't believe I agreed to do this."
"Brandi if you don't think you can handle being nude while babysitting today, just say the word now before we leave. We don't want you to do anything you aren't comfortable doing." Sarah said to her sister.
Brandi thought for a few seconds before finally saying, "I want to do this. I want to babysit but I am very nervous about being naked and other people seeing me."
Mike put his car in reverse and backed out of the driveway and headed down the street. Next stop was going to be Julie's house.
Brandi and Sarah were catching up on some recent events in both of their lives when Brandi sat forward and leaned over the back of the front seat. Looking down Brandi saw Sarah's bald pussy and noticed her sister was only wearing a bra.
Brandi exclaimed, "HOLY FUCKING SHIT Sarah you're almost naked! What the fuck are you doing sis?"
Sarah smiled sweetly at her excited sister and said, "Mike and I are now living as nudists and since I've learned to enjoy being nude, I thought I would try it in the car. I have on my bra so people outside our car won't know I am almost naked. They'll think I am wearing my bikini."
Sarah continued saying, "I'm not the only one bottomless in this car."
"You're not telling me Mike doesn't have any pants on either, are you?" Brandi excitedly exclaimed.
"There's only one way to find out for sure. If you are brave enough, lean over the seat further and check it out for yourself." Sarah said with a sly smile on her face.
"Sarah, Mike is your boyfriend I'm not supposed to be looking at his cock." Brandi said.
Sarah turned around in her seat looking directly at Brandi she said, "When we get home, not only is Mike going to see your cute little tits and pussy, he is going to be completely naked and you will see his cock all afternoon. So you might as well get used to seeing his cock now."
"Look at this Brandi, his cock is rock hard and standing straight up." Sarah said as she reached into Mike's lap and started stroking him.
"Are you sure you want me to see his cock?" Brandi queried once again.
Sarah affirmed Brandi's question by saying, "Slid across the seat so you can see his cock better."
As Mike drove down the street Sarah continued to stroke Mike's cock, proudly showing it off to her sister.
Sarah finally said, "You know Brandi, since you've got to be naked when we get home, you can take off your shorts and shirt and sit in the car in your bra and panties.
Brandi slid back in the seat and blushed tremendously as she contemplated what Sarah had just said to her.
"We have to stop and pick up Julie. Matt and Donna are hiring both of you to watch Kim. If you don't want to join us at the party, you can keep each other company and watch movies in the master bedroom. Of course both of you are welcome to join us at the party. We will be spending a lot of time in the pool." Sarah informed Brandi.
Sarah explained to Brandi, "Matt and Donna have house rules and the most important one that everyone must observe is you have to be nude within ten minutes after you arrive or you have to leave. If you stay at their house you have to remain naked until you are ready to leave.
"That's why I said you should practice and take off your shirt and shorts now while we are in the car and you can get used to us seeing more of you than you would normally show." Sarah tried to reason with Brandi.
Brandi looked at Sarah and tried to reason with her saying, "But Sarah, Mike is your boyfriend and I shouldn't be undressed in his presence."
Mike interrupted saying, "Brandi you don't realize, when we get to Matt's house, you are going to have to strip naked and remain naked while you are babysitting. Their house rule is EVERYONE you included, must be nude while you're there. When we arrive, I am going to see you nude so it won't matter when you take your clothes off."
Mike asked Brandi, "Do you still want to babysit knowing that I and everyone else at Matt's house are going to see your naked body?"
Mike continued saying, "Now's the time to make up your mind because I can take you back home if you are uncomfortable with the whole idea. We don't want to sound like we're forcing you to do anything you don't want to do."
Brandi thought about it for a few minutes as they rode towards Julie's house before saying, "I guess you're going to see my body so I might as well get used to it."
Sarah asked, "Are you sure you want to do this because Mike and I have adopted Matt and Donna's policy, no definitely means no, so we don't want you to do anything you aren't comfortable doing."
Brandi said, "I've made up my mind, I want to go with you guys and I want to babysit for Kim. If I have to be naked then so be it. It's just strange letting your boyfriend see my tits and my bald pussy."
Sarah lovingly asked her sister, "Do you want me to get in the back seat with you and help you take off your shorts and shirt?"
Brandi looked out the window and asked Sarah, "How are you going to get back here without people on the street seeing that you don't have panties on?"
Sarah replied, "I don't care if someone sees me without my panties. Since we have been living as nudist, many people have seen my completely naked body. I am proud of my body and I don't mind who sees it."
Brandi shyly asked, "Sarah, um.... would you come back here and help me?"
Sarah looked around and seeing only a few people on the street near their car she turned in her seat and lifted her left leg over the seat briefly exposing her spread open pussy to the world.
Once Sarah was successfully in the back seat Brandi gasped as she looked out the window at the guy standing on the sidewalk staring at the car. Brandi said, "That guy over there just saw your pussy!"
Sarah turned and waved out the window as Mike continued driving down the street.
Sarah turned to Brandi and asked, "Do you want to take off all your clothes or only your shorts and shirt."
Shyly Brandi said, "I trust you Sarah, you can take off whatever you want."
"How about we start with your shorts, shirt and panties?" Sarah asked Brandi.
Brandi moved so Sarah had full access to her clothed body.
Sarah reached out and pulled the hem of Brandi's shirt up and Brandi automatically raised her arms to allow Sarah the ability to pull her shirt off.
Sarah wasted no time at all discarding the shirt and moving her hands to the button of Brandi's shorts. After managing to unbutton the shorts she pulled the on the zipper tab and unzipped Brandi's shorts. Brandi nervously raised her ass up off the seat to allow Sarah to pull her shorts down the length of her long tanned legs.
Brandi sat with her arms crossed across her chest even though she still had her bra on.
Mike broke the moment when he announced, "We are almost to Julie's house."
Sarah reached out and stroked the crotch of Brandi's panties and noticed she had a damp spot forming. Sarah winked at her sister and asked, "Does it excite you to knowing you are doing something naughty?"
Brandi nervously whispered, "Yes, it excites me a lot and I feel a funny tingling down there."
Just as Mike was pulling into Julie's driveway, Sarah leaned forward and said, "Let's get these off you, pick up your butt."
Brandi lifted her ass off the seat just as Mike turned around after blew the horn for Julie to come out. He watched as Sarah reached for the waistband of Brandi's panties and started to pull them down."
At first Brandi had her eyes closed but when she opened them the first thing she saw was Mike staring at her, watching her sister pull her panties down, exposing her pussy to her boyfriend's eyes for the first time.
Brandi gasped, "OH MY GOD, Mike's looking!"
Sarah glanced over her shoulder and smiled at Mike and continued to pull Brandi's panties until she had them around her feet. Brandi had to bend her knees and let her legs open so Sarah could remove her panties completely. Suddenly she realized her legs were spread open and Mike was able to view her most private part.
No one was paying attention until Julie opened the passenger door and looked in the back seat.
Julie let out a little screech and yelled, "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TWO DOING?"
Mike calmly looked at his sister and said, "Julie please get in the car and compose yourself, I'll explain it to you but don't make a scene here."
Hesitantly, Julie sat down in the seat while glancing over her shoulder at the two naked females in the back seat.
By the time Mike put his car in reverse and started backing out of the driveway, both Sarah and Brandi were sitting up in the seat but out of sight to anyone on the street. Once in the street Mike started driving. Mike made sure he stayed within the speed limit so he wouldn't get pulled over.
Julie turned in her seat and while looking at Sarah she asked, "What's going on why are you and your sister almost naked in a car in the middle of town?"
Sarah looked at Julie and simply said, "Brandi is practicing before we get home."
Julie looked at Mike for the first time and asked, "What's Sarah talking about?"
Suddenly Julie noticed Mike's hard cock standing straight up and Julie shrieked, "WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH YOU PEOPLE?"
Julie looked in the back seat just as Sarah reached behind Brandi and unhooked her bra and drew it forward off her shoulders and down her arms. Brandi momentarily covered she small tits and then put her hands down and sat in seat completely naked.
Sarah leaned forward and turned her back towards Brandi asking, "Would you please unhook my bra for me?" Brandi unhooked Sarah's bra, Sarah let it fall away from her chest and after folding her bra so the cups were together, she put it on the seat beside her.
Julie looked at Sarah and then at Mike before Mike said, "Julie, jump over the seat and get in the back with Sarah and Brandi."
Julie sat in her seat, looking around wide eyed with her mouth dropped open after hearing Mike ask her to get in the back seat with two naked girls.
After a brief delay Julie asked, "Can't I stay right here in the front seat while you tell me what's going on?"
"Ok Julie, if you want to sit up here, then I suggest you take off your shorts and shirt before I tell you." Mike said.
"Mike, I can't take off my clothes in front of you, you're my brother!" Julie said with some nervous vibration in her voice.
Mike looked at Julie and caught her staring at his cock. He smiled to himself and waited for Julie to look up into his face.
After a few seconds of complete silence Julie looked up into her brother's face and blushed immediately knowing that she'd been caught staring at her brother's cock.
"Did you see anything you liked?" Mike asked with a broad smile across his face.
Julie's embarrassment made the skin on her face glow bright red being caught staring.
Julie again looked in the back seat and noticed Sarah and Brandi had moved towards the middle and they were now sitting side by side holding hands.
Turning back around in her seat Julie once again looked at her brother and asked, "Why do you want me to take off my shorts and shirt?"
"Julie, you know Sarah and I have an apartment outside of town, right?" Mike asked.
Julie said, "Yes, but what's that got to do with the two naked females in the back seat and you sitting here only in a half tee shirt with your hard cock standing up straight?"
"Sarah and I are and have been living as nudists since we moved into the studio apartment by Matt and Donna." Mike stated.
Julie took Mike's comment in stride and asked, "Yeah well, what does that have to do with me."
"Mike, I'm your sister and sisters don't take their clothes off in front of their brothers." Julie tried to reason with Mike.
Continuing Julie said, "Normally a girlfriend doesn't let her sister take her clothes off when her boyfriend is in the same room or car."
"I can't take my clothes off in front of you Mike. It's not right to let you see my body. Besides you already have a hard cock from seeing Brandi naked." Julie said.
Mike saw a vacant lot up the street and there weren't any pedestrians walking on the street so he pulled over to the curb and put the car in park and shut off the engine.
Turning to Julie Mike once again asked, "Julie, please take off your shirt and shorts."
Sarah finally broke her silence saying, "Julie if you come back here, Brandi and I will help you take off your clothes."
Brandi giggled and said, "Sitting here completely naked is the weirdest yet most exciting thing I've ever done."
Julie stated, "I've never even let Mike see me in my bra and panties before, how can I possibly let him see me naked?"
"It's not right for a brother to see his sister naked." Julie continued.
Mike said, "I know Julie but when we get to Matt and Donna's house, they have a house rule and anyone who comes to their house, no matter the reason, they have to be nude within ten minutes or they have to leave. Even you as the babysitter will have to be naked once we get to the house."
"Even Brandi too?" Julie asked.
"Yes, even your brother will be completely naked when we are home." Sarah said from the back seat.
"OH MY GOD, what kind of house is that place you live?" Julie exclaimed.
Sarah quietly said, "Everyone who lives there including Mike and I are nudists. We do all the things you normally do around your home with the exception we don't wear clothes when we are at home."
Smiling Sarah added, "It saves on doing laundry all the time."
"So that means my brother and everyone else there is going to see me naked and I won't be able to cover myself with anything?" Julie asked.
Mike spoke up and said, "Yes Julie, all of us are going to see you naked and you are going to see everyone else's naked body."
Mike turned in his seat and faced his sister and asked Julie, "Are you sure you want to go with us, I can take you home if you don't want to be seen naked or see us naked."
"You don't have to worry while you are at our house, no means no and I'll promise no one will do anything to you unless you agree to let it happen." Mike said to Julie.
Julie looked at Mike with pleading eyes and asked, "But Mike, I don't know if I can let you see me in my bra and panties much less being completely naked."
Mike reassured Julie, "We are not going to force you to do anything you don't want to do. I only want you to realize Matt and Donna have their house rule and anyone who doesn't abide by their house rule, has to leave. That means you won't be able to babysit for them if you aren't willing to be naked."
Mike continued saying, "It's up to you Julie, all you have to do is say the word and I'll take you back home and nothing more will be said and there won't be any hard feelings between us. I will always love you."
With moisture in her eyes Julie looked at Mike and said, "Mike, that means you will see all of me and I'm not sure I can show you my tits and pussy."
Brandi leaned forward and put her hand on Julie's shoulder saying, "This is the first time for me to. Both Sarah and Mike have promised nothing would happen to me."
"If you want to try being naked before we get there and if you find you don't like it, I'm sure Mike will take you back home." Brandi continued in a soft voice.
Julie sat in her seat a few seconds before she reached down and undid the snap and zipper on her shorts. She looked around the car at Mike and then at Sarah and Brandi before inserting her thumbs into the waistband and started to push them down her legs towards her feet. She hesitated briefly to pull her panties back up when they started down her legs with her shorts.
Once her shorts were at her feet she bent forward and pulled them off and placed them on the seat beside her. Julie leaned back in the seat and looked out the window at the people on the street.
Julie turned and while looking directly at Mike, she heard Sarah say, "Julie take off your shirt."
Julie looked back at Sarah and Brandi and said, "I don't know why I'm doing this but all I can think of is I'm fucking nuts like the rest of you."
After saying that, Julie again looked around nervously to check for people on the street before she pulled the hem of her shirt up. Before uncovering her bra, Julie slouched in her seat so only her head showed above the bottom of the window. Julie quickly pulled her shirt over her head and dropped it on top of her shorts.
She turned her head towards Mike and said, "There, I'm only wearing my panties and bra now."
Mike reached across the seat and hooked his finger in the waistband of his sister's panties and tried to pull them down but Julie brushed his hand away.
"I'm really nervous sitting here in my bra and panties." Julie clearly stated to everyone in the car.
Mike looked at his sister and said, "Julie if you really want to put your shirt and shorts on, go ahead, we don't want you to do anything you really don't want to do."
"I'm covered both top and bottom as if I had a bikini bathing suit on so I guess I can ride like this for a while longer." Julie said.
Looking at Mike, Julie asked, "Can you tell me why you are sitting here without any pants on?"
Sarah leaned forward and put her folded arms on the top of the front seat before saying, "Mike and I had a dare session before leaving the house this morning and we kind of expanded our dare session once we were in the car."
Julie asked, "So what did you dare each other to do?"
Mike spoke up saying, "Sarah was going to wear a bikini to town and I said she should wear her new black thong panties and a bra instead of her bikini. Then Sarah challenged me to wear only my new Speedo briefs and this half tee shirt."
Brandi and Julie giggled as Julie asked, "Where are her panties now?"
"That's what I'm trying to tell you, once we were in the car, I dared Sarah to ride completely naked but we compromised on the dare and came up with daring each other to ride bottomless. I took off my Speedos and Sarah took off her panties. If you reach under the corner of your seat you will find my Speedo briefs. I have her panties over here tucked under my seat." Mike snickered.
Sarah injected, "I added, once we took off our clothes, we had to remain naked while we picked both of you up and until we got to the store where both of us were going in to buy something."
Julie asked, "So both of you are going into some store naked?
Mike corrected Julie saying, "No, we are going to put on the clothes we left home in. I am going to wear my Speedo briefs and Sarah is only going to wear her panties and bra into the store."
Julie exclaimed, "WOW, that fucking hot! This is starting to get interesting, I want to see both of you go into the store that way."
Mike snapped his head around towards Julie and asked, "Are you the same girl who moments ago was worried about me seeing you naked?"
Julie smiled and said, "Mike, I'm nervous as hell sitting here in my bra and panties worried about being stopped and taken to jail. However I do have an adventurous side of me, I'm just not sure I want to let you see me naked."
Mike looked at his sister and asked, "Are you going into the store with us wearing only your bra and panties?"
Suddenly Julie realized Mike was serious, could she walk into a store in just her underwear? Julie looked down and saw she had selected blue cotton bikini panties and her plain white cotton bra today but never in her wildest dreams did she think she would be showing them off to anyone. Could she walk into a store with her brother and his girlfriend wearing only her blue cotton panties and plain white bra?
Julie's concentration was broken when Brandi leaned forward in her seat saying, "I'll go in the store wearing only my bra and panties if you will Julie."
Sarah said, "Mike we have to think about getting back to the house soon so find a store where we can complete our dare."
Mike looked up in the mirror and saw Sarah's face. He smiled and said, "Ok baby, I know you can't wait to show off that hot body of yours."
Being a pizza delivery person, Mike was familiar with most of the city and he knew about a little convenience store in a quiet neighborhood they could go. He had been in the store a few times and knew an older couple owned and operated it. Mike headed towards that store.
When he pulled into the parking lot of the store he noticed there were two other cars there. He pulled around to the side of the building and parked. An air of nervousness spread through the car as everyone knew the time had arrived.
Sarah asked Mike, "Will you please hand me my panties?"
As Mike reached under the seat on his side he looked at Julie and asked, "Would you please pull my Speedos out from under your side of the seat?"
Mike handed Sarah her panties before reaching out his hand to his sister for his Speedo briefs.
Julie watched the other three people in the car put on the couple articles of clothing they had with them. She watched Sarah adjust her tits inside her bra three times before she was satisfied. Sarah had to make sure her nipples were hidden behind the lace flowers in her bra.
Brandi lifted her ass off the seat and adjusted the front of French cut her panties to make sure the material was spread smoothly across her pubic area and not bunched up.
Mike had to turn sideway and stretch his feet out toward the passenger side so he could pull his Speedos up without getting out of the car. Once they were all the way up he had trouble tucking his hard cock into the material. He adjusted his cock a couple different times to see which way it was best to wear it. He stood it straight up but the tip of his cock peeked out over the waistband. After pushing it to the left, he noticed his cock extended over and made the Speedos bump out on his hip. He tried to push downward in the middle of his cock to make it curl but having a hard-on his cock wasn't going to bend at all. He made one final adjustment and pulled his cock back up towards the waistband but pointed it towards the left.
Julie looked down and spread her legs. She saw her panties were bunched in the center of her crotch so she put her fingers into the legs bands and stretched the material tight across her pubic area before releasing it.
Everyone was silent and after getting dressed and they sat quietly looking at each other.
Mike broke the silence when he said, "Clothes check!"
He continued with, "Shirt or bra?"
Everyone said, "Check!"
Then he asked, "Panties or Speedos?"
Everyone a bit louder called out, "Check!"
Finally Mike called out, "Sandals or sneakers?"
There was a rousing "CHECK!" from everyone as all of them seemed to get into the spirit of the adventure they were about to embark on.
Mike said, "Let's go have some fun and don't worry, we have on enough clothes on that are equal to bathing suits, so don't be shy."
Mike was the first one out of the car, quickly followed by Sarah and Brandi. Julie hesitated a few seconds and then opened her door and yelled, "Let's go get em!"
The four of them walked to the front of the store and noticed there were three cars in the parking lot. They opened the door and walked in and immediately the older guy behind the counter zeroed in on the three girls with Mike.
No one said anything to them as they entered the store and the four of them headed to the back where the soda was in the coolers.
Mike asked, "Should we get some soda and chips to eat on the way home?"
The girls giggled and headed for the coolers. As they opened the door the cold air came blasting out at them and the first thing to respond was their nipples. The girls looked at each other's chest and started giggling all over again.
Their friendly banter wasn't missed by the older man at the counter. The store was small enough where he could hear regular conversation even from the back of the store. People came into the store to pay for their gas and then left the store.
By the time the four picked out the chips and soda they wanted, there was no one in the store except the older man and the four of them. They strolled slowly up to the counter and put their selections of soda and chips on the counter. As the older man started to ring up their selections Mike suddenly realized that he didn't bring his wallet in with him.
Mike looked at the girls and said, "I left my wallet in the car, I have to go out and get it."
The older man stopped ringing up the chips and soda and asked, "Do you mean to tell me you don't have any money with you?"
Mike looked at the older man and said, "I have money, it's just that I forgot to bring my wallet in with me."
The older man looked at Mike saying, "It seems you didn't forget to bring these half naked girls in with you, why did you forget your wallet? Were you going to try and talk me into giving you this stuff for free?"
As Mike looked at the girls he asked, "What do you mean?"
"Oh I've read stories about exhibitionists who go into store without any money and then bargain with the clerk for a trade." The older man said.
"Is that what the four of you are up to?" the older man asked.
Mike was stunned and quickly managed to sputter out, "No, No, that's not what we're doing! I have my wallet in the car and all I have to do is walk out and get it. I'm parked on the side of the store."
The older man said, "I know where you're parked, I saw when you pulled in on the monitor down here. I also saw you were naked and only put those shorts on after you parked."
Mike got very nervous at that point and asked the older man, "Are you going to report us?"
The older man scratched his chin while acting like he was thinking before saying, "Naw, I'm more interested in a show because this is the first time anyone has done this in my store. I've read plenty of exhibitionism stories and I don't know if they are true or false but with the four of you standing here half naked, I'll be willing to bargain with all of you."
Mike looked at the girls who looked nervously back at him.
Sarah broke the silence and asked the older man, "What do you have in mind?"
Again the older man scratched his chin and acting like he was thinking then said, "In the stories I've read the customer offers to get naked to get something for free."
"So let me get this straight, you don't want sex, you would be satisfied seeing all of us girls naked?" Sarah asked.
"No that's not what I said. What I said was in the stories I've read the customer or customers offer to get naked so the counter person will give them their selection for free."
"So you want all of us girls to get naked for you and you will give us what we brought up here? Sarah asked.
The older man looked at all of us and said, "I said customers. That means all of you and him included because I am bi-sexual and I wouldn't mind taking a closer look at his equipment to."
Hearing the last statement from the older man brought giggles from Julie and Brandi and finally Sarah joined them.
Mike stood there quite embarrassed looking at the girls when suddenly the older man broke the silence when he said, "My proposition is an all or nothing proposition."
"How long would we have to be naked?" Sarah asked in a quiet voice.
The older man said, "For everything here on the counter and I'll throw in a case of beer of your choosing, if all of you strip completely naked and let me inspect your naked bodies, you can be on your way in a half an hour. But if any one of you back out even if after we've started, then the deal is off."
"You can take a few minutes to talk about what you want to do." The older man said with a smile.
The four of them walked away from the counter towards the back of the store and stood whispering to each other.
Julie expressed her nervousness first saying, "I've never been naked in front of my brother much less a stranger. I don't think I can do this."
Brandi said, "He wants to inspect our bodies does that mean he wants to finger fuck us?"
Sarah took charge of the conversation saying, "Listen, Mike can go out and get his wallet and pay for what we have on the counter and we're out of here, just like that and no one will have to take anything off."
"Or we can play along and make a deal with the owner which all of us will be comfortable with. Either way, we don't have much time because we have to get back to help setting up for the party." Sarah continued saying.
Again Julie said, "Mike hasn't seen me naked how am I going to be naked for this guy?"
They were standing in a circle and Julie had her back to the front of the store. Sarah said, "We can fix that if you want Julie. Pull the front of your panties down and show Mike your pussy."
Julie looked at Brandi and Sarah before she looked at Mike who was standing across from her with a smile on his face.
"OH MY GOD I am so fucking nervous!" Julie exclaimed in a forced whispered voice.
Sarah moved so she was standing right next to Julie and Brandi moved close to Julie's left side. Sarah reached down and pulled the front of Julie's panties down far enough to expose her bald slit to Mike's eyes.
Mike immediately focused on his sister's pussy and involuntarily he licked his lips as he stared at the hairless pussy before him.
Julie was totally red with embarrassment knowing Mike of viewing her most private part for the first time in her life. About thirty seconds later Sarah pulled Julie's panties back up and covered her pussy. Everyone took a few seconds to compose themselves before discussing what would happen in the store.
There was a lively debate between the four of them before Sarah once again took charge to hammer out the final details.
She looked at each of us in turn and asked, "Are you ok with this or do you want to leave?"
Mike said, "I'll willingly do whatever you girls decide because you have more to show than me."
Brandi piped up saying, "I'm so fucking nervous but I'm in if you two are in. I'll play along after all, how bad can it be, we're almost naked now."
Julie registered her vote by saying, "I'll do it if you guys want me to. Mike has seen part of my pussy now but it still makes me very nervous at the thought of showing a complete stranger. But I guess as a group we can protect each other although I am fucking nervous as hell."
Everyone looked at Sarah who stood there for a second or two before replying, "Mike and I have grown used to being naked so I'm not worried at all as long as we have some rules for the older man to observe."
Sarah continued by saying, "Let me get this straight, all of you including myself are ok with getting naked and letting him touch us if he wants to. The most important thing for all of us is we don't want any kind of penetration. Do I have that right?"
There was a mummer of acceptance between us as each one said, "Yes."
Then Sarah asked, "For our willingness to be naked and handled, we want all the stuff we put on the counter and three cases of beer, am I correct?"
Again there was a mummer of acceptance between us as each one said, "Yes."
Finally Sarah asked, "Is there anything you can think of that we didn't cover?"
Julie spoke up and asked, "One last thing, what if someone like another customer comes into the store will we expected to let them see us to naked to?"
Sarah whispered, "We will have to work that out in the bargain. We are going to ask for more beer, so don't be surprised if he wants something more to."
Sarah asked again, "Is there anything else?"
After no one said anything the four of us moved back to the counter and looked at the older man.
Mike spoke up saying, "We have a deal for you. All of us are willing to take off what we are wearing and let you see us naked. We set our limits at no penetration of anyone of us but you can touch all of us any place you want to."
Mike continued saying, "But since there are four of us, we would like you to add two more cases of beer to our deal making that three cases of beer and all the stuff we have on the counter."
The older man rubbed his chin in thought and asked, "How do you propose to do this, are all of you going to be naked at the same time?"
Sarah answered, "Yes sir, all of us are willing to take our clothes off at the same time and if you like we can draw straws to see which one of us you are going to inspect first, second, third and fourth."
Sarah said, "We don't have a lot of time because we have to get to a party. We're expected to be there to help set up so the most we can hang out here is like a half an hour."
She continued saying, "That should be plenty of time to make your fantasy come true and we can collect some additional supplies for the party at the same time."
Looking around Sarah said, "We have one more request. We would like you to turn off your security cameras while we're naked. We don't want any tapes of us floating around the neighborhood. We live around here to and we don't want everyone to see what we are about to do just for you."
The older man realizing that his fantasy was about to come true asked, "What if a customer comes in while all of you are naked? What am I going to do then?"
Sarah confidently said, "You can shut off your gas pumps and lock your doors for the next half an hour so you can enjoy inspecting our bodies without interruption or you can hope that you don't get a burst of customers which will cause you to waste valuable time ringing up their orders and gas when you could be inspecting our naked bodies. I guess what I'm saying is this is your fantasy, do you want to share it with some nosey customers?"
The older man's eyes widened as he realized he could spend the next half hour with four naked people. He said, "Let me lock the doors and shut off the pumps, this is too good to be true."
He looked out the window and seeing no one at the gas pumps he hurried to the back room to shut them off. Then he rushed to the front of the store and turned the closed sign over and locked both doors.
The older man turned around with a smile on his face and said, "I've always read stories where the counter person talks the female out of her clothes, so I want to do that."
Sarah said, "Get six straws, cut them different lengths and hold them in your hand. We'll draw straws and the shortest goes first."
The older man was sweating as he cut the straws behind the counter and arranged them randomly in his hand with the tops being all even. He stood up and extended his hand to us.
Sarah said, "Mike since you are the only male, you draw first."
Mike drew his straw and it was fairly long.
Julie stepped up next and drew her straw which was fairly short.
Brandi drew her straw next and finally Sarah stepped up and drew a straw out of the older man's hand.
The four of them turned towards each other and compared their straw and found out Julie had the shortest straw, Sarah was next followed by Mike and Brandi had the longest straw.
The older man asked, "So who's first?"
Timidly Julie said, "I am sir."
Sarah interrupted and asked, "Did you shut off your security cameras?"
The older man looked at her sheepishly and said, "Oh, I forgot to do that, I'll go do it now."
The older man hurried down the aisle towards the back room to shut off the cameras and upon returning he said, "So, little girl, you don't have any money with you, how do you think you can buy something in my store without any money?"
Julie looked around totally embarrassed, she had not expected the older man to say anything like that.
Suddenly she heard him say, "I see you and your friends have selected many items off the shelf but you don't have any money, I guess you will just have to put it all back?"
Sarah spoke up asking, "Please sir, we are on the way to a party and we really need all of this for the party, can't we work out something? We can come back later and pay you."
The older man said, "Maybe you can leave all your clothes with me so I know you'll come back with some money."
Brandi spoke up saying in a whiney voice, "But sir, if we did that, we won't have anything else to put on and we can't go to our party completely naked."
Mike just stood there watching the girls when the older man came around his counter and stood right in front of Julie. Reaching behind Julie he unhooked her bra and instinctively Julie cupped her hands over her tits to hold the bra in place. As the older man drew the shoulder straps down Julie's arms she held the cups tight to her tits.
Tugging the bra straps the older man finally said, "Let go, I'm going to keep this in a safe place until you come back with some money for me."
Reluctantly Julie released the bra cups long enough for them to be pulled away from her tits then she immediately covered her small tits with her hands.
The older man said, "Let me see those tiny tits of yours, honey."
Reluctantly Julie dropped her hands and allowed everyone to see her small tits topped off with light pink areolas and boyish sized nipples.
Julie looked at Mike and saw him staring at her tits.
Julie was visibly shaking as the older man reached down and hooked his thumbs into the waistband of her blue cotton panties. The older man looked at Julie and said, "I'm taking your panties to."
We heard Julie say, "Oh My God."
The older man started push Julie's panties down slowly. He smiled at Julie and said, "I can't wait to see your hot lil pussy, do you shave it like I've seen in the magazines?"
Choking back the lump in her throat Julie nodded her head and weakly said, "Yes sir, my pussy is shaved bald. I keep it that way because it feels so good when I rub it.
There was a noticeable bulge in the front of the older man's pants as he sunk to his knees pulling Julie's panties downward uncovering her bald slit. He continued to pull the panties down her thighs and when they reached her feet Julie automatically stepped out of them.
The older man looked straight ahead at Julie's pussy and finally said, "Spread your legs for me darling."
Nervously, Julie moved her left foot to the side until she felt her inner thighs were no longer touching.
The older man asked Julie, "Do you rub your little clitty often?"
Julie stood there totally embarrassed at being asked such a question but managed in a quiet husky voice say, "Yes sir, a few times each week."
While he was staring at her pussy, he brought Julie's panties up to his nose and he took a deep breath enjoying the aroma of her wet panties. After a few moments of enjoying the smell of her panties he tucked them in his pocket.
The older man reached up with both hands and cupped Julie's butt cheeks and pulled Julie's hips towards his face. Julie jumped when she felt his tongue lick her puffy pussy lips. Even though she was nervous she felt her pussy tingle and her juices started to flow. The older man took a few more licks before he stopped. Sitting back on his heels he looked up and Julie asking her, "Are you always this wet? Are you still a virgin honey?"
Julie's embarrassment tripled being asked such personal questions in front of her brother. Julie glanced over at Mike making eye contact with him before quietly answering, "Yes, I am always very wet and yes, I am still a virgin."
The older man saw Julie looking at Mike so he reached out and stroked Mike's hard cock through his Speedos and asked Julie, "Do you like looking at this cock? Do you wish you had this cock fucking your little juicy cunt right now?"
Julie was beside herself with embarrassment as she watched the older man rub Mike's cock coupled with the fact he was asking her such personal questions.
Julie had tears forming in her eyes when Mike spoke up saying, "Julie is my sister and this is the first time she has ever been naked so please be kind to her."
The older man looked up at Mike and asked, "If she's your sister, why is your cock already hard?"
Mike looked at the older man replying, "I love my sister and she is a very beautiful young lady and although she is my sister, she is standing here naked and my cock has a mind of its own."
"Do you mind if I lick your virgin sister's pussy?" the old man asked Mike.
Mike replied, "Please don't ask me that question, ask Julie because we are firm believers in no means no in our home."
The older man looked up at Julie saying, "You have a wonderful bald cunt which tastes delicious. I would love to lick more of your sweet virgin nectar."
Nervously Julie said, "Sir, this is the first time I've been naked in front of anyone and although my pussy is wet from the excitement, I am very nervous at this whole situation. I know you told all of us we had to do what you wanted so if it pleases you, you may lick my pussy."
After Julie finished speaking she moved her left foot further to the side giving the older man more access to her cute bald pussy. The older man leaned forward and sniffed Julie's pussy a few times before he pushed his tongue between the folds of her puffy, tight lipped pussy.
Finally the older man stopped licking Julie's pussy and when he leaned back this time, his face was covered with Julie's pussy juice.
Turning to Sarah the older man said, "Turn around and bend over at the waist with your ass towards me. I want you to spread your feet at least shoulder width apart and slide your panties off slowly."
Sarah blushed at the instructions the older man gave her because she knew her pussy was already soaking wet from this whole situation. She knew her fluid was already leaking out of her pussy and now the older man wanted her to bend over and show him her excitement.
Sarah turned around and bent over and moved her feet apart. When she stopped, she heard the older man say, "Spread them further apart."
Sarah obeyed and when she stopped, again she heard the older man say, "More."
Sarah threw caution to the wind and stepped her right foot way off to the side and she almost lost her balance.
The older man said, "Oh I am going to love the view of your sweet pussy. I can see most of it already. Honey, that tiny thong doesn't hide much when your legs are spread wide. You have a cute little asshole."
Sarah was totally embarrassed listening to the older man as he described her back side to everyone. Sarah was determined to make her performance the best she could and her hands reached back and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and started to push them down slowly knowing her legs were spread so wide it would be impossible for her to take them off. She suddenly realized that the older man was not only going to see her wet spread open pussy but he was also going to see her soaking wet panties.
The older man looked at Mike before reaching out again to stroke Mike's hard cock though his Speedos. He nodded his head towards Sarah's ass asking Mike, "Who is this young lady to you?"
Mike looked at Sarah as she slowing pushed her panties down and replied, "Sarah is my girlfriend."
The older man asked Mike, "Do you fuck her often?"
A little embarrassed by the older man's question he said, "Yes sir, we are nudists so both of us are naked all the time when we are home and we fuck as often as my cock gets hard."
"She certainly has a delicious looking pussy doesn't she?" The older man asked.
Mike proudly said without looking at Sarah, "Yes she not only has a great pussy but a superb body."
The older man looked at Brandi and simply said, "I want you to strip and then I want you to lie down on the floor over here with your feet towards me so I can see your pussy."
With shaking hands Brandi reached behind her back and unfastened the clips holding the bra together. Before she started to pull her bra off the older man stopped her by putting up his hand.
Looking at Brandi he said, "Let your bra hang for a moment. I want to see you rip off your own panties. I want you to destroy them as you rip them off yourself."
Brandi looked shocked at her instructions and she looked around at Mike, Julie and Sarah for some consolation but only received nods indicating she needed to comply with the older man's request.
Brandi started to yank and pull on her panties but couldn't rip them no matter how hard she tried.
The older man sat watching Brandi and finally he looked at Mike and Julie and said, "Walk over there and rip her panties off her. I want you to totally destroy her panties so she can't wear them again."
Mike looked at Sarah who nodded her head in approval before he looked at Brandi who stood holding her bra so her tits were covered.
Mike moved in front and Julie moved behind Brandi and Mike said, "Grab both sides of the panel back there and I'll do the same up here and we'll pull them apart."
Mike said, "On three get ready to pull. One, two, three yank!"
Both Mike and Julie struggled as they stretched the panties beyond the maximum point of stress until there was a ripping sound as Brandi's panties pulled apart. Brandi forgot about her bra and let it drop to the floor as her panties were pulled between her legs.
The older man held out his hand towards Mike taking the panties and immediately holding them to his nose smelling the crotch of Brandi's panties.
Brandi moved to the older man's side and sat down next to him before laying back and spreading her legs to give his an unimpeded view of her bald cunt. Without looking, Brandi already knew her clit was protruding at the top of her cunt for the older man to see.
The older man leaned over and sniffed Brandi's pussy before he licked her. Brandi shivered and giggled at the contact of his tongue in her spread open pussy. The older man took time to lick Brandi for a couple of minutes before looking up at Mike asking, "Who is this young lady to you?"
Mike looked at him saying, "This is Brandi and she is Sarah's sister."
The older man stopped licking Brandi's pussy long enough to ask, "Are you a virgin, sweetheart?"
Even though Brandi heard him ask Sarah and Julie it still came as a slight shock to her when she was faced with answering such a personal question in front of her sister and her boyfriend.
After a few moments of hesitation and w quick glance at the others she proudly said, "No, I'm not a virgin."
A few minutes later the older man finished licking Brandi's pussy and reached out his hand to Mike. Mike took the older man's hand and allowed him to pull him forward until he was standing between Julie and Sarah.
The older man instructed Sarah, "Put your feet together and let your panties fall to the floor, step out of them and then part your feet again just like they were."
Turning to Julie and Brandi the older man instructed them, "Stand up over here and I want both of you to turn around and part your feet like Sarah and bend over like she is so I can see your cute little pussies and your tiny little assholes.
The girls were positioned so they could look back over their shoulder and see the older man on his knees in front of Mike. He looked up and Mike and then he looked to either side before saying, "This is the best thing that's ever happened to me. I have a nice bald pussy on each side of me and a wonderful stiff cock in front of me."
He moved his hand over Mike's cock and then leaned forward and parted his lips and moved his mouth along the length using his tongue to lick Mike's cock. This was the first time Mike ever let a male get this close to his equipment and it made him very nervous.
Finally the older man reached up and hooked his fingers into the waistband of Mike's Speedos and everyone could hear Mike's sharp intake of breath as he mentally prepared himself to be stripped naked by another male.
The older man was talking as he pulled on Mike's Speedos saying, "This is a dream come true. I want all of you to know this has made my life. Thank you so much for allowing me this pleasure. I want to thank you for allowing me to play with this lovely cock."
As Mike's cock popped out of his Speedos standing up at a forty-five degree angle, the older man hurriedly pulled the Speedos the rest of the way down Mike's legs and let them lay on the floor. He reached up and gently grasped Mike's cock and started stroking the length of it.
Mike was shocked at first but as the older man started to stroke his cock Mike realized to his surprise he was becoming very excited by the experience.
Sarah finally stood up and turned around she reached down and rubbing her clit while watching the older man playing with Mike.
Both Julie and Brandi watched Sarah and they stood up and turned around so they could watch the older man play with Mike's cock also. Each one of them spread their feet apart and started rubbing their clit like Sarah was doing.
The older man opened his mouth and leaned forward and engulfed Mike's cock and immediately started sucking and stroking his cock. Mike tried to pull back but the older man had a firm grip on the base of his cock and wouldn't let Mike step back.
Once the older man was sure that Mike would stand still, he pulled off Mike's cock and looked up at him and said, "We agreed there won't be any penetration but you didn't say anything about me not sucking your wonderful hard cock or their sweet juicy pussy."
He continued saying, "I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to swallow your tasty love juice."
The three girls moved so they could get the best view of the older man sucking Mike's cock.
Sarah stepped close to Mike and leaned in and whispered, "I love you more than ever now." Then she kissed him passionately while another man sucked his cock.
Before long Mike started pumping his hips then he reached down and put his hands on the back of the older man's head.
As Sarah continued to passionately kiss him, Mike started to moan into her mouth. He felt his hot cum rise into his urethra split seconds before he started shooting spurt after spurt into the older man's throat. The older man massaged Mike's testicles as his orgasm subsided.
When he had sucked all the cum off Mike's cock the older man leaned back on his heels and sat there with a large smile spreading across his face.
Mike looked down at his flaccid cock and then at the older man before saying, "Holy fucking shit, I've had my cock sucked by many females but I will have to rate what you just did to me right up there in the top two percent."
Sarah was the first of the girls to speak saying, "Mister, I don't know who you are but you just made my one of fantasies come true. All of us girls fantasize about watching two guys together because you guys love to watch two girls."
Sarah continued by saying, "Mister, if you take off all of your clothes, I will suck your cock because you sucked Mike's cock."
The older man looked at Sarah and said, "That's not necessary, all of you are standing here completely naked and that's enough for me. You can have all the stuff we agreed to but I have one more request. I would love to keep your panties so I can remember this day for a long time."
Sarah looked at the other girls and asked, "What do you think? Should we take care of business and then leave our panties for this nice gentleman?"
Julie said, "I want to help you suck his cock."
Brandi jumped right in saying, "I agree, after the show he gave us, and fulfilled one of my fantasies, I want to help suck his cock to."
Sarah looked down at the older man and said, "Stand up and take off your clothes mister, today is your lucky day. All three of us are going to suck your cock."
The tables turned and the older man stood up and nervously started taking off his clothes. As he pushed his boxers down his chubby cock bounced into sight. He stepped out of his boxers and stepped towards the girls.
All three girls were on their knees, with the older man standing in front of them. Each one took a turn sucking his cock and then passing it on to the next girl. Soon the older man started to breathe faster. Sarah was in the middle of the three girls she sucked his cock into her mouth with Brandi licking his cock and ball on one side and Julie on the other side doing the same thing.
Sarah looked up at Mike and said, "Make my day complete!"
Mike raised his eyebrows in concern of what Sarah was asking him to do.
Reluctantly Mike moved over to stand beside Sarah before he got down on his knees beside her. Brandi moved over to make room for Mike to move forward. Sarah took the older man's cock from Julie and sucked the head of his cock before holding it out for Mike to suck.
Again, Sarah asked, "Please make my day complete Mike."
Mike wrapped his lips around the older man's cock and earnestly sucked the best he could using his tongue around the rim of his cock instinctively because that's what Sarah did to his cock when she sucked him.
Mike sucked his cock for a few minutes before the older man started to gasp for breath saying, "I'm going to cum soon."
The old man held onto the back of Mike's head and pumped his cock into his mouth and Mike was forced to take all that the older man had.
Suddenly the older man groaned then screamed, "I'm cumming!"
The older man moaned several more times as each spurt shot out of his cock Mike valiantly swallowed until there was no more.
The second Mike pulled away from the older man's cock Sarah grabbed him and passionately kissed him. Their tongues battled like never before. When Sarah pulled back from kissing Mike she said, "From now on, whatever you want me to do, I'll do it for you. That was so hot seeing you with a cock in your mouth I am committed to making you happy for the rest of your life."
The older man breathlessly said, "It's hard to believe what fucking happened here today. This is way beyond any fantasy I've ever had and I'll remember your kindness forever."
The older man stood there on weak knees panting as he looked down at the three lovely young ladies kneeling in front of him.
Julie sat down in the floor, leaning back on her elbows she spread her legs and said, "Mister, lick my pussy, it's all yours."
One by one the other two followed Julie's lead and lay back on the floor and spread their legs wide giving the older man a view of three wonderfully bald pussies.
The older man looked at Mike and then got down on the floor and moved between Julie's spread legs. He reached out with trembling fingers and parted Julie's tight pussy lips to expose her clit before leaning forward and licking along her slit all the way up to her clit. Julie shivered involuntarily. The older man licked her clit a few more times before her body shuddered as her orgasm gripped her lasting about thirty seconds before it started to fade.
Once Julie finished her orgasm the older man moved over to Sarah who lay in the middle with her legs spread wide with her knees pulled up to her chest allowing the older man to see her spread open pussy and her rosebud anal spinster.
The older man looked at the offering before him as he bent forward extending his tongue to first lick Sarah's asshole several times before moving up through her slit to the prominent bump of her clit. By now Sarah was working her hips in tune with the older man's tongue. Sarah wasn't far from an orgasm so she begged the older man to continue. The moment the older man sucked her clit into his mouth and used his tongue to lick it Sarah went wild as her orgasm gripped her sending her over the edge for the next minute. Unknowingly Sarah had clamped her legs together trapping to older man's face in her pussy. When she released her legs, the older man pulled back quickly saying, "WOW! I couldn't breathe I thought I was going to die."
"What a way to go." He said with a smile on his face.
Finally he moved over to Brandi who was imitating her sister's position. He looked at the lovely display before him and said, "This is unbelievable. I want to make you cum darling!"
The older man started licking Brandi's asshole and suddenly she felt his push his tongue against her tight spinster before he managed to push it inside a few times before he moved up to lick her juicy pussy. He attacked her clit sucking it into his mouth and using his teeth tenderly he nibbled on it which immediately sent Brandi into orgasm heaven. It was hard for the older man to keep up with Brandi as she bounced her ass off the floor.
Finally the old man stopped and sat up and once again looked at the display of three naked females in front of him. "The three of you are something else. I only wish you would come back again sometime and let me fuck you." He said as he smiled at all of them.
Everyone stood up and the girls took turns brushing the dirt and dust off their backs. The older man put out his hand to shake hands with Mike but Mike said, "What the fuck, we've just sucked each other's cock so we are beyond handshakes, give me a hug."
All three girls cheered and watched as the two men embraced in a hug. The three girls looked down and noticed their cock rubbing against each other as they hugged.
When the hug ended the older man hugged each of the girls pulling them close to his body so his cock rubbed against their bald pubic area.
When the hugs were finished the older man said, "I want to thank all of you from the bottom of my heart for everything you've done for me today. All of you have gone beyond the deal we've made so I want to do more for all of you. I want you to take four cases of beer and some extra chips for your party."
Mike said, "We were all nervous at first but this has been an experience we'll remember for a long time to come."
The older man said, "If any of you want to come back sometime, you'd be welcome and just seeing you naked would make me happy."
He looked at the three girls and asked again, "May I keep your panties to remember you by?"
Brandi smiled and asked, "Don't you mean, you want to keep our panties so you can sniff them when you jerk off?
Blushing the older man said, "Yes, that to."
Sarah spoke up saying, "We'll need our panties to get back in the car and then you can have them.
The older man said, "I can open the back door and you can walk to your car naked if you want without being seen because you car will block the view."
Julie asked, "Are you saying you want to keep all of our clothes and make us walk out of here completely naked?"
The older man replied with the broadest of smiles, "Well honey all I'm saying is, you can walk out of there completely naked and not be seen. If you want to leave your bra here that's up to you. It would seem a shame to cover those lovely little tits you have and leave your sweet pussy uncovered."
Julie smiled devilishly back at the older man saying, "I'll have to come back sometime and get my bra."
The older man walked over to Julie and reached down and cupped a tit with one hand and cupped her pussy with the over before looking her in the eye saying, "I've got ya covered!"
All of us broke out laughing as the older man squeezed Julie's tit and slipped his middle finger into her pussy up to the second knuckle before releasing her. Julie jumped back and playfully slapped the older man's arm saying, "Oh, you're such a naughty old man."
The older man turned and led the way as we followed him towards the back of the store. Once we were in the store room he opened the back door and all of us peeked out and saw the car was parked only ten feet away from the door and the street was on the other side of the car.
We looked at each other and Mike asked, "What do you think? Do we leave our clothes here?"
We took a vote and it came out four to zero in favor of us leaving our clothes at the store and going home completely naked.
The older man went back to the counter and bagged up our selections and on his way back to the backroom he stopped at the chips shelf and threw in some extra bags of chips. When he returned he looked at Mike and said, "Take four cases of beer, your choice."
Mike picked up two cases of beer and asked Brandi to walk out with him to open up the back door of the car. After the first two cases were in the car Brandi and Mike retuned. Before Mike picked up the last two cases of beer he shook hands with the older man. All the girls gave him another hug and we headed out the door with the rest of our supplies.
Mike put the rest of the been in the back seat before he braved the chance that no one would see him he walked around the car and opened the driver's side front door and got into the car.
Brandi watched Mike and followed his actions except she got into the back seat.
Sarah got into the front seat and Julie jumped into the passenger side back seat.
They sat there in silence for a few seconds before Mike asked, "Are all of you ok?"
Sarah said, "I think I can speak for all of us girls and say we are fine, but I want to know, are you ok especially after the outcome in the store?
Mike looked at Sarah lovingly and said, "That was the first time I've ever allowed another man to touch or suck my cock and that was the first time I've ever touched or sucked another man's cock so it was all a new experience to me. I'm not sure what to think of it all yet. One thing I am sure of is, I'm not gay or even bi-sexual but the experience made me have a whole new outlook on life."
Sarah replied, "I meant what I said in the store. I've always wanted to see two men together and you fulfilled that fantasy. You are my man and I will do anything you ask me to do for the rest of our lives."
Julie added, "Hey dear brother of mine, I want you to remember the first time we saw each other naked, was the first time you fulfilled my fantasy to. I love you more now than I did a few hours ago. And Mike, I know it may be incest but anytime you want to make love to me, as long as Sarah doesn't mind, I am yours to have completely."
After a few moments of thinking Julie said, "Um.... Sarah, since both of you found out that I'm a virgin a little while ago, I would consider it a huge favor if Mike would be my first lover because I know he would be gentle with me."
Not to be outdone Brandi leaned forward and put her arms around Mike's neck and said, "Mike, I love you to just like Sarah and Julie. You've done something today that few heterosexual men will do. You've made my dream come true so I want to add my body to the list and tell you I'll be available to you anytime you want me as long as Sarah agrees."
"By the way, despite what I said in the store the only thing that's been in my pussy is two of my fingers at the same time. I am a virgin to but I didn't want to tell him that."
Sarah and Julie looked at Brandi and both of them smiled at her revelation. Sarah spoke up and said, "That's my girl, I love you."
Brandi said, "But I wasn't done, Mike I hope Sarah wouldn't be to upset with me in asking but I also want you to be my first, that is, if you want to take my cherry."
Mike thanked all three girls for their loving sentiments before turning to Julie and Brandi saying, "Both of you have wonderful bodies and I am looking forward to enjoying the view of each of you for a long time to come. Sarah and I will talk about your offers and she will let you know what we decide."
Mike continued to say, "Before we start to move, if you move the beer out of the center and over to this side of the car, I can adjust my mirror and look at your lovely bald pussies all the way home."
Brandi moved close to the center and started moving the cases of beer over next to the door. Once she moved all four cases, she slid across the seat to sit next to Julie and both of them spread their legs.
Sarah looked into the back seat and said, "I agree with Mike, those are lovely pussies. I wouldn't mind licking either one."
Mike started the car, then looked up at the camera on the corner of the building and waved at it. As they started to pull out of the parking lot all three girls rose up to show their tits to the camera waving good-bye.
As they traveled toward home Sarah talked to Julie and Brandi and told them what would be expected of them during the party. She also told them they could participate in the party but their main job was watching Kim. Just before they pulled into the driveway Sarah said, "Most likely there will be plenty of sex going on. If you want to participate you can but remember your priority is Kim.
Mike pulled up in front of the garage and stopped the car. Sarah said, "Pick up your shirts and shorts and you can follow me up to the apartment and leave them there. You won't need any clothes until you are ready to leave."
Mike picked up two cases of beer and headed towards the main house. Just as he stepped up on the patio, Jake and Tom asked him if he needed a hand. Mike said there were two more cases of beer in the car along with a couple bags of chips.
Jake and Tom headed towards the car to go get the beer and chips. Just as they got to the car they met Sarah, Julie and Brandi coming out of the apartment door. Sarah made the introductions between Jake and Tom, Julie and Brandi.
Julie and Brandi were delighted to see Tom and Jake's cock jump to attention during the introductions. Brandi didn't help any when she volunteered to get the beer out of the car causing her to bend over and reach inside for the beer.
Sarah watched Tom and Jake stare at Brandi's exposed pussy as she bent over and smiled to herself. It seemed that Brandi took more time than was necessary to pick up the beer.
*
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.