A million thanks to BffseOhio for editing!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note: This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons, I'd like to suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first, so you'll understand the character's actions as you read this chapter. I've added a list of the main story characters on the last page of the story. Please enjoy!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged (18 years of age or older)!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************
From - Chapter 11
When we finished Beth said to me, "Let's go sleep in my bed now that we've messed up your bed."
I smiled and said, "Lead the way, I'm tired."
Beth and I crawled into her bed and I spooned up behind her naked body. The minute my cock nestled in the crack of Beth's ass, it started to get hard, I couldn't help it. I whispered to Beth, "That guy has a mind of his own."
Beth was laughing when she whispered back, "Dan Morrison, some day I going to fuck you till he won't get hard again, for at least eight hours."
I cupped Beth's tit in my hand and replied in a whisper, "You're on! Let me know when you're ready. Good night sweetheart."
Beth giggled and said, "Do you know what you just called me?"
I replied, "Shhhhhhhhhhhh........ I'm trying to go to sleep!"
****************************
Chapter 12
Normally, I wake up at the slightest noise or touch but this morning I woke up to the wonderful sensation of a warm mouth sliding up and down my cock. I blinked as I tried to get oriented then I looked around before looking down to see Beth kneeling beside my hips sucking my cock. When I stirred, Beth looked up at me without losing contact with my cock. I smiled at her asking, "Are you the same seemingly bashful young lady who's worked for me all these years?
Beth pulled her mouth away from my cock with a popping sound then she smiled at me saying, "Dan, after the events of last night, you've unleashed something in me that I want to explore. I hope you don't mind."
I smiled at Beth reminding her, "I said I will assist you with anything that won't get either of us arrested and waking up with your warm mouth wrapped around my cock won't get us arrested. Now, you can move around so your pussy is up here where I can reach it, we can share an orgasm and start the day off right."
Beth moved so her bald pussy was over my face and then went back to sucking my cock. I attacked her clit and soon had Beth moaning and grinding her pussy into my face. It didn't take long before she experienced an orgasm and lay on top of me breathing heavily while enjoying the remnants of her fading euphoria. Suddenly, Beth started sucking my cock and massaging my balls with renewed heartiness. Her tongue expertly swirled around the sensitive rim of my cock head sending me over the edge and I only had seconds to warn Beth by saying, "Here it comes."
Beth continued sucking my cock then licking it like a lollipop to make sure she cleaned up all my cum. When she was finished, Beth looked over her shoulder at me saying, "You go turn on the shower and I'll call room service and have them bring us some coffee and a couple of cheese Danish, then I'll join you."
I walked over to my suite's bathroom where all of our toiletries were left last night and took a leak then started the shower. I stepped under the water a few seconds before Beth came through the door asking, "Are you starting without me?"
I smiled and said, "Someone told me I was a big drip once, so I thought I would step under the shower and be all wet instead."
Beth stepped into the shower laughing then she hugged me saying, "You're truly one of a kind, Dan Morrison."
I asked Beth, "How long before they bring the coffee?"
She picked up a wash cloth and with a huge smile on her face she said, "We don't have any time to fool around, if that's what you're asking. If I hurry my shower, they'll most likely be here as I step out. I might not even have a chance to dry off first."
I asked, "Will you want someone with you?"
Beth said, "If someone was at the door connecting the rooms, I think that would suffice. Let me rinse off because I wouldn't want them to return to the kitchen with our coffee."
Beth grabbed a towel and started to dry herself as she walked towards the bathroom door. I quickly rinsed off and grabbed a towel and started to dry myself as I left the bathroom and walked towards the door that connected our suites. I opened both doors completely then looked into Beth's suite to see her standing near the short entryway, bent over drying her hair. When there was a knock on the door Beth stood up with her hair all fluffed up and looked towards the connecting door and saw me then dropped her towel on a chair then turned and walked towards the door to answer it completely naked.
I stepped back in the doorway and heard Beth speaking to someone then the voices got louder. I peeked around the door and saw Beth facing a young man who was busy pouring two cups of coffee. When he finished he asked Beth if there was anything else he could do for her and she declined saying, "Thank you for bringing the coffee, my friend and I need coffee first thing in the morning to get us started, if you know what I mean."
Trying to prolong his view of Beth's naked body, the young man asked many questions like where she was from, was she on a business or pleasure trip, what kind of business was she in, before Beth finally said, "My friend should be almost done with his shower; I better get his coffee fixed because he will be in here any second now."
Suddenly the young man said, "I better get back to the kitchen. It gets busy this time in the morning. By the way, I hope you don't mind me saying that you are very beautiful and you have a great body. Thank you."
When I heard the door close I walked into Beth's suite and was almost bowled over when Beth rushed me and clung to me. I could feel her body shaking and she said, "OH GOD, DAN! I've been a nudist all my life but showing my naked body to someone this way is so surreal. Now I know the adrenalin rush an exhibitionist feels when they show their body to someone. I am so wet I have to go clean myself again."
I smiled at Beth saying, "I'm glad you are enjoying your trip and I'm sure you will have many more times to show that beautiful body of yours, but let's sit down and drink our coffee before it gets cold."
While Beth was fixing my coffee I went into my suite and picked up my cell phone and called my lawyer. While I sat beside Beth, drinking my coffee, I explained I wanted him to check out who owned the property bordering my property and how many acres it was. I told him to contact the owners and make them a direct offer for the undeveloped property. I told him I really wanted to buy the property so use his persuasive voice when talking to the owners. I gave him my new number and told him to call me when he had an answer for me.
I looked at my watch and realized we had forty five minutes before our driver was going to arrive to pick up our bags. When Beth returned to the room and sat down to drink her coffee she was still raving about how exciting it was to allow a stranger see her completely nude. I congratulated her and then told her we needed to get dressed because the driver would be here in less than an hour. I picked up my coffee and went into my room and finished up my personal grooming then got dressed. When I returned to Beth's suite she was just pulling up her skirt so I whistled and she spun around and smiled at me asking, "Do you see anything you like?"
I looked Beth up and down then said, "Yes, I like the complete package with or without clothes."
Beth coyly asked, "Dan, do you remember what you said last night before we went to sleep?"
I grinned at Beth saying, "I know exactly what I said. You were making too much noise so I said, Shhhhhhhhhhhh........ I'm trying to go to sleep!"
Beth laughed saying, "Oh Dan, whatever am I going to do with you? You know what you said, did you mean to call me that or was it a slip of the tongue?"
I smiled at Beth as she buttoned her blouse saying, "Beth you are closer to me now than you have been in the past six years. We have common interests and most of all we have shared each other's bodies so I may from time to time use a term of endearment when we are in private. If you are asking me if I care about you, the answer is yes I do. Beth, as I've told you, you have moved into an inner circle with me and my family so I hope it's ok with you if I call you sweetheart."
Beth walked across the room and hugged me saying, "Thank you, Dan. A girl likes to know she is appreciated. You not only make me feel appreciated, but you make me feel secure as well."
There was a soft knock on Beth's door and when she opened it Brenda Summers was standing in the hall so Beth asked her to come into the room. Beth asked, "Brenda, would you like a cup of coffee?"
Brenda replied, "No, I had some delivered to my room also. I came to see talk to you before the meeting."
I excused myself saying, "I will be in my suite putting some things together. Let me know when you're finished."
Brenda turned to me saying, "Dan, you don't have to leave. I wanted to give Beth some idea what both of us will be doing during the meeting."
Brenda and Beth talked as I listened and sipped my coffee. After talking for a few minutes Brenda looked at her watch then said, "Someone will be here in a few minutes to get our luggage so I better get back to my suite."
As Brenda left, I watched as Beth put the remaining items in her travel bag and finished getting ready to leave. As she was finishing there was another knock on her door and this time when she answered it the driver was there to collect her luggage. I stood up and walked into my suite and brought my luggage into Beth's room so the driver could take it.
Beth and I left our suites shortly after our luggage was picked up. When I got to the lobby I went over to the front desk and gave them our suite numbers and mentioned we had champagne and coffee delivered and I wanted to pay for both. After checking her computer screen the young lady behind the counter informed me that all expenses had been covered and there was no balance due for either suite. I handed her our entry cards and thanked her, then returned to find Tom and Brenda talking to Beth. Tom told us he knew a nice place to have breakfast, so we walked out to our limo and Tom told the driver where he wanted to go. After a relaxed breakfast we went out to the limo and Tom told the driver the address for the company we were going to visit.
****************************
Meanwhile back at home Kim woke up and looked at the two young ladies who were still in bed with her. Of course Terri was out of bed and presumably making coffee like she did every morning. However Kim wanted to make sure so she slipped out of bed and wandered down the hall and at the top of the stairs she smelled the wonderful aroma of coffee. Kim walked down the stairs and when she entered the kitchen Terri looked at her and asked, "Did you come and check on me like dad did yesterday?"
Kim smiled and that's all Terri needed to see. Terri stood up and walked over and embraced Kim in a full body contact hug before saying, "I love you mom, you're the best."
Kim hugged Terri close to her and said, "You are a great daughter and I love you so much too."
After a couple of minutes of holding each other, Terri finally said, "I had to kick dad out of the kitchen yesterday so get going now...... don't come back until you're dressed and ready to go to work."
Kim stepped back from Terri and while looking into her eyes she softly said, "I love you."
Terri's eyes started to water when she whispered to Kim, "Mom, you are so special to me and I love you very much."
Kim hugged Terri again and turned to go up and get ready for work. As Kim was walking up the stairs she met Mary and Shelly coming down. They all stopped briefly and exchanged good morning pleasantries then Kim continued up the stairs. When she got back to her bedroom she tried to wake up Jenna without waking Hanna but both girls sat up in bed rubbing their eyes. Kim said, "Time to get up Jenna, and Hanna you can go back to sleep if you want to, we have to get showered and ready for work."
Jenna said, "Mom, I'll shower with you this morning, since dad isn't here."
Hanna asked, "May I shower with both of you?"
Kim smiled broadly and immediately said, "Of course both of you can shower with me this morning. I'd love to have two gorgeous naked females to wash."
Kim walked into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet and peed then stood up and turned on the bidet and adjusted the temperature. She was just sitting down when Jenna and Hanna walked into the bathroom. Jenna sat on the toilet to pee then said to Kim, "Leave that running and I'll douche before I shower."
Hanna watched as Jenna wiped her pussy and flushed the toilet before she timidly walked over and sat down on the toilet so she could pee. She watched as Jenna used the bidet then bashfully asked, "Jenna I would like to try using that too, can you leave it on for me?"
Jenna smiled and said, "Sure honey, you can do anything you want when you are with us."
Hanna used the bidet then joined Jenna and Kim in the shower. Both turned and started to wash Hanna's body. When they were finished Kim turned off the shower and Jenna passed out the towels and each of them dried the person next to them. Jenna said, "I'm going to my bathroom so I can finish getting ready."
Hanna stayed with Kim and watched as she used the blow dryer to dry her hair, then Kim offered the blow dryer to Hanna. While they stood side by side they talked and when Kim finished her makeup, Hanna followed Kim back into the bedroom sat on the bed and watched as Kim selected her clothes and got dressed. When Kim finished she looked in the mirror then asked Hanna, "Are you ready to go get some coffee?"
Hanna smiled saying, "Yes, but I loved watching you, I hope I can do this again some time."
Kim hugged Hanna's naked body to her saying, "Hanna, I can't stress this enough but while you are here, you can do anything you want to. If you choose to sit and watch someone then please feel free to just do it. We are very open in this house. We don't close doors so anyone at anytime can watch whatever another person is doing. We want you to feel comfortable here so stay within your comfort zone. If you want to participate in something others are doing then that's the only time you need to ask. As you've heard us say, everyone has to consent to participate."
Hanna smiled at Kim saying, "I understand, but all of this is new to me and I don't want to upset anyone."
Kim and Hanna walked down the stairs into the kitchen where they joined all the others. Ted and Marion said good morning to the new arrivals at the same time. Kim asked, "Ted, did you and Marion sleep well?"
Ted smiled saying, "Oh yeah. There were no horns honking, there weren't any sounds of cars racing in the street and it was so peaceful I fell asleep and I don't think I even rolled over once."
When Ted finished speaking Marion said, "Kim, this is like heaven out here. I love the peace and quiet at night and the bed is perfect. I don't think I've slept as sound as I did last night, in a very long time."
Suddenly the door bell broke the silence and everyone looked towards the monitor and saw Bill standing on the other side of the door. However, for precautionary reasons, Terri and Shelly walked to the door together. Terri opened the door slowly welcomed Bill into the house saying, "Good morning, come right in, how are you this morning?
Bill stepped into the house and Terri closed and locked the door before she turned and looked at Bill. For some reason he seemed nervous so Terri asked, "Is there anything wrong, Bill?"
Bill shrugged his shoulders and looked around the room then back at Terri and Shelly before whispering, "I came over here early this morning because of what Mary said yesterday and I am a nervous wreck. I don't want to sound or act like a sex maniac or something. Do you know if she may have changed her mind?"
Terri stepped up and hugged Bill to her naked body saying, "Oh, God no, Bill. The offer Mary made you yesterday is real and she is looking forward to your arrival this morning."
Shelly giggled, and then said, "When she was licking my pussy last night I was reminding her how you were going to be filling her pussy with that wonderful cock this morning. She got so excited she wouldn't stop licking me; even when I begged her to stop."
Shelly stepped forward and started lifting Bill's shirt and saying, "Let's get you out of that tee-shirt and those shorts."
Bill stood still as both Terri and Shelly stripped him. Once he was naked both of them held Bill's semi-hard cock and stroked it as it came to life. Bill's cock was standing up when Terri leaned forward and kissed the head of it then opened her mouth and stretched her lips over the head swirling her tongue over the sensitive rim at the base of his cock head. Bill shivered, saying, "Oh Terri, if you don't stop, I'm going to cum."
Terri pulled back and stood up saying, "I want you to save that for Mary. She's looking forward to you sliding this monster into her pussy and packing her full of cock."
Shelly stepped forward, asking, "Can I try that? I'm in love with your cock too and if you are as gentle as you say you are then my pussy is next after Mary's."
Bill stood still as Shelly stretched her mouth over Bill's cock and sucked on it for a few seconds before she released him and stood back up. She smiled at Bill then said, "Don't be nervous, you are among friends here."
Bill hugged Shelly then Terri saying, "You guys are the greatest, but I hope you understand my nervousness."
Terri put her arm around Bill's back from one side and Shelly did the same from the other side and the three of them walked into the kitchen. Everyone looked up and saw the trio and welcomed Bill by saying, "Good morning."
Terri asked Bill if he wanted a cup of coffee and something to eat but he only accepted the coffee. Kim said, "Let's move to the dining room table where there's enough room for everyone to sit down."
Terri said, "I'm making French Toast this morning so if someone wants to cook eggs I can use the help."
Both Shelly and Mary volunteered to help with breakfast and after taking orders they went to work and in a short time everyone was enjoying their meal. While they were eating, Jenna told Kim she could ride to work with her. When they were finished eating they got up and there was a mad rush for the kitchen with everyone except Bill. Kim and Jenna started laughing when they realized they would have to pass the gauntlet and get hugs and kisses from everyone before they could get to the door leading into the garage.
Once Kim and Jenna left for work, everyone walked back into the dining room where Bill was sitting, by himself. Mary walked over to Bill saying, "I think I made you a promise yesterday and I've been waiting all night. The wait is over, come with me, I want to see how much of that magnificent cock you can fit in my juicy pussy."
Mary took Bill's hand and started leading him towards the stairs then stopped and looked at Bill saying, "You know the Morrison's have a unique policy others can watch the action. I hope you don't mind if anyone who wants to watch us comes along too."
Bill blushed before saying, "Oh my, I better be on my best behavior if we are going to have an audience watching us. To tell you the truth, I've been thinking a lot about your offer since yesterday too and on top of being a nervous wreck I'm excited that a girl wants to try my cock inside her. This is a special moment for me."
Mary and Bill walked up the stairs and everyone followed. They got on the bed and Mary said, "I hope you don't mind Bill, but I want to be on top to start out so I can control how much of your cock goes in my pussy."
Bill smiled and lay down on his back with his cock pointing straight up in the air. Mary laid on top of Bill, then hugged and kissed him. She said, "Bill, I don't want you to think I am just using you as a sex object."
Bill looked up into Mary's powder blue eyes before saying, "Mary, you don't know how much I appreciate what you are going to attempt to do. Most guys would give anything to have a big cock and most females only dream about a big cock until they see one, then they have second thoughts. I don't get offers like yours, so you are doing a very big favor for me and that's why I'm nervous."
Mary and Bill started kissing and exploring each other's body with their hands. Mary's small hand was partly wrapped around Bill's big cock while Bill used both his hands to cup and gently massage and squeeze Mary's "A" sized tits with her sensitive tiny, pink nipples. Mary moaned into Bill's mouth as she continued the battle of their tongue war.
Mary broke the kiss and said, "I want you to eat my pussy before you stuff it full of cock."
Bill smiled up at Mary saying, "Lady, you can ask me to do almost anything this morning. But if I'm going to do that, I want you to lie down on the bed."
Mary moved quickly off Bill and once she was on her back she pulled her legs up and apart baring her small pussy crack and her tiny rosebud asshole to his gaze. Bill was kneeling between Mary's legs looking down and enjoying the view when Mary broke the silence by saying, "Bill ..... earth to Bill ....... it ain't going to lick itself."
Bill broke his stare and looked up into Mary's very pretty face and particularly her blue eyes framed by her blonde hair before saying, "Oh, Mary you are so beautiful even down here. You should take a picture of you right now and hang it on the wall."
Mary smiled saying, "I'll think about that Bill, but right now I have something down there that needs attention and you're the only one in position to take care of it."
Bill smiled as he moved and positioned himself so he could lick Mary's pussy. It didn't take him long to have Mary squirming on the bed begging him to nibble her clit then lick it. Bill was lost in his efforts to please Mary and didn't realize how close she was to her orgasm until she clamped her muscular thighs around his head, trapping his face against her sopping wet slit as she bucked her hips and screamed in pleasure. In the waning moments of the orgasm that violently shook her body, Mary released Bill's head and he immediately sat up and tried to catch his breath saying, "Damn Mary, I thought you were going to drown me. I couldn't pull back with your legs clamped on my head."
Mary looked up and Bill with a dreamy look before saying, "I am so sorry, Bill. You made me feel so great I guess I squeezed you a little too tight."
Bill moved up to lie beside Mary and take her in his arms saying, "That's ok, I'm still here and there was no harm done."
Mary and Bill started kissing and after a few seconds Mary smiled and said, "Now's the time to find out how much of this magnificent cock will fit into my juicy pussy."
Mary got up and moved around until she squatted over Bill's hips then reached between her legs and aimed his massive cock towards her small bald pussy. She lowered her body down enough to rub the tip of his cock in her juices before she finally started to lower herself. The tip disappeared without any problems, but the mushroom head took a minute or so as Mary waited until she felt comfortable to push downward a little more. The whole time she was talking to Bill saying, "God Bill, your cock feels great. I can't wait until I have you inside me. You have such a wonderful cock."
Slowly, Mary started to move her hips up and down allowing her pussy to stretch slowly and steadily. With each movement a little more of his cock disappeared into her juicy pussy. His cock head glistened each time Mary raised up. Everyone stood quietly awestruck watching Mary. Even Ted couldn't take his eyes off Bill's cock as it slowly stretched Mary's pussy enough so she could fit more of it inside her. Finally, the large mushroom head of Bill's cock disappeared inside Mary and she gasped, "OH FUCK, BILL, YOUR COCK, OH GOD ........ it feels sooooo GOOD!"
Mary stayed right where she was and allowed her pussy to stretch for a few seconds before she allowed her hips to move downward and about an inch and a half of Bill's cock disappeared inside Mary. Once Mary had about three inches of cock inside her, she started to move slowly up and down and impaling herself on Bill's fleshy sword while Bill held Mary's ass cheeks in his hands to help Mary balance herself better.
Everyone busted out laughing when suddenly Mary sang out, "I think I can ...... I think I can .... choo ......chooo .....!"
Bill looked around at everyone before asking Mary, "What's so funny?"
Mary smiled at Bill saying, "I was mimicking what Jenna said when she was talking about taking your cock inside a pussy. She compared it to the little engine that could. Now that I have you inside me, and it feels marvelous, I can now say, I know I can ..... I know I can ..... chooo ..... chooo ....!"
Even Bill started laughing when Mary finished. Mary looked down at Bill and said, "I want to switch now so you can get behind me and fuck me but you still have to be careful not to ram all of it inside me."
It only took a few seconds for Mary and Bill to switch places with Mary on her hands and knees and Bill behind her. He looked down at her swollen red pussy and asked Mary, "Are you sure you're ok? Your pussy lips are red and swollen?"
Mary said, "Don't worry Bill, I feel fine and I can't wait for you to slide that wonderful cock back into me."
Bill lined up his cock with Mary's pussy and pushed forward slowly sinking his cock into her. Suddenly, Mary jumped and said, "That's it, Bill, don't go in any further, you've hit bottom."
Everyone watched at Bill slowly started to pump into Mary's stretched pussy. Mary started to moan almost immediately as Bill's cock pistoned into her with smooth calculated strokes. Bill was careful not to push himself any deeper into Mary than she had indicated. It didn't take long before both of them were building towards erotic ecstasy and a mind boggling orgasm. Soon Mary said, "Bill, I want you to shoot your load into my hot pussy. I want you to fill me with your baby making juice. Please, Bill ...... let me have it, I'm so close and I want us to cum together."
Listening to Mary beg him pushed Bill over the edge and he exclaimed, "Mary ...... MARY ....... I ....... I'm cumming! Ugh!"
Suddenly Mary screamed an ear piercing scream as her orgasm ripped through her body causing her to shake and wobble uncontrollably. Her knees became weak and she started to sink into the bed, but Bill held her hips up and continued to pump his cock and his load into Mary's hot, wet and tight pussy. He slowed as his own orgasm ebbed. Sweat poured off Bill's brow down onto Mary's ass as Mary continued to gasp for breath. Finally she was able to mutter, "Oh God, what a fucking ride! I can't believe I have a rocket in my cunt which blasted off to parts unknown. Thank you, Bill, I want to take another ride on your wonderful cock but not today, I'm a little sore right now."
Bill got a worried look on his face as he looked down at Mary saying, "Oh, I am so sorry Mary, I didn't mean to hurt you."
Mary looked over her shoulder at Bill as he withdrew his cock from her dripping pussy and said, "Oh Bill, it isn't that kind of hurt. This is the kind of happy type sore, it's a satisfied type sore, it's a ....... well fucked type sore. You didn't do anything wrong actually you did everything perfectly. You are truly a gentle man and I want you back inside me again soon."
It started with Shelly then spread rapidly through the audience and within seconds the room was reverberating with the sound of clapping hands. Bill and Mary looked at the people standing beside the bed and smiled at them. Then Bill looked at Mary saying, "This is the first time I've ever really put my cock in a girl and I never would have thought we'd have a cheering section when we finished."
Mary smiled at Bill saying, "Only here at the Morrison's house ....... only here ..... thank God for the Morrisons."
Mary rolled off the bed and stood up and with her legs pressed tightly together and she headed for the bathroom saying, "I've got to go, I don't want to leak all over the bed and carpet. Bill, come with me and we'll get showered together."
Bill rolled off the bed and headed towards the bathroom as the audience turned and started to leave the room. Once everyone was back downstairs Hanna said, "I still can't believe Mary fit most of Bill's huge cock inside her. But I like how he took his time and didn't force himself into her."
Shelly said, "I want to try him next. Bill's a real nice guy and it's too bad girls are scared away because of his size."
Ted spoke up saying, "I have to give the guy a lot of credit, he didn't try to rush and he was very considerate of Mary. I always wished I had a bigger cock, but after watching Bill and Mary, I've decided to be very happy with what I have."
Bill and Mary came downstairs hand in hand and everyone looked at them as they came into the room. Mary was wearing a very big smile on her face and the smile on Bill's face was the proverbial ear to ear smile. They stopped and Mary reached down and picked up Bill's cock saying, "If any of you girls want to take a ride on this stud, you'd be the happiest girl around just like me right now. This cock is one fine specimen of male appendage and it's attached to a man, who I just found out, is the most gentle man I know."
Everyone clapped their hands again, then settled down and participated in general conversation. Finally Bill said, "I have to get going and clean the pool because I'm already going to be late getting to work."
Terri looked at Bill saying, "Bill, no one really used the pool and hot tub yesterday so if you want to let them go today, it's ok."
Bill asked, "Are you sure, I can clean them quick."
Terri said, "Hurry up and get going so you won't be late for your other job. The pool and hot tub will be fine for today."
Terri walked Bill towards the door and waited for him to get his shorts and tee-shirt on then opened the door and gave him a hug and a kiss before he left. Terri closed the door and walked back to the kitchen where Mary was talking excitedly, re-living her emotions and satisfaction with the way Bill treated her.
Ted said, "I'm going to work and I'll be back here around five or six tonight. If you need me for anything, just call me on the phone or radio."
****************************
When we arrived at the Hamden Manufacturing Co. we were warmly greeted and escorted immediately to one of the board rooms where we met with some department heads. We talked briefly about the plant, and then one of the supervisors told us they had planned a tour for us. Each of us was given a hard hat and safety glasses then we left the board room and headed into the plant. Our tour lasted about forty five minutes and ended in the same board room we started from. While we were gone some refreshments and snacks had been left in the room and offered to us upon our return.
Soon the CEO and the board of directors arrived and everyone took their seats. Tom, Brenda, Beth and I were sitting at the front of the room flanking the CEO. He introduced Tom first then Tom introduced me and asked me to give a short talk. When I finished, the room stood and applauded what I had to say. When the room quieted down, I offered everyone the opportunity to ask some questions. I fielded a few simple questions and then I received a couple of questions which caused me to refer to my laptop before answering. Beth was very helpful and had the information up on the screen for me to look at. Everyone seemed to be satisfied with the answers I gave them and soon there were no more questions.
When the meeting ended, the CEO told Tom he was taking us out to lunch. Before we left the board room, all of us spent a few minutes shaking hands with everyone.
Tom leaned over and whispered in my ear, "That was a gutsy move opening up the floor to questions without notes or text, but you pulled it off, in style."
I smiled and said confidently, "Mr. Banks, that's the way I operate. I want others to know I am on top of things."
After we shook hands with each person they left the room and finally the room was empty with the exception of the four of us and the CEO and his secretary. We walked out of the building together and our driver was waiting for us. The CEO gave our driver the address for the restaurant we were going to then he walked over to his car and got in. The conversation was more relaxed during lunch because we had already conducted all the business.
Lunch lasted a little over an hour and when we finished our driver took us back to the airport. Once again I marveled as the people scurried around and took our luggage out of the car and onto the plane. We walked up the stairs to the door of the plane and Captain McGrath met us at the door and shook our hands as we entered the plane. We sat down in the front seats until we took off and then we got up and walked back to the lounge and sat down. Tom, Brenda, Beth and I relaxed on the sofas and talked about everything, except business. Our flight passed quickly and soon the stewardess came by to ask us to buckle up for landing.
As we walked down the stairs we saw Joe standing beside our car holding the door open for us. When we were near the car Joe addressed Tom by saying, "I hope you had a wonderful trip, Mr. Banks."
Tom smiled saying, "Yes, Joe, we had an excellent trip but it's nice to be home."
Joe whisked us back to the office and when Beth and I walked into our office Kelly stood up and welcomed us back and then walked to Beth's office door and unlocked it. I went into my office sat down in my chair.
I called Kim to let her know we were back and spoke briefly with her before Beth came into my office with a note and placed it on my desk. I told Kim I had to go take care of a problem and she said, "I understand, I'll see you when you get home."
When I hung up the phone I asked Beth to show in the person waiting to see me. I listened to his problem and came up with a solution almost immediately. I let him talk until he was satisfied he had explained his point of view to me, and then I told him I would take care of his problem. I thanked him for bringing the matter to my attention and shook hands with him before Beth led him to the door. I made a couple of phone calls and the problem was solved. For the rest of the afternoon everything went smoothly and I conducted regular company business.
****************************
About a half an hour before I was ready to leave for the day, I called home and asked Mary if she wanted to meet me at the gun shop and help me pick out a couple of new hand guns. Mary told me she would be dressed and on her way in five minutes so I wouldn't have to wait too long for her.
I finished up the work I had to do then looked at my watch and saw that it was time for me to leave. I called Beth into my office and said, "I've got to meet Mary in a little while so I am going to be leaving in a few minutes. You are welcome to ride with me and stay at my house again, if you want to. I'm sure you will enjoy your evening much more than if you went home."
Beth was quick to say, "Dan, I'd love to stay at your house again tonight and learn more about the man who is my knight in shining armor. Let me get my things together and I will be ready to go in just a few seconds. I'm going to take one of my suits from here so I won't have to go home and pick something up."
I picked up my laptop and put it in the carrying case then looked around my desk to make sure there wasn't any sensitive company information left out in the open. When I walked into Beth's office she was standing by her desk doing some last minute preparation. She looked up and saw me then smiled and said, "I'm ready to go."
We walked to my car and got in. I drove over to the gun shop Mary suggested we go to and when we pulled into the parking lot, we didn't have to wait long for Mary to arrive. We got out and Mary smiled broadly when she saw both of us and came over and gave each of us a hug and kiss. We walked into the gun shop together and I was impressed by the large selection of all types of weapons from bows, rifles, shotguns to hand guns. Mary introduced me to the owner of the shop and he asked me what I was looking for. I told him that I wanted something for personal protection. I looked around a few minutes before Mary suggested I look at the Glock hand guns. Making a selection took about a half an hour, but I chose to purchase two Glock Night Raptor M12 hand guns. I also picked up belt holsters and enough ammo for Kim and me to become proficient in shooting and hitting what we were aiming at. The shop owner took care of all the paperwork and calling in to do a record check before he packaged everything for me.
We left the gun shop and Mary smiled saying, "I know you will be happy with those Glocks. They have the night sights on them."
Beth and I got into my car and Mary followed us in the unmarked police car as we drove to my house. We carried on some small talk during the trip and I found out Beth was really excited I had invited her back to our home. I smiled when Beth said she couldn't wait to talk privately with Kim and tell her how much fun she had last night in our suite. When we arrived, I pulled into the garage and Beth said, "Awww, home again. I love this place."
I smiled at Beth saying, "Someday you might say that and it will be completely true."
Beth turned and looked at me asking, "What are you talking about Dan Morrison?"
I looked at Beth and while smiling I said, "Maybe, someday, you might find a place out here that is appealing to you and you may move out of the city. That's all I'm saying."
We got out of the car and Mary met us in the garage and walked into the kitchen with us. There was a flurry of activity as Kim, Jenna, Terry, Shelly and Hanna rushed us and hugged and kissed Beth and me. I looked around and asked, "Is there another party scheduled for tonight or something?"
Kim stepped back and said, "There's no party tonight honey, honest. We're happy to see you home safely. We all missed you so much last night."
I said, "Ok, well I'm ready to get out of my clothes so I'll be back in a few minutes."
Beth asked Kim, "Will I have the same room I had to other night?"
Kim smiled and said, "No honey come on, I'll show you to your room. Ted and Marion are going to stay over again tonight."
Kim hooked her arm in Beth's and they walked off towards the stairs. Mary looked at me and said, "I'm with you; let's go get naked."
As we neared the stairs, Marion came walking out of the den and saw me. She quickened her step and came up to me and gave me a hug and kiss then said, "Welcome home, Dan."
I kissed Marion and said, "Thank you."
As Mary and I started up the stairs, she was already stripping off her clothes as she walked. Her blouse and bra was off by the time we reached her room but she turned asking me, "Do you need some help?"
I smiled before saying, "I never turn down an offer like that."
Mary followed me into my room and into my closet where I put the bags containing the new hand guns on the shelf. Mary attacked me and soon I was down to my boxers. While I was hanging up my suit, Mary fell to her knees in front of me and yanked my boxers down my legs. The mere fact that a female was on her knees in front of me was enough to make my cock hard and bounce upward once it was freed from its restraint. Mary stroked me a few times then stood up saying, "Hey mister...... mister..... my panties are too tight, could you help me?"
I looked at Mary and she was doing her best little girl look with her lower lip pushed out and drooping on one side. Her eye lips were closed half way and she was looking up at me with her head bowed a little. I couldn't hold back and burst out laughing and Mary started again saying, "Please help me mister ...... my lil cunny is hurtin' from my panties being too tight. Please take them off me mister......"
In almost a whisper Mary continued, "I'll do anything for you if you help me, mister."
I stopped laughing as I sunk to my knees and immediately went to work on Mary's belt, the snap on her pants then pulled down her zipper ever so slowly. I looked up at Mary and smiled then looked down again and hooked my thumbs into the waist band of her pants. Mary automatically did the side to side hip action that most all females do to put on or take off their pants, which aided me in pulling her pants down over her hips. While her pants were pooled at her feet my eyes stared at Mary's white lace boy shorts panties pulled tight enough to give her a camel toe. I looked up at Mary and smiled saying, "Oh, I can see what's causing you to hurt and I can only fix it if I remove your panties."
In that same little girl voice Mary asked, "Please mister, will you take off my lil lace panties so they won't hurt me anymore?"
Playing along with Mary's game I said, "Sure, little girl, I'd love to see your bald lil pussy. Hold still, I'm going to pull your panties down now."
I hooked my fingers into Mary's panties and pulled on them and baring her hip bones on the sides then slowly I saw the top of her pubic mound come into view. With steady downward pressure I pulled until I could see the top of her bald pussy before I paused and leaned forward and kissed the top of her slit. I heard Mary gasp and felt her legs wobble as I extended my tongue and licked the small portion of her slit visible to me. Mary exhaled loudly saying, "OHHHH, that feels so good."
I continued to pull down her panties while my tongue searched for Mary's clit. When I had Mary's pussy completely bared, the gusset of her panties stuck in place and I had to put my finger between her legs and push it down. I immediately felt the wetness on that cotton panel and I couldn't wait to smell it. I pulled the panties the rest of the way down swiftly and Mary instinctively stepped out of them. She looked down at me as I raised her panties to my nose and rotated them until that damp cotton gusset was under my nostrils. With our eyes locked, I breathed deeply several times. Mary watched me then finally said, "Oh Dan, you are a very special man. You know how to make a woman feel special."
I slowly stood up and as I did before I moved my face next to Mary's face then brought her panties up to our noses and simply said, "Breathe."
Both of us took several deep breaths, smelling the wonderful scent of Mary's feminine juices. I looked at Mary saying, "This is such a heavenly scent. I am so happy you want to share this with me. Thank you."
Mary said, "On the contrary Dan, you are the man who knows how to really treat a woman and make her feel on top of the world. You always say and do the right things. I only wish you would teach other males how to act and behave."
Mary wrapped her arms around me and was kissing me passionately when Kim and Beth walked into our bedroom and Kim called out, "Dan, are you still in here?"
Mary stopped kissing me and peeked around the door of my closet into the room saying with her girlish giggle, "I captured him. He's in here with me. Come in, it's nice and cozy in here."
Suddenly, both Kim and Beth appeared at the open doorway of my closet and Kim said with a huge smile on her face, "Mary, didn't I tell you we have to share him. You can't capture him and whisk him off to a secluded closet and keep him all to yourself."
Mary broke out laughing as she reached out and pulled Kim and Beth into the closet then closed the door saying, "OK ladies, I'll share but only with a select few, if you get my drift."
I looked around saying, "But don't I have a say in these matters?"
Kim turned to me saying, "Hush up, you, this is woman business. We'll let you know when you can talk."
All three women broke out laughing hysterically, giving high fives to each other. I finally interrupted them saying, "I feel so used, just like I'm a piece of meat or something."
Shy bashful Beth patted my hard cock saying, "Don't worry we won't make you wait too long. Will next year fit into your schedule alright?"
Once again hysterical laughter resounded off the walls of my closet and all three females were slapping high fives. I looked at them saying, "Later, all of you will be begging for a piece of me, you'll just have to sit and watch as I give it to those who can appreciate a fine male stud like me."
Kim said, "OK stud, let's go down stairs and take an opinion poll. My bet is once the other girls find out we cut you off, they won't be giving you a chance either."
I walked out of the closet leaving all three females in there, congratulating themselves. Suddenly there was a rush of activity behind me and Kim was the first to come up behind me saying, "Oh please forgive me master for forgetting my place. Please allow me to bow and worship you." Then she started laughing hysterically all over again sparking the other two to join her.
I turned and looked at the three of them then waved my hand and saying, "That's it; all of you are cut off. No more for any of you."
Kim was quick to say, "Dan, honey, you can't cut us off, you don't know where we're getting it from." Once again the three females exploded in laughter as I walked towards the bedroom door with them following close behind me.
We walked down stairs and Jenna asked what all the noise was about. While Kim was explaining, I went to the refrigerator and got a cold bottle of water and sucked about half of it down before stopping. I listened as the girls ranting and raving but I didn't say anything. I garnered some sympathy from Jenna, Terry, Hanna and Marion but they still giggled right along with Mary, Shelly, Kim and Beth.
In an attempt to change the subject I asked, "Does anyone want to take a swim before dinner?" Terri rushed to my side followed closely by Hanna, then Jenna and the four of us turned and walked out on the deck headed for the pool. We ran the last few steps to the pool and all of us jumped up in the air and cannon balled into the water. We came up laughing and playfully splashing water at each other. The three girls shrieked as they splashed water at me and at each other. Jenna was the first to dive under water and swim towards me then between my legs while stroking my cock twice on the way through. I looked down and saw her lovely slim body but best of all, when she kicked to propel herself the rest of the way through my legs, I saw her lovely bald pussy nestled between the top of her thighs.
Both Hanna and Terri saw me looking down then realized Jenna wasn't splashing water with them anymore. Jenna surfaced on the other side of me then reached around my shoulders and said in my ear, "I love you, dad."
Jenna said to Terri and Hanna, "I swam through daddy's legs and his cock got in the way so I had to stroke it a few times to get it out of my way."
Terri and Hanna swam over to Jenna and me and I held out my arms to them. Each of them chose a side and moved right in and hugged against me. I looked at each of them then said, "I love all of you. Thank you for being who you are."
We stood together in the water up to our necks and Jenna moved around to the front of me in between Terri and Hanna and wrapped am arm around each of their shoulders before saying, "I am so lucky to have a dad who has room in his heart to care and love the way you do. A short while ago none of us knew each other and now we are family and I love sharing my daddy with Terri and Hanna."
Jenna turned her face towards Terri and kissed her lips them turned her face towards Hanna and kissed her lips before she leaned in and kissed my lips. We hugged and exchanged I love you, with each other. Instead of swimming we remained locked in our four way embrace and I was the only one who have his feet on the bottom of the pool. We talked quietly amongst ourselves and I truly enjoyed having the nude bodies of the three girls pressed against me.
All too soon Kim came out on the deck and yelled to us, "Dinner is ready, come on in, before it gets cold."
Hesitantly, we un-wrapped our arms from around each other and walked slowly towards the steps leading out of the pool. Terri went ahead of us up the steps and to the towel cabinet and pulled out four towels and handed one to each of us. We dried our bodies and walked towards the house and the wonderful aroma of dinner drifting through the air to our nostrils. Suddenly, I was very hungry.
Inside, the table was set and the hot steaming food was meticulously placed on the table. Ted came walking in from the living room and we greeted each other. We took our seats and enjoyed a fabulous meal topped off with a wonderful desert. The conversation flowed well during our meal with everyone contributing something. I marveled at the fact everyone was so comfortable and seemed to accept each other almost as if they were all family.
Kim asked, "Is anyone interested in moving out to the pool where we can float around and still enjoy great conversation?"
Everyone stood up and headed out the door towards the pool. This time most of us walked into the water while Hanna, Terri and Jenna once again entered the water via cannon ball. I asked if anyone wanted to play water volleyball and everyone cheered. I got out of the pool and got the net and we stretched it across the pool then I tossed the ball into the water. We chose sides with Ted, Kim, Mary, Beth and Jenna on one team and Marion, Shelly, Terri, Hanna and I on the other. The game started and the score stayed even for a long time without one team holding a major lead over the other. Each side was providing good natured banter towards and against the other side. The first game ended with Ted's team winning. My team went into a huddle and we decided we wanted a re-match so we challenged them with the stipulation that we kept the same teams. During the second game my team played hard and we beat them by four points. Ted's team cried foul saying they weren't ready for the last point serve. We agreed that two out of three games would decide the champions for the evening. Suddenly Kim piped up saying, "Let's make this last game more interesting. The losers have to cook and serve dinner for all of us tomorrow then do the dishes when it's over. What do you say?"
Once again my team gathered in a huddle and we talked and finally I stood up saying, "We accept your challenge."
Kim was quick to add, "I can't wait to see what you're going to make me for dinner, tomorrow."
Shelly joined the friendly banter by saying, "Kim, we'll be handing you our menu in the morning so you'll have plenty of time to get dinner ready."
I spoke up saying, "Ok, let's put your asses on the line and play this game."
We played hard and the lead jig sawed back and forth, not more than two points apart at any time. When we were down to the last couple of points, Terri said, "Ok, let's put them away so they can start planning what they'll be cooking for us."
I was next to the net and spiked a good one which wasn't returned. Terri served the next ball with Marion next to the net and when the ball came to her she jumped up and slam dunked the ball which wasn't returned. I called out, "One more point, come on we can do it."
Terri served again and this time Ted jumped up and spiked the ball and after three attempts on our side to return the ball we disheartenly watched it drop into the water on our side of the net. I tossed the ball over to their server and turned to my team saying, "We can still do this, we are up by one point and if we sink this one, we win. Let's get that ball!"
The ball came sailing over the net and Hanna popped it up towards the front, Shelly was under it and sent it flying over the net and we watched as the other team swatted the ball a few times before successfully sending it back to us. I was under it this time and I popped it up towards Marion who gave it a swat towards Terri, who made a right handed hit sending the ball back to the other team. This time, Beth was right there to smack the ball and send it back toward Shelly who jumped up and we all heard a loud crack as she spanked that ball and sent it flying towards the center of the pool and the hole where no one was standing. Ted dove forward, Kim threw herself sideways, Beth reached out, Mary and Jenna tried to move forward fast enough to put the ball back up in the air, but in the end, the ball splashed untouched into the water. There was a brief moment before the girls on my team realized we had won and then all hell broke loose with them rushing towards each other screaming and jumping up and down. Then they attacked me and continued to scream and jump. I smiled at them saying, "IF you think you are excited now, wait until we are enjoying our meal tomorrow night."
I looked towards the other side of the net and saw Ted had his team in a huddle. When they broke their huddle they all yelled, "WE WON!"
Suddenly the girls on my side of the net got quiet and stared at the people on the other side of the net. Finally Marion said, "You didn't win, we did."
Ted smiled at us saying, "We only let you score that last point because we know if all of you cooked for us, we would have starved to death."
The good natured teasing continued as everyone moved to the shallow end of the pool, shook hands and congratulated each other on a great game. Everyone was bubbling with emotions and even the losing team was happy.
Standing in the shallow end of the pool some people in the group sort of levitated towards others as we talked. I noticed Terri and Hanna moved close together and were holding hands while I saw Beth was sandwiched between Mary and Shelly. Ted and Marion were standing together holding hands while Kim, Jenna and I were standing next to each other, but without any body contact. About five minutes after the game ended we decided to get out of the water and have a drink. The small groups walked up the steps out of the pool together and after drying off we moved over the chairs. Everyone spread out their towel to sit on and Kim asked, "What does everyone want to drink?"
Marion and Jenna stood up beside Kim and took drink orders then the three went into the house to get the drinks. When they returned they passed the requested beverage to each person then took their seats.
Ted broke silence by asking Beth and I about our trip. I started off by saying we had a wonderful trip. I told them about being taken right to the hangar where the company planes were kept and that I could choose which plane I wanted to use. I told everyone we flew this trip on a Lear Challenger 600 which had luxury seating in the front, a lounge and even a wet bar. I told them we had our own pilot who flew exclusively for our company and two stewardesses.
Beth talked about Joe and the others who took care of moving our bags so we didn't even have to touch them until we were in our suites. She also talked about the company's plane we took and how much room it had. She finished by saying, in general terms, how well she thought I conducted business, under pressure.
Kim hugged my arm saying, "I knew they chose the right man for the job when they chose Dan. He's always had a mind for business."
I spoke up saying, "If you like what you're doing then it really won't seem like a job."
Terri suddenly smiled saying, "Dad, that's so true."
I asked how the evening went here at the house and suddenly I heard some snickers from some of the females around the table. I looked around and Marion said, "Mr. Stud, over here, made us an offer thinking he could keep up with all of us horny women. Although he did a fairly decent job, he could have used some reinforcements to fully take care of us."
Ted smiled saying, "It was a lot of fun trying to keep all these women happy. I did my best, Dan."
I smiled and said, "Ted, as long you gave it all you had, then no one can complain. I tried to tell Kim I won't be young forever and that she needs to start lining up some boy toys to help satisfy her in her old age."
Kim smiled and said, "Jenna brought Kevin home with her and he's got the hots for this old lady."
Jenna smiled saying, "Yeah, Kevin loves coming here. He says my mom is a MILF. He's constantly begging me to invite him back out here."
Mary said, "Jenna, maybe you should invite him. All of us could gang up on him and fuck his brains out. His cock wouldn't come back up for a week."
All the females around the table laughed before Jenna added, "Mary, you have an idea. I'll invite him to come out on Saturday. We'll ride that cowboy until he can't walk. I'll order a wheelchair so we can get him home afterwards." Once again all the girls broke out laughing and I looked at Ted and we smiled but didn't say a word.
Finally Kim asked, "How did your night go, Beth? Did Dan make sure you were well taken care of?"
Beth looked at me with a surprised look on her face and I nodded my head giving her approval to tell everyone about our evening. Beth smiled sheepishly at me and then she asked, "Which part of the evening do you want me to tell them?"
I replied, "Start wherever you want and tell as much as you want. I'll wait until you finish before I add anything."
Beth said in a quiet voice, "I enjoyed last night and I'm not just talking about the exceptionally delicious dinner we enjoyed. Once we were back in the hotel suite I explained to Dan that I had a fantasy which I've never acted on because it wouldn't be safe for a single female to do. Dan promised to protect me and be with me if I chose to act out my fantasy."
Kim said, "Beth honey, all of us have fantasies and if you get a chance to turn them into a reality, then you have to go for it and just do it. That is as long as you are going to be safe and you aren't going to be hurt or arrested for it."
Beth smiled, and then started telling her story. She was very articulate about her feelings prior to making her fantasy come true, while acting out her fantasy and very descriptive after she completed her fantasy. By the time Beth finished her story, everyone was congratulating her. Beth made sure to tell everyone she was only able to turn the fantasy into reality because I was in the room to keep her safe.
Jenna sat in her seat and said, "Beth, I understand what you mean completely. Like you, I've been raised as a nudist and plenty of people have seen me nude but it's a sexual turn on as well as a sensual experience for me to be seen partially or completely naked or stripping naked for someone who isn't a nudist. My pussy gets so wet when I do something that shows off part or all my body. I love to watch the expressions on people's faces when I strip naked in front of them. I just take off my clothes and carry on a conversation with them as they watch me. The morning Tony, his wife and sisters came here to talk to Terri, I was all dressed for work but I took time to strip naked in front of them. It was great and their facial expressions were worth millions."
Terri said, "I remember that morning. Tony's eyes were glued to you and his wife and sisters couldn't believe you were stripping naked."
Mary looked at Jenna and smiled before saying, "I'd like to go with you some day when you are going to do something. Of course it would have to be away from here where no one would recognize me."
Jenna replied, "We can do that."
Kim said, "It's getting late, I think I'm going in to take a shower and get ready for bed."
We watched as Kim stood up and as she was pushing her chair up to the table Ted made a wise crack saying, "Kim, I volunteer to wash your front of you'll wash my back in the shower."
Kim looked at Ted then walked over and said, "I never turn down a helping hand, come on big boy. When we finish we'll see if we can mess up that bed of yours. How about a little one on one and we'll see who lasts longer?"
Ted replied, "That sounds like a challenge or a dare. Which is it?"
Kim smiled at Ted saying, "You can take it anyway you want it and I'm not talking about your question either."
Ted looked at me then stood up when I didn't say anything. Kim hooked her arm into Ted's arm then looked at Marion asking, "Marion, you won't mind sharing a bed with Dan tonight, will you?"
Marion smiled saying, "Not at all. Kim, I want you to know in advance, I'm going to make your man scream."
Jenna spoke up saying, "I want to help you, Marion."
I looked around the table and asked, "Don't I get a choice in this?"
Jenna smiled saying, "Sure dad, you get a choice. You can choose to do your best or we'll just use you, drain you and leave you like a piece of meat."
Looking around at all the faces, I finally said, "Now that you said it that way, I guess I will do whatever I can to make sure I do my best."
Mary stood up saying, "Since Ted is going to be out of service for awhile, Shelly and I will lock up and make sure everything is working before we take this hot little woman up to our room and ravish her body."
Everyone stood up and pushed their chair in towards the table then started walking inside. Marion came over and stood beside me and I reached down and patted her ass cheek saying, "We are going to enjoy tonight."
I watched as Terri and Hanna walked into the house together holding hands. I looked around the deck then walked towards the house with Jenna on one side and Marion on the other. We were followed by Mary, Beth and Shelly. Once everyone was in the house Mary slid the glass doors closed and then locked them. She pushed the button and the vertical blinds slowly moved across the windows then she turned to me asking, "Is there anything else that you want done before we head upstairs?"
"Yes, I want to check the front door and I want to look at the monitors before I go upstairs." I said.
My entourage and I walked through the house checking everything, including the front door, before we walked towards the den. All of us walked into the den and I stood between Marion and Jenna while Beth was in the middle and holding hands with Mary and Shelly. I looked at all the monitors and said, "This camera system is really great and well worth the money we spent for it. I love how your crew disguised the cameras so people won't know they are being watched."
Marion pointed to a monitor saying, "This is the new monitor we put in when we mounted the pinhole camera in the door and disguised it as a peep hole you find in many doors. Now you can see who's at the door before you open it. There is a monitor in the kitchen as well so you don't have to come in here. We set up a separate recorder for that camera so it won't be mixed in with the others. Dan, this is the best and most technical system we've ever installed. Ted asked if he could take some pictures of this system and use them in our premiere book."
I looked at Marion saying, "Of course he can take pictures of this system and use them. I'm proud of this system your company installed for me."
After a few minutes of looking at the different monitors I said, "Let's head upstairs and see what's going to happen."
When we got to the bottom of the stairs I moved my hand for the females to walk up ahead of me when Beth said, "Dan, you are staying behind again so you can look at our pussies as we walk upstairs?"
I smiled saying, "Those sure are cute lil things and I never miss a chance to look at one."
All the ladies walked up the stairs ahead of me and I enjoyed the view of all those beautiful bald pussies peeking between the tops of their thighs. I couldn't make up my mind which one I wanted to look at, so my head was like windshield wipers moving side to side all the way up the stairs. My eyes locked on to each little crack as the pouty lips were well defined between each girl's legs. I was truly in heaven gazing upon these gorgeous components of their female bodies.
We reached the top of the steps and started down the hall. We passed Terri's room and we noticed that she and Hanna were laying flat on their bed holding hands. All of the females took turns saying good night to them and then I added, "Good night Terri and Hanna, I love you, sleep well."
Each of them smiled at me and took turns saying, "I love you too, good night."
When we reached Mary's room all of us stopped and there was a quiet moment before Beth said with a huge grin on her face, "Dan, in a special way I love you too. Thank you for this opportunity to explore with these two ladies. Please have a good night, I know I will."
Mary and Shelly took turns saying good night. Then Mary added, "Dan, you know that we love you too and we promise to make your secretary such a very happy lady, she'll never want to leave you."
I said good night to them then stepped forward and hugged each of them to my naked body. I whispered to each one, "I love you."
I stepped back and reached out for Jenna's and Marion's hands. Before the three of us walked down the hall, we stopped briefly to look into Ted's bedroom. The moment we looked in on him, he had his face buried between Kim's thighs and Kim was moaning and her hips were pumping up and down. We could hear Kim saying, "That's it, right there, oh lick me right there."
While we were watching, Kim said, "Ted get up here and turn around so I can suck your big cock while you lick my pussy."
Ted scrambled up the bed and positioned a leg on either side of Kim's head and we watched as Kim reached up and grasped Ted's cock and pulled it towards her waiting mouth. She engulfed his cock and Ted moaned loudly as he pushed his hips downwards burying his cock in the depths of Kim's warm, wet throat. He pumped his hips a few times before he went back to licking Kim's clit. Both of them moaned as they pleasured each other.
I smiled looking between Marion and Jenna saying, "It looks like they're enjoying themselves, so what do you say we go into my room and see if we can give pleasure to each other."
We started walking into my room when Marion said, "Dan, you'll never know how much this means to me. Ted used to be a very jealous man until we started coming out here to your house. He was never mean to me but I always knew I had very strict limits. What's really going to make this evening very special, is your daughter Jenna is going to be with us. I think that's really hot. When Ted and I have children, we've decided to continue our nudist lifestyle."
Jenna smiled at Marion saying, "I can't wait to lick that beautiful and delicious looking pussy of yours. Before tonight is over, I'm going to lick your pussy while my daddy is fucking you. I want to taste your mixed juices."
Marion let go of my hand and stepped over to Jenna and hugged her saying, "I hope I have a daughter just like you some day. You are such a sweetheart."
Jenna said, "I've got to pee and then I want to douche and take a quick shower. Do you want to join me?"
Marion said, "I think I'll do the same thing. Come on, let's go."
The three of us walked into the bathroom and Jenna sat down on the toilet. I walked over to the shower and started the water running and after both girls finished peeing, I walked over to the toilet and lifted the seat and started pissing. Marion watched me as I shook my cock a few times when the stream finished flowing out of my cock. Jenna finished douching and left the water running for Marion. Soon Marion joined Jenna and me in the shower and we washed her body since both of us had already washed but she did her best not to get her hair wet. When we finished we dried off and Marion grabbed my hand half dragging me towards the bedroom saying, "I've waited long enough, let's get started."
Jenna said, "Go ahead and have some fun, I'll join both of you right after I dry my hair."
I crawled up on my bed and immediately rolled onto my back. I looked down at the end of the bed and saw Marion crawling towards me with a look of lust in her eyes. My cock stood straight and twitched as I anticipated what was going to happen momentarily. Marion used her fingernails and scraped them up and down my thighs while staring in my eyes before she said, "Dan, tonight it's my turn to be loved by you. I want to feel what the others have described they felt when you made love to them. My body is yours to do with as you want."
I continued to look into Marion's lovely eyes saying in a low voice, "My dear, I truly appreciate the gift you are about to give me and I will do my best to make sure you soar into heavenly scintillation."
Marion purred as she realized she was going to be taking another man's cock into her body for the first time since she had married Ted. She moved up my body until I was looking up directly into her eyes above me. I watched as she moved in seemingly slow motion towards my face and I saw her lips poised to kiss me. Marion closed her eyes and I closed mine a second before her tender lips touched mine, kissing me lightly at first and then pressed harder against mine. I felt the tip of her tongue push against my lips and I opened my mouth to receive her. As we kissed, my hands roamed down her body and I cupped her wonderful small, round ass cheeks. Then I brought my hands up and cupped her deliciously firm "C" sized tits with their pink, eraser sized nipples.
After we had kissed for a few moments, Marion started to move down my body, kissing me as she moved. She reached up with her thumb and index finger on each hand and pulled my nipples then she rolled them before she pinched them enough to send a shiver of pain through my body. Moments later she would release my nipples and start the process over again while she continued to kiss and lick my body near my cock. The sensation of Marion's hot breath on my bald ball sack was overwhelming. Marion moved her face and licked the underside of my cock with only the tip of her tongue. My cock involuntarily jumped and twitched. Marion smiled up at me saying, "I think he likes the attention."
I looked down at Marion saying, "That feels great. The only thing that would feel better is your nice warm mouth surrounding my cock, sucking it and maybe deep throating it."
Marion smiled as she licked the rim at the base of my cock head before she said, "I am going to take my time and enjoy the moment."
I smiled then started pumping my hips to the ministrations Marion was paying to my rock hard cock. I saw Jenna walk out of the bathroom and stop in her tracks to survey the scene before her. Marion was on her knees so it didn't take Jenna long to decide what to do. I felt Marion jump when Jenna crawled behind her and touched her exposed clit. Marion uttered a guttural sound of pleasure and kept licking my cock as if it was a lollipop.
Jenna moved and lay down between Marion's legs and reached up and pulled her hips downward until she could lick her clit. Marion moaned, "Oh my God, that feels so great."
Marion engulfed my cock in her warm wet mouth and started sucking me and I pumped my hips in rhythm with the up and down motions of her mouth on my cock. Suddenly Marion began to shudder and shake as she experienced an orgasm spawned by Jenna licking her clit. As Marion was coming down from her orgasm she said, "That's it, I've waited long enough, I have to have your wonderful hard cock inside me, NOW!"
I smiled up at Marion and in one quick move I reached around her and hugged her to me before I rolled both of us over until she was on the bottom. Marion began pleading, "Dan, I want you, and I want to be on top. Please get up so we can switch back."
Looking into Marion's eyes I said, "You aren't ready yet. I have something for you and you're going to wait." Then I leaned down and took Marion's right nipple between my lips and licked the end of it with my tongue. Marion closed her eyes and moaned softly while I sucked and nibbled on her tender nipple. After a few seconds I switched to her left nipple drawing a louder moan from Marion. As I kissed her nipples they jumped to attention and she moaned, indicating just how very sensitive they really were.
Jenna moved up the bed beside Marion and lay down. She watched as I manipulated Marion's nipples before I moved backwards and began licking Marion's slim body, first her navel and then lower to her pubic mound. I began licking her pussy lips and every so often I would flick her clit with my tongue. She would gasp every time I did. Then I moved back up her body and I pushed my tongue into Marion's navel and her hips lifted off the bed and squirmed in a rotating motion as her whimpers grew in volume. I moved my hands under Marion's hips and held her up off the bed so I had full access to her pussy. I moved lower again and I blew small puffs of air at Marion's clit, she screamed begging me to make her cum. I smiled to myself and lightly licked her clit causing her whole body to shake and vibrate as she once again gasped at the sensations racing through her body. Finally, I granted Marion's wish and attacked her pussy with my tongue, licking and tongue fucking her until I had her laying before me as a mumbling mass of flesh. I was taking my time and every time she was almost ready to orgasm I would halt my actions and allow her to beg me to continue before I honored her request. I finally used my thumbs to pry open her ass cheeks to expose her rosebud asshole to my view and my searching tongue. The first touch of my tongue on her tiny pink rim caused Marion to produce a guttural sound and as I pushed my tongue into her ass, she screamed and placed her middle finger on her clit and rubbed it furiously. Jenna realized I didn't want Marion to have an orgasm yet so she reached down and pulled Marion's hand away from her pussy and held it at her side. Between screams and moans of pleasure Marion begged me to allow her to have an orgasm saying, "Dan, pleeeeeeeease! Don't stop, whatever you do, don't stop now! I can't stand it anymore, I need release. Oh God, Dan pleeeeeeeeeease! You have to......... I need to.......
OH MY FUCKING GOD ......... PLEASE! LET ME CUM!"
Hearing Marion beg only spurred me on as I continued to tease her clit by sucking it into my mouth, trapping it between my teeth and toying with it using only the tip of my tongue. I realized Marion also loved me to tongue fuck her asshole and each time I moved down there she would shriek and the sound would echo and reverberate around the room. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Ted and Kim standing near the bed with their arm around each other watching Marion and I.
Now that I had an audience I opened Marion's ass cheeks wide and plunged my tongue into her ass and swirled it around. Marion gasped, screamed and went into a convulsive like state as she rotated her hips making it almost impossible to keep my tongue inside her rosebud. Her body shook and quivered as her orgasm overtook her. Marion's eyes rolled back in her head as she continued to scream, almost non-stop. A few minutes later, when Marion's orgasm started to fade I pulled my face back and noticed Jenna had helped me by massaging Marion's clit while I had my tongue buried in her ass. I smiled at my daughter saying, "I love a kid who takes after her parents."
Jenna smiled at me then looked around the room saying, "Gee dad, we woke up everyone in the house." I sat up and looked around and she was right, everyone was standing around our bed looking at us. Marion was drenched with sweat and still gasping for breath, although much quieter now. Her body was still being hit with tremors as her orgasm subsided.
Marion tried to talk but her voice was raspy from all her screaming so she settled for a thumbs-up sign and a huge smile. I looked up at Marion's face and asked, "Are you ready for round two and this time you get to ride on top and do what you want to do."
Marion looked wide eyed at me before asking in her raspy voice, "Dan Morrison, are you fucking crazy, sadistic, or both? You just finished rocking my world with the most explosive orgasm I've ever had and you have balls enough to ask me if I'm ready for round two while I'm still basking the afterglow of the first one."
Marion looked over at Ted and said, "Honey, I hope you aren't upset with me but I just experienced an orgasm unmatched by any I've ever had before, even though I've had some super great orgasms with you."
Ted was all smiles when he replied, "Marion, I could never be upset with you. You are my partner for life and I am so happy we found this loving family and I want you to explore and I want you to experience everything."
Marion looked at Ted and Kim saying, "I haven't even had Dan's cock inside me yet and I feel so magnificent after that last orgasm. Ted, since you're standing here would you do me a favor if Dan agrees?"
Marion looked at me and asked, "Dan, would it be alright with you if I got on top of you and we let Ted line your cock up with my pussy so I can take you inside me?"
Ted exclaimed, "Marion! Do you know what you are asking me to do? I've never touched another man's cock."
Marion was looking at me, I'm not sure if my shock was showing, but I didn't say a word for fear that everyone would find out how nervous I was. Finally Marion said, "Ted, you are the only man I've had inside me and if you weren't here I would have done it myself but I want you to be part of this new chapter in my life. But only if both of you agree."
Kim finally spoke up saying, "I agree with Marion. It's not like she is asking you and Dan to have sex, she only asking you to hold Dan's cock while she gets into position to take it inside her."
Ted dejectedly looked at me and I looked at him without any words being exchanged between us. Finally, Jenna added, "Ted, dad, please remember our family policy of confidentiality. Anyone not related to us, standing in this room, has signed a statement so no one can leave here and talk about what we see or do here. As one of the many females here, I've always wanted to see two or more males have sex with each other, but I will be happy to see a male holding another male's cock."
Looking directly at Ted, then at me, Jenna added, "All Marion is asking for is that Ted hold dad's cock until she slides down on it and takes it into her body. If you would take a poll right now, I'm sure the majority of us here would like to see both of you do much, much more."
Surprisingly to both Ted and me, there was pandemonium amongst all the females in the room, agreeing with Jenna.
I stared blankly at Ted and he stared at me before he finally said in a not so steady voice, "Dan, you haven't said a word, but I want you to understand we are outnumbered. Even though we are, I can see where they are coming from since we have watched two or more of the females touch each other and we got sexually aroused. All I'm going to say is, I'm not gay but if this stays in this room only, I am willing to try to do what Marion asks."
I looked around the room at all the females and I saw the look of anticipation on each of their faces. I looked into Kim's eyes and we traded silent messages. I looked at Jenna and she was all smiles waiting for me to say something, anything. I glanced to my left and saw Terri standing with her arms around Hanna and both of them were smiling and there was a look of wonderment showing on their faces. I looked back to my right and saw Mary, Beth and Shelly standing side by side with Beth in the middle and Mary reached down and inserted her finger into Beth's bald pussy causing Beth to moan. I looked down at Marion and her eyes were sparkling with delight as she apparently took my silence as acceptance to her proposal. Finally, I looked back at Ted and Kim hoping against hope one of them would say something that would make this decision much easier.
Once again Jenna broke the silence by saying, "This is killing me so I'm just going to ask. Dad, Ted, I have a fantasy of watching two guys jerking each other's cock until they cum. Would both of you play with each other's cock and jerk each other off until you cum?"
There was a collective gasp from around the room because Jenna had said what each of the females in the room was thinking. My head snapped around to look at Ted and Kim who were still holding each other and I asked, "Oh fuck, how did we go from Ted holding and lining up my cock with Marion's pussy to Ted and me jerking each other off?"
Ted smiled saying, "It looks like we have a decision to make ole buddy. Do we fulfill the fantasy or do we disappoint? I am a total heterosexual guy and although I've never had any inclinations towards another man, I just encouraged my wife to explore a few minutes ago. So, if I am going to practice what I preach, then it looks like I have to say yes to the request."
Suddenly Beth spoke up saying, "Only last night I heard the same thing. Someone in this very room advised me to explore my fantasies and ask for help to complete my fantasies. I'm with Jenna and probably all the other females here. Each of us, I'm sure, would love to watch two males make love to each other, but I will settle for watching them play with each other's cock. I'm not trying to make this anymore difficult than it is for two adult heterosexual males to decide what to do, but I want to remind you, this is an ideal situation. Although we might witness anything you do, no one can leave here and talk about it."
I smiled at Ted, then at Kim, before looking at Marion and Jenna laying on my bed and smiling at them. Looking back at Ted I said, "If we can get these two females to move, I am willing to try if you are."
Ted visibly gulped before replying, "Which one of us is going to wear a skirt?"
The females in the room roared with laughter and it took a few seconds for them to calm down. Then Kim said, "Marion and I will help you two get started if you want."
I looked at Kim asking, "Will you respect me in the morning, if I do this?"
Once again the females roared and Kim said, "Honey, you know I love you and always will. There's nothing you can do that would make me lose respect for you."
Marion spoke up next saying, "Ted, I love you and if you can do this with Dan, we will have a bond stronger than ever before. I agree with what Kim said."
Marion and Jenna moved off the bed and I looked at Ted before asking, "Well buddy, here goes nothing. Would you like to get down here on my bed with me?"
Ted moved slowly as he lowered his body down onto my bed. I looked at Kim asking, "What do we do to get started?"
Kim crawled on the bed and said, "I'm not sure what the two of you want to do but if you were going to lay down with me, then one of the first things we would do is kiss as we allow our hands to roam over each other's body."
Marion moved in behind Ted to give him the same support that Kim was giving me. I looked at Ted and asked, "Are you sure you want to do this? We have always made it a policy in this house that all participants have to consent to any contact or sexual acts."
Ted looked back at me saying, "I'm fucking nervous as hell and I want you to know I'm still a virgin."
Terri was the first to say, "Relax Ted and let it happen, dad will be gentle with you."
I looked at Ted and although I had no romantic attraction to him, I marveled at the unique situation I found myself in. Just a moment ago, I was going to be the first man to make love to Ted's wife. Now, in a weird turn of events, I was going to be the first man to make love to Ted. Suddenly I realized my hands were sweaty and my stomach was doing flip flops. I have never been as nervous as I was at this minute.
Ted and I lay down on the bed beside each other without touching and I looked over my shoulder for direction from Kim and she simply said, "Move closer together and try not to think of being in bed with another male and just do what you would naturally do if you just got into bed with me."
I looked at Ted one last time before asking, "Are you ready to explore and provide a conclusion for their fantasy of watching two males?"
Mary said, "Ted, if you do this, I will make my body available to you whenever you want it for whatever purpose."
Shelly echoed Mary sentiments. I heard Jenna, Kim, Beth and Terri offer me the same thing so I figured a few moments of exploration was going to be worth having female bodies at my disposal.
I reached out with my hand and picked up Ted's cock and wrapped my hand around it. I can't describe the feeling of holding another man's cock in my hand other than its fucking weird. A few moments after I picked up Ted's cock, I felt his hand wrap around my cock and a shiver surged through my body. Cheers rose from all the females gathered in the room as they watched Ted begin to stroke my cock and I started to stroke his. Then a chant started with, "Kiss him..... Kiss him."
Once again I looked over my shoulder at Kim who said, "Only if you two want to."
I looked at Ted and saw he was looking over his shoulder at Marion to get advice from her. I continued to stroke Ted's cock and for some reason, after a few minutes of stroking, it didn't seem to matter to me anymore. Ted looked back at me then closed his eyes and started moving his face towards mine. The first touch of his lips on mine was something less than stimulating, but to make it look good I kissed him once, twice and the third time we stayed connected for a few seconds longer than we had previously. I pulled back and Ted opened his eyes and I said, "This is certainly fucking weird but at least I'm getting used to holding your cock."
Kim said, "Why don't you guys switch around so you can jerk each other off and Marion and I will switch sides and we'll keep your mind busy by kissing each of you."
After a brief hesitation I got up to move and once again cheers broke out among the females watching us. True to her word, Kim moved over on Ted's side of the bed and Marion moved around until she was down on the bottom of the bed with me. I gripped Ted's cock and started stroking it without any fanfare and Marion leaned over and started kissing me with plenty of battling tongues. Ted was reciprocating by slowly stroking my cock. All the females I've ever been with have stroked my cock but for some reason it felt weird to me, knowing it was Ted who was stroking me now.
Jenna spoke up saying, "Daddy, you know I love you and always will."
I looked at Jenna knowing something more was going to come out of her mouth any second when she worked up all her courage to ask. Finally Jenna asked, "Daddy, will you do your lil girl a favor and suck Ted's cock, so I can watch you? I'm sure I speak for all of the females in the room when I say, my fantasies have included watching two males sucking each other's cock."
Ted choked and started coughing when he heard Jenna. I involuntarily gasped in surprise. I looked at Jenna and asked, "Jenna baby, are you sure you want to see your daddy suck Ted's cock?"
Jenna replied, "Daddy, I'd really love to watch you suck his cock, but only if you want to."
Kim was watching me and when she saw me looking at her she simply nodded her head and went back to kissing Ted. I looked at Marion who was smiling from ear to ear. After a few moments of indecision and a few more of hesitation I moved just a little so Ted's cock was near my face. It seemed everyone in the room was holding their breath waiting to see what I was going to do. Silently, I made my decision and as I looked up at Jenna she moved next to me and leaned over and took Ted's cock away from me, opened her mouth and swallowed the head of his cock then allowed the rest of it to slide into her mouth. Ted moaned and looked down to see Jenna sucking his cock. Jenna pulled off and looked at me saying, "Your turn daddy."
Without any further thought I leaned forward and imitated Jenna's actions by swallowing the head of Ted's cock and then moved my head downward so the rest of his cock could slide into my mouth. Suddenly I felt a warm mouth on my cock and when I looked out of the corner of my eye I saw Jenna doing the same to me as she had done to Ted. When she pulled away I watched Ted move in and follow Jenna's lead. Both of us were sucking cock and the females in the room cheered loudly and clapped their hands. But it was Terri and Hanna who moved up on the bed and sat right next to us and watched both Ted and me pleasure each other.
I moved my tongue around the base of Ted's cock head the way I loved having it done to me and soon Ted was moaning and pumping his hips towards me. Ted caught on to the way I moved my tongue and he started doing the same to me. I involuntarily moaned because it felt great. It wasn't long before I pulled off Ted's cock and quietly said, "Ted if you keep that up, I'm going to cum."
Marion immediately replied, "Ted, keep doing what you're doing and make him cum in your mouth for me. Baby, I love you so much."
Without saying a word Ted continued to suck my cock while his tongue swirled around the base of it. It didn't take long and I felt my cum start to move rapidly towards the end of my cock. I groaned saying, "Oh fuck, that feels so good and here is comes."
For the first time in my life I filled another man's mouth full of my cum and I could feel him trying to swallow it as shot after shot blew out of my cock. When I felt my orgasm start to fade I renewed my efforts to suck Ted's cock and soon his moans grew louder as he pumped his cock ferociously into my mouth. Suddenly he groaned saying, "Here it comes."
Like Ted, I did my best to swallow each shot but he was pumping sporadically and suddenly my mouth was full of cum as well as Ted's cock. With my comfort level at a medium level I continued to swallow until all the cum was out of my mouth and then I licked Ted's cock until all his cum was cleaned off his cock. When I finished I looked up at everyone standing around and suddenly all of the females crawled up on my bed and sat down. I moved around so I sitting up against the head board of my bed looking at everyone.
Beth, my quiet secretary spoke up first saying, "Dan Morrison, you are truly a man of your word. I am proud to call you friend but even more than that, I'd love to be able to call you my lover if that's ok with your family."
Kim was next saying, "I knew from the beginning my man was special but we have two very special heterosexual men here, girls. I never told Dan about my fantasy to watch two males because the subject has never come up. We've always done whatever we wanted and tonight we added another chapter to our continuing story. I realize that each of you, who are not immediate family, have signed a confidentiality statement, but I'm going to suggest we make a pack between all of us to protect our special men and never speak about anything they have done here tonight or may do in the future. Men like these two don't come along every day, so we need to protect them at all costs."
Marion spoke next saying, "Ted and I are so grateful to be with people like all of you where we can feel comfortable enough to explore. I agree with Kim. As a female with the same fantasy as all of you, we need to protect these special men who are willing to put it all on the line to fulfill our fantasies."
Kim asked, "Do each of you pledge to keep our play time to this combined little group and no one outside the group assembled here and now will ever learn about these wonderful men?" Each one of the women in the room raised their right hand and agreed to the pledge, as their bond.
I looked at Ted then raised my hand in a high five and said, "This would never have happened under any other circumstances. But I want to tell you, if asked, I would suck your cock again."
Ted smiled at me before saying, "I guess that labels us as bi-sexual now because like you, I would suck your cock again."
Then Ted looked around at all the females sitting on the bed before he added, "Please do me a favor and never ask Dan or I to have anal sex because that's where I draw the line. I won't even consider doing that with any man."
I looked at Ted saying, "Oh yeah, I forgot about that. I won't do that either."
Mary started moving up the bed towards me saying, "Dan, I think you have some unfinished business to take care of and you can't do it with that limp noodle lying between your legs. I'm going to get your cock hard so you can fuck Marion and take her virgin, exclusive, Ted only, pussy."
Ted smiled at Marion and said, "Babe, this time I won't have any problems holding Dan's cock so you can slide that wonderful piece of meat inside you. Come over here and lean this way so Dan can kiss your mouth while I'm kissing and sucking on your titties. That way it will give Mary time to work her magic on Dan's cock."
It didn't take Mary long before she had me standing straight up and leaned back showing everyone she has special skills when working with a wilted cock. Marion moved down and straddled my hips. Ted reached between her spread thighs and tenderly gripped my cock and stroked it a few times before he said, "Ok my love, slid down this love pole and enjoy yourself."
Everyone watched as Marion slowly moved her hips downward until the mushroom head of my cock parted her glistening pussy lips. Marion paused and took a deep breath and said, "One big cock for Marion Johnson and one more cock for Ted and Marion Johnson."
Everyone in the room seemed to be holding their breath as Marion slowly slid her sopping wet, tight and hot pussy down my cock until I was completely buried deep inside her. To make sure she was totally impaled on my cock, Marion ground her pubic area against mine. There was a collective sigh heard when Marion said, "Oh my God, Dan, your cock feels so good inside me. Thank you, Ted and Kim, for making all this possible."
Jenna scrambled forward saying, "Daddy, I want you to lick my pussy while Marion rides your cock."
Jenna straddled my head and presented her puckered rosebud asshole and her deliciously wet, small pussy for me to lick and suck. As I attacked her asshole Jenna leaned forward and pulled Marion into a hug then she started kissing her. Marion was breathing in small gasps as she continued to grind her pubic against mine in sporadic moves, jerking at times when my cock head pushed against her cervix. Kim and Ted sat together at the bottom of my bed so they could watch my cock disappear into Marion every time she rose up a little before settling back down.
Jenna had two orgasms before she finally fell off to my right side, then turned around and laid her head on my shoulder and watched Marion satisfy herself. Marion rode my cock about ten minutes before she asked, "Dan, would you take me missionary style so I can feel this wonderful cock pumping into my pussy?"
I looked up at Marion saying, "Darling, I will take your wonderful tight pussy any way you want me to."
I pulled Marion down to my chest and Jenna moved off my shoulder and I rolled Marion and I over so I ended up on top and I didn't even have to take my cock out of her. When we settled into position I pushed myself up on my hands and started to pump my cock into Marion. I picked up tempo and the sound of slapping skin echoed in the room.
Marion's breath became ragged as she bucked wildly under me. As the moments passed she moaned breathlessly whispering, "Please, Dan, don't stop, whatever you do, don't stop now! I've waited so long for this to happen. Oh...fuck this is so good. Dan, you are so good at this. Don't .....ohhhhhhhhhhh...... my....... GOD............. DON'T STOP!"
Marion's body was engulfed in another mind boggling orgasm as I began to fill her waiting pussy with a load of my cum. The combination of both of us enjoying mutual orgasms caused both of us to be very vocal. Marion's body went rigid and her pussy squeezed my cock in the final spasms of her orgasm. Then she relaxed and collapsed on the bed breathing heavily at first then steadily slowed. Sweat was dripping off my chin as I leaned down and kissed Marion and said, "Thank you for such a lovely ride. You are an amazing woman and Ted is a very lucky man."
Marion said, "Don't pull out until we are ready to get up because I don't want to leak all over your bed."
I said, "Let me move us to the edge of the bed and then you can get up and we can go get a shower and come back. I hope our guests will wait for our return so we can talk."
Slowly without pulling out of Marion's pussy I moved us to the edge of the bed. We moved rapidly off the bed and Marion and I disappeared into the bathroom. Kim and Ted followed us into the bathroom and Marion went right to the toilet and sat down to pee. When she finished Kim took her place while Marion adjusted the bidet and douched. Kim asked her to leave the water running in the bidet and when Marion stood up, Kim took her place. I turned the water on and adjusted it in the shower and Ted and I stood under the water waiting for our wives to join us.
I looked at Ted and said, "In your wildest nightmare, would you ever have guessed that you would suck another man's cock?"
Ted looked at me and said, "If another man had even touched my package, I'd have broke both his arms off and fed them to him. I am totally surprised at what happened here tonight with so many witnesses, I'm a little nervous that someone might say something. I'm not ashamed of what we did but at the same time, I don't want anyone else to know, if you get my drift."
I looked at Ted, then down at his cock and said, "I'm just as nervous as you are, I think. Kim and I have always been open with each other and although she has always engaged in sex with Jenna, the subject never came up about me being with another man until tonight. I meant it when I said I would experiment more if the occasion ever arises again."
Kim and Marion stepped into the shower with Ted and me then Kim said, "I want you to know, both of you guys have a bunch of drooling pussies out there in the bedroom. You fulfilled a female fantasy that is barely ever satisfied. I know watching both of you made me so wet; it's a wonder I didn't float off the bed."
Marion said, "I love both of you guys. After watching both of you tonight, I feel we are a new team and there's nothing that can break our new bond."
We finished our shower and all of us stepped out and dried off. Ted and I walked back into the bedroom and found everyone still in there sitting on my bed talking. We moved to the head of the bed and crawled on and sat with our backs to the headboard. Kim and Marion joined us a few minutes later with Kim beside Ted and Marion beside me.
I started the conversation with, "Things got a little wild here tonight and both Ted and I are more than a little nervous, but not regretful over what happened. We talked in the shower and have decided that we want to stress upon all of you the importance of not letting the event of this evening leave this room."
Mary spoke up and said, "We were talking about this while all of you were in the shower and we fully understand the ramifications of the double standards in this country. Two females can get away with almost anything while two males will be vilified. I speak for all of us when I say we took a second oath not to say anything while the four of you were in the shower. There is truly something special about the two of you and we want to keep it that way."
Ted smiled saying, "Mary, Shelly, I am so glad that I assigned you this detail."
Hanna looked at me then at Ted saying, "Before tonight I knew this family was special, but now I understand, all of those who have contact with you are special too. Thank you for accepting me and allowing me to be a part of this wonderful group."
I looked around the room at everyone and said, "All of you are welcome to be here any time you want to. Our door will always be open for you. But tomorrow is going to be a very long day if we don't settle down and get some sleep."
One by one everyone got off the bed and we all hugged each other and exchanged a meaningful "I love you" then they headed off to their own rooms. Ted and Kim were the last ones in my room when Ted stepped up to me and extended his arms. I stepped into his arms and we hugged like never before. Our cocks were pressed together yet neither of us avoided the contact. Ted whispered in my ear, "Dan, you're really are a special man. Thanks for the experience."
I looked at Ted while we maintained the contact at our hips and I said, "Thank you, too. I am privileged to have a friend like you."
We stepped back from each other and immediately Kim stepped into my arms and Marion into Ted's arms. We each kissed our wife and then they stepped back and switched places. Kim smiled and said, "For tonight, Marion and I have decided we are going to keep the man we started with, try to get some sleep because Ted and I have some making up to do."
Marion hugged me then said to Kim, "I love you, Kim."
I hugged Marion to me and said, "Don't worry, Ted, I will keep her safe."
Ted smiled saying, "I'll keep yours safe too."
Marion and I crawled into bed and I reached up and switched off the lights. We snuggled and talked quietly about the events of the evening. Soon our hands were wandering over each other's body and we tenderly kissed. I pulled back and although I couldn't see Marion, I knew she was smiling. I whispered, "You know, we will have to be quiet if we do this, otherwise we will have an audience again."
Marion whispered back, "I don't care about the audience but I do want this time to be only about you and me, our needs and our satisfaction."
"Do you want to be on top again?" I asked quietly.
Marion replied, "The top was fun for me, but this time I want you to make slow, tender love to me. No, hard and fast fucking this time, just slow tender loving moves."
I put my hand on Marion's stomach as I started tenderly kissing her then I moved my hand downward until my finger was at the top of her bald slit. Sliding a little lower I touched her clit and Marion jumped. Extending my finger into her tight pussy I found she was very wet. I gathered some of her female juices on my finger and moved up to her clit and started to slowly massage it. Marion began to moan in my mouth as we continued to kiss. Suddenly Marion pulled away from our kiss and said, "Dan, I love you in a special way, I hope you understand. This is so surreal for both of us to freely make love while our partners are in another bedroom possibly making love. Thank you for all you have done for Ted and me."
Marion had been stroking my cock and I was rock hard again so I moved and when I got up on my knees, Marion moved her legs apart, giving me full access to her lovely pussy. She held my cock and guided me to her waiting juicy organ and I allowed my cock to slide past her outer lips and into the hot, slick and tight hole. I couldn't hold in the moan that escaped my lips as I felt the muscles of her pussy grip me. Marion whispered with her giggle, "So Dan, you must like that little wet spot down there."
I smiled even though the room was dark and Marion couldn't see me then whispered, "Oh Marion, you are so tight and you feel so good wrapped around my cock. You are wet enough for me to slide into you and make it feel absolutely wonderful."
I started to move my hips slowly and my cock slipped back and forth inside Marion's love tunnel. Marion brought her legs up and wrapped them around my waist and every time I pulled backward she would use her legs to make to move me forward and slide back into her. We kissed and whispered sweet things to each other as we made tender love. Finally Marion warned me she was going to have an orgasm and I asked her to wait a few moments and I would be able to cum with her. I increased my tempo but not the slamming sex we had earlier. I said in a strained but quiet voice, "Marion, I'm going to cum in just a second, are you ready too?"
Marion was breathing rapidly and finally started to gasp and stiffened in spasmodic moves signaling her orgasm had over taken her body, so I released a torrent of cum as I pumped into her lovely gripping pussy. My body jerked as my own orgasm surged through my body. In the afterglow of our orgasms I remained on top holding my upper body off Marion's and allowed my cock to shrink inside her while we quietly talked. Marion giggled and when she did she forced my cock to pop out of her pussy and she immediately wanted to roll over saying, "I have to go so I don't leave a wet spot on the bed."
Both of us got up and walked into the bathroom and while Marion was peeing and douching I started the shower again and we both stepped in just to rinse our bodies off. I told Marion how much I enjoyed her body and especially rubbing my hands over her while washing her. Marion moved into hug me and pressed her wet body against mine. We stood in the shower under the warm water rubbing our bodies together for a few minutes before I suggested we get some sleep. We finished our shower, dried each other off, and both of us crawled back into bed.
We moved close together and once again our hands explored up and down each other's body as we talked quietly and giggled foolishly, as sleep crept up on both of us.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** Please take a couple of seconds and vote for this story.
** Your vote rates the story/chapter and Literotica uses your votes to rate the authors.
** Please click on one of the stars below:
1 Star (you didn't like it) all the way up to - 5 Stars (You loved this chapter)
Chapter 11, as of July 11th, has had 15,628 readers and only 594 readers voted.

****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
The Morrison family: Dan, Kim, Jenna and Terri Powell
Lawn/Landscaping crew: Tony and Patty Williams,
Tony's sisters: Barbie and Beth Williams
Security crew: Ted and Marion Johnson
Helpers: Pet and Jeff
Police Officers: Officer Mary Davis, Officer Shelly White
Terri's Friend: Jeff and Tina Simpson
Jenna's Friends: Lisa Thompson, Becky Harris and Kevin Brown
Additional victim of Harold: Hanna Lindquist
House cleaning crew: Ashley and Paul Brennan and Sarah Green
Gus and Debbie Brown and Joe Newton
Store owner: Harold Gordon
Salon owner: Bill Jefferson
Photographer: Pete Jensen
Bill Smith: Pool cleaner
Dan's executive secretary: Beth Thompson
Dan and Beth's secretary: Kelly Jones
Dan's Chairman of the Board: Tom Banks
Tom's executive secretary: Brenda Summers
Chauffer for Dan and Tom: Joe Bailey
Pilot for the company: Captain Bob McGrath
Dr. Roberta Collins