I couldn't believe this. I was caught fucking on CCTV!! It was recorded!! My brain was flooded with questions....Shit what do I do? This is my office. What if the firm finds out? I'll be fired! Who was spying on me? I re-read the email. "Await further instructions."? With my heart racing I knew: blackmail.
Fashback to the CCTV footage from the 17th floor, me bent over, skirt lifted, ass bare, getting fucked from behind......I knew I had to pay them anything they wanted to save my job. Stupid me! Letting my desire for a stranger lead to this......it was a good fuck though, but am I ready to pay the price for it?
The office was filling up as my colleagues started their day. I nodded to several of them, barely able to speak. It was hard to focus. I struggled to keep up at the mid-week meeting. I barely paid attention to my boss detailing the brief. The morning was excruciating!! When were the instructions coming? By lunchtime I was a nervous wreck. I refused to order any meals. I couldn't eat. I was waiting apprehensively for what comes next. An anonymous email popped up on my computer. Immediately alert and heart racing I opened it and read.
WE DON'T WANT MONEY. IF YOU COMPLY, THE FOOTAGE WILL BE DELETED. BUT IF YOU DON'T DO AS INSTRUCTED, YOUR DIRTY VIDEO WILL BE SHARED WITH YOUR MANAGEMENT. REPLY BACK WITH YOUR COMPLIANCE. YOU HAVE 5 MINUTES.
My hands shaking. I knew this wasn't a choice if I had to save my job. I replied.
I COMPLY
It took a few minutes of excruciating waiting until I got another mail.
SLUT LIKE YOU NEEDS NO UNDERWEAR. TAKE OF YOUR BRA AND PANTIES. PUT THEM INTO A GARBAGE BAG FROM THE BATHROOM ALONG WITH THOSE RIPPED HOSE. LEAVE THE BAG NEAR THE BIN AND LEAVE THE BATHROOM. REPLY WHEN THE TASK IS DONE.
Hmmmm. OK. So they want my underwear, the pervs. That's fine. I rushed into the bathroom and found a fresh black garbage bag in the closet under the sink. Ducking into a stall, I grabbed the ripped pantyhose stashed in my handbag. I wriggled out of my lace thongs putting both into the bag. I took off my white blouse and shrugged off my bra dumping it into the bag. I buttoned my blouse back on. Tying the bag while coming out of the stall, I placed the bag on the ground next to the bin. No-one will notice it here. Looking at myself in the mirror, I was taken aback. My skirt was too short and without the pantyhose and thongs I knew I was completely vulnerable. I need be extra cautious of accidently exposing my pussy and ass if I bend down. Fuck, and my darker nipples were slightly visible under the white of my blouse. I looked like a slut! In spite of my difficult predicament however, there was a little thrill of walking around like this! I loved to tease men with my looks and I felt somewhat excited at the looks I might get....I am indeed a slutty little minx! Oh well. I shrugged and left the bathroom, and the bag behind. Upon entering the office, I was hit with the cool air conditioning. Shit, my nipples were getting hard!
Walking back to my desk, tits bouncing, nipples poking through my shirt, the male eyes drawn towards my chest. I was blushing with embarrassment, but weirdly enough turned on. I sat at the computer and typed.
TASK COMPLETED. PLEASE DELETE THE FOOTAGE.
I didn't need to wait long. New email.
OH NO SLUT. WE ARE NOT DONE USING YOU. AWAIT FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS.
My blood went cold. I knew then that this will not be easy for me.
How I got through the rest of the day I don't know. Male colleagues sniggering as I walked by. Tits jiggling with every step my nipples hard. At around 3pm, a supervisor dropped file and asked me to pick it up in front of a group of leering perverts who enjoyed a flash of my bare pussy. I was flushed with humiliation and even more embarrassingly, I was getting wetter! I spent the rest of my work hours at my desk checking my mails every minute for instructions. Where the fuck where the instructions, it was nearly close of business?
5pm. Finally a mail! I hurriedly opened it.
HERE'S WHAT TO DO SLUT. GO INTO THE BATHROOM. WAIT TILL THE OFFICE IS EMPTY. WHEN THE TIME IS RIGHT, PULL YOUR SKIRT UP TO YOUR WAIST, UNBUTTON THAT SHIRT, WRITE EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE ON YOUR FOREHEAD IN LIPSTICK. THE ELEVATOR WILL ARRIVE AT YOUR FLOOR. YOU CRAWL INTO IT ON ALL FLOORS.
Shit. This is too humiliating. I replied.
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS.
The response was quick.
YOUR CHOICE SLUT. WE'LL BE WATCHING.
Oh god. I have to do it.
People around me were winding down for the day. Gathering their belongs ready to head out. Remaining at my desk, I watched as the floor started to empty out, pretending to type.
"Late hours Irisa?" a male colleague asked standing over my desk clearly leering down my shirt.
"Yes Arnold. Need to finish this brief for tomorrow's case." I said before dismissing him. "Have a good evening. See you tomorrow." He looked disappointed as he turned to the elevator and joined more people exiting.
With fewer people around, I grabbed my bag and dashed into the bathroom. Hurriedly mouthing "bye" to random colleagues as I passed by, my tits jiggling as I stepped into the ladies room. I noticed then that the garbage bag with my underwear and ruined stocking was gone! "Who are these people?" I muttered to myself. They must be maintenance to be watching me on camera and take my things without being noticed!" I ducked into a stall.
What was I feeling? Shame. Embarrassment. Anger. But deep down, a stirring. Being ordered was a turn on. Not knowing what would happen next was something I never felt before. It was making my cunt wet. I patted myself dry with tissues. These bustards must never know how much this was making me horny! I pulled my skirt up to my waist. My ass and pussy were now fully exposed. Further unbuttoning my shirt exposing my hard-nippled tits. "Oh well." I sighed to myself. Taking a vanity mirror and red lipstick from my bag. I carefully focused on my forehead, writing the word SLUT neatly in red. This is exactly what I was. Letting a stranger fuck me and then letting more strangers order me to humiliate myself and deep-down, liking it.
The air-conditioning turned off. Leaving the room deadly silent. This means that the floor is empty. Furtively stepping out of the stall, I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. The red SLUT was just stating the obvious as I stood with my skirt bunched at my waist and shirt unbuttoned. I quickly looked away in embarrassment and stepped out checking that no colleague was witness to my shame. Thankfully it was only myself in a warm room. Leaving my bag at my desk. I slowly walked to the elevator. The display indicated it was at the 12th floor slowly heading up. Breathing deeply I got on my knees on all fours. The cold tile was smooth but hard against my hands and knees. I stared at the floor in disbelief at how this day went horribly wrong. Now I await my tormentors to punish me for my indiscretion.
DING. The elevator doors opened and to my surprise it was empty! I obediently crawled in looking around. The doors silently slid shut but the elevator didn't move. I was stationary on the 20th floor. It was then that I spotted a 8 inch long, thick, veiny pink dildo at the corner near the console. Perplexed, still on my knees, I reached for it and inspected the item which I could wrap my hand around. It was clearly new, bought for the purpose.
"Hello Ms. Irisa." I was startled dropping the dildo and looking around before realising the sound came from the elevator camera which I didn't know had an emergency speaker.
"Good to see you are an obedient little slut. Will you comply?"
I looked at the camera at my faceless blackmailer or blackmailers.
"Yes." I whispered barely audible
"In future you address us as SIRS and louder slut! Try again."
"Yes sirs!" I declared loudly this time turning pink with embarrassment.
"Good slut. I see you found our gift for you."
I eyed the pink dildo and took it into my trembling hand.
"Since you obviously like to perform for the cameras you need to give us a show."
"We operate the lift. No-one will know you are here being our cam slut."
I sighed. This was something I was good at. I often performed for my boyfriends and enjoyed giving a show. In spite of myself, I was excited.
I slowly cupped my breasts in my hands kneading them, eyes closed as I pinched and lightly twisted my nipples until they were hard.
"There's a good whore..." the voice continued.
With one hand in my breast, I moved the other down my body and dived into my wet lips. I moaned as I rubbed my clit and continued as I take the dildo and wrap my mouth around it.
Looking directly at the camera, I start to suck the head and move it in and out of my mouth. I was getting so hot knowing that these bustards were getting hard. Lying on my back, legs apart I continue to suck the dildo taking it deeper into my mouth while I finger my wet hole with two fingers. That's it, almost there!
Pulling my wet fingers out, I push the saliva covered dildo into my wet hole and slowly move it in and out. Licking the pussy juices clean I continue to fuck myself and use my other hand to rub my breasts.
"What a whore." Said the voice, breathing heavily this time. "You love this. Being used like the slut that you are. Controlled and humiliated.
I start to thrust the dildo harder as I feel an orgasm building up.
"Tell the camera that you are a dirty whore."
Moving the dildo faster, breathless I utter
"I'm a dirty whore."
"Loudly slut!"
"I'M A DIRTY WHORE!"
I scream loudly as my body shakes and eyes roll up. A wave of pleasure hits me almost making my head explode. I whimper in the aftermath of cumming hard on the elevator floor while watched by strangers.
My shame complete. They saw me cum. They know I enjoy this. I am their toy now to use as they pleased.
I was stunned as the elevator started to move up and the voice on the speaker blared.
"Very good slut. The night is about to begin for you whore."
Floor number 24, the rooftop.
DING. The elevator doors open.
Stunned from cumming hard and in anticipation of the unknown. I crawl out.
To be continued.....