There is nothing like being young in the summer. I remember the summer after graduating high school like it was yesterday. I had a boyfriend, I was getting ready for college, and I had the whole summer to relax. I lived in Chicago, but I got away from the hustle and bustle of the big city as often as I could. My boyfriend Craig loved to take long drives in the country with me, and we would drive a few hours west of the city deep into the Illinois farmland.
I remember one day that summer much more vividly than the other days. It was July 16th, 1995, and we had taken a long drive west, past DeKalb and into a very rural area. It was a hot muggy day, with the temperature hovering near 90, even though it was almost dusk. Craig had been trying to convince me to make love outside all summer, and I was still refusing to try that. I was terrified of getting caught in the act. I was barely 18 years old, and my parents didn't even know I had started having sex, although I'm sure they suspected it.
"Let's go to Dairy Queen and get some ice cream," Craig suggested as we entered the corporate limits of a town with a population in the low triple digits. We pulled into the parking lot and went inside the cool air-conditioned Dairy queen. I had a strawberry sundae with extra whipped cream, and Rick had a chocolate dipped soft serve cone. The ice cream cooled me off, and I sat down at the booth to enjoy the taste.
"So, Miranda. What do you say?" Craig asked.
"Um...about what?" I responded, even though I knew what he was asking about.
"It's pretty isolated out here. Why don't we find a place to have sex outdoors?"
"No, Craig! I've told you, I'm not going to do that. We can do it at your place or my place, but I'm scared that we will get caught if we do it outside."
"C'mon, Miranda. We're in the middle of nowhere, I'm sure we can find a secluded place."
I was firmly against the idea of having sex outside. Although the idea sounded very erotic, I was terrified about getting in trouble. I had never even gotten a speeding ticket, and I didn't want to risk getting into any kind of legal trouble.
"O.K. Hey, how is your Sundae, Miranda?" Craig asked.
"Mmm...it's really good, try a bite!" I fed Craig a bite of my sundae, being sure to get some of the strawberry sauce on the spoon along with the ice cream and whipped cream. He let me have a taste of his chocolate dipped cone. A drop of ice cream dripped down onto my red tank top.
Craig's offer to have sex outside had gotten me very turned on. I still didn't plan on doing that, but I wanted to offer him a compromise so he wouldn't be disappointed. I told him my idea as we walked out of the Dairy Queen and back into Craig's white Ford Taurus.
"Craig, how about we find a secluded place and fool around inside the car?" I offered as he started the car.
"You would be comfortable having sex in my car?" He asked. I should have been more specific; I was way too paranoid to have sex in the car, but thought he might like to fool around with our clothes still on as foreplay. I wanted to turn him on and then go back to his place for sex later.
"No, not that. I'm sorry; I just don't think that is a good idea. I meant we could make out. You can feel me up if you want to!"
"O.K., I can't complain too much about that, Miranda. Although I still think you are being too paranoid. We are in the middle of nowhere, out in the country. I think it would be a great experience. Imagine feeling the air on our bare skin, Miranda. Imagine hearing the crickets chirping as we make love outdoors."
"I'm sorry, Craig, no. Let's find a secluded place to fool around in the car. If it seems safe, and I'm sure nobody is around, maybe I'll give you a blowjob in the car." I said that without even thinking about it. I figured that would get him to stop pressuring me to have sex outside.
"O.K., that sounds good!" he reacted. I put my hand in his lap as he drove. I could feel his erection through his shorts.
We drove through ten more miles of cornfields. It was starting to get dark outside. I reached into the back seat and found a map. "Hey, Craig, there's a park nearby, turn left at the next intersection."
"A park? Miranda, I thought you were scared of getting caught. A park is going to attract a lot of people on a hot summer evening. I was thinking about finding a field."
"A field? We are just doing stuff in the car, Craig. We need to find a place to park."
"I just think a park is too crowded. Let's turn left here." He turned onto a dirt road.
"Craig, this might be someone's private property!" I yelled.
"You worry way too much. Hey, look, there's another road!" Craig turned onto another dirt road. We were definitely on someone's farm. I saw a big shed of some sort, and a lot of rusty farm equipment. On the left side of the road there was a corn field, and on the right side of the road was a big grassy clearing with the shed and farm equipment. Craig drove behind the shed.
He started to kiss the side of my neck, but I was still nervous. I got out of the car to scope the area out. The grass was long; it looked like it hadn't been mowed for a month. I walked all the way around the shed. Across the dirt road there was a corn field; beyond that I saw a small farmhouse. Most of the lights were out. I looked at my watch; it was 9:30. I hoped that everyone was sleeping in the house. At least we would have privacy with the car parked behind the shed, I thought.
"O.K., this seems pretty safe." I got back into the passenger seat of the car. I tilted the seat back all the way and lay down the best I could; it was hard to get comfortable.
"Miranda, you look so hot tonight!" Craig complimented me. I had on a tight red tank top, accentuating my above average 36C chest, and jean cutoff shorts. I hadn't put on much make-up that day. My long red hair flowed down below my shoulders.
Craig got on top of me and started to kiss my lips. I eagerly kissed him back, exploring his mouth with my tongue. Our tongues danced together, and I started to pant as his kisses got me really turned on. I went crazy when he started to kiss my neck and collarbone; there is one spot right by my collarbone that sends me through the roof when it is kissed.
I reached under Craig's white t-shirt and started to play with his nipples. I felt his erection grow as he started to move his hips against my body. Even though we were both fully dressed, we were going through the motions of sex with our bodies. I felt like we were living out the Meatloaf song, "Paradise by the Dashboard Light."
Craig kicked things up a notch when he put his hands under my tank top and fiddled around with my bra. He reached around my back to unclasp it. "It's in the front, Craig!" I told him. He moved his hands around and tried to unclasp it. I lifted my tank top up to my neck to give him a better view. I had on a lacy black bra. He finally found the clasp and undid it, letting my breasts spill out. It felt really sexy when he started to feel me up, gently playing with my breasts. I lifted his shirt up above his head and helped him remove it.
"Oh, Craig, this is fun!" I exclaimed. My fear of getting caught had subsided a bit, and I was enjoying the moment. It felt great to have him fondle my tits. I kissed his bare chest as he gently tweaked my nipples, getting them hard and pointy. He touched me under my arms, which I found very pleasurable. I started to kiss him on the lips again.
I felt his hands start to lift my tank top off above my head. I protested for a minute, but he quickly talked me into it. My bra was already undone, and I threw it in the back seat. It felt good to be topless with Craig, but the semi-nudity was making me nervous about getting caught.
After about five minutes of heavy kissing, I shed my inhibitions. I started to feel safe, knowing that the car was out of view from the road. I unsnapped Craig's shorts, and put my hand on his erection. He had a pair of white boxers on under his tan shorts, but I could feel his enormous erection through the cotton. I stroked him over the boxers, feeling his pre cum as it soaked the front of his boxers.
"Oh, Miranda. God you turn me on! This is so cool. There is nobody around for miles; it's just the two of us. I want to fuck you so bad, honey!"
"Maybe we should go to your place."
"I don't think I can wait that long. That's almost two hours away! C'mon, Miranda, this place is secluded enough. Let's do it!"
"I think its safe enough, but it's not comfortable enough to have sex in the car. I need room to move around when we make love!"
"No, not in the car. Right outside the car."
He was still trying to convince me to have sex outside.
"No, Craig, not outside. I'm too scared to do it outside. How about I give you a blow-job?" I figured that the prospect of a blow-job would be enough to change the subject, but he was really obsessed with making love outside.
"Please?" he said in a funny voice. "Pretty please, with sugar on top?" he begged.
"No, Craig, not outside." I put my hand inside his boxers, feeling his bare cock for the first time that night.
"O.K., I'll drop the subject. What a shame...a hot summer night, a secluded location, two horny bodies, and no sex outside." Craig jokingly whined.
Craig unzipped my shorts and put a hand on my black lacy panties. He put his other hand on my bare thigh. He knew that my thigh was my favorite spot to be touched besides my pussy, and he started to rub my thighs with both hands.
"I thought I was the one who was supposed to be pleasuring you, Craig!" I laughed as he massaged my thighs. I barely protested when he pulled my shorts all the way off. I was now wearing just my skimpy black panties and nothing else. My nervousness was quickly fading away as my horniness made me forget about my fears of being caught.
I had closed my eyes and I was really enjoying the feeling of his hands on my body when I felt his mouth on my legs. I opened my eyes and saw him kiss his way up my legs to my thighs. Then he put his mouth right on my pussy through the black panties. I could feel his hot breath on my pussy through the thin layer of clothing. I was getting really turned on. I was hoping to receive a pussy licking; Craig knew how to please me orally, and I couldn't wait to feel his tongue on my mouth.
"Oh, Craig. Mmm...that feels so good. I just wish we were on a bed; this car seat just isn't comfortable for this kind of activity." I was lying on my back with the seat all the way back, but my feet were on the dashboard. Craig was hunched over my lap, and his position looked very uncomfortable.
"Well, it would be more comfortable outside. I know you don't want to, honey, but is it really any riskier than what we are already doing right now? I mean, look around. You are practically naked already, and it seems really secluded here."
Craig had a good point. I was really turned on, and no one would see us behind the shed.
"O.K. I'll do it. I can't believe you talked me into this, Craig!"
"Relax; it'll be an experience to remember."
"I don't want to sit on the grass. My clothing will get all dirty!" I said. This was my final objection to the idea, but Craig had an answer for that.
He got out of the car and opened the trunk. He looked so sexy standing there without his shirt on. His chest was covered in short black hair; he had just the right amount of chest hair. He worked out a few days a week; and his rippling muscles made my pussy moist. He pulled out a large red and white striped beach towel from the trunk.
"You planned this all out, didn't you?" I jokingly accused him.
"Actually, I keep a towel in the trunk anyway in case we ever go to the beach" he replied.
Craig spread the towel on the ground. "To show you how safe we are out here, Miranda, I'm going to get completely naked right now."
He took off his shoes and socks, and then dropped his shorts and boxers to the ground. He stood on the towel nude. I stared in awe at his cock. It was standing straight up, fully erect. I suddenly wanted it inside of my pussy, even though I had just been planning on having oral sex outside.
"Look around, Miranda. Nobody is around for miles!" Then Craig did something dumb. This turned out to be pivotal for what happened to us late that night. He ran around the shed, and streaked up and down the dirt road for a few minutes. I wasn't worried at the time, since I was still behind the shed, but I should have realized that his streaking was a bad idea and called the plan off right then and there.
"Craig, you're crazy!" I said as he jogged back to me. He was out of breath from his run, and his cock was dangling between his legs. I gave him a playful spank on his bare butt. "Get over on the towel, you big moron!" I took his hand and led him to the towel. I still had my panties on. I did a little erotic dance, swaying my hips as I looked him in the eyes and teasingly pulled the panties down a few inches. He stared at my crotch as I teased him, pulling them down but not off. Finally, I turned around and dropped them to the ground, letting him look at my bare ass. I turned around again and faced him. We embraced and kissed as we stood there stark naked. I felt a nice cool breeze on my bare skin. "I think we're alone now!" I said as I kissed him. "Now put your arms around me as we tumble to the ground!" This was the late 1980s, and the remake of Tommy James's "I Think we're Alone Now" by Tiffany was constantly on the radio.
I ended up flat on my back. The towel felt soft and comfortable. I could feel the grass on my bare feet; this really turned me on, as it was a reminder that we were outside. I suddenly realized how exciting this fantasy was, and I understood why Craig had been so pushy about making it a reality. I looked up. The moon wasn't all the way full, but it was close to being full. I saw huge oak trees above our heads, and tall grass all around the towel. I heard the quiet sounds of a nearby stream.
Craig positioned his body on top of mine and guided his cock into me. I felt the tip of his cock penetrate my pussy lips, and I spread my legs wide to let him slide all the way inside me. He was still for a moment once he was all the way inside me, giving my pussy a chance to adjust to the full feeling.
We started to make love in a nice steady rhythm. It felt so good having his cock gently slide in and out of my wet pussy. I felt his bare cock moving deep inside me, and he moved his hips in circles to hit different spots in my pussy. I wrapped my arms around his ass, helping him plunge deeper into me.
We kissed like lovers in heat as we started to increase the tempo of our movements. I pushed my hips up to meet his harder thrusts, and I let him really screw me good. I wanted him to shoot out a load of hot come inside me. "Oh, Craig!" I moaned. He was hitting some good spots inside me.
"You like fucking outside, baby?" he asked me.
"OOH! Fuck, me, Craig" was my response. I was really getting into it. A leaf from the nearby oak tree flew into my hair. I felt the grass on my bare feet. Although it was still hot out, the night air was cooling things off a little; I felt a refreshing cool breeze on my naked skin.
I passionately kissed him. He was moving faster; I knew he would come soon. I felt his hand on my left breast; he kneaded and squeezed it, making my nipple rock hard. I was bucking my hips furiously, and I was moaning and groaning very loudly, taking advantage of the secluded location to really let my inhibitions free.
"Fuck me hard! Oh, give it to me. Oh, yeah, this feels so good!" Craig just pounded away at my pussy, grunting and moaning as he fucked me hard. My eyes were shut as I let him fuck me, but suddenly it felt very bright. Something was amiss here. I opened my eyes, and a cop was shining a bright flashlight directly at us!
Craig noticed it too. "Oh shit!" he said as he quickly pulled out of my pussy. The cop was standing three feet away from us! Neither of us had noticed his approach; we had been too caught up in the moment to hear his car or see him walk up to us.
Craig was off of me in an instant, and I saw his cock quickly shrink. I was mortified beyond belief. I covered my pussy with one hand and covered my breasts with my arm. The cop was about 6 feet tall, with a blonde crew cut. He looked like he was in his early 20s. His uniform was all tan, and his patch said "De Kalb County Sheriff."
"Well, well, well! What have we here? Looks like I caught myself a pair of lovebirds!"
Neither Craig nor I said a word. My heart beat must have doubled. I was so embarrassed, and terrified of the consequences. My parents would kill me if they found out, and I had no idea how much trouble I was in.
"O.K., you two. Get up!"
Craig stood up. I was frozen like a deer in the headlights when the cop bellowed "You too, missy, get up!"
I finally complied with his order. He was still shining the flashlight directly at us. "Move your hands, doll; let me get a good look at ya!"
I felt so ashamed, standing there stark naked before the police officer. I lowered my head as I felt his stares up and down my nude body. He stared for what felt like an eternity before he spoke again.
"What's you name?" he asked my boyfriend.
"Craig Olsen" he replied.
"Craig, get in the back of the squad car!" he boomed as he opened the back seat of his car. Craig's legs were shaking as he followed the orders. "I heard reports of some maniac running around naked. Jesus, what an idiot you are.
"And who are you?" the officer asked me.
"Miranda Wells" I replied.
I was shaking with nervousness as he continued to eye my body. I covered my pussy with one hand and my breasts with my free arm.
"Put your hands behind your back!" he ordered me. I quickly complied. I was totally shocked when he put a pair of handcuffs on me. The steel felt cold on my wrists, and I realized I could no longer cover my nudity at all with my hands firmly cuffed behind my back.
He made me get into the back of the squad car next to Craig and then he quickly shut the door. Craig and I were sitting side by side in the back seat of the squad car. For some reason the cop never handcuffed Craig. Craig put his hand on my knee and said "It's all right, baby. This can't be a very serious offense; at the most we'll get a ticket."
"What about our parents?" I replied.
"We are both 18, so I don't think they have a legal right to tell our parents anything." Craig tried to reassure me.
I looked down. My knees were shaking in fear. I had never gotten into any trouble with the law; now I was naked, handcuffed, and locked into the back of a police car. I was terrified. The seat felt hot on my bare ass. The police officer walked around the front of the car and got into the drivers seat.
"What should I do with you two?" he asked rhetorically as he turned off the squawking scanner. Neither Craig nor I had any response to his question; we just sat there silently.
"Well, I guess I'll just have to take you into the station to write you up." The officer informed us.
"What kind of trouble are we in?" Craig asked.
"That's up to the judge to decide. I'm thinking we should be able to get some jail time for you two."
"Jail time!" I screamed. "What we were doing didn't harm anyone. How much jail time?" I screamed.
"30 days, plus fines and court costs" the officer answered.
"You can't be serious!" Craig yelled.
"Oh yes I can! You two have been caught red-handed by an officer of the law having sex in public. I admit I don't have all the legal mumbo jumbo right in front of me, but we don't take public sex lightly around these parts. Well, let's get this show on the road!"
The cop started the engine and the car started to move. I was naked in the back seat, handcuffed and humiliated, and we were heading out on the road towards the highway.
"Wait, can't we do something about this?" I asked.
"Like what?" he replied.
"I have a right to an attorney; you can't just arrest us and drive us to the station!"
"Uh, I'm afraid I can, miss! You can call your daddy's lawyer when we get to the station."
"What about our clothing? You have to drive us back to our car so we can get dressed at least!"
"No, I don't have to do a damn thing, Miranda! You should thank your lucky stars you didn't get caught by Officer Brady. Compared to me, he's a real hard-ass!"
"Oh shit. This is so uncool" Craig said.
The cop suddenly stopped the car. My body jerked forward; I wasn't wearing a seat belt.
"You know, I was once young and foolish like you two. I really don't want to get you two in any trouble. Maybe we can figure something out" he said.
My mind was racing. I had a terrible thought in my head that he was going to ask me to perform sexual favors with him in order to escape punishment.
"O.K., I've got a possible solution. I've got to admit, watching you two getting it on gave me a big stiffy. I'll tell you what: I'll drive you two back to where you were screwing. You two can finish what you started."
I didn't understand. He was going to let us get away, and he was encouraging us to finish our sexual activity? It didn't add up.
"Wait a minute. What's the catch?" Craig asked warily.
"I get to watch you two doing it. If you both come, I'll let you go. God, you're getting me hot." I looked into the rearview mirror, and noticed that the cop had put his hands into his pants. This was getting creepy.
"Let me get this straight." I said. "You are going to take us back to our towel and watch us have sex? If we do that, do we get to go home without any trouble with the law?" This was surreal.
"Yep. As long as you two come. Both of you!" he answered.
"How will you know?" I asked.
"Believe me, I'll know. As long as you two can prove that you both came, I'll let you both get the fuck out of my county with no hassle."
"How can we know that you will keep your word?" Craig asked.
"You don't have much choice really, boy!" he yelled. "But you can trust me. Scout's honor; if you both come, you both go home."
"What's in it for you?" I asked warily.
"You sure have guts, lady! I'm offering you a chance to get away with public indecency of the third degree, and you are questioning me? If you must know, I'll get my jollies watching; then we will all go our separate ways and never speak of this again."
I finally got it. The cop was turned on from watching us fuck, and he wanted us to finish while he jacked off probably.
"O.K., deal!" I answered. "Now can you please uncuff me?" I was starting to get very uncomfortable in the handcuffs.
"Relax, honey; we are almost there." Sure enough, we soon reached the small shed were this whole misadventure had started. He parked his car behind the shed and let us both out. Finally he undid my handcuffs and I stretched out my arms.
"O.K., let's get this show going!" he boomed. This felt very weird. I suddenly was being told to have sex after I had totally lost the mood. Being caught by the police while having sex outside will decrease your arousal.
"Craig, can you do this?" I whispered. I looked down; his cock was totally flaccid. I wasn't surprised.
'I don't know, Miranda. Officer friendly kind of ruined the moment. I don't think I can get it up again.
I knew I would have to use all of my female charm to get us out of trouble.
"Craig" I whispered into his ear. "Haven't you always fantasized about doing it while someone watches?" I started to stroke his cock as we walked back to the towel.
"No, not really!" he replied.
"Well I have, Craig. Granted, I didn't think it would be some creepy police officer watching us; but I have always masturbated to the image of having sex in front of an audience."
"An audience?" he asked, surprised.
"Yeah, like we go into a sex club and fuck in front of a group of swingers." This was true; I had often imagined this kinky fantasy since I had first started to masturbate; I hadn't ever shared it with Craig. I felt his cock grow in my hands.
"Wow. All right, I guess we better try. I don't want to get into trouble" Craig said.
We lay down on the towel. I felt the wet grass on my feet. Craig was on top of me trying to guide his cock inside of me. It just wasn't working out; he wasn't hard enough to penetrate my cunt. He lay on top of me, not hard enough to fuck me.
"C'mon lovebirds! I'm waiting for my show!" the cop yelled. He was leaning against the squad car. I looked up and was not surprised to see that he had pulled down his pants and started to jack off. His cock was average size in length, but quite thick. He had light blonde pubic hair.
"Miranda, I just can't do it with him watching. I'm sorry, but this isn't happening!" Craig whined.
"Craig, we must satisfy him or we'll get in big trouble! You got me into this mess; now get me out of it!"
"Miranda, what do you want from me? This pressure is killing my hard-on."
"Craig, do you remember what you have wanted to do to me since we started having sex?" I asked him.
"No." was his simple answer.
"You know full well. Do I have to spell it out?" His body was on top of me. I felt his hard chest on my breasts as he vainly tried to remember what I was talking about. "Oh fuck, Craig. You know. Take me from behind?" Craig had wanted to engage in anal sex from the moment we first started getting intimate. I had been repulsed by the idea, but I knew how much he wanted it; I hoped that talking about that would arouse him enough.
"Oh, that! Yeah, I've always dreamed of taking you in the ass, Miranda. But you said you'd never do that!"
"Well, Craig, if you can get us out of this fix, I promise we will do that tomorrow. Imagine the scene; we are in my bedroom. I'm wearing a lacy pink thong...and nothing else! I wiggle my ass at you. I get on all fours on the bed, and you yank down my thong. My bare ass is right in your hands." I felt his cock get instantly erect. I started to guide it into my pussy as I finished talking. "Yeah, that thought gets you all hot I bet. So there I am, on all fours. You squirt some lube into your hands. You spread my ass cheeks open. I'm a little nervous, but also secretly thrilled to be doing something so kinky. To me, it sort of feels like losing my virginity again. I am about to have a cock inside me in a place I've never had a cock before."
"Oh God, Miranda. You're not just saying that to turn me on now, are you? Do you really mean it; can I fuck you in the ass tomorrow?"
"I promise, Craig. Scout's honor!" we both laughed.
By this point he was fully erect and inside me. He began thrusting away. I tried to ignore the cop. It was hard to ignore him; I could hear him panting as he jerked off five feet away from us.
"Fuck, Miranda. I can't wait to fuck you up the ass."
"Yeah, it's going to be really hot, Craig. My poor little ass has never been fucked, you know. It's going to be really tight and warm inside. It'll make your dick feel really good, fucking my tight little butt. You'll squeeze my ass cheeks and get inside me really deep. I'll pump my hips back to meet your thrusts as you fuck me up the ass for the first time tomorrow!"
My talking was doing the trick. He was screwing me with vigor, and I thrust my hips up to meet his. It felt so good inside my pussy. I almost forgot that we were being watched. Even though I had been turned off by the cop because of the fear he had caused inside me earlier, I actually found him physically attractive. He was tall and handsome, and I am a sucker for guys with blonde hair. I also found it hot to have sex in front of a stranger; that was a new experience for me.
By the furious moaning coming from Craig, I knew his orgasm was imminent. Sure enough, I felt a hot rush of semen as he exploded inside my pussy walls. He let out a loud grunt and continued thrusting. I milked his cock dry by squeezing it tightly with my pussy muscles as he continued gushing inside me. My Kegel exercises had paid off; I'm sure my squeezing helped to intensify his orgasm.
Craig collapsed on top of me for a minute after his orgasm. The post coital bliss was interrupted when officer friendly said "Time for a cream pie check!"
"Excuse me?" I asked. It felt so weird to be lying naked under my boyfriend with a cop watching.
"Cream pie check! You know, I have to have evidence that your man came; that was half the deal."
"What the Hell are you talking about?" Craig demanded.
"Don't swear at me, boy. You don't want to go to the slammer tonight, do ya boy?" The cop looked ridiculous as he talked tough while his pants were bunched around his ankles. "Your sweet little lady might not know what a cream-pie is, but I bet you do, Greg!"
"My name is Craig. And yes, I do know what a cream-pie is. You can't be serious about checking. Come on, it's obvious that we came. Let us go please" Craig begged as he rolled off of my body.
"I need absolute evidence that you both came, and that is the only way to be sure."
I still had no idea what they were talking about. The police officer pulled up his pants. I was shocked when he walked the short distance to the towel we were laying on. I put my hand in front of my pussy. Even though he had already seen me naked, I was very embarrassed to have him come this close to me. I was mortified when he sat down next to my legs and said "Spread wide, I need to check."
I must have turned beet red as I finally realized what he was talking about. He wanted to see the semen dripping out of my pussy to prove that Craig had orgasmed! This was getting really twisted. I put my hand firmly in front of my pussy.
"Uh, Miranda, just do what he wants and then we are done" Craig pleaded with me.
I really wanted to get this over with, so I reluctantly spread my legs. The cop stared at my spread pussy. I looked myself; hot sticky come was dripping out of my pussy and onto my bare thighs. I had never been so humiliated. I would never admit it, but deep down inside I was also turned on.
"O.K., the cream-pie check is done. You two are half way there!" he told us. I was confused again; I had thought we were all done with this ordeal.
"Um...half way?" I asked, puzzled.
"I told you the deal, missy. Both of you come, and you both go home. I guess your guy is free to go, since I have...uh...evidence that he had an orgasm. Now I need to see you come."
"Wait a fucking minute. You are altering the deal! You said if you watched us have sex we could go home!" I was outraged that he was taking advantage of us even further.
"Cut out the cussing young lady. My exact words were 'As long as you two can prove that you both came' you can leave. I didn't hear any theatrics from you, so you didn't even try to fake an orgasm like my wife does. Now get going!"
"What do you want me to do?" I asked, knowing full well that he expected me to masturbate for him. I felt very uncomfortable with this idea; even Craig had only seen me do this a couple of times.
"Twiddle your twat, pet your pussycat, I don't know what you want to call it; just play with yourself for me!"
I knew what I had to do. I gingerly started to rub my clit with my fingertips.
"And no faking. You can holler and moan all you want, but I'm going to watch your pussy lips. I want to see a real orgasm."
I closed my eyes and tried to conjure up a hot fantasy. I tried to pretend that the cop wasn't around and that I was locked in the privacy of my bedroom. Although I was actually feeling aroused having two guys watch me masturbate I still felt very self conscious about it. Sometimes I got myself off while imagining having sex in front of other people, but this time I imagined I was alone in my bedroom masturbating. I thought about what I often do when I get myself off alone; straight sex with a hunk. I know it's not very original, but some of my fantasies are vanilla; I just picture a nameless hunk furiously fucking me. He looks like a guy on the cover of a cheesy romance novel, and he doesn't talk as he fucks me silly. His cock is inhumanly large, and it pounds my pussy. I wrap my legs around his, and feel the warmth of his chest on top of my breasts. He passionately makes out with me, exploring my lips with his tongue.
"Whoa!" the cop yelled as I started to come. I tuned him out as I felt the shocking waves of my orgasm hit me hard. Usually I can predict when my orgasm is about to hit me, but on this occasion it came suddenly without warning. Maybe it was the thrill of having this man watch me masturbate that made me come so quick, or maybe it was the desire to get the ordeal over with, but I came within two minutes of touching myself.
"Man, your pussy is still twitching! I'm gonna come now!" the cop yelled. I hadn't realized that he had been masturbating along with me; my eyes had been closed. I looked up and saw him tightly shut his eyes as he pumped his cock, furiously jacking himself off. He had pulled his pants down again; he was sitting by my feet. I could feel his legs on my feet as I watched him finish stroking himself off.
His cock suddenly spurt out a load of thick white come into the air. I felt the first hot sticky stream land on my leg, just above my knee. Now I had my boyfriend's come oozing out of my pussy and the cop's come running down my leg. Another jet of his semen landed on my shin. I couldn't take my eyes off of his cock as I watched it drip out a little bit more come onto the towel.
"Good job, lovebirds. Whew, I haven't come that hard since I fucked that whore in Chicago last year! Fuck. Thanks!"
I didn't know how to respond to this weird man thanking me. Just twenty minutes ago he had threatened to arrest me; now he was thanking me for letting him watch me masturbate. Craig had already put on his boxers and pants. I timidly said "Can we please go now?"
The cop's personality was completely different after his intense orgasm on my leg. "Yeah, whatever. Don't get into any trouble; the speed limit is strictly enforced on these county roads, and some of the cops can be real assholes. Be good, lovebirds!" He pulled up his pants and got off of the towel.
As I stood up I suffered one final humiliation as the cop spanked my bare ass. It wasn't enough to really hurt, but it stung a little. "Hey!" I shouted.
"Move along now, get out of here!" he shouted as he walked back to his car. I stood there frozen as I watched him get into his car. I wasn't positive that this incident was over until I saw him start the car and drive around the shed. I waited until I could no longer hear the sound of his vehicle. Craig was already fully dressed as I stood on the towel naked.
"Uh, Miranda, are you all right?" my boyfriend asked me out of concern.
"Yeah, let's get the Hell out of here!" I responded.
"O.K. Uh...don't you want to get dressed?" he asked me.
I was still standing on the towel nude. I had been spacing out, replaying the strange events over and over again in my head. One part of me was absolutely horrified and humiliated. The other part of me was inexplicably and utterly turned on by the events. It had been so hot at first making sweet love to my boyfriend in the outdoors. Then I remembered the absolute shock and fear of being caught right in the middle of our sexual activity. I remembered how scared I had felt when I had been naked and handcuffed in the back seat of the squad car. Then I had been partly turned on and partly nervous as I had sex in front of the police officer. Finally I had felt mixed emotions about being forced to masturbate in front of the cop, and feeling his come on my leg. I defiantly had discovered an exhibitionist streak in me that I hadn't known about before. Fantasizing about being watched is one thing, but now that it had actually happened it awakened something sexual inside of me.
"Yeah, let's get the fuck out of here!" I finally responded as I hurriedly grabbed my scattered clothing. Even though most of the sexual activity had taken place on the towel, I had grass and dirt all over my knees and stomach. I wiped the semen off of my legs and thighs with the towel before putting my panties on. I finished getting dressed and hopped into the passenger seat of Craig's car. My mind was in a daze as we started the long drive back to the Chicago.
"Are you O.K., Miranda?" he tenderly asked me. "This whole night was a little weird."
"A little?" I answered in a nasty tone. For the first time I remembered that this whole experience was mostly his fault and I felt tears well up in my eyes. I felt like an emotional wreck as we drove home; I felt a combination of anger, humiliation, and a relapse of my earlier fear. Sometimes when I am really scared the fearful feeling comes back to haunt me later even though the reason for panicking has come and gone already. The terror of getting caught by the cop came back again.
"I'm so sorry, Miranda, I really fucked this up. I thought it would be fun."
"Oh, fuck. It's over now and all is O.K., I guess. I forgive you." I felt like a manic depressive as my emotions bounced around like a yo-yo. I felt a deep love for my boyfriend, even though he had almost gotten me into trouble with the law. I felt a strange erotic tingle in my body as I remembered the good parts of the experience. Even though the whole ordeal had ended less than a half an hour before, it felt like an event that had happened a much longer time ago.
"I'm so sorry." He kept apologizing.
"Hey, it's all cool now. I forgive you. I just want to go home and crash.
"I love you, Miranda" he whispered as we entered the I-88 expressway back to Chicago.
"I love you too Craig. Hey, it wasn't so bad. You got one of your wishes!"
"What do you mean?" he asked, puzzled.
"You know...to make love outside! Sure, it was a little weird doing it in front of a cop, but hey, we did it!"
"Yeah, I guess we did honey. What do you mean I got one of my wishes, what is the other one you are talking about?"
I couldn't believe I was even thinking about sexual fantasies after this strange, strange night. But I loved him and wanted to please him.
"My ass, Craig. Tomorrow night...I want you to fuck me up the ass like you've always wanted!"
"You weren't just saying that to get me in the mood so I could get erect earlier in front of the cop?" he asked me.
"Honestly? At the time, I was just saying that to get you hard. But now I really mean it. Something has woken up inside me. This is my last summer before going off to college, Craig, and I want to live life to its fullest. I want to try new things sexually with you. So yes, I was just saying it at the time but now I mean it. So get some lube before you come over to my house tomorrow night...I want to feel you inside my ass for the first time."
We were both pretty quiet the rest of the ride home. He dropped me off at my house. He kissed me good night in the car. We made out for about five minutes. I opened the door of the passenger side, ready to walk up to the door of my house.
"I love you!" I told him one more time.
"I love you too, Miranda!" he answered.
"Remember, tomorrow night, my place...my ass is all yours Craig!"
"Wow" was his short response.
"One more thing. We will be doing this inside. Indoors. With the windows closed and the doors locked. No more outside fun for awhile!"
I closed the door of the car and started to walk up the driveway to my front door. I looked back at the car. Craig was watching me, no doubt wanting to make sure I got inside my house safely. A really naughty idea came into my head, and I felt bold enough to act on it spontaneously.
I looked him in the eye as I stood on my doorstep. I unlocked the door but didn't open it. I turned around, again and faced the front door, ready to go inside my house. Then I unsnapped the button on my cutoff shorts, unzipped the zipper, and then quickly yanked my shorts and panties down to my knees, effectively mooning him. I bent over and wiggled my ass for about ten seconds before giggling to myself and pulling my clothing back up. I turned around to see the stunned look on his face. I quickly opened the door and then quietly walked up the steps to my bedroom, careful not to wake anyone.
When I got into my bedroom I was utterly exhausted. I stripped my clothing off for the last time that night and put on a pair of silky red pajama bottoms. It was hot, so I didn't bother putting on a shirt; I just lay in bed and closed my eyes. My final thoughts before drifting off into sleep where about what I had promised Craig. I wondered how it would feel to have a cock inside my ass for the first time...