Or how my wife became a Shoe whore and Exhibitionist.
It all started with the shoes. My normally sensible and conservative wife and I were shopping. We walked past a top end shoe store where she spied a pair of 6-inch designer jeweled high heels.
She was all gaga over them, which was normal.
"They're too tall for you, as the highest pair you claim to be comfortable walking in is 3 inches!" I said, "You only have size 7 feet" I added, "all your weight will be on the balls of your feet. The price is also $1000.00."
"Please please," "can I have the heels?" "I will look so hot in them," she said in a pleading voice.
"They are too expensive to have them sitting in the closet with your other tall heels, and you know what you tell me they do to your feet and legs," I said.
Then she started trying to bribe me into buying them for her.
"I will give you five blow jobs," she said with desperation in her voice, "I have to have those shoes."
"Right then you will wear them a couple of times complain they make your feet and legs sore and then never wear them again," I said a little exasperated. She had sensed I was losing patience.
"I do anything you want. Give you anything you want:" She said with desperation in her voice.
That was the statement I had been waiting for.
"You mean that anything?" I asked not believing her offer.
"Yes," She said, without any hesitation.
I had loved her in higher heels. I fact she had several pairs at home.
"If I buy them, you have to wear them for a week 24/7 and no complaints about how sore your legs and feet are:" I stated exasperated.
"No problem, anything else," She said. "I have to have those shoes. I will look so hot walking in them."
"Let's go out to the car to talk it over," I said getting a little excited.
On the way to the car, I was getting my ideas together. When we had gotten to the car I opened the back door and had motioned for her to get in I had gotten in after her. She had turned and looked at me expectantly. "To take off her top and bra," I told her letting some excitement leak into my voice.
She had looked around shrugged her shoulders and had taken them off. She was waiting for me to say something else. I had let her wait a few minutes sitting topless in the car.
"You are going to give me a blowjob, and you will swallow my cum," I told her. (She had never swallowed before.) She reached over and undid my pants scooted them down enough to get to my cock and balls. She had bent over slowly and licked my cock seductively and sucked it into her warm wet mouth. Then grabbed my hands and put them on her naked tits. Then she started bobbing her head up and down my cock one stroke slow one stroke fast while she was fondling my balls.
Now I had her where she wasn't going to interrupt me. "Don't stop sucking. I will tell you what else you are going to do to get the shoes. You will go braless from now on. When you finish getting me off you are going to get nipples pierced tonight. Last you are going to learn to deep throat me," I told my wife.
With each statement, she had increased her tempo. With the last statement, she had tried to take my cock deeper but gagged a little. "Not now, you have a few weeks on the last one. Finish me we have two stops to make," I said.
With the increased tempo, it was not long till she felt my balls tighten. She had started to move like she was going to pull off but stopped herself took the load in her mouth and swallowed gave one last bob of her head, licked me clean then slowly let my cock slide out of her mouth. She had then tucked me back in. Gave me a big wicked smile licked her lips. Put her top back on.
"Take me to get my nipples pierced now. I want to get the shoes tonight," She said with excitement in her voice. Then she added, "I agree to all the conditions as stated."
Off we had gone to the tattoo and piercing place at the end of the strip. When we had entered the parlor, and the saleswoman noticed us, she asked,
"Can I help you?"
"I want a pair of 1inch solid gold nipple rings for my wife. Would ten gauge be ok? She has very large nipples," I said with some excitement in my voice.
"I need to see her nipples to tell," The woman answered.
My wife had pulled her top up so the woman could see her nipples. This in and of its' self is way out there for my formerly prudish wife as there were two other male customers in the shop at the time.
"10 gauge ones will be ok," The saleswoman said.
Then saleswoman had taken the correct pair out of the case and handed them to me. I had handed my wife the rings.
"The rings are big she won't be able to hide them. They will show through even a padded bra," The woman said.
"That's ok she won't be wearing a bra, and I want them soldered closed once they are in so they are not removable," I told the woman. Now this was where I was sure my wife would have an objection
"Let's get on with it there is a pair of shoes waiting to be bought and put on my feet," My wife said a bit impatiently.
The woman had taken her into the back; I had gone to watch. My wife had jumped up on the table, sat up straight and taken her top off. The woman had marked where they were to go cleaned and numbed and clamped them then punched the holes and inserted the rings and permanently closed them. My wife had tensed when the needle pierced her nipples, and the rings inserted.
The woman handed her a mirror so she could see how the rings looked. My wife held the mirror out looked at them gave a little shake and then gave me a small smile. My wife had then stood up pulled her top on.
" Ok let's get the shoes now," My wife said excitedly.
My wife was all smiles nipples and rings showing through her blouse. There was no way you could miss she was braless, and she had rings in her nipples. Wow, she had looked sexy. Then we had gone to get her fitted with the shoes.
My wife had shown the salesman the pair she wanted and told him what size. He had gone back to the stockroom to get them, returned and opened the box they had tiny gold locks hanging on each strap. He unlocked them and fitted then on her feet. The 6" heels forced her feet to what looked like an impossible angle, the fastening of each strap had caused her flinch, after they were on; he held up the locks, she nodded yes, so he had put the locks on. He handed her the keys; she handed them to me.
She had stood up and walked over to the mirror getting a feel for walking in the extremely high heels. She had to stand up straighter to balance in heels, which had caused her thrust breasts out, the heels had also made her legs look longer and her butt even better looking.
She had looked so god damn sexy in the 6" jeweled heels, nipples and rings outlined through her blouse. I paid for the shoes. I had still been amazed at the whole series of events.
She had gotten a big shit eating grin on her face when saw what the shoes looked like on her feet. So she grabs my arm and struts out of the store.
"You are going to fucked good when we got home," I whispered in her ear. "I added, "You look real hot and sexy."
"I want to walk a lap to start breaking the heels in," She said excitedly.
We had walked a lap around the mall, she had strutted along tits swaying rings showing thru her top, and she had flinched with each step, but still had kept a big smile on her face. After the lap, we headed out to the car.
When we had gotten to the car, she was trying to figure how to get in without falling. I had helped her in. I had got a good look down her blouse (god what a view).
"You like the view?" She asked.
"God yes: you are going to give me a blowjob as soon as I get in," I said very turned on.
"Again? Here? Now?" My wife stammered.
"You said anything I wanted didn't you?" I said
"Yes," My wife answered.
Resigned she had leaned over and lightly rubbed my hard cock then slowly undid my pants. Reached in took my cock out licked off the pre-come and slowly took it in her mouth. I had reached over and put my hand into her pants and had started rubbing her clit she had been soaking wet. Guessed I wasn't the only one that had been turned on. She had gone to town on my cock as I rubbed he clit faster a few minutes later I shot my load, and she came almost immediately after I had. She had licked me clean tucked me away sat up and flashed her pierced nipples at me. She had smiled like the cat that ate the bird. I gave her a big kiss. Then I started laughing,
"You have cum on your breath and big wet spot on your jeans," I said. As I licked my fingers, I added, "and you taste good."
"It smells like sex in here, and I am starving and horny. Take me home and fuck me," She said. Then added, "I do look hot in these 6" heels."
We had stopped and picked up some takeout on the way home. When we got home, I had helped her out of the car and up the steps. She had half run into the living room pulled her jeans and panties down bent over the back or the couch.
"Fuck me hard. I am soooo hot and need your hard cock in me real bad," She said breathlessly.
Buying her the heels had turned out real good I thought to myself. I stepped up behind her dropped my pants lined up pushed in all in one motion. With 6" heels, her cunt was at the perfect height. I started slamming into her hard and fast she was meeting my thrusts and was panting. I had worked up a good sweat we booth climaxed at the same time. I pulled her back on the floor as we both collapsed, still inside her as I hadn't wanted to smash her just pierced nipples on the couch. She had struggled to stand up pulled up her jeans as come leaked out of her pussy and into her panties. I tucked myself away and stood up.
"Get the food I am starving we will take a shower after we eat," She said.
We had eaten dinner, her topless. She had jiggled her pierced nipples at me. I was starting to get hard again.
"God I love these shoes! I feel so turned on wearing them," She remarked.
I cleared the table dropped the empty containers into the trash. When I turned around, she had noticed I was hard again. She had bent over at the waist against the table and wiggled her ass at me.
"Looks like you are ready for round 2," She said hopefully.
"I am, and maybe we can last more than 2 minutes this time," I said.
She had her pants and panties down in an instant, We had started fucking, her standing bent over then on the table, and then her on her back on the couch her legs on my shoulders and then doggy style on the floor. She had an orgasm in each position I finally came while I was taking her from behind. We had collapsed on the floor panting and gasping. After we had caught our breath, I had unlocked the shoes and taken them off. Then we had taken a shower together still in orgasmic bliss. We had soaped each other up and played around. I had left her in the bathroom doing her nightly woman thing. I had gone to bed. When she had entered the bedroom, she had the heels on and locked. One look at her naked pierced nipples standing at attention and walking in the heels had my cock starting to tent the sheets.
"That can wait till morning. I am worn out and please be careful of my nipples they are a bit tender," She said.
The next day had been Saturday, so we had slept late. We both were a bit tired from the previous nights' activities. I had woken to the wonderful sensation of her sucking on my morning wood. She kept taking me deep and holding it deep in her mouth till she would start to gag then back off some. She had taken her tasks to heart and trying to deep throat me.
"God that is so hot watching you swallow almost my whole cock, I said breathlessly.
"I am getting close. If you want to be fucked stop and get on," I said breathing deep trying to hold off. She came up for a breath.
"Later I want to practice trying to deep throat you some more, go ahead and come I am ready," She said breathing hard.
"Ok, I will hold off as long as I can," I said.
She had slid my cock back between her lips pushing her tongue against the underside of my cock. She was on her stomach, and elbows holding her pierced nipples off the bed legs bent at the knees 6" heels kicking around in the air. All that plus her sucking and bobbing head had been too much. I came hard; I had grabbed her head and had held it just, so my cock was just at the beginning of her throat she had gagged twice but hadn't tried to pull back and had taken the whole load in her mouth and then swallowed it all. Licked me clean and gave me a big smile.
"Do you want to take a shower with me?" I asked her.
"No I will take a bath later after you finish," She said. Then she added, "Remember I am not allowed to take the shoes off."
When I had finished with my shower, she had taken a bath and just hung her feet and shoes over the edge of the tub. After her bath, she started looking for something to wear. No pants since they won't go over the shoes. She had a good selection of short skirts and dresses. She liked to show off her great legs and butt.
So she started to put on a dress.
"You will be topless from now on when we are in the house," I said.
She had shrugged, then had put on a short skirt and went to look in the full-length mirror.
I had seen her smile at her reflection. The mid-thigh length skirt looked a lot shorter with the six-inch heels she had on.
She had given me a big shit-eating grin because she had known she was driving me crazy. She had gone to make topless breakfast god I loved the nipple rings and the 6" heels. The whole picture was a wet dream.
We had lunch early and had watched sports till dinner time. She was parading around the house topless or had sat in my lap cuddling. "We will go out for dinner then go walking at the mall," I told her.
She went and put on a white blouse you could just make out her nipples and rings through the material. She also had on the black mini skirt. She had gotten a lot of attention in the restaurant and a lot of stares while we were walking at the mall. She looked so totally hot and sexy. When we had gotten in the car, she reached over and rubbed my cock. Smiled real big,
"I hoped you were hard. I could totally enjoy hard cock shooting some of yummy your come in my mouth for desert," She said breathlessly. "But I expect to be taken care of when we get home my panties are soaked, she added as she had unbuckled my pants and taken my hard cock out taken it into her warm wet mouth.
"God it is hot having you suck me in the car," I said already breathing hard.
She was making loud slurping sounds as she bobbed up and down on my cock and would gag as she tried to get my cock into her throat while she was fondling my balls. She had felt my balls tighten, pulled up and took five streams of my cum into her mouth, sat up and showed me the cum in her mouth and made a production of swallowing it, and then licked me clean.
"Part of my payment for the heels in learning to be a deep throat cock sucker and I need all the practice I can get," She said still breathing a little hard.
"I think you are doing great for someone who never swallowed before yesterday," I replied.
When we had gotten home, I took her in the bedroom pushed her down on the bed pulled her soaking panties off. Spread her legs and went at her dripping wet pussy licking her slit slurping up her juice and running my tongue in and out till she started to moan then sucked her engorged clit into my mouth rubbing it with my tongue. I had pushed two fingers into her dripping pussy and worked them in and out. Soon as my tongue touched her clit, she crossed her legs behind my head and held me against her crotch.
"Ohhh god, ooohhh my god I am cuminggggggggggg," She screamed.
She had held my head against her crotch, and I kept sucking and licking her clit and running my fingers in and out of her sopping wet pussy. As she started to settle down, she suddenly went ridged,
"Don't stop pleaseeeeeee don't stopppp I am going to come again goddddddd ohhh my goddd; she screamed almost delirious.
Then collapsed and went completely limp out of breath. My hand and face were soaked with her juice. I rolled her over to get the covers and then rolled her back and covered her up she was out she didn't even stir, crawled in with her and went to sleep.
We spent a quiet day at home Sunday watching football. A couple of times I had caught her standing in front of the full-length mirror turning back and forth smiling at the way she looked in the 6" heels. She had loved the new high heels. She looked so hot and sexy. On one of her trips thru the living room I had grabbed her and gave her big long kiss.
"Your parading back and forth has given me a problem you need to take care of," I told her with an urgent need in my voice as I had pushed her down onto her knees.
"Oh yes I will take your hot cum it will make such a nice snack," She replied breathlessly.
As she undid my pants slowly slid my hard cock into her mouth sucking hard and rubbing with tongue. Then she started bobbing her head up and down fast.
"Oh god does that feel good," I said breathlessly as I pumped my cum into her mouth.
When I had finished, she looked up at me showed me the cum in her mouth and made a show of swallowing it then licked my clean.
Chapter 2
It was Monday; three days had passed she hadn't complained once about her legs or feet being sore or being topless and not wearing a bra. In fact got a real surprise when;
"I will give you a real special blowjob, for letting take the shoes off long enough to take a shower and I promise to put them right back on," She told me coyly smiling from ear to ear.
She had gone into the bathroom and came out with her hair in pig tales. She had gotten down on her knees in front me.
"I want you to take that hot cock and face fuck me and use my pigtails as handles," She said breathlessly.
She had opened my pants and taken out my hardening cock, sucked it into her mouth, took my hands and put them on her pigtails then put her hands between her legs. She laid her head in my lap and waited. I had started moving her mouth up and down on my cock using the pigtails. I had gotten a little carried away a few times and made her gag, but she didn't resist at all her hands were busy between her legs. After only a few minutes, I had shot five big streams of cum in her mouth. She swallowed then licked up what cum escaped swallowed that too. Gave me a big smile, stood up then put her feet one at a time in my lap to be unlocked. Then went to off to take her shower.
After her shower, she came back dressed in her shortest skirt no top the shoes already on buckled and the locks on and closed. This skirt was one I had bought her, and she would never wear it out in public because it was so short that with her great rear end, the skirt was ¾" shorter in the back and had let just a hint of her panty clad cheeks showed when she walked.
Then she remembered we had dinner out on Monday night. She had gone back into the bedroom came out wearing a semi-shear black top.
What a view her nipples and rings were just barely visible through the blouse. You could see the rings glinting thru the material of the top as she moved. I parked as far from the door as possible. I knew her feet and legs had to be sore. As the tallest heels she had ever worn for any length of time were 3" and she has had the 6" heels on for three days straight and she hadn't complained once.
I had gone around and help her out of the car. It was a sight to behold thru her semi-sheer top her nipples and rings just barely visible, the micro mini skirt and those 6" heels. As I had pulled her up out of the car she had noticed how far away I had parked,
"You bastard are you enjoying yourself," She said teasingly.
"Yes, I am. I love to watch you walk in those heels," I said.
"I just love these shoes. I am glad I got you to buy them for me," She said. Then added,"I look hot in them."
We talked over dinner she had admitted to me that her feet and legs had been very painful the first two days and tits are sore, but they were all much better today. She loved heels and also the way they made her legs and butt look and was getting used to the nipple rings.
"Tomorrow I am going to go through my closet and get rid of all my shoes and boots that don't have at least a 5-inch heel," She stated. Then added, "My bras will get tossed too, seeing as I won't be wearing them ever again."
"I will need a few more pair of 6" high heels because that is all I plans on wearing from now on." "Also, I don't mess up the expensive ones."
"Ok," I Said.
This was after only wearing the shoes for three days.
" Are you sure?" I asked her.
"Absolutely its' not like you are going to let me stop wearing the heels or let me wear a bra again," She said. Then added, "After what I paid to get you to buy them I wouldn't even consider giving them up."
"Your right," I said,
"In fact, the soreness in my feet and legs is almost gone. In fact, my legs feel great the way the shoes make my muscles tense." She said.
So after we had finished eating, we went shoe shopping. Took a few stops to find what we liked I got to chose style she chooses the color. One pair of 6" heel open toe with steel heel made fantastic noise when she walked on a hard surface like tile. The second pair also 6" tall but with a wider sturdier heel to make walking on soft surfaces easier.
These were much cheaper hence no provision for locks.
"I want them locked on, I like not being able to take them off," She said
I was trying to think of a way to lock them on. We stopped at Wal-Mart we walked into the pet section and found pet choker chains that I can loop around her ankle and under the shoe and secure with a small lock.
"The keys are your problem. I gave up control of being able to take them off to get them" She said.
"I need to go on a diet; I want the rest of body to match my sexy feet and legs," She said.
She hated to diet!
"I want to get down to 125 pounds," She said.
Buying her the heels had worked out better than I dreamed it could, and it all started because she had fallen in love with an expensive pair sky high 6" heels.
"I want you to set it up and keep me on track I want to lose 25 pounds," She told me.
Having tried everything I could think of she would let me do before I give her a puzzled look. "Tell me how I am going to do that," I asked her.
"I will go along with whatever you say," She said.
"I think 2 lbs a week is a good goal," I told her.
"Fine with me," She said.
(Shocked who replaced my wife with this sexy agreeable creature.) Thinking to myself so pain? Spanking? She was already wearing the tallest heels and by her choice. Maybe corset? I was deep in thought. While I was driving home, she tapped me on the shoulder and flashed me her tits.
Nipples yes. "I got it will take a few weeks to it set up," I told her (We will see how far I can push her) Go online and order three pairs of nipple trainers (stretcher) 1/2," 3/4" and 1." It takes two weeks to get them made to custom fit her nipple rings.
She had started her diet the next week but didn't get real serious didn't lose any weight for 2weeks. So the stretchers had arrived, and it was time to lay out my plan. We would see if she would keep her I will do it attitude. It had been almost three weeks since she gave up her bras and got her nipples pierced and agreed to learn to give me deep throat blow jobs so I would buy her the $1000.00 Jeweled 6" high heels.
I had figured after the first week she would stop wearing the High heels 24/7. But was still wearing them no complaints, In fact, I get a blow job when she wants me to remove them so she can take a shower after the shower she put which ever pair she chooses to wear and locks them on without me saying anything. (I think she gets a kick out of having them locked on.) The last three week had been like a second honeymoon. Most days she would wake me with a morning blow job. She was still having trouble suppressing her gag reflex but kept trying. She could get my cock into her throat for only a second or two. Was a lot of fun letting her practice and most days after dinner she would suck me off again and keep going till I got hard again the drop her panties and demand I fucked her.
It was time to layout my diet plan for her.
I called her into the bedroom I had the stretchers laying on the night stand.
"Your goal is to lose 2 lbs per week," I told her. I added "This is the program," "If you meet the goal,
"I will do the housework for the next week."
"If you don't meet the goal."
"No weight loss you have to wear the 1" stretchers 1 hour at breakfast and lunch time and 3 hours at dinner time." She had stared at the stretchers but raised no objection.
"1lb loss gets the ¾" as above."
"1 ½lbs. get the ½" one's times same as above" (I was going to enjoy the on and off Part) "Also you have to wear them when you leave the house for any reason." "Weigh in would be on Friday after dinner."
"Ok sound good to me. I want to lose the weight." She said.
I had her stand in front of me "I am going to put each pair on your nipples starting with the ½" ones." I told her.
"Ok I am ready," She said. She shook her tits and smiled at me. First, I put the 1/2" ones on. It was fun putting them on; I loved to play with her nipples.
I had removed the ½" ones then put the ¾" ones on they had gotten her attention just a little ouch when I seated the rings. They had made her nipples stick out. Had her walk around the room I had seen her grimace as her tits bounced?
I had taken off the ¾" ones and gave her a minute to rest, as getting the stretchers on or off meant pulling the nipples way out to seat nipple rings in their grooves.
She had been staring at the tall ones with a question on her face.
I nodded she bent over at the waist to make it easier. I had picked up the first 1" one pulled her nipple ring through and seated it.
"Ouch, that hurt, give me a minute before you put the other one on," She said.
She stood up straight took a deep breath and bent back over and presented her other breast.Took hold of nipple ring pulled through the stretcher and seated it got a real loud ouch. She walked around the room small grimace with each step when her tits had bounced. Her nipples stood straight out from her tits. They were stretched real taunt God what sight.
"I will defiantly not to eat too much with these on," She said.
"Now the bad news your punishment starts now. You didn't lose any weight." "So you get to wear these till after lunch and for the next week per the schedule."
"I told you I would do whatever you told me," She said with a smug smile on her face.
She reached over rubbed my hard cock thru my pants.
"Time to practice I want your' yummy cum in my mouth now," she cooed.
"Later, put a tight t-shirt top on we are going out to get some exercise to help you lose weight," I told her.
I thought she would complain that her nipples would show too much. She had just nodded and gone and had put on a thin white t-shirt that had been washed so many times is was almost transparent. When she had walked back into the room, I had second thoughts about it, her nipples, and rings stuck straight out obscenely and were close to completely visible thru the t-shirt. I was hard instantly.
"Its' later, get down on your knees and give me a blowjob right now," I told her breathlessly with need in my voice.
She had dropped to her knees undone my pants dug my already hard cock out sucked it into her hot wet mouth. The started sliding my cock in and out getting just the head into her throat on every other stroke. It had only taken her a minute to get me to start to cum, she pushed my cock into her throat and took the first two pumps of cum in her throat then pulled up and took the rest in her mouth swallowed then licked me clean. Then put my cock back in my pants stood up with an ear to ear smile on her face.
"I finally got your cock deep throated while you were coming, but I want to be able to take the whole load down my throat," She said very excited and pleased with herself.
"That was fantastic, let's go and get you exercise in and grab a bite to eat," I told her still breathless.
Chapter 3
Fast forward two months. And she was still strutting in 6inch heels. She has lost 12 lbs.
"I love all my 6" heels, and I won't give them up I am truly a high heel woman," She said very pleased with herself.
I was enjoying putting the stretchers on and off. She had been horny as hell. Besides giving me a wake-up blowjob most mornings, she had wanted me to fuck her almost every day after we went walking so our sex life was fantastic. Guess she was a bit of an exhibitionist.
Had two weeks where she had to wear the 1" stretchers. After putting them on and taking them off twice the first day she had to wear them when I put them on for dinner time.
"Just leave them tonight it hurts too much when you put them on and take them off." "I will try to sleep in them," She said.
"That's not going to work I rolled onto my stomach while I was sleeping. I will wear them all day and have you take them off for the night." She said.
'God I love to look at them tenting the top of her dress or blouse.' A side benefit is the small ones even hardly put any stretch on them, and she leaves them on all the time.
"They help me stay on my diet," She said.
It was Friday night weigh-in time. She lost 3 lbs so,
"Great good job. Let's go shopping. You need some new clothes. Now you have lost so much weight," I told her.
She had shocked me with her selections; She had picked out two very tight micro miniskirts and a short tight and low cut dress and last a real thin silky tight top cut so low that showed most of the tops her tits almost to the nipples. In fact, if she moved to fast the nipple and ring will pop over the edge of the top she could have clothing malfunction. After I had paid she had changed into the dress, she had done a twirl showing off for me. I had noticed she had removed her panties. The dress showed a just hint of cheek when she walked.
"You took your panties off you, hot naughty women," I said.
"They showed with this dress on, and I think it is hot to go commando," She replied. She had gotten into showing off.
After she had finished shopping, we had done a couple of laps around the mall as we did 4 or 5 times a week collecting looks. She looked so hot and sexy in the low cut mini dress. She was smiling and had to have enjoyed all the men ogling her. On the second lap, she had noticed a pair of sky-high 7-inch designer high heels jeweled and expensive in bright pink her favorite color. She had pulled me to a stop looked at me then at the shoes. I had seen the wheels turning in her head as she had thought what to offer to get me to buy them for her.
Now remember she already has pierced nipples with 1" 14ga non-removable gold rings had not worn bra since she got the 6" heels, doesn't even own one anymore, had on low cut very short mini dress, no panties and was wearing 6" heels. She had to have known it better be good as the price was $1300.00.
I just stood there waiting to see what would happen. "They are very expensive and too tall for you size 7 feet it will be like you are walking on stilts," I said thinking to myself where this could go.
"I went from 3" heels to 6" I can go from 6" to 7" I will look sooo hot in them," She said with excitement in her voice.
"You are right you will look hot in them but look at how much more of an angle the arch of you foot will be at," I said. As I had tried to reason with her, but from experience I had known the more I tried to talk her out of them the more determined she would have been finding a way to get me to buy them for her.
She had taken one more look at the shoes and seemed to make up her mind. She had taken me by the arm started walking us toward the other end of the mall. She still hadn't said anything. She had led me to the car I unlocked it she opened the back door and motioned for me to get in. Once we were in and the door closed, she opened my pants and started rubbing my cock.
"I am going to suck you off, get me off while I am doing it we will both need the relief for what I have planned," She said breathlessly.
She went at it like starved person getting their first food in days. She had made a lot of progress in learning to deep throat me about six strokes of her getting me into her throat, and I had shot my load that she had taken most of it in her throat and the rest in her mouth. I had been fingering her and rubbing her clit I missed a beat when I came but then finished her off.
"Take me to the piercing parlor now" She ordered me excitedly.
When we had gotten there and walked inside the store.
"May I help you?" The woman clerk asked.
"I want two pairs of gold rings for my pussy lips. What size would be the best?" My wife asked the clerk. The clerk pointed to a tray of rings in the display case.
"Any of the ½" ones," The clerk told my wife. My wife selected two pairs of 10 gauge solid gold rings.
"What do you have for belly button jewelry," My wife asked the clerk. The clerk showed my wife another tray of pierced jewelry. My wife picked out one that had a good size pink stone in it and 4 one inch chains dangling from it.
My wife had turned to me. "Is that enough?" She asked me.
"Yes, you got the shoes," I said.
"I love your shoes." The clerk said to my wife as she had led us to the back to do the piercings.
"These piercing are payment for a pair of 7-inch tall pink jeweled heels that I will be getting as soon, and you get the jewelry installed." My wife told the saleswoman.
The woman had put the belly button piercing in first. "Where do you want the pussy lip piercings placed?" The saleswoman asked.
I had taken the marker and marked where I would like them placed. The woman had then cleaned and numbed the area and installed the rings. She gave us the care instructions.
"It is more comfortable if you don't wear panties for a few days at least," The saleswoman told my wife.
"That is not a problem my husband will like that. Who needs underwear," My wife said her voice unsteady with excitement.
My wife stood up pulled her dress down,
"Now that's done I want the heels on my feet and yes I plan on wearing for seven days you will have the keys as part of the deal," My wife had told me.
I paid for the rings and piercings and the belly button jewelry. Then we walked back to the shoe store that was quite a distance.
"Why didn't we get the car? You know it will be a long walk in the new higher heels," I told her.
"I might as well get used to them I will be wearing them for a whole week. I need to stay on my exercise plan," She stated firmly.
We had gone to the shoe store, once inside she pointed out the ones she wanted and what size then sat down. Her eyes had gotten real big as her bare butt had come in contact with the cold leather chair. She had forgotten she didn't have any panties on. Was wearing a low-cut very short tight mini dress had four shiny rings showing between her legs and no way to hide them as the dress was real tight covered nothing when she was sitting down.
The poor guy had been shaking by the time he had taken the old shoes off and had put the new ones on her feet. She had kept a straight face through the whole thing. In fact, I think she even spread her legs a bit when she held her feet up to get the shoes on. She was getting into showing off.
"Put the locks on them," She told the salesman.
He handed her the keys she gave them to me. She stood up, walked over to the mirror and smiled real big at me. God I loved the way she looked and apparently so had she because she was all smiles and giddy. I had no idea how she could even stand in them not to mention walking in them. The heels had put her foot at a very steep angle to her leg.
"God woman do you look hot and in those fuck me heels," I told her with desire in my voice.
I had paid for them as I watched her as she had walked around the store getting used to them. The way she had strutted in them had made her ass move in such a sexy way. We had started our long walk back to the car. I had let her set the pace as she was still getting the feel for the new heels. I had helped her into the car and got a full show. I had gotten in she was squirming in the seat trying to get comfortable as the numbness has worn off the piercings and being without panties was new.
"Are you happy with your new heels? You looked a little unsteady at first but by the time we got to the car you seemed to have it mastered," I said to her.
"I absolutely love them. You know I have a shoe fetish and yes by the time we got halfway back to the car I got my balance in the heels," She told me. Then added, "I look so fucking hot in them did you notice all the men staring at me that really turns me on."
I had figured she had her pussy lips pierced no fucking for a few weeks while the rings healed. When we had gotten home, we had gone to care for the pussy lip piercings as she couldn't see to do it and besides I liked to play with her pussy. I had left her in the bathroom to finish her nightly ritual. I got a beer to help take the edge off sat in the easy chair to watch some TV.
She had come out of the bathroom she was naked except for the 7 inch fuck me heels hair in pigtails rings bouncing. She had a real big grin on her face. I think she is trying to give me a stroke.
"You are to use my mouth till my pussy rings heal. When you start to come, hold your cock down my throat even if I gag a little I have been practicing, I think I am ready." She said with a real big smile on her face. She was getting into acting slutty.
She had opened my pants taken out my cock sucked it into her mouth put my hands on her pigtails and started bobbing her head up and down. It didn't take long for her to get me to cum after what had happened at the mall and then, cleaning her pussy lip piercings. When I started to cum she deep throated me, I had done as she told me and held her head down and shot my whole load deep in her throat she had just a small gag as I finished. She had pulled up took a deep breath took my cock all the way back in then slowly pulled off licking me clean as she did.
"I finally paid off the first pair of heels. I can take your whole load down my throat." She said proudly with a big smile on her face.
"Sit in the chair and hang your butt over the edge and spread your legs wide and I will get you off being careful of your fresh piercings," I told her still a bit breathless.
She was in the chair in a flash; legs spread wide. I had slowly put two fingers in her dripping cunt and licked her clit a few times then had sucked it she had started to cum almost right away. I had kept sucking on her clit while pistoning my fingers in and out or her cunt it after her 4thorgasm.
"Stopppp please stopppp," She panted completely out of breath.
I got a warm washcloth and a towel and had cleaned her up being careful of her new piercings. Then I had helped her get walk bed we snuggled together and went to sleep.
The next morning I had woken up with the fantastic feeling of my wife sucking on my morning wood. When she had noticed I was awake, she started to pick up speed and intensity and started humming and rubbing her tongue on my on the underside of my cock. She was taking my cock all the in and down her throat on every stroke holding then slamming it down her throat fast and hard on every stroke. It had been more than I could take I started coming she slammed all the way down and took all five pumps down her throat without coming up for a breath. When I had finished, she let my cock slip out of her mouth crawled on top of me.
"That's the way this shoe whore wants to be face fucked by her horny bastard husband from now on," She instructed me in slutty wanton voice.
"Ok, I will remember that. Would you like me to get you off?" I said to her.
"No, I am still satisfied from last night. Take a shower with me and tend to my piercings," She said.
I had unlocked her heels and had pulled her out of bed she stood on just her tip toes and walked into the bathroom.
"Why are you standing on your tip toes?" I asked her
"I haven't been able to put my foot flat on the floor for quite a while it is from wearing the heels all the time. I love those damn heels I don't mind, I feel so sexy and hot wearing them plus they make me a lot taller. Please don't be concerned," She said.
"Ok, when we finish with our shower lets' go shopping and get you a pair of plastic heels you can wear in the shower," I told her.
We had finished our shower I had taken her new 7 inch heels to her so she could stand comfortably while she finished in the bathroom. I went and got dressed and grabbed a quick bite to eat.
"Do you want some breakfast?" I asked her.
"No, you were my breakfast. I hope there aren't too many calories in cum because I am planning on having you for breakfast often," She had said with big smile on her face and mischief in her voice.
"You won't hear any complaints from me. Are you almost ready? We will go to the mall get your walking in, find some plastic heels and get some lunch," I said.
"Be out in a minute," She said.
She had come into the kitchen dressed completely in pink. The mini skirt was one of her shortest as I was putting the locks on shoes I notice something hanging from the back two pussy lip piercings. They were some small bells I had bought her as earrings.
"You know the bells show below your skirt," I told her in a teasing voice. I had also noticed she had trimmed her bush.
"I know. Kinky isn't it?" She said in a kind of slutty voice.
"I like it, nice trim job," I said real quickly.
"Thanks, I knew you would like it. My rings were hiding in my bush," She said.
She had on her bright pink 7" jeweled heels that put her feet at an almost 180 deg to her legs, a bright pink mini skirt to match her shoes. Her butt was to die for so the skirt was about ¾" shorter in the back, and if someone looked closely, the bells would be completely visible along with a bit of cheek. Next is the skin tight thin pink t-shirt top that left about 2" of midriff showing, so her belly button piercing was on display. Her nipples had the small stretchers on and had tented the top out you can the rings plainly shining through the material. And super big smart ass smile on her face.
She strutted out to the car swaying her ass and had made a show of getting in. Anybody in a van or truck would have a good view of her pussy and tits she even spread her legs some. So off to the mall we went after I had parked,
"Why are you parking so close?" She asked me
"I was trying to give your feet a break," I said.
"My feet are fine; I like showing off the shoes I paid you enough for them," She said. Then she added, "When we get home I want to be face fucked hard like a whore."
Where I had finally parked was a quarter mile away. I went around and helped her out, She stood up tugged her mini skirt into place, Grabbed my arm and had strutted into the mall like she had been wearing the heels all her life, her tits swayed and bounced moving her stretched nipples around like crazy. We had done the four laps around the mall collecting looks, and you could hear the bell tinkling as she walked. She had gotten to be such an exhibitionist.
The restaurant was at the far end of the mall, so she had walked over a mile. When they had come to seat us, they took us to the back corner. Guess we had caused a bit of a stir. After we had ordered, she had gone to the bathroom. When she came back, she motioned for me to get out of the booth so she could get in and sit next to me. She had kept rubbing her stretched nipple against my arm. The waiter had brought our food right then as soon as he had left she grabbed my hand and had put it between her legs.
"Get me off fast I can't wait till we get home," She demanded breathlessly.
I had done as instructed. She started coming after just a few seconds she bit her finger to keep from screaming, her face flushed and had then sat back in the booth catching her breath.
"Thanks, I needed that bad," She said
We had eaten she had ordered a child's portion. I couldn't take my eyes off her nipples and rings showing thru her top. She just kept smiling at me. When we finished our meal,
"Let us do one more lap to walk off the food. Then take me home and face fuck me like I showed you," She said.
I drove home slowly as I tried to calm down. I had pulled the car into the garage and went to help her out of the car and up the steps into the house.
"Sit in your chair I will be right back," She told me.
She came back naked except for shoes and body rings, and she had put on the tall stretchers. Her nipples had been stretched taunt God she had looked hot. She had taken my cock out and started sucking me I had gotten my hands on her pigtails and set up a nice pace moving her mouth up and down my cock; suddenly she stopped pushed off took a breath.
"Stop playing around fuck my face like a $1000.00 whore I want it hard and rough" She demanded breathlessly.
"I was trying not to hurt your or your nipples," I said defensively.
"I don't want nice I want fast, hard and rough," She demanded.
Then had impaled her mouth on my dick and pressed both nipples into my legs. I had followed the orders and started slamming her head and upper body up and down using her pigtails as handles. Banging her stretched nipples against my legs on every down stroke. Shoving my dick down her throat hard on every stroke violently. I started to cum on one of the upstrokes, so I slammed her head down and pushed my dick all the way down her throat, held her there as I shot stream after stream of cum down her throat. I think she had started to pass out, but she hadn't tried to pull herself off. I managed to pull her head up enough so she could breathe before I collapsed. My dick still in her mouth her upper body resting on my legs nipples crushed under her. When I started to come back to reality she was still sucking I pulled her off.
"Was that hard and rough enough?" I asked her.
"Yes, but you came too quickly. I need more. You are almost hard again so rape my throat again and don't you hold back, put all your lust into it," She demanded.
"You are nuts but ok you asked for it," I said.
"Give it to me as hard as you can," She demanded.
She had put her hands between her legs, impaled her throat on my cock and she had waited for me to start. I had let a full minute pass before I started violently fucking her throat I held out as long as I could, must have been 5 or 6 minutes she had been making mewing noises' her hands working between her legs before I started to cum. When came I held her nose against me and pumped five shots of come down her throat and just sat there in a state of bliss. She had started to cum while I was. When I came around she was limp her head was lying in my lap my soft cock was still in her mouth when I came too. She was out cold I had to shake her to wake her up. I had looked at the clock it was after 5 pm.
"Come on we need a shower," I said. I motioned for her to give me her feet so I could unlock the shoes. In the bathroom, she put on the plastic heels, and we had taken a relaxing shower. Then we had dinner and had spent a quiet evening at home.
A few weeks pass we did the mall walks at least five days a week sometimes twice a day. Sex was an almost every day thing. If she got especially turned on during the mall walk, she would demand to be face fucked and then fucked hard. Seldom puts on panties, had taken to only wearing short skirts and revealing tops or dresses. She had gotten so use to being topless at home I had to remind her to cover up if we were having company or going out. She answered the door topless a few times and twice got in the car topless had to go back in the house and put on a top.
Chapter 4
Her birthday was coming up in a few weeks the two pair of cheaper 6" heels needed replacing, and she preferred the 7" extreme high heels. So I had decided by her some more extreme high heels feed her fetish. Surfed the net and had ordered four pairs 3 with 7" heels and a pair of 8" ballet boots. One pair of bright red and open toe I love to see her toes sticking out. One pair of pink with gaudy flowers on them and a black pair of patent leather knee high boots, and took a chance and ordered a pair of lace up boned ballet boots bright pink patent leather. Ballet shoes with heels. The boning holds the foot straight with the leg of the wearer is walking on the end of their toes. They were 8" tall. I had thought since she had taken to the sky high heels so easy I would see what she thought of them and if she could manage them.
Her birthday was on Friday. So she could try them all out on the weekend. She had been doing great on her diet. She was losing 11/2 to 2 lbs a week, so she earned just the short one most of the time.
She seemed not to care whether I took them off or not.
"They kept the rings from bouncing too much." So she had worn them pretty much 24/7 unless I wanted to see her rings swing when she walked.
So weigh in was good she had lost her last 2lbs. She was now 125lbs, which had been her target weight. Nice soft curves. Now 125 on 5'2" is good but when is put on 5'9" really thinned her out and the 7" heels made her legs go on forever. She was the total picture of hot and sexy. After her weigh-in, I had brought out her presents.
"Since you are finished with your diet and it's your birthday you can wear what you want tonight for dinner. I have made reservations at your favorite restaurant." I told her.
She had opened the 7" pink heels first
"I love them, I love them," She said.
Then she had opened the other two pairs of heels and lastly the ballet boots. Saw the color first and squealed with delight then pulled them the rest of the way out of the box. She had given me a questing look.
"They are ballet boot heels and are said to be very difficult to stand and walk in; I will return them, and you can get something else if you can't or don't want to wear them," I explained to her. "You will look so hot and kinky in them," I added.
"No, I will try them. Let me try on the other ones' first," She said excitedly.
She then had tried the other three pairs on first loved them all especially the gaudy flowered ones. She had walked around in them they fit fine then she had sat down,
"Help me put the ballet boots on now. I want to see if I can stand and walk in them," She said with excitement in her voice.
So I had helped her take the 7" heels off, and she wiggled her foot and leg into the ballet boots, and I had then laced them up nice and tight.
"The info I read on them says to work up to standing slowly then walking," I told her.
"I love how tight they hug my legs. It is defiantly a different feel then the heels, and they make my legs look soooo long, help me up I want to try to stand in them." She said excitedly.
I had given her a hand standing up in the ballet boots the first time.
"Let go I want to try to stand unassisted," She said. She had swayed a bit finding her balance than had gotten a big smile on her face.
"Come close so I can lean on you. I want to try walking in them," She said.
She had put both hands on my shoulders, and I backed up as she took a few cautious steps, left go with one hand took a few more steady steps than the other hand and waved me out of the way. And had strutted around the house and headed into the bedroom
"They are keepers. Help me get dressed and I will wear them out to dinner," She said very excitedly.
"Are you sure? The info I read on the internet said it took at least a few weeks to be able to walk any distance in them," I told her. Then added, "God do you look hot in them and I bet no one around her has ever seen someone wearing them."
" I just love feeling them on my legs and feet makes me hot, besides you will be holding my hand if I need help, but I feel confident I can walk in them," She said getting more excited.
She had handed me her hot pink micro mini skirt held on to me for balance as she stepped into it and I pulled it up and zipped it closed, had me put the bells on her back pussy lip piercings.
"Let me take the stretchers off it's your birthday you lost all your weight you don't need to wear them," I told her
"Put the 1-inch ones on you know how I love seafood I don't want to gain any weight it took too much to lose it and they go with the rest of the high-class slutty outfit," She said in a sultry voice.
"It is your birthday whatever you want," I answered.
So I put 1" stretchers on then helped her into the pink semi-sheer silkily top. She was a picture of hot pink and sexy. I loved dressing her.
I had made reservations at the seafood restaurant. Getting her down the steps and into the car was an adventure. But we had managed. When we had gotten to the restaurant, I helped her out of the car. I had tried to hold her arm the help support her.
"No, I am ok just hold onto my hand," She said.
Most men like sight women walking in tall heels. But you could not imagine what she looked like strutting in ballet boots, semi-sheer pink top with her stretched nipples tenting it and micro mini skirt with the bells peeking out and ringing the extra height they gave her had made the already short skirt look even shorter. With boots on she is 5'10" God did they make her legs look so long. As we had walked thru the restaurant to get to our table, she had caused some head turning few men got slapped by their wives for ogling her, as she had strutted by the other patrons like she was born in the hot pink ballet boots.
I was totally amazed. What a show-off. After we had been seated and we had our drinks and had ordered our meals.
"I feel so sexy and hot and slutty from all the men ogling me as we walked in. I want rough, hard face fuck then to be fucked till pass I out," She said in a sultry demanding voice.
"It's your birthday whatever you want," I told her.
We had a great dinner. She had eaten just a tad more than usual. On the way out of the restaurant, she got more ogling guess word got around. The poor male waiter was having trouble keeping his eyes off her nipples and rings showing. She walked thru the restaurant and out to the car in the ballet boots almost as good as her 7" heels. When we had arrived home, I helped her out of the car and into the house. She had picked up her hair bands and put her hair in pigtails that had been my signal fuck the hell out of her mouth.
"This hot sexy shoe whore needs her husbands' big hot cock milk in her belly, and then please pound my dripping pussy with your hard cock till I pass out from having orgasms," She said breathlessly.
Who am I to argue with a woman on her birthday? I sat down she peeled her top off then she had gotten on her knees undid my pants licked my cock a few times and then took it all the way down her throat in one motion. I grabbed her pigtails and held her down till I saw her eyes started to water. She had her hand's hand between her legs and didn't make any effort to pull off. Then I started fucking her mouth pushing her all the way down on every stroke. She was rubbing her clit like crazy. I had increased the pace violently slamming her head up and down until I started to cum I held her head against my groin tightly and pumped six streams of hot come down her greedy throat. She had started to have shaking shuddering orgasm while I was pumping my come down her throat. During this her' stretched nipples had taken a real beating. Once she caught her breath, she sucked me till I was hard again. She had stripped off her skirt squatted over me and impaled herself in one stroke. I had picked her up still impaled on my cock and carried her to the bedroom and started slamming into hard and fast she was moaning,
"God yes that feels, so fucking good don't stop till I pass out." She said and started chanting
"Fuck the bitch, fuck the bitchhhhh."
She had cum screaming, shaking and spasming. I flipped her over on her hands and knees and grabbed her hips for leverage and pounded her as hard and fast as I could she started to come again almost immediately seemed to be in one long orgasm shaking her cunt muscles spasmed then collapsed on the bed. See had been incoherent and still shaking a little when I rolled her over sucked one of her nipples into my mouth and had pulled the covers up and went to sleep.
We slept late Saturday morning we both had a good workout the night before. Now she had walked about a little over a 1/4 mile in the ballet boots and slept in them her feet and ankles held completely straight. Had popped right out of bed in the morning almost ran in them to the bathroom to pee. She had been in there a long time, so I had gone to see if anything was wrong. She was standing looking at herself in the full-length mirror.
"You look amazing those boots so kinky hot on you. And you are the only one wearing them," I told her.
"I know I feel so turned on with them on," She said.
She crawled into the tub put her leg straight up against the wall spread her legs.
"Give me a sponge bath I don't want to take them off boots off; I want to wear them all weekend even for our mall walks," She told me.
"They are supposed painful to walk and stand in," I said back to her.
"My legs and feet are fine my toes were a bit uncomfortable at first but are ok now. I guess the tall heels prepared my legs and feet." She said.
I turned on the water wet her down with shower massage soaped her up as rinsed the soap off when I concentrated the spray on her clit she went from relaxed and dreamy to wide-eyed as I fingered her she came hard and fast shaking and screaming. She had a big contented smile on her face as I had helped her out of the tub and dried her off, The took my shower and got dressed. Then went looking for her to see if she wanted to go out for breakfast she had been rummaging around in the bedroom. She had come out wearing a pair of skin-tight stretch pants that showed camel toe and that she was a commando. Apparently a side benefit of the ballet boots is she can slide pants over them and a tight silky top.
"Do you want me to take the stretchers off?" I asked her.
"Please put the smaller ones back on," She answered.
Great, I got to play with nipples.
Gave her a nice birthday weekend either went out or I cooked for her. But she had insisted on doing the housework in the ballet boots. Watching her tiptoe around in them was too enticing. I had put an end to her doing housework by bending her over the back of the couch and fucked her till she was incoherent. Then I had carried her to bed to let her nap. I had finished the housework.
We had modified her punishment schedule to reflect maintaining her weight. As long as she didn't gain, she didn't have to wear the stretchers. But she usually wore the small ones all the time. She changed from 7" heels to the ballet boot on a whim. She locks them on, but the keys are hanging on a hook in the kitchen. Evidently she likes the locked on them.
Watching her walk in them cannot be described. Says she may have me order another pair and wear them for a whole week. Her feet are permanently pointed she only has 7" heels and the ballet boots now. I had bought her a pair of plastic 7" heels and put traction rubber on the bottoms so she can wear them in the shower.
Excuse me she just came into the room with her hair in pigtails which means she wants to suck me off or be face fucked can never tell till she starts.
To be continued.