This is my second series. I kind of churned this section out so hopefully you'll enjoy. There may be more to come if the interest seems strong. I've got an outline for future entries.
As always, I appreciate all feedback and/or criticism.
**********
The little brats in the seats just weren't going to behave this afternoon. They were probably still not fully acclimated to school, because the summer break had only finished a few weeks ago. Actually, that's bullshit. These were seniors in high school. They should be able to sit in a classroom and not act completely retarded.
"Ms. Thomas, why can't we just watch a video or something today?"
"Ms. Thomas, I need to start mentally preparing for the game tonight, can't we just have study hall?"
I just wanted to tell them to shut the fuck up and pay attention. I had prepared a lesson for the day and they were going to hear it. I teach American History to juniors and seniors at a suburban school in Georgia. Overall, they were good kids. I had some smart ones who would do well in life. But I had some real troublemakers. They were the kids who were peaking in life at 18 and gave no thought to their future. They also gave me tons of grief because of who I am.
I'm the hot teacher, Jenna Thomas. I know that sounds conceited, but it's true. I'm 24 and have been teaching in the three years since I graduated from college. I keep myself fit, eat right, and have been blessed with good looks on a good body. I'm a 5'7" brunette with solid Cs. Normally, it's an advantage in life. In my profession, however, I have a hard time being taken seriously by a group of 18 year olds. And I'm not just talking about the boys -- even though they're bad. The girls give me some of the worst problems. They're catty and try to outshine me at every turn.
Another major problem was the "Photo-gate" episode last year. One day, the principal called me into his office and we had to discuss why pictures of me were circulating among the student body. It turns out one of the kids found some pictures of me in a bikini at spring break from a few years ago on the internet. As I looked at the photos the principal had confiscated, I knew why he had to act. It was obviously me, and the bikini was really small and didn't leave much to the imagination. I suppose it's bad to say but I remembered that day and felt a rush of excitement. That trip in Cancun had gotten wild and was much more fun than anything I had done in a long time.
I explained that I had no idea how the photos leaked; I had deleted my Facebook account to avoid situations exactly like this one. The administration was really nice about it and we got the situation resolved. But to a large extent, the damage was done. The fuel had been thrown on the fire and now I was the object of all the boys' fantasies.
*****
I shut down the requests to have a day off and started my lesson about the development of the American political system. I always make a genuine effort to be engaging and not put the class to sleep.
"Tim, can you explain why the Federalist Papers are important even today?" I asked. He sat at the back of the class, shyly, and looking blankly at the wall. When he realized that I was talking to him he clammed up and couldn't get a word out. This was typical. He normally blushed and rarely got a word out. He was a good kid who would blossom in college, but he was just a little awkward at the moment.
I moved on to someone else and gradually the class moved along. After what seemed like a long time—even for me—the bell rang and signaled that the weekend had begun. I didn't have any plans, and I was pretty disappointed about that. I hadn't had a fun weekend in a long time. The prep work to start a new school year was mostly to blame, but even my summer hadn't been very exciting. How had I become such a loser?
At that moment my phone rang. I looked down and saw that my college friend Ryan was calling. Weird, I hadn't spoken to him a while.
"Hey Ryan!"
"Hey Jenna. What are you up to? We haven't talked in a long time and I just wanted to check in."
"I'm great. Started a new school year so things have been busy... but it's settling down now."
"Sounds great. Things are good with me. The job is going great and still enjoy the city. The reason I'm calling is that I have this crazy idea to go to Carthage this weekend. I feel the need to go to a great tailgate. You're on the way, and I was wondering if you wanted to come along."
Ryan and I went to a big football school in the SEC. Our team was undefeated so far and stood a solid chance of going to the national championship game. Ah, a weekend in Carthage may be just the thing for me.
"I'd love to. Now that I think of it, I need a great tailgate too. When were you thinking of leaving?"
"In a few hours. I haven't packed or anything. This is really a spur of the moment idea. At work today I was somehow able to get a hotel room and decided to go for it. How about I pick you up at your place at 7?"
"Sounds perfect, I'll be ready. "
*****
A few hours later Ryan and I were headed down the highway to Carthage. It was so exciting, because my weekend went from sounding boring to amazing. We chatted about what we had been up to in the years since school. Sure, we had seen each other, but there is something about a three hour road trip that really brings out the gossip. I learned all about his love life. It turns out that he was quasi dating some new girl from his work, but she couldn't make the trip this weekend. This was slightly awkward, because Ryan and I had hooked up a lot in college. It had been years since anything had happened, and I thought his call might have been a signal he was interested in reigniting something. After our conversation, however, it didn't seem that was the case at all. Another letdown.
*****
The next morning—after a very uneventful night at the hotel—Ryan and I went to an alumni tailgate near the stadium. It was a 3:30 game, so everyone was naturally tailgating by 10am. And whoa, what a beautiful morning! It was the classic fall day. I was wearing my strapless, tight sundress (not too summer-y) that flairs at the skirt and shows off my cleavage and curves. It comes down just above my knees. It was perfect in the cool, but not too cold, fall weather.
But the big buzzkill of the morning was the crowd; it wasn't doing it for me. The only people I knew were a bunch of condescending a-holes I barely remembered.
"Wow Jenna, I don't think I've ever seen you this sober at a tailgate."
After a while, these comments piled up and I was getting annoyed. Sure, I partied hard in college and had my fair share of flings, but people who I didn't know didn't need to be bringing that up. It was so frustrating! Ryan finally picked up on my annoyance and suggested we change locations to his old frat house. That sounded perfect.
*****
We walked the two blocks to Ryan's old frat, and it brought back so many memories. The white-columned building with the greek letters hanging above the door had been the source of so many great memories in college. Late night dance parties, general drunkenness, and fantastic hookups. UH, I had really torn through the freshmen pledge class my sophomore year. Maybe that was the source of some of those douche alums giving me crap earlier. Oh well, I had a great time in my four years here. No regrets.
And this party was so much more fun. There was an awesome band playing. There was a fun mix of young alums and current students chatting it up. Tables full of drinks and drinking games. Couches to lounge on.
At about 11:30, Ryan asked me if I wanted to go inside and check out some of the pregame shows for the games that day. Sure. So we headed inside to Ryan's old room. And when we got there I realized some things never change. There was an old futon, posters, and beer cans that could have been there when Ryan lived there. The biggest difference was the TV. It was huge and amazing.
We sat down on the futon and settled in watching the various shows predicting who would win and what players would be difference-makers. I know that I'm a girl and am not supposed to know or care about this stuff, but I do!
A few minutes later a young guy walked in with a coat and tie on asking if we wanted any Hooch. This was obviously a pledge.
"Yes, double, double Hooch on the double!" Ryan ordered.
The kid quickly turned and walked away on a mission. To the uninitiated, that meant two double-sized drinks needed in a hurry. A few minutes later Ryan and I had two huge goblets (individual pitchers?) full of Hooch. Also for the uninformed, Hooch was a classic drink at Ryan's frat. Old alums remembered having it at their parties. Mmm. What was in this stuff? God knows. The recipe may not have changed in a hundred years. There were so many flavors you could barely tell there was alcohol in it. A lot of girls stayed away from it, because of the absurd amount of alcohol in it. But for those who went for it, we always ended having a great gameday.
*****
About an hour later—and another order of Hooch—Ryan and I were laughing hysterically remembering the good ole times. We weren't alone though. People came and went in the old frat room, watching TV, and having some drinks. At about 12:30, another one of our rival's games came on. When that game started the room really filled up. Eventually, it was standing room only. Ryan left to go use the restroom and I was left to chat it up with the people around me. No worries. I was feeling a really good buzz and the social lubricant effect of the Hooch was really kickin in. It was actually more than a buzz, I was probably drunk.
A few minutes later a really cute guy sat next to some girl with whom I was speaking. It was her boyfriend Chris. Chris was a sophomore swimmer and DAMN his body showed it. Tall and muscular, but still lean. We chatted it up and played the name game to show that I actually knew some of the people here.
"Oh, there's my roommate Mike," Chris said.
*****
FUCK
Standing before me was Mike Chisolm, one of my former students. He was a senior my first year of teaching, and I didn't know him very well. I didn't even know he ended up coming to school here, let alone joining the frat where I knew (slash fucked) a lot of people. And here I was sitting on his futon drinking my third goblet of Hooch and starting to get drunk.
"Ms. Thomas?" Mike muttered with a shocked look on his face.
"Well good morning Mike," was all I could muster. I tried to act as straight as possible, but I knew that no matter how much talking I did I couldn't get out of this.
"Do y'all know each other?" some voice called out—who it was, I didn't care at the moment.
"We certainly do," was all I could summon.
For some reason, the words emerging from my mouth were tinged in the high sexuality of my feelings. I certainly remembered Mike. If I was the hot teacher that every student wanted to fuck, then Mike was the hot young stud that every teacher wanted to ravish. He was gorgeous. Tall. Thin. Muscular. Crazy smart. Great personality. Leader. And a swimmer if I remember.
He was only two years out of high school, and here he was standing in front of me in his own room looking amazing. My defenses melted down and I envisioned myself riding his cock. AH. The thought of riding some random—NO, not random—but riding a FORBIDDEN cock seemed so tantalizing!
Wasn't that against the law? Surely no. He wasn't my student any more. He was 19 or 20 years old—definitely age of majority—and that surely meant it was fine. He hadn't been my student for several years and there was no position of authority.
Keep justifying it to yourself you slut...
*****
"Oh, we've known each other for a little while," he said. I think he was trying to deflate the situation, which was sweet, but the cat was certainly out of the bag.
"Ms. Thomas..."
"Jenna, you know to call me Jenna," was all I could cut him off with to diminish the embarrassment I was feeling.
"Of course," he said. "I'm really glad you made it to the house this weekend. We really have a fun few days lined up."
"I'm sure you do."
It's the only thing I could say. I was too stunned for words. My brain was trying to catch up from the situation currently in front of me: On one level, I was just a gal in a building on campus that could leave at any moment and nothing would be said. On the other hand, however, here I was, drunk, in a semi-risqué dress on the futon of a former student!
I decided a retreat may be needed, so I stood up and walked out of the room. "I'm gonna go look for my friend."
If you're sitting and drinking for a long time the effects don't really hit you, right? Well, as soon as I had taken two steps the full effects of the alcohol slammed my brain. I wobbled a little on my feet, nothing too bad. I paced through all the hallways, the dining room, the outside, and I still couldn't find Ryan. Did that asshole leave me here? No way, he totally subscribed to the wingman theory and wouldn't leave a girl behind.
None the less, I couldn't find him. Knowing nowhere else to go, I decided to go to the last place where he'd seen me: Mike's room. When I came back some of the faces had changed by they were largely the same. Another problem was that there were no seats. Before I knew it Mike was yelling, "Pledge, give me some more Hooch! And Jenna, if you want to you can sit on the armrest right here. Someone will probably be getting up in a few minutes."
I considered the proposal and decided that it was the only real choice I had. I slowly eased my ass down on the cold, iron, circular armrest that seems standard on these futons. Instantly, the physical discomfort of the position hit me. Damn, this wasn't going to work. "Just focus on the game on the TV and wait for Ryan," I told myself.
The one positive thing that happened at that moment was that the pledge reentered with some Hooch and handed it straight to me. Oh, I guess Mike had ordered it for me. I was glad of it and also a little afraid. This had been, what, my fourth goblet? That's a lot and probably needed to slow down. Oh, well. Fuck it.
After about ten minutes my constant shifting and squirming on that armrest must have been both obvious and awkward. Mike put his arm around my waist and told me that I could scoot down and sit on his lap. That slight touch was electric, so I didn't hesitate. Immediately, I shifted my ass and sat on the edge of his legs. I kept telling myself that I still needed to be proper: sit straight, legs crossed, and don't slip down too close to him.
*****
It immediately became apparent, however, that this was an incredible turn on. The room was filled with so many conversations that I had to constantly shift and turn to either answer questions or look at who was talking. With each movement, my pussy was slipping, sliding, shifting, or swiveling its way to getting really wet! There was nothing I could do.
Mike definitely sensed this. Every so often, he'd put both hands on my waist and ask me to get up for a second while he shook his legs to get some blood flow. Those moments where I wasn't in direct contact with him seemed agonizing, because by this point the heat between my legs was beginning to take total control.
Shit! Was that the Hooch talking? I have no idea. My mind was getting pretty foggy with the insatiable lust coursing through my body at the moment. Sure, he was a former student, and that's probably what really made me really wet.
One other result of Mike's leg shifts was that I'd slip a little further down his lap each time. I had started this whole thing barely clinging to his knee, but after only a few minutes I was half way down his leg. My back would certainly touch his chest if I leaned back a little.
So that's what I did, I just leaned back and put my back into his chest. Ah, this was so much more comfortable! There wasn't any more tension in my back and it took a little pressure off my ass. It was perfect. Mike head could look right over my left shoulder and see everyone in the room just fine.
Something else Mike could now see was my overflowing cleavage. His face was now only inches away with a bird's eye view. My dress was strapless and very low cut, and the way I was hunched it really pushed the girls up and made them appear to be bubbling out of my dress. I could tell his eyes were glued to them.
Knowing his imagination was running amok thinking about my tits, it was making me positively boil. But there was something missing. That's when I realized I actually missed pressuring all my weight through my sex into his body. Just like creating a diamond, that shifting, but constant, pressure had formed the beginning of an orgasm deep within me. And now it was absent.
To compensate, I began sliding down his leg while still leaning back. When I got too low, I'd pull myself back up. To anyone watching, it just looked like I was just shifting every now and then, but to Mike and I it was a dry hump, albeit on a more geologic timetable.
*****
After several minutes of the relatively tame grinding, I pulled my "readjustment" move. This time, however, Mike also repositioned himself, so when I sat back down on his lap I for the first time felt his hard cock running down his leg. It must have been tucked away somewhere before this. It formed a beautiful ridgeline down his leg, and I put my ass right on top of it. Even through my dress and his pants were in the way, I could feel it's subtleties as I started my next slide down.
I was lost in it now. My inhibitions were quickly leaving me. I had no awareness of the people or things around me anymore. I only registered Mike's stimuli. His cock sliding in between my legs. His hand slowly massaging my hip and working down to my ass. His hot breath hitting me where my neck meets my shoulder and flowing down to my tits.
All of a sudden everyone in the room stood up and cheered. It turns out everyone else really was watching the game. Our bitter rival had thrown a pick 6 to lose the game. Joy abounds. As Mike and I stood up to seem a part of the group, we gave each other a knowing look that this train he left the station and there wasn't anything that was going to stop it.
For some reason, people began talking to Mike and cutting him off from me. Fuck! What were these people doing? Wasn't this obvious? Kids these days must be completely oblivious to the cockblock. I got a little hissy and decided now would be a good time to go to the bathroom.
The ladies' room was just down the hall and I settled down in my stall to pee. I had drunk a ton and I suppose this was long overdue, so it took a while. While I was in there, I could overhear to two girls standing at the sinks gossiping away.
"Oh my, did you see that girl sitting on Mike's lap? She was giving him an open invite."
Bitch.
"Be quiet. She didn't have anywhere else to sit. I actually thought she was really pretty."
Clever girl, and she must not have picked up on my slow-slide dry fuck.
As I stood up to pull my thong up, I said fuck it and stepped out of it. If I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this right. When I picked it up I was glad I took it off. They were saturated with my juices so they were already going to be a liability. But where can I put them? I don't have my bag with me... I never take than along on gameday. It's just one more thing to lose. Trash can it is. Those weren't that expensive anyway.
*****
Reentering Mike's room filled me with a sense of anticipation I hadn't felt in such a long time. Being a little conservative teacher for so long had really suppressed the animal instincts I had cultivated in this very house. Now that I was back, it seemed those impulses returned.
Rather than even attempt to find another seat, I sat right back down on Mike's lap. No one really had a surprised look about this, because everyone seemed to be sitting in more or less the same seats. The person who did have the surprised look on his face was Mike, because when I sat down I positioned my skirt so that my bare ass and pussy were sitting right on his crotch. I couldn't be sure, but in that instantaneous moment of my skirt falling back down to rest he could have seen my wet sex descending down to him.
It seems the small intermission had caused his giant hard-on to subside a little. That was unfortunate, but I knew that there were things that I could do about that. A few forward and back motions; a subtle reposition; and my body had once again caught the attention of his cock. It was hard as granite and running straight down his leg—staining to get out.
Unh! This felt much better without that thong. Granted, there wasn't that much fabric in that thing to start with, but now there wasn't even my skirt separating us. His thin pants did nothing to hide his beautiful cock. I became a little more aggressive with my grinding and soon I could clearly distinguish the head from the shaft of extremely well endowed manhood. My guess was seven or eight inches. I had had larger but I had certainly had had much smaller.
"Your body is so hot, you're on fire right now. I can feel it," he whispered in my ear.
"It's that big pole down there that's getting me all hot and bothered," I responded in as sexy tone as possible.
By now I was leaning really far back and sitting right on his crotch. I was whispering directly in his ear. I even licked his earlobe a little to make my intentions as clear as possible. I tried to push out my chest to air out my tits as much as I could. I don't know how my tits didn't pop out right then. My breathing was deep and slow, and I knew my chest was heaving in a way I knew no man could resist.
"Are you sure this is cool? I mean you were my teacher."
"Shut up about that. I don't need reminding, and it's not like you're my student anymore."
"You were my favorite. I imagined your body and how it would feel all the time."
"Well now it seems you have the opportunity to make imagination meet reality."
"Sit up."
I was a little confused. We were starting to get into a pretty good rhythm with our dirty talk and now it seems he was pushing me away. Was I being a little too forward? I was drunk as hell by now and I'm sure I was coming on very strong, but I never thought I'd get rebuffed.
So I bounced up to try and fix my skirt so the whole room couldn't tell it had ridden up, displaying my ass. Right as I was mid-move, however, I felt Mike's hand reach under my skirt. In less than a second he had his hand in perfect position at the precise point where my pussy came back down on his lap. YES. His palm was right on the folds of my entrance and his fingers were hovering wonderfully close to my clit. Immediately his hand began a message that brought me near orgasm right then and there.
I let out a small gasp, and for an instant I believed it had betrayed us. Luckily, something in the conversation of the others had caused them to get loud, or laugh, or whatever...I didn't care. Involuntarily I started grinding back and forth on his hand. If our dry humping was slow and innocuous before, it certainly had a more sustained, quick tempo now.
Finally, I felt his index finger curve upward and enter me. On its way, it slid right over my clit and through the folds of skin that were now absolutely churning with my wetness. His finger was hitting my G Spot and my muscles were squeezing around it. I was imagining it as his cock instead of his finger.
He kept a slow, but continuous rhythmic assault of my pussy for the next few minutes. Every now and then, I'd make a genuine attempt to look around and try to at least look at the people around me. I didn't want it blatantly obvious that I was getting finger fucked right in front of them.
Mike seemed to have to same idea. I thought he turned a little reckless when he actually broke into the conversation. He started talking about football or school or the sky for all I cared. Somehow, he threw in some witty punch line. Simultaneously, the room laughed together and he inserted another finger inside me. The only reaction I could muster that could mask the soul reverberating moan that I wanted to let out was a small giggle. No one seemed to comprehend the difference.
I could feel the sweat start to glisten on my skin. My nipples were as hard as I'd ever felt them. Even with my bra and a dress, I was convinced people could see them. This only added to the rapture. I had fucked a few guys outdoors before, but this was my first public sexual experience, and I was sitting no more than three feet away from other people. It was such a rush.
The synergies of so many intense emotions began to build. The taboo of hooking up with a student. The exhilaration of being caught by the people in the room. I was checking so many items on a fantasy list, and I was doing it all at once.
*****
"Jenna, where have you been?" Ryan called out.
I looked up and there he was. The others in the room couldn't see Mike's hand up my skirt, because they were on the other side. But from the side of the room where the door was, where Ryan was coming in, the angle offered a much better opportunity to see what may be going on.
"Oh Ryan," as I tried to sit up a little and wipe my brow of a little perspiration, "I looked for you earlier but couldn't find you. I've just been here."
Ryan gave me an up and down look and seemed to somewhat take in the scene. I don't think he knew that Mike had half his hand inside me, but I think he knew I was worked up.
"Jen, I'm sorry. I was watching in another room. A buddy of mine may have an extra ticket to the game for me. I'm working on getting another for you one if you want."
Fuck the football game. I came here to party and a young stud was feeling me up.
"Um, it sounds like it may be too much trouble to find another ticket. Plus I don't want to sit by myself. You go ahead and go. There are some things planned that I can do. You go have fun."
That seemed to be a perfectly legitimate answer. Ryan said his goodbyes and went out the door shaking his head. During the whole exchange I felt Mike tense up. He must have thought I was going to leave with the guy I came with. Silly.
*****
At that point in the day, some other people in the room began to leave. Whether they had tickets to the game or just needed a change in scenery, there were only about five people in the room now: Mike's roommate Chris and his girlfriend, two random dudes, Mike, and I.
With the conversation fractured, all the other people in the room decided it would be a good idea to start playing a drinking game. They all gathered around a table and started some card game I had never seen. They invited Mike and me to play, but Mike fended it off by saying we had both probably had enough to drink. Truth.
What this did allow was for me and Mike a small element of privacy. Sure, it was a little ridiculous that I was sitting on his lap when the rest of the futon was empty, but that wasn't that weird, was it?
We pretended to be transfixed to some game on TV, but in reality our hookup was now moving to advanced stages. I was able to get my hand under me so I could massage his cock while he fingered the shit out of me. His whole body began to thrust forward as if it was anticipating a long and good fuck. I let him. Our bodies got in a good tempo where we were simulating the entire act.
The shitty part for him was that I actually wasn't touching his cock. He was giving me all kinds of great sensations, but I wasn't sharing well. So I took it upon myself to change that fact.
I leaned forward but kept my hand right in his crotch. Ever so slowly, I found the button and zipper to his pants and undid them. It took a little while, because it was an awkward move to perform while reaching behind me with only one hand. But I finally got it. Very deliberately I snaked my hand into his pants and wrapped my fingers around his pulsing cock.
Unnhh. It was such a feeling of fulfillment when I finally got a hold of him and wrapped my fingers around his shaft. In fact, it was a little larger than what I could fully grasp. His cock was much thicker than I'd anticipated—this kid just kept coming with the good surprises. I began slowly jerking him off.
Unsatisfied, I took the next inevitable step. I needed his cock in the open air. There were some awkward moments when he had to pull down his pants enough to allow his cock to spring through that hole guys have in their boxers. But finally it was out.
I resituated sitting on top of him and put my pussy right on top of his cock. It wasn't pointing up, so there wasn't penetration. Rather, he had pushed it down his leg again. When I sat down his cock ran the full length along my slit, from my clit to my asshole. This was wonderful.
When I put all my weight down, his shaft worked its way up and gave me a great rail to slide back and forth along. I abandoned any façade of "simply readjusting for comfort." I had my hips pumping forward and backward the way you only do while riding a cock. Granted, I wasn't doing it at any pace close to full potential, but this was getting dangerously close to becoming obvious!
Little moans escaped my throat as the motion got slicker and easier as my juices coated his cock. It was a fountain down there. It would have drowned a small child. I had no doubt that my wetness was contributing most of the lubrication, but my mind began to fantasize about little dribbles of precum beginning to enter the mix from the tip of his cock.
The heat and tingling that began in my pussy slowly radiated throughout my whole body. Now, I began to realize how frustrating this would be. My body was crying out for more. I needed to rub my nipples. I wanted to kiss him deeply and passionately. I wanted his hands all over me. But we kept up the front of two kids sitting on a futon watching TV.
"I want you so bad," he whispered. "You're so fucking hot."
"I have your cock right here but can't do anything about it. I want you deep inside of me right now."
"Your dress is riding up. Soon they'll be able to see what's going on."
"I don't care, let them see. I just need you all over me right now...unhhh."
That last moan coincided with the tip of his cock meeting the entrance to my pussy. It didn't go in, but we both knew that it would soon. Before now, we hadn't played the tip game at all. We both knew that if we got to that point, there was no return. We were now at that doorway.
"Swivel around. Make it look like we're just making out."
"No, just a little bit longer..."
Finishing that sentence, I raised up a little on my knees lifting my whole body. He cock sprang up with me and as soon as I felt that his cock was perfectly lined up...I dropped.
UUnnnhhh...
Both of us gasped. His whole rod slid into me like we were made for each other. He wasn't all the way inside me, but he was much farther inside me than his fingers had been earlier. We paused for a moment and let the feeling sink in. Then he gave a slow, deliberate upward thrust to penetrate me as deeply as this position would allow.
His lubricated cock seemed to continue on and on father inside me as he made several successive thrusts. I had my head back with my mouth agape at the gloriousness of the feeling. I brought my head down, and realized that the three guys at the table were now staring at us. Chris's girlfriend was dealing the next hand and concentrating on that. She didn't seem to realize that she was talking and dealing but no one was listening.
At that point, I threw caution to the wind and started riding Mike's cock. The boys in the room knew what was going on. There was no mistaking this. It was fucking. I grabbed Mike's hands and placed them on my tits. He immediately saw the green light and began to knead my fleshy tits.
With the audience I began looking right at them while I thrusted down onto Mike.
"Hey Steph, will you be a doll and go grab us some Hooch?" Chris asked his girlfriend.
Mike and I paused just in time for Steph to look up at the boys and not notice us. "Ok," she responded. With that, she meandered off to wherever some bottomless bin of booze was located. One of the random guys followed her towards the door. When he got to it, he closed and locked the door.
The scene was set. I had a decision to make. I could tell these guys to get the fuck out of here so that Mike and I could have this room to ourselves, but that seemed like it would result in some kind of argument. It was decision time, and I made it. And I needed cock NOW!
"Fuck me Mike," I demanded.
I started pistoning up and down on his cock (that had never exited me throughout the entire process). With one hand I pulled down the top of my dress and bra allowing my tits to topple out of the prison that had been this dress for the past few hours. Mike's hands immediately grabbed hold of them and began tweaking my nipples. This new physical stimulus in addition to the removed need for caution drove me into overdrive. I thrusted. Mike thrusted. We were fucking with no abandon.
As good as this feeling was I knew that it could be more. I hiked my skirt above my waist and started flicking my clit. So now I was riding a former student, reverse cowgirl, with my entire dress bunched around my stomach and was fingering my clit directly above the point where a massive cock was pummeling my pussy...in front of three perfect strangers.
"Oh fuck yes Mike. Punish my pussy. Squeeze my nipples. SQUEEZE them!"
"Fuck yea, Ms. Thomas. Tell me what you want!"
"Harder! Fuck me harder!"
Mike was like a racehorse making the final turn and galloping down the straightaway. He was furiously thrusting upwards, lifting my whole body up and down. He was straining so hard, he had to take his hands off my tits so that he could grab my waist and hoist me up with the strength of his arms.
Undaunted, we kept it up. There were some knocks on the door from what must have been Steph trying to get back in. I heard Rando Guy tell her the door was jammed and they were trying to fix it.
Noticing they were in room, I locked eyes with each of them. One by one. They were staring at me wide eyed and I gave them a look back that displayed no shame, remorse, or hesitation. I was riding a student's cock and they were strangers and I didn't give a fuck.
Mike's cock began to pulse. Even through all the back and forth, I could feel his dick throbbing as it approached climax. I took the hand that was fingering my clit and reached down and grabbed his balls. I cupped them in my hand and started giving them slight pressure. This must have been too much.
"I'm cumming Ms. Thomas! Get ready for it."
"Fuck yes, cum in me Mike. Knock up your teacher."
The three guys looking on gave each other questioning but amazed glances as they realized that we were either in advanced role play or that I was in fact a teacher.
When I felt the surge of cum start to fill my pussy, I switched my hand back to my clit and furiously rubbed it as I felt bead after bead of goo fill up all of my insides. That sensation mixed with my frenzied attention to my own clit, my own climax erupted. My muscles contracted around his cock and had the effect of milking every last drop out of his balls. I could feel his jizz oozing out around his cock. But I also felt a new surge of moisture coming from my body. Sometimes when I cum really hard I squirt a little.
We sat there very still for a few moments. Then I slowly turned around and straddled him. Even though his cock was rapidly deflating following his orgasm, he managed to stay inside me. I turned and finally we were face to face. I looked into his beautiful eyes and kissed him very deeply. With our arms wrapped around one another, we paused again and let the moment sink in.
"That was amazing," he added first.
"Mind blowing. You're quite the stud."
"I was just trying to keep up. You've been my fantasy for so long, I thought I was going to blow thirty seconds in."
"Well you didn't, and that just means you might be able to fuck me all night next time."
"Sounds like a challenge."
"Take it as one. I'll make it worth your while."
"Is it really ok that I came in you?"
"It's fine." Or was it fine? I had stopped taking birth control because I really didn't see the need for it. Guess I'd have to go and get the morning after pill.
*****
"So, what do you want to do now?" Mike asked.
"I don't know," was all I could respond.
We had moved to his bed and were lying down wrapped in one another. The random guys had left. It had only been a few minutes since our first time together, and now the consequences of my actions were beginning to trickle into my consciousness. No, I didn't think that it was a big deal to have an affair with a former student. But news travels fast. Before morning a lot of people would know that Mike had fucked some teacher—maybe his high school teacher. And the way everyone seems to know everyone there seemed a good chance this could come back to bite me. Fuck.
But I can't worry about that now. What's done is done. Why shouldn't I just enjoy life as it comes? At that moment another pledge walked in and gave us each a fresh goblet of Hooch. I downed it in one long series of gulps.
"Well ok," Mike said. "Interested in staying for our band party tonight? It's gonna be rockin."
Don't mind if I do...