It was the last few days for me in Bangalore, my hobby of displaying myself to women was coming to an end and I thought it had already reached its zenith. Now there was a girl named Aishwarya who stayed near my place. She was a colleague of mine and we knew each other but hardly spoke. She would have to cross my place to go to hers when she returned from office. My naughty mind had already planned for a final display of my prowess.
Three days before my last day I noticed that Aishwarya was in the afternoon shift, which meant that the cab would drop her near the end of the street by eleven in the night and should cross my flat to go hers at that time. The plan was simple. I would stand naked near the gate of my flat and leave it open so that she would have an ample view of my naked display. As expected, the cab dropped her by eleven, I was nervous and expected. Unlike the other women who never knew me, Aishwarya knew me and so I wondered how she'd treat me after this was over. She started walking towards my flat. When she was about ten metres away, I stripped. I was scared, she could only see my head and neck from that distance. She neared. What was I to do? I just knelt down naked with my hands behind my back. I knew that she could've seen me. She just walked past without looking at me, but I had my eyes on her. I felt good, she was dressed and I was naked. If only she had seen me! I got back to my room, thought of the episode and jerked off imagining what she might be thinking of me.
The next day I planned something more adventurous. Perhaps I should stand instead of kneeling and let her see me. Yes, I'm going to do it. Night came, it was about time. I took my position at the gate, made sure that it was open enough for anyone passing by to have a good look at me. But tonight was a little different there were some guys standing near by and also another neighbour was standing and smoking. But neither of them could see me fully, except for my head. This meant that Aishwarya alone would be able to see me when she passes by.
It was time, the cab arrived. She got down and started walking towards my gate. She was visibly frightened to see the other guys standing on the road and she immediately picked up her mobile and called up someone. I bent down completely to remove my clothes so that the neighbour uncle wouldn't see what I was doing. After stripping completely naked, I stood up very near the open gate. Shame was flowing out of my body. She walked by there was no way she could avoid looking at me. I looked the other way to see what the neighbour and the other guys were doing. When I noticed that they weren't looking my way I felt confident to stand in that state of nudity and shamelessness. I noticed with the side of my eye that she was about to cross my gate and then I turned towards her. She at once turned away her face as if she had not seen me at all. My dick was excited. It popped up in desire! Did she see it? I'm sure she did! What would she think of me?
How shameless this guy is, there are other guys around and this fellow is standing naked like this. She couldn't complain to anyone because she was more afraid of those guys than the naked me. Satisfied with my brave act I quickly ran back to my room, picking up my clothes. Another night to pleasure myself thinking of my perverted and shameful act.
The last night, tonight I was going to do the unthinkable. I was going to attempt to talk to her. Would she be scared? Would she scream and call the neighbours? Come what may, I was going to talk to her while being in the nude! I waited as per usual, it was ten past eleven. She still didn't come. Damn, don't tell me her shift has been changed? Was it her off? Or did she get afraid and not go to office today? No let me wait, perhaps the cab was late! Just then there was a sound of a car honking. It was her cab. Phew, it's her. Now how do I talk to her? I stripped and took my position at the gate. She walked and came closer to my gate. I was nervous. This was the point of no return. I stepped out onto the street. I was on display for those who would be able to see me! She was a bit shocked and tried her best not to look at me. She came directly in front of me and was about to pass me. This was my chance.
"Very late!"
"Shh! It's you, I thought it was someone else. Yes, I'm in the afternoon shift."
She was trying to look at only my eyes, I guess she couldn't believe that I was actually naked and talking to her that too on the road. My dick was hard from excitement. I ought to respect the lady's desire to see my dick.
"Where do you stay exactly?"
"The last house down the street."
"The black gate?"
I turned towards the direction which she told me to give her ample time to look at my dick.
"Yes, that's the one."
By the time turned I caught her staring at my dick. She was embarrassed that I noticed and the shock was visible.
"Don't you have any shame in you?"
I smiled, "Why?"
"You're standing naked and talking to me on the road. You're going to get screwed and I'll get in trouble as well."
"It's just for fun."
"Yeah right, good night."
She was about to leave when she noticed the guys from yesterday stand near her place. She paused.
"What happened?"
"These guys, they're always trying to talk to me and it's irritating."
"You want me to walk with you?"
"You will?"
"Yeah!"
"Okay I'll wait here you can go get dressed and come."
"Why don't I come like this?"
"Seriously? You want to walk naked with me on the road?"
"Yes, what's there?"
"I'll get into trouble."
"Chill it's just the guys, I sure they'll not stock you once they see me walking naked with you."
After a few seconds, she agreed for my naked walk. It's only the guys. Or was it? Of course not. There was one female from the girls PG who was recording everything on her mobile along with her roommate. Was I in trouble? Will she post it on the net? I didn't care, I started to walk with Aishwarya.
"I hope no one else sees you like this!"
"You're so concerned about me?"
"Dude you know you can be booked for indecent exposure or something. They might parade you naked as well!"
"I wouldn't mind that."
"Shameless pervert."
We were now crossing the guys who were teasing her, but this time it was going to be me who receive the teasing.
"Happy birthday to you..." Obviously because I was naked they were mocking me. One of the guys walked beside me and and spanked me. I turned but said nothing.
"Why don't you fight them?"
"For what? You want to see them beat me up?"
"Can't you fight?"
They surrounded us. Aishwarya was scared. She held my hand. One of the guys walked up to me.
"So what's up dude?" and they started laughing looking at my hard dick.
"Wanna fight?"
I said nothing and looked into his eyes. He caught my nipples and pinched them. They all laughed again.
"Look fellas he's playing the silent game like he's going to fight back. Is she your girl?"
Still no reaction. Then he gave me a hard slap. The blood flow in my face was quickened.
"Why don't you react?"
I looked at her but said nothing, he slapped me again and then started laughing.
"Looks like this guy can take a beating!" Just then caught Aishwarya's hand and made a run for it towards the gate of her flat. I was about ten metres only but still we ran. She went and closed the gate. By then the guys also ran and came up to the gate. She slapped me. I wondered why! At the same there was a spank on my bum. The guys were having long sticks and they started spanking me on the road!
"Let's see how much he can take!" I looked at Aishwarya while my hands were on the gate and my dick was through the fencing of the gate. She put her hands over mine.
"Come on guys let's show this jerk who's boss around here."
One by one they took turns spanking me. I didn't move, I needed to show Aishwarya that I was capable to taking a good spanking. And yes I did prove myself. After about fifteen minutes, the spanking stopped. They guys gave up and left the place and so did Aishwarya without saying anything. I turned and looked at the road. It seemed like a long way from my flat but it was only about fifty metres. There were sounds of laughter. Some girls on one of the terraces had witnessed my spanking and were laughing at me. I started my naked walk back home. Hoped that no one else would see me. As I was about to reach the gate I noticed that there was the girl on the balcony opposite my flat who seen me walking naked. I felt a thrill. She was wearing a short skirt and sleeveless top. She looked ravishing. I was about to jerk off in front of her on the road when I noticed a group of guys entering the street. Was it the same gang? No! These were guys from my flat. I quickly ran towards the gate opened it and darted to my room. I wonder if they seen me? Even if they did the halogen lamps wouldn't reveal my nakedness that easily. I locked the door and caught my breath. This was one walk I wasn't going to forget anytime soon!