After a couple of months, Susie was working out quite well in the office. Everyone appreciated her work and the spirit and fun she brought into work each day. It helped that she was a young, sexy, energetic, fun loving... cock teaser.
A couple of notes about Susie. She is mid-20's, 5'2", 105 pounds, very cute, ultra-competitive and has a body that guys (and girls) would do anything for. I began dating her in high school and thru time as we became sexually active, I helped transform Susie from just being a "knock-out" into being a "knock-out" who was also a cock-teasing exhibitionist. It all started when I began to make bets with Susie. When she would lose, I'd make her do things like take her bra off and unbutton 2 or 3 buttons on her shirt so it would be easy for people to see her boobs and her nipples. Or I'd make her wear very short skirts that I had taken to get altered... meaning quite a bit shortened. I've "made" her pump gas in a small t-shirt and panties, wear very revealing outfits to school or anywhere in public and be a show-off at movie theaters, restaurants and at the beach. It wasn't hard to convince her, she simply loves being a show-off and it turns her on like crazy.
No one in the office realized that Susie was my girlfriend, so the guys weren't particularly cautious about what they said about her. Because I was the boss, they wouldn't talk a lot about her when I was around, but sometimes things would slip out. I'd hear them talk about her flashing them and flirting with them or what she was wearing... but normally they would quiet down when I came around.
Susie would tell me what was going on in the office and how the guys were working... I mean playing with her. She enjoyed the attention -- and enjoyed being turned-on, to say the least.
Today she came into my office to go thru some work things. As she stood in front on my desk, she looked sexy as hell. Her nipples were hard and easy to see thru her thin, light green top. I purposely didn't say anything about her nipples because I knew that's what she wanted to hear -- she loved to hear compliments, and I wanted her to try harder to get them. So, I just pretended that I didn't notice. As we ended our meeting, I asked how things were going with the team. I knew the answer, but just wanted to hear her point of view.
"They're going great. The guys are nice and a lot of fun. Sometimes they get a little... well.... crazy, but they're cute, so I don't mind. Oh, they asked if I could help pick out some clothes for their girlfriends. They asked really nice, so I said I'd be happy to help, so they're going to bring some things in for me to model for them so they can see what looks good. I gave them my sizes so they would get stuff that would fit me and Dan will bring stuff in sometime over the next few days; I'm just letting you know."
I asked her what she meant by them going "a little crazy."
She said, "Nothing bad, those guys just like to play around, you know."
I asked, "Like... what do you mean?"
"Well, they like to tell dirty jokes and to slap my butt and pull my skirt up. Or they will "accidently" brush up against my boobs or have me sit on their lap; you know those kinds of things. Nothing serious, they are just doing it to be funny."
So, I said I was glad they were doing those things to be funny and it wasn't anything sexual.... and I left it at that. Ya, right....
I couple of days later, I asked Susie if anything ever happened with the clothes try-on.
"Yes, we did the first one last night in the conference room. The guys were really nice, we had some drinks and they looked at the clothes."
I asked, "So, that was it? I know those guys like to play drinking games, was there any of that?"
Susie giggled, "Well, for the first hour or so, we played music and a number of their crazy drinking games. I think we all got a little... um... drunk, we had quite a few shots. But we were all having a good time. So, Dan gave me a skirt and a top to try-on for them, he said he thought his girlfriend might like it. I started to leave the room to change, but they told me I could change right in the room and they wouldn't look. Well, I laughed and was tipsy enough, so I gave it a try."
I said, "So wait, you changed in the same room with all four of them? I'm sure they didn't look, right?"
"Well, yes, I changed in the room, but I wasn't naked, I had my panties on so it wasn't a big deal. But the guys were playing around and kind of peeked a little, I told them they were being bad and to stop it. Gerry was really bad; he was taking pics and videos. Boy, I was glad that I wore my cute little blue panties for all of them -- they all said that the color looked great on me. And, the pics & videos turned out great! Anyway, I took off my skirt and put on the one that Dan brought. My gosh it was short; it barely covered my pussy and my ass -- but it was cute enough! The top was tight and came halfway down my tummy. I changed into that. They were nice, they said the top made my boobs and nipples look great. So, they were all sitting in a circle, I just danced around modeling for them."
I could tell that Susie was starting to get hot just re-living the story. Her nipples were hard and she was bushing her hand over her pussy, not overtly rubbing herself -- but she was definitely getting turned-on.
"So, were they well behaved? Did they keep their hands to themselves?"
"Well, kind of. They were playing around, lifting my skirt and putting their hands up on my little cute ass, as they called it, but nothing bad. We were all joking around and laughing. Dan had me stand right in front of him. He was looking at my boobs and was saying they looked great. That was nice to hear, it made me feel sexy. He tricked me, he told me to close my eyes so he could kiss me. I did... and he kissed my nipples. We all laughed. He said the skirt was just the right length. He said he could just get a little glimpse of my panties in the front, nothing that bad -- and he rubbed my pussy to show me how much was showing. It felt so good. He asked if I cared that my panties were showing and if I'd wear a skirt like that out in public where people could see me. I said I'd wear it if my boyfriend wanted me too or if I was going to a bar. Gerry said the same is true of the back, he could just see the beginning of my cute ass cheeks and my panties."
She lifted her skirt to show me how much of her pussy was showing. I could see about an inch of her thin white panties. I lied and said, "Oh, that's not bad at all, I bet they barely noticed." Then I added, "So, that was it?"
Susie kept her skirt pulled up for me to see and said, "Well, we took a few more shots and Dan gave me something else to wear. And that was pretty much it."
"Oh, what else did he have for you?"
"Well, he gave me this tiny pink, see-thru bra and thong set. He said he wanted to try to convince his girlfriend to wear it."
"Wait, how did he know your size?"
"Well, he's a good guesser. A couple of days ago we were talking about our favorite types of panties and he guessed my size. Too prove it, he made me show him the tag in the back. That's all."
"Oh, I assume he had to lift your skirt to see the tag?"
"Well, yes, I lifted my skirt for him so he could see the size. I was helping him for his girlfriend, so it was OK. He said he really liked the look and the feel of the panties I was wearing. He wished his girlfriend had some like those -- he wouldn't be able to keep his.... well, he said his hands.... or his cock.... off them. As he was saying that, he was running his hands over my ass and pussy. I don't think he realized that he was making me hotter than hell. He was being so nice that I gave him those panties for his girlfriend. Anyway, that's how he got my size."
"Ya, right, I'm sure he appreciated your help."
"Anyway, he said he wanted to see how the pink bra and panties would look. He got the guys to start chanting my name... I was already hot from "modeling" the sexy skirt and top and the fact that they were all groping me, so this just made me even more horny -- the bra and thong were incredibly tiny. So, I told the guys not to cheat or to look as I changed into them. That smart-ass Gerry promised me that he would cheat! Anyway, wow, did I feel sexy, they kept saying that my nipples were incredible! So, I danced around and gave them each a lap dance. It was sexy grinding on them being almost naked, feeling their hard-ons on my ass. Gerry kept taking good pics and videos as I was playing with the guys. The bra was so thin that got my nipples were really hard. And they said they could see my pussy lips thru the panties. I told them they couldn't, but they had me pull my panties up so the panties were tight against my.... well you know."
"Gerry was saying that I looked like I had modeled lingerie before, and I told him I hadn't. So, he told me to do some poses. I didn't know what to do, he just said do what comes naturally. First, I put both hands on my hips, he took over and told me to stick my chest and my bellybutton out toward the camera. He had me lower the bra straps down my arms. Then he said, make my eyes look like I just had sex with a group of guys for hours and open my lips like I was giving a blow job. He had me put my finger on my lips and then push it in and out of my mouth like it was a cock. It was amazing doing that in front of those guys. They loved it. Then he said to pretend like my mouth was full of his cum and to swallow it all. I just did as I was told, and they said I looked great doing it."
"What were the other guys doing?"
"They were giving suggestions, too! They had me pull my panties down as low as I could without showing my pussy. Those funny perverts had me bend over and touch my toes while Gerry took videos of my ass. That kind of stuff."
I asked, "So, is that how it ended?" At this point, Susie was definitely hot. She was slowly rubbing her pussy as she spoke.
"Well, we played one more game called who's the best kisser. Those guys talked me into it."
I said, "I'll bet that was hard."
"They blindfolded me, and the game was each would kiss me and I had to guess who it was."
I loved hearing these stories. "How did that go?"
"Well, Bob went first, he started by kissing me on the lips, that was nice. Then he kissed me on my cheek and my chin."
"Before you go any further, let me ask. Were you still just in your panties and bra, or did you get dressed?"
"Of course, I was still in the bra and panties than Dan brought. I wasn't naked, so it wasn't bad. They kept saying how great and how sexy I looked. Oh, and those guys stole my blue panties anyway. I kept asking for my panties, I told them my boyfriend loved them. But, whoever had them wouldn't give them back. Anyway, while I was distracted, Bad Boy Bob lowered his face and kissed and licked both my nipples. I told him he was bad! But at least I still had my bra on then."
"Hold on... you said.... then?"
"It wasn't my fault! Dan, Mr. Nimble Fingers unclasped my bra as Jim was kissing and licking my belly button."
"Wait... how did Jim get into this?"
"He was next after Bob; it was his turn to kiss me. So, he had me stand up. He kissed my lips, which felt great. He slowly moved his hands down my neck, between and around my boobs, he lightly pinched my nipples and moved his hands down my tummy to my panties. He knew what he was doing. I was squirming. I had that blindfold on, so I didn't see Dan come over. Jim kept licking and kissing my belly, he went lower and kissed by pussy which was still covered by my panties. He was licking my pussy which drove me wild. I was just about to cum, I wanted a cock so bad. Then and all of a sudden, Dan unclasped my bra and it fell to the floor. Jim started fingering me at the same time. I was moaning, I didn't care, I wanted more."
"Dan reached around me and took my hands while Jim kept kissing and licking my tummy and fingering my pussy. Dan put my hands on his cock. He was really hard, and I could feel how long his cock was. I was so hot; I couldn't help it. Dan kept whispering to me and asking me what I wanted. I said I wanted to suck his big hard cock. I told him that I wanted to since the first day I saw him. He made me repeat it and to say it loud so all the guys could hear. He asked me where I wanted him to shoot his cum. I begged him to cum in my mouth. Dan said that he'd cum in my mouth, but only if Gerry filmed it. I was so hot I said OK, just cum in my mouth so I could swallow your cum."
At this point Susie had her fingers inside her panties, she loved telling me the story.
She went on, "So, I gave him a great blow job. I licked the head of his cock, then up and down his shaft. Mike came over and started fingering me. I was about to cum, I begged him not to stop. I kept popping the head of Dan's cock in and out of my mouth, then I'd put as much of his cock into my mouth as I could take. I could tell he was about to cum. I looked into his eyes and told him to shoot his wad down my throat."
"I was sucking and licking his cock and just before he came, I felt Mike's dick rubbing against my ass. I spread my legs for him. Mike was sticking the head of his cock just barely into me, he was teasing me like crazy. It was so hot having a cock in my mouth and my pussy at the same time with Gerry filming it. Then he pushed his cock deeper into me, I couldn't take it, I came. And when I did, Dan shot his load into my mouth. I opened my mouth so Gerry could film it. Then I licked Dan's cock clean as Mike kept pounding my pussy."
"I was so hot, I grabbed Gerry and pulled him over to me. I started to undo his pants, he filmed it all which made it very sensual. I looked into the camera and was bad. I said that I was going to make Gerry cum all over my face. I took his cock out - he was already hard. I wanted it in my mouth, but he put his hand on my forehead and he said that I needed to beg for it. I looked in the camera and asked him if I could please lick and suck his hard cock. He made me repeat three times -- I did."
Then I couldn't help it, I begged him to fuck me first. So, Mike backed away and Gerry had me lay on my back on the conference room table. He had me peel my panties off and give them to him. He said he was going to give them to his girlfriend, so he'd think of me when he fucked her. He put my legs over his shoulders, I told him to fuck me as good as he could. As he was starting to fuck me, Paul came over. He told me to blow him. I grabbed his cock and pulled him over and began sucking his cock as Gerry fucked me like a wild man. It felt so good. Then before I knew it, Dan came back over and started sucking my tits. He called me his sexy slut, what a turn-on! I was stroking his cock, getting it hard again, he said he really wanted to fuck me, too. I told him to fuck his sexy slut. I would take Paul's cock out of my mouth just long enough to tell Gerry to fuck me harder."
I could tell Paul was about to cum, he made me say they could each fuck me anytime they wanted at work. I moaned and told them they could. His cum tasted so good! Paul first shot of cum filled my mouth and I looked up at him and smiled, it made me cum again. He blew his second load all over my cheeks. I took his cock and licked it clean. Gerry couldn't take it; he blew his wad all over my stomach. I cleaned his cock, too. Dan was last. He fucked me for hard for at least 5 minutes, then pulled out and asked me to blow him so he could cum in my mouth. I made out with his big beautiful cock and just before he came- I put his cock in my mouth and he exploded.
Oh, I almost forgot Bob. He took pics and videos the whole time, but he did have a huge hard-on. The guys were saying I should reward him. I asked him what he would like. He told me to get on all fours so he could fuck me from behind. Dan took the camera while Bob pumped me from behind. Then Gerry and Paul came over and I took turns blowing each of them as Bob was doing me from behind.
I think overall, I came 5 times. They say they want to have a party to look at the videos and pics next week. I guess I should, right?
All I could say was, "They were nice enough to take the pics and videos, so you probably should."
Susie was very excited; she was fingering herself like crazy. She said, "Can I please suck you, please let me, I want you to cum in my mouth and I want you to do it now."
She walked over, took her panties off and put them on my desk. She told me to keep them. As she talked, she undid my pants and took out my raging hard-on. This was going to be a great blow job!