It was the first week of classes and Gary's first year at the state university. Gary was 18 years old, and had lived a somewhat sheltered life to that point. He was from a small town in the Midwest, and though he was a country boy, this university was the only place he could get the degree he wanted for his chosen career.
He had just moved everything into his dorm room and suffered through freshman orientation the week before. Now the upper class students were here too, making the dorm much fuller and louder.
Gary's dorm was coed, with boys on one wing and girls on the next wing. There were community bathrooms at the beginning of each wing, and already Gary had noticed when walking by that the girls tended to come from the bathroom wearing their towels and (he assumed) nothing else. That made for a nice view on his way in or out of the building.
Gary was outgoing, and since he was one of the first to move in, he had met several guys and girls who lived on the same dorm floor as him. There was one girl in particular that Gary had hit it off with named Ashlyn.
Ashlyn was also a freshman. She had also come from a small town, but wanted to go to the big university to meet people and get a different kind of experience. She was five feet four inches tall and very slim, probably 100 pounds. She had dark brown, almost black hair that was shiny and fairly long, reaching almost to the middle of her back. Gary could tell that Ashlyn was very intelligent and kind. She had a great sense of humor and a great laugh.
One morning Gary was headed out for a morning workout before class. As he left his wing and reached the girls' wing he couldn't help but glance down the hall. The first door on the right was the bathroom, and right as he looked Ashlyn stepped out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel that reached from her chest to just below her butt. She made a small "o" of surprise with her mouth, then smiled brightly when she recognized Gary.
"Are you headed to the gym?" Ashlyn asked.
"Uh... Yes, I am going to work out before my 9 am class," Gary finally spit out after pausing for too long.
Ashlyn smiled at his flustered state and stepped closer, saying, "I just came from there myself and had to shower before my 8 am class." After a short pause she suggested, "maybe we should work out together sometime."
Gary could smell a very pleasant fruity aroma wafting from her body or maybe her hair. He wanted nothing more than to be close enough to her body and hair to know her scents. He also wanted to know whether there really were any clothes under her towel. It was exhilarating to be talking to a beautiful girl who was almost naked only four feet from him. He knew that he was probably staring a little too obviously and should either say something or move on.
It was Ashlyn who spoke again after a moment. She said, "Well, I better get ready for class. I hope you have a good workout. By the way, whatever you do in your workouts, keep doing it."
As she finished this last comment, she reached up and patted his shoulders and arms appreciatively. She winked and spun on her heel.
Gary watched her walk down the hall toward her room. After a couple of steps she turned and waved to him, smiling. When she got to her door, she fumbled in her toiletry bag for her key and accidentally dropped the bag. As she picked it up, Gary learned the answer to one of his questions. She was not wearing any panties (or a very skimpy thong) under the towel. The towel was short enough that when she bent over, it rode halfway up her butt, showing bare cheeks. Gary felt a little guilty for looking but wished at the same time that her door was closer so he could get a better view.
Gary walked out of the hall as Ashlyn entered her dorm room. He hoped he would be able to concentrate on working out, or class, or breathing for that matter. He was pumped up, but he was thinking more of whacking off than working out. As he walked, he thought about the compliment she had given his physique and decided that he should work out for Ashlyn's benefit if nothing else.
When Ashlyn stepped into her room, she saw that her roommate, Mandy, was still asleep. Ashlyn let her towel fall to the floor as she stood in front of her closet. Standing there naked in front of her roommate gave her a little thrill, even if she was asleep. Ashlyn let one hand drift down between her legs, finding her already moistening slit. She knew she needed to pick out some clothes and get dressed to make it to class on time. Despite this knowledge, she reveled in her body while thinking of Gary and how she had given him a peek at her body. He probably thought dropping her bag was accidental, because she meant for it to look that way. She didn't want Gary to think she was a slut, but she was into a little bit of exhibitionism.
She could feel herself getting wetter as she fantasized about showing more of herself to Gary. She stroked her clitoris lightly but quickly as she could feel herself nearing orgasm. She heard Mandy shifting around in bed as she moaned softly and spasmed with a powerful orgasm.
As Mandy climbed out of bed, Ashlyn had already pulled on some lacy yellow panties and was hooking her bra. The two exchanged good mornings, and Mandy headed toward the bathroom.
Gary finished his workout and headed back to his room. He found that Matt, his roommate, had already left for class. Gary decided to take advantage of being alone and dropped his shorts. He continued to daydream about Ashlyn as he stroked his hardening shaft. He was in a bit of a rush, so he really got after it and orgasmed after only three or four minutes of stroking. He was picturing Ashlyn's perfect little booty exposed by the lifting of her towel. Even though he knew it was accidental, he imagined that she flashed him on purpose because she liked him.
When he looked up, he realized with embarrassment that his window blind was open. Since he lived on the ground floor, anyone walking by just got a show. He was embarrassed but also a little bit excited about the idea that people may have seen him.
After cleaning up, he headed to the shower himself and then off to class. All day he was distracted by daydreams of Ashlyn. After four classes, he wasn't sure he had learned anything at all that day.
That evening Gary saw Ashlyn at the dining hall with three other girls, only one of which he recognized. After getting some food on his tray, he stopped by to say hello.
"Gary! Pull up a chair and join us!" Ashlyn exclaimed. "Gary, this is my roommate, Mandy. You may have seen her around. This is Sabina, and this is Lacy. Sabina and Lacy are girls I met in my chemistry class. Please sit down," she said as she scooted over to make room.
They enjoyed a lively group conversation for about an hour. At that point, Sabina and Lacy, who seemed to be friends with each other more than with Mandy or Ashlyn, excused themselves, claiming that they needed to study. As the remaining three sat together, Gary couldn't help but notice that Ashlyn did not move over to take up any of the space the chemistry girls had vacated, instead staying quite close to him. Mandy sat across the table from them.
Mandy was a striking girl, if not exactly pretty. She had chestnut brown wavy hair that reached just past her shoulders. Her skin was pale and looked smooth and flawless. Her eyes were large and bright blue. Her nose was thin and slightly large. Her lips were a little thin, but she had dark pink lipstick to make them look larger. What Gary could see of her figure while she was sitting looked good. He could tell she had much larger breasts than Ashlyn, probably a D cup or maybe DD.
Mandy was fun to talk to, and I could tell she liked hanging out with Ashlyn. They were a fun pair, and Gary liked them both. There was something about Ashlyn that drew him in though. She was very pretty, which of course helps, but she was fun and intelligent as well. Gary really wanted to get to know this girl a little more. She seemed to like him too, so maybe there was a chance for him.
"You already know where I live, but here is my phone number, in case you want to text me sometime," Ashlyn said as they got up to leave. She handed Gary a slip of napkin with her number on it and smiled at him. "Oh yeah, we need to work out together sometime too."
"How about tomorrow afternoon?" Gary asked. "I will be done with class by 4:00."
Ashlyn agreed, and the three walked together toward their dorm. The two girls waved as they turned down the hallway to the girls' wing. Gary could see Mandy elbow Ashlyn playfully and both girls giggled as they walked away.
The next day Gary sailed through classes with great anticipation for his time with Ashlyn. Even though it was just working out, it seemed to him like a date. He wore a tight short-sleeved shirt that enhanced his hard, toned body and some shorts that some random gym girl had told him made his butt look good.
Gary met Ashlyn at her door and then stared as she walked out. She was wearing gray capri workout leggings that were very form fitting. Gary could see every slender curve of her legs all the way up to the bottom of her tight butt that was peeking out from underneath her shirt. The yellow shirt was also form fitting, showing off her flat stomach. To Gary she looked both sporty and sexy.
They walked together to the recreation center workout facility on campus. Ashlyn walked close beside Gary, and he couldn't help but inhale her sweet scent as they strode purposefully together.
When they reached the gym, they both worked hard and got a good sweat going. Even though Gary lifted a lot heavier weights than Ashlyn, he could tell that she was not new to weightlifting or cardio exercises. They spotted each other when they needed to, and this gave them a chance to talk a little more. Mostly they just enjoyed being together, feeling the endorphins from both exercise and pleasant companionship.
As Ashlyn got hot and sweaty, her clothes clung to her skin even more and her nipples started poking out a little bit. Gary had seen this happen to girls before when working out, but he had never understood it. He thought it was when girls got cold (or aroused) that they became hard. Whatever the reason, he appreciated the view. Gary had always been a little bit obsessed with nipples. He was into boobs like almost every other guy on the planet, but he especially liked nipples and areolas. He would rather see nipples poking through a shirt than cleavage from a low neckline.
Ashlyn's nipples did not disappoint. Not only were they making an appearance, but they looked great. Even though her breasts were not large, probably A cups, her nipples were quite large, probably as large around as Gary's little finger. As he looked (probably not too subtly), Gary felt like they grew harder until they were sticking through significantly. Ashlyn seemed slightly embarrassed but maybe excited as well as she noticed other guys in the gym staring at her chest.
With our workout finished, they started back toward the dorm. After walking only a few steps, Ashlyn turned to Gary and spoke.
"Do you want to race? Maybe the winner should get to pick a prize. I should ask if you're a fast runner, but I'm fast enough to be unafraid even if you are."
Gary smiled good naturedly and said, "Sure, I'll race, but I think we should decide on the prizes now, so we know what the stakes are. What will you give me if I win?"
"If you win, I will drop my towel completely next time instead of just my key," Ashlyn stated after just a short pause.
Gary's jaw may have dropped open a little bit, but Ashlyn just smiled mischievously at him. So she had dropped her key on purpose to give him a peek of her butt, Gary realized.
"Okay, if you win, I will walk naked from the shower to my room tonight, while you watch," Gary asserted. "Now the stakes are set, are you ready?... Hey, we didn't say go yet" Gary half shouted to Ashlyn's retreating form.
Gary ran quickly after her. He was a faster than average runner, but running was not really his strongest area. Ashlyn was pretty fast, and she got a solid head start. Gary was catching up, but there was only about one block to go. He turned up the speed even more, and caught up to her just as they reached the corner of their building. Gary passed her just before they reached the door. He touched the door and then turned to Ashlyn who gave him a playful punch on the arm.
"Well, you may as well just follow me and wait outside the bathroom door then, "Ashlyn said, though she didn't sound disappointed. If anything, she seemed a little excited about the prospect, and maybe a little nervous.
Gary did wait patiently at the end of the girls wing as instructed. He really hoped the RA would not find him and make him leave. After what seemed to him a long time, but was really only ten or twelve minutes, Ashlyn stepped from the communal bathroom. She smiled at Gary and then turned toward her room, three doors down from the bathroom.
Gary followed her from a distance and watched as she loosed her towel and let it slide slowly down her body. From behind, Gary could see more and more of her toned back as the towel slid down. Without even telling his legs to move, Gary found himself two doors down from the bathroom by the time Ashlyn made it to her door. By this time, she was holding the towel in one hand beside her after sliding it all the way down. Gary had a great view of her small, but well-curved butt, her firm legs, and her toned back.
Ashlyn turned sideways when she reached her door, so Gary saw her in profile. He could see the small curve of breasts above tight, flat abs. In profile, he could see a nipple sticking proudly out as well. She flashed him a quick smile before entering her room.
A second later she emerged half way again and turned to Gary. This gave him a fantastic view of her bare breasts. They were magnificent, especially her nipples. She was probably both cold and excited, but whatever the cause, her nipples were erect, sticking out close to an inch from the areolas. The areolas themselves were also quite large, probably the size of half dollars. Both the nipples and the areolas were a lovely dark pink color.
"Give me a minute to get dressed, will you?" Ashlyn asked.
"...Um, yeah... Sure... I'll wait," Gary stammered distractedly. "Actually, I was thinking that I only barely beat you in the race, and you've been such a good sport, maybe you should get your prize too. After you get dressed, you can wait outside the guys bathroom...if you want to, that is."
Ashlyn smiled and said, "I do want to. She slipped inside and closed the door. Gary could hear her and Mandy giggling inside as he slowly backed away toward his own room.
As he passed the first door in his hallway, the RA's room, he could see her inside dancing to some tune in her ear buds. She was swaying around and shaking her hips. Her door was wide open and was just one door down from the guys bathroom where Gary would be emerging naked in a few minutes. This might be a problem, but maybe if she likes what she sees, she will overlook his infraction he decided.
Thankfully Gary's roommate was not in, so he grabbed his shower things and headed for the bathroom. He was tempted to masturbate in the shower with visions of Ashlyn fresh in his mind, but decided this was not the time. He got thoroughly clean but did not dawdle. His penis was not erect, but slightly engorged as he anticipated his naked walk.
Gary opened the door enough to stick his head out to check for observers. Ashlyn was there, not at the end of the hall as he expected, but halfway down the guys wing, by his own door. She was not alone either, Mandy was with her. They were not going to be watching his backside as he had done with Ashlyn, but his front. The two girls waved and laughed, and since no one else was visible, Gary stepped out stark naked, holding a towel and his shower gear at his sides.
He tried to look nonchalant as he strolled casually down the hall, but he failed. Then he walked with an exaggerated strut. The girls laughed at his antics, but looked his body over with appreciation, maybe even hunger. As Gary reached his door, the two girls did not step aside right away, but lingered. Now they were looking at his face, which was admittedly bright red. He was confident about his body, but he was unaccustomed to being naked in public. He had to admit that it thrilled him in addition to embarrassing him.
Ashlyn smiled and pointed behind Gary. When he turned, there was a small crowd of girls at the end of the guys wing, watching. Right in the middle of them was the RA, who waved at Gary as he looked.
"I told Mandy, and she said some other girls in the wing might want to watch too," Ashlyn explained as she and Mandy stepped aside to let me in my room.
Gary stepped inside but didn't bother closing the door. As he had hoped, Ashlyn followed a moment later. Gary grabbed some clothes out of his closet, but before he could put anything on, she was standing right on front of him. She touched the hand that held the clothes and put her other hand on his bare chest. He looked at her face and then leaned in to kiss her. She eagerly kissed him back and brought her body close to his.
They continued to kiss, while Gary's hands began to roam over Ashlyn's body. He stroked her back and arms, feeling her firm, slender shape. She slid her smooth hands over his bare chest and back. As her hand slid down to his butt, he groaned softly. One of Gary's hands slid inside the back of her t-shirt, and she hummed into his mouth. He stroked the smooth skin of her back, lifting her shirt halfway up as he did so. After a couple of minutes, she reached down between them and removed her shirt.
Gary watched as she stripped off the shirt to reveal her flat stomach and a pink bra. He let his hands roam over her shoulders, neck, and up her sides, enjoying the supremely smooth skin. After a few minutes of this, he wanted more and reached for her bra clasp. She obviously had the same idea, because their hands met as she reached up behind and he reached around her. He could feel her smile as they kissed. She moved her hands and let him unclasp the bra, freeing her breasts.
Gary could feel his already hardening penis grow completely erect, pushing against Ashlyn's firm abdomen. He broke off the kiss for a moment so he could stare at her beautiful breasts. They were definitely not the largest breasts around, but they were lovely and perfectly fitting for her slim body.
Ashlyn let Gary look for as long as he wanted. Not that he really wanted to stop looking at them, but he did want to touch her boobs instead of just looking. He ran his hands up her sides very slowly and then stroked around the outline of her breasts, where her bra had just been moments earlier. She shivered at his touch, all the time watching his hands as he traced slow circles around her breasts and then on them, gradually inching closer to her hardening nipples. After a minute, he grazed the nipples with his fingers, causing Ashlyn to shiver again. At last, both whole hands came down on top of her, one covering each boob. She moaned softly and pushed her body closer to him. Then she resumed kissing him again.
Gary caught a glimpse of movement in his peripheral vision. When he looked, he saw that Mandy was now standing inside his room, watching them with great interest. She smiled and waved shyly when she noticed Gary looking at her. He could see more movement behind her as a couple more of the girls that had been watching him walk naked from the bathroom were making their way into the room. Behind them a couple of guys poked their heads in to see what all the fuss was about. Gary realized that Ashlyn had not shut the door either.
Up to this point Ashlyn had been too involved in what Gary was doing to notice any problem. Her back was to the door, so she couldn't see what Gary was looking at. Gary had continued fondling her breasts, but his kissing seemed distracted. After a little bit, she broke off and turned her head to see what was distracting him. What she saw was maybe 10 or 12 girls and guys crowded into the small dorm room, watching them silently. She saw Mandy among the crowd, and the RA was in there too.
She stiffened for a moment and made eye contact with Gary. She could see the desire in his eyes, and she felt his large erection against her stomach. His eyes also contained a question, like, "Do you want me to kick them out?" Ashlyn shrugged and went back to kissing Gary.
The crowd murmured their appreciation and a few more people crowded into the small room. Someone had the idea to open the blinds and let people waiting in the hall know that they could get a view from outside.
Gary was surprised that Ashlyn was not bothered by all of these people watching them making out, especially since she was half naked now. He had to admit that the crowd made him a little nervous, but excited as well.
Ashlyn was surprised that Gary was not bothered by the spectators. She was aware of her own tendency toward exhibitionism, but she hadn't expected Gary to be that way. She was admittedly rather excited about being with Gary, but especially with people watching.
Gary suddenly broke off their kiss and began kissing a trail down her neck and shoulders. He bent down to reach her chest and then kissed around the perimeter of each breast, following much the same path his fingers had traced earlier. Then his mouth kissed around an erect nipple until it popped inside his hot mouth.
Ashlyn groaned with pleasure as the spectators watched intently. She moaned and pulled his head firmly toward her, running her fingers through his hair. She was about to have an orgasm before he touched anything below the belt. She felt Gary's right hand caressing her other breast, while his left was rubbing up and down the smooth skin of her bare back. All of these sensations combined with the excitement of showing herself to others brought her to a powerful orgasm. Her body spasmed and shuddered as she cried out with pleasure.
After Ashlyn's shuddering stopped, Gary began kissing down her ribs and then her flat stomach. As he reached her waist, he placed both hands on the waistband of her leggings. He rested his hands there for a few seconds, with his thumbs hooked inside, and then began slowly pulling down on the waistband of her leggings. He did not intend to remove her panties yet, but the leggings were tight enough that they drug the panties down with them as they went. As her hot pink panties came down, more of her toned, smooth body was visible to Gary and their audience.
Gary continued to kiss farther and farther down her body as he stripped off the rest of her clothing. He lightly kissed down past her waist to her mound that was smooth except for a neat triangle of dark pubic hair. He kissed right into the edge of that triangle and then diverted down her left leg, teasing her by not going directly for her clitoris. He kissed all the way down to her knee and then slipped over to the right knee, where he began an upward trail of kisses. He once again skirted around her sex, staying just along the junction between her leg and pelvis.
Ashlyn grunted a complaint from his teasing and then grabbed Gary's head with both hands to force his mouth onto her clitoris. Once his mouth was around her sensitive nub, she sighed with relief and contentment. After only a couple minutes of this direct attack on her most sensitive region, she knew it would not be long until she had another orgasm. She squeezed her legs tight around Gary's head like a vice and pulled him close with the one hand she still had on his head. Some part of her brain thought that maybe she needed to be careful not to suffocate the poor guy, but the rest of her was just seeking pleasure.
She stiffened and cried out loudly as wave after wave of ecstasy crashed over her body for what seemed like minutes, though it was probably less than one minute. Gary was doing a good job for sure, but a large part of her arousal was in response to their audience. She definitely enjoyed having people watch her in this most intimate situation.
In a normal, private setting, Ashlyn might have needed a break or a cool-down period. With the added excitement provided by the presence of an audience, she was ready for more. She brought Gary back up on his feet and kissed him deeply. She could taste an unfamiliar taste on his lips that she supposed was the flavor of her own juices. The taste was new to her but not unpleasant, and she could tell the crowd approved by the murmurs and other noises they made.
Ashlyn recognized that she had been the recipient of all the pleasure, with two orgasms so far, while poor Gary was being neglected. She thought about reciprocating with fellatio, but she decided to go a different direction.
Gary had thoroughly enjoyed Ashlyn's body while giving her pleasure. He had to admit that he was ready for some attention to be given to his rock-hard erection. He decided to take the lead once again. Now that he was standing again, and they were both naked, he was trying to think about what position might work best for this situation.
Gary placed both hands on Ashlyn's hips and guided her toward his bed. Once there, she turned her back toward him and climbed up so that she was on her knees at the edge of the bed with her butt up in the air. Gary did not waste any time but stepped right up to the kneeling girl, placing his hands on her body while lining up his penis with her vagina.
Gary could never remember having a bigger, harder erection than he had at that moment. Ashlyn's lithe body was on display for him (as well as their audience), and he was so turned on by her. He eased his erection gradually inside her, feeling the tightness of her vaginal walls stretch around his manhood. The amazingly silky texture of her tight love tunnel almost sent him over the edge on the first long stroke in. He was able to hold it together somehow, and he began a slow rhythm in and out while standing behind Ashlyn's kneeling form. This gave him a fantastic view of her tight butt, and he could see his penis entering her, which was quite erotic.
Ashlyn had certainly enjoyed the feeling of Gary's mouth on her breasts and clitoris, but feeling his hard penis inside her was much better. His was using long, slow strokes where the head of his penis started at the rim and then smoothly pushed all the way inside her until it brushed her cervix. The languorous pace was giving her fantastic sensations, but now she was ready for more friction. She started thrusting her butt back toward Gary, meeting his forward thrusts with her backward ones, thereby increasing the tempo slightly.
Gary could tell that Ashlyn was ready for him to speed up, and that matched his own desire. He began gradually pumping a little faster and thrusting a little harder inside her dripping wet vagina. He could feel the semen rising from his balls as he neared orgasm. At the same time, he reached around Ashlyn's leg with his right hand to stroke her clitoris.
Ashlyn began to push harder back into Gary to meet his thrusts, and then she cried out as she once again reached her pleasure peak.
Gary felt her vaginal walls contract around his shaft as Ashlyn orgasmed, and he allowed his own pent-up release. Spurt after powerful spurt of hot semen shot deep inside Ashlyn as she and Gary groaned with pleasure. This orgasm was the longest Gary could remember ever experiencing. It seemed like close to a minute before the gradually weakening spurts of semen stopped entirely. Judging by Ashlyn's body language, her own orgasm was long-lasting as well.
Gary rested his body against hers as his penis began to soften slightly. Ashlyn laid down on her side on Gary's bed, and pulled him down behind her, spooning her much smaller body. In their passion, they had almost forgotten that there was a crowd watching them.
As they laid down, Gary noticed the crowd of onlookers. Several of them had coupled up with others in the crowd and were heavily making out. One girl was topless and there was a guy from down the hall sucking on her boobs. A guy from the room across from Gary's was getting a blow job from the RA. Gary could see guys with obvious bulges where erections strained at their pants. A couple of the girls, including Ashlyn's roommate, Mandy, had a hand inside their pants pleasuring themselves. It was incredible to Gary to think that he and Ashlyn had caused all of this arousal. It all started with a race and a little bit of nudity.
Ashlyn looked around at the crowd and then back at Gary. She smiled at him and then kissed him deeply. She could feel his penis jump and grow hard once again as her tongue darted inside his mouth.