CH.2 – TABOO
"Goddess of Sex?" I parroted back at the beauty standing before me. We were both completely naked and I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
I didn't believe in god's. But then again, I looked around me at the completely whitewashed barren environment and realised I had absolutely no explanation for what was happening. Or perhaps that was just a failure of my imagination. With everything that happened to me over the last few days, I had started to question everything I thought I knew.
Before me was a beautiful naked women with deeply tanned skin unbroken by tan lines. She glowed a golden hue and her beauty took my breath away, literally. She smelled faintly like exotic spices, her vibrant emerald green eyes reflected her power and her long dark blond hair flowed past her firm round ass.
"Yes John. I am Aphrodite. Although in your world I went by many names. Freyja, Rati, Qetesh, Bastet and many others."
I knew Aphrodite, that was Greek mythology. This beauty that was keeping me rock hard with her gleaming pussy and massive breasts was claiming to be a Greek god? She certainly gave the impression of power, but a Greek god?
"You're trying to tell me you're a Greek god?"
"Yes, and no. We inspired their ideas and beliefs, but they didn't know us very well. The truth is a little different. You could say the Greek gods are based on us."
I tried to process what she was saying but she continued speaking.
"We were human once. Living in a land we called Atlantia. I believe your Plato wrote about it once, not that he'd ever seen it, even then it was only a myth. We evolved a keen intellect far beyond other humans. And since we mostly kept to ourselves, speciation eventually occurred and we could no longer breed with humans. We discovered the scientific method far earlier than your species and advanced to a point where we started manipulating our own genetics. We became mostly immortal and so to control out population growth we made ourself infertile.
Unfortunately my brethren became jealous of each other. They began hording their power, killing each other for it. Only one of us can kill another, and so our population shrank through war with no way of increasing until the separation pact was made. I tried to reverse our infertility, but with everyone fighting each other my attempts were in vain."
Aphrodite looked like she was lost in her own thoughts, my attention drifted down to her firm, large breasts.
"... and so the handful of us left each went our separate ways, creating our own splinter realms. You've just come from mine." Her attention snapped back to me at this point, "The forces attempting to pull the realms back together keep events flowing in step with the alpha realm, I'm sure you've noticed the continued similarities between our realms."
"That's a lot to take in." I said once I realised she was waiting for my response.
"Yes, Well I've been watching you for the last 4 days, I felt it only fair you know a little about myself. But now the history lesson is over."
She paused and looked at me in a way that made me feel small and powerless, the effect enhanced by being on my knees.
"So I was in your world, eh, realm? Where am I now?" I asked. We stood in a completely white space, no ceiling or walls. All I could see beside myself and Aphrodite was pure white.
"This is... a simple way point I created to intercept you on your journey to yet another realm."
"Another realm?"
She completely ignored my question. "You're unique John. As unlikely as it is you have the beginnings of an ability to travel between realms. Perhaps given enough generations and some kind of selective pressure it could evolve into a stable, controllable ability. You don't know how lucky you are to have stumbled into my creation and not that of any of my brethren."
"Brethren?" I asked, my mind failing to keep up.
"Ares, Zeus, Athena, almost any of the others... worse of all, Hades." she replied. "Most likely they would have assumed you to be a spy and killed you on the spot, thinking another amongst us had broken the pact of non-interference. Unlike my brothers and sisters, I don't have a violent temperament so I studied you after your arrival and determined you were not a threat."
A lump caught in my throat. If I wasn't so lucky as to land in a sex world purely by chance I would have landed somewhere else and been killed for it.
She paused for a moment. Just as I was about to break the silence she continued. "I enjoyed your visit over the last few days John, and I know you did too. So I'm going to do you a favour. I will fix your current situation in your realm. It's technically a violation of the pact, but the others won't notice. If you like I can also alter your genetic sequence to stabilise this new ability and lock its coordinates to my realm and your own. You will then be able to travel back and forth at will without risk of arriving in some place you don't belong and getting yourself killed."
She paused and broke her eye contact with me, her gaze dropping down to my erect penis which twitched at the sudden acknowledgement of it's existence. I studied Aphrodite's breasts for a moment and marvelled. Was I really looking at the breasts of a goddess? She was certainly a powerful being of some description. When she spoke again I was drawn back to her eyes.
"Do you accept?"
I thought on it for a few moments. What did I have to lose? What other options did I have? Getting killed the next time I passed out and landed somewhere I shouldn't? "...Yes." I finally choked out.
"I'll send you back now. Enjoy my gift, use it however you wish. You will always be welcome in my realm. Now I'll accept your payment."
"Payment?" I asked.
"These things always require payment." she said. Her voice was calm and soothing.
Aphrodite raised her arm and touched the tip of her index finger to my forehead. Suddenly my balls ached. An intense pleasure ripped through my cock and almost immediately I began to cum. My cock erupted and semen flew through the air, splattering itself over Aphrodite's legs.
Her eyes closed and she arched her neck backwards in what appeared to be pleasure. I looked down and watched as a second spurt left my dick and struck her left leg. I continued to spew semen at the goddess for an incredible length of time. I must have shot at least 10 rounds. When my divine ejaculation was finally spent I just stared dumbfounded at her cum drenched legs.
I felt her finger leave my forehead and suddenly I was somewhere else. It took me a moment to get my bearings, then I found I was kneeling on the carpet in my apartment. I knew I was back in my own world, and sure enough a quick check of a photo on the wall revealed clothed subjects. It had been a long day so after checking everything was alright and the apartment was locked, I went directly to bed. I couldn't sleep of course, but eventually after what must have been hours I did succumb to my exhaustion and slept the rest of the night and part of the next day.
The next day I spent all my time trying to sort my life out. I found that all my bills had been payed while my friends and family all thought I had been on holiday. Nobody even had a clue that I had vanished from the Earth for 4 days. My bank account was no longer empty, but had enough balance that I could survive for quite a while. Aphrodite had been quite generous.
Once I finally had everything sorted out late that evening, I tried to go back to the other side, Aphrodite's realm. I had no idea how it worked, so I just closed my eyes and concentrated on being in unJohn's apartment. Nothing happened and I soon gave up. The next day was the same, I spent a good portion of the day trying to cross over with no success.
On Friday I felt something. It felt like I was being pulled, not in any external direction, but inward. Beyond that I still achieved nothing. I gave up to go to dinner at my parents place. It felt weird seeing Caitlin there, having seen her naked but knowing she had no idea. I felt a little uncomfortable, but overcame it quickly enough. We spent the evening watching a movie. Although Caitlin left to go out with her friends part way through the movie. She had changed into a blue tank top that showed off her cleavage and midriff, and a pair of tight jeans that really showed off her shapely ass. Her shoulder length brown hair framed her cute face in a way I hadn't noticed before, My cock hardened reflexively.
I arrived home at 10:30 that night. As I was about to get changed I decided to try and cross over one last time before calling it a night. I felt the pull immediately and struggled to maintain it. A minute or so must have passed as I stood in my bedroom focusing on unJohn's apartment and I became much more efficient at maintaining the pull with less conscious effort. Then all of a sudden, I crossed over.
It felt like when you wake up with a start and for a moment feel like you're falling. My body jumped and my stomach flew up into my throat for a second before everything was solid again and the pull was gone. I opened my eyes and found myself in my living room. The TV was on and when I turned to look at it a naked chick was on screen advertising some sun cream... or something. Not only had I jumped to the other side, I had moved location from the bedroom to the living room. I wasn't expecting that. Did this mean I could teleport as well?
Before I could contemplate it further I heard a noise from my bedroom over the noise from the TV. It was grunting. I snuck over to the open door and slowly looked in, trying to be quiet. Based on the sounds, my double in this universe was no doubt having sex so I couldn't give myself away. As I cleared the door I saw unJohn on his knees with his dick buried in some girls twat. She was on all fours as they fucked doggy style. I could see them clearly in the light from the TV that was coming through the door. Luckily they were facing away from me. I kept my head as close to the door frame as I could so I didn't block much light and grab their attention.
It was strange watching myself having sex from a 3rd person perspective, I couldn't tear myself away. I knew they probably wouldn't mind me watching but I doubted he had told her he had a twin living here, for all he knew I was never coming back.
UnJohn was squeezing the womans ass cheeks in his hands as he pumped his cock into her hot cunt. I couldn't see much of the penetration from my perspective. The woman started to buck and thrash around as my double pounded her from behind. This must have made it difficult for him to thrust and remain inside her as he popped out, prompting her to stop thrashing and look over her shoulder at him.
I recoiled back behind the wall as I saw her face, both so she couldn't see me and also from shock. It wasn't some random hottie he was banging. It was unCaitlin. My double was fucking his own sister. Our sister. What the fuck.
"Dammit, I'm not going to be able to cum if you keep pulling out." called unCaitlin's voice.
"Then stop moving so much, I can't stay in when you do that." unJohn replied.
I slowly backed up through the living room to the apartment door and quietly made my way outside where I took a deep breath and tried to calm myself. I didn't recall seeing or hearing anything about incest in this world. Was it as taboo here as back home, or was it just another practice here that was accepted as normal like everything else sex related? I needed to do some research.
It was pretty late but I wasn't going to be able to sleep after this. I needed access to the Internet in this world, but I couldn't think of how at this time of night, everything was closed and unJohn's computer was in his bedroom. I pulled my phone out of my pocket automatically, before realising I wasn't signed up to a supplier on this side.
Then I considered unJohn's wifi in his apartment, I should be able to access it from here. I just hoped his password was the same as the one I used. I soon found that it was. I connected successfully to my doubles network and opened up the browser on my phone. I typed "incest" into Google, sitting on the pavement freezing my ass off as it loaded. The first result was the Wikipedia entry, I followed the link and began reading.
'Incest is sexual intercourse between close relatives that has been controversial in many countries of the world. In the western world and most of the east incest is legal and usually not strictly taboo, although it is sometimes frowned upon. In most of the middle east and surrounding regions incest is either illegal or socially taboo. The type of sexual activity and the nature of the relationship between people that constitutes a breach of law or social taboo in these regions of the world vary with culture and jurisdiction. Some societies consider it to include only those who live in the same household, or who belong to the same clan or lineage; other societies consider it to include "blood relatives"; other societies further include those related by adoption or marriage.'
The page then continues to give some stats taken from public surveys.
'In the US, leading researchers reveal that 1 in 3 people have had sexual intercourse with a sibling or extended family member at some point in their lives, 1 in 4 have had sex with a parent, 1 in 10 are secretly incestuous on a regular or semi regular basis and 1 in 30 are openly incestuous on a regular basis.'
Perhaps unJohn was one of these people doing it in the closet, or maybe this was a once off.
'Other regions of the world tend to follow the same trend, except for a few European countries such as Germany and Sweden where incest is much more prevalent with almost everyone having had intercourse with a family member at least once, and the Middle East where it is much less prevalent. Interestingly many tribal cultures in remote areas of the world embrace incest the most. There is a tribe in New Guinea where men have sexual intercourse with their daughters when they come of age in order to teach her the ways of sex before she can marry. Virginity in such cultures is seen as lowering a womans value.'
This was bizarre. I decided I should go home if I could, I had been excited to show unJohn that I had returned but I was too anxious now to speak to him. I closed my eyes and tried to return home. The pull came faster this time, then in only a few seconds I jumped and found myself back in my own bedroom. It was now 11pm so I went straight to bed but the image of my cock impaling my sister was burned into my brain and I couldn't sleep.
After a few hours of sleeplessness and trying to not think about fucking Caitlin I finally gave in. I got out of bed and masturbated while thinking about my sister impaled on my dick. I shot my wad into some tissues and cleaned up before going back to bed. Now that my turbulent mind had settled and my urges had been satisfied to a small extent, I finally fell asleep.
I got out of bed at 7am, unable to go back to sleep once I woke, despite the late night. I had a quick breakfast and started practising my jumping. I needed to learn my limits, and to hone my skills. I tried to jump from one room to another, without crossing to the other side. I had no idea if I could do it, but then I did. I teleported to my bathroom, then back again. Every time I jumped I became faster at it and soon I was jumping on a whim with my eyes open. I didn't feel the pull or the sudden jerk anymore, there was no time. Visually it was very disorienting, and at one point I had to stop or risk throwing up. One moment I was looking at my living room, then instantly I was staring at myself in the bathroom mirror. There was no intermediary.
I began experimenting with objects. It hadn't escaped my notice that my clothes jumped with me, so I tried carrying different objects. This worked also, so I ramped up the difficulty to carrying heavier items. Weight didn't seem to matter, but if I couldn't lift it would I be able to jump it? I tried jumping my bed into the lounge just by resting my hand on it. It didn't come with me. I tried over and over again with no success. Just as I was about to give up, my bed was in the living room. It had worked. I jumped it back and forwards a few times. I discovered I had to visualise both myself and the object when I jumped, as well as the destination. It took more concentration, but I became consistent at performing the task. I tried to do it without the physical contact, perhaps the visualising was enough. But it didn't work, I jumped alone.
I tried many different things, including jumping inside another object. I was scared at first, would I be injured? I tried jumping just close enough to a wall for a book I was holding to occupy the same space as the wall. I couldn't jump at all, that was a relief, I'd never have to fear landing inside something.
I looked at the time and enough had passed that unJohn would be at work by now, he often worked Saturdays like I used to and I knew this was one of those long weeks for him. I went to my bedroom and jumped to unJohn's bedroom, without moving my position. It was almost like nothing had happened, suddenly my bed was made while it had previously been messy. There were also some things on my desk that suddenly shifted position or disappeared, like in an old episode of Bewitched when someone disappeared and everyone else in the scene moves a little bit. Excellent.
I setup my smart phone on my bookshelf in the lounge and set it to record video. I hit record and jumped a few times in front of it. When I played the video back I was stunned. It truly was instantaneous. I would be in one place then in the very next frame I'd be somewhere else. Perhaps a high speed camera could shed some more light on the issue, not that I had one of those.
I then tried to jump directly from unJohn's lounge to a remote area just down the street from my place. It didn't work. Perhaps I couldn't visualise it well enough. I tried to think of somewhere secluded that I could remember well and the best suitable location I could think of was the toilets where I had been made fun of for wearing jeans. I don't think I'd ever been there in my world, but I could remember the layout of it from Aphrodite's realm perfectly. I tried to jump there in my world, but nothing happened. Then I tried to jump there on the other side and immediately I was there. There was a couple fucking on the bench again. They hadn't seen me, so I quickly tried to jump back to my world, without moving my position. Instantly the people vanished and the tiles on the floor seemed to get dirtier, interesting. It seemed I could only teleport somewhere I could remember adequately, but I could cross over from one world to the other without moving regardless of whether I had been there or not.
I left the bathroom and walked around the mall, taking notice of all the differences between this world and the other. In place of the sex stations in the central walkway was potted plants and regular benches, leaving a lot more space for foot traffic. I went to Borders and McDonalds reminiscing about the strangeness I had experienced here a few days before, no evidence of the sexualised menus remained. I felt a feeling of calmness like all my troubles were over. Back then I had been anxious and didn't know if I'd ever get home. Now I knew I could jump back and forward at will. I was excited to go back there, my junk twitched in my underwear at the thought.
I walked to the closest bathroom and immediately jumped home. I was about to start removing my shirt so I could jump to the other side when I had an idea. I imagined myself completely naked while jumping to the mall bathroom on the other side. I appeared in the bathroom and the first thing I noticed was the cold of the tiles touching my feet. I was stark naked. The people fucking on the bench were gone. I jumped straight back home and found my clothes piled on the ground as if they'd just fallen straight down as I disappeared. Too bad I wouldn't be able to get re-dressed with such ease.
I jumped back to the mall bathroom on the other side and walked out, my exposed dick growing just from the anticipation. I was once more greeted with the most glorious site of people of all types fucking and sucking all over the place. It seemed busier than the last time I was here. I found a hot blond with ponytails sitting on a bench looking at her phone while a couple fucked doggy style on the sex station behind her. She had very pointy tits that rested on her forearms as she held her phone in her lap. I approached her and suddenly my stomach exploded with butterflies.
"Excuse me?" I asked, getting her attention.
"Yes?" she said, looking up at me.
"Just wondering if you'd be interested in a quick drilling?" I asked, feeling like some porn star and really getting into the roll as I grabbed my exposed cock and stroked it right in front of her. I felt so silly, my usually pale face must have gone bright red.
"Well I'm waiting for my boyfriend, but I could spare a few minutes if you want to make it quick." I was about to walk away when she mentioned her boyfriend. Then her nonchalant acceptance of my proposition despite said boyfriend really threw me.
She put her phone down on the bench and stood up, that's when I realised how tall she was. She was about my height, 6 feet, a height I wasn't accustomed to seeing in women but that I found extremely sexy. Without any further ado, she turned around and bent over the bench, crossing her arms on the backrest and resting her chin on them. Her ass was round and spectacular, and due to her long legs, her completely bald pussy was right at cock height. I moved forward and lined up my dick before plunging it into her depths.
"Look Ma, no hands." I joked to myself. The stranger I was banging didn't respond and I didn't blame her, it was such a corny line. I could feel myself turning bright red yet again.
I slowly sawed my dick in and out of her twat, letting her juices lubricate my shaft. Once I was nice and lubed I started to speed up my thrusts and took rough hold of her thighs as she started moaning.
Her phone rang and she reached over for it while I pounded into her. "Don't stop." she said as she answered it.
"Hey Babe." she said into the phone, "Yeah, I'm outside the Sunglass hut. See you in a minute."
"Boyfriend?" I asked as she hung up. Something about the taboo of the situation turned me on something fierce.
"Yeah, he's nearby. Think you'll be much longer? I don't want you to think I'm just in it for the cum, but well yeah, I kind of am since I'm in a hurry. No hard feelings."
I didn't answer her, instead I blasted my cum into her cunt in response. The insanity of the situation, fucking a stranger in public, in full view of many other strangers while she spoke to her boyfriend on the phone tipped me over the edge.
"Ohh!" she said, laughing. "Never mind."
I dumped my entire load into her pussy and held on tight as all my muscles contracted in orgasm. Right at that moment a huge bearded man showed up right next to us. His muscles were like balloons under his skin, his chest was covered in hair and his cock was enormous and flaccidly swung between his muscular legs like an elephant trunk.
"Ready hun?" he asked the tall pony tailed blonde girl I was busy shooting my cum into.
"Yeah, just let me scoop out this guys semen."
I slowly pulled out of her as I came down from my high. The woman turned around and sat back on the bench. She slouched back and lifted one leg over her head like a gymnast before digging two fingers into her shaved snatch and scooping out wads of cum and lifting it straight to her mouth.
"Hey man." I said, holding out my hand out to shake his and feeling awkward standing there with her tank of a boyfriend watching her eat my cum. I had to break the tension somehow. I was a little terrified that he was going to knock my lights out, but I knew that in this world I should be fine, I would have known by now if he disproved of strangers fucking his girlfriend.
He looked at me for a moment before finally taking my hand and shaking it.
"Hey." he said in his deep gravelly voice, "Big load there. Hope it keeps her happy until dinner."
"Ahh, me too." I said, lost for words.
Ponytail girl had finished sucking down my man sauce and stood back up.
"Thanks for the fuck, see you around sometime." she said, smacking me on the ass as she did. Then the two of them walked off together.
After watching the couple walk off, I made my way back to unJohn's apartment. Time to let them know I was back.
My double was still at work. I was exhausted so I collapsed on his couch. I looked at the large clock on the wall and realised that unCaitlin would probably be arriving soon after her netball practice. I remembered her telling me she often stopped by and had dinner with unJohn on Saturdays, she was definitely a little closer with him than I was with my Caitlin.
I switched on the TV while I waited for un-Caitlin to arrive. An old episode of Bewitched was playing. It was an episode I had actually seen before, although in this version Samantha had her knockers out and gave Darren a blowjob near the end. She also made her nipples do a little twirl to use her magic rather than twitching her nose.
At 5 minutes past 4 the door opened and un-Caitlin walked in, dropping her gym bag on the bench. It was at that moment that I decided to see if she could tell who I was without telling her. I was suddenly very self conscious to not look at her swaying tits as she moved so as to not give it away. It was very hard after what I'd seen the night before.
"You're home early. I Thought you were working today?" she said.
"Left early." I said, "Had a dentist appointment that I forgot about."
"Ahh, how'd it go?"
"What? ... Oh the dentist was fine." she seemed to accept this response and didn't ask for any more details.
"What're you watching? Must be pretty special." she said.
"What? Why?" I asked, confused.
She pointed at my dick, I realised that despite my ejaculation not long before it was once again sticking straight up as hard as a rock. Damn her swaying tits. My eyes involuntarily brushed across her pussy lips as I responded, adding to the blood already engorging my penis.
"Ahh yeah, I was just thinking about last night and I guess this is the result." I said as I grabbed my cock firmly in my right hand.
"Glad you enjoyed it, maybe I won't have to work so hard to talk you into it next time." Interesting, I thought. Was un-John a reluctant participant in their incest?
I ignored it and moved on, "So how was your day?" I asked.
"Fine I guess, pretty standard." she said, "We lost, but I had my pussy licked by some girl on the other team afterwords so it wasn't so bad. Coach Jensen glazed my orange for me at halftime." she spoke as if it was all standard fare and I nodded along as if I was used to hearing it. I didn't know she had any lesbian tendencies.
"...I know you you don't want to talk about it," she continued suddenly changing tone, "but I'm sorry about yelling last night."
"Yelling?" I said in confusion, then realising I just gave myself away.
She didn't pick up on my slip up. "And guilting you into fucking me." She continued, "I know you're not into it and I should have just left it alone. I just haven't been able to get the idea out of my head since your double was here. I understand now why Stacy at school doesn't stop talking about her twin brothers. I couldn't stop fantasising about the two of you double teaming me. But he's gone now so I should learn to just accept it and move on."
I was stunned and almost choked on my own tongue as Caitlin spoke, I couldn't believe the words that were coming out of her mouth. I had to remind myself this wasn't my own sweet innocent sister. This was her sex crazed porn twin.
"That'd be awesome!" I said, my confidence in myself at an all time high as my cock twitched at her filthy language.
"What?" she said, it was her turn to be confused.
The jig was up. "Guess what?" I said, then before she could respond I jumped to the bedroom.
I was out of sight, but I heard Caitlin shout out in surprise at my disappearance, then I heard a loud thump. I jumped back into the lounge, standing in front of the bookshelf. Caitlin was hopping around on one foot. It seems she'd spun or something in her surprise and smacked her toes into a chair.
She recoiled backward and almost fell over as she saw me reappear, reaching for the kitchen bench to support herself.
"Holy shit!" she exclaimed. I could almost see the cogs turning in her head. "You're him right? You're back?"
"Yep." I confirmed, "And I can control it now, I can come and go at will."
My sisters jaw was slightly agape as she moved to sit down on the couch. I joined her.
"Tell me everything! What happened? We assumed you'd gone home, but I was a little concerned you were dead or something. You just vanished from the car that night."
I told her everything, starting with my ability to jump across realms. Then I told her about the white world and the goddess. When I mentioned that, Caitlin reacted strangely.
"Aphrodite?" she asked, sitting up straight as if to pay closer attention, my sister's boobs jiggling seductively at the sudden movement. "Holy crap, the Aphrodisiacs are right."
"The what?" I asked.
"Aphrodisiac's. Wait, do you not have them?"
"Well, we have Aphrodisiacs, but I don't think we're talking about the same thing. They're substances that supposedly increase sexual desire."
"Oh, we don't have those." Caitlin confirmed. "Don't need them I guess. I'm talking about the followers of Aphrodisia. The religion, they believe in Aphrodite, the goddess that created us."
"And we don't have those." I confirmed.
"What's the dominant religion in your world?" she asked, clearly fascinated.
"Christianity. I think, certainly around here." I told her.
"Neither of those are dominant here, although they certainly exist." she said.
"So you aren't an Aphrodisiac?" I asked. I knew my Caitlin wasn't religious, but this seemed like one of the more major differences between our realms.
"Well I am now I suppose! But no, I wasn't and I doubt I'll start going to temple 3 times a week or whatever they do."
We continued talking about Aphrodite and my ability while watching TV. Bewitched was well and truly over now, replaced instead by a game show that didn't exist in our world called "Celebrity Pussy". Each episode they would have 3 male contestants and a celebrity who's identity was kept secret. The men would have to guess the celebrities identity. They take it in turns licking and fucking her pussy, then asking her questions that had to follow certain rules that I didn't understand. The winner won a whole bunch of prizes like cash, but also the opportunity to come back at the end of the week and fuck the celebrity of their choice out of that entire weeks line up. Caitlin told me that Fridays episode was an hour special with the champions of that week fucking the five celebrities that were featured that week. There was also apparently a "Celebrity Cock" version of the show where female contestants sucked and fucked male celebrities.
This episode featured Jessica Alba. The episode was almost over when I heard a car pulling up out front of the apartment. A tall red headed man with a long thin penis was nailing Alba's pussy at the time while she leaned over a table and was hidden behind a curtain that fell just above her ass. The audience could see her identity, but not the contestants. The show fascinated me.
"John's home." I told Caitlin, in case she hadn't heard his car.
"Yeah, and I have an idea." she said, then she winked at me as she dropped off the couch and lowered herself into my lap.
My heart kicked in high gear as my sister lowered her lips over my erect member. Her saliva lubricated my shaft as it slid smoothly along her tongue and down her throat. She only stopped when her nose butted against my pubic bone and my balls were wedged against her chin. My entire length was embedded in my sister's throat and I threw my head back in ecstasy. Holy shit, I couldn't believe this was happening.
Caitlin's hands snaked around me and gripped my ass tightly as she held her deep throat position for a monstrous amount of time. Just as I though she was going to pass out she released my cock and pulled her head back, saliva and pre-cum spurting out of her mouth and splattering on my stomach and crotch. She looked up into my eyes as I marvelled at her skill and I could see her eyes were watering, making her mascara run down her face. Yet she had the largest smile on her face that I had ever seen.
My sister pushed her face back onto my dick right as I heard the lock on the front door turn and I held by breath as it opened, Caitlin bobbing away on my cock with vigour. un-John stood in the doorway and froze as he saw himself getting a blow job from his sister.
"You're back!" un-John practically yelled as he slammed the door behind him and dropped his keys right where he stood before rushing over and sitting on the couch next to us, his flaccid cock slapping his legs as he witnessed the sex act before him. He must be quite desensitised to this kind of thing by now.
Caitlin stopped sucking me off for a moment to welcome her brother home before going back to blowing her other brother.
"So what happened?" he asked with bated breath, running his hand through his hair just like I did when I was anxious. "You're obviously a lot more open now, and I see Caitlin's lust got the better of her as soon as you arrived."
I explained everything to my double in between gasping for breath as Caitlin sucked it out of my cock. He reacted the same way as Caitlin to my encounter with Aphrodite.
"No way. The goddess is real? I need to meet her someday!"
Once I'd gotten across all the info I could recall I collapsed back into the couch to enjoy the ride Caitlin was taking me on as it reached it's peak.
"I'm going to cum." I warned my sister as my orgasm rushed up from my balls to meet me. She didn't react, she didn't even slow down as she drew her face along my shaft, applying pressure to the underside with her tongue before slamming herself back down and repeating the process. I noticed the frothing saliva and cock juice built up around the base of my knob and smeared all over her face right before I exploded.
I sent wave upon wave of man juice down my sisters gullet. She didn't even miss a beat as she swallowed every last drop.
Before I knew it, I was completely spent and my entire load coated my sister's throat or rested in her belly.
"Ohh yeah, delicious!" she said as she smacked her lips together then ran her tongue around the perimeter gathering all the excess pre-cum/saliva mixture that she had worked into a bubbly froth.
"I heard you aren't really into the incest thing?" I asked un-John.
"No, not really. It just doesn't do it for me somehow. But you can go to town. I assume you are aware that it's fairly accepted here? Caitlin's become all horny for me since you left, so you'd be doing me a favour."
"Yeah, I was actually here last night, I saw you fucking Caitlin. Didn't realise it was the first time though." I told them.
"You didn't mention that!" said Caitlin. "What else have you been hiding? How long have you been spying on us?"
"Just that one time, I swear. I was so surprised by what I saw I didn't want to disturb you, so I went back outside and looked up incest on the web. That's when I discovered it was accepted here. I've been thinking about it ever since, fantasising about what you just did."
"Oh!" said Caitlin as she pretended to fix up her hair and pushed her boobs out into the air trying to be sexy. "I'm happy to oblige."
The atmosphere mellowed after that. My sex drive was curbed for the time being, and while Caitlin wanted nothing more than a hard cock in her pussy I was too fucked out to help her and un-John wasn't feeling it. So she settled with the next best thing. I got between her legs and slid my tongue into her hot slit.
I leisurely ate my sisters cunt while we watched TV. I hadn't noticed while I has getting sucked off but we were now in the middle of "Celebrity Cock" and some short stocky woman was sucking Justin Timberlake's cock through a glory hole to maintain his secret identity.
I flicked and played with my sisters clit with my tongue, making her squirm in her seat. Then she placed her hand on my head, running her fingers through my hair while she started humping my face. I buried my tongue as deep into her pussy as I could as she pulled my face harder into her crotch and arched her back. Her orgasm was quickly approaching.
"Oh, fuck yeah!" she cried. Her dam broke and her pelvis jerked uncontrollably against my face as she coated me in her thick juices. My head hurt as her tensing fingers pulled on my hair. She rode the orgasm my tongue had given her for a minute or so before finally releasing me from between her legs.
I lay back on the carpet panting for air, my face glistening with pussy juice in the light of the TV.
Soon it was time for Caitlin to leave as she wasn't staying for dinner after all. Mum and Dad were apparently expecting her home as they were going out for dinner. As she was saying goodbye something occurred to me.
"Hey, I might be able to give you a lift." I said.
"What do you mean?" they both asked. I told them how I could teleport as well as jump between realms, and that I could also take items with me, even large ones.
"I don't see why I couldn't also take a person." I said.
Caitlin's eyes lit up with excitement, as did un-John's.
"Well if you don't mind." she said. "It would save me a walk home."
"Could I come too? You could bring me back here again after right?" asked John.
I told them I didn't know how much I could take with me, or even if I could take one person, but that I'd give it a try. Caitlin slung her bag over her shoulder and I held both their arms before trying to jump to our parents house while visualising the three off us going. Nothing happened.
I kept trying and began to get frustrated.
"Damn." I said. "It won't work." They both sighed, then I remembered something and jumped.
We landed in Caitlin's bathroom at Mum and Dad's place, but in my realm. Then I jumped again before I could even get my bearings and we were back on the other side.
Un-John and un-Caitlin both almost fell over as we arrived.
"What the hell just happened?" asked Caitlin.
I explained to them how I couldn't go somewhere I hadn't been before, and I'd never been here in their realm. So I had to detour via my own realm first. I told them I planned to go straight to Caitlin's bedroom but I thought the chance of my own Caitlin being in hers was high so I had to use the bathroom instead. The three of us appearing in front of my Caitlin would be hard enough to explain if we had clothes on, but nude like this? Forget about it.
"Is that you Caitlin? I didn't hear you come home." It was our Mother's voice. Footsteps were heading towards the door. Time to go.
I kissed my sister on the cheek, gave her left tit a quick squeeze then touched un-John's shoulder and jumped directly back to his apartment. We then collapsed back onto the couch before ordering a pizza.
I discussed many things with my double and our relationship grew in a way it hadn't been able to the last time I was here, due to my sexual repression and confusion/anxiety about how I got there. Now that I knew exactly how things were, I was free to be myself. It was like meeting my best friend without knowing he even existed. We joked and messed around late into the night before he finally insisted he needed to get to sleep as hadn't been sleeping well.
I jumped back home and went straight to bed, I was pretty exhausted myself. I didn't usually sleep nude, but I was so comfortable not wearing any clothes now that the thought of putting some on actually felt wrong somehow.
The next morning I actually slept in until 9:30am. This was quite late for me. My first thought was that I should look for a job. While I ate some cereal for breakfast I started thinking if there was a way I could use my new gift to make money. Take my friends on trips to the other side or something. No that was thinking way too small, perhaps I could start a courier business.
I spent the day brainstorming ideas on the computer. How could I use my ability to make money without revealing it to anyone. It was going to be tricky. I also decided I'd need a partner, someone with expertise in business. I gave my friend Caleb a call, he was a business major that I thought might be interested. We hadn't seen each other in 6 months or more, but I told him I had a business proposal for him and he agreed to meet and chat about it over dinner the next night.
I spent the remainder of the day trying to come up with company names and ideas. Nothing really stood out and the next thing I knew it was 8pm.
I jumped to unJohn's apartment and found him on the phone.
"Caught me, I was just about to order some Chinese."
I told him what I'd been doing all day and he loved the idea. He had some name ideas also, but I didn't think they were any better than my own. We ordered Chinese food together and ended up playing video games for a few hours.
At 11pm I said goodnight to unJohn and went home.
On Monday I got up at 9am. The trouble with not having a reason to get up early is that my sleep cycle always seemed to slip backwards. Then I'd be annoyed that the day would feel shorter.
I had breakfast then grabbed my keys and wallet and walked out the door, I needed the exercise with all the jumping I was doing opposed to walking. As I walked I realised I'd have to buy one of those bags that everyone has on the other side for carrying their stuff. It wasn't until I was two houses down the street that I realised I was naked and in my own world. I panicked and jumped back home almost on instinct. I hadn't seen anyone, so hopefully I hadn't been seen. I quickly got dressed and went for take two.
I walked to the small local mall, there was a phone store there. My clothes felt strange, heavier that I remember. I'd been naked for so long that I guess my skin didn't like not being able to breath. When I arrived at my destination I asked the sales woman about a smart phone with dual phone lines, so I could use two SIM cards at once. They only had a couple of models that could do that. I chose the phone with the clearest screen and bought it. The price tag was hefty, making the need for a new job weigh on my mind.
I left the store and removed the SIM from my old phone and placing it in the new one. I booted it up and made a test call to Chad, a good friend of mine. I hadn't been very social lately, I told him I had been busy and suggested we catch up within a couple of days. Then I found a nice secluded place and jumped home. I held my wallet and new phone before jumping again to the bathroom at the large mall on the other side, sans clothes. My skin could finally breath as I walked out of the bathroom and headed to a clothing store. I needed something to carry my phone and money in.
I found a place called "Nudity+" It was a very small store. There was a small range of warm tops, sweaters and the like that seemed pretty normal. Then there were the shirts, t-shirts and such that were all crazy designs with lots of skin showing. All of the women's shirts had the chest area covered in transparent mesh, strips of cloth that criss crossed the breasts or just completely exposed. Pants and shorts also existed, but every single one was crotchless. Some were just a pair of pant legs held up by thin straps. Then I found the bags. There was a big range of satchels that hung over your back with a strap that goes under one arm and over the opposite shoulder. I picked out a simple black one.
I then headed to the Telstra shop. They were a phone supplier known for the best reception, although a bit pricey. A pale man with a small penis that only wore a collar with a name tag on it asked if I needed some help but I told him I was just browsing. I wanted to speak to the hot saleswoman that was speaking with another customer. She was of African decent with very dark chocolaty skin and black hair pulled up in a bun. She smelled subtly of peaches and like her male counterpart she also only wore a collar with her name, Analise, on it. Her breasts were perhaps the largest I'd seen in this realm and it was now quite clear that there was definitely some physiological differences to the breasts in this world. These huge jugs clearly appeared to defy gravity and stood at attention like they were supported with invisible scaffolding. Her dark nipples were big enough to poke out an eye and her pussy was covered in dark neatly trimmed hair.
When she was finished with her customer I went over and asked for some help. I told her I wanted a pre-paid SIM card with a new number. Five minutes later I was walking out with it. I complimented her on her huge rack before I left.
It was time to test my new phone set up, I just hoped a SIM card from this side would work in a phone from mine. I inserted it into my phone and booted it up. Everything seemed to work, my pre-existing card had no reception as expected, but the new one did. I called unCaitlin using my Caitlin's number, hoping it was the same in this world.
"Hello." came Caitlin's voice as she answered.
"Hey, guess who?"
"Hey John, you get a new number?"
"Yes, now I can use it in both realms."
"Oh, hey sexually repressed bro!" she said, figuring out which of her brothers I was.
I told her about my new phone set up and that she should be able to call me on this number whenever I'm in this realm. If I wasn't here she could leave a voice mail that I'd get as soon as I returned.
"So, I'm not just testing my new phone. I also wanted to say I really enjoyed that blow job you gave me last night sis. Perhaps we could do it again?"
"Absolutely!" she said, sounding extremely enthusiastic. "Or perhaps you could just fuck my pussy? It's dying for my brothers thick cock."
My heart skipped a beat. "That... sounds good to me." I said, trying not to be hesitant.
"Ok, well it's nearly lunchtime. I can't leave the school grounds without risk of getting caught, but perhaps you could meet me at the back of the football field, behind those trees?" I knew the place, I'd gone to the same school.
"Ok, deal."
"Can you be there in five minutes? You can teleport, so that shouldn't be a problem right?"
"I'll have to go via my school, since I've never been to yours but yeah, that'll work. See you in five."
We hung up. I found a secluded area at the mall and tried to picture the back of the football field at my school before jumping. Nothing happened. I tried picturing the wooded area behind the school between the road and the back fence. I used to hang out there everyday after school. Suddenly I was there stand between two thick bushy trees right next to the road. I realised I was once again nude in my world, I'd be in some deep shit if I was caught. I quickly jumped to the other side as fast as I could and decided I'd need some kind of face mask for when I was jumping around like that, especially while naked in my own realm. If I was seen I could quickly jump away, but if someone saw my face I could be tracked down.
I was now standing amongst a group of trees a hundred or so metres from the back of the school. I couldn't see anyone through the thick brush. I walked toward the school and reached a chain link fence with a few trees on the other side and then the football field.
I jumped forward a couple of metres to get past the fence, then leaned against it and pulled out my new phone to play around with as I waited for unCaitlin to arrive.
A few minutes later I saw a nude body emerge through the foliage, followed by another nude body. The first was Caitlin, the second was a ginger headed girl with a stunning body. Tanned skin, fiery red wavy hair that reached the middle of her back, wide hips with a perfect tight round booty, a completely shaved pussy and tits the size of small watermelons, bigger than my sisters and with stubby pink nipples and small areola.
"Hey." I said as Caitlin gave me a hug, my already hard cock stabbing her in the stomach and leaving a trail of pre-cum. "Who's this?" I asked.
"This is Stacy. Stacy I'd like to introduce my brother to you."
"We've met." said Stacy. She held her hand out anyway and I shook it.
"No, this is the one from the other universe." said Caitlin. Crap, she told her? "I hope that's ok John, I was dying to tell someone, I swore her to secrecy and she doesn't believe me anyway."
"Dammit Caitlin, you can't just go around telling everyone. Promise me you won't tell anyone else?"
"Ok fine." she said, looking down at the ground with guilt.
Stacy was looking at us like we were crazy.
"It's true." I said. "As crazy as it sounds. But don't worry about that, you'll have proof soon enough. I assume you know why I'm here?"
"I believe Caitlin is going to fuck your brains out." said Stacy.
"Stacy and I talk about how she fucks her brothers all the time. It's so erotic. I thought it might enhance the experience if she is watching. Is that ok?"
"I don't see why not." I said as I pulled Caitlin towards me and mmy heart skipped another beat. I turned her around and pressed her towards the chain link fence. She interlocked her fingers in the wire and pushed her ass out towards me as her tits pressed into the fence.
I'd waited long enough, I lined up my rock hard cock with my sister's pussy. It was dripping with her juices. She must have been extremely turned on. I pushed forward and savoured the moment as my bulging purple head split open my sister and slipped into her hot pussy lips. I slowly pushed until bottoming out in my sisters cunt.
"Oh yes, you feel so nice. That slight curve of yours rubs my insides in a way my John's never did." I just slapped her ass in response and she squealed.
I shuffled my feet a bit to redistribute my weight and lower my crotch closer to pussy level so I could push as much of my dick into my sister as possible. I had almost forgotten about Stacy's presence, until I felt a tongue on my balls. Stacy had slid between my legs after I opened them wider and was now beginning to lick her way from the back of my nut sack all the way over Caitlin's clitoris.
I held my head back with my eyes closed and relished in the sensations. I started to withdraw my shaft and Stacy drew her tongue along it, stripping it of the pussy juice as it slid out of her friend. When the very tip of my cock brushed Caitlin's lips I took a deep breath and enjoyed the slightly chilled air, the smell of freshly cut grass on the football field, and that sensation of being watched as Stacy was apparently going to town on Caitlin's clit, making her cry out in pleasure.
I opened my eyes. Aphrodite was standing in the clearing on the other side of the fence that my sister's tits were pressed against, not 10 feet from us. She leaned against a tree with her right hand rubbing furiously at her pussy, her skin casting a soft golden glow on the environment around her. I was startled by her appearance but maintained my composure, suddenly overcome with lust.
I gripped my sisters hips and slammed my cock shaft back into her, my balls slapping into Stacy's chin. I thrust rapidly in and out of Caitlin's snatch while Stacy moved to hold her tongue out to slobber all over my balls and shaft as I dragged them back and forth over her face.
The whole time I didn't break eye contact with Aphrodite. Her unnaturally vibrant emerald green eyes seemed to boost my already sky high libido and infuse me with a lust unmatched by anything I had ever felt. My cock felt harder than steel and slid in and out of Caitlin's cunt like a hot knife through butter.
I lasted longer than I'd ever thought possible while fucking my smoking hot sister in a public place while her friend went to town on our combined genitals. But finally I couldn't take it anymore and my hard rod exploded as the ecstasy of my orgasm swept over me. Caitlin's own climax seemed to arrive at the same time as her back arched suddenly and her muscles clamped down on my cock as I erupted into my sisters waiting snatch. I slammed myself balls deep to ride out my divinely powered ejaculation. I finally broke eye contact with the goddess as I looked down at my sisters round ass, took a big hand full in each hand while continuing to pump an unnatural amount of cum into my sister's tunnel.
My semen began to squelch out of Caitlin's pussy on either side of my cock. Yet I still continued to ejaculate, volley after volley launched towards my sister's womb. Clearly Aphrodite was behind it. I looked up but she was gone, the scenery suddenly void of any deities.
"Oh my god." cried Stacy. "There's so much cum!" she gargled as she spoke as she was letting the excess semen flow from Caitlin's cunt directly into her mouth as I pumped more and more into my sister. All my muscles had tensed up and I closed my eyes to ride out my amazing orgasm. Finally after at least a minute of ejaculating I stopped pumping cum into my sisters already overflowing tank.
My muscles finally relaxed and I was exhausted. My cock popped free of my sister and I collapsed backwards onto the grass, sitting on the grass.
I got my first clear view of Stacy since she crawled underneath us. She was covered in cum. And when I say covered, I mean it. It flowed out of her still open mouth and all over her face. It matted down her thick red hair and was splattered over her entire front, sliding down her big tits and stomach before running over her pussy lips and dripping onto the grass. The volume of semen that had come from my now softening dick was truly of epic proportions and clearly supernatural.
Caitlin's orgasm seemed to only now be coming to an end. Her inner thighs were also coated in cum and the flow, while diminished, still continued from her pussy lips. Stacy collapsed backwards onto the grass, trying to swallow as much cum as she could without drowning, gurgling sounds escaping her lips.
"Holy shit! How is that possible?" Gasped unCaitlin as she finally released her grip on the fence. When she turned around she had a red chain link pattern across her chest where her rack had been pressed into the metal.
"It was Aphrodite." I said. "She was here."
"What? Where?" Caitlin asked.
I explained to them what I'd seen as Caitlin composed herself and sat down next to me, scooping as much cum out of her pussy and eating it as she could.
I was surprise they hadn't noticed Aphrodite's presence. Stacy didn't argue, after she's swallowed all the semen her tongue could reach, she was strangely silent. Her scepticism from earlier completely gone. I asked her what was up.
"Anyone chosen to be Aphrodite's medium deserves my reverence." She said as if that explained anything, "Anyone who could ejaculate that much is clearly touched by her divine lust. How could I question that?"
"Stacy is a bit religious. Fundamentalist Aphrodisiac." Explained Caitlin.
"You can't tell me you still don't believe Caitlin? Your own brother has received revelation."
"Ah, no theology discussions please." I said. "Lets just enjoy what happened shall we?" I decided I would need to investigate this religion of Stacy's.
The three of us relaxed on the grass for a while. Caitlin crawled over to her friend and licked the semen off her body, while Stacy also scooped it up and channelled it down her throat. When Stacy was mostly clean the girls came over and licked me clean. I hadn't noticed that my crotch was also covered in cum.
Five minutes before their lunch break was over the two girls decided to go. They needed time to have a rinse in the showers and do their best to clean Stacy's cum soaked hair.
After they disappeared through the brush, I jumped back home and had a shower myself, I was sticky from sweat. That divine orgasm really took it out of me. After my shower I lay down in the lounge to relax with some TV, however I drifted off to sleep before I could reach for the remote. My world had become so insane in the last couple of weeks that I don't know how I could sleep, but I didn't wake all afternoon.
Something about fucking the hell out of your sexy sister and dumping an unnatural load of cum on her friend really calmed a guy.