In case you missed Chapters 1 to 5:
Petra Stanwick graduated in Fine Arts and opened a little gallery. Her shop was not doing very well until her former professor, William Dennison began supplying her with erotic black-and-whites to sell, images he'd taken of her two years earlier. These were the most lurid images from the fashion series he used to illustrate his lectures, and they sold like crazy at her gala opening event.
Art lovers Gerard and Mona Rodman recognized Petra as the nude model in the bold prints they bought from her. They threatened to reveal her identity unless she agreed to regular Saturday night sex with them. She'd already been to their mansion twice for wild times and had made friends with their handsome chauffer, Darren. Now Petra wanted some way out of his employers' dirty deal.
****
It would take Petra more than a quiet Sunday to recover from being thoroughly used the night before. She ached all over and hadn't slept well either. Her lithe body was marked with signs of rough treatment at the hands of the Rodmans and cougar Lezlee Bellevue- before and after she passed out. On Monday morning she was late opening the gallery below her apartment.
At about the same time, her friend and photographer, Professor Edwards was launching into his next topic in Fine Arts 345, "The History of Design". The week before he had debuted new masked student models, Christina Appleby and Gabriella Smithers, to highlight fashion in 18th century France. Half-nude images of the curvaceous young women had been a hit. His class was ready for more.
Another working week was underway in the small city Stanwick and Edwards called home. Petra faced the day with determination to pull herself back together, while the Professor expected to bask in accolades from his students with more suggestive slides in his next topic. Two parallel lives would converge later on today.
****
Thankfully the art gallery was quiet that morning. Owner Petra Stanwick was moving slowly, and weighed down by a major problem. As much as she enjoyed unbridled sex, both weekends at her blackmailing clients' mansion had been over the top. Their sexual demands were increasingly excessive. They'd brought Lezlee into their games and promised more people next weekend. But she was trapped.
By 11:00, strong coffee had finally kicked in to wake up the proprietor. Just then the shadow of a familiar big car darkened the front window of the shop. The Rodmans' limo! Was it the couple coming around for a booty call? Surely not this early. The shop door opened, and a familiar capped green uniform entered- their driver Darren. And like last week, he had a package under his arm.
"Oh... Darren. Anybody with you?... Good. I don't think I could face them again so soon."
"They was rough with y', no?"
"How do you know that?"
"I took y' into the other room when they all passed out..."
"Oh god! Was I naked?"
"Y' were, and beau'ful to see. Marked up tho'. I put y' to bed and leave y' alone."
"Ohhh... thanks Darren. I felt terrible in the morning. A bit better today."
"I've some things for y' from the Mrs. For the weekend I s'pose, if y're comin' back again."
"Probably, though I don't want to go anymore. They're a bit crazy, especially him..."
"Miss Venus," Darren interrupted. "I've time now. Do you want t' have another go? I'd like it, 'specially after seeing it all when I carry y'."
Petra looked at this big, good-looking man so eager to have her. She liked how he treated her respectfully, unlike his employers. And he hadn't taken advantage of her on Saturday night when she was nude and blacked out. Petra noticed his big brown eyes and thought how much he reminded her of a shaggy dog wanting to be petted.
"I know they was nasty with y'. I won't be," he said earnestly. And that melted away any resistance she felt.
"Sure. Let's go upstairs to my place. I'll lock the shop. When do you have to be back?"
"'Bout 1:00."
"We have lots of time. Come on." She took his hand to lead the way.
Petra brought Darren to her bedroom and turned down the bed. There wasn't much that needed to be said. She motioned for him to undress while she did the same. Soon both were naked, and he was already hard.
"Come kiss me," Petra invited, as she pulled him down above her.
Darren's big arms encircled her, but he was surprisingly gentle, not pressing hard against her chest because he'd seen how they'd abused her body.
"Hold me, but not too tight," she whispered to her morning lover before jutting her tongue into his willing mouth.
Like last week, Petra quickly realized that he'd done this before, very skilled in the French art of kissing. She closed her eyes and sucked his probing tongue, mimicking oral sex, signalling her intentions. Darren played the game, relishing the slow, erotic pleasure. He could hear Petra moaning very softly as they explored one another's open mouths.
Darren forced himself to go slowly because Petra was sore. When he brushed his fingertips across her erect nipples, she shivered a bit but didn't withdraw. So, he lowered his head, kissing down from her neck, across her chest until his lips found a projecting bud. There he licked and lightly sucked, drawing little moans from his stimulated lover. She pressed his head against her, telling him she wanted more. He sought and found the other nipple and lavished it too.
Meanwhile, Petra drew the tips of her fingers across his naked body down to Darren's mid-section. He jumped a little from the sensations before she reached his groin, then his big cock. While he stimulated her stiff nipples, she began to softly stroke the length of his rod, so thick that her little hand barely encircled it.
It was a magnificent shaft, long and thick, with a prominent bulbous head. Petra could feel its taut, veiny texture in her palm and knew that she must have it deep in her pussy. This opportunity to give in to Darren was just too good to pass up. She chuckled as she stroked his tool.
"What a cock! Biggest ever. I don't know if it'll..."
"We'll try, Miss. I be careful. I know that."
As she continued to pull at his cock, Darren slipped one finger, then two into Petra's rosy slit. He grinned because it was very wet. She instinctively opened wider, and he dipped some juices onto her clitoris, lubing the little pearl for some pleasure. Then he gently rolled his forefinger in small circles, flicking her clit back and forth. Petra loved it, sighing deeply and spreading even wider. She was on her way to another world.
"Fuck me, baby. Fuck me now," she whispered to him. "Feed me that big thing- but very slowly."
"A pillow under y' will help us, Miss. Here y' go." And he lifted her like a feather.
Now the angle was right, and Petra was open wide, ready for his mighty cock. But Darren didn't rush, instead dipping fingers into her, stretching the entry while getting juices to smear on his throbbing member. It gleamed like a polished length of pipe as he brought it to the opening and ever so slowly fed it into gasping Petra.
Half-way now and very tight. Darren withdrew and scooped more female lube onto his pole. Then he eased back into the warm, damp, tight space between his lover's thighs. Petra's fingers went to her projecting clit to distract her from the mounting pressure as he squeezed down deeper and deeper. She felt him touch bottom just as he announced that he was all in. Then they began to gently rock against each other.
It felt wonderful to be so filled with this manly cock! Petra moaned with each stroke of his rod and pushed back to welcome more. Darren's low groans rewarded her enthusiasm for his skills, and he gradually picked up the pace. Each stroke widened the tight channel ever-so-slightly until she finally felt quite commodious.
Now Darren reached his big hands under her curvy hips and lifted Petra off the pillow. He began to drive himself into her harder, his big balls slapping against her body with every jab. He lifted higher and plunged harder- by now she was almost bent double, tossed about like a doll at the end of his powerful cock. She loved it! Marvellous, the best sex she'd had in a long time!
This couldn't last all morning. Not the way Darren was grunting and groaning. Not with aroused Petra sighing and crying out for more. They were parts of a runaway engine, pounding together like a steel piston in a velvet cylinder.
Sweat poured from their brows and their overheated bodies glistened in the low light of the bedroom. Petra's bed frame screeched its indignation at this total desecration. They were about to come and come hard. Then Petra reached her climax and literally exploded!
"Fuck me! Fuck me!... Yes... yes... OH YES!!... Ugh... ugh... Mmmmppppffff!!!"
Her fine body bounced up and down in the narrow space between Darren and the bed. She clawed into his back as he pulled her up against himself. Then Darren jerked wildly as he slammed into her body, emptying a massive load into her clenching receptacle. Her muscles milked him dry before he finally rolled off to one side gasping, completely spent.
"What a fuck... what a fuck!" he babbled mindlessly as Petra grinned over at him.
"Yes, indeed!" she thought. "The very best kind."
She knew this wouldn't be the last time that she'd take this man into her bed.
****
About the same time as Petra was romping in bed, Professor Edwards was busy lecturing at the college. Fine Arts 345 was packed again as he began to present design characteristics of the Regency Period in early-19th Century Britain.
The changes in architecture were very subtle at this time, but those in fashion were much more notable. No problem, because this is what all the jocks had come to see. Isn't it remarkable, the strong interest these young menhad in female clothing from two hundred years ago!
Time for the Professor to begin.
"So good to see you this dreary Monday morning. I will reward your dedication to learning with a very stimulating lecture. I have new slides to introduce two overlapping historical times in Britain, the Regency and Romantic.
The first simply marked eleven years between 1809 and 1820 when the Prince Regent ruled because his father, King George III, was mentally unable to do so. The second was a broader movement in the arts and literature during the same time and beyond..."
"Slides, please!" came impatiently from the male-dominated upper rows of the lecture theatre.
"But of course. Shame on me for keeping you waiting so long," Professor Edwards mocked. "First some music to accompany our images today. I've chosen pieces by Beethoven because he was very popular during this period. This is "For Elise". You may recognize this sad musical story of love for an unattainable woman. Guys, I'm sure you've experienced this problem already, eh."
All the girls laughed, then the beautiful, pensive melody started.
[Imagine listening. # 3/4 E Am E Am/ E Am E Am/ Am C G Am/ E Am E Am/ E E Am E/ Am E Am E Am]
Part way through the chords, Edwards projected the first slide. A masked couple was dancing close together, his head burrowed by her ear, her face a look of ecstasy. The older man, actually his friend Ronald Dennison, wore fine Regency clothing- velvets, paisley, breeches and stockings, a riot of rich colours. But it was the attractive younger woman- student Christina Appleby- and her deep cleavage which drew their eyes
Her otherwise modest white gown left her almost indecently exposed from shoulder to shoulder. Her rounded breasts were like firm, round fruit. And most exciting of all, her partner was running his fingers across them and touching the edge of her nipple. A collective groan rippled through the crowd.
"I thought you might like that one," the Professor joked.
"Romanticism wasn't about romance as we know it. It was a broad movement in literature and the arts that focused on finding personal meaning. It often looked to nature or history for inspiration and imagination. It lasted for a half century in writing, art and music, for example, Beethoven."
As he spoke, the resonant music threaded through the Professor's words, giving his commentary about the time period an added legitimacy. The combination of fine music, historical information, and mildly erotic image blended into a totally absorbing lecture. And he'd only just begun. Edwards leaned forward to project a second slide.
"Focus if you can on the finery worn by aristocratic men in the Regency period. They were like peacocks symbolically fluffing up their feathers with vibrant, expensive clothing. Their flamboyant style emulated the playboy costume and lifestyle of the Prince Regent, an endless round of parties and women."
The second slide featured Ronald and a second masked student- Gabriella Smithers- snuggled close on a sofa. Taken from a forty-five degree angle, certain features stood out. His right hand seemed to be cupped under her partially exposed breast. Her left hand was resting on his upper thigh, perhaps right on his cock! And judging by her closed eyes and open lips, they were seriously French kissing. A soft moan crossed the room. The girls liked this one.
"I know that you always like to examine the undercarriage, so to speak, to see what holds all this finery together. Our final slide today highlights female finery- underthings during the Regency period..."
"Oh yeah!" boomed from the back. "Bring it, man!"
"Here they are now. Both women together, either before or after the party- I don't know." the Professor offered suggestively. "You can see that they certainly are very familiar with each other, perhaps the closest of friends. Possibly even bi lovers?"
Models Christina and Gabriella stood facing one another with clasped hands. Their eyes were closed and their lips touched in a gentle kiss. Each of them was bent like a letter S, butts out and chests touching. They were mostly naked, their cheeky arses fully exposed from the side, while their bare breasts were mashed together under the filmiest of tiny camisoles. A chorus of appreciative whistles rose from the upper tiers.
The student models could feel their faces flush, both at the public exposure and the joking reference to lesbianism. At the same time, their latent exhibitionism had come to the fore. They were absolutely soaked by seeing and hearing their classmates responding to their near-naked bodies projected larger than life.
But thank heaven they were masked. Christina and Gabriella could enjoy the vicarious pleasure of public nudity without anyone recognizing them. Secretly, bold Gabby imagined she was totally naked, avidly fucked by Ronald in front of her friends. She had done him on Friday night. Her heart pounded at the very thought!
As she thought about this delicious sexual encounter, the lights gradually came back up and the strains of Beethoven faded. Professor Edwards had titillated his audience to the point that he could begin to delve into the core of his morning lecture.
****
About the time the Professor was finishing up his presentation, the sexy gallery owner was in the throes of orgasm. Darren Coxwell had slowly, carefully taken her to the top of the sexual escalator and delivered her to the next level with a gripping orgasm befitting the bedroom plaything she had become.
She lived for great sex now, and the Rodman's chauffer had proven that he knew how to handle more than an automobile. They lay on her bed for some time catching their breaths after the exhilarating drive to the top.
Afterward, Petra wasn't in any hurry to re-open her shop. The little "Back in 10 Minutes" sign hung behind the front door glass while she busied herself upstairs in the kitchen making a pot of tea. She wore only her panties and a T-shirt. As the water boiled, Darren came from the bedroom and playfully wrapped his arms around her from behind, nuzzling into her neck. She laughed.
"Didn't you get enough already?"
"Ne'er too much of y', babe!"
"Tea will soon be ready. Get a shirt on at least, and we'll have a cup before you go."
Petra liked Darren, a simple, uncomplicated guy who seemed to be completely enthralled with her. He was an ego-boost, and someone who made her feel empowered, at least compared to her twisted relationship with his employers. As long as the Rodmans held her secret, they could control her as they liked. Darren offered no-strings sex with a virile young man.
When he returned, partly dressed, they sat at the table. Petra had something on her mind.
"Darren, what do you think of Gerard? I know you said he offered me to you. But you also told me he could be nasty."
"He be all that, Miss. Smiles one minute, turns on me next. She's mostly OK though. Likes what I do fo' her." Petra already knew that he and Mona sometimes screwed.
"That's my impression too. He's controlling and unpredictable..."
"And crooked too!" the driver interrupted.
"Ohhh... in what way?"
"Y' know he invests money fo' people, eh?... Well, he takes some for hisself too. Thas why he rich."
"Really! How do you know?"
"I see and hear. Myself, an' from the other help. He brags, y' know. Some from the college. Says they easy pickin'. Eggheads with thar minds in the clouds, he say."
"My friends William Edwards and Ronald Dennison are professors there. I wonder if he's fleecing them?"
"Maybe. I hear'd him laugh 'bout an Edwards. Says he been workin' him for years. A real sucker."
"That's terrible! Embezzling from investors who trust him with their money!"
"Thas what it called?"
Petra had always wondered why Professor Edwards lived so simply. She knew that tenured professors were well-paid, yet he only rented a very modest two-bedroom apartment in a working-class neighbourhood. Nor did he dress particularly well. His camera gear and fine scotch seemed to be the only indulgences he allowed himself.
Perhaps his broker was syphoning off a great deal of his money? She would check into this further next time the Professor came around. But, they were finished their tea and Petra knew she should reopen the shop.
"Darren, won't Gerard wonder why you aren't back yet?"
"I guess y're right. Better go soon, Miss."
They went to the bedroom to dress again, the chauffer in his green uniform and cap, Petra in a conservative skirt and sweater. After going down the back stairs into the gallery, she kissed him before they reached the front door. Then he was gone, and the outlines of a plan began to take form in Petra's busy mind.
Monday was a quiet afternoon in the shop. A friend of someone who had attended Petra's grand opening party a few weeks earlier dropped by to say hello, and she chosen a print to buy. The attractive blonde was quite taken with an erotic image from the Art Deco set which featured a full nude wearing only heavy aluminum earrings and necklace. Her head was partially turned, so shadow hid Petra's identity.
"I love this one! And it's signed. 'Venus' is such a sexy woman!" Chloe Grey exclaimed.
"Beautiful body, eh. This is one of my favourites," Petra teased, enjoying her anonymity.
"Oh yes. I would love to meet her in person."
"Really! I know her and it could easily be arranged, you know," the model intimated, considering the possibilities of getting this customer into bed.
"Definitely! We'd have so much to talk about and...."
"Consider it done! I'll set it up for this week. You could meet her right here."
"Absolutely! Do you think I could have some time alone with her? You know...."
" Definitely! I know she'd love to talk to you alone."
Chloe paid for her print, and then Petra's phone sounded. It was Professor Edwards, and he had a new series of prints to show her.
"I'll phone you, Chloe, about meeting Venus. Have to take this call now. Bye."
So much art had sold at her opening party that the shop inventory was very low. Now her friend had shots taken during the Forties wartime session Petra had posed for two years earlier. She was eager to see them. Yes, he could bring them today, right after supper.
She closed up a bit early, then rushed about tidying up the little apartment. Knowing how William's visits often ended, she changed the bed linens and turned the covers down. As she did so, Petra gave a sly smile. Hadn't she already had sex in there today with one man? And now she was thinking about another session? Better have a shower before the Professor arrives.
At 7:00 her friend clomped up the outside stairs and banged at the apartment door. He carried a large leather sachet, filled with prints which Petra was eager to examine. She remembered the Forties shoot but had never seen any photos from it, apart from relatively tame ones the Professor had used in his lectures. They hugged as they sat down on the sofa to talk about the contents of his bag.
"I'm anxious to see these, William. There isn't much stock left to sell downstairs."
"I have the Art Nouveau and Deco series negatives, so I'll make up new sets of all those for you. You can tell me what frames you prefer for them."
"And these new ones are a third set then? The Forties."
"Right. Some great shots here. Let's go through these 8 by 10 prints and you can pick a half dozen or so that you think would sell. Here's the first one."
The Professor took Petra through a half-dozen or more prints, each one more suggestive than the next. There were two different groups, representing two different outfits which she had worn at the beginning of each half of the photo session. Some were in and out of a uniform, then the same with a white cotton dress.
The boldest of the uniform shots featured her sprawled on a sofa, her entirely exposed body crowned by a peaked brown army cap. Rounded breasts with peaked nipples drew the viewer's eye as much as her shaven mound and slit between spread limbs. A wicked smile invited the viewer to come closer, though shadow hid parts of the face, protecting the model's identity.
She remembered that Ronald Dennison had joined her for the second session. Five prints started with her dipped backwards, kissing her just-returned sailor-boy. It mimicked the iconic post-war American news photo. In the boldest one, they were naked in bed, her long legs wrapped around his muscular torso. In the shadows beneath them, his thick cock appeared to enter her pussy. Petra's arms encircled his broad back, and hair obscured her eyes.
"Very sexy prints, William. How many should I choose?"
"They are good. Pick three of each. Six from the series should be enough. I'll make copies in two sizes, like last time. Perhaps twenty-five or thirty in all."
"And I'll sign them all too. 'Venus', my other name."
The Professor chuckled, but as soon as she said it, Petra grimaced. Gerard and Mona called her Venus when she went to their mansion on Saturday nights. Though it was great recreational sex, she felt like their prisoner. And things were getting out of control. Her mind quickly moved to what Darren had told her earlier.
"William, there's something I've been wondering about.... What do you do with all your money?"
"Now that's a strange question Petra. Why do you ask?"
"Because you're a full professor and you've been at the college for years. Your courses are very popular- I'm sure you get the highest ratings..."
"I do!" Edwards beamed. "It's a point of pride, but we both know the reason."
Petra continued: "You must be well-paid, yet you live very simply. A basic apartment in a so-so neighbourhood, and an old car. What's up? Are you donating everything else to charity or something?"
The Professor looked serious when he replied.
"Actually, I think that I'm donating it all to my investment broker. He always has these ideas that sound so good on paper. 'Can't miss', but then they never pan out. Infrastructure in Afghanistan, tourism in Namibia... this year it's cryptocurrency... all losers. He promises that it'll be better next time, and I give him my money to try again. I'm just too trusting, I guess."
"Your broker is Gerard Rodman, right?"
"Yes. I saw you with them at your opening gala. How do you know he's my investment guy?"
"I can't tell you just yet. But someone very close to them told me that Rodman is taking people for a ride, living the high life at their expense. He's draining his investors, William. All your extra money is probably going straight into his cashbox at their country mansion. Those investment schemes may never even have happened."
"How do you know?" the Professor gasped.
"Inside information. Let's just call it 'pillow talk', OK. Surprising what someone will tell you after sex..."
"So, you're fucking the butler too, are you?" William interrupted.
"No, but you're close.... Hey, what do you mean, 'the butler too'?"
"Petra, I know you took Mona and Gerard upstairs the night of the big party. I came up to get you and saw it."
"Ohhh... I suppose you watched the whole thing?" Petra said accusingly.
"Actually, it seemed like a creative way to sell your prints," he joked. "I was observing your sales technique."
"Very funny, you Peeping Tom. But, seriously, Gerard is robbing you, and judging by the size of their home, a lot of other people too."
"How do you know so much about their place? Have you been there?"
This was very close to Petra's current concern. She might as well share it with her friend. Perhaps they could help each other with their Rodman problems?
"Yes, I've been there a few times... and probably more to come. They figured out that Venus is Petra, and they'll reveal my secret unless I go there every Saturday night..."
"That's why you always are busy on weekends now!"
"Yes. It was OK at first, but every time it just gets kinkier. I've got to get out, but how?"
"A thief and a blackmailer. Seems like Rodman is using both of us, eh, financially and sexually. I guess that's how he gets his kicks. Maybe you and I can kick back? Maybe we can kick his sorry ass so hard that he'll be finished with his games?"
"Have you got anything in mind, William? I'm thinking that if we expose his cheating he could go to prison and... "
"Exactly! Then you'd be free, and I'd get a new broker."
"Why don't you stay the night? You don't have to lecture tomorrow morning, and we'd have lots of time to work out a plan," Petra offered.
"Great! Do you have an extra toothbrush?"
"Yes, but I'm not going to lend you my panties tomorrow," Petra joked.
"You can drop them right now, young lady," the professor suggested.
"Sure. Maybe we'll get to the plan later?"
****
Petra and her former Professor hadn't been together for more than a month, but time melted away very quickly. She could see that her friend and photographer could be the key to escaping her blackmailers, and she wasn't going to let him forget her. She had the whole evening to convince him of the need to pursue Gerard Rodman and get him charged. Some hot sex would help set William on that course.
The bed was already turned down and before long the two of them were writhing naked on the cool sheets. Petra grasped his rigid tool as he kissed her hot, open mouth. His girth didn't match Darren's but that was fine. He'd be a comfortable fit in her recently overused organ. She could feel it moistening in anticipation of her third different partner in the past few days.
"You've become a real slut!" she told herself.
Now William had his mouth on a stiff nipple and a finger in her vagina. There! Now he had two in her and was rolling his thumb on her little nub, softly enough to lightlu stimulate it; firmly enough to make her ooze. She tightened her grip on his organ and stroked along his full length. He groaned with pleasure.
"They're all the same," she reflected, grinning. "So easily led around by their cocks."
"Do you like that, William?" she breathed in his ear.
"Gawd yes! And you?" he sighed.
"Mmm, baby. A little harder with your thumb for a while, then come inside me."
"Oh yeah. You on top tonight."
"First something special for you, William."
Petra swung around so that she was kneeling in front of her man. Then she leaned forward and drew him into her hot mouth. He watched in awe as she swallowed his rod, her cheeks drawn in, sucking at the head. His toes were curling! She held his nuts in one hand, periodically stroking with the other to highlight his pleasure. All the while, she gazed submissively into his face, just the way he liked it.
"Come on top now, before I lose it down your throat!" the Professor groaned, and Petra quickly clambered up above his body. She slowly lowered her pussy along the length of his pole until she was impaled on it. Then the rhytmic lifting and rolling started as Petra squeezed him with her toned muscles. He was losing himself in the sensations created by her hot, juicy chamber. What a fuck!
"This is for you tonight, William," she whispered as she bent over to offer her fine tits to his eager mouth. "Take all you want. And give it to me good."
The Professor lost track of time. He lost track of place. There was nothing else but this fantastic woman and her amazing body. He arched up to meet her movements and pounded into her with all the strength he could muster. He gasped for breath and drove harder. Then, William Edwards lost it. Like a crazed man he growled and thrust with a series of mighty heaves, blasting cum until he was entirely drained.
And then he quickly dropped off into the deep sleep of the fully satisfied.
****
Monday had been a very busy day. Professor Edwards had delivered another outstanding lecture and later on romped with his lovely ex-student. Petra Stanwick had eagerly fucked with two different men, and even may have lined up a future girl-girl partner in new customer Chloe Grey.
But there was something even better. Petra and William were ready to explore the mutual benefits of bringing down Gerard Rodman. All they needed was a plan.
Readers: That story is nearly ready and will follow shortly. Please rate this one before you go. Thanks.