Ch. 4 Becks
Author's notes:
1. This story follows on from my previous story 'Mixed Emotions' in which the characters are introduced and developed. It is strongly recommended that 'Mixed Emotions' is read first.
2. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this series are neither condoned nor recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.
3. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental.
4. The chapters are numbered in a sequence for a reason. It is recommended that they be read in numerical order.
--------------------------------------------
Thursday started off the same as any other day this first week after opening night. The students had all left to continue their studies and Greg had gone to work, leaving Pam, David and Marcie to clean and tidy, sort out the admin, take bookings and deal with anything that came up during the day. They had no bookings until official opening time 8pm, so were surprised when the doorbell rang. Marcie opened the door to see a woman in her early twenties, Marcie guessed, looking dishevelled and distressed. Her clothes were not quite in tatters but definitely looked second hand, her hair was unkempt, her finger nails dirty and broken and face tense and pale. Beside her was a small, battered suitcase.
"How can I help you?" Marcie enquired.
"Are you Marcie?" asked the woman.
"Yes I am."
"Oh thank God I've found you. Can I come in please? I'm really cold."
Marcie stood aside and let the woman come into the heated office area, then escorted her into one of the small private waiting rooms.
"Come in here," said Marcie, "It's warmer than out there. Would you like something to eat and drink?"
"Oh yes please. I haven't eaten or had a hot drink since yesterday morning. My name's Rebecca but everyone calls me Becks by the way."
"Pleased to meet you, Becks. How do you have your coffee?"
"Milk and one sugar please."
Marcie brought the two coffees over along with a plate of cookies.
"Help yourself to those," she told Becks.
Becks did just that, wolfing the first one then taking a second which she ate a little slower.
"So tell me about yourself," said Marcie, "What brings you here?"
"Oh, where to start. About two weeks ago I was thrown out of my home, literally. I still have the bruises. My partner of three years decided he didn't want me so kicked me out, saying that he had a new girlfriend. He kept Emma, my two year old girl though. He wouldn't let me back in to get her, wouldn't let me take anything. I slept under a bridge that first night, nearly froze." She shivered involuntarily at the memory. "I found a place to sleep the next night, a home that takes in desperate homeless women, and they gave me a meal as well. I went back to my home the next day and it was abandoned, locked and empty. He had left the house, taken Emma, everything from the house and the car. All I had were the clothes I stood up in. I didn't know where to go or what to do; I was frantic. I returned to the place for homeless women for that night also; that was last night. They told me that I couldn't stay there more than two nights because it was for emergencies only. I asked if they knew where somebody with no money, job or anything could stay and they said that a person called Marcie who ran a club called 'Dana's' may be able to help me. They told me where it was and here I am."
Marcie sat on the couch alongside Becks and put her arm around her shoulders.
"Oh you poor, poor woman," Marcie said softly into her ear.
Becks buried her face into Marcie's shoulder and sobbed, her whole frail body racked and shaking with each sob. Marcie continued to just hold her and let her release the pent up emotions. When she had quietened down, Marcie dried her tears and looked at her.
"So now what?" she asked. "Now that you're here, how can we help you? What do you expect us to do? What do you expect to find here?"
Becks thought for a few minutes, prioritising her needs, wants, desires and ambitions. She realised she knew nothing about these people, she was in a strip club and brothel, a place of sin her mother would have said, and that she should really leave.
"Look, thank you for the cookies, the coffee and the shoulder to cry on, but I have disturbed you enough with my problems. They are mine, not yours, and I had no right troubling you with them."
Becks made to stand up but Marcie reached for her hand and gently, but firmly, pulled her back onto the couch.
"Oh no you don't. You are in no position to go back into the wide world as you are. Please let us provide a refuge for you so that you can at least gather your thoughts, strengthen your body and become healthy again."
Becks hesitated, looked at herself in the mirror on the wall, looked at Marcie, then slumped down into the couch again.
"You're right. Thank you for your kindness and hospitality. I will reluctantly accept it because I really haven't any realistic options. But I feel awful because I don't know how to repay you."
"There is nothing to repay. Surely we can help a fellow human being who has fallen on hard times. It will be our very great pleasure to help you along life's pathway. But first we really need to know what you wish us to do. So again I ask you how can we help you? What do you expect us to do? What do you expect to find here? Where do you want to get to?"
"I don't know. I am beside myself with worry for Emma, I really need to know that she is well and safe. But I don't have any idea where she is. Then there is my situation. Obviously to make it I need money, so I need work, and that will allow me to buy food, clothing, shelter and maybe even transportation. It's like starting from scratch again. But nobody would employ me like I am now."
"So what about relatives? Are your parents alive still?"
"I have a distant aunt but she is the only living relative I think I have, and I don't have any idea where she is or what her surname is as I think she remarried. My parents died in a boating accident five years ago. I have no brothers or sisters."
"So how old are you, Becks?"
"Twenty two."
"What sort of work do you do, or did you do before you had Emma?"
"I waited tables in a café for a couple of years. That's where I met Jason, my partner. We became an item after only knowing each other a few months, then Emma came along quite quickly, absolutely unplanned. We used to have sex all the time, I think that's what attracted us to each other. Despite everything, right now I feel horny because we used to fuck several times a day but I haven't cum for several days now. I shouldn't be telling you all this, should I?"
"I don't see why not. Sex is a human need just like eating and sleeping. And what better place to feel like that than in a brothel," laughed Marcie. "Would you consider working here?"
"Yes, I think so. That would solve several problems at once I guess."
"Right, so we'll discuss that over lunch. Would you like a hot shower, or spa bath if you wish, and then we'll have lunch and I'll introduce you to some of the team – the oldies. The young ones are all studying at university during the day then they work here at night."
"I'd love a shower please. Haven't had one for three days. What do I do with my clothes?"
"Toss them. There's plenty here you can wear and I'm sure lots will fit you. Probably best not to choose a domme outfit first off though," Marcie laughed, joined by Becks. "Come on, I'll show you where everything is."
Marcie escorted Becks through the extended house, showing her a room she could use in what had been Pam and David's house, and where the shower and dining room were.
"Here's a towel, there's clothes in that wardrobe and when you're ready lunch will be in the dining room."
"Thank you so much," said Becks, both feeling and seeming far better than a short time before. "I'll be down soon."
While Becks showered and dressed Marcie told Pam and David about her and how she had come to be here.
"Seems like we have a bit of a reputation already," she said, "Can't do any harm if the community considers that we're compassionate enough to help people like Becks."
They both agreed that it would be an excellent idea to provide for Becks during her time of turmoil, even if she didn't want to work here at any stage.
"Everybody needs help at some time and there is no reason why we shouldn't provide it at this time for the poor girl. Her life must be totally overturned at present," said Pam.
Becks appeared after shortly after lunch was prepared. She had chosen simple, comfortable, yet stylish clothing. Marcie was beginning to suspect, from her mannerisms, speech and now dress sense, that she had a good upbringing and had simply been side-tracked on her life's journey, probably by rampant teenage hormones. Oh, well, we all make mistakes, she rationalised, and we all have the opportunity to learn from them.
Lunch was full of conversation with questions and answers from all sides. Becks was as keen to learn about the business and the people running it as they were to learn about her. After lunch, Marcie took Becks aside.
"Now that's the cleanliness, clothing and food taken care of. Are you still feeling horny?"
"Oh yes, even more so now that I'm warm and fed."
"Have you ever heard of a Sybian?"
"Yes, but I've never seen one or used one. It's a masturbation toy for women, isn't it?"
"Yes, but probably it shouldn't really be described as a toy. Come and I'll show you."
Marcie took Becks to the Sybian room and showed her how it worked and the various attachments.
"Would you like to use it?" asked Marcie.
"Oh yes please. Will you be here too or do I do it myself?"
"Whichever you wish."
"I'd like you to be here please. One of the other things about me, I love watching people have sex and I love being watched when I have sex. I guess that makes me an exhibitionist and a voyeur."
"Yes, it certainly does. And in a strip club it makes you both a customer and a performer. We'll have you up on stage yet, I can see that," chuckled Marcie.
"Ooohh, goody. Now, what do I do here?"
"Well, first I suggest that as an exhibitionist, you should strip naked. What attachment would you like? Probably best to start off with a small dildo, do you think?"
"No, I'll have the big one please," Becks said, "Jason used to push bottles up my cunt to show his mates how big I am."
"Oh," replied an almost-shocked Marcie, "So you really are an exhibitionist. Ok, big one it is."
Now that Becks was naked, Marcie noticed that she was extremely attractive. Well-proportioned breasts and hips, clear skin, neither too skinny nor overly fat. This confirmed her opinion of her up-bringing and also confirmed that she would be a wonderful asset to 'Dana's' if she wished to work here.
"Right," said Marcie, "Lubricate the dildo and then straddle the machine, allowing the dildo to go all the way up your cunt."
Becks did this, smiling at the sensual feelings it generated.
"Now, I'll start it off slowly," said Marcie as she started the vibrations and set them to twenty percent. "How's that feel?"
"Ooohhh, that feels just awesome," replied a smiling Becks. "A bit more please."
Marcie started the dildo rotation and also increased the vibrations, resulting in a squeal from Becks as she closed her eyes to really absorb all the sexual feelings emanating from her clit. She started to move her hips back and forth in a fucking motion. This girl's really hot and horny, thought Marcie as she increased it to fifty percent.
Becks was in heaven. All her senses were focussed on her clit and pussy area, feeling the waves of sexuality washing over her. She lost all sense of place and time, she was just sex; that was all there was in her reality. She had never felt so stimulated. She felt the beginnings of an orgasm approaching. Already, she thought? The machine continued to stimulate her unrelentingly; she felt it increase and vaguely heard Marcie say seventy percent. Her orgasm came quickly, overpowering her, causing her to let out an ear-piercing scream as she came hard.
"Aaaarrrrrggggghhhhh!!! I'm cummmminggggg! Yes! Yes! More! Yesssssss!"
Marcie was amazed at the power of her orgasm. Let's see what she does on 100% she thought as she turned the dial to full power. Becks went into orbit even more, writhing about on the machine as her hips moved frantically and she came even harder. After a full three minutes, Becks relaxed a little, the machine still running at full speed. She had sweat running down her body from the exertion. Her respite was short lived. After less than a minute she came again, as hard or harder than the first time, and she stayed like that, cumming in one long orgasm.
Marcie had never seen a person have such a powerful and lengthy orgasm as she was now witnessing. Becks showed no signs of ending her orgasm, nor any signs of passing out, which had happened to some women on this machine. Instead, she appeared to be in a steady state of orgasm and appeared to be consciously enjoying every sensational second of it.
After a further five minutes Marcie started gently decreasing the power, slowly bringing the vibrations and rotations to a stop. Becks seemed to relax and opened her eyes.
"Wow!" she exclaimed. "That was amazing. I can't wait to do that again. I have never cum like that. It was awesome. Thank you so much. I feel exhausted but vividly alive. Incredible is the only word I have for that."
Marcie helped Becks dismount from the machine.
"You need to clean up. There's a shower in there. I'll meet you outside when you're ready."
A few minutes later Becks emerged.
"Wow, I feel so awesome," she enthused. "What a machine!"
"Yes, it's really great. Very popular with the ladies, who are often accompanied by husbands, boyfriends, lovers or whatever. It's amazing how popular watching a loved one cum on the Sybian is with males. They really get off on it, especially if their lady performs oral sex on them at the same time. We're booked solid for it for the next few nights, so it's fortunate that we can use it during the daytime, although the guys usually keep us fully satisfied."
"So what's the arrangement here then? Does everyone who works here live here? Are you all married, single or in relationships or what?" asked Becks, noticing Marcie's wedding ring.
"Well, I guess that we have an unusual relationship really. Have you heard of polyamory?"
"No, but I'm guessing that from the Latin roots of the work it is about loving many people," replied Becks.
Marcie's opinion of her went up even more. She must have been well educated. She certainly had more potential than just waiting tables or working as a stripper and whore.
"That's right. So all ten of us are in a polyamorous relationship, some more than others. I am officially married to Greg, and Pam and David are also officially married. Todd has our daughter Dana, who this club is named after, and Trudi as his 'wives', although none of them are officially married. Greg also brought home a nymphomaniac named Julie from a party and she joined us in our relationship. Then there is Gabby, Pam and David's daughter, who is in a relationship with Chris. However, we can make love with whoever we wish whenever we wish. So, for example, although Greg and I sleep together usually, Julie also usually sleeps with us. However, sometimes Julie sleeps in David and Pam's bed because Pam often doesn't want sex while David does. When that happens I'll often have a threeway with Todd and Greg. Chris and Gabby also share their favours with other couples or singles as well. So I guess you could say we're all one big happy family and it is very rare for there to be any disagreements between us. It did take time and effort to achieve this; the first thing we had to do was lose the concept of ownership of another person and also lose our egos. Once that happened, it was great."
"That sounds amazing. What a pity that the whole world couldn't be like that. So you mean if you're feeling horny you have four males to choose from and can just hop in bed with any of them?"
"Yes, that's about right. Or I can choose to use the Sybian, or, as all the women are bisexual, I can choose one of them if I wish."
"So there's no reason for anyone to feel sexually frustrated then."
"Well, not for long anyway. Obviously if we have commitments we have to honour them. Right at the start Trudi and Todd went on a field trip together leaving Dana here. She was really annoyed and frustrated so she slept with us and made love with Greg. Yes, I know that is called incest in the world out there, but here it's quite acceptable. The reasons for it being unacceptable are the problems of inbreeding, but modern contraception has solved that so really there is no reason for this taboo anymore."
"So if I was invited to stay here and I chose to, what would happen?"
"That would just depend on so many variables that it's impossible to predict. Just wait and see what happens. We don't necessarily control the future."
"Hmmm, OK, so what else is there for me to see here?"
"Let's take a more extended tour. But first, we should really notify the police about Emma. Presumably you want to know where she is at least."
"Oh yes. Let's do that now then we can have a more leisurely extended tour if that's OK with you."
Marcie phoned the local police, explained the situation and then handed the phone to Becks. After half an hour of questions and answers she hung up.
"They haven't had any reports of a guy and two year old with that description. They think he probably fled interstate, which will require a larger search. As they pointed out, unless someone reports something strange or they run afoul of the law there is a very small chance of actually finding her. There are literally thousands of people who are missing and many of them are never found. Even in this day and age it's possible to disappear if you're good and careful."
"Well, then, I guess we've done just about all we can at present. Time will have to sort this issue out, it seems," replied Marcie. "Come on the tour anyway. That should get your mind off Emma for a while. I'm sure Jason is looking after her especially as he was so adamant that she go with him and not with you."
Marcie led Becks to the show room where they had the strip show the previous Saturday. She explained it all to Becks, who had a tentative try on the poles and imagined how it would feel to be on stage naked with everyone looking at her. Delightful, she decided. Marcie pointed out that she wouldn't stay on the stage all the time but would circulate amongst the guests, allowing herself to be stroked and felt up, as much as she wanted them to, and collecting tips from them.
"That actually sounds like fun," commented Becks. "When can I try?"
"Well, maybe you could do a guest appearance this Saturday night. I'll ask Dana to give you some coaching in the evenings and on Saturday, provided she's available. She's usually booked solid each evening; guys seem to think it's great being able to fuck the person who the club is named after."
They looked at the spa pool, Marcie telling Becks the rule – no clothing in the pool – and indicating that when not being used by clients the pool was free for anyone living here to use.
"So if you want a swim in the pool after the tour, by all means just strip off and hop in. Remember that David, Pam or Greg might also get in with you, so I hope you're OK with that."
"Yes, that's fine," replied Becks, "With my exhibitionist tendencies it's probably more of an incentive than anything else."
Marcie laughed. "True, I guess. The other rule is that there is no fucking in the pool or making guys cum. Sticky cum tends to block up the filters. Girls can cum no problem. Of course, if a guy wears a condom that's fine. When we're having sex with members of the public condoms must always be used but between ourselves we never use them. Do you have any diseases that you know of?"
"No, and I had a medical check a few of days ago after I found out that Jason was fucking someone else. It was clear. You really can't be too careful these days."
"That's true. So we'll assume you're all clear. That's one thing we don't need to be concerned about anyway. Are you on any contraceptives?"
"Yes, I'm on the pill, but I do need to get a new supply within a couple of weeks."
"That's fine. Let me know the brand and I'll get some. We put in a bulk order with the local pharmacist. Right, now along here we have something very special which you'll probably like, seeing that you're a bit kinky," said Marcie, leading Becks to the stairs to the Dungeon. "When we first started this whole thing it was because Greg was a lousy lover and we needed some variety and excitement. This whole establishment is what it developed into. But the first part we built was the Dungeon, down here."
When they entered the room and turned on the lights Becks let out a gasp and smiled widely.
"I've read about Dungeons but never been in one. What happens here?"
"We torture each other to within an inch of our lives," replied Marcie, smiling broadly, then continued, "No, we don't actually. What we do is to use controlled amounts of pain to heighten sexual awareness and arousal. It's amazing how people adapt to pain. Dana and Julie in particular are real pain sluts. They actually cum hard from having gradually increasing amounts of pain applied to their genitals. It's quite amazing to watch. I haven't been able to do that, nor have the other women or the guys, but those two are just incredible."
"So if you wanted to inflict pain on me now, what could you do?"
"Well, first off we could restrain you."
Marcie walked over to the frame and showed Becks how it could be used, then the ram and dildo, and the bed with its attached bonds.
"There are even restraints on the Sybian if we wanted to use them. We have a platform with Velcro tiedowns to hold your knees on the floor then we could tie your hands behind your back and stimulate you for as long as we want. After cumming solidly for twenty minutes you will certainly want off."
"Ooohh, that sounds like fun. I'd love to try that sometime."
"If you stay on here all you'll have to do is ask and I'm sure someone will help you experience that. This ram takes a dildo which fits into your cunt as a restraint. Would you like to try it now?"
"Yes please," replied Becks with enthusiasm.
"OK, you can strip off or just take your panties off, whichever you like."
Becks blushed a little. "I'm not wearing any panties," she replied. "I usually don't unless I'm going out so I guess it's just become a habit. Jason didn't want me to because he said it could restrict his access to me. So what do I do now?"
"OK, just come over here. I'll fasten a dildo to the ram. I guess you want a large one?"
"Ooohh, yes please."
Marcie pulled out the twelve inch extended tapered dildo. "This one OK?"
"Hell no! That's far too big. Nobody could take that in their cunt."
"All the women here have," replied Marcie, "And if you want to stay here you will too. But not now. This one will be better."
Marcie fitted the eight inch dildo to the ram and lubed it.
"Right, come along and straddle the dildo, hold your dress up out of the way, and I'll raise the ram slowly. Tell me if you need me to stop."
As the ram slowly raised the dildo penetrated her cunt lips easily and rose into her cunt. Marcie noticed that Becks was standing on her toes. Once the dildo was fully inserted she asked Becks how it felt.
"It feels really nice. I can feel the end touching my cervix."
"Right. Now notice that you're on tip toes. How long do you think you can stay like that?"
Becks saw the problem right away.
"Oh. I should have been flat footed to start with. What happens now?"
"Well, one of the things we like to do here is learn by experience. So right now I'm not lowering the dildo for five minutes." Marcie set the timer. "So you'll just have to either have very sore calf muscles or else learn to take a dildo that's a couple of inches longer that the eight already inside you."
"So how do I get off this?"
"You don't, until I lower it. That's why it's a piece of restraint equipment. It works for guys too, except we tie their wrists to the top bar and use the ram to pull downwards on their balls. All the guys here have had ten pounds pulling on their balls for 15 minutes. They tell me it's quite painful. So that and the tapered dildo are the entry criteria for our polyamory group. Once a person has passed that test then they no longer need permission of the person's partner to fuck that person. So if you wanted to fuck Greg now you would need my permission and Julie's permission, but after you have passed the test, with everyone watching, then you wouldn't need that permission. Obviously you would need Greg's permission; we don't need or allow rape here. How are your calf muscles feeling?"
"Really sore. How long to go?"
"Still three minutes. I doubt you'll stay there that long so you may as well slowly lower yourself. That way you won't just collapse onto the dildo. By the way, we normally have a safe word which you would only use in case of dire emergency. You can use pineapple if you really feel that you're going to do some drastic damage to yourself. Misuse of the safe word is always punished. Two more minutes."
Becks lowered herself slowly onto the dildo, wriggling so that it could move alongside her cervix rather than directly onto it. With great relief she felt her heels touch the floor and her muscles start to relax.
"Ooohhh, that's better. A bit uncomfortable inside, but my calf muscles are becoming less painful."
"We use the Dungeon with members of the public who want to be tortured or to torture each other. It's quite popular. We'll probably have a Saturday night BDSM special here sometime. We'd need to strictly limit numbers because it's not as large as the show room. Right. Ready to get off?"
"Yes please."
Marcie lowered the ram allowing Becks to move away.
"That felt quite good. I think I could have stayed there for a long time and possibly even cum after a while."
"Hmmm, maybe you're a pain slut too, as well as an exhibitionist. We also have lots of other things here. There are whips and canes, pins, needles, sounds for pushing into guys' cocks, speculum for opening up girls wide, candles for dripping wax onto people and for playing with fire, vibrators and dildos, rubber bands for various uses and staple guns, would you believe, for shooting staples into tender parts like nipples, cunt lips, even clits. I haven't had that and have no intention of it. Over here there's a sex swing allowing a woman to be tied in and fucked by all and sundry while they swing around in mid-air."
"That sounds like fun," interrupted Becks.
"Yes, it would certainly cure you of being horny I would think. So you can see we have a large range of things here. Almost anything you can imagine we can do. OK, you can come back here sometime and we can play if you like. Right now it's time we headed upstairs and started getting dinner ready. The others will be arriving sometime soon so you'll be able to meet them."
They left the Dungeon and went into the kitchen, where Becks started giving Marcie a hand to prepare dinner. They chatted a bit about each other's experiences in life so far until Dana and Gabby arrived home.
Marcie did the introductions and the three girls went to have a cup of coffee and chat together in the lounge. Greg came home a few minutes later, followed closely by Julie, Trudi, Todd and Chris. Marcie took them through to the lounge and introduced them to Becks. While they all got to know each other, Pam and David went to the kitchen to help Marcie, who told them about Becks' afternoon experiences.
"Sounds like she would be quite an asset here," commented David. "Very well spoken too, I think."
"Yes," agreed Marcie, "And well educated too I think. Probably her strong sex drive and teenage hormones diverted her from achieving what she could in her life, but there's no reason that should stop her. Look at Julie, same thing happened there. She's doing really well at uni so I see no reason why Becks couldn't also. However, we can only offer, she isn't ours to control."
Greg joined them in the kitchen after a short time.
"They've all decided on a spa swim," he said, "One thing I'll say about Becks, she doesn't seem to be shy. She was telling us about her experiences this afternoon on the Sybian and in the Dungeon. You've certainly started her off well, Marcie."
"Well, if she's going to make up her mind what to do, she needs to know the consequences of her decision. No good finding out that she's a shy wallflower if she decides to live in a strip club and brothel," chuckled Marcie.
In the spa room they had all stripped off without second thoughts and were soaking in the hot water. Chris sat on the seat between Gabby and Becks. Becks felt his hand reach over to her thigh and start stroking it. She reached over to his thigh and responded in kind, stroking gradually higher, as his hand did also, until she reached where she though his cock should have been. That was when she encountered Gabby's hand, wrapped around his cock, stroking it slowly and gently.
The two girls glanced at each other.
"Are you trying to feel up my man?" asked Gabby.
"Not at all, unless it's OK with him. I'm just doing what he's also doing to me," replied Becks.
Gabby glanced at Chris accusingly, a look which rapidly changed to one of love.
"Darling, do you fancy Becks, by any chance? Is that why your cock's so unusually hard?"
Chris looked guilty, like a small child caught with his hand in the cookie jar. However, he knew that there was absolutely no point in lying because there were never any consequences for loving someone other than your partner in this extended family.
"Yes, actually, I do and it is."
"Well then, here you are Becks, have a feel and a stroke," replied Gabby, handing Becks Chris' cock underwater. "I'll make do with his balls for a while."
Becks hand moved around Chris' cock and continued the slow stroking that Gabby had been doing. She remembered that she must not let him cum because of the filters. She also felt his hand take possession of her cunt lips and clit, massaging gently. She closed her eyes and allowed the feelings to take control. She felt herself relaxing under the soothing movements, the warm water, the sexual satisfaction and the relief from the horrible tension of the past couple of days. She felt deep gratitude towards everyone here for their acceptance of her exactly as she was.
After a while Marcie came to the spa room and announced that dinner would be dished in two minutes. Everyone scrambled out to dry themselves and don their clothing, arriving in the dining room together. Marcie noticed that Becks had been welcomed into the group and was pleased she had fitted in so well. Becks once again sat beside Chris, and Marcie was aware of a definite relationship starting to develop between them. That's great, she thought, maybe Gabby will end up with a female bedmate soon.
Dinner was a very social occasion, today's conversation revolving around Becks. By now everyone had heard about her adventures with the Sybian and in the Dungeon, which caused a few chuckles. They were all pleased to see she had survived these 'ordeals' and was keen for more. All the girls said they were quite happy to teach Becks all they knew about stripping and pole dancing, and they recounted some of their experiences during the past few days with clients. After dinner, while the students went for a short study time before their clients arrived. Becks helped with the dishes and cleaning up after dinner. She was just finishing when Chris came into the kitchen and asked if she could come with him. He took her to his room, where Gabby was sitting on the bed.
"Becks," he began, "Gabby and I have been talking. We'd really like it if you would consider spending the night in our bed, please. We don't want you to be all alone in your bed while we all have people to cuddle, and the others have mostly got three in their beds at present, so we'd really love it if you'd move in with us, at least tonight. We'll see how it goes and quite possibly we could make the arrangement permanent. Besides which, you have a really hot bod which I'd really like to get into."
Becks blushed a little and looked at Gabby.
"It's OK, Becks, we've discussed it and if you and Chris want to make love together that's fine with me. I'd love to watch though."
Becks eyes started to tear. "Thank you so much," she replied, "I can't remember the last time that people were so kind and caring. I'd feel honoured to share your bed and if you want to make love to me, Chris, I would be very pleased and privileged, and yes, of course you may watch, Gabby."
They all gave each other hugs and Becks left the room to let them continue to study and then prepare for their clients tonight.
Eight o'clock came and so did the first customers. Becks had been given the task of meeting and greeting them and ushering them into waiting rooms, recording which room they were in. This freed things up a little and it was good for business for a scantily clad, beautiful young woman to greet them as they entered. It also gave Becks a first-hand idea of what happened here, who the clientele were, what procedures were used in public areas, and how busy people were. What really did amaze her were the number of young women who came in for assignations with Todd, Chris and Greg. She understood why men would come here to meet with female whores, but couldn't quite figure out why young women would have difficulty finding a partner when it seemed most men out there were oversexed and looking for someone to fuck. It wasn't until one woman mentioned how safe she felt with the men here that Becks realised the problem with the world out there.
The evening progressed as these evenings did and around 11pm Becks was released from her duties as there were no other bookings to arrive. She had already moved her meagre belongings into Chris and Gabby's bedroom so she undressed and climbed into bed to await their arrival.
After about half an hour, during which time she fell asleep, Becks was woken by someone climbing into bed with her. It became quite obvious fairly quickly that it was Chris, complete with massive erection.
"How can you have this when you've been fucking women all evening?" she asked.
"The secret is not to cum. Occasionally, if I have someone who is really gorgeous and a skilled lover I will cum, but usually I simply fake an orgasm to make them feel good. Wearing a condom means there is no requirement for me to prove I came. So tonight I didn't actually cum at all, although I did get close a couple of times. That means that right now I'm horny as hell and want to make love with you."
"Well, you're out of luck," replied Becks to a very surprised Chris, "Until Gabby arrives. I promised her she could watch."
"Oh. So what do we do till then?"
"Well, you could get me off a couple of times with tongue or fingers, or I could tease you mercilessly, or both."
"I'll take both," he replied, moving so that he could reach her breasts and clit with his hands while she had easy access to his erection and balls.
They played together for about forty minutes until Gabby arrived.
"Huh, I see you've started without me," she complained.
"We've just been playing. Becks said she'd promised you could watch so we haven't got into anything serious yet. How was your night?"
"Well, if you call being fucked by overweight businessmen who couldn't care less about pleasing a girl pleasant, then I had a pleasant evening. Fucked five times and didn't even get close to cumming. Hope you've got enough for both of us tonight, darling."
"I'm sure I can manage that," replied Chris. "Who's first?"
"You go first, Gabby," said Becks. "I'll watch, if I may."
"Most welcome to. Come here, lover," replied Gabby, getting into bed alongside Chris. "I see he's pleased to see me, or is it Becks he's pleased to see?"
"Both of you," replied Chris diplomatically. "How do you want it, darling?"
"On your back. I want to ride you into the sunset."
Becks watched as Gabby mounted Chris' huge cock and rode him hard. She came twice before he came, and then collapsed onto his chest, cuddling up to him. Becks thought maybe that was it for the night until Chris gently prised Gabby off him and rolled her over onto the bed. He asked Becks how she wanted it.
"That looked fun. Same way please."
"OK, so just give him a bit of stimulation so he's nice and hard for you."
Becks put her mouth over Chris' cock and began tonguing him, feeling his cock growing in her mouth as he once again hardened. When he was ready she mounted him, noticing that Gabby had propped herself up in bed for a better view, then she began riding Chris hard, feeling her clit being stimulated by his pubic bone as his cock head rubbed against her cervix. Within a few minutes she was ready to cum.
"Oooohhhh, yessss! Like that, yesssss, ooohhhh, I'm cummmmingggg!!" she cried out as she was consumed by a massive orgasm.
Once it had subsided, Chris used his hands on her hips to start the motion once again. Becks soon picked up the rhythm and increased the speed and pressure, driving them both towards orgasms. Chris came first, Becks feeling his hot sperm shooting against her cervix which drove her to her second orgasm. She collapsed onto Chris' chest, her breasts pressing onto his ribs, both breathing hard.
"Oh, sweetheart, that was wonderful," she murmured into his ear.
"You were just gorgeous when you came," replied Chris.
Gabby snuggled up to the couple while they remained united, and the three of them fell asleep immediately.
Becks awoke on Friday morning and spent a few moments recalling where she was. She looked over towards Chris and Gabby and saw they were quietly kissing each other, cuddling and caressing intimately. She went over in her head all that had happened in the last few days. She was so pleased that she had found these welcoming people, so blessed and so grateful. Almost as though she had been guided here. Once Chris and Gabby realised she was awake they included her in the cuddles until it was time to arise and prepare for another day of studies. Both Gabby and Chris had work to do before they left for uni so wasted no time in showering and dressing for the day. Becks was in no hurry so remained in bed until the bathroom was free, then she showered and, still naked, walked to the wardrobe where Marcie had shown her the clothing. On the way she met Greg coming out of his room. He greeted her with a once over appraisal, a smile, a low whistle and then a big hug.
"I hope I'm allowed to walk around naked," she said, "I'm just on my way to get some clothes from the wardrobe."
"Becks, the only reason we wear clothes is because it's winter. If this was summer you'd be dressed perfectly. We all walk around naked most of the time in summer. Anyway, why would you want to hide a gorgeous body like yours? And next question, when can I schedule you to sleep in my bed?"
Becks gave him the once over glance. "You sure a guy of your age could keep up with me?"
Greg laughed. "Guess we'll just have to find out," he replied.
Becks found some reasonably sexy clothing and put it on, omitting the panties once again, then headed to the kitchen for breakfast, where most people had gathered by this time. Breakfast was less formal than dinner, grabbed on the run by several with only a few comments about the previous evening. Very soon the house was quiet with just the four of them left to start again with the cleaning and tidying, bookings and managing other business requirements.
During the morning Becks helped Marcie, learning as she went where things were and what needed to be done. At morning tea time Marcie met with Becks and asked how things were going.
"Thank you for your work last evening. Many people commented what a wonderful job you did and how they felt really welcomed and valued."
"That's OK. Pleased I could help."
"So how are things going for you? I hear you've moved in with Chris and Gabby; how's that going?"
"When I woke up this morning I lay there thinking how fantastic things have suddenly become and feeling so grateful for finding all you wonderful people. Chris and Gabby are just terrific. Last night Chris made love to us both. I felt so happy, so fulfilled. I'm really amazed that Gabby is willing to share her partner with me. That is just mind blowing."
"Yes, it's the same right through. I'm very happy to share Greg with Julie, and Dana and Trudi share Todd really well also. This is what happens when we honour and respect everybody's rights to be themselves and when we don't feel the need to own someone else. It's how the world should be. Just imagine if the whole world was like this instead of just the eleven people here."
"That would be wonderful," Becks replied, "But it will take a lot to persuade people to change, unfortunately."
"Yes, I agree. So how do you feel about staying and working here? The other thing you could do would be to go to uni to study like the other young people are. Would you be interested in that?"
"That sounds like a dream come true. If you're all happy to have me I'll be very happy to stay. Of course there is still the issue of finding Emma and if she came to live with me I'd have to see how that went, but certainly for the time being I'd be delighted and extremely grateful to stay here and learn the trade, so to speak."
"Well, it's not only my decision so we'll have to have a discussion about it tonight or maybe Sunday. Sunday's our day off, no work, we're closed Sunday night. So it can be a study day for some, a rest day for others or a play day for still others. Or all three. Very often it's a day when we push our limits in some area in the Dungeon or maybe look to choreograph new acts, although that is usually done during the day on Saturday. So we all, including you, need to have a round table discussion about the situation.
"You may have noticed that the key thing in this relationship is honesty. People will say what they need to say even, or especially, in front of the person affected. Nobody talks about others behind their backs. So that is something you will have to get used to. People realise that what they say about others or to others is simply their opinion and how a person takes that is only up to that person, not the person saying it. So nobody feels guilty about criticising others because all criticism is helpful. People know that nothing is said with malice, so everything can be used for learning."
"That's awesome," replied Becks. "Again, it's such a pity that the outside world is not like that. Wouldn't it be great if there was no falsehood and deceit anywhere? We could make such progress if people didn't feel they needed to be defensive and hide their real feelings behind a cloak of part truths and outright lies."
"I agree. Right, back to work. Can I let you be in charge of lunch today please? I have a meeting I need to attend at 11.30am so we can have lunch for 1pm if that's OK."
"Yes, absolutely, I'll do that. I know my way around the kitchen mostly by now."
"Thank you. Now, back to cleaning the individual rooms upstairs."
They both went back upstairs to clean the rooms, deodorise them, leave clean towels and other supplies, replace sheets, and in short make them look as though they had never been used. Marcie went out on schedule and shortly afterwards Becks organised a nutritious lunch which the four of them shared on Marcie's return at 1pm.
"Thank you for a wonderful lunch," said Marcie as she sat down to the sumptuous meal. "I think we'll certainly have to keep you on."
Becks glowed with pride from the praise, rare in her previous life.
"This morning I met with an officer I know in the police and discussed further Emma and her legal rights, your legal rights and Jason's legal rights. One of the problems is that you and Jason both have the same legal rights to custody of Emma. Even assuming that they do find her, and there are thousands of missing people who have never been found, then you would probably have a very costly court battle to gain custody, and the judge would probably grant it to Jason because he or she would think that a strip club and brothel was not a suitable location to raise a child. We all know that is just prejudice, but prejudice is alive and well in this country today. So the news is not good. I guess you can't really get your hopes up and we'll just have to wait and see what happens. We must all make the best choices with what life deals to us, no good being too concerned about what happens if she is found. Deal with what is, not what if."
"Thank you for that. Yes, I will just have to wait until something happens. I am so grateful to have people like you to help me. I can't thank you enough."
"That's OK. It's what people are here for, even though most probably don't realise it. Right, back to work. Pam and David, can you please organise dinner tonight."
"Certainly," replied Pam, "We'll rustle up a feed for everyone. Five o'clock OK?"
"Yes, that'll be great, thanks. Give people time for dinner to settle before work starts. Let's go, Becks, I need some help with stage stuff for tomorrow night's show please."
After dinner Marcie gave everyone their programs for Friday night. Becks was allocated to tidying rooms after clients, ensuring that supplies were replaced as required, meeting and greeting if Marcie and Pam were required elsewhere, and serving drinks if that was needed. She was happy with that arrangement, feeling a wonderful sense of belonging to a team which had been lacking in her life up till now. It also took her mind off Emma, the grief that she felt from her absence and her concerns for the future.
She checked the wardrobe for suitable clothing and found a short skirt that sat low on her hips and a revealing halter neck top of the type she liked that revealed her cleavage and was almost sheer enough to expose her nipples. She also wore thigh-high self-supporting lace stockings and high heeled shoes. Her hair, which she had spent much time shampooing and conditioning until it shone, was held back in a simple pony tail, accenting the clear skin of her face, neck and shoulders. Marcie was very pleased how Becks had started to take care of herself and both she and Greg thought Becks looked beautiful.
"I hope she does stay," Marcie commented to Greg. "She'd certainly be an asset as a stripper and prostitute if she wants to do that."
"Yes, she's one sexy girl alright," agreed Greg. "Would you mind if I invited her to our bed one night? I think I mentioned that before, didn't I?"
"Hmmm, I wondered how long it would take for you to get round to that and yes, you did mention it before. I want to induct her into the polyamory agreement on Sunday so after that you can invite her any time you wish."
"Sounds like a great idea and an interesting Sunday," commented Greg, subconsciously licking his lips in anticipation.
The evening progressed well with several male clients wanting to take Becks to a private room rather than the girl they had previously chosen or been allocated. Becks became used to deflecting their advances although she did allow them to run their hands up her legs and fondle her pussy briefly, an easy task with her short skirt and no panties. She also developed the technique of dropping something and bending from the waist to pick it up with her back to the client. By the end of the evening she had received a pleasing and surprising amount in tips. This could be a very profitable and enjoyable life, she thought.
Shortly after midnight the clients stopped arriving and she cleaned up the public areas then headed off to bed, finding herself alone in bed with Chris.
"Gabby'll be in shortly," he said, "She has a late client."
"So how does it feel for you that your partner and love of your life is out there right now being fucked by someone else?"
"It was really strange at first," he replied, "And I did feel twinges of jealousy and almost, I guess, betrayal. But then I realised, after we discussed it, that it is me she loves, for the clients she is just filling a need. There is no real attraction of affection, it's simply a job. After that I was OK with it and it certainly hasn't threatened out relationship; if anything, it's made it stronger."
"So how do you feel about me coming into your bed then?"
"We discussed this when you arrived. It seemed obvious that this was the best place for you. You seemed so fragile and alone. Gabby was a bit concerned in case you and I ran off together. For some reason she feels that you are far more attractive and alluring than she is; I guess it's a woman thing. However, when I assured her that would not happen and that including you in our polyamory arrangement would in no way diminish my love for her, she agreed. How are you finding the situation so far?"
"I am overwhelmed by the welcome I have received here and especially by your and Gabby's willingness to include me in your relationship. It is far more than I could have hoped for, far more than I have ever known in the past. Thank you so much. I'm just hopeful that soon I can be inducted into a full polyamory arrangement with you, provided that you're willing for that to happen, of course."
"We've discussed that too. We thought Sunday would be a good day for that if you were agreeable. I think Gabby's mentioned it to Marcie so hopefully after Sunday you'll be a full member, so to speak. Speaking of which, right now all this talk and nearness has given me a full member," he chuckled, "You feeling sexy at all sweetheart?"
Becks checked Chris' full member and they caressed and kissed for a short time until he finally slipped it into her wet waiting tunnel. Their orgasms approached quickly as he kneaded her breasts, causing her to cum hard as he squirted his cum against her cervix.
"Oh, darling, that was great. I really needed that tonight," he murmured in her ear.
"Yes, I agree. After a night of having guys finger my pussy I also needed a good cum. Thank you sweetheart. I hope you saved some for Gabby though."
"Gabby usually gets off with at least one of her clients so her needs are not usually urgent. However, I'm sure there's more if it's needed."
They cuddled together and were drifting off to sleep when Gabby climbed into bed and cuddled up to Chris, who turned over to cuddle and kiss her.
"You two been fucking?" she asked with a laugh. "It smells like a brothel in here."
"Yes, my love, we have been, but there's enough for you if you need it too."
"Not tonight, sweetheart, my last two clients were wonderfully considerate, making me cum twice each. I'm all cummed out tonight but thank you for the offer. Sleep well, honey."
They kissed goodnight and all three of them slept.
Saturday morning they all slept late, meeting for breakfast about 10am.
"Hope you all had a wonderful evening," said Marcie.
They shared how the previous evening had gone for them, everyone being very enthusiastic about the class of clientele they were attracting.
"How did you find it, Becks?" asked Marcie.
"I really enjoyed it. Some of the guys were pretty touchy feely, which was fine, and most left very generous tips."
"Well, I guess that touchy feely is what you get when you wear a short skirt, almost transparent top and no panties in a brothel," commented Dana drily.
There were a few chuckles around the table.
"I didn't mind at all, in fact I quite liked it," replied Becks.
"I just guess you're like me, a natural whore," offered Julie. "Great being paid for doing what you like."
"Becks, I was thinking of your status here," continued Marcie. "As you are aware, we have polyamory agreements both with our significant others and within the group as a whole. I know that Chris and Gabby have included you as a bedmate and Chris has mentioned about formally including you in a polyamory agreement. I also know that Greg would be very happy about that as he has already talked about luring you to our bed." Greg blushed slightly, but did not comment. "So I was wondering, firstly, if you would like to be formally inducted into our polyamory agreement, with specific attachment to Chris and Gabby's partnership, and secondly if anyone would have any objections to this. I realise that we've only known Becks for a short time, but so far she has proved herself to be a wonderful team member. So what do you all think of this proposal? Firstly, Becks, would you like this to happen?"
"Oh, yes please," replied Becks, with tears forming in her eyes. "I have never felt as welcomed as I have by you all. Thank you all so very, very much. I would be deeply honoured to become part of the group and to join Chris' and Gabby's polyamory group, so long as you are all happy for this to happen."
For several minutes they all discussed this proposal, everyone agreeing that from what they had seen so far, Becks was a great team member and would be an asset to the group as a whole.
"I do have one question," said David, "It's such a short time since Becks arrived and she has a few problems with her old life, not least being her missing daughter. I wonder if she has thought about what would happen if her daughter was returned to her or if the whole situation changed. I don't know about the rest of you, but I think we need to just have a look at what would happen if Becks wanted out of the relationship for any reason."
"Well, it's not as though it was a proper legally binding marriage," replied Greg, "So it wouldn't need a legal divorce with all the time consuming details and money consuming lawyers. Can we not simply deal with any situation that comes up if and when it comes up? I do realise that we have to be aware of precedents, but surely we can be flexible in our dealings with people, especially people who are as invaluable as Becks."
Again the group discussed the situations which could arise, using as examples Julie, Trudi and Todd in the situations where these people may choose to leave the group. It would be more difficult for Dana and Gabby to cut ties completely because they had unbreakable familial ties. The consensus was reached that just as members could be inducted, they could also leave if they wished to or, with the agreement of all others in the group, they could be asked to leave.
That having been decided, it was agreed unanimously that Sunday afternoon would be Becks' induction into the group as a whole and into Chris' and Gabby's partnership in particular. They also decided that since this induction would take place in the Dungeon, it would be a good time have another Dungeon play afternoon, which was greeted by smiles of anticipation all round.
Marcie then went on to detail the plans for this evening's strip show, which was to be along the same lines of last week's as this was mainly catering for those people who were unable to attend the previous one due to overbookings.
"I was wondering," said Becks, "If it would be possible for someone to start teaching me about pole dancing and stripping please. As I am to be part of this group, I would like to take part in the strip show and also to be available for servicing private clients. I think in that respect I have all the relevant training and equipment," she added with a laugh.
"Good idea," replied Marcie. "Dana, Julie, Trudi, Gabby, do any or all of you wish to become Becks' strip and pole dance teacher? She should also be taught the routines for the private rooms and for supervising women on the Sybian. So there's quite a lot to learn. Whereas you have learned it gradually, Becks has to learn it all at once, so it will be pretty intense for a while. Is that OK with you Becks?"
Becks nodded. "That's fine. I'll look forward to it."
The other four girls huddled together, discussing available times and uni commitments for a few minutes.
"We'll do the task as a group and work out a timetable for you," Dana told Becks. "I'll give you your first lesson after lunch."
"Thank you so much," replied Becks, looking forward to it eagerly.
"In that case," Marcie said, "Before lunch I'll give you a rundown of procedures for dealing with clients in private rooms. That way you'll be able to have some clients tonight if you wish."
"Oh yes please," enthused Becks.
"Right, so lunch will be at 1pm, dinner at 5pm today," said Marcie. "I'm guessing you all know what you each need to do in the free time you have till then. Remember that if you wish to use any of the facilities feel free to do so. Remember you also need to check any special requests from pre-booked private clients so that you have the necessary equipment and clothing either on or available. I think we have a guy who wants to fuck a nurse tonight and another who wishes to be caned, so make sure you check out the pre-books. Becks, can you come with me and I'll give you a rundown on procedures."
The breakfast meeting dissolved and everyone went to what they were required to do, needed to do or wished to do. Marcie took Becks upstairs to teach her what she needed to know to attend to private clients. Greg and David went backstage in the show room to prepare equipment and clothing for the show, Todd, Chris, Dana, Gabby, Trudi and Julie went to do uni work and Pam tidied and cleaned the show room, office and house.
As arranged, the show was an almost identical repeat of opening night with a capacity crowd of enthusiastic people. Becks began the evening as an usher, showing people to their seats and serving drinks. She had chosen an outfit which looked like the stereotypical harem girl's dress, brief black halter neck top tied under her breasts with sheer gold baggy pants held by elastic low on her hips and around her ankles. The crotch of her pants was held together by press studs, which clients soon found opened easily. They also found that, true to form, she had no panties on underneath. She quickly gathered copious tips from a very touchy feely crowd.
Part way through the show Marcie told her that she had several bookings, presumably from those who wanted to bit more than a touch or a feel.
Becks' first client was a businessman in his thirties whose socialite wife had apparently decided he wasn't good enough and had left their eight year marriage. At least that was his story, undoubtedly hers would be different. What he did have was a large hard cock which he used to good effect once he had stripped her of her harem outfit, she had stripped him of his clothing, they had showered together, and then ended up on the bed with him fucking her hard in the missionary position. He came quickly, the earlier visual stimulation combining with Becks' sensual presence to push him over the edge. He appeared a little glum, telling Becks that he never came more than once a day so it was over.
Becks would have none of that. She carefully removed his condom and washed his cock, then stimulated him orally while playing with his balls, encouraging him to play with her breasts. Much to his surprise he became hard again. Becks rolled another condom onto his erect cock, rolled him on his back and straddled him, riding him hard to a second crashing orgasm, at which time she also came hard. They lay together for a few minutes until the two minute buzzer, when she removed his condom covered cock and they dressed. He was amazed that he had cum twice in such a short time, giving her a large tip and promising to return.
Well, thought Becks, if that's what being a whore is about, seems like fun to me. I'm certainly in the right job. She returned downstairs to serve drinks until her next client.
Becks second client for the evening was a middle-aged pot-bellied guy who straight away acted like a bully. No sooner was the door shut than he threw her onto the bed, pulling off her pants, and pulling down his trousers and undershorts. He would have mounted her then and there but Becks twisted away.
"You must wear a condom, honey, you know the rules."
He tried to object but Becks was insistent, running her hands over his legs to calm him down, then standing and pressing her body against his to kiss him. He held her tightly, nibbling at her neck, then started to cry.
"Sweetheart, what's the matter?" asked Becks.
"It's so long since anyone held me like that," he replied, "My wife died many years ago and all the women I've been with since were repulsed by my pot belly. I had to force myself onto them, they wouldn't hold me or kiss me. You're so wonderful. Thank you."
"Well, if you let me put a condom on your lovely penis, then I'll let you push your large cock into my tiny pussy. Would you like that?"
"Oh, yes. Please do it."
Becks rolled a condom onto his average sized cock then asked, "How would you like me?"
"I want to be in charge, so on your back, girl, legs spread wide."
Becks removed his shirt and singlet, and her top, and lay down, opening her arms invitingly for her client. He lay on her, nearly crushing her, she thought as she kept smiling. Clumsily and with no foreplay he pushed his cock into her cunt and started rutting like a bull, obviously trying to cum as soon as possible.
"Hey, slow down, it's not a race," she whispered in his ear, giving it a nibble at the same time.
He slowed and Becks was able to establish a more gentle rhythm, during which she used her cunt muscles to massage his cock. He obviously liked this, and slowed down still further to better feel these new sensations. After about ten more minutes of this he sped up, screwed up his face, closed his eyes and came. Becks waited until he relaxed once again, allowing her to breathe, then stroked his back and spoke gently to him.
"Well done, darling, wasn't that wonderful. See how much better it is if you take it slowly."
"Yes, it was wonderful. Where were you when I needed a wife all those years ago? Was it good for you to sweetie?"
"Oh yes, it was wonderful," she lied.
They kissed, then he rolled off, she removed the condom and they dressed and left the room, Becks with another large tip. Oh well, maybe this job did have its downsides after all, but it sure allowed her to practice her tact.
Her final client was a young guy who was there with his wife. His wife wanted to watch her husband fuck a whore. Becks wondered why she wanted to do that and asked her, but she actually didn't know herself except that she thought it would be hot to have as a memory when they made love together.
He fucked her quickly, almost seeming to be embarrassed to have his wife watching. Once he had finished, Becks decided to involve his wife further.
"Would you like to have a little play too?" Becks asked her.
"Ooohh, maybe," she replied noncommittally.
Becks started by stripping her of her clothes then gently laying her on the bed, spreading her legs and then firstly fingering her pussy then performing cunnilingus on her clit.
"Oooohhhh, that's so nice," she said as she writhed under Becks' tongue.
Becks added a finger, then two, in her cunt as she approached her orgasm, with her husband squeezing her nipples. She came hard, thrashing about on the bed for a few moments then relaxing.
"That was sooo nice," she said to Becks, "Thank you so much. I really needed that."
The buzzer went and they all dressed, leaving Becks a big tip for the unexpected extras.
By early morning the show was over and Becks had been able to clean up much of the room before heading off to bed. Gabby was already there, having finished her five clients earlier, while Chris and Todd had a late booking for an orgy scene with four women.
"How was your evening," asked Gabby.
"Reasonably good," replied Becks, then told her in outline about her three clients. "How was yours?"
"So-so," she replied, "Had a fun guy who ignored my pussy, just wanted to cum between my breasts. Another one didn't want to fuck at all, said he was impotent, he just wanted to stimulate me until I was nearly ready to cum, then hold me there until the buzzer, not letting me cum. I felt so frustrated."
"So did you cum at all tonight?"
"No. Right now I'm feeling horny as hell. Do you want to help me?"
"Ooohhh, yes please," replied an enthusiastic Becks. "We could do each other. I'm sure Chris won't be up to much after his orgy."
Becks and Gabby got into position on the bed for a 69 session, each bringing the other to an orgasm quickly, then continuing the stimulation to gently approach their second orgasms, which were far more satisfying for them both.
"Oooohhh, that was wonderful. Your tongue is divine," said Gabby.
"Yours was just great too. It felt so loving and relaxing, a lot different than being done by a guy. They don't really know the best places, eh."
"No they don't. Maybe we need to train Chris. That could be fun. Could end up a stage act even."
"Oooohhh yes, I'd like that. I love showing off my body and having sex in public."
They cuddled together and drifted off to sleep. Chris arrived sometime later and climbed into bed beside his sleeping partners, who did not wake up, thinking how lucky he was to have such wonderful bedmates. He also slept peacefully, fully satiated from his orgy and his feeling of contentment with life.
Sunday brunch was flapjacks cooked on the barbeque beside the spa pool while everyone was in the pool except for David, who was cooking. They shared their experiences from the previous evening and everyone agreed that the show and the whole business was a success in all possible ways.
"So this afternoon," announced Marcie, "We can meet in the Dungeon at 2pm. First item on the agenda is Becks' induction and after that we can play with whatever for as long as we like. Remember, however, that we all need to be fit for clients again tomorrow evening, so if you're doing things to each other make sure there'll be no big bruises or skin damage showing by then."
"What sort of things do you guys do there that would leave those marks?" asked Becks.
"Well, they could include welts from whipping or caning, holes from needles, pins or staples, bruising from clips. You could very well have a bruised cervix from this afternoon, which is a bit sore but at least it won't be seen by clients. You could also have a few holes in you depending on what else you do this afternoon."
"Oh, I see. I don't know how I deal with pain so it will be interesting to find out."
"If you like," said Julie, "If you want to share pain sessions I love pain, at least, I think I still do."
"OK, I'll remember that," replied Becks.
"I thought I used to as well," said Dana, "Until I met Julie. Be careful what you agree to, Becks."
Julie made a face at Dana, then grinned.
The banter continued around the warm pool while they ate their flapjacks and maple syrup. Then they emerged to grab drinks and, when ready and still naked, go down to the Dungeon.
When they were all assembled, David produced the paperwork for signing. Becks signed to say that she was part of the partnership with Gabby and Chris, they signed to say they accepted Becks, everyone signed as witnesses and to say that the large group accepted Becks as a member.
"Now for the induction," said Dana, who had been asked by Marcie to supervise. "Come over to this ram please Becks."
Becks walked to the ram and Dana took out the twelve inch tapered dildo from the cupboard. She showed it to Becks.
"You've got to be kidding me," she said.
"No, we're not. That goes into your cunt, all of it. All the women here have had this so you can too."
"OK, whatever it takes," said a resigned Becks.
Dana attached it to the ram then lubricated it, then lubricated Becks' pussy.
"It's really not so bad," she said encouragingly, "Remember to use the safe word if you really need to." Then raising her voice a bit, "The safe word for today is watermelon."
Dana attached the sideways roller skates to Beck's feet
"What do they do?" asked Becks.
"You'll find out soon enough," replied Dana. "Stand over the dildo."
Becks moved into position clumsily, holding onto Dana's shoulder. Dana started the dildo upwards and Becks felt the small end spreading her cunt lips and slipping inside.
"Oooohhhh, that feels quite nice," she said.
"Yes, it's quite good, to start with."
Dana continued raising the dildo until approximately eight inches were inside Becks. Becks could feel the tension as the increasing diameter of the dildo forced her lips apart.
"OK, that's far enough I think."
"So does that mean I'm inducted?" asked Becks.
"Not for a while longer. Just stay there for a bit while we watch. Enjoy."
Becks quickly realised her predicament. The pain of keeping her feet as close as possible to the ram pole started to tell on her leg muscles. Her feet wanted to slide apart on the skates so it was a constant struggle to hold them together. After a while she gave up a little, allowing her feet to move apart and feeling the dildo move further into her open cunt. She quickly tried to pull her feet together but realised she didn't have the strength in her sore muscles to do that. Now they were further apart, it was also harder to even hold them stationary. Inevitably they slid sideways again. She felt herself drop further onto the dildo, impaling herself deeper. She saw that her feet were quite wide apart and that she had reached the widest part of the dildo. She felt the rubber cup on the end press against her cervix. She wriggled so that the rubber cup went alongside her cervix, too sore, so wriggled back so it again pressed onto her sensitive organ. Her leg muscles were killing her. She relaxed slightly and felt her feet slip, her cunt slide down the dildo and the pressure increase on her cervix. She felt she couldn't take this much more. Should she relax? Should she use the safe word? Her legs slipped apart a little more and she felt the dildo enter more and her clit press against the shield at the bottom of the dildo. The pressure on her cervix was incredible, the pain terrific. She relaxed, dropping the final tiny amount to rest on the shield.
"Watermelon! Watermelon!" she cried.
Immediately Dana was there supporting her and she felt the pressure decrease and pain abate. Somebody lowered the dildo and she was carried onto the bed, where the skates were removed.
"Whew, that was some test," she said.
Everyone congratulated her and welcomed her into the group. She reached down and felt her pussy; her cunt was huge and wide open.
""Don't worry about it," said Dana, noting her concern, "It shrinks back again quickly."
"A good time for the guys to fuck her if they want to," suggested Marcie.
"Sounds good to me," replied Todd, rolling her onto her back and lying on top of her. He moved to position himself and then thrust his cock into her cunt.
"It's too big," he complained, "I can't touch the sides. It's like fucking fresh air."
Everyone, including Becks, laughed.
"You'll be first on my list after it's returned to normal size," Becks told him.
"While it's like this, we can have a little bit of fun with the speculum if you like," said Marcie.
She brought several specula over to show what they were and how they could be used.
"Normally we would start with a small one, but because Becks is still huge we'll use a large one. You simply insert the pointed blades into her cunt like this." Becks felt the plastic ends going into her cunt deeply, almost to her cervix. "Then you squeeze the handles. They lock into position at the desired opening."
Becks felt the speculum blades push her cunt walls apart and saw that Marcie could then remove her hand and the blades stayed in place.
"So what is it used for?" asked Chris.
"It's used for doctors to examine the cervix and inside the vagina," replied Marcie. "However, we can use it for more devious things. I'll show you. Becks, is it OK if I demonstrate some of the things we can do with this?"
"Yes, of course," answered Becks, without really thinking about it.
Marcie collected some items from a cupboard.
"I have here a small piece of pipe, three inches in diameter. If I now squeeze the speculum a bit more we can enlarge the size to about four inches," she did this as she was speaking, Becks wincing in pain, "Then we can slip this pipe inside like this." Marcie pushed the pipe into Becks' cunt. "Now we can remove the speculum and we have her cunt being held open. How does that feel, Becks?"
"There's no real pain, it just feels, well, wide open."
"One of the things we have to be careful of is that the mucus membranes stay moist. If they dry out that is not a good thing from a health viewpoint. We can place objects inside her cunt now, basically whatever we wish. I have here some glass marbles which I will fill Becks' cunt with."
Marcie poured a container filled with about half inch diameter glass marbles into Becks' wide open cunt.
"Now, if we want to play a bit more we could have heated or cooled the marbles. We could also have used ice cubes if we'd wanted to. It's probably not a good idea to use liquids while she's lying on her back because that would probably end up in her uterus, which may cause infection. Now, if Becks stands up and we put the container under her as she does so, the marbles will come out."
They did this and Becks was once again empty.
"We can also take a water balloon," Marcie got one from the cupboard, "Then fill it with water or air and insert it. We'll use air this time as we have that. Water is more fun because then you remove the pipe and then see how long they can hold the water-filled balloon inside them. Good training for cunt muscles."
Marcie blew into the balloon until it was slightly bigger than the pipe then tied it off. She then pushed it through the pipe into Becks' cunt.
"Now, while holding it there, we remove the pipe."
Marcie did this and immediately Becks' cunt lips contracted to about half their size, holding the balloon inside her.
"We can now leave that there as long as we like, within reason. Maybe up to a couple of hours I guess."
Marcie helped Becks to stand up.
"How does that feel now?"
"It feels a lot like I've just had a baby," she laughed. "It's not sore or anything, I just feel full."
"So if it was a water-filled balloon you'd be struggling to hold it in because of the weight. Of course, we can continue the fun." She turned to the group. "Remember those blow darts we used a while ago? Well, we could tie Becks to the bed, legs wide apart, then shoot blow darts at her pussy to try to pop the balloon. Can we do that please Becks?"
"Yes, if you wish to."
She lay back down then was tied to the bed. Her face was covered to protect her eyes. Everyone was given a blowgun and some darts and they stood back and started firing these at Becks' spread legs. Becks immediately realised the situation; when the darts missed the balloon, as they did, they stuck into her, giving her a series of pinpricks which, while not too painful, were certainly very uncomfortable.
"Ouch! Ouch!" she kept crying as dart after dart stuck into her tender pussy. When one lodged in her clit she let out a wail.
"Aaaarrrrgggghhhh! It's in my clit. It hurts. Take it out. Take it out."
Nobody did because there was no safe word, they simply chuckled and kept shooting. Eventually a dart hit the balloon and it burst, deflating Becks' cunt and the game was over. Marcie carefully removed the darts and rubbed antiseptic cream on the tiny holes, and also removed the deflated balloon from her cunt.
"Thank you, Becks. Are you OK now?"
"Yes. That one in my clit really hurt. I'll be a bit more careful what I volunteer for from now on."
"I agree. That was one of the lessons Julie learned early on as well."
Everyone went off to play with the gear, several trying out the specula, with Todd even going so far as to put some ice cubes into Julie's cunt, then remove the speculum, leaving her to drip as the ice melted. He then fucked her frozen cunt, commenting that it was very arousing being in something that cold. Julie suggested, good-naturedly, he could freeze his cock if he wanted that experience again.
Several people asked Todd to demonstrate his whip skills again, as he did during the show. He asked Becks if she would be his partner for this and, with slight hesitation, she agreed. He tied her to the whipping frame and then clipped nipple clips to her nipples and pussy lips. Becks had never felt their bite before and noticed that they hurt when they went on but then she quickly got used to them.
Todd then got his favourite single-tailed stock whip and cracked it a few times for effect. He then measured the distance by eye and flicked the whip under Becks' left arm, then under her right arm, each stroke missing her by a tiny amount. Becks flinched each time. He then aimed for the clip on her right nipple, made his stroke, and watched in satisfaction as the clip went flying accompanied by a cry from Becks as it was pulled off her nipple. He repeated the process on her left nipple clip.
He then lined up on the clips on her lips, removing each clip in turn, with Becks crying out as the sharp pain accompanied the removal. Once it was all over, he untied Becks and thanked her.
"How was that?" he asked.
"Well, I guess you know that when each clip comes off it hurts like hell, but I got used to it, I guess."
"Would you be interested in doing that on the stage?"
"Oh yes," she replied without hesitation, thinking of the thrill she would have displaying her body to the crowd.
"And the last part of the act is that I fuck you on stage. Would that be OK?"
Another jolt of excitement went through her at the thought of being watched by all those people.
"Of course. I would certainly expect you to make me cum once at least, maybe several times."
"OK, we'll write it in for next Saturday then. Now, it's only fair, what would you like to do to me?"
Becks thought for a second, reaching down and holding his balls.
"I'd like to crush these balls to pulp," she said menacingly.
"Oh. Well, you may certainly crush them, but I don't think the rules would allow you to crush them to pulp. Dana and Trudi would probably be a little upset, to put it mildly. However, how would you like me?"
"Could you please come over to the frame and I'll tie you in there so you can't escape."
Becks tied Todd's wrists and ankles to the frame, then had a look in the drawers and cupboards. She found the spool of rubber rope and several shorter pieces, so removed a piece several feet long and returned to Todd.
She took hold of his balls gently, pulling them down into the bottom of his scrotum while warming them with her hands to allow the scrotum to relax and stretch. She then began winding the rubber tightly around his ball sac starting at the top and working downwards. As the skin tightened it became shiny until there was only a very small amount that was not wound in rubber. Todd was grimacing with pain from the crushing his balls were suffering but Becks was sure that he could take a lot more. She also noticed that Julie was observing and had set the timer as the rubber had cut off the blood supply to Todd's balls and Julie, for one, did not want him to end up a eunuch. Becks tied off the end of the rubber then asked Todd how he felt.
"Well, they're not too painful," he replied.
"OK, so let's change that," said Becks, unfastening his wrists and ankles from the frame and fastening his wrists behind his back.
She found another piece of rubber and looped this around the end of the rubber wrapped sausage that was his scrotum, taking both ends between his arse cheeks and around his hips to tie in front of him just above his pubic bone. This stretched his balls tightly between his legs.
"Now, come with me," she instructed and led him to the ram. She had earlier noticed the bicycle seat in the cupboard and the attachment beneath that which fitted the top of the ram. She fitted the seat to the ram then positioned Todd over the seat, tying his ankles to the supports at floor level. She then raised the seat until it was contacting his balls. Watching his face and ankles closely, she very slowly raised the seat between his legs, allowing his balls to begin supporting some of his weight. His face was screwed up in pain and she noticed he was starting to stand on tip toe to reduce the weight on his balls. That was enough, she decided.
"I think I'll just leave you there for a while," she said as she stepped back and observed her victim.
Todd began struggling a little, shifting his weight from one foot to the other as he tried to ease his painful calf muscles which were taking his weight. Slowly and inevitably he would sink lower, the pain showing on his face as his weight crushed his balls, forcing a greater effort from his calf muscles to take more of his weight. The cycle repeated several times; each time he sank lower and remained there longer, sucking up the pain. The timer dinged. Playtime was over.
Becks lowered the ram, untied the rubber and unwound his scrotum. She reached up and gave him a kiss and hug.
"No hard feelings?" she asked.
"Absolutely no hard feelings, you little witch," he replied grinning. "That really hurt. However, I guess that was what I expected. Thank you, sweetheart. Is it my turn now?"
"OK, if you like."
Todd led her to the frame where he had recently been tied up and took a square piece of wood from a cupboard.
"Do you know what this is?" he asked.
"No idea," replied Becks.
"This type of torture was used during the Inquisition many centuries ago when they were looking for witches. The philosophy then was that if the torture killed the woman she wasn't a witch, but if it didn't kill the woman then she must be a witch so they killed her. Sounds like idiotic logic to us now, but it was very real then. So back then they would construct a wooden horse and the woman had to 'ride' that. The top had a very sharp edge and when the woman put her weight on that it would press onto her sex saddle and clit, causing intense pain. I guess after a while it would kill the person or something or someone else would. So this beam gets suspended in the frame and you are placed over it with your legs spread and your feet just touching the ground, like I was. Ready for that?"
"I guess so."
Todd set up the beam and then placed a box on the floor so that Becks could straddle the beam with her tender parts clear of it. He tied her wrists to the frame at about shoulder level, making it difficult for her to take much weight on her arms. He removed the box and she stood with her feet flat on the floor. Todd then attached ropes to each ankle and took them to the side poles of the frame, pulling her ankles out so that she was slowly lowered onto the beam. Instinctively she stood on tip toe and Todd tied her ankles in such a position that when on tip toe she was just clear of the beam.
"There you are," he grinned, "Have a pleasant ride."
He walked away. Becks had a few moments to look around the room at the others. Quite a few were watching her, anticipating the pain she was about to feel. Others were involved in their own sexually oriented activities. What an amazing sight, thought Becks before being brought back to reality with a jolt as her left calf muscle started to cramp a little. Oh, no, not cramp, she thought, repositioning herself to take more weight on her right leg. She lowered herself slightly, letting her sex saddle contact the beam more firmly to remove weight off her legs. The pain was instant and intense. She gritted her teeth as it hit, waiting for it to decrease, as it did very slowly.
Todd untied her wrists from the beams and pulled her forwards, retying her wrists to the end of the beam.
"That should change things a little," he said with a smile. He gave her a kiss.
With the change in position Becks again experimented to see how it would feel if she lowered herself onto the beam. Instant, amazing pain as her clit was pressed hard against the sharp edge of the beam. She immediately raised herself again, causing excruciating pain as her left calf muscle cramped up again. She tried to relax it but the cramp stayed this time. She had to take her weight off the leg, so she did, feeling the agony of her crushed clit and sex saddle against the beam. She almost used the safe word, then gritted her teeth and bore the pain as it washed over her. She felt the pain changing, becoming more sensual; she started to feel horny for some reason which she couldn't work out. Her clit wanted stimulation, even though it was in intense pain. She lifted her legs slightly, increasing the pain, increasing the horniness. Omigod, she thought, I'm about to cum! She moved her hips on the beam slightly, agony turning to ecstasy, moved again, all her weight now on the beam, she felt herself sweating, her clit sending confused signals to her brain and in the midst of the most painful experience of her life she came hard, screaming her lungs out.
"Aaaarrrrrgggghhhhh!!!! Oooohhhhh, I'm cummmmingggg, It's agony! Oooohhhh, watermelon, watermelon, ooooohhhhh, get me off, get me off now please."
Immediately Todd lifted her, taking the weight off the beam as Dana lowered the beam. Several people helped to untie her and then carry her to the bed.
"Whew, that was so intense," she said as she recovered. "How does my clit and pussy look?"
She spread her legs and Marcie conducted an examination.
"There's a small amount of bruising and abrasion but otherwise it all looks good. That was an amazing performance you gave. Julie and Dana can also change intense pain to sexual arousal and cum like you did. Feel like doing that on stage one night?"
"Oooohhhh, probably not, certainly not right now. That was so painful. My leg cramped up so I had to put my weight on my sex saddle and clit, and you saw the result. I could probably have lasted lots longer without the cramp."
"Well, that happens sometimes. Main thing is that you're fine and had an amazing, though painful, experience. Well done."
Becks sat up and many of the group have her hugs and kisses.
Shortly afterwards people had finished and drifted up to the hot spa pool to soak and relax, sharing their experiences and chatting generally. Todd and Dana went off to prepare dinner, after which everyone sat around the dining room table and ate, chatting long after the meal ended and relaxing during their only free evening in a week. Everyone retired to bed early for sleep or love making.
Becks cuddled down with Chris and Gabby.
"It was really amazing to watch you cum on the beam," commented Chris. "Do you still feel horny?"
Becks gave him a playful punch on the arm. "Here I nearly killed my clit and all you want to do is fuck me!" she said. "Just one question, have you ever known me to not be horny?"
Chris didn't know whether he had offended her or not, so answered truthfully, "No."
"Then come here lover, give it to me, but gently."
Chris smiled, all was well with the world, he thought. He turned her onto her back and gently entered her moist cunt, stopping before he reached the end so he wouldn't crush her bruised clit.
"Thank you, lover," she whispered in his ear.
While Chris fucked her, Gabby squeezed her nipples and kneaded her breasts until very quickly she came, thrashing around on the bed and wanting Chris to push it all in, which he did, causing pain to her clit which brought her to a still higher plateau. Slowly she wound down, slowing her breathing and relaxing in Chris' loving embrace.
"Thank you, darling. You were so sweet and gentle. It was wonderful."
Chris withdrew, and rolled over for Gabby to impale herself on his still rigid cock.
"Looks like you need to cum," she observed as she started a slow, but increasingly intense ride on his cock, feeling her clit alternately pressed and released by his pubic bone. She closed her eyes, focussing on their connection, bringing them both closer. Becks watched the two lovers and reached up to squeeze Gabby's nipples and caress her breasts as she had for her. Their pace increased, both were gasping for air and then Chris yelled "I'm cummmingggg! Omigod, omigod, it feels so wonderful, oooohhhh darling, cum with me!"
Gabby went over the edge as she felt Chris' hot sperm shoot into her cunt. Her clit sent spasms of ecstasy to her brain and she went rigid, cumming hard, then slowly relaxing as she felt Chris also relax.
They stayed connected as they lay down together, sharing kisses and cuddles between themselves and with Becks. Gabby drifted off to sleep, followed by Chris. Becks watched them for the few minutes she took to go to sleep, her last thought being what a fantastically lucky woman she was to have found such a loving and accepting mega-family and such wonderful bedmates.