Walter looked at Martha he apologized for touching her the way he did, but he could not control himself, she looked so good standing there with her womanly charms exposed.
She was still between his legs with her legs spread touching his and she said using the words that Mark told her to, "Any time you want to examine me you can." She was blushing to the roots of her light brown hair, as she said this.
Getting the green light, Walter placed both his hands on the inside of Martha's legs and starting at her knees, he brought his hands up slowing to the juncture of her legs, so both hands where touching her overheated womanhood. He used the thumb on one hand to rub her clit and moved the middle finger of his other hand into her moist vaginal opening. She had a orgasm as soon as his middle finger was inserted all the way in her and was on the way out. Her little nub of a clit was as hard as a rock. Martha's knees buckled and she had to lean back on the deck, using her arms to hold her body up.
The room smelled of her arousal and poor Walter had a wet spot on his dress pants, good thing he had an in suite bathroom in his office or he would have been the joke of the Distribution center, a woman got him so aroused he came in his pants, they did not know he received permission to finger her. After Martha came down from her after orgasm high, she looked down at Walter's slacks.
She blushed and said, "I'm sorry." She reached out and pulled down his zipper releasing his spent cock and retrieving some Kleenex from the top of his desk and cleaned him up the best she could. By the time she finished he was becoming aroused again as she put him back and zipped him up."
Walter said, "Thank you for making my day."
Martha was told as she left the manager's office to go back to her's.
At supper time a few of the men with Mark went to her office she usually eats alone in her office, but the men wanted her to eat with them tonight. She was going to say no, but she looked at Mark, noticing he was not happy with her.
Martha said, "I will go with you to the lunch room."
They had lunch in the company lunch room a few of the men were looking at her legs and caught a glimpse of her exposed pubic hair through the gap in her button down dress, as she put her foot over the seat of the picnic table. She had a very good time with the men laughing with them. Work was becoming a pleasure these last few weeks she thought.
The shift was uneventful and before she knew it, quitting time was upon her. Accomplishing all she set out to tonight and Martha was beginning to like her job more than she has in a long time. She was looking forward to coming to work more and the company of the men working with her.
Walking to Mark's car there were 3 men waiting at his car for him. He came out a few minutes later telling Martha Fred, Tom and Jack about needing a ride home tonight as the man they ride with became sick and had to go home early. Mark looking at Martha he could see she was upset there were more riders, but Mark had an idea he could talk Martha into exposing herself in front of these other men. They were all in the office Mark was working in and he was they're boss. Two of the men were Martha's age and one was older than her.
Mark opened the front door of the car for Martha and the other 3 entered the back seat. Starting on their way and for the first few minutes they were talking about the easiest way to travel to drop off the other 3 men as they live a little out of the way for Mark after their route was figured out all was quite in the car for a little while as each were in their own world.
The three men in the back seat living a little closer than Mark and Martha. They said, "It must be a boring ride for you guys."
Mark said, "We have a way to make it fun."
Martha was looking at Mark and mouthing. 'No!" And turning red.
They asked him, "What do you do have a game you play?"
Mark said, "Sort of."
"We would like to know what it is, so maybe we can play it on the way to work also." The young men said smiling.
Martha was getting stressed presently, she did not want everyone to know what she was doing with Mark and definitely did not want her husband to find out. Not paying any attention to Martha's expression.
Mark said, "They would have to promise not to say anything to anyone and we will show you the game."
Martha could feel herself getting light headed will he order her to expose herself to these men tonight? They all agreed to keep the game secret.
Mark said, "I will fire all of you if I hear a word at the center, about our game as only Martha and I play it."
It was another 10 minutes before Mark was sure the men would not reveal the game Mark and Martha play while commuting to and from work.
Mark looked at Martha and said. "Martha, it's time to get comfortable as you do on the way home."
Martha did not want to do this in front of the other men, but she did not want the game to end either.
You could see Martha was weighting what she was going to do very carefully. Once she removes her clothes, with these men in the car, she cannot go back and was not entirely sure these men, she hardly knew could be trusted, but she wanted to continue the game, so she unbuttoned her dress. She gave it to the men in the back seat and then removed her bra, she was not wearing any panties, so she was completely nude in front of 4 men 3 of which she only knew in passing in the hall of the place she worked.
Martha was nude and sitting front with her legs closed modestly one hand covering her pubic hair and one arm crossing over her breast.
Mark looking at her from time to time said to one of the men in the back. "Martha has a pillow she uses when she rides with me."
They gave her the pillow.
She said to Mark, "You really want me to expose myself to them as I do with you?"
"Why do you think I had them give you the Pillow?" He said.
Reluctantly, she put the pillow at the door and put one of her legs against the seat and the other on the floor, to spread her legs, so Mark and the two other men in the back could see her pussy. The man in back of her could only see her breasts, he had to move toward the middle to see her pussy. The men in the back seat were complaining, they had a bad angle to see her.
Mark decided to play another game with them he said. Let's play trivia I am going to ask a question whoever answers the questions correctly will get to see her.
Two men in the back seat who answered correctly would get to see Martha up close, but they could not have sex with her, only manually explore her feminine flesh.
Martha did not know how this was going to be done, as she was in the front seat and they were in the back. The game was on and Mark had Martha as the referee to decide if the men in the back answered the questions correctly. It took another 5 minutes, when she decided Fred and Jack were the winners.
This is when Mark revealed the rest of the game, as he pulled into a rest area. "Tom, you will get in the front seat and Martha is going to get in the back seat with the two other men, sitting between them."
"How am I going to get in the back seat?" She asked Mark.
"How else," He said, "You go outside and get in the back seat with them."
She could not believe, she was really going to get out of the car nude to get into the back seat. Cautiously looking around to make sure there were no other people around she slipped out of the car and before she could get into the back seat.
Mark said, "You have to put your hands on the car and spread your legs for Tom to manually inspect your body before you enter the back seat."
She shivered not from cold, but from the anticipation of having a man she didn't know touch her and most likely intimately, before he was done.
She started to put her hands on the side of the car, so there will be some protection, if someone came into the rest area.
Mark told her, "Go to the front of the car and put your hands on the hood." He left the lights on to illuminate her exposure.
Martha unwillingly and very cautiously walked to the front of the car she was bathed in light the 3 men in the car could see her breasts, as she was outside during the daytime. Tom followed her and as she put her hands on the hood she spread her legs right away, so she could get this inspection over with, before they were caught by someone.
Tom on the other hand, forgot he was outside and the only thing he had on his mind is to savor the manual inspection of this lovely mature lady. He started at her shoulders and brought his hand down her back to her bottom, then brought his hands around her sides to massage' her breasts taking his time, until her nipples were two hard buttons, hard enough to cut glass. When Tom brought his hand down between her legs, she was dripping her excitement on the ground, which humiliated her terribly.
She was trying to rub herself off on his hand, as he was fingering her. A car starting to turn off the highway into the rest area, causing Tom and Martha to hurriedly get into the car: Tom in the front and Martha in the rear in the center with the two men. She was shaking she was so scared and turned on. There was the hump in the middle of the back seat so Martha had to sit very unladylike with on foot on each side of it. She was so excited she unconsciously was playing with her nipples, with one hand and rubbing her pussy, with the other inserting her finger in her wet pussy right in front of all the men. They could not believe their good luck to ride home with a sexy woman like her. Most of the men knew her in passing but did not know how sexy she was they thought she was very modest and shy.
Mark fixed the rearview mirror on her overheated pussy and the other three men watched her rub her pussy and breast. She spread her legs very wide not caring there were 4 men watching her exhibition. She had just about her whole hand in her pussy when she came on her hand, just as she finished her third orgasm.
Mark said, "Your stop is coming up." He pulled over to let the 3 men out.
They reluctantly exited the car asking, "Could we ride with you again sometime as two of us didn't get a chance to inspect Martha thoroughly."
Both Martha and Mark said, "We will see what they can do."
The three men exited the car. Martha leisurely exited the back seat and entered the front seat, she waved to the men as they continued on their way. She has become very used to her public nudity and really enjoyed her exposure. They rode in silence the other 15 minute as Martha put the pillow on the door when after she entered the car and leaned back with her legs spread and her very red pussy on view and she absentmindedly stroked her pussy.
Getting to her neighborhood Mark said, "I think you should dress."
She decided she would just go into the house nude as she needed to get undressed for bed anyway. When Mark stopped the car Martha looked both ways then got out. She walked at a leisurely passé to the door unlocked it and went in she could hear the television in their bedroom. Martha thought ahead this morning and left her nightie by the washing machine. She put on the little nightie it came to her pubic mound you could see her slit as she walked going up to take a shower then going to bed. Her husband was asleep and she turned off the TV and went to bed herself. She slept peacefully all night.