The first full week of my summer work, the team-building in Southern France, had already changed me from a shy 19 year old boy into a young man who had experienced the intense excitement of showing off his whole body and its sexual functions to an appreciative female audience. My new lady boss, Candice, and her female colleagues had thoroughly entertained themselves at my expense. On command, I had jacked-off in front of them and had even, on command, sucked the cock of Joe, my only male colleague. Strangely, I seemed to have discovered a new force for freedom in my life, although somewhat mixed with a subtle sense of captivity.
Joe and I had rooms at Candice's luxurious penthouse apartment in Brussels for the duration of our summer work with Cleopatra Futures. As soon as we arrived back at her apartment from the airport, Candice asked Joe and I to sit down as she poured us each a glass of sparkling rose wine. She told us that she had been giving some thought to the rest of our summer. She found us both to be very likeable boys and had been impressed by our enthusiasm and willingness to be of service to her girls this past week. In her opinion, we could be very successful. Candice told us that she knew far too many males who had not developed well. This was a sad loss to womankind.
"I am a successful business woman and you appear to me to be good investments. I would like to help both of you to develop optimally as males, physically and mentally prepared to reap the full benefits of what life has to offer to men. This summer, with my guidance and training, you will start to become complete men, free from the artificial constraints of your education and upbringing, listening to your own body and mind, and in control of your own destiny. Females will celebrate your masculinity while lesser men will be consumed with envy at your success."
"Are you still interested?"
We nodded in unison and gulped our wine, almost hypnotized by her words.
"Good. As well as continuing to work at the office, you will need to follow a healthy diet, develop your physique with the help of my personal trainer as well as develop your social skills, especially with women. You will have experiences and opportunities that will greatly benefit you for the rest of your life. However, I do have some very simple conditions."
She paused for effect.
"First, you must be very obedient. I will be in command, in and out of the office. You should never question my decisions. Also, I want you to be naked and therefore scrupulously clean whenever you are in this apartment. I will want to very closely observe your physical progress. Lastly, I will need to continue to collect your sperm each day, for a little scientific experiment of mine. Don't answer yet. First, go and take a shower. Freshen yourselves up. Then come back to me with your answer, naked or clothed."
I returned to my room, stripped and showered. The more I considered Candice's proposition, the harder my cock became. I could not stop myself stroking my cock until I became too close to the edge for comfort. It took all my willpower to stop myself. I lay on my bed and tried to calm down. The ache in my genitals was the answer to Candice's question. So I returned naked to join Candice. Joe was already sitting on the couch sipping another glass of wine exhibiting his 7-inch erection.
"Good boys! I am so happy for you both! Congratulations!"
Candice then introduced us to Maria, calling her out of the kitchen where she was preparing our dinner. She had apparently arrived while we were showering. Maria was her housekeeper. She was a shapely dark haired Mediterranean girl in her early twenties wearing a tight little black dress with white apron, the archetypal maid. We shook her hand as she made a show of looking everywhere except at our semi-erect and skinned-back cocks.
That evening Maria cooked a fantastic meal for us. It was to be the first of many at which Joe and I sat formally at the large dining table, completely naked, while Maria served us three or four courses of delicious, often unusual, but presumably very healthy food. Usually Candice joined us and occasionally, about once or twice a week, she brought a friend or two, always female. Guests would always do there best to converse in English and show genuine interest in us. We learned a lot about food, etiquette, culture and women. They were often very direct, asking us questions such as how we liked being naked around women. We both agreed that it was both stimulating and a lot of fun. Joe and I were also confronted with our own relationship. We were becoming good buddies, with a healthy interest in our bodies and physical pleasures, but we were certainly not homosexual. We liked the girls too much for that.
Almost inevitably these evenings finished with Joe and I masturbating for Candice's friends. Often we would be outside on the roof terrace enjoying the warm evening air. They would ask us to walk around, jump up and down, dance a little or stand on the table. Mostly they also caressed my shaft and balls, examining my assets at close range. Occasionally a drop of the precum would be licked away and, if I was very lucky, my whole cock head would disappear into a sweet lady's mouth. Some of their tongues were very well practiced, rotating around my corona and flicking expertly over my frenum. Candice was always in control and never let it get out of hand. The sexual activity was always manual or oral, never vaginal, and when we finally ejaculated, it was always into our waiting wine glasses. The ladies always remained clothed, although they often fingered their pussies. On a couple of occasions I assisted by working a finger or two in a soaked vagina or even sucking on a desperate clitoris.
With Maria, Joe and I had a lot of fun over the weeks trying to find out each day whether she was wearing underwear under her short maid's uniform. As the summer progressed we noticed that the frequency of her pantylessness increased. She increasingly enjoyed teasing us with flashes of her bare pussy when Candice was either not there or not looking. Or was Candice just pretending not to notice? In any case, she could hardly have missed the effect it was having on our cocks. However Candice had made it painfully clear that all her employees were off limits for us. So we looked but could not touch, although Candice seemed to have omitted to explain the same rule with her female employees.
At the office, the girls remained very forward and open with us, although we were now wearing at least some light clothes, naturally without underwear. The girls would take any opportunity to touch us and ask us to prove that our foreskins were rolled back, as "agreed". Clearly our team building exercise in France was having a lasting effect. It was all good fun!
We had fun in other places too! One afternoon, in our first week back in Brussels, Candice told us that we were going shopping. A taxi dropped us in a small street with expensive looking boutiques. We followed Candice in to one shop where she sat down on a couch at the rear of the shop near the curtained changing cubicles. She told the young lady assistant that we needed new summer outfits. Various options were presented, with Candice finally selecting some for us to try on. Most were very light thin cotton and linen trousers and shirts. We changed and presented ourselves for inspection. My lack of underwear was painfully obvious as I tried to comfortably position my half-hard cock. The other assistant had come over to help us, and an older lady, apparently the owner of the shop, had also appeared. She greeted Candice as if they were old friends. As I went to change into the next outfit, I was told to just leave the curtain open. In front of Candice and the three strangers, I probably tried about 10 different styles and designs, some loose and some very tight. I was left totally exposed between the selections. Candice finally selected a light blue, low on the hip, very tight pair of thin cotton trousers with matching shirt. In the bright shop lighting, my penis line was clearly visible. She then said that we also needed some new shorts and t-shirts. We tried several styles of shorts, from leather with zips to semi-transparent nylon. The assistants were becoming quite complementary.
"Oh. It fits so well. That looks very nice!"
Candice decided on a tight microfiber pair of red shorts for me, and a similar blue pair for Joe. However Candice thought they might be a little too tight. So to make sure that they fitted properly, Candice told us to get ourselves really hard and then to try them on again. We stood in our open cubicles, with the shorts around our ankles, stoking our cocks while Candice and the shop staff watched attentively. On command, we stopped and pulled on our new shorts to cover our excitement. I just managed to squeeze into them.
"Perfect fits! Oh dear boys, what are those dark patches on your new shorts."
We had both produced sufficient pre-cum to soak through the thin material.
Candice laughed, "Well, now we'll have to buy them!"
The shop owner was in a serious discussion in French with Candice as we finished changing out of the shorts and into our new outfits, getting ready to leave.
"Boys, you are to become famous models. Madame Dinant would like your fresh faces and sweet bodies to model for the new brochure and website of her fashion shops. She'll make the arrangements with her photographer for next week."
Our acceptance of this arrangement was taken for granted. The shop assistants thanked us with big smiles as we left. Candice then informed us that she would negotiate the financials, but could guarantee that we would be adequately rewarded if we did well.
A week later Candice, Joe and I arrived at a photography studio where we met Sylvie the world's most beautiful photographer with shortish blond hair and deep blue eyes. But she was surprisingly business-like. Madame Dinant was there with one of her assistants and several racks of clothing. It was a hot and tiring work, in and out of clothes for more than two hours. Sylvie said how much she loved our fresh young looks. They seemed to find our lack of underwear for modeling normal, at least until we reached the underwear and swimwear session. Madame Dinant explained in poor English that she also wanted a sexy underwear section for "special" men. We stood naked ready for our next outfits and posing instructions, but first the assistant had to rub some oil over our bodies. We then modeled a variety of shorts, trunks, tangas and thongs. Joe and I were being photographed separately until Sylvie instructed us to pose together, each wearing different styles of underwear. We had to put an arm around each other, then put a hand on the others waist band and stick a finger inside, pulling down slightly. Then we were given a few jockstrap-type models. We were side-by-side, arm-in-arm like in a rugby scrum. Sylvie then laughingly apologized as she rubbed more oil over our buttocks and between our legs. I twitched almost losing my balance as a felt her finger circle lightly around my anus. Sylvie photographed us from all angles, especially from below. We had to bend forward to touch our toes with our legs as wide a possible. The restraints of my borrowed jockstrap were being well tested! As we removed the jockstraps there was general amusement at our state of arousal. Two more fun styles with some different action poses and we were finished.
"Dear boys, you obviously like being models. I'll need to see if I can find more work for you!" Candice laughed.
We dressed slowly, as Sylvie watched us, seemingly deep in thought. A voice inside me told me that I would like to pose some more for Sylvie.
On our first Friday evening, Candice threw a "cocktail" party at her apartment. All the girls from the office would be there with some of Candice's other friends.
I was already taking for granted that Joe and I would be naked and this worried me a little, so to be very sure, I asked "What should we wear?"
Candice quietly and firmly replied "You know. Just follow my instructions and everything will be fine".
Around 9pm the guests started to arrive. Most of our girls arrived first. Joe and I brought around drinks and snacks, chatting casually. We were used to being naked around them. Then a couple arrived, and the man immediately stripped off his clothes in the hall and joined in as if this was perfectly natural behavior. Some older females arrived showing special interest in Joe and I. Then came 2 black men. They also immediately stripped naked and moved over to greet Candice, showing her very exaggerated respect. After an hour there were about 25 females all nicely dressed and 8 men, including us, all completely nude. The ladies were taking great pleasure in tickling and fondling the men who were all showing signs of excitement. Everyone was having a good time and the atmosphere was light and friendly. As questions were asked about our week in France and the answers became more explicit, the whole group became concentrated on Candice's descriptions of the team building exercises. She explained about how successfully her girls had developed their powers to focus on important goals. Her girls had demonstrated that with good planning and execution almost any goal was achievable. She then looked over at Joe and I.
"The girls well achieved their objective. Joe and Kevin here are the living proof. Only a few weeks ago they were full of inhibitions and quite poorly conditioned. Just look at them now. This is the power of focused team effort".
We were told to take a bow.
Then Candice announced "Kevin & Joe, my guests would now like to see the results of your training."
Our audience made space and 2 high stools were positioned side-by-side. It was not explicitly stated, but it seemed strangely logical that we should masturbate in front of this mixture of colleagues and strangers. It took about 5 minutes to work ourselves up to that pre-orgasmic level just before the point of no return. From there I could keep back my orgasm for a minute or two or let go and ejaculate within seconds. From our breathing and noises we could mutually sense where we were. We both came as good as simultaneously to appreciative applause. Just as in France, Anna and Pam were standing by with wine glasses to capture our produce. Shortly after our show, the 2 black guys sat on the stools but facing each other and masturbated, finally ejaculating over each other and rubbing each other's cum over their hard muscular bodies. By the end of the evening, all the men had cum by some variety of masturbation, solo or mutual. The ladies all remained clothed but were obviously turned-on by the performances. The men seemed to like it too!
We had been back from France about three weeks when Candice told us that the girls were coming round to the apartment to see the photographs made at the villa. We all sat around the huge wide screen TV. Joe and I were naked while the girls were all wearing variations on the theme of miniscule thongs covered by semi-transparent summer dresses. Candice pressed the remote and a picture of our villa filled the screen. The scenes moved smoothly though arrival, swimming pool frolics, boys carrying supermarket bags, dining, the beach, the nudist island, and our terrace. The whole thing was very professional. Well taken shots and perfectly edited. Here a facial close-up, there a bulging Aussie Bum. Then an erect cock, a finger in an anus, lips surrounding a penis, hairless balls, tongues in cunts, two boys 69-ing, two cocks together and close-up shots of several single and double ejaculations. My amazement was more over the quality and style of the film rather than the content. Joe's mouth hung open. The girls were flushed and fluttery, making funny comments and checking the humidity between their legs. Little Margarita could apparently handle a camcorder better than it had appeared. After the closing scene there was a flutter of applause. I automatically joined in.
"Now here is my album," said Candice.
We were each given a professionally printed booklet of photographs from Candice's Canon. The first few were team photos with everyone smiling in swimwear. Then there were a few of the girls alone. Then followed several of Joe and me naked in various poses. Finally there was a series of very close-up explicit scenes. Again the quality was amazing. The resolution, lighting, focus were perfect. The detail was fascinating. In one I could actually see the sperm in mid-air as it shot out of a cock towards the waiting wine glass. Was that mine or was it from Joe? Another showed male lips half over a cock-head above a hairless scrotum with a finger in the adjacent anus. Again I knew I was in the picture, but which bits. Another showed 2 perfect cock heads with their piss-holes exactly touching in a single drop of clear juice. My favorite was of our two identical cocks pushed together vertically with an icing of our mixed sperm. Candice, seeing some anxiety in our eyes, reassured us that these photographs would remain in our own private collections. Somehow I was not completely reassured.
At the office Candice ran a very tightly disciplined ship, but she was also extremely generous when you succeeded under her unorthodox but very effective management methods. Occasionally, there would be corporal punishments applied for our mistakes or misbehavior, sometimes individually and sometimes Joe and I together. A few times one of the girls clearly also received a whipping in Candice's office. The treatment certainly hurt. It would be just enough to mark us for a few days. But it was also very arousing. Through some strange chemistry, it also generated a strong emotional bond with Candice. I would almost call it a religious experience. Candice had become a powerful force in my life.
Once a week, the whole team went partying after work. Usually we started at a local bar with a separate room at the back where we met more friends of our girls. Candice would buy a few rounds of drinks. The girls were always very friendly and physical. They would feel us up when standing close. And occasionally I could not resist the temptation to put my hand on a breast or move a finger up a leg.
On the second week, after a couple of hours of socializing Candice commanded "Boys, stand on the table and dance for us".
We obeyed. Soon the girls were shouting for our clothes. So we improvised a little amateur strip show. We were soon very hard, feeling female hands moving up and down, as well as between, our legs. Five minutes of this and everyone was ready for more action.
"Taste the pre-cum from your cocks."
"Let's see you really cum"
"Boys, ejaculate into these glasses."
Pam and Anna were standing by. When we were finished the girls crowded around applauding our little show. Candice left shortly afterwards.
Sometimes on these evenings we ended up at some very select clubs where the clientele was mainly female. Regularly Joe and I were part of the entertainment, sometimes individually, but mostly together. We would be soaked in oil and then massage our bodies with special attention to out most sensitive areas. Our favorite finale for the ladies was, when we were both close enough to the edge, facing each other and rubbing our cocks together, pressed between our oily bodies, until we ejaculated, spraying hot mixed cream upwards over our stomachs. Our timing was usually pretty accurate. Practice was making it perfect. These were also the only occasions when Candice missed collecting our ejaculate. Mostly it was massaged over our bodies by willing hands, with some being secreted away on fingertips and flavour tested. Each week as drinks-after-work were suggested, my cock became rock hard in suspense and anticipation.
At the apartment we made good use of the fitness facilities and had regular training sessions from Candice's personal coach and even a few dancing lessons from an instructress. They did not seem surprised or uncomfortable with our nudity. We were taught how to use the fitness equipment properly, each with a fixed set of exercises for mornings and evenings. She also introduced us to Kegel exercises to strengthen specific muscles for more control of our erections and ejaculation. Each week we were weighed and measured, showing a slow but steady increase in overall muscle mass.
In the evenings, we spent a lot of time on the big soft sofa reviewing Candice's extensive DVD collection. Candice pointed us to titles to broaden our cultural horizons, like Shakespeare in Love. However we were more intrigued by the lower shelf with a wide range of adult titles. Joe and I worked our way through her adult collection in the evenings when Candice was away. There were samples for all tastes. Very enlightening! Many were very full of cock with lots of spermy scenes of Lover Boys and Male Strippers. For the first time, I was introduced to the abbreviations CFNM. Others were full of complex orgy scenes, many with fancy dress themes. We also hijacked Candice's computer with webcam and had a few evenings of fun surfing all types of porn. The CFNM sites helped us better understand our special relationship with Candice and her girls. At Webcamnow the live global audience was really appreciative of our cock rubbing demonstration. This encouraged us to experiment further, analysing the reactions. We also tried imitating some scenes from the films and Internet, like the autofellatio at Hornyboys. With my long tongue I could quite easily lick the tip of my cock. Joe was frustrated that he could not quite reach his. We were accepting that all boys are indeed perverts and that it feels great! And every evening our two empty wine glasses were waiting to be filled.
As we watched the porn films we could not resist slowly stroking our cocks. After a few sessions sitting next to each other on the huge couch, this developed into Joe stroking me while I stroked him, both with eyes glued to the incredible scenes on the TV screen. Of course we had to remember not to get too carried away, always catching our full load in time in our personalized wineglasses.
About 3 weeks into our project, Candice suddenly came back to the apartment, entering quietly and unexpectedly, just as we were helping each other to reach our climaxes during a hard porn DVD.
"Did I say you could pleasure each other? I don't think so! Stand up over here. You are both sweating like horses. Open your legs."
She was obviously in a bad mood. She studied us closely and sniffed.
"You are both sweaty and smelly. Bend over and touch your toes."
She left and came back with her little whip. She gave us each about 10 fast lashes. When we stood up and faced her, our cocks were both gorged and pulsating. Without hesitation she flicked her whip between our legs in turn, sending a bolt of excruciating pain through our gorged testicles and pulsating cocks. With each stroke she commanded us to wash more, shower more and to always use the bidet after using the toilet. We were then sent to shower.
On our return, she made us start again to jack-off each other. This time she was watching. We stood side-by-side stroking each other faster and faster. Joe came first, causing him to lose his concentration. It took him another half minute of his hand action before I too felt my testicle valves opening and the sperm rushing up my penis tube to the freedom of its wine glass.
Candice grabbed the glasses, and told us "From now, I want fresh sperm from you boys mornings and evenings."
Around this time our evening masturbation sessions became more structured. Whenever Candice was present she would give us instructions on exactly how we were to reach orgasm. She introduced two timers and measured how long we took from first touch to ejaculation. Themes included the traditional rolling of foreskin over glans, rubbing of the glans, rubbing only the corona, stroking the shaft only, slapping the shaft hard with a hand, pulling on the frenum and using just one finger making small circles on the most sensitive parts of the penis shaft. We were also introduced to cock rings and a little cock harness which separated our balls, fitting snuggly around the shaft and base of our cocks. These tests were performed with variations such as dry and with various oils, simultaneously pulling or twisting on balls and scrotum, a finger on or in the anus as well as with and without the visual stimulation of a porn DVD. The end produce was measured and documented.
Candice also discovered that when I was fully erect, I was able to lick the pre-cum from the tip of my penis with my long tongue. Seemingly coincidentally, the next day, Natasha, our fitness trainer, introduced us to some extra stretch exercises for back and neck. Lying in turn on a bench, Joe and I would help each other, as we stretched our legs over our shoulders as far as possible. Our young flexible bodies responded well. Within a week, when fully erect, Joe was able to lick his glans and I could actually get my lips to my cock head. This gave self-indulgence a new meaning for me.
Later, with a standard masturbation routine that Candice had selected, we tested with different combinations of audience. Initially, this was Candice and one girl friend. One became two, then five until we had ten spectators, as during the Teambuilding. An observing male was also introduced for effect. We were always to keep eye contact with our audience. The exercise had to be the same each time. A small quantity of a special oil mix was provided. The warm up was shaft stroking, then came rubbing the bare glans before pinching the oiled frenum between finger and thumb and tugging rhythmically before the last movement, fingers on lower side of shaft and frenum with the thumb under the rim of the glans on the top side, massaging while keeping the glans and blow hole in full view of the audience. One finger of the other hand should be probing the anus to a maximum of knuckle depth. We were to stop before ejaculation twice for 15 seconds, licking away any pre-cum, before going for gold on the third run.
The final test was carried out at one of the special clubs that Candice had occasionally taken us to. We were kept in a room at the back wearing our special party shorts and tops, until we were called. The strong spot lights showed us to our stage. There must have been well over 200 spectators, mostly women, some very scantily dressed. The men were mostly naked, oiled and in various states of excitement. Everyone was cheering as we made a show of getting naked. The Mistress of Ceremonies requested everyone's attention, explained that this was a scientific experiment and asked for silence. A count down from 10 started, and off we went, carefully pacing ourselves though our standard routine. As I panned the audience, I saw almost all the office girls, including the lovely Jenny, who had made me cum so quickly in France, and some other familiar faces from the past Summer. The routine was so familiar now that I was on auto-pilot, my thoughts drifting, feeling almost detached from my body. I kept eye contact with my audience, always returning to Jenny.
In the end, I could read her lips saying "Come now." So I came, closely followed by Joe. At the end of August, Candice had arranged a very important cocktail party in her penthouse. Her most important current and future clients would be there. Caterers would provide a buffet and drink. Joe and I would be the waiters, properly dressed. On the day our uniforms arrived. We had white dress shirts with black bow ties, tight hip hugging black trousers and black shoes.
As Candice inspected the outfits she said "No underwear or socks".
We looked very smart with the proud visible penis lines in our trousers. The guests arrived and we did our work. It was very noticeable that all Candice's guests were ladies, mostly over 40. A couple of them were over 50 if not 60. Madame Dinant, the shop owner, was also present. There was plenty of lively business talk that quite interested me. I heard one of the older guests compliment Candice on how attentive her waiters were. Candice agreed that we were exceptionally service minded and very obedient.
The older lady, Anita, was now staring at me and asked almost absent-mindedly "How obedient is that?"
Candice replied "Very. Ask them anything. They will try to oblige".
It was getting quite late, and some guests had already left, when Anita collared Joe and I. She was obviously a very self-assured lady who was now a little intoxicated. She announced to all that she would like to thank the handsome and obedient waiters of this evening, and that anyone interested in seeing more of us should accompany her to the roof garden. Everyone moved outside where Anita ordered Joe and I to do a striptease for the ladies. Once we were out of our butler outfits, we danced around the older ladies. They pretended to be very shocked, but clearly enjoyed touching our bodies. We then continued trying to serve drinks and canapés in the nude, until the last of Candice's appreciative guests left.
Just after this party, Candice asked us over dinner to confirm that we were both still technically virgins. She had discovered that neither Joe nor I had yet had full sexual intercourse. Despite all the sexual activity of the summer, our cocks had never been allowed to enter a vagina. Candice was straight-forward and honest. She was a business woman, and saw a unique business opportunity. Her idea was a deflowering party. Like Tupperware but different. In front of a very select group of fee-paying clients, we would each deflower a female virgin, a quadruple simultaneous loss of virginity. All parties had to consent and would be well paid. It would be the perfect end to our exhibitionist summer. It would be an experience to remember.
So on the Thursday evening before our last working day in Brussels, our special guests arrived at the apartment. As always Joe and I were the naked waiters. This time it was a pretty evenly balanced group between male and female. There were about 20 in total. Since we were the only ones naked, we felt especially exposed. There was tense air of expectancy as people chatted, most apparently not knowing each other very well. At last Candice, announced that it was time to start our celebration of sexual freedom. She pointed out that neither Joe nor I knew with whom we were about to copulate. We only knew that ours would be the first male organs to penetrate their tight vaginas. This was to make it extra exciting for her favorite boy virgins. Her plan was working!
Joe and I were blindfolded, standing naked in the middle of the floor, surrounded by our guests. I then heard to doorbell ring! I could hear some soft chatter above the soft background music. After a few minutes of anticipation, I felt a pair of hands running over my body and massaging me with warm scented oil. My neck, shoulders and back were treated first. Then my breast and stomach. The hands worked their way up the back of each leg, then delicately massaged my spread buttocks and the hinge area between my legs, from scrotum to anus. Whose hands were these? The massage continued, again via my legs and just lightly over my genitals. Finally, one hand gently massaged my balls while another made sure my erect shaft was well lubricated.
"Now you should get to know your partners body a little better."
Oil was poured onto my hands and, still blindfolded, I had to feel my way around the female body in front of me. I was told to take my time, working from top to bottom. I could feel the firm breasts with erect nipples. Her body felt quite fragile, but well developed. I continued down her back and over her small round buttocks. I then went to her feet and worked up around her legs, as I reached between her legs, I heard her murmur and felt her body shudder. I touched her anus briefly and then moved forward to her wet vaginal lips. I dipped a finger inside and felt the warm slipperiness before gently massaged her clitoris and back to her breasts via her firm flat stomach. Who owned this perfect female body?
"Dear virgin boys, you are about to see your first full sexual partner?
Our blindfolds were quickly removed. Before me stood Jenny! She was dressed only in oil but was wearing a big smile. I could not believe it. She too was still a virgin! My joy was so obvious that it generated a few sighs from the romantics in the audience. Joe had Melanie, another one of Candice's younger girls. They too seemed happy with the choice.
"Now let's move to the bedroom."
Candice led the way into her large master bedroom where her huge bed stood in the middle of the room. Around the bed were sufficient folding chairs positioned for the guests. Candice wanted to stay in control of the process, so continued to give us instructions. Melanie and I were to lie on the bed head to foot. Then Joe was to kneel between Melanie's legs, while Jenny, facing the other way, straddled my legs. I guess that, this way, there were only good seats in the theatre.
I carefully followed Candice's precise instructions. Jenny's pussy was already nice and wet as my tongue licked around her bare outer lips.
"Push your tongue inside. Rotate around her inner labia. Move up to her clitoris. Lick it gently. Faster. Slower. Now move slowly up her body. Kiss her left breast and suck the nipple. Now kiss her right breast. Suck it gently. Kiss her mouth. Probe her mouth. Kneel between her legs. Move your penis head up and down her labia. Get it nice and wet. Now touch her clit with your penis. Rub it up and down. Softly. Gently. Listen to her breathing. Move back down to her entrance. Gently rub it up and down the outer lips. Now move to the inner lips. Push your pens head just inside the entrance. Now move out again. And back in, just your penis head. Now move slowly, gently deeper inside. Stop at the first resistance. Move back a little, then in again. Stop when you feel the hymen. Listen to her breathing. Withdraw completely. Now start again. Push gently inside. Now deeper. Until you feel the hymen. Listen to her. Feel her. Back again. In again. A little stronger. Back again. In again. Stronger. Listen to her."
The girls' soft moans had become much louder.
"Now one last push together, gently but firmly. Push inside."
Jenny's resistance broke, and I was deep inside her. Her cherry had popped. She was shaking and moaning.
"Listen to her. Move with her. Feel her."
The feeling was so intense and sweet, I knew it would be too short. I had lost control of my emotions. We were off together in our own world. But only for a minute, until I felt my genitals erupting, spraying my hot sperm deep inside her. I lay on top of her waiting until the after shocks had died down.
"Pull out very slowly. That's good. A nice juicy mess. Look, just a smear of blood. There's a little more from Melanie."
We had some drinks as the guests chatted, some asking how it felt, especially to the girls. Jenny slowly stroked my hair and chest.
"Boys, since I see that you are once again serviceable. The girls have another virgin hole to be deflowered. Girls, on your hands and knees please. Melanie, other way please. All our guests deserve a good view. Boys, dip your forefinger in her wet pussy. Now massage your way back to her rosebud. Make little circles. Now go back for more spermy lubricant. Make more circles. Listen to her. Push the tip of your finger in. Feel her. Make it nice and wet. In again. Deeper. Out. In. Out. Now kneel behind her. Push your penis in her pussy. Feel how wet it is. Now rub her rosebud with your penis head. Push gently. Wait. Push again. Wait for her response. Now push harder. Keep going. Deeper. Push in all the way."
Again the girls were screaming. Joy or pain. Both. It was very tight.
For a few minutes I slowly fucked Jenny in her hot tight arse, until Candice told us to stop.
"It's now time for the girls to deflower the virgin boy bottoms."
I had not counted on this. In fact I was almost in terror as I saw Candice hand each girl a significant dildo. It was normal male size, but seemed huge.
"Boys, get on your hands and knees. Head to toe. Can everyone see OK? Girls, here is some oil to help you. Give his backside a massage. Move down to those dangling balls. Oil them. Squeeze them gently. Give them a good tug. Now massage his penis and back between his legs. Follow that ridge back up to his sweet little hole. Make little circles. Now use some more oil. Make more circles. Listen to him sigh. Push the tip of your finger in. Feel him fight it. Make it nice and slippery. In deeper. Out. In. Out. It is OK. Just relax. Now push your rubber penis gently into him. Push gently. Wait. Push again. Boys, breath out. Relax. Wait. Breath out again. Now push harder. Keep going. Deeper. Push in all the way."
I was screaming murder for the first few seconds. It was very uncomfortable until my sphincter muscles released to allow the spaceship to enter. It was still a very tight fit.
"Move it in and out. Listen to his breathing. Follow his rhythm. OK. Now switch it on. Keep moving it slowly in and out.
Jenny kept moving the vibrating rubber cock in and out. It felt like my insides were being pulverized. On each stroke I felt a shudder as it passed, I supposed, my prostrate gland. The steady vibrating strokes continued for a few minutes, until Candice decided that we boys had also been truly deflowered. But there was more to cum.
Candice suggested that we warm up for the next step in female deflowering. She did not explain any further.
"Make a nice daisy chain on the bed. Mel suck Kevin. Kevin lick Jenny. Jenny suck Joe. Joe lick Mel."
We worked hard to pleasure each other, giving as good as we got.
"Good, that's enough. The boys are nice and hard again. Kevin on your back. Melanie jump on Kevin. That's right. Push his penis deep into your pussy. Jenny oil up Joe's penis and Mel's back door. Get them both ready. Joe push gently into Mel. That's easier this time. Now Jenny, push this rubber penis up Joe's backside. Slowly. OK. Switch it on. As Jenny moved the dildo in and out of Joe, Joe pushed into Mel. I could feel Joe's cock moving inside Mel, next to mine. There was quite a weight on my hips, but I could still breath OK, as Mel was being thrust up and down on two cocks for the first time in her life.
Candice let us continue enjoying these new feelings of double penetration for a few minutes, then said "All change."
Jenny removed the dildo, and Joe climbed off Mel. She gave a few little jiggles as she freed herself from my still throbbing cock. Joe took my position, with his cock in Jenny's pussy. I had just seen Jenny sucking Joe and fucking him with a dildo, but I did not like seeing Joe entering Jenny. But I had no time to think. I was again going to back fuck Jenny, but this time with Joe up front. I was extremely careful. But it seemed to go much easier than the first time. I was just getting comfortable when I felt a finger probe my backdoor, followed by the persistent push of Mel's dildo. I tried to relax as she pushed forward. It was already vibrating as it entered and pushed deep inside me. In turn, I pushed harder into Jenny and she started sliding up and down between Joe and me. Again I could feel the hard shaft of Joe's cock moving around Jenny's soft insides.
Again after a few minutes, Candice called a halt. We cleaned off our cocks with some clinically smelling wipes and towels. Wow, we were certainly seeing our share of deflowering. But we were still not finished. Candice explained that each male had been in each female mouth, vagina and anus. Also each girl had dildo fucked each boy. But a dildo was not the real thing. Therefore the males were still to be properly deflowered.
"Joe, kneel on all fours. Kevin get yourself nice, hard and oiled. Move close to Joe. Rub your penis between his buttocks. Mel, you should lie down and suck on Joe. Kevin, go ahead. Is he ready? Let him respond. Now push forward. Harder."
"Jenny, Kevin needs a dildo in his empty hole."
Then we changed around. Joe fucked me, while Mel pushed a dildo up his arse and Jenny sucked my cock.
A few more minutes of this and I was ready to shoot my load at any moment. Candice ordered us to stop. The girls were to lie head to foot of their backs with a boy kneeling at their heads. We were to slowly stroke ourselves to completion. It took all of about 30 seconds for me to shoot my load over Jenny's breasts, face and open mouth.
"Boys, you have now almost completed your duties. You have one final task. Kevin kiss Melanie and lick her completely clean of Joe's sperm. Joe give Jenny a nice deep kiss and make her clean too!"
I was still so wound up I just did as instructed. I lapped up every drop I could find. A champagne bottle popped and sprayed all over our bodies. We all continued licking a fantastic mixture of juices from girls, boys and grapes.
Our guests joined us drinking champagne and thanked us for allowing them to share our magical evening. Everyone seemed very satisfied!
The summer had passed very quickly. I thought that it was maybe too quickly. On the last day of our summer work in Brussels, Candice paid us our earnings for the summer in cash. It was a total of €21,000 including bonus and modeling fees. Wow! I had to sign a receipt, stating that I would maintain confidentiality and not attempt to contact any present or ex-employees or clients of Cleopatra Holdings. Candice thanked us for our good work, wished us well and gave us each a box with a crystal wine glass engraved with our initial, as a memento of our training in Brussels.
Her parting words were "I'll miss my nightly moisture masque. You have each provided more than a liter this summer!"
I returned to Manchester for my 2nd year of study. I rented a small flat where I could go around naked as much as I liked. I bought more trendy and daring clothes and behaved like the more confident and secure male that I had become, especially around appreciative ladies. It was just before my Christmas break that I received an email from Cleopatra Futures with a electronic ticket to Brussels in my name. I knew I would go.