Chapter 10
Doing A MILF in the Office and Doing My Mom for Her Sister
This continues the story with a series of plot developments. This teases and eventually creates a full milieu to conclude the business started in Chapter 9. I hope you enjoy this part of the adventure and the direction it takes the story. Vote, leave some comments, let me know what you think. Thanks for all the great comments to this point. I hope this meets the challenge of the previous chapters and lives up to expectations. Best, -C
*
Something buzzing against my nose woke me. Groggy, I roused and slapped myself with a limp hand. I heard a giggle and then the buzzing resumed, the vibration against my nose made me sneeze. I was still asleep and I sneezed! I had never sneezed before while asleep. That seemed crazy. My eyes opened and my willowy, blond sister appeared, leaning over me. Tawny pressed my vibrating phone against my cheek again, just below one eye and the world went crazy for a second.
"Better answer it, baby bro." Tawny tittered. She was dressed for her day, her blond hair coiffed and her rich bosom hovering over me.
I made a stab for the phone but she pulled it out of my reach. She answered it. "Sonny's phone." She breathed.
My eyes opened and I could see her in the ugly dimness of the morning. If I had been awake I would have cackled as her eyes widened and her face shifted. She dropped the phone and covered it then put it back to her face.
"Just a moment, sir." She said in her best professional voice. She covered it again and whispered, "It is the CEO of somewhere, calling for Mr. Duncan." She said softly. "A woman's voice."
I grasped the phone and put it to my ear.
"Sonny?"
Annie Kingston's voice tickled the cockles of my heart. "Yes, ma'am?" I responded, my eyes watching my older sister.
Tawny made no move to leave.
I reached out a hand and ran it up her bare leg, under the knee length edge of her dress. Before, usually when I made some tempt to touch her in even the most remotely lascivious way, she would punch me and not lightly. Now she did not move but stared down at me.
"You sister?"
"Yes." I responded.
"She sound sexy as hell." Annie said, matching my sister's initial breathy, 'Marilyn Monroe' voice with her higher version.
"Yes." I repeated, moving my hand onto my sisters panty-clad ass, her skirt draped over my wrist. Tawny did not move. My hand cupped the cheek of her ass. I noted her still acquiescence.
"Sid send limo for you mother. He want her at meeting. Me too. He no have staff here, so he want us fill in. Look like he have, have, what that word?"
"Entourage." I suggested
"Right, yes. Entourage. We do nothing but look pretty he say."
"What about me?"
"You not so pretty." Annie cackled. "You come later, maybe afternoon, one or two. Someone call you, tell you to come up and fuck Honeywell woman." Annie sniggered. "We watch you fuck her like she watch you fuck me. About time I watch you fuck someone else besides mommy and blond Laura."
"What time?" I asked, pressing the tips of my fingers into Tawny's crack, deep, deeper, deeper. She did not move except to bend slightly, pressing her ass back against my hand. Her legs flexed wider, making room for my hand. She grunted softly, she sighed once. My hand moved lower till I must have been brushing her pussy. Her eyes closed, her lips pursed and she blew air out in a soft whoosh.
"I said, one or two, but close by at two for sure. We call you."
"I meant the limo. When is it going to be here?"
"Oh, maybe eleven. Dress mommy up for business, not like slut. Sid wants us look professional."
"Uh-huh," I said, massaging my sister's ass with my hand, stroking deep to touch her pussy.
"Be ready." Annie whispered again and hung up.
I lay the phone on the bed beside me and withdrew my hand from under Tawny's dress. She opened her eyes.
"What are you doing with my phone?" I asked.
"It was buzzing in your pants. The ones you left on the floor of the bathroom where you stripped them off last night before taking your shower." She smiled. "I thought it might be important."
I nodded. Right, I thought. I moved my hand to her thigh but she gripped my wrist and pushed me away from her. Then she bent over me and kissed me on the lips, definitely not like being kissed by your sister. Her lips where plush and soft. Without another word, she walked out of room; walked, hell, she sashayed, her shapely hips boinking back and forth like they were mounted on a pivot. Her long skirt swished back and forth. I lay back on the bed, thankful I had not tried to mix my sisters with the MILFs. Gawd, I would never survive that much pussy!
The next thing I knew I was waking again. The bed was moving and someone was pulling at my shoulder.
"Sonny? Sonny?" Georgia's voice roused me. Her hands rolled me from my side, I had been facing way from her. She rolled me onto my back, my bare shoulders squeezing against her plush thigh resting on the bed beside me. "Sonny, wake up."
I opened my eyes. "What time is it?"
"Nine." Georgia said.
"What are you doing here?"
"Sonny, Mom did not go to work this morning. I thinks something is wrong."
I sighed and lay back, closing my eyes. My eldest sister's voice held no hint of concern or anxiety; if anything I heard jealousy. "So?" I grunted.
"So, what is going on? Why is Mom staying home from work?"
"What are you still doing home?" I opened my eyes.
Georgia shook her head, her red-orange hair twitched with the motion. She scooted her ass more firmly onto the bed, pressing her thigh against me, pressing the point of my shoulder deeply into her hip. "This is unlike Mom. She never sleeps this late. When she came home from the beauty shop last night she went directly to bed. What is going on?"
I almost chuckled, remembering Mom's comment from yesterday. What would Georgia do if I told her Mom was recovering from being a human condom? I kept my face impassive. Georgia could be insistent. I shrugged. "Nine? I needed to get going." I sat up and found my phone. I looked at the time on the last call, quarter to seven. Annie called me that early? What a bitch! My cock twitched. She was my bitch and I could use her as she liked, do what she wanted whenever I wanted. My cock hardened and I made no move to hide it from my sister.
I was dialing when Georgia's hand found my cock under the sheet grasped me, fitting her fingers around me and gripping me through my briefs. Her eyes were intense, staring down at me.
The hotel answered and I gave the nice lady the room number I wanted while my sister's hand moved up and down on my cock. Can a cock get calluses? After all the action I had participated in these last few days, I thought my cock would be raw and worn down to a nub. To the contrary, Georgia's hand on my cock only made me want to fuck her. The urge flushed through me and I almost pushed her face towards my crotch, but Messy Melissa answered the phone.
She sounded wide awake and chipper as a chipmunk on a Planter's tour.
"Mrs. Crawford?" I said. Georgia's hand stopped its gentle motion on my stiff prick.
"Good morning, Sonny!" Melissa gushed into the phone. "Fuck me but I slept good last night! I have not had a weekend like this in all of my life!"
"You know the thing I mentioned to you, why you delayed your flight a day?" I asked, ignoring but not missing her comment.
Melissa did not respond immediately. Then she said, "Yes. You mean, you mean watching, watching you fuck . . . your mother?" Her voice dribbled down to a whisper.
"That's right. Does that still fit into your schedule?"
I thought I could hear her gulp but it might have been my imagination. With Georgia's hand working on my cock, I was surprised I could imagine anything.
"Well, yes, Sonny. If, if you think . . . yes."
"I'll be there to pick up you, uh, pick you up in . . . how soon can you be ready?" I was having trouble talking.
"For that? I am ready now. Jesus, I am wet just thinking about it!"
I chuckled. "Why? After all you have seen, why would it affect you like that?" Georgia's eyes found mine. She looked puzzled, trying to figure out what I was talking about, who I was talking to.
Melissa did not answer right away and for a moment I thought she was gone. Then she said, "Because it's, it's you, Sonny. Seeing you with, ah your mother. Fuck I cannot wait."
"You may have to but I promise, we'll manage to fit your schedule as you want."
"There is someone there with you? Jesus, Sonny, is she there? Is she with you now?"
Georgia pulled the sheet off my body and her hand snaked inside my briefs. Then she shifted to her knees on the floor and with both hands pulled the briefs half off my hips. Her hand gripped me and she fit her mouth over the end of my cock and sucked. Her head drifted down and my cock sank into her mouth. The feeling nearly unhinged me. My sister, dressed to the nines for work was sucking my cock. I was so confused.
"Yes." I said, drawing it out like a hiss. Georgia hummed around my cock. Fuck but I wanted to fuck her but at that moment I reverted to the tacit agreement I had made with myself not to mix anyone with the MILFs . . . well, not my sisters at least. "I'll be there in half an hour." I said and dropped the phone onto the bed. With reluctance and no little chagrin, I pulled my sister's sucking mouth off my cock. She sat back, her face crumpled with rejection and disappointment.
"Goddammit, Sonny. You fuck me, you fuck Mom and then nothing. You act like it never happened. I want you to fuck me. Hell, Dalia and Tawny want to fuck you too. We agreed we'd wait on you but shit, you act like we don't even exist!"
I sat up and covered my now aching cock with a pillow. I had plans for him, which of course often had only a passing relationship to what happened to me. "What the fuck, Georgia, did you blab about, about, a, that night?"
Georgia looked caught. Finally she nodded. "I had to tell them."
I did not bother to ask what sort of logic in her pretty head made that necessity. I pulled Georgia up onto the bed beside me. I unbuttoned her grey business blouse and split it wide, revealing her white bra and equally white chest, littered with freckles. I bent to her chest and kissed the slope of her breast. I dipped into one of the voluminous cups and pulled her lax breast free so I could touch my lips to her. Her hands grasped my shoulders and then my head. Her body jerked and she tried to slide down on the bed, to recline while only sitting half on and half off on the side of the mattress. I licked her nipple and then sucked her breast into my mouth.
When I finished, Georgia was panting like she had been underwater for an hour. "Sis, I can't. Not now. I have to go." I took hold of one of her hands and shoved it between my legs, pressing my cock once more into her hand. She gripped me again. "I want you, I just, I just have some other things going on and I cannot start with you. I'd never leave the fucking house! Jesus, sis, I want you but I have to be realistic. If I fuck you, I am going to have a house full of pussy. You said it yourself. I need to . . . I need to . . . oh fuck!" My resolution died and I pulled her onto the bed and shoved the grey straight skirt as high up her legs as far as I could only to find the barrier of her panty hose. I stared at it.
"Oh, Sonny, don't stop." Georgia hissed.
"I fucking had panty hose." Said through gritted teeth.
"I'll take them off." Georgia panted, laying back onto the bed.
I pressed a palm against her pubic mound, and her hips shifted higher and then she slipped off the bed onto the floor. I did not try to stop her but got off the other side of the bed. Her head appeared over the edge of my bed and she was looking daggers at me. "Are you fucking Mom?" Georgia growled. "Is that why she is staying home? You usually have a class but here you are lounging in bed till nine. You think I cannot figure out what is going on?"
She looked so hurt, so angry, so vulnerable all at once I almost did not know how to respond. "No, you cannot imagine what is going on. Georgia, I am going to fuck Mom this afternoon, yes. But, but it is not what you think. I fucking promise."
"Are you going to fuck me, then? Tomorrow?"
I shook my head, astonished that I was turning this woman down. Then I said something surpassingly stupid. "You are my sister, Georgie!" That only made her angry, really angry.
Georgia got to her feet and stood there buttoning up her blouse only to realize her bra was all out of whack. She began to struggle to get tits and ass arranged for the day. "Fuck you, Sonny. She is your mother and you don't seem to have any problem sliding the meat to her."
"Don't be vulgar." I said, speaking my mother's remonstrance with a straight face. What things we do under pressure!
Georgia looked at me like she was going to explode but then the door opened and my mother appeared. Mom's face needed help and her eyes were still bleary with sleep but with that hint of awareness and sharp understanding still present, that acuity a mom always seems to have about her kids. "What's going on in here?" She said in her best 'mom' voice.
Georgia glanced once more at me and then flounced out of my room.
"You're late for work, honey!" Mom called after her. Georgia did not respond. Mom's eyes creased with concern. "Is this getting out of hand, honey?"
I shrugged. "I did not want to mix and match, MILFs and sisters." I said without thinking. "Getting you all airtight has turned out to be quite an undertaking."
Mom gulped, the tension showing the motion clearly in her pearly neck. "Did you think it would be like dating a virgin, honey? We're all women and we want what we want."
"You ladies can be damn insistent, too." I said. My cock twitched and reversed course. "I need you to do something else, Mom." I explained the day's events and what I thought was going to happen, leaving out the conjunction with Alissa. I had no idea how that would happen or if she would even know about it. "Annie said Sid wants an entourage so I am heading out to get Melissa. She can go with you."
Mom nodded but she was thinking something. I could see it on her face.
"You said I should stay home. You a, said you wanted to fuck me, a, in front of someone?" Her tone made it a question. "Sonny, even after Sid rammed his ram into me, after I left, I kept thinking about what you said. Does that still go?" Her little girl voice was so cute.
I waited, letting the silence between us linger. When I nodded, I think she breathed again. "Yes, Mom. Alissa's sister, Melissa is in town. We fucked them both last night. I promised her I would let her watch while I fucked you today."
"Oh." Her face did not change while she digested that. Finally she nodded and looked over at me. Mom smiled. "I'll take a quick shower and be ready when you get back. Is that why you are going to get her? So she can watch me fuck my son?" She did not wait for an answer but opened the door and disappeared.
I dressed and drove to get Melissa. She was waiting out in the brisk air so all I had to do was drive up and she got in beside me after she put her bag in the back seat. For a while neither of us said anything. I got onto the freeway and could relax a little. I looked over at her. "So Mrs. Crawford, how does it feel to have been air tight?"
Melissa shook her head, her eyelids closing like great shades over her big eyes. She opened them and looked over at me. Her frizzy hair was a dark, sexy cloud about her face and shoulders. "Sonny, never have I experienced something like that! I'll be high with this weekend till my tits touch my knees."
I laughed, hard. I felt ebullient. After all the confusion I felt last week, everything seemed to have worked out wonderfully. Alissa was mine! And there were still two MILFs for air tight attention. And, if that was not enough, I was pretty sure my mother would fuck me, at least till I yielded her to Sid. If I discounted Georgia's little tantrum, I could not think of a better situation to be in. But then, I don't have much of an imagination.
"Sonny, watching you guys fuck a . . . "
"Natasha. Mrs. Rossini." I filled in helpfully.
"Yes, yes, Natasha. That was unbelievable but sharing the bunch of you with Lissa like that. Having her right there when I came and hearing her panting as she came . . . my gawd, it makes me squirm just to think about it now. I don't think I will ever forget it." She laid a hand on my leg and I jerked, the car twitched but I righted it. Melissa did not seem to notice or care. "I have to tell you, after you fucked me at the airport, I wondered what I was getting to. I could not believe you were treating me like, like, like that. I could not bear to face that I liked it but you never once hesitated to make me act like I wanted to be sexual like that. I don't know how you did it but now, having it past, I am glad you did."
"No second thoughts?" I pressed.
She shook her head.
"Not even about Sammy?"
Melissa's head jerked to look at me. Her hand covered her mouth. "Oh shit, I forgot about that. You gave me to him."
I almost corrected her but did not. "Still want that?"
"What choice do I have? Think Sammy will take 'no' as an answer? Particularly since mother is off limits."
I was nearly to my house. "I think Sammy will be okay. Mrs. Rossini and Annie will fuck him silly so I rather doubt he will go without."
Melissa smiled. Her hand moved to my already or still hard cock. "You see that he stays in shape for his aunt. I think I will be hungry as hell by the next time I see him. He needs to be used to fucking because if I have the chance I am going to get him in my ass while father Sam does me. Sonny, having a man in ass and pussy is the best thing I have ever experienced! A girl hears about it but fuck me, I never imagined actually experiencing it would ring my bells like it did. I cannot get it out of my head. "
The garage door opened and I drove my car inside, since the girls were all gone. I did not want anyone to see Melissa sashaying into our house with my boner pointing at her from behind. Mom was sitting at the table when we came into the kitchen from the garage. I did not hesitate. I moved to her, took the coffee cup from her hand and kissed her. Her mouth was redolent with the musty coffee taste. She shuddered as I drew her to her feet. She knew what was coming. I pulled her away from the table, to the kitchen counter and ran my hands up under her stretch white dress. It was of some stretchy stuff that was never alive but fit her like, well, like a condom. It looked good but not really my idea of professional, well, not boring professional. As I pulled the skirt over her hips revealing a lacy thong framed by garters and a belt. Melissa sagged against the garage door and watched us, hands behind her ass.
Mom fumbled with my belt.
My phone rang.
I glanced at the clock, it was a bit after ten. "Hello?" I said through gritted teeth. Mom had my slacks open and shucked them down my legs.
"Sonny?" It was Sid.
"Hi Sid. What's up? Beside me, I mean."
He chuckled but it was a rattle and a thump. The tension in his voice startled and disturbed me. "Sonny, the limo is on the way. I have been up all night talking to China trying to get this all arranged. I think we are a go. Turns out it fit right into this deal I am working on in China but it is a fucking project. First, though, thanks for your part in this. I have a reputation to think of and getting my cock into your mother will become lore in China when Annie is done. She loved it. Anyway, the limo is on the way. I know it is a little early but I decided to get started early. If you will be at Mrs. Honeywell's office, downstairs or close by around two, I'll call you. You are still up for fucking my attorney, aren't you?"
Mom put a hand around my cock as she struggled up onto the counter. I moved between her legs. "Yeah, sure." I grunted. Mom's thighs gripped me and her heels pulled at me, shifting her ass to the edge of the counter. Her hands bent my cock and stroked it beneath swatch of cloth covering her pussy. She inserted the head into her pussy. I shoved a few fine inches into her fine pussy. Outside a horn sounded.
"Shit!" I grunted, pulling against my mother's rabid ministrations. "That's the limo." Mom released me, her eyes slightly wild. "Sid. Alissa's sister is in town. I am sending her with Mom. I thought she might be a good addition."
"The more the merrier. I was going to be without a staff at this shindig and well, having all these beautiful women around me will help the deal I think." He guffawed. "Honeywell's sister? Does she fuck you too?"
I ignored the question. "When do you want me there?" Realizing I already knew the answer.
"Two will be fine. Wait in the lobby or close by. Don't come up till I call you. Once you come up it should not take long. I'll take your mother home, if you like."
I had moved away from mom and she and Melissa were at the door. They waved, the door closed and a moment later I watched the long Lincoln limo pull away from our curb. "Sid, Mom's busy this afternoon." I said softly. "But after today, if you want her, she's yours, I think, if you want her." I felt the tension of the statement seethe in me.
Silence.
I waited.
Finally Sid spoke, "You think she'll be okay with that? You offering her cunt up like that? Cause buddy, if you give her to me, I am going to fuck her every chance I get. Jesus, what a woman!"
"This isn't business, Sid. It's pleasure." Then I had a different thought. "Maybe you are right. Let me work on that. Let's keep that in mind though. I think she liked being your cock sock but she has some stuff to work out." Mom would fuck Sid night and day, I sensed, but I wanted her to help complete the MILF list. I was just stalling. What a selfish prick. Ah well, I'd share later.
"That's fine. I will be out of the country till the middle of January just before the Chinese New Year. So unless she wants to spend a few months in Asia taking my cock, it is just as well. But Sonny, I want you to understand that I want her. If you arrange it, I will make it up to you."
Sid Kingston was gone before I could respond. Just as well since I was speechless. He'd make it up to me? Like he owed me something? I was fucking his wife, right? Giving her what she wanted . . . ah there was the difference. She was sexually satisfied and that could be a real valuable thing to a man that needed to travel as much as he did. I smiled to myself. I could rationalize anything. The reality likely was that he was not having me tortured and killed and canned as dog food.
I had time to waste and tried to study but the whole milieu swirled in my head so I drove downtown around noon. I drove to one of the higher parking decks and parked, finding a level that had fewer cars. I sat for a moment, trying to let my mind settle down. I was trying to get my head around everything that was happening; you know, having one of the moments when everything seemed perfectly clear, understandable? It does not happen but it is cool when it does.
My reverie busted like a dropped egg. Landon Clark walked right past the row where I was parked. I was facing the elevator down into the galleria. I rubbed my eyes and looked again. I found it difficult to believe it. Out of all the places and people to see here. Then I thought he had some idea of what was going down today and wanted a piece of it. I almost smiled.
Landon stopped at the elevator but did not touch the call button. He looked around and then stuck his hands in his pocket. I was about to get out of the car and holler at him but abruptly he pulled out his phone. He punched a button. My phone rang and I nearly jumped out of my skin.
"Sonny Duncan! What's happening? Whacha doing? What's the good word?"
"Landon." I said slowly. He sounded jocular and that was not like Landon Clark. I watched him talking to me. What a weird fucking feeling. I don't know why I didn't get out of the car or tell him I was watching him. "Where are you?" I asked, curious about his answer.
"Just hanging. Man, Sonny, the weekend was un-fucking-believable."
"Uh huh." For some reason, I was dumbstruck.
"I have never had so much great pussy. You are definitely the man, Sonny my man!"
Landon never talked that way. "Landon, what's up. You never talk like this. You nervous or something?"
Silence. In front of me, he stopped shifting, glancing around. He was waiting for someone.
Fuck me but I had a vision of his mother cruising into the picture and Landon kissing her on the lips. "Landon?"
"Yeah, Sonny?"
Coy, right. "Landon, is everything all right?"
"What are you a woman?"
"What are you, a dick? Something is on your mind."
"Jesus, Sonny. All this pussy is making you more perceptive than you ever were before. It's Mom."
Kyla? I flashed on my cock being welcomed into her full ass, her gasping, gurgling pleasure mounted on her son's cock while I pressed her down onto it with my cock in her ass. "Kyla? Have you fucked her since the opera?"
Silence but not so long. "That, well, that is what I wanted to talk about. See, well, shit Sonny, I have a bit of a problem."
A problem? "Oh?" My heart stopped beating. Was Kyla losing her nerve, losing the feeling of cock and wanted to blow, or unblow our MILF List? No one would go along with it if Landon backed out, particularly before we all got into Kyla. I waited.
"Well, Mom, she ah, well damn a pirate's balls, Sonny."
I waited for him to get to it.
But then a woman appeared in my vision. Not a woman, a girl and something struck me about her.
"Sonny, listen, I have to go. Could you, can we talk about this later?"
Darlene Emerson! She stood in front of Landon, smiling. Her full pink lips glistened. She wore a long light coat that flapped behind her knees but framed her full breasts, the cleavage was full and deep and luscious. Fuck but I wanted to dive in.
"Tomorrow." I said.
"Tonight?"
"No. I have to take Melissa to the airport."
By the elevator, Landon nodded. "Oh, right. We can talk later in the week." He put away his phone and took the girl in his arms and kissed her like a lover. They melded together into a kiss that made me jealous. Landon cupped one of her ass cheeks in one hand and caressed her breasts with the other, pushing her against the wall beside the elevator. Darlene's coat was yellow, with a white sweater underneath. Landon's hand was under it and the tight lean flesh of her stomach appeared. He pushed her bra over her breast and pulled away from her lips to kiss her breast. Darlene shuddered, turning her head to the side. Her arms snapped over her head and she pressed them against the wall above her. It looked weird with her purse still slung on her shoulder. Her hips pulsed, thrusting at Landon as he licked and kissed her one bare breast. Then I saw the elevator move and the light blinked up from below. By the time the doors opened and three women sauntered out, Landon and Darlene were standing side by side holding hands like any other couple in love. They disappeared into the elevator. For a moment I thought I caught Landon's eyes seeing me through the glint of my windshield before the doors closed and they were gone. I was spooked by the whole thing.
The women from the elevator walked to a car close by, stowed their shopping bags and drove away. I sat, stunned. Landon Clark and Darlene Emerson? Holy shit! That was no $1,000 a whack hooker, either. That was an eighteen year old girl! Suddenly I thought I had a glimmer of what he wanted to discuss and I understood why Landon Clark would stutter. I sat there shivering with adrenaline as I considered the eruption of our little MILF list into public knowledge.
The tinking on my window made me jump like a virgin sitting on a dildo in church. I turned my head and my heart stopped, again. What the fuck was happening. Kyla Clark gestured for me to lower my window. I turned the key and did so, feeling really discombobulated.
"Mrs. Clark." I managed to croak.
"Hi Sonny. What are you doing here?" Her tone was cool.
I rolled up the window, pushed open the door and got out. Talking up to someone like that made me feel like I was five again with my face in everyone's crotch or ass all over again. No wonder kids are cranky all the time, they walk around in a fog of adult farts!
"I could ask you the same thing." I countered after I got my car door shut and locked. Rather than the fierce look I expected, Kyla closed her eyes.
"I suppose you saw it? Landon with that girl?"
"Yeah." I said slowly.
"Do you know her?" Kyla asked. "Oh, forget that. Okay, I followed him down here." She stopped, took a huge breath and looked up at me. "Buy a girl a cup of coffee?" She said finally.
Thankful for the respite, I nodded and we boarded the elevator. All I could think of was what would happen if we turned a corner and came face to face with Landon and Darlene. I was so absorbed in my thoughts I did not notice our mutual silence till we arrived at a coffee spot. I guided us to a back corner table that looked out on the lower levels of the four floor galleria. I got us each a latté. When I was settled, I looked at Kyla and saw only sadness in her eyes.
She shook her head. "Sonny, you cannot imagine what it has been like at my house since the MILF night at the opera."
I could not help myself. I chortled. I was unsure if she was trying to be funny and I should be encouraged or if she was in despair and my laughter would push her over the edge. She was somewhere in the middle.
She smiled a bleak smile. "Landon has not touched me since, since, since then." Kyla stared down at her latté. "I tried but I was so, so . . . oh, Sonny it was awful. I thought, I thought . . . ."
I suddenly had a flash of what she might have thought.
"I was horrified by what we had done." She looked up at me with more of a smile, the barest hint of relief evident in her expression. "Not because of, of what we did. No, I expected him to mount me the next day when he got back but he came home that Saturday night and nothing. I expected him to come into my shower and scrub my back and make me suck his cock. I expected to have him between my legs night after night for the next month. But there was nothing. He barely said two words to me the whole week. Last night, however, he came home smelling of sex, frazzled and clearly completely fucked out. He came into my bedroom and kissed me on the lips. He apologized and said if I could give him time, he would explain everything." Kyla shook her head. "You cannot imagine how fucked up I have been! I felt like I was wearing someone else's skin. I was short with everyone, irritable and filled with . . . you cannot imagine."
She was right. But I had some idea of the intensity of it.
"Now, Sonny, now I understand. He was out late that Saturday that Saturday after, after the opera. He had a date he said and told me to wait up. I did. He came home and went right to his room like he forgot what he said. I did not forget! I had no idea what to do. I am not the one to slip into his room and suck his cock and mount him. Well, not yet anyway. I thought something had happened. Something did, apparently. The next morning he was gone before I got up. I had a little wine to sooth my nerves that night before and it was late the next morning before I roused. I did not see him again till Tuesday and by then I was crazy inside. I had no idea what was happening between me and my son. I was a wreck. My nerves turned into longing and I wanted him to fuck me. I wanted my son to come to my room and take me like I was his mistress. I dreamed of . . . well, I had dreams about sex. I'd wake up wet with it. Gawd, I wanted my own son to use me to make the longing go away! I was crazed with lust and anxiety mixed in equal measure. I almost called you but I heard him talking to one of the other guys and understood that someone was going to be, a, airtight this weekend, last weekend."
Kyla Clark's cheeks turned pink. Her eyes found me and suddenly she looked so fucking sexy. Her brown hair tumbled about her face, framing it and giving her a girlish, shy look. Her eyes were a woman's eyes, though, steady and unblinking.
"I figured you would call me if you wanted a piece of me. I had to just wait. I made up a thousand stories about why Landon had left me hanging. Thursday I was furious with you all day, certain that you had told him to leave me alone so he would be ready to fuck whoever you boys were servicing this weekend. Last night I got that something else was going on and I had could not begin to guess what it was. Now I know."
I nodded. "Landon has a girlfriend."
Kyla Clark nodded. "My son has a girlfriend." She echoed, a little bleakness mixed with pride in her tone.
We sat in silence for a few minutes. I did not know what to say. I gazed out the window and who would believe it? I saw Landon and Darlene walking on one of the lower levels. They stopped to lean over the rail. Landon's hand held her ass and then she turned and they kissed. I glanced at Kyla. She was watching them as well.
"He is in love. I don't know what to feel. I have never seen Landon in love before. Sonny, you were always the nearest thing to a best friend Landon ever had. He is like his father; self-assured and cocky to a fault. He never felt the need to follow anyone and everyone loved following him but I think deep down he admired you. I know he does now. The MILF list, that is all your doing, Sonny and my son knows it. He has had a terrible time this last week and now I know why."
When I looked at her, Kyla was staring at Landon and Darlene, and did till they disappeared into the thin crowd and out of our sight.
I had the distinct feeling that she was not done talking. I was right.
"Sonny, whatever else has happened, this week of anxiety has forced me to think about something I would not have faced otherwise." She looked up at me.
Something in her eyes scared me and I flashed back to the romantic dinner before the opera. I opened my mouth to stutter only to discover the fucking world actually does not revolve around me and my cock. What a shock!
"Sonny, do you know what I have been dreaming of since the MILF night at the opera?" She spoke with a mischievous glint in her eyes. She did not wait for a response. "Your mother's mouth on me. Her taste on my tongue, the feel of your semen swirling inside of her and her orgasm as I ate her. I am haunted by it. I wake in the night quaking with desire to be eaten by her again." She smiled wanly. "I realized eventually that I wanted my son to fuck me to cover up what I was dreaming about; your mother's mouth on my pussy."
"Oh." I said into the little pause. After a while I noticed Kyla's eyes on me and the implicit question in them. "Oh, oh!" I got it, finally. "You, you . . . I see."
Kyla did laugh then. "Sonny, you are priceless." She reached over and patted my arm. "Don't worry, I am not . . . I am not giving up cock. But since I am confessing, you know what I thought when I saw Landon's lips on that girl's bare breast right out there in public?"
"You wished it was you?" I ventured. Even if I was wrong, it was a sexy guess.
Kyla laughed. She shook her head. Then she really laughed. "I guess I am not sure how you meant that, you naughty boy! A different thought. But no, I thought of Landon fucking her and the taste of her after he was done. I wondered to myself, very consciously if I could maybe make her come after he fucked her. If she would like it, if I would like it. Then I wondered if she liked it in the ass, like I do? I thought about sharing Landon with her, the both of us fucking him." Kyla Clark closed her eyes.
Without opening them, she said, "Sonny, can I tell you something? I have fucked around on Tony for most of our marriage, in my mind in response to his fucking around on me. But that is not fair, I have boinked first as often as he has. We were both props to each other's set piece. Landon has suffered because of that, particularly when one of us gets it into our head that our marriage is more than a business arrangement. No, what I want to confess is that I have often looked at this woman or that woman and imagined sharing Tony with her. I have never had the will to do it. I never wanted to give him the break of implying I was in any way okay with his philandering. I hated it but at the same time, several of those bimbos he took up with made me want to touch them. When I looked at them after knowing that she had sucked Tony's cock, I have often thought about them, like that, nude and sated. I liked the idea of undressing them but until your mother, I never imagined anything beyond that moment when their tits come into view as I removed their bra. Now, now all I can think about it having her tongue swirling around in my freshly fucked pussy! Oh, Christ, Sonny! I am so horny right now. Are you busy? Can I ask you to . . . "
My phone rang. It trilled again and I gritted my teeth. "Kyla, I am sorry, I have to take this."
She nodded, resignation and contemplation on her face.
Annie's voice greeted me. "Sonny? Time to fuck Honeywell bitch. Blondie girl wait for you at the front and take you to her office."
"Okay," I responded but she was gone. I adjusted my gaze to meet Kyla's.
She smiled wanly again. "It's okay, Sonny. If you have to go."
I nodded. "I do have to go. I . . . Kyla." I stood. "Things are rarely what you think they are."
She nodded. "You have no idea. Neither does Landon. I followed him down here. I thought he was seeing another woman. Sonny, I thought it was your mother. I thought Cici was doing my son behind my back."
I stood, bent over her and kissed her. Her expression did not change. "No, Kyla. Mom is fucking Brent. I can assure you that Landon is not hung up on my mother."
I left her then. The clock was ticking in my head. Alissa was waiting. On the elevator to the street I called Mrs. Rossini.
"Hello, Sonny." She said, she sounded groggy.
"Hiya, Sasha. How's the ass?"
"I am still sitting light, and sleeping less. What did you do to Brent yesterday. He fucked me before going to school today like an uber mensch."
I grinned. "I am wondering if you would mind if I came by with Melissa and Mom later today?"
"Of course. What do you have in mind?"
"Melissa wants to see me fuck my own mother."
Sasha gasped and then laughed. The guy in the elevator with me looked sideways at me and we walked out together onto the street. I stared at him till he went on. Sasha finally spoke. "You want to do it here?"
"If you don't mind? I thought you might like to see that as well."
"Taking reservations, are you?" She asked. "Don't answer that. Whatever the reason, I do not want to know."
I was just outside the lobby of Alissa's building. "Look, I need a favor. You know Kyla Clark, right?"
"Of course."
"Call her. Invite her over and if Brent comes home, tell her to fuck him for you."
"He is not going to be home till late. And besides why should I be giving away my house cock?"
"Oh, well, then keep her there till I get there. I'll explain it to her." Her question registered. "A favor to me?"
Silence. Finally, "Sonny, are you really going to fuck your own mother in my house?" Her voice quivered.
Fuck me, she was excited. I had no idea. I was just trying to give Annie a rest. What a bunch of twists I was fucking. "I am. I don't know how long before we get there but Melissa's plane is at nine so it will be pretty soon." I hung up and took the fast elevator to the fortieth floor.
I found the entrance to Peppers, Bickerstaff and Kline. I hesitated outside till I saw the blond woman staring at me. I pulled open the door and tried to saunter in like I owned the place. I doubt anyone was fooled. I wore a nice outfit with jacket and everything but with an open necked shirt; ties are not my thing. The blond, Blondie in my mind, stepped up to me and extended a hand.
"Mr. Duncan?" She said in a breathy voice.
I gulped as my cock twitched and began to inflate. I was already primed and this woman just frosted the cake. She was blond but the rest of her was pretty awesome too. I closed my eyes for a moment and when they opened I could see confusion and a bit of concern in her eyes.
"Are you okay, sir?"
I nearly giggled. This woman, twenty-eight or twenty-nine I figured, so nearly ten years older than me. She called me "sir". I shook my head. "How old are you, miss?"
The blush was so sudden and so profound I thought I had really fucked up but her eyes dropped and she said softly, "Old enough." She said.
I nodded an acknowledgement. "Twenty-five," I said confidently. "You look twenty-five. I'm always right about this."
When she looked up her green eyes were glittering and she smiled a not-very-businesslike smile at me. "Right this way." She breathed at me.
I shuddered. My cock twitched and grew. The woman turned and my eyes took a moment to get the image of her cleavage out of my mind. The tight red blouse hugged her and I envied it. I moved to keep close to her, eyes fixed on her sashaying hips. What legs! What an ass! The thoughts rattled around in me and put a hitch in my step while I tried to adjust my cock, giving it room to . . . whatever. I tagged along after her into a smallish office.
"Right in here. Make yourself comfortable." Miss Blondie gestured to the easy chair by the door. She slipped behind it and lowered the blinds looking out on the rest of the office and then tilted them closed. She turned and smiled at me, crowding the chair where she directed me to sit. "Mrs. Honeywell will be right with you."
I moved around her and she stepped to the door, her high heels made her walk like a young deer nosing through a thicket except she was full grown. She turned and hugged her breasts to the door frame. "Can I get you anything, Mr. Duncan?" She asked then her head twisted to look out of the room and she was gone. Something spooked her. I went to the door, hating the feel of an open door with my back to it. I noticed one of the gumbies from the previous week. The white one, one of the partners but realized I did not know his name, Bickerstaff or Kline. He was staring at me. I closed the door and sat on the far side of the room. The room was dim, lit only by the light from the big cubicle warehouse outside. The office was small, made smaller by the large wooden desk. I sat in a chair against one wall at the end of the couch/love seat. Another lounge sat at the other end right beside the door where Blondie had suggested I sit.
My heart thundered and for a moment I wondered if I was scared and then I realized I was imagining Alissa Honeywell bent over this big desk, my cock pressing into her body, her full, arched black ass bunching up against me as I entered her. I thought again of her gasping, ebony face, how her eyes fluttered and squinted as she felt a man enter her. When the door opened I jerked like I had been shot.
The gumbie appeared. "What the fuck are you doing here?"
I leaned back and stretched, balanced one leg on my other knee. "Sitting." I said. "Say, I remember you. You are one of the partners, right? Which are you, Peppers, Bickerstaff or Kline?" Before he could respond, I said, "Somebody told me Kline and Bickerstaff were twins but I did not believe them. So? Are you? Twins, I mean?"
The man's face went completely red, clear up into the comb-over that passed for hair. "Mr. Bickerstaff is black." He growled.
I snapped my fingers and put both feet on the floor and leaned forward. "Right! Right. He is the one with the sense of humor. That is how they tell you apart, right?" Honestly, I don't know what happens to me when I get scared. I get flirty or fucking chatty, bitchy I think, like a well-dressed switch-hitter who stumbles into a biker bar. I don't dress good enough to be gay but I always imagined this sort of witty repartee was what passed for the bitchy gay man under the eyes of some hulky homophobe; confused about whether to flirt or hiss and spit or run like hell. I did not like the looks of this asshole and yet I had to be careful, for Alissa's sake and my own, if I had any shot at their little job. That last thought locked in and I stood up and extended my hand. "Sonny Duncan, sir. Sorry to be such a smart ass. I have heard so much about you and what an impressive persona you have, I was stunned for a moment. I get chatty and stupid when that happens."
I almost burst with pride when the man shook my head, a look of confused pleasure on his face. I wanted a shower. At that moment, Alissa appeared at the door, Blondie peeking over her shoulder at me.
"Mr. Duncan? You are on time, I see." Alissa said in a chilly voice. She tilted her head. "I see you have meant one of the other partners, Mr. Kline, Sonny Duncan. You saw him at lunch last week."
"What is he doing here, Alissa?" The man rounded on her, planting hands on his hips. The cut in his suit coat widened and I imagined a tail poking out of the back of his pants. The image fit his stance so perfectly, I gurgled a choked laugh that earned me a glare from Alissa.
"I asked you a question, Mrs. Honeywell. What is this gentleman doing in my office?"
"Your office? This is my office until you and . . . until I get the office I was promised when I signed the partnership papers."
Mr. Kline ignored her. "I asked you a question. What is this, this boy doing in my offices?"
Alissa clicked her lips and let her breath out slowly. "I have some business with him."
"Business? What sort of business do you have with this boy? I am a senior partner and I deserve to know . . . . "
"My business." Sid's deep voice seemed to curdle the air from around the corner. Blondie gave away and disappeared. Sid's lanky, tall form created a shadow as he moved up behind Alissa. "Mr. Duncan is handling some business for me, private business. Business you best take no interest in, Mister, ah, I am sorry, was it Bickerstaff?"
I almost choked.
Alissa, seeming to take a cue from his appearance, stepped past Mr. Kline and moved behind the desk. I sat back down in my chair. Kline looked at Alissa, a questioning stare, a glare for me and then a smarmy, unctuous smile for Sid. Sid's expression did not change.
"Well, Mr. Kingston, if he is part of your business, I think it is only right that I be read into it right from the beginning. I am one of the senior partners, after all."
"Yes, you are but let us be clear. I am doing business with Mrs. Honeywell. Only Mrs. Honeywell. If that bothers you, I am sure I can find another firm."
"Oh, Mr. Kingston, that will not be necessary, will it Wilfred?" Alissa sounded scared. Before Mr. Kline had a chance to speak, Sid did.
"Mrs. Honeywell, I assure you our arrangement is not in any danger as far as I am concerned. If this gentleman and the other senior partner objects to how you handle my business, I am sure I can buy them out, change the name of this firm to Peppers and Honeywell." Sid grinned sardonically. "That seem a bit extreme don't you think, Mr. Kline?"
The man blubbered for a moment but then finally said, "Mr. Kingston, I just want to be sure you receive the best representation . . . ."
"I am sure you do." Sid turned around and spoke to someone whom I presumed was Blondie. "Would you ask the three women who arrived with me to join me here. They are still in the conference room, I believe. Thank you." Sid moved into the room and sat on the end of the couch closest to me. He extended his huge hand and shook mine. "How are you Sonny? Ready to do this?"
I could not help myself. "Or whomever." I said.
Alissa peeped and looked embarrassed.
Sid smiled without teeth and turned his big eyes to Wilfred Kline. "You are welcome to witness this final little bit of business if you like? I bet your curiosity is getting the best of you but, little kitty, you should remember what they say about curiosity." Sid settled back into the couch.
Kline looked down and he visibly straightened his shoulders and his egg-shaped back. "I am sure my involvement would benefit anything you need."
Sid lifted his eyes to the skies and shrugged his big shoulders in a large motion around his sigh; sort of phlegmatic, 'Have it your way' without the words. "You do have a very beautiful wife, Mr. Kline. Your second I believe."
Blondie appear leading Mother, Melissa and behind them, Annie. They trooped in. Melissa sat in the chair next to the door, Mom took the couch beside Sid and I got up and offered my seat to Annie. She nodded with a nervous smile and sat. For a moment, no one spoke, no one moved.
"Go, Mr. Kline or close the door." Sid nodded at Blondie. "Thank you Ms. Swearington. I appreciate all your help. I am sure Alissa will benefit from your particular benefits. I hope you enjoy working with her. Close the door for us, would you."
The blond Ms. Swearington glanced at Mr. Kline and when he did not bother to acknowledge her, she turned on the overhead light and left, closing the door behind her.
"So? What is this about?" Mr. Kline said in an avuncular tone. "I understand this is the last detail before you sign our contracts?"
Sid laid a big hand on my mother's leg and stretched his ent-like frame on the couch. It made his pants ride up and showed his gray socks and smooth nut-brown legs. My mother snuggled closer to him. I thought of sitting down beside them for a moment but then leaned against the wall at the end of the desk, liking my vantage point. I could not tell if I was a Roman, a lion or a Christian. I recalled Sid's comment about curiosity to the "little kitty". I decided this was the perfect time to make like a wise Roman and keep my mouth shut, so I did, secretly proud of my newly acquired super power. Then I thought of my smart comments to Monsieur Kline and I lost that flush of accomplishment. Only God knew what that little outburst would cost me.
Sid cleared his throat, still looking at me. His head swung back to Mr. Kline. "You have been researching me and you have discovered the aspect of my reputation that gives lots of men in your situation pause."
"My situation?" Kline said, nearly a sneer in his voice.
I glanced at Alissa and saw temerity in her eyes when hers met mine. She made no attempt to communicate, waiting to see what was coming next. I thought at the time she had more at stake than I did and admired her for her waiting. I was mistaken. Turned out I was Roman, lion and Christian.
"You have a trophy wife. What is her name, Portia?" Sid said.
In that moment, thinking back, I believe Mr. Kline realized he had stepped into a hole or maybe on a mine. "My wife? What does she have to do with it?"
"My reputation is for horning in on men who fuck away from home. But that is just sport, fucking a man's mistress right under his nose when he knows he cannot really object. But that is just sport. When it comes to business I am sure your investigation into me has revealed that I only do business with men. My reputation, I believe is that I fuck their wives, or girlfriends or sisters, a mother or two, daughters, whatever. It is a matter of business, a good exchange. My business for their most treasured pussy. I presume your various hints during the conference about the agenda being 'all there is to it' intimated at this and by now you are certain that it is all false. I assure you," Sid's hand slid high up my mother's leg. She bit a lip, stifling a gasp as his large hand moved under the hem of her tight, white, very unprofessional dress. Her legs parted and she slumped down on the couch. She jerked when his hand disappeared between her legs, his fingers must have touched her pussy. Her hips rose once, pressing against him.
Kline stared at her.
I was thinking that one huge cock and my mother turned into a cock slut. But her behavior made my cock hard. I wondered if I should try to hide my wood or not. Lion or Christian?
Sid continued. "I presume, Mr. Kline, that you and your partner thought it all bull, all hearsay and legend but I am here to assure you, both aspects of the legend are true. Are you sure you don't want to leave us to our business?"
Sid waited for Mr. Kline to pull his eyes away from the sight of my mother being fondled. The gumbie looked up and in a sort of a daze, shook his head.
"You want to understand how this is going to work, right? You thought that you would discover these stories about me are false or you would be in a position to take my business away from Mrs. Honeywell here, right? Because she is a woman and I only do business with men? Isn't that what you were thinking?" Sid stopped but then continued, giving only the merest impression that he cared about an actual answer. "You thought that I would not settle on Mrs. Honeywell because she is a woman and I would not fuck her husband or her son and since she has no daughter . . . " he glanced at Melissa who tucked her chin and cocked her head at him, the oddest smile on her lips. " . . . you thought I had not intention of doing business with her and that this was going to be your account, your business and you and your buddy were going to find a way to replace Mrs. Honeywell as my counsel. Isn't that right?" Now, Sid waited.
My mother groaned into the silence. Her head lolled back onto the back cushion of the couch. She lifted her hips, one hand gripping a cushion as Sid stroked her pussy.
Mr. Kline glanced at her and then returned his attention to Sid. He licked his nothing lips, so thin they looked itinerate mascara.
Sid ran his hand down my mother's leg to her knee and pulled it wider. My mother responded and she grunted when his hand disappeared under her skirt again, pushing it high on her thighs.
I got so hard.
"I did not introduce this woman. Her name is Cecelia Duncan." He nodded at me. "She is Mr. Duncan's mother. Mr. Duncan has made an arrangement with my wife, whom I did not introduce. Mai Li Ting is my wife, Annie Kingston." Annie glared hard at Mr. Kline, no acknowledgement of his glance. "I beg your pardon. Annie is fucking . . . or rather I should say, Mr. Duncan is fucking Annie. He can fuck her whenever he likes and she likes it a lot I understand. Annie, why don't you show Mr. Kline that Mr. Duncan can have what he likes from you? Suck his cock for us, why don't you?"
I gulped. My vision of a quick poke with Alissa bent over the desk turned out to be much less complicated than this reality I was watching unfolding before me.
Annie did not hesitate. She slipped to her knees and knee-walked over in front of me; an arresting sight in any circumstances but particularly in that situation for she was well dressed and coifed to look professional and alluring at once. The sight of this woman on her knees licking her lips unhinged me. She looked up at me, her serious eyes replete with eye makeup and green shadow. My gawd but she looked sexy staring up at me like that while she found and unbuckled my belt. The sound of my zipper sounded like a scream in the suddenly silent room. She unhitched the button and my trousers rumpled around my waist. My cock ignored everything since my eyes were fixed on the woman's lips which she kept licking. She smoothed my slacks away from my cock and they sagged down my thighs. They tickled me and I had a sudden compulsion to giggle. Annie saved me by running the palm of her little hand up the cloth arch of my covered cock, which sobered me. Suddenly I could not breath.
Then my mother groaned into the silence.
My eyes opened and I could see Mom twisting on the couch. With two hands she daintily picked up the edge of her white skirt and stretched it up and off Sid's hand. Sid had his middle "FUCK YOU" finger buried deep in my mother's cunt, her white satin panties pulled to the side to accommodate his dark hand. She was pumping her pussy up and down on his long, knuckled finger, perfectly framed with her white garter straps and the sash of the white belt.
For a moment I wondered what had become of her thong, the one I had slipped my cock past in our kitchen.
Annie's head turned to look at the sound. When she turned back, she pulled my briefs off my hard cock, which stopped any wondering about unimportant shit. With both hands she skimmed them down my hips and onto my thighs. A little hand gripped my cock and bent it to her lips. She kissed the head and then her mouth opened and I felt her tongue swiping at me. I was glad for the wall behind me. I locked me knees and arched my back a little as Annie's mouth smoothed down the singing length of my cock.
Damn but I wanted to groan.
"The arrangement is to their benefit and with me out of the country," Sid shrugged, "I do not begrudge Li Ting her orgasms. She certainly has to put up with all the stories you have heard. Everyone sees her and wonders how she can be married to someone so obviously unfaithful. The answer to that is none of your business but there is something you should know. Mrs. Duncan, would you care to help?"
Cici opened her eyes. She turned her head and said, "What? Sid? Uhhhh, what?"
"My cock, Mrs. Duncan. Show this good man my cock. He seems to think the legend is a lie."
While my mother got herself together and got to her knees between Sid's splayed legs, Annie sucked on my cock. Each time I thought I was going to come into her luscious mouth, she would hesitate, stop and wait. I felt like she was scooping out my brains with her tongue.
"I am here, Mr. Kline, was it? I am here because of Mrs. Honeywell. She understood this aspect of how I do business and she arranged for this part of my business; offered it in such a way I decided to look no further. I am impressed with her willingness to use sex to get what she wants. You see, the way this is going to work is this. Sonny fucks my wife. I fuck his mother. Since I cannot fuck Mrs. Honeywell and have no wish to do a son or a husband, Sonny is going to fuck Mrs. Honeywell for me. He will fuck her whenever, however and wherever he likes which in this case, since I am making a rather notable exception to my legend, will be quite often, I assure you. I will get my pound of flesh and Mr. Duncan there, will have his fill of your Mrs. Honeywell. In exchange for my business, Alissa has agreed to become his willing mistress. However, now that you insist in being read into this part of our deal, you are going to have to participate. You and your partner." Sid stopped talking to lift his ass.
Mom pulled his trousers and BVDs down his body, down his thighs and down to his ankles. His bare ent-legs glistened smoothly in the dim light, hairless and brown.
"Jesus Christ!" Mr. Kline muttered.
Mom put both hands around Sid's huge cock and tried to fit the mushroom head into her mouth. She licked, she slurped, she sucked. The cock swelled, straightened, stiffened and rose.
Sid tapped the side of Mom's face. "Mount me." He said softly.
Mom did not hesitate. She struggled to her feet and swept her panties down and off her legs.
Annie withdrew my cock from her head and, still sitting on her knees, twisted to watch my mother mount her husband. I noticed Melissa staring at Sid's monster cock.
"Fucking fuck me." Melissa whispered. "Oh fuck me!"
Sid put his legs together. Mom spread her legs and balanced on one knee, the other on the arm of the couch. She fit the head of the cock inside the entrance of her pussy and then she grunted and leaned into Sid. Sid held her by the hips and helped her control the cock piercing her body. Mom's body bucked once and she lost her hold. Her hips dropped a few inches. She twitched and grunted and then started to shake. She found her balance on both knees and pulled her hips back. Then she pounded them forward and down, taking half of Sid's monster cock deep into her welling body. She bent forward and lay her head onto Sid's shoulder.
Sid opened his eyes. "You see? Sonny's mother, fucking me while my wife sucks his cock. He could fuck her but he has something else to do this afternoon, I understand. He is going to fuck Alissa but only if you agree to this arrangement."
Mom moaned and her body slid lower onto the huge cock. She lifted up, pulling off of it before pressing her body down onto it again. She made no further progress. Suddenly she bucked, squealed and her whole body stiffened. She jerked and fell sideways off of Sid's cock onto the couch. She lay on her side, facing Sid, twitching and jerking, her skirt hiked over her pale, smooth hips.
Sid stood, pulled up his pants, put away his cock and sat back down. He pushed my mother's dress higher off her hip and planted his big hand on it. "Mr. Kline, here is the choice for you and your partner. I presume you want to do what is required to finalize our deal today, now, right? If you want my business, your wife, her sister and your ex-wife have to fuck me. Your partner's wife and his daughter both have to fuck me. Do that and you two gentlemen will handle my business. Oh, Bickerstaff's niece and you both have a mistress. I'd need to fuck them as well."
Annie slipped her lips along the length of my cock, not stopping until my cockhead pressed past the back of her mouth and into her tight, convulsing throat. Gawd I wanted to come! But she clinched the base of my cock while she held me buried in her mouth. I glanced at Alissa. Through the erotic fog that obscured the world, I could just make out the look of horror on her face—not about Annie sucking my cock but at what Sid had just said.
"No." Kline breathed. "I can't. She, they . . . impossible!"
Sid nodded. "I tried to save you this. Now you understand the terms of Alissa's agreement, you as a participating partner must contribute. Wife, ex-wife," Sid chuckled. "I like that, collecting an ex-wife. That is fresh."
"Fuck her. You could have that bitch if you wanted."
"I do want." Sid sobered. "Wife, ex-wife, sister-in-law, oh and your mistress. Sonny fucks them all. Bickerstaff contributes his young wife, his adult daughter and his youngest sister or niece—he can decide. Oh, no wait, he is not here so he will contribute them both. And his mistress. That is this part of the deal that you have been read into. Now, I am a fair man, Mr. Bickerstaff . . . "
"Kline." The plump man squeaked.
Sid stared balefully at the man, astonishment that a partner could be so stupid. "Whatever. Look, if I was going to do what I said, I would fuck them all myself. But I as I said, I am a fair man. I will be content if Sonny her fucked them all for me. You understand? The alternative before you is this. Provide my associate here your family pussy or I will take Mrs. Honeywell and go somewhere else. Do you understand?"
Kline nodded slowly. He glanced at Alissa but she ignored her.
I could not tell if she was scared or about to laugh.
Sid continued. "And just so we are clear, I will ask for your input when I want it and only then. Till then, I expect you to let Mrs. Honeywell do her job. Because the next time you put your nose where I do not want it and where it does not fucking belong, I will fuck all of your family pussy till they echo, then I will do them from one side while Mr. Duncan here does them from the other side. They will either never forgive either of you or they will never give you another sniff of that luscious pussy you like so much."
Sid smiled his most rapacious smile. "I have my research team as well, Mr. Kline. Never presume that I am haphazard in my business dealings and believe me, your women are not part of the business your firm and I am going to do. But both you and your buddy need to understand who is who and what is what. So Sonny, here will fuck them all. I will take your word and Mr. Bickerstaff's word that you will make good on this agreement but I will not wait long to hear that Sonny has done them all, mouth, cunt and ass. So when you sell it to them, make sure that they know they are going to be well and truly fucked. I happen to know that Sonny is an accomplished ass man. Annie enjoyed a length of his cock in her ass just the other day, while I watched." Sid laughed now, genuine delight in his voice and eyes.
Annie's mouth took on an expressive urgency on my cock and I nearly came again. A hand rode her head as it bobbed back and forth on my cock. Fuck but I liked being blown like this. I could not believe I was so excited.
"I tell you, Kline, this guy, look at him. My wife is sucking him and he is enjoying himself. Alissa, I think it is time to pay up . . . well, if Mr. Kline has no objection to providing his assurance that the women I just specified will be fucked . . . Mr. Kline, can you speak for Bickerstaff?"
Annie pulled her mouth off my cock, got unsteadily to her feet and returned to her seat. She left my cock glistening in the wind. I did not know what to do with it so I kept still, hoping no one would notice my bare cock. Alissa and Melissa both stared at it with roughly equivalent looks. I hoped I interpreted the look in their eyes correctly. I called it "hunger" and felt good about myself.
Kline looked like someone had just broken a raw egg into his mouth. "I . . . I . . . " he stuttered. He took out his phone and hit a button. "Bicky, you fuck. It was all true. Yes, both. No, there is no fucking mistake. I saw his cock. I stood here and watched a woman try to mount him. She took half of him before she gave up. He made her come without half trying. No. No chance. Impossible, not your wife or mine either. He wants Portia, Becky, Portia's sister Taylor. You have to give him Dannielle, Sophy and, er, you have a younger sister?" Kline held the phone away from his ear. "Not him, Bicky, not him. A boy, the kid Alissa mentioned about that other thing, from the other day. Kingston wants him to . . . yeah that's right." He held the phone away from his ear again.
Sid pointed at him. "And Clara Swearington and his mistress too, Tina something? Tina Louise, a white woman, I think she was. Black hair, freckles, huge tits and a ripe apple ass."
Kline goggled at Sid, then held up a finger. "Let me talk to him." Into the phone he said, "Goddammit, Bicky, you said this would all work out! You can't fucking back out now that you find out you are wrong. If we fuck this up Peppers will . . ." Kline stopped and looked around the room. He went to the door and out of it.
"Close the door, would you?" Sid said into the resulting silence.
Melissa did. She sat down, staring at the floor. No one moved. My cock got cold, coated with Annie's service.
"Should I fuck Alissa now?" I asked Sid. He held up his hand. The look I got from Alissa was hilarious. I had twisted her psyche into knots and this whole situation continued that. I could not tell from the look if she was hot or frightened, whether she was disappointed or relieved, maybe both; whatever she was, it appeared as intense focus.
"Fuck Annie, if you like." Sid said casually after a slight hesitation..
Annie uncrossed her legs and stood up. She moved to me and grasped my cock in her little hand. She moved in front of me and lay down onto the desk. I lifted her pleated skirt and found garters and a tiny thong. I moved it aside with a finger. I whiffed her excitement. She bowed her body and then arched her hips, parting them and presenting me with the flowering lips of her pussy. I thrust between her cunt lips and she grunted and mumbled in Chinese. I was rearing back to run my cock deep into her when the door opened and Kline appeared. His eyes flickered over the sight of Annie laying on the desk. Blondie was behind him, Clara Swearington. Her eyes widened along with her mouth. She gasped and staggered into Kline.
"Close the fucking door!" Kline hissed.
I ran my cock into Annie and she groaned. Her overheated body bucked and her depths clinched onto me, gripping my cock in a wondrous hold, shattering whatever control I thought I had.
Blondie closed the door.
"Bicky, Mr. Bickerstaff says okay." He growled. He turned to Ms. Swearington. "That fellow fucking . . . fucking, he is the one you have to fuck." Kline fixed his eyes on the woman and waited till she pulled her eyes from the convulsing woman on the desk and nodded.
"Yes." She sighed. "Yes, okay." She smiled into my eyes. "Now?"
"Fuck no. Whenever he wants. Get out and tell no one about this."
"Duh!" She growled back.
I pulled my cock out of Annie just before Blondie opened the door to leave. Her eyes fixed on my glistening cock then she met my eyes and gave me a brilliant smile. Annie sighed, moaned for a moment and then struggled to her feet and back to her chair.
"Alissa. Your turn." Sid said.
Alissa wore a business suit, jacket, cream blouse and a straight skirt. I had been pondering how I was going to fuck her since she appeared, wondering why she wore the tight skirt. It would have to come off. I wondered if she thought about this moment when she dressed this morning.
She unzipped her skirt and shuffled it down off her astonishing ass and hips. She wore a half-slip.
I pointed at Melissa. "Want a taste of Annie? Just a taste before I fuck your sister?"
I saw Sid's glance at Melissa and a half smile while he shook his head. I had been watching Melissa shift and twitch in her chair. She stood so fast she looked sheepish. She approached me and got to her knees. While Alissa removed her slip, revealing her own garters and no panties, Melissa licked at my cock. Her mouth opened and she sucked my cock into her mouth. She immediately backed off.
Mom, on the couch, righted herself and pulled her panties back on. "Mercy I am wet," she said with wonder in her voice. Her panties on, she looked up at me. "Honey, did you really give me to Sid?"
I pressed on Melissa's forehead and she backed away, stood and returned to her seat. I pulled off my shoes and pants. Alissa watched me.
Kline moved back to the door of the office. "I don't fucking believe this." He murmured.
"How do you want me?" Alissa said, her eyes half-closed. Her voice lilted and she smiled at me as I finished striping off my pants.
I glanced at Sid. He gestured with an open hand. "I only watch once in a while. It is not really my thing."
"From behind," Kline hissed, "Take off her shirt and bra. I want her naked."
Alissa did not hestitate but shucked off the jacket and unbuttoned her blouse. Her breasts came into view.
I had almost told the turd to shut the fuck up and maybe Alissa sensed that. Sid said nothing so she acted. But I sensed she wanted to be naked, wanted everyone to watch her fuck me, watch her come. I doubted she would come, I had wondered the night before if she could come. Till that moment, I thought it would be a poke, a stroke and thank you ma'am but I saw then that this was going to be a full-fledged fuck.
Naked, Alissa bent over her desk, dragging her breasts along the top of her desk as she lay down. She reached behind herself and gripped her ass cheeks and pulled them apart.
"Say it." Kline whispered.
"Oh Sonny, come fuck me!" Alissa sighed as she settled her nude body onto her desk.
"Yes, Sonny, fuck her." Sid said.
"Fuck my sister, Sonny." Melissa added.
"Fuck her, son." Mom joined in.
Annie looked over at me and then smiled. "Fuck Mrs. Honeywell, Sonny. Fuck her good!"
The echoes of Kline's command seemed to diminish it and him. It had the opposite effect on me.
I felt a huge wave of erotic energy flood around and through me. I smirked. "Well, it seems unanimous." I moved around the desk, pushed the chair into the corner, grasped Alissa by the hips with both hands but had to release one to direct my cock into her parted pussy lips. Seated in place, I shoved my cock into the black woman. With both hands I gripped her black ass and shoved my cock deep into her. She groaned and shuddered, lifted her hips and snapped them back at me, driving her pussy down hard onto my cock. She was slick and hot and my cock seated into her body immediately.
"Oh, oh, oh fuuuuuucccccckkkkkk!" Alissa keened. I withdrew a few inches and then ran my cock into her body once more. "Yes, fuck, yes!" She hissed, sucking air through her teeth. Her hands pulled on her ass cheeks hard and tight. I ground my cock into her and she shuddered again. I pumped into her several times before seating myself fully inside of her and grinding, swirling her steaming flesh with my cock.
"Holy fuck. Holy fuck!" Kline grunted. He lifted his phone and snapped a picture.
Sid, for a big man, can move fucking fast. He had the phone away from Kline before the man could blink. He gripped it in one huge hand. "Dick." He muttered. "I should fuck your ass for that you fucking idiot."
Alissa missed it all. I began to bang against the twin cushions of her wondrous ass, pounding at her. Each time I pulled back I yanked her back off the desk so I did not pinch her against it. She released her own ass and found a firm hold on the desk. I hammered into her. She grunted with each stroke, offering me resistance that ground us together. The initial little climax had fired her passion. It was molten in her. I felt her body clinch and jerk and then my own orgasm flashed through me. My hips ground into the luscious woman I owned, filling her with cum. She jerked, she pulsed and then she squeaked, a scream escaping through gritted teeth. Her hips shimmered and then she jerked hard just once and relaxed.
My cock slipped free of her and I staggered sideways to sit bare assed in her office chair.
Sid turned to Kline. "All of them. Both of you. Sonny, Mr. Duncan gets them all on demand. Do you understand me? Do not fuck with me, Kline. Tell your buddy he does not want me fucking his women either. If either of you back out, I'll have them all myself. Understood?" Sid did not wait for a reply. "Now go."
Kline opened the door but Sid stood and crossed to him.
"Oh, Kline, tell Bickerstaff that you two need to leave the women you are fucking alone till Mr. Duncan has been inside them, mouth, ass and pussy. Understand? I have some homosexual friends who would love to try to convert the both of you just for the fun of it. So no cheating on us. And no funny business, I'll know and when I know, you will fucking pay with your little virgin asses." With a big hand, he pushed Kline out the door and closed it.
"Fuck me." Melissa said.
I looked at the little digital clock on Alissa's desk. It said three-twenty.
I started dressing. "We have to go. Melissa, your flight is at nine, right?"
She nodded.
I wiped my hands on Alissa's ass. She did not move but lay still. I bent over her. "He is not going to fuck you. Just as well get dressed. I'll see sister Messy gets to the airport." I whispered.
I looked at Sid and he grinned at me. "This is the best part of my business. What dicks. Thought they could snake this account from your woman there. They will learn not to fuck with me because they really do not want me fucking with them, or theirs." He rumbled.
I hesitated but mentally shrugged. "Sid, I am not sure I understand something. Can I ask something?"
He nodded, turning to help my mother stand, which she did only to shift her ass back and forth with a blissful look on her face. "Shoot, Sonny, but I need to get back to the conference room to sign the docs. This finalizes the deal nicely. Thank you. But shoot, what is it?"
Alissa stood up and I handed her, her bra. She looked at me. For good measure I bent and took a dark nipple into my mouth and sucked at her for a moment and she shuddered. She dropped the bra on the floor and placed her hands on my shoulders and held me in place. She sighed when I withdrew. "Sid, when you say you fucked all those women, I presume in China, how did you manage? I don't mean to put too fine a point on it but your cock is fucking huge. Could all those women take the whole nine yards?"
Sid shook his head. "In reality, only a few actually tried and maybe a dozen or so actually got me fully inside their twats. The rest, just the thought made them swoon and, like you, I had someone else do the honors. I never watched very often but generally, I used guys who would owe me for giving them a particular woman to fuck. The women, mostly were thrilled to contribute theirs and get a little strange to help out hubby or brother or son or whoever. They like fucking for a purpose." He nodded, then, "but they did like fucking once the bra and panties came off. But make no mistake, your mother is special." He hugged Mom from the side and she blushed, still shifting her hips.
"I can still feel him, like he was still inside of me. I think I'll come while I am walking." She whispered, amazement infused in her voice.
Then, with Melissa and Mother close behind I sauntered, really sauntered past Ms. Swearington and out of the law offices of Peppers, Bickerstaff and Kline.
I shook hands with Sid. He sniffed his and grinned at me. I slipped an arm around Mom and with Melissa behind us, I staggered down to the elevator. Mom and I supported each other, both come drunk. The elevator arrived and we descended. I walked us across the street to the galleria elevator and up to the level where I parked before anyone spoke.
"Now what?" Melissa asked once the elevator door closed behind us. I turned to my mother and kissed her, a lover's kiss. Mom responded like she was ready to fuck. Her body molded against me. One hand caressed my cheek while the other rubbed up and down my side.
"Hey, okay, fine, I get it. You are a mother fucker." Melissa whispered.
Mom pulled apart from me. "You know what I want." She said.
I didn't.
She repeated it. "You know what I want? I want you to do Melissa. Enter her but don't come. Then whatever you do, that is up to you."
"I am taking you to Natasha's house where I am going to take off your clothing and lay you down on her bed and fuck you, Mom."
Melissa gasped.
"Melissa wants to see us. She wants to watch me mount you. " I looked at Melissa. "Isn't that right, Mrs. Crawford."
She shook her head. "You two have such wonderful fucking ideas!"
I pulled Mrs. Crawford into the loop of my free arm and walked both women to the door of our car.
"I want to sit in back. I need to rest, relax and . . . " Mom trailed off.
I unlocked the car and turned to Melissa. She smiled and kissed me lightly on the lips. She wore the outfit she had worn on the plane. I reached under the skirt and ran my hands up her legs. I was immediately hard. Mom opened the door and sat, legs out, feet on the concrete.
"Take her against my window." She said in a soft voice. "I want to see it from behind her." She pulled her legs in and slammed the door.
I peeked around and saw no one. I maneuvered Melissa's back against Mom's window and lifted her skirt. Melissa wore no panties and only a garter belt and stockings. She spread her feet and arched her back, presenting her pussy to me. Her hands deftly unwrapped my cock. With my pants at my ankles and my briefs binding my thighs, I gripped her thighs and entered her. Melissa shuddered and grunted. Her body resisted me, taut and slick with her excitement. She groaned and popped her pussy at me twice, taking me deeper each time till I felt her inner tension release and my cock slide deep into her body. Minutes before I had fucked her sister.
"I was fucking your sister a few minutes ago." I said softly, speaking my thoughts.
Melissa groaned and began to grind her hips at me, surging and sagging away from me. Her fluids flooded out of her, running down her legs and mine.
Mom tapped on the window.
I pulled Melissa away from the window and lifted her skirt high over her hips. She groaned as I pressed her bare ass against the cool glass.
Mom tapped again and I looked around the black woman. Mom was pointing over my left shoulder, mouthing something. I nodded, pulled free of Melissa's body. She whimpered but as I quickly covered myself, a car cruised past us. I opened the door and Melissa got into the car. Minutes later I was on the freeway headed back towards our neighborhood and Mrs. Rossini's bed.
Mom laid down on the back seat and in moments she was asleep. For the first part of the ride, Melissa just gazed out the window. Neither of us spoke.
After a while she spoke. "Is it true you write books on Amazon?"
I glanced at her but nodded. You are a star, I thought, smiling at the woman.
"You use your name?"
I shook my head. "Medium McClusky." I said, feeling that lurch I get in my gut when I lie. But what was I going to say? You are on literotica? Congratulations, everyone knows you fuck your nephew and love pussy? Hardly a wise choice. It is true she was a gorgeous, sexy black woman. That would have to be sufficient. I told her that.
She nodded. "Thank you. What is it called?"
"A, The Pleasure Contracts, actually. There are a couple. I hope to get a few more done, a, soon. It's a series about a guy about my age who is seduced by an older woman and then gets to fuck a whole variety of women because of it. There is a contract for pleasure involved."
"A guy thing, then. Variety? One of every kind of woman? Fucking just out of curiosity?"
I nodded. "Sort of but more complicated." I shrugged. "Might not be your thing."
She nodded and looked out the window again while I drove.
"I never got a chance to ask you. Do you remember, yesterday?"
Melissa looked over at me and grinned. "I doubt I'll ever forget it." She said in a husky voice that trickled over me like a woman's hand in the dark.
"I mean, do you remember what you agreed to?" I pressed.
She shrugged. "Tell me. I might have said about anything while I was coming."
"You remembered this morning. You said anytime Sammy wanted you . . . . " I trailed off.
She did look over at me then. She shook her head. "No. I said I wanted to fuck Sammy anytime I visited. You said I had to fuck him and his father."
"But you agreed." I saw Mom's head appear in my mirror. Her eyes were barely open.
"Sammy and his father? Really?" Mom asked. She slumped back out of sight. "I thought I was pathetic but I am just hooked on giant cocks." She sighed. "I am pathetic."
Melissa glanced over her shoulder. For a moment she was silent but then she said, "I may be pathetic but how many women have ever had a father and son in her at the same time? It won't become a habit but fuck me! I get quivery and weak just thinking of having Sam in my pussy and Sammy ramming my ass. Fuck me but I love it all!"
I nodded. That was what I needed. I took our exit and at the stop light punched my phone and dialed Sammy. He answered. "Hey Sonny!"
"Sammy, I am driving so only have a minute. You busy tonight?"
"Nope, well studying to do but nothing I cannot adjust. What you need?"
"Be at Brent's house at six sharp. Bring your cock."
Sammy wheezed. "I never leave it lying around. Do you?"
The light changed. "Gotta go. See you as six." Stupid to drive and talk at the same time. Like trying to do homework and fuck at the same time. Neither one gets your best.
I glanced at Melissa. She was smiling. "What?" I asked.
"Nothing. You want me to fuck him."
I shrugged. "I want him to take you . . . ." Mom chortled in the back seat. " . . . to the airport." I finished. "You are both adults. If you want to stop for a quick something something along the way, what is that to me?"
"I am his Aunt." Melissa said. "Shit. I am fucking my nephew. I fucked him. He rammed his cock into my ass and I sucked his cock and he fucked me normal. I never thought those words would come out of my mouth or that his cock would go in it. I cannot help it, I get a thrill running up my legs and down my back when I say it out loud like that. I get just nuts inside. Jeezus, Sonny, you have to fuck me!"
"I thought you were just watching." Mom asked from the backseat.
Melissa twisted to look at her. "Okay, fine. I'll watch you fuck your son." She straightened. "I may be some sort of twist but I get nearly the same thrill when I say that! You are going to fuck your son. He is going to put his cock into your pussy. I am going to watch Sonny fuck his mother."
With the f-bombs exploding all around us, I half-expected my mother to object and try to censor the black woman. Melissa turned around and looked me. "You know what I really want." She spoke in a whisper.
For a moment I was confused but then realized the words seemed like a question but she had not asked a question. I glanced at her and tried to guess what was in her lizard brain.
"I can hear you whispering." Mom said from the back seat. "Oh, fuck, I don't care. Just so you fuck me."
Inspiration struck me hard on the heels of Mom's f-bombs. I wanted to look at her and see if she was toying with me or in despair but I was driving and I had to voice what was bouncing around in my head. "You want to eat my cum out of my mother?" I did make it a question. I could not help it.
Melissa's face registered shock when I glanced at her. Behind me I heard Mom sit up and lean over the seat. She whispered in my ear. "I heard that. The answer is yes." Mom said, her voice taut. She sat back, leaving the tendrils of her warm breath slinking through my body. My cock roused and then flashed erect. An erotic shiver ran through me like I was possessed. I was. Erato had gripped me hard and had not let go of me.
"How the fuck could you know that?" Melissa breathed.
"He is like that, Messy Melissa." Mom said from the back seat. She sounded drunk. Then she sat forward and lightly kissed the side of my neck, licking at my skin with a hunger I loved feeling from her. "I want it all, Son. I want this twisted Nubian princess to watch you take me, to mount me and see me thrash through climax after orgasm with my own son. I want her to put her lips to my cunt and clean our cocktail out of me and make me come if she can. I want you to sell me to Sid so he can fit me over his cock like a human condom and fill me up with cock and I want to cum till I am stretched out like the fat lady's sweat pants. I want to be so stretched out all anyone else will want is to jam their cock up my ass or in my mouth. I want to be able to say 'fuck' in a sentence without blushing. " She giggled and settled back into the back seat. "Mrs. Crawford, eat me."
I remembered I had asked Natasha to call Kyla and I wondered if she had? I turned onto the Rossini's street and drove to their drive and parked to the side so Brent could get past to his garage. Their house had three cars.
I turned off the car and looked at Melissa. "Are you ready?"
She nodded. "I am just watching. Shouldn't you be asking the woman in the back seat, not me?"
"I am ready, Sonny." Mom said softly. "Oh my, I am so ready. Is Tasha going to be there?"
"Watching." I said. I got out of the car and walked to the door. Melissa and Mom arrived about the time Natasha opened the door.
"You're here." She said only, when she opened the door. She turned and walked into the house, back to her bedroom. I followed and after an instant's hesitation, Mom and Melissa did as well. Natasha stood facing the door of her closet across her bed when I arrived. I moved in behind her, circling her waist with my hands and running them down her thighs. She wore a pair of pink jeans for breast cancer awareness month and a flimsy white blouse. Her thighs bulged in the tight jeans, firm and full, forming about her ass in a most flattering way. I ran my hands up and down her body. When I cupped her breasts, she sagged back against me.
"By the stars, you would think after Saturday I would have had enough to last for a year but Brent fucked me this morning and now I want it again. I love it! What have you done to me, Sonny Duncan?" Natasha cooed.
Mom arrived beside us on one side and Melissa arrived on the other.
"Is Mrs. Clark here?" I asked as I nibbled at Mrs. Rossini's ear. She wiggled against me, giggling lightly.
"Uh, no. I, uh, called her but, uh, I have not seen her. She said she would cuuu, cuuu, come."
I released the twanging woman, turning to my mother. I took her into my arms. She smoothed against me like a mink coat. I kissed her lightly on the lips. "You two sit down. I am going to make love to my mother." I said in a hoarse voice. Mother fairly gleamed with pleasure. Words are so rich in potential when applied like a tender touch in a surprising way. I felt the other two women leave us. There were chairs at either end of the dresser, one a straight backed by the door and the other a sitting room chair.
Mom looped her arms under my arms and over my shoulders. She rose to tip toes and I kissed her hard. Her plush body pressed against me and for a moment, she was new and mysterious and fresh and eager. I could feel her need and want emanating from her, radiating like an attractive force. My cock swelled and twitched in my pants. I kissed my mother hard on the lips and then when she gasped and broke her lips loose from my mine, I kissed down her neck. She shivered and lifted one foot and tried to climb me like a greased pole. I kissed to the crevice of her breasts, holding her by the ass and lifting her as I licked and kissed at her cleavage. She shuddered, her hands gripping my shoulders . Her hips began a subtle, pulsing thrusting in my hands, punching me in the stomach with her pussy as I licked down between her breasts, bending her backwards. Her legs lifted and she locked her heels behind my knees. It unbalanced us and I staggered with her full weight in my hands, she hung from my shoulders till we hit the bed and fell onto it.
I got awkwardly to my knees, one on each side of my mother's supine body. She lay looking up at me, a queer little smile on her lips, her eyes watching. I understood immediately. She was waiting. I slipped my hands under her ass and leveraged her to the center of the bed. She put one hand on my enlarged cock then retrieved her other hand and began to open my pants.
"Scissors." I said once, then again.
"Tasha? Tasha!" Melissa's raw voice rose behind me. "He wants scissors."
Mrs. Rossini grunted and a moment later, she lay a pair on the bed beside my hand, as Mom opened my pants and put her hand around my cock inside my briefs. I did not look at Mrs. Rossini. I was focused on my Mother. I picked up the scissors and got to my knees between my mother's open legs. She stretched her arms over her head and lay still, her eyes watching me, that peculiar smile on her lips. She wiggled her ass and widened her legs. I got between them and she widened them again about me and then became still. With finger and thumb I took hold of the hem of her white stretch dress and pulled, lifting it towards her watching eyes. The fabric peeled off my mother's body a little at a time, twisting and bunching before slipping along her wide thighs. The tops of her stockings came into view; the straps of her garters two on each side and then the frame of her white satin panties covering the pussy.
When I released the dress, it snapped over her crotch, covering her. I lay down the scissors and with both hands, peeled it back up her body till it bunched over her waist. When I released it, her garters and the dark blur of her pussy remained in sight. I picked up the scissors and lifted my eyes from my mother's pussy to her eyes. She was watching me but meeting my eyes did not change her expression. She waited on me. I waited till she lifted her hips, a slight waver in her body that lifted her pussy, pointing it at me. Mom closed her eyes and looked away, pressing one cheek into the upper flesh of the arm stretched beside her face.
I took my cue. I slipped the blade of the scissors under the fabric of her panties, pressing the cool metal against Mom's spread hip.
"Ohhhh." She sighed into the silence.
I closed the scissors and they merely bound in the clothe of her satin panties. I corrected the approach and made the first cut. The tight satin cloth relaxed around my mother's pussy and leg. I made another cut and another which opened her left leg, releasing the panties entirely. I twisted to the left and inserted the single blade of the scissors under the remaining satin of her panties.
Mom moaned again and hips lifted just a little. "Ohh honey!" She breathed. "Who would have thought scissors could feel so, so sexy!"
I closed them for the first cut and she twitched. I closed them again and Mom cooed, pressing her face hard against her extended arm, eyes closed. When I cut the other leg of the panties free, she immediately lifted her hips. I pulled the satin free of her body and tossed it off the bed. My mother waited.
I tossed the scissors off the bed and made my pants comfortable around my thighs. I took hold of my cock and bent it to touch Mom's pussy. It gaped, glistening and open like the proverbial flower. She did not respond except to stop breathing. With one hand I pressed the head of my cock through the folds of her pussy and into her body.
"Oh Son, Son, Sonny!" She gasped. Her body seemed to be stretching, tightening with anticipation.
I held the head of my cock inside of her for a moment and then bent over her. Her face turned up and her eyes opened. Without warning, she raised her torso off the bed and kissed me hard, mouth open, full of tongue and passion. I held myself aloft for a moment but then tipped over onto my hands and my cock sank past the entrance of my mother's body, sliding through the lush flesh, descending into her while she kissed me. The penetration seemed to rouse her lips. Her hand found my shoulders and when her muscles could no longer sustain the strain, he pulled me down on top of her.
"Fuck your mother, Sonny. Give Mrs. Crawford what she wants. Give me what you want. Give me what I want. Ram your cock into me, Sonny. Oh gawd, fuck me!"
I did. I intended to go slow but the feel of my mother's body enveloping me, her legs rising about me and clasping about my knees to get the leverage to pump her hips at me as I fucked her riled me. I felt the rising orgasm, a swelling tide of pleasure that welled up in me. I rushed to inspire my mother and her body responded, sensing my approach to ecstasy. She lurched beneath me. Her arms stretched over her head again and she groaned into a long squeal, shaking, then her body bucked under me. My cock descended deeply into her shivering body. Her legs widened and I clicked a bit deeper into my mother. She tensed just as my orgasm swelled in me and I jerked into her, planted in her like ownership, the first of my many spasms painting her insides with cum.
My mother jerked into a tense, attenuated orgasm shivering with tension while I pumped into her pussy over and over again. My mind seemed to wander in the flood of pleasure and I felt her stocking covered legs on my legs, the garter belts on my thighs and hips, the belt and bunched band of her white dress on my abdomen. My mother shook through her orgasm, shaking and squealing. I reared back and crushed my cock into her and it seemed to start something new. The squalling turned to screams and she chanted "yes" and "come" and "ming" over and over again while I finished filling her pussy with cum.
I ran down, my batteries lost power and I sank down on my mother, keeping my elbows under me so I did not crush her. Her hips continued to pump up at me long after my cock quit spurting into her body. I was awash in the feel of her and all that happened, every other woman I had mounted seemed to unite to create this pleasure, to expand and extend it. My mother's hands caressed me and her lips kissed along my shoulder and as far up my neck as she could reach without moving each of us.
I either passed out or dozed because the next thing I remember was my mother's soft voice.
"Mrs. Crawford." She said so softly I thought I was hearing a sigh. The consonants altered the meaning of the sound and the next time she said it, a bit louder, a bit more distinct my brain registered. "Mrs. Crawford." She said again.
I knew what she wanted. My mother! She had spent a lot of years with my sisters, eating and being eaten; I supposed that it made sense that the idea she would like to experience another woman. Heavily, I moved off of her. I got unsteadily to my feet. My trousers bunched at my ankles. Mrs. Crawford and Mrs. Rossini stared at me, licking their lips. Both had a hand between their legs and Melissa was rubbing her considerable breasts with the other. I turned to my mother and dragged her to the edge of the bed, leaving her legs dangling off the edge.
Turning around, I smiled at Melissa. Her eyes got wide. When I shuffled over to her, not bothering to take off my shoes and escape my pants, she pulled her hand from between her legs and giggled. She put her dewy hand into mine.
"Mrs. Crawford, I believe you wanted to go down on my mother after she fucked me." I said in a cool voice. I felt so proud. What words came out of my mouth! I had in that moment one of those chaotic moments when I was once more that guy listening to my buddies discuss fucking the MILFs and that we should all contribute. I could not believe that a few months of pussy could rearrange a guy's mind and life so thoroughly. I pulled Melissa to her feet. She bent forward and kissed me.
"Jesus Christ, Sonny, you never miss a trick do you?"
"Anything for your pleasure." I said.
She nodded, almost speaking but then lapsing into that hungry, hundred mile gaze as her eyes swept past me towards my mother in her freshly fucked dishabille. She moved around me like I was a stone column. I sat and puzzled over my pants and shoes.
"Oh yesssssss!" My mother hissed into the room. I looked up from my private Gordian knot and its promise and saw Melissa bent from the waist, her hands tipping my mother's hips up and her mouth pressed fast against the entrance. Mom bucked and twisted from the tits up, like she was trying to get away but her hips did not move an inch. Well, not until they bucked up, crashing against Melissa's sucking mouth. Melissa pushed Mom further onto the bed but remained standing. It looked awkward but then it occurred to me what the woman wanted.
I pulled off shoes and slacks and skimmed off shirt and wife-beater. Nude, I stood up but my cock had not caught up to circumstances. My eyes found Natasha. She stared at my cock. I moved over beside her. "On your knees, Mrs. Rossini." I said loudly, wanting my mother and Melissa to hear.
Natasha did not hesitate but flowed out of the chair. The pink jeans were gone, puddled beside her chair. She put both hands to my cock, directing it towards her lips. Her tongued swabbed my cock. I stood still and bowed my head and closed my eyes. Natasha licked my cock but only after she fit her lips around it did it began to respond. Back and forth, her head moved, skimming her lips down the shaft of my cock, her tongue lashing the head of my cock when her lips sucked at it. As she pressed her head lower, she sucked harder and the pressure brought my cock back to life in four or five deep strokes into her throat. As my cock swelled, Natasha sucked harder and harder. She found one of my hands and pressed it over her breast.
I was ready. Much as I wanted to fuck Mrs. Rossini, I pulled free of her lips and then helped her back into the sitting room chair. She looked up at me with such longing I almost changed plans. But my brain reminded me that Messy was leaving and deserved some attention. I turned away from Natasha. She cooed with disappointment but said nothing. I went to where Melissa stood, bent at the waist, sucking, kissing, and licking my mother's pussy.
Melissa did not move when I lifted the dress above her hips. I pulled her panties down her gorgeous black thighs, unsure where they came from. The thigh-highs made her dark skin black. I removed the panties and tossed them onto my trousers. I gripped Melissa's hips and she arched her back and I entered her. Her head lifted. "Mrs. Dun, ahhhhh, Duncan, ahhhh", she panted as I fucked her from behind. "Mrs. Dun, Duncan, your son, your, your son is fuck, fuck, fucking me." Melissa managed to get out before Mom pressed the woman's black face between her pale white thighs. Melissa burbled and then resumed her ministrations. Her mop of kinky black hair covered my mother's pale, white thighs and ass.
Mom sat up, struggling up right. "Come in her, Sonny. Then I'll eat her." Melissa did something just then and Mom's eyes rolled up in her head and she dropped back to the bed. I pumped at Melissa's wonderful ass, feeling the firm arch of her butt cheeks against me as I pumped my cock into her expressive pussy over and over again. She began to sway with me but could not manage much motion. I bent over her and began short little flexing strokes. I reached around her leg and twisting to get a hand onto her pussy. I must have bumped the button because suddenly she went very taut. Her pussy tightened on me like a trap, clasping and seemed to suck my cock into her body. Then she grunted and her hips jerked back at me, bumping her ass against me with force and intent. She shifted her feet wider, bent her knees and bent her torso to lift her hips. Then she began to fuck me, her hips twerking back and forth in short, violent strokes that slicked along my cock in perfect, clasping unity while inside her body, she gripped and pulsed around me. Her head lifted and she groaned.
"Fucking me! Sonny, gawd you make me so, so, so climaxed so good! Oh fuck me, Sonny!"
I did and then I felt her begin to collapse. Her knees gave way and she shuddered, twitched and began to tilt to the side. I put an arm around her waist, carried her to the bed. She was nearly limp. Mom scooted away from us, taking a position with her back against the head board. I turned Melissa onto her back and mounted her again. She groaned as I entered her but then I reached bottom and must have touched something special because she shrieked and her body convulsed around me. I dropped to my elbows, moved my hands down to her black ass and slammed my cock into her. She exploded into a fresh flush of orgasms. I rode her and when she was still, I resumed plunging my cock in and out of her. Moments later, she roused and her legs lifted to clasp around my back. She used her legs to tilt her body up and take me deeper. After a dozen stokes deep into her molten core, she shook through another little orgasm. She turned her head and kissed my cheek.
I was forehead down beside her face. I lifted a little and when I kissed her full mouth, the feeling of her huge, plush lips kissing me with such passion fired off my orgasm and I filled her with hard, spurting cock. I flooded her pussy and she cooed and stroked my body as I filled her. She kissed my neck, cheek and ear while the climax wracked me. When I rolled free, Mom gestured at Melissa and she moved to sit against the headboard while my mother got between her black legs. Mom stared down at the pink gash in the woman's body. Mom pulled her dress over her head and unhooked her bra, releasing her breasts. She bent to kiss Melissa's freshly fucked pussy wearing only the white garter belts and stockings.
My phone rang. Natasha roused from her stupor, found it with fumbling fingers and handed it to me. "Hello?" I said without noticing who was calling.
"Sonny? Where are you?" Sammy Honeywell said into my ear.
"Mrs. Rossini's bed." I said dully, not thinking. I rolled to my back, the sound of my mother's sucking and Melissa's groaning swirled around me.
"Jesus H. Christ and Mickey Mouse, Sonny . . . " a long pause followed. "I forgot what I was going to say. Oh, right. Is Aunt Melissa there?"
"Just fucked her. Mom is eating her now, like she wanted. Are you coming over?"
"I think I am too late but yeah. Why didn't you call me?"
I thought for a moment. "I just warmed her up, Sammy. When she comes to visit, you'll have sisters to fuck. I doubt your mom will sit idly by and watch her sister fuck you all by herself."
Another long pause. "Fuck me." Sammy said.
"Besides, you have a new fucking car. Don't be greedy. You can always fuck Annie."
Sammy gleeped. "Are you nuts? Mr. Kingston is in town!"
I grinned to myself. "I made peace with him. He gets Mom and we get Annie."
"Your mom? Really? You traded her for Annie Kingston?"
"That and so he wouldn't kill me, I think. Your Aunt's plane is at nine so you need to get here pretty quick. That is, if you are going fuck her before she gets on the plane." I lifted up to look at Melissa. Her eyes were shining and her arms were over her head, gripping the headboard while Mom ate her. She saw me looking at her but her eyes did not really register. It dawned on me that Mom had had lots of practice over the years. My guess Melissa was getting a lesson in how good muff diving could be.
"I am on the street now. There in five." Sammy said and rang off.
I sat up, my head spinning. On the bed beside me, Melissa was thrashing into a new orgasm, gasping and choking. The doorbell rang. I got up. "That's likely Sammy. Don't move, Mom, keep Messy coming. He'll want to see this." I padded nude to the door. By the time I got there the cold air had cleared my sex crazed head and it occurred to me that I was opening the Rossini's front door nude. It brought me to my senses enough to look through the peep hole before I opened the door.
It wasn't Sammy.
I opened the door, pulling it wide to show my smeared and weary body. "Mrs. Clark. What are you doing here?"
She stared for a heartbeat and then bustled inside. "Sonny, for gawd's sake, get out of the doorway. What if someone sees you?"
"Oh, yeah. Little head was in charge." I shut the door and took hold of one of her hands and lead her back to the bedroom. When she saw my mother on the bed between Melissa's legs, she gasped. I thought I knew what she was thinking. "Want your chance?" I said softly.
Kyla Clark turned her face up to me and I knew we had to get her air tight soon. The whole night at the opera thing had unhinged her in ways I was only beginning to understand. Melissa thrashed through a quick little orgasm and then the sound of Sammy's music thundered into the room from down the room, rapidly approaching.
"Mom, Kyla wants to eat you." I said. "Melissa, get it together. Your nephew is here." Mom struggled to her hands and knees and then flopped onto her back. "She's all yours, Kyla." I said. She did not move.
I helped Melissa off the bed.
"My panties." She said, putting her clothing to rights.
"You won't need 'em. Home work. Fuck your nephew twice before you get on the plane."
"I'll smell like sex." She said.
"Should make an interesting ride home, shouldn't it?"
Melissa stared at me then closed her eyes and presented me with her lips. I kissed her lightly. Her beautiful dark eyes opened. "Sonny, you have unnerved me. I thought, I thought I was wild but I have learned better." She turned abruptly and walked over to Natasha and kissed her full on the mouth, holding her head with both hands. They kissed while the music died and till the doorbell rang. Kyla had not moved. Mom lay on her back, her legs open, nude but for the garter belt and stockings.
I tapped Melissa on the back and she released Natasha and straightened. "Yes. Ready. Thank you for sharing, Mrs. Rossini. Fuck Brent for me." She left the room, going into the bath to run a pick through her hair. Mrs. Rossini looked positively drunk. She looked up at me and smiled. "I want some." She sighed.
I felt a lurch. If I had any starch left, it would be a miracle. Melissa arrived as the doorbell rang again. I walked her out to the living room. When I opened the door, still nude, Sammy grinned and stepped past me. I closed the door and turned to find him pushing Melissa against the wall, pulling her skirt over her hips. His pants dropped and she squeaked, then groaned, lifting a leg and sliding it up and down his body as he entered her frothy pussy. Sammy hunched against his Aunt, grinding his hips against her. She turned her face to him and took his face in her hands and kissed him hard. Breaking the kiss as his pace increased.
"Yes, Sammy, fuck me! Oh yes, fuck me!"
A minute later, Sammy stiffened and rammed his cock into his Aunt, filling her with a new load of cum. He sagged, blending against the black woman for a moment before pulling his cock free from her, pulling up his pants and stepping back. "Sorry, Aunt Melissa. I just wanted to see if I could do that. I never came standing up before."
Melissa gawked then laughed. She righted her clothing as best she could. "We best be going, nephew of mine. I have to fuck you at least once more. Sonny says so."
Sammy shot me a look of mixed emotions before smiling and nodding. He got her bags and they left the house. Just as the door closed behind them, the garage door began to open. I mentally shrugged. If Mrs. Rossini had left herself vulnerable, best to be caught nude, I figured. If it was Brent, I thought it would be interesting to go back and see what he thought of the mess we made of his mother's bed.
A minute later, Brent opened the door and came into the house from the garage. He saw me standing there naked. I felt a little odd but he just nodded. "I saw your car. Fucking my mother, are you Sonny?"
I felt the edge in his voice and was glad I could answer as I could. "No. Mine. Yours just watched. You saw Sammy? Mrs. Crawford wanted to watch me fuck Mom. She has developed a taste for women so she ate Mom and Mom returned the favor."
Brent looked at me like, well, like I was nude.
"Oh, and Mrs. Clark is here. Fuck her, would you Brent." I spoke as casually as I could.
Cool Brent did not even blink. "It is about her turn, isn't it? Shouldn't we wait?"
I shrugged. "Your house, your rules. I am going to go back, dress and collect my mother and go home. I am beat and she is fucked out. You can do her another time."
Brent regarded me for a moment before responding. "You leave me two, who am I to be greedy, though I am worried that Mom is going to wear me down to a nub."
I chortled. "You? A nub? It would take an army of Amazon's and a bushel of Viagra."
Brent finally smiled. We walked back to his mother's bedroom.
Mrs. Clark was grinding her crotch into my mother's face while kissing and licking Mom's pussy in a classic sixty-nine. Natasha sat in her chair, her blouse open, bra loose about her shoulders, her tits hanging out. She saw Brent and waved. It was such a cute response I laughed. I gestured at Mrs. Clark. "Get her off Mom, would you. We need to get home." It was a faux necessity but wanted to get Mom home before the girls got home. Seeing her fucked out would not . . . oh, who was I fooling?
Brent calmly undressed while I dressed. Nude, his huge spear tilting up proud in front of him, he moved to the bed and rolled Kyla onto her back, ass end to. He then got between my mother's legs and fit his huge cock into her pussy and pressed it as far into her as it would go in one thrust, which was pretty far. Mom twitched, her eyes dully regarding Brent as he fucked her.
"Jesus Christ, Natasha, your son is fucking hung!" Kyla said sitting up.
"You can fuck him if you want. Get him to come quick, then it's my turn." Natasha Rossini breathed, hands massaging her breasts.
For a moment, Kyla's face looked shocked. The reality of the situation seemed to merge with her own condition. "Brent, you hear honey? Your mother said you can fuck me!" Her voice lilted with laughter.
Brent pulled his cock out of my mother and moved between Kyla's open legs and pressed it against her pussy. She banged her hips up at him; the big cock speared into her. She groaned.
"My gawd, he is huge, Natasha!" We all watched while Brent worked his cock deeper and deeper into Kyla Clark. When he was finally rooted fully into the smaller woman, she screamed into a violent orgasm, her legs wrapping around him. She ground her hips up at him while he pounded down into her. He cried out and rammed his cock full into Mrs. Clark. Mom moved to the edge of the bed and stood up, unsteady on her feet. I watched Brent fill Mrs. Clark while Mom dressed. I put on my shoes and walked Mom to the front door. Natasha had gotten onto the bed, stripped naked and she kissed Kyla as we left the room.
In the car, Mom looked over at me. "That was strange. For me at least," she said.
I nodded. Suddenly the previous week and the weekend caught up to me and I was exhausted, mentally, emotionally and physically.
"Kyla, she seemed to want that."
I nodded. I thought of trying to explain myself but found I had no words. At home, the house was empty. Mom shambled into her room to shower. It was barely seven o'clock. I showered and, with only a towel, I peeked into to see how she was doing. The light was on but Mom lay half uncovered, nude, with a bare shoulder and most of her back bared down to her wonderful ass. I went into her room, intending only to turn off the light but she roused and rolled onto her back. Her eyes opened.
"Lie down with me, Sonny. I want you to sleep with me. I don't care what the girls think. Fuck them, don't fuck them, just sleep with me. It has been a long time since I woke up with a naked man beside me. I miss that. A lot."
The girls would not be home till nine or ten. I dropped the towel and got into my mother's bed, sliding my naked body in behind mother's cool ass. She sighed and then rolled onto her back. I kissed her. Mom's hand found my cock and it turned turgid in her hand, then stiff, erect and hard. I think I left my body because I would have bet I had nothing left. But I guess my mother is a special woman! I kissed her again and she pulled me over on top of her. She fit my cock into her pussy and I sank into her once more.
"Oh, Sonny!" She cried as I bottomed out in her cunt still slick with fluid. "I cannot believe you gave me away to Sid Kingston." Her hips jerked up as I descended, meeting my down stroke with a half-hearted surge of her own. I had little energy but the feel of her lips aroused me and her plush body responded to me so perfectly. "He'll stretch me out, Sonny." She gurgled with pleasure as my cock ran up inside of her again. I was moving in slow motion. "I want it. I want that big cock inside of me again. I dreamed about it last night and woke with it on my mind."
"After the first of the year, Sid will come back after the first of the year." I wheezed. I felt all the strength draining out of me.
Mom shimmied, a little response to my cock. Her pussy was replete with lubrication. I had no idea I had this much starch. I had intended to go to bed and get up early and study, try to get caught up. I was a little behind. She lifted her legs hooked them on my thighs. She tilted herself up, making a straight shaft of her pussy so that I could stroke her with my cock without adjustments. She smiled sweetly.
When I came, it was a whimper. I jerked twice and then flopped down beside my sexual mother. I remember her leaning over me to turn off the bedside light, draping her breasts over my chest. She kissed me on the lips and lay down. I remember hearing the door open, the light coming on and hearing Tawny squawk, turn off the light and close the door. Two seconds later, Georgia did the same thing with Talia standing beside her. They left the light on long enough for me to sit up and ask them to turn it off. After a moment, Georgia turned to her sister and kissed her full on the mouth. Talia squeaked. The door closed and I went to sleep. It was not dreamless, I woke in the night with a boner and rolled Mom onto her back and took her while she slept. She came in her sleep as I fucked her. When I went to sleep that time, I did not dream. My dreams had come true.