Polly+Anna - Chapter 02 - by Polly+Anna (1500 words) Submission - Mike and Gina (1/30/20)
Having your mother's brother invite you to watch a "live sex show" in his backyard is probably not the way most young women get introduced to sexual submission and impact play. But we both trusted Mike, and as he said we could just go inside and watch a movie on the television if we decided we did not want to stay. Gina, his playmate for the evening was a friend of his from way back.
For Anna and me, being eighteen at the time, it was quite refreshing to see that life, and the true enjoyment of living, did not end at fifty. We had a nice dinner out on the patio together, Anna and I wore our tiny little bikinis the ones that Mike enjoyed watching us lounge about in. Gina complimented us on our physical charms. If I recall correctly, she said that both of us were delicious.
Gina was in nice shape herself. We had an after-dinner drink and cleared the dishes. Then Uncle Mike bade her to remove her bikini. It was far larger than ours, which stood to reason since she was more fully endowed up top, and in the rear, than either Anna or I were. Her swimsuit's larger triangles of fabric and strategically placed padding also concealed a secret. Gina's nipples and her labia sported large metal rings.
Uncle Mike walked over and took hold of Gina's right breast. Then he asked us if we had ever seen such an erotically appealing sight.
It was beautiful. Her generously sized, but not humongous, breasts each had very prominent nipples that extended far out from large areola. And each breast itself had a long, vertical, fairly large diameter silver colored stud ending in matching balls pierced right through it at the edge of the areola.
Each nipple, being as big as my thumb to the first joint, had a matching equally large diameter ring closed with a single matching silver ball pierced through the base of the nipple where it joined the areola. Down below her pubis was shorn of hair and she had several matching large diameter rings. Each one was closed with a single ball. There being at least three rings pierced through each of her labia major.
"How much did it hurt having all of that work done?" Anna asked the question that was weighing on my mind.
"Being pierced itself isn't so bad, especially inner labia." Gina said, "if the person doing it is knowledgeable and it is done quickly with nice sharp needles. That isn't the way mine were done, they were done as part of a session and were done very slowly to accentuate the sensations that I felt.
"You intentionally had them pierced in a more painful way," I said dumbfounded.
"A lot of this is about control," Gina said, "setting goals and exceeding them. Mastering pain and sensation, using the stimuli that your body receives to produce your own 'happy juice,' that can make you euphoric. It is the appeal of being spanked, and so much of the other play that we engage in. Come let me show you our toy collection."
They spoke then they explained to us that they wanted to show us their collection of sex toys, bondage gear and restraints, their paddles and insertables. That Anna and I should know that there is a whole world of options out there and that this was a safe place to explore and to ask questions. That they should show us what they do and how they do it so that we could make informed decisions.
Gina showed us a round paddle made of several thicknesses of black leather riveted together with smooth countersunk chrome studs. It looked like a very kinky ping pong paddle. There was a much longer, skinnier, rectangular one with multiple holes cut through it. "So that it will pass the air through those holes and thus move faster." Then we learned that the correct term for a toy with lots of "spaghetti" straps was a "flogger."
We knew a riding crop when we saw one. We were shown the significant difference between a leather prison strap and a belt. The qualities that contributed to the different sensations caused by canes made of varying natural materials, and the erotic purposes of the soft, supple black leather hood and mask with its matching collar with its under arm straps, the bustier, corset, wide leather waist band, crotch straps and accessories were all explained.
There was an entire selection of "fake penises," in both the motorized "vibrator," and non-motorized "dildo," variety. These were not to be confused with the "plugs," many of which had flanges to prevent "mishaps," that could potentially require, "embarrassing medical assistance." The importance of toys always moving from front to back and then to the dishwasher was stressed. As well as the liberal use of a squeeze tube bearing a label that said, "personal lubricant."
Many items that we were shown in the closet allowed for easy translation. There were thin but strong soft nylon ropes that could be looped around the bedposts or slipped under the mattress. They would fit the rings in the nice soft black leather wrist and ankle cuffs nicely. We had seen those ropes while making the bed one day. There was a flat leather thing with many silver buckles that was called an "armbinder."
There was a small pigskin leather zipper case containing smooth stainless-steel instruments called "urethral sounds," and a case of tips for the big red enema bag hanging in the bathroom. The thing with the leather strap that went through a red rubber ball was a gag. Something that we had previously seen cleaning up around the house turned out to be a gag as well, although it had a plastic tube instead of a ball.
Looking around the house we suddenly noticed things that we had never noticed before. Stuff that looked innocent unless you understood its proper usage. The sturdy bedposts with the polished acorn finals. The very heavy tables in the bedroom and the living room. Things that were hidden in plain sight. Those exceptionally "D" rings in the shower and the unneeded bars in the bathroom. What else was here? Perhaps Anna and I should find out.
Eventually, after they had explained their toy collection, and putting it all neatly away, we went outside. Well, we went outside after Dale had finished chasing Gina around the bedroom and then the living room while holding a buzzing vibrator and giggling like a small child. We followed them outside and were feeling a little bit conscious about being overdressed. Not that we were all that covered up, so we removed our swimsuits as well.
She sat in a chair poolside spread her legs, put her feet up and said, "School is in session. Start outside and move inside very slowly." She gently dragged the buzzing toy up and down the flesh just beside her labia and in spirals of decreasing diameter on her breasts. Occasionally making a distinctive sound as she touched a metal ring. "Out on the thighs, then gently on top. Be a tease, let it build."
She started at the bottom of her slit and pulled the vibrator slowly up the valley toward her hood. Stopping before she reached the head, she dragged it back down. After a few journeys up and down she pushed the tip into her hood and made a circle around her hidden pearl. "Try everything out, up, down, left, right. Sex taint 'one size fits all,' there's only one way to know what's right for you."
We watched intently as Gina spread her labia with her fingers and laid the toy the lengthwise in her very moist slot. The tip rested on her clitty which had come out to play, and she smiled as her body absorbed the vibrations produced. Then she gently dragged it back adjusted the angle and pushed it inside of her.
"You gals have all sorts of stuff in there that just loves those vibrations," Mike said.
"They all have names that you'll learn, but those are details," he added as he stood over Gina, watching her closely. As she worked the vibrator in and out of her steaming vagina, he gave us a play-by-play. "There is a nice spot just inside on in your bladder wall, one all around your urethra, a deeper one just in front of your cervix and another wa-ay one back on the wall with your butt."
"Oh, yeah," said Gina as she fucked herself with the vibrator. "It's not just us. Look at this," she said, as she softly ran the toy along Mike's shaft. It jerked and dripped a little. "He likes it when I do this while sucking him. He even likes it when I touch, even push on, his perineum. But he doesn't want it inside, everyone is different. That's so important ladies, push boundaries but respect "no."