Friday morning 11:00 AM...
"So, this is Whorton-Dickster."
Piper Cherry, formerly Liberty, arrived at Nashville's academic center quite a few minutes earlier than her scheduled interview with Principal Carl Manley. She wanted to see what she was getting into firsthand, this being her first real job outside of being an Atlanta Falcon's cheerleader, as well as being married to their once star player Davon Liberty.
Money was never the issue, even her family was filthy rich, her father being Senator Lane Cherry, her mother coming from an even wealthier sector amongst Georgia's elite. Spoiled rotten her entire life Piper was used to getting her way in anything she opted to do in life. Now that her ex-husband had run her name through the wringer she chose to move away and start her life from scratch.
Trying her best to stay under the radar was important to her, yet she knew there was no possible way to conceal her identity long term. While her family quieted the news and masked her as much as they could, there would be zero chances of not being recognized at some point. After all, she did have a calendar picture in Sports Illustrated. At this point Piper really didn't care anymore. All she knew was one thing, she was never going to be some perfect angel ever again. Long live the new Piper Cherry. Sexxxxxxxy!
Entering the school's parking lot, she found a nice spot under a shade tree. Considering it was 93 degrees out she was thankful of it. Engine off she sat there primping her albeit bleach blonde mane wanting to make her appearance stunning, as if she needed to touch up anywhere, she was stripper gorgeous 24/7. A final grip on her steering wheel with both hands to boost her confidence she let out a defining exhale, "I have this."
Stepping from her SUV in six-inch heels that highlighted her long golden legs clear up to her exceptionally short white skirt, Piper stood tall and confident. The dress was lacey everywhere, the skirt fanning out and hardly clingy to her hips, too much technically in a dress code world. Almost see through in much of the dress under the brightness of the sun, she knew indoors it would be less revealing but still over the top. Her dark tan at the mercy of lace it was impossible to hide much. With a camisole style to her dress the spaghetti thin straps on her shoulders offered a massive open cleavage, her 38D swell erupting to the point of toppling out but held tightly to her by a thin bow string keeping it together. Each step she took her breasts were mounding upward for a pleasant jiggle. No bra did that. The lace thicker over the nipples was all that prevented their peekaboob state.
The back of the dress revealed a wide-open panorama from shoulders to waist, dipping very near her butt crack. It left a bit to the imagination but lent itself more toward fantasy to those looking at her from behind. A thin white G-string covered what was deemed necessary, if not her cheeks, however even that was see through lace. Oh, Piper was so into taking chances. Confidence leaning on the fact that she knew very well no man could resist her even when going over the top. Her Bachelor's degree in Counselling was as far as her education reached but she hoped her looks would carry her across the threshold. It was time to find out.
Her tiny purse draped over her shoulder by a chain she locked up her Ford Edge and winged it concerning the way inside the building. There were students sitting outside the school lined up on the front steps so it must have been lunch for them. Surely, it was. That or they were boldly skipping class and rubbing it in toward the faculty. Once one of the students saw Piper on her way toward them it became evident, they were already fantasizing. Guys were standing up and watching her as she got closer. Girls with them just dropped their jaws in awe of her dress.
In reaching them Piper stopped long enough to watch a boy flick a cigarette butt out into the grass just beyond the sidewalk he was standing on. Scowling Piper took a look at the discarded butt and dared to traipse out into the grass to retrieve it. Bending over with her back facing them she grinned while teetering in her heels. Uncaring of her attire Piper's skirt rode up easily and revealed her nearly bare ass with her G-string band lost in paradise, her clam was certainly winking behind its pirate's patch. Arrrrgggh, Maties!
"HOLY SHIT!" Was the universal response to seeing her expose her ass to them. In her mind it was no different than they seeing her in a skimpy bikini bottom. Standing up her skirt slipped back into place, guys were already saddened. Returning to the boy that sent his cigarette flying she poised it in front of him.
"Is that any way to pinch a butt?" They were all hissing over her unexpected comeback, "Whoa!" was the laughing consensus of her risqué comment, considering she had just showed them hers. "Surely, there's a far better place to put this out." She then proceeded to turn him around then tuck the butt into the young man's rear pants pocket. "There! That's much better."
"You have a beautiful ass." He grew cocky, "I would never put that butt out."
"Smoookkkkkin'!" Jested another boy, "I bet I'd smoke an entire pack after I got done with you." He had his own cigarette dangling between the lips of his James Dean good looks.
"Just one pack? Sweetie, you had better bring the entire carton." The girls were getting uptight that their obvious boyfriends were so entranced by Piper. Who was this Ho?
"I can do that." He chuckled.
"Better get a job Dirk, you bummed that cigarette off of me." Laughed the first boy. "You here to pick up your son?"
"Son? Does this body look like I have kids?' She fluttered her fingers over her curves.
"I'm free on Friday, I can call you Mommy." He chuckled.
"Hmmm! Better change your own diaper, Baby Boy. Momma's not going near that..." She decides it safer to cut herself off before getting too outspoken sexually. She knew it was wrong to act this way, but she also didn't really care what people thought of her, she was already an outcast thanks to her ex-Davon Liberty. What's another scandal, right? "Can one of you nice thugs direct me to the principal's office? I'm certain you know exactly where it is."
"Sure! It's right in here." The second boy unzipped his pants, revealing pubes, but withheld pulling anything out.
"REALLY, DIRK?" His girl stood up and grabbed Piper by her wrist, "Follow me, I'll take you to see Carl." The girl was short and scrappy that was easy enough to tell, short brown hair and glasses gave her a geeky appearance, yet her tight jeans said, "Look at me." Behind them they heard Dirk zip back up and bitch about getting his pubic hair stuck in his zipper. "Serves him right. I really should dump that asshole."
"Why? He seems like a good boy." Piper giggled, the girl in turn rolled her eyes.
"You Carl's family?"
"Not yet! I hope to be family to the faculty here once he interviews me."
"Interviews you? For what? Lunch lady?"
"Well, I am delicious, aren't I?"
"Wow!" The girl stops after leading her to the front doors and releases her wrist, "Yeah, I'd eat you up."
"I'll keep that in mind..." Piper fished for a name.
"Does it matter? You won't remember me the second you go inside."
"Try me."
"Megan."
"It's nice to meet you, Mickey." She winked.
"See? You didn't even make it inside before forgetting my name."
"You sound as if your self-esteem is in need of a facelift."
"That's what my therapist tells me. Fuck him."
"Well, I'd probably forget his name too if you told me." She winked, "Megan."
"So why are you really here?" Megan gets Piper through the door by badging in through security and breaks the rules of letting anyone piggyback behind her.
"Counsellor position."
Megan pauses to study Piper's answer, "Really? Is that before or after the missionary position?"
"I prefer reverse cowboy. Psychologically speaking."
"Nice! Never tried that. Dirk only knows one way."
"Then, I'd say it's time to wave goodbye to Dick... I mean Dirk. You're right it's hard to keep these names straight."
"You're hilarious..." Now Megan was fishing for a name.
"Piper. Hopefully, Counsellor Cherry here in the next few hours."
"Welcome to Horton-Dumpster."
"That's cute. Almost as good as my Whorton-Dickster I said when I drove up."
"Yeah, this place is one big cum dumpster. Everyone is fucking everyone else. Even some of the teachers. You might just fit right in."
"That's what he says." Piper leans in playfully nudging Megan on the shoulder with her own, having to lean down to do it to compensate her taller stature. Six-inch heels made Piper tower over the girl. "So, why are you outside when the halls are empty? Skipping classes?"
"Something like that. Naaa! Actually, we have study hall this hour, so we just take it outside. Carl lets us use this time to go out and smoke."
"Wait! I thought Carl used to be a drill instructor. That hardly sounds like a dominant gene."
"He was. How did you know that?"
"I met his son Jesse; he delivered some coffee to me my first day in Nashville. Door dashing."
"Jesse is cute." Megan blushed a bit.
"I can set you two up."
"WHAT? WHY?" She panicked turning beet red. "Really?" Her tune changed quickly. "No way! Besides he's dating Tawny Martin. I am no way near as hot as Tawny. Cheerleader even!"
"Way! I can make anything happen. Just call me your Fairy GodSlut." A bell ringing distracts their brewing friendship. In seconds the halls filled with students.
"Wow! GodSlut! I can believe that. Ummm! I'd advise you to watch your step. The guys here get really handsy."
"They paw you up?"
"Well, not me. I'm gross to most of them."
"You are not gross Mickey... I mean Megan."
"Thanks, that's a Counsellor thing to say, even if GodSlut isn't. Carl's office is at the end of the hall, see the sign above the door saying Principal's office?"
"I do." Piper holds her breath seeing over a hundred young men stopping like deer in headlights to look her way. Literal dead silence!
"Man, I wish they would look at me like that." Megan sighed vocally.
"Do you trust me, Mickey?"
"Megan." The girl laughed. "I just met you."
"True." Piper turns her back to the student body and proceeds to remove Megan's glasses watching her squint. "Can you see without these?"
"Yeah, what are you doing?" Megan lowers her chin as Piper sets out unbuttoning the girls red flannel shirt until some cleavage opened up, a black bra boosting her 36C's in a nice fluffy pose. "Oh, my God! You... can't do that?"
"I just did. Trust me Meg." Piper snorts then hisses with her teeth clenched.
"Why did you do that?"
"Because I just realized you reminded me of Meg on the Family Guy."
"Oh, fuck you." Megan tries to button back up, but Piper slapped her hands then turned to step behind the girl. Megan wanted to faint, but in that moment, she noticed boys checking her cleavage out. "Crap! They're staring."
"Isn't that what they should be doing?"
"I... I'm going to pee my pants."
"Walk me to Carl's office. Don't look embarrassed, smile, and even stick your tongue out defiantly. Don't let them see you sweat... just wet." She pats Megan lightly on the bottom. "Save the wet until after some of them whistle at you."
"At me?" Meg tries to escape without success, "AT YOU! I can't do this."
"You can." Piper leans down and hugs the girl from the side, her own breasts bulging under pressure. Megan even noticed her tits wanting to burst free of her white dress, even the slightest hint of areola was cresting along her cleavage. "Take me to your leader."
"You are gonzo bonkers."
"Just... counselling."
"Right! Self-esteem... I hate you already."
Taking their first step as the students move toward other classes or stop by their lockers, Megan realized just how many guys were actually looking her over with interest, as much as others checked out Piper. Confidence grew, even a few boys she had crushes on were drooling. Side by side they walked through the cluster. Megan was right, the boys here did get handsy. Piper had her ass patted twice in fifteen feet. Their verbal responses were even more heated, Piper was an instant hit at Horton-Dexter.
In passing, Piper discovered a familiar face entering the playing field. Seeing Piper oncoming Travis Herbert on his second day back in school after a two-week suspension grew excited. Books in hand he rushed toward Piper and Megan when a clever foot tripped the young nerd, sending him toppling onto the tile floor to a symphony of laughter. In the process his books and papers went flying in all directions. Piper scowled at the gathering and found Travis humiliated.
"That's Travis Herbert." Megan giggled.
"I know who he is. Try not to laugh, that could be you."
"You're so right. I'll help him pick his stuff up."
"We will help him pick his stuff up."
Together Piper and Megan knelt down on their hands and knees to collect a ton of scattered papers fallen loosely in all directions. Travis smiled staring directly at Piper's chest. If she bent any further over her tits were going to topple out. All around the trio, boys moved in for better looks. Behind Piper cell cameras began recording her butt cheeks, that dress was not hiding them at all. Again, her lace cloaked, soaking wet clam posed to smile and say hello, totally transparent they could see her labia.
Huffs were heard amongst a deafening silence, laughter fading to awe. Seeing a paper that fluttered under a locker Piper bent forward even further, her chest an inch above the tile. Legs parted slightly, Piper reached under to procure the paper, ass in the air her skirt slipped down further over her spine. Her G-string strap could not even mask her perfect butt pucker. Whistles were inevitable. Students of all ages from Freshmen to Seniors saw it all.
Megan knew it was mostly for Piper, but it cheered her up knowing a few other boys were joining to help pick up all things Travis. One boy even dared to say, "Hey, Megan." Her heart skipped a beat. Even Megan's tight little ass was rearing up without thinking about it, stretching for books. In the lurched over angle Megan felt someone goose her from behind. Squealing she sat up blushing and trembling with excitement. Somebody actually took interest in her. Who was it? Blame Piper but she made it known to hush, students grinning over it. Things collected Travis put things in order with both women up close. Piper now sitting over her calves smiled at Travis.
"Trouble follows you everywhere doesn't it, T Man?"
Travis chuckled, "I'm used to it."
Bell ringing when everyone knew they should be in class led to teachers entering the hallway to find their slackers. A pudgy man of 5'7, 240 pounds, with glasses and lengthy brown hair complimented with a lush beard approached noticing Piper. Lust was even in his eyes while peering down at Piper on her knees.
"What's going on out here?" He spoke almost choking on his words at seeing Piper's bulging cleavage.
"Miss Cherry just helped me pick up my books."
"HEY! I helped." Megan folded her arms over her own chest which puffed them up even more. Travis turning to her actually bit his knuckle. Seeing this Megan again lowered her chin to see the uprising. "Crap!" She quickly lowered her arms and started to button up with the teacher now looking. Piper in turn cleared her throat loudly, followed by a verbal cough of the words, "Stop that." Megan whined but left her buttons open.
"Hi! I'm here to meet with Carl." Piper confessed as the teacher offered her a hand up. Accepting it she sheepishly grinned, "Who is this handsome Werewolf?"
Students departing laughed at her obviously blind thoughts on the man. "I'm Dewey Knowles, History Teacher. Miss Cherry, right?"
"You know my name?"
"Carl mentioned he had an interviewee coming in today. All the teachers know about it. Welcome to Horton-Dexter." He shakes her hand once she stood tall over him. Looking down at her feet he realized the height of her heels. "You're tall. I might need a lightbulb changed." His humor was dry, but Piper still winked. Her humor was just as out there.
"The one on the ceiling or the one giving you ideas?"
"That obvious?" He began sweating. Piper merely sighed then turned to Travis and Megan.
"Don't the two of you have classes?"
"I hope you get the job, Miss Cherry." Megan smiled brightly and hugged her from the side, "I can't wait until we have our first session. You've helped me so much already." Piper was taken by surprise then realized it was for show. Travis in turn added his own, "Thanks for helping me pick up my books. You're the coolest." Hesitant to leave, both of them went their separate ways at her winks of support.
"Alone at lust... I mean last." She turned and tugged Dewey's beard with a devilish grin. Hearing a loud grumble behind her she tilted her chin over her shoulder almost flirtatiously. By the reaction of Travis and Megan down the hall, Piper somehow knew a certain someone was right behind her. "You must be C-Man."
Dewey chuckled mumbling, "Semen." Carl Manley was not amused.
"Do you always dress like you're going on a date?"
"Always! Are you complaining Carlton?"
"Back to work Dewey." Carl scowled at his teacher's wanderlust of eyes. Piper simply blew him a kiss and fluttered her fingertips to say goodbye. Once Dewey was out of the picture Carl folded his arms in a scrutinizing manner.
"You know I'm the right person for this job." She batted her eyelashes.
"Do I? What kind of impression is this dress?" He was testing her composure to see if she had what it took to stand up to bullies. "You might want to cover up your nip slip." He pointed at her areolas faintly peeking up over her dress.
"It's only a nip slip if the nub is out. It's still safe. I've learned that relating to people in ways they don't expect wins them over. You saw how Megan reacted to my short talk with her."
"One kid does not make an entire school. Your chest nearly fell out a while ago. I don't even see a bra. Just that areola-go-round."
"That's because I'm not wearing one. These should tell you that." A light tease across her left nipple protrusion shared the fact. "Relax Carl. You look tense, need a full body massage?"
"Do you always seduce your way into jobs?"
"Well, technically this is my first real job. What I did before this was as... a housewife." She thought better of mentioning her cheerleader career, at least for now.
"I'm sure that went over well. Did you dress this... scantily for him?"
"Even less. Wouldn't you want that if you were married to me?"
"Beside the point. If I can't let my students dress like that, I..."
"Fair enough. Thanks for considering me for the Counsellor position. I won't change who I am for anyone. Once my marriage ended, I swore to never go back to some meek housewife with very little to offer. All of my life I've been what I call a prisoner, between my ex-husband, and my family. I'm not the model citizen anymore Carl. I'm going to be me. Take it or leave it. I'm financially capable of not even having a job, I'm doing this to prove to myself I can be helpful."
"And being helpful is turning on my faculty, hell, even my students? Some of which you know are underage."
"I won't apologize for being beautiful. It's not ego Carl, you know it's a fact. Your students might have seen a bit more than they should have, but I couldn't just let poor Travis suffer at their ridicule. He's a good kid."
"Right! Josie said you were all neighbors."
"I wouldn't even be here if Josie hadn't tugged me in this direction. I do have the credentials even if I've never put them to use."
"I've known Josie a good long while."
"Then, trust her instincts concerning me. Let me be myself and I'll get your troubled masses under control."
"Your dress is nice. If not transparent in the right lighting." He finally acknowledged her appearance favorably.
"Hundreds more dresses just as cute in my closets. Some even skimpier. I WILL wear those at some point."
"Hundreds, huh? One for every day of the school year? Well, the next six months until graduation that is."
"Enough for at least two years without wearing the same dress twice. I love fashion. You should see my lingerie collection."
"I'll take your word for it. Just... do me a favor... IF I hire you... keep your chest in and your skirt down."
"No can-do Carlos." She razzed him with her tongue. "Shall I go back home?"
"Not yet." He grumbled, "Let's go to my office and talk."
"Lead the way, Sarge."
"You've heard, eh?"
"Jesse."
"Ah! Yeah, I've heard about you too. Seen even."
"Seen? Oh, that selfie I took with him?"
"Selfies."
"He took more than one?" She was well aware he did thanks to Knox Hardecker.
"Are you that naïve? He's got the hots for you."
"Who doesn't? I like having my picture taken so I'm fine with what he snuck in. If you manage to get copies of the cellphone videos taken, can you forward them to me for my collection?"
"Oh yeah?" Carl brings his cell out and shares the photos his son took of her nude with him. Smiling at his mischief Piper puckered her lower lip, "I look good. He caught my best features."
"All of your features."
"Well, you have them on your phone too, so I feel privileged. Just ask if you want a few more poses."
"I'll let you know." He scowls and takes the lead toward his office, opening the door and playing gentleman. After she enters, he motions her toward a seat across from his desk then closes his door, from there he turns to sit on the edge of his desk facing her. She took the seat and faced him doing her best Sharon Stone impersonation from the movie Basic Instinct. Carl adjusted his tie but hardly acted stressed.
Looking down at her lap she sighed, "It's more effective with the panties off."
"I'm not impressed... yet that is."
"Ohhh? So, I have time to be more impressive? Carl, you bad boy."
"Never said I wasn't. Right now, I'm more concerned that hiring you will create a frenzy amongst my students. If they get too worked up, parents will find out, then the law, then the press... you get the idea." He had to say that it was his job. He knew that most students and parents had nothing to say.
"Yes, I do. If this happens, I'll take the sole blame. Like I said Carl, Mister Manley... love that last name by the way, I will not change who I am. What I wear is me. Take me or leave me... I much prefer TAKE ME." She licks her lips seductively.
"Anything in your background check I need to be concerned over?"
"Quite a lot, but I hope that you can overlook all of that."
"Criminal record?"
"My ex... not myself. Only by association and believe me when I tell you I am NOTHING like my ex-husband. To be honest after I divorced Dav..." Again, she nearly revealed his name but left it as Dave, "I came out of my shell so to speak. My upbringing was very strict until I went to college, even then it took me awhile to... crack that shell. I was encouraged by my girlfriends in college to try my hand at... dancing." She omitted cheerleading by utilizing a less recognizable occupation.
"So, you were a stripper?"
"Part time. When I began dating my ex I reverted back to my upbringing and chose to be a model housewife. Don't get me wrong I was still... exhilarating even at home." For Davon's friends, he often had her play with them.
"I see. Any plans on stripping under my roof here?"
"Are the tips good?"
He broke a thin smile for the first time, "I'm sure the lunch money runs wild."
"I hope you don't think I'm here just to... entertain. I really do have a lot to offer, I'm a very good listener, people react to my advice and once they accept it, become much better inside."
"I saw a glimmer in Miss Love, earlier. I tend to believe that part."
"Miss Love? Megan?" She winces then leans forward slightly with curiosity, "Her name is Megan Love? The poor girl must be..." She wanted to say wet all the time but chose her words carefully.
"She's heard it all I'm sure. Hell, I've heard her beau Dirk sing Bad Company's song Feel like Megan Love." He found it in him to chuckle.
"Oh, that's just darling. I'll have to sing that to her just for giggles, I believe we've achieved a firm bond already."
"Don't think I didn't notice her shirt unbuttoned a little too low. If I can see a bra, it's against the dress code."
"Again, that pesky dress code. Carl, loosen that belt, I can even help with that if you like."
"Tempting, but no. You do realize I'll need the school board to approve of you. The ratio is 50/50 Miss Cherry, so you can't rely solely on your body getting you the job. While I'm certain the male half will be biting at the chomp to get you in the door, there are a few elders in the female department that might consider your... actions, and attire distasteful." Solely his decision but he had to make her sweat.
"How often does this Board step foot in Horton-Dexter?"
"Not often actually. Usually only for meetings that I call. I'd suggest that at least when they meet you and decide your worth that you put some pants on, at the very least a dress that reaches your knees, not your upper thighs."
"I look good in jeans too. I just won't wear them often. I think you underestimate your students."
"Underestimate them? I have more students in Detention than I can fill a regular classroom. Do you know how hard it is to get a teacher to even oversee Detention? The kids get unruly."
"I can handle them."
"Oh, you think so? Alright, should the board approve of you then you can be more than just a Counsellor here. You can be put in charge of Detention every afternoon at 4:00 PM. We'll see how long you last."
"I'm insatiable."
"You know what I mean."
"Of course, I do. You do grasp that Detention would also be the perfect time to Counsel some of them?"
"Like an AA meeting?"
"Why not?"
"It has a nice ring to it."
"Do I have my own office, should I be hired?"
"See that cubicle behind me?" He casts a thumb toward a tiny space with half of a glass partition preventing a full body line of sight.
"Oooo! So, we can work closely together."
"It's designed that way so I can be around in case some student gets out of hand. My presence usually keeps them in check."
"My hero."
"Credentials?"
"Yes. I brought along my degrees to prove myself. High honors even. I can put you in touch with my professors."
"Just prove yourself here today and I'll fudge the background. If it's called out later, I'll deal with the fallout."
"That's sweet of you Carl. Would you like a counselling session to witness my abilities... firsthand?"
"And what exactly do you think I need counselled over?"
"Your eyes drift back and forth between my eyes, and my tits, even for the slightest glimpse before returning where it becomes appropriate. As a Drill Sargent I presume you like to get under a person's... skin. Intimidate them, make them sweat, feel less about who they really are until the... Private... realizes it's all part of your technique to make them grow. I see a certain Private growing as we speak." She avoids looking directly at his tenting crotch, but like he was doing, spent a mere second to absorb the tension in the air.
"Trying to intimidate the intimidator, Miss Cherry?"
"We both know it's working." She gets up slowly from her seat and turns to his closed office door. Opening it wide to face the hallway all the way down the corridor she flared her big, beautiful eyes at the potential of being caught. Carl frowned at her behavior but wasn't one hundred percent certain of her reasons for doing what she did. Turning to face Carl her hands outstretched on both sides of the door frame. He narrowed his eyes at her predatorial stare then sat totally up on his desk to await her next move. Strict or not Carl Manley was indeed enjoying the show. Easing toward him she leans her entire body into his, standing between his legs to toy with his tie, unclipping it for a better tease. "Isn't this much more liberating Carl? Letting the world see exactly what we do here? It's so much more... eye opening to those in need."
"They need to see the Counsellor teasing her Superior?"
"Of course, what better way to bring out the best in people? Hiding their problems can only lead to torment. I'm here to unlock what your students have locked away. This includes you, Carl. You hide behind your Military authority even outside your rank. Have you ever actually been on the front line?"
"Overseas? No."
"Let me take you there." She lifts her skirt for mobility and crawls up on to his lap, still toying with his tie. Pressing her panties right over his crotch she grinds ever so slowly, eyes locked on one another. "Can you feel my front line, Mister Manley?" Her pussy was sliding along the entire length of his concealed erection. His eyes spent more time studying the hallway than it did on Piper.
"Get off."
"I thought you'd never order me Sargent." Her fingers left his tie and slid down the front of her lace G-string and rubbed her clit. He shook his head trying not to laugh.
"Not exactly what I meant."
"I don't believe that. I can take my panties off if you like." She knew very well that anyone in the hallway could see her bare ass grinding along his cock.
"What point are you trying to make Miss Cherry?"
"That I know exactly what I'm doing. Just... let me do it."
"Your job, or me?"
"They can be the same thing, can't they?"
"Happily married." He wags his wedding band before her eyes.
"To our jobs as well. My pussy is circular in nature too Carl. Wear it."
"Not today." He briskly lifts her away until she abandons his lap and stands tall in her heels. Joining her he stands chest to chest, breath to breath. "I can play your game Counsellor. Just not on your terms, at least concerning me. I love a good show like any man, but when... and if I want to wear that hole, it's going to be by my taking, not the other way around."
"I can accept that. My attire?"
"Wear what you want outside of a bikini. Nothing too revealing, I'll agree to this kind of dress."
"You really should restructure the school's dress code; you might be surprised how much of a difference a bit more freedom can alter the atmosphere around here."
"So what? Let the girls wear what you're wearing?"
"Absolutely."
"You know their parents won't agree to that. The board would have me suspended." Not that he was really stressed over that. He had folks to back him up.
"Try it one day a week. I bet the students, maybe even your faculty might respect you more."
"They respect me now."
"As a ferocious Drill Sargent. I can tell by how fast the students ran when you showed up earlier. If you compromise more, they will cooperate better. Trust me Carl."
"I'll consider it."
"Good boy. Sure, you don't at least want me to loosen your belt?" She pats his erection boldly, feeling the dampness her, wet pussy left over him even through her G-string.
"I'm certain. Next bell is about to ring, so let's behave."
"Don't count on that." She razzed him.
"Want a tour of Horton-Dexter?"
Piper pondered his offer then grinned, "Where does Josie work?"
"Second floor. The school only utilizes the first two floors, budget cuts resorted to closing off the third story. The only thing that floor is being used for is storage and Detention. I've learned to keep the dregs of humanity isolated. Oh, by the way the Detention classroom has the windows boarded up, vandals kept breaking them out. We fix the lower-level windows but the budget rules out that unused section. I've even cut off the air ducts and the lights to save on the utilities of this place. No need for lights when the room isn't used past 5:00, when it's still daylight. There's enough daylight through skylights to cover what's needed. Still gloomy though. No power, no air, no fans. Battery operated clocks on the wall. Upstairs bathrooms are out of order too. The third-floor doors are chained until Detention starts. The key is in my desk."
"It must be torture up there. It's 93 outside today."
"Probably 110 up there now. Let the offenders sweat."
"That must mean I'd be an offender too. I hope you know if I get too hot, I'm wearing less to compensate." She winks at him.
"Meaning?"
"My panties might come off at the very least."
"Keep your legs closed."
"We'll see."
"As long as the students don't." He scowls.
"You, Sir, need not treat me like I'm in the military. I do what I want. Fire me before you hire me if you think you need to. If I'm leading Detention you're throwing me in the Brig as it is."
"First complaint I get wind of... I'll do what's required."
"Fair enough. I'll win the school board over just you wait and see."
"Pretty certain you have Dewey's vote."
"Dewme's on the board?" She grew bubbly.
"Like I said don't get cocky. The vote has to be unanimous. Get past Lydia Winetester and Judith Kale they're the oldest and scrutinize everything. You show them cleavage like Mount Crushmore there and I guarantee a hall pass to the front door."
"Mount Crushmore, I like that. Care to climb me?"
"I have my heart set on Kilimanjaro." Piper paused a moment hearing that jest, her thoughts zeroing in on the Kill a Man part, a sensitive area considering her ex-husband's taking of a man's life. Add in the fact that his victim was named Jerry only made it touchier. She shrugged it off quickly so that he didn't ask her if she was alright.
"If memory serves that mountain doesn't have the peaks I have. The offer remains open, like my legs." She leans in and licks his cheek. Growling at her he steps out into the hall letting his cheek air dry.
"Let's take a walk. Like I said bell is about to ring so we can drop by Josie's classroom in between classes."
"Yay! I get to see my new bestie."
"Getting that close?"
"Wouldn't you like to know." She wags her tongue.
"Love Josie to death, but that's nothing new." Josie had admitted to Carl of Piper and Josie's bi-sexual encounter.
"Oh? You know secrets?"
"Question is... do you?"
"ROMAN Abramovich, the billionaire owner of Chelsea Football Club, abandoned an attempt to conquer Kilimanjaro in 2009. I read a lot."
"Interesting. You really don't strike me as the world news type, but I caught your hint. Yes, I know about Josie and Roman. You two must be getting close to know about her extracurricular activities. I'm pretty certain Roman is not her only... pop quiz."
"Have you and..."
"Nope! Never will either. I respect her even though she's not being so kind to Henry. He's a good guy."
"Good in bed too." She beguiles him shamelessly.
"You just moved to Nashville, right?"
"Had him in bed within four hours of my stepping into my new home. I can be very persuasive."
"I have no doubts. Anyway, I've had a few talks with those lovebirds... Roman and Josie... I've stayed out of her marriage because I like Henry. That, and of course their girls."
Speaking of the girls. As the bell signals the end of fourth period leading toward lunch hour students rally to their lockers to put their books away in favor of feeding their growling stomachs. Filing out in a wave of hysteria both Carl and Piper are swarmed and parted by intervening yet somewhat apologetic energy. Boys recalling Piper from earlier purposely crowd up on her to get a good look at her cleavage. She flared her eyes at the cascade of testosterone getting a tad too close, one boy even inhaling her scent up close. Fanning herself Piper looked over at Carl who was more interested in someone else at the moment.
"Dakota?" She palmed a boy's face and shoved him back making his friends laugh at her improvised escape. Even in evading that boy another boy dared to lift her skirt up in back to share his admiration of her tight twerker. Ignoring them even as her skirt tugged slightly, she made her way to Carl who had poor Dakota cornered against the wall.
"Why are you wearing a halter top Miss McKellen?" Carl embarrassed her on purpose. "I can see your entire back, obviously there is nothing beneath it."
"I'm sorry Mister Manley. I won't wear it again. I just wanted to be more... adult."
"Nonsense!" Piper intruded, "Hello, Sweetie. Don't you dare let this big ole' Meanie tell you to not grow up. Wear that halter once a week."
"I did not commit to that change in policy Ms. Cherry."
"Oh, get over yourself C-Man."
"Please stop calling me that." He heard students laughing all around him at her choice of pet name. A snapped glare toward his students they dispersed quickly. "Miss McKellen? Does your mother know you wore this?"
"Nooo!" Dakota whimpered, "I have a t-shirt in my locker. I'll go change. Please don't tell my mom."
"STOP RIGHT THERE!" Piper took a stand, turning to other girls for support, "Do any of you young ladies object to what Dakota is wearing?" Not one girl resisted with a yes.
Some boys chuckled, "We sure don't. Nice job Dakota." She blushed at their flirty compliment.
"You, see? They're acting juvenile." Carl shook his head.
"Girls? Don't you think it's time for a more relaxed dress code?" The immediate response was ecstatic, hopeful most certainly. "Boys? This goes for you too. Don't you all want to be more at ease in school?"
"I know I do. Can I wear a speedo?" Laughter charmed the students.
"With those spindly legs? I wouldn't try it." Piper laughed with them, "Carl here might mistake you for the flagpole and run the flag up your leg." Respect was quickly being established. Dakota dared to hug Piper from the side looking up at her with a warm smile of appreciation.
Seeing the connecting dots Carl grumbled, "I'll address the situation tomorrow."
"You people heard Carl, he'll undress the situation tomorrow." Piper winked to the crowd.
"That is NOT helping Ms. Cherry. You do not work here yet."
"I will though. I have faith. Besides my new friends here know I'll fit right in." Of course, she heard a whisper behind her saying, "I bet I'd fit right in you." She merely tilted her gaze and wagged her eyebrows at the young man, a football player to boot. Her first thought was, "I'm a magnet to the jocks."
"We're off to see your mother." Piper rubbed Dakota's bare back sending goosebumps all over the young woman. Once Piper eased away Dakota spotted the boy that had whispered to Piper of his egotistical mental penetration. "Bye Miss Cherry." As Carl and Piper moved on Dakota smiled at the boy while hugging her books to her chest.
"Hey Angus."
"Hey yourself. Look at the nude improved Dakota." He circles her exploring more flesh than any of them had ever seen on the little hottie. Squeezing her shoulders she melted under his grip, blushing but attempting to explore his reaction to her. "You have really soft skin." He compliments her rubbing her back with one hand. "So, you know this, Miss Cherry?"
"She lives next door to us. Isn't she awesome?" His friends concurred with verses of, "Hell yes, she is." and "Fine ass bitch." She couldn't think about them calling Piper a bitch, Dakota was more in tune with Angus touching her.
"That's cool." Angus aimed for sensitivity to keep her relaxed, "Can I buy you lunch?"
"I brought an apple."
"That's all you're eating?"
"I don't want to gain weight."
"No, you don't. That's one sweet looking body you have, don't ever let it go."
"I was thinking that about you." She tried to flirt, "Don't let me go."
"Daaamn! Someone wants me to ask her out." He looked to his buddies.
"Don't let Robin hear that." His friend Antoine chuckled.
"You're still seeing Robin?" Dakota pouted, "I... better go."
"Hey, slow down." Angus jumped in front of her, now holding her shoulders from the front. Staring down into her eyes they both melted. "I... might not be dating her much longer. Give me a day or three?"
"You don't have to break up with her because of me. That would make her mad, and me sad."
"Might go ballistic on McKellen there if she finds out you dumped her for someone else." Toby Mellon, another friend added. "Cheerleaders might build a pyramid on Dakota's back."
"You dumb fucks are not helping here. Go feed your faces." Angus pushed them away. Once left alone he confronts a trembling Dakota. "Seriously, I... like you Dakota."
"You... do?" Her heart skipped a beat, "You've never even looked at me before today. It's my shirt, isn't it?"
"I've noticed you, I've just kept my distance because of Robin. Faithful, y'know? I mean... I'm not officially asking you out until I end things with her. Only fair, right?"
"I guess. Are you sure it's not because of my halter top?"
Easing to her right side he pulls her to his hip, his hand moving around her left side. Fingers sliding beneath her halter near her breast should have confirmed her theory, but his touch was gentle. "Totally not the shirt, it's all about what's beneath it."
"WHAT?" Her eyes flared as he realized how his words might have been mistaken.
"I mean YOU silly. Not... fuck... I better go. I don't want you thinking I'm only after one thing."
"Sex?" She had to ask.
"Whoa! Where did that come from?"
"Just wondering if that's all you're after. I don't want to be hurt Angus."
"I'm so not only after sex. We can date a long time if you want." He knew he could get laid anytime he wanted. Every girl in school loved a hot jock. Angus although ego led did have a certain loyalty. It was hardly true that he had been faithful toward his girlfriend Robin, mainly because she allowed him to play even without him knowing of every girl he had slept with. A struggle certainly, keeping Robin happy but for the last six months he had kept his dick busy between she and other tramps. Now that he was eighteen it meant changes. Robin still seventeen was nothing. They had been fucking since she was fifteen, he sixteen. That was the norm around every high school. Forty percent of the students in greater Nashville had lost virginities at sixteen or slightly younger. Everyone loved sex. It was a rite of passage.
"We can talk about it if you do break up. I need to go before lunch is over."
"Bye Eve."
"Eve?" She looked offended that he called her by another girl's name.
"Apple? Eve? Eden?"
"Ohhhh! Bye, Adam."
Angus watched her wiggle away, her back so soft, and silky looking. He wasn't the only guy to admire her, her tight little ass in jeans divided their appetites. For the first time in a while Dakota McKellen felt their eyes, "Thank you daddy." Her thoughts crept to the day her towel fell away and her father checked her out from behind, a helpful mirror exposing his reaction. His expression gave her hope.
********
Still in her classroom Josie McKellen was busy erasing her chalkboard when Carl and Piper arrived. Sneaking in behind Josie, Piper nuzzled her besties ear, "Wanna 69 on your desk?"
"SHIT!" Josie jumped at her assailant, "DON'T DO THAT." 69 did sound appealing. Eyes flaring Josie realized Carl was present and behaved herself. "Hi Carl. You could have warned me I was being ambushed, now I need to go pee."
"She wanted to see where you worked. I'm giving her a complementary tour."
"So, you hired her?"
"Not so fast." He smirked.
"He said he'd only hire me if you and I had a threesome with him." Piper bluffed her friend.
"OH REALLY? Carl..." Josie dropped her jaw knowing that was a bluff. Carl loved his wife too much.
"You know I didn't say that." He grimaced.
Piper giggled and hugged Josie from behind, "No, but he's thinking about it now."
"Behave yourself." Josie turned to face Piper then looked her over, "OH MY GOD! You wore this to your interview? I can see your body underneath the dress."
"She loves the fine details." Piper winked at Carl. Gritting her teeth at Carl, Josie apologized for her new friend without saying a single word. Carl understood but still winked back at Josie as well. Josie tried her best to read minds but was not doing so hot.
"Carl here is changing the dress code. Now you can wear some of my clothes."
"You're taller than me even without heels. Besides that, you're chestier than I am."
"90% of my dresses are this short so you won't be that off Shorty."
"I have my own wardrobe thank you very much." Josie rolled her eyes grinning. "So, you're truly changing the dress code?" Carl shook his head.
"One day a week I'll let the students wear things less restrictive. Don't push it Cherry. Need I remind you that you're still unemployed?"
"School Board." Piper grimaced, "Put in a good word for me Lover?"
"Lover?" Josie sheepishly grinned, "I'll do what little I can." She blushed in front of Carl then turned her back to him in order to whisper, "You're terrible." Piper shared a smug expression, yes, she was. Once the lover comment sank in Josie turned to Carl, "So, one day a week I can dress... sexy?" She hinted, already knowing Carl had often told her to dress skimpier that he gave her that freedom. Her skirts were getting shorter but still needed to be shorter.
"NOPE!" Piper out ruled Carl, "We can look sexy every day, the students once a week, but we can work on that."
"Oh my God! Piper stop, you're going to ruin your chances here at Horton-Dexter."
"Pffft!" She disagreed, "Carl won't let me go."
"Is that true Carl?" Josie stared without blinking.
"Not my call. If the board keeps her, she's MINE!" He loved playing tough as nails. It was his decision who he hired as long as the credentials were proven worthy. To be honest even Josie knew but kept his secret. The real board stayed out of everything unless it was impossible to avoid. To them it was just a paycheck, and they were being paid well. Better than most schools.
"Oooo! Carl, I love the Drill Instructor. You have my ATTENTION." She salutes him clicking her heels together as if she had just enlisted, her tits dancing amid her swift stance. "He likes my Mount Crushmore. All I need is a few faces to rest on my boulders... shoulders."
"This is crazy. Stop it Piper before I need to go change my panties."
"Who needs them. Just take them off."
"Drawing the line, Cherry." Carl intervened before she could actually remove her own undies.
"Buzzkill!" She razzed him.
"I need to go make some calls to the Board about your position. Josie? Do you have time to take Piper on the rest of her tour? I'm not trusting her in the halls by herself."
"He thinks I'm going to be a bad influence."
"He's right, you will be." Josie chuckles, "Yes, I think I can make a quick tour before my next class."
"Introduce me too Roman. I want to see what's so special about him."
"Ummmm! Can I have my own... playmate?"
"Tell that to Henry." Piper tweaks her friend's nose.
"I did actually. You already know that he's okay as long as I tell him who I see and when. We've agreed to be open in our marriage going forward." Wink! Wink!
"Good, then I can ask him over to fuck my brains out more often."
"Bitch!" Josie did her own razzing. In doing so Piper lunged into her and licked her tongue across Josie's.
"Takes one to lick one."
"Jesus Christmas!" Carl rolled his eyes, "Just lock your classroom door before you two rape one another."
Laughing as Carl takes his leave Piper bounces in step, "We are so going to rule this place."
"I need this job, Piper. Try not to get me fired."
"Short skirts, noooooo panties." Piper teases her grabbing her hands and circling each other in step. "You know you want to tease your students."
"What makes you think I don't already?"
"No panties on?"
"Dammit! No, not yet. I'm afraid I won't be able to keep my fingers away from my pussy if I don't wear panties. Especially if my class witnesses the fact."
"Carl wants to put me in charge of Detention every day."
"As if the classroom isn't packed enough as it is. I had to take over one day two weeks ago and I had 18 students fighting even in Detention. Little ole' me can't fight off some of these guys."
"Why fight? Let them fight over you instead." She points at her lower half, "No panties."
"STOOOOOOOOOOOP!" Josie hissed then took Piper by her hand, "Tour. We need to get our minds out of the gutter." Leaving her classroom Josie pointed out different classes, which led to brief introductions to a number of other teacher's. Four men, two women. Science guy Roger Dundee whom Piper referred to as Donedid. He fell in love at Hi. Home Economics teacher Elsa Coones, in her early 60's but polite and less than offended by Piper's attire. A compliment offered was heartfelt. Thirdly, Wood Shop teacher and basketball coach Damon Rice, an African American male that reminded her far too much of her ex-husband Davon. In name as well as size, being 6'3, 220, Damon was a big boy with more muscle than belly. Piper knew she needed to stay away from him, it was just too close for comfort.
Fourth teacher Kevin Fowler was a meek, shy man in his early 40's, receding hairline, he reminded Piper of an elder Charlie Brown, awkward but cheery. He was more into being a teacher than being flirty. He taught Spanish. Piper considered him a personal challenge. Finally, on the second floor Josie introduced Piper to another shy one just down the hall.
"This is Mimi, our resident Art Teacher. Mimi, I'd like you to meet Piper Cherry, she might become our new School Counsellor."
"Hi Mimi." Piper was cordial, noting the woman's shyness, even her glasses needed lifted more often than not on the bridge of her nose.
"Hello." Mimi Alexander was one of those hidden gems. Nerdy looking until her hair was let down. She had a killer body for only being 5 foot even, a respectable set of 34C's to light the way. Thin but not scrawny she had everything going for her but a personality. Blushing heavily Mimi tried her best to overcome her obvious nerves. "I... like your dress."
"Everyone does. You should wear dresses like mine, you're beautiful."
"I couldn't. Thank you though."
"Why not? Those skirts to the ankles have to be horrible in this heat."
"They are, but I..."
"You look fine Mimi. Don't let Piper change you."
"Why not?" Piper winced, "Look at these cheekbones." She dared to place a finger under the woman's chin and tilt her cheeks side to side, "Mimi here could be the next top model. Don't hide it Sweetheart." Mimi was probably the youngest teacher at Horton-Dexter at age 24. Raised in the Church but hardly religious she just chocked everything up to how her parents raised her. Admitting that verbally gave Piper a reason to empathize. "I was that way too. My parents were... demanding. Once I left home, I never looked back. Do you have your own place?"
"I live with my mother. My father passed away and my mother has poor health."
"Start by getting your own apartment Sweetie."
"Piper, stop." Josie felt she was pushing Mimi too hard, not knowing her.
"Hey! Who's the... hope to be Counsellor here? If I can't Counsel people, I'm no good to this place. Sorry, Mimi, I'm not just going to counsel the kids."
"I'm not upset. I know I should... get out more. I want to but... my shyness gets in the way."
"You and I are going to spend a lot of time together Mimi."
"We are?"
"Yep! You just do your thing for now, but I'll be in touch. Even if I don't get the job, I'm going to be your friend."
"I-I'd like that. I really don't have any friends. Just Mommy and my cats. Well, LeAnne."
"Well, I have a dog on his way from Atlanta you can drop over and wrestle with him."
"Lap dog?"
"Ehhh? More of a slap dog. He's a big Rottweiler puppy with a soul of gold. So, yeah slap dog. As tiny as you are you might end up as his chew toy."
"Oh, my!"
"You're scaring the poor girl, Piper."
"No, she's not. I always wanted a dog, but my family are not dog lovers." Stepping over to an art pad on Mimi's desk Piper writes her number down.
"That's how you can reach me, if you ever just need to talk. Do you like wine?"
"Yes."
"Good! Josie can bring a bottle over from her wine cellar and we can all get drunk and silly."
"Why are Henry and I your personal liquor cabinet?" Josie frowns.
"Because I'll be paying for the male strippers."
"Whoaaaa!" Mimi dropped her jaw, "I-I've never been to one of those... places."
"They come to us Sweetie."
"To us you mean." Josie corrected her.
"She's so clueless sometimes." A gentle pelt of her palm to Josie's head offered insight.
"Ohhhhhhhh! I'm in." Josie giggled.
"How about you Mimi?"
"I'll break my piggy bank for dollar bills."
"That's the spirit."
Mimi giggled and awkwardly blurts out, "AMEN!" She then gnashed her teeth, "Sorry, raised in the Church."
"God?" Piper pressed her hands into a prayer, "Let us save this poor girl. Hands on even."
The trio laughed until Josie noted the time. "We better keep moving I have another class in less than thirty minutes. Care to see the gym?"
"Roman?"
"He's probably at lunch. I believe the girls Coach is working with the cheerleaders about now. They meet over lunch to work on routines."
"Cheerleaders, huh? Sounds fun." A timid hug with Mimi, Piper whispered, "Time to live Sweetie." Mimi trembled like a leaf. Once gone she snatched up her cell and put Piper's number in her contact list. Staring at the number she sent a rapid cheesy emoji grin and nothing else. Piper would find it later and wink back. Emoji wars were on the rise.
Heading back to the main level Josie introduced her to a few more teacher's, including Dewey for a second time. Piper tormented him by tugging his beard and pampering him with a "He's a good lil' puppy." Dewey actually howled to be goofy. Josie could only frown, he was so not her type. Great friends though!
Reaching the gymnasium students were loitering in the bleachers watching a squad of cheerleaders performing in their uniforms. Stopping to watch the girls chanting and doing somersaults Piper recalled her glory days. It was then she saw the school's banner. "Horton-Dexter Swallows? You have got to be kidding me." She noted a large cartoon Barn Swallow up on the East wall of the gym above the bleachers.
"Yeah, we're still living that down. That's Bad Bird on the wall, he's, our mascot. Swallows fits some of us though." Josie sneaks in a sly pinch to Piper's bare ass making her squeal and laugh, hugging her buddy close.
"I love you, Josie McKellen."
"Same here Piper Cherry."
Sizing up the squad in performance Piper puckered her lip, "The girls are actually pretty good. I could think of a few routines that might spice things up."
"Voice of experience or just your hormones?"
"Both. I... did some cheerleading in my days."
"Ruth is getting too old to be Coaching these girls. Maybe you should volunteer to take over."
"I don't know about that."
"Hold up." Josie tenses, "Is that Sable wearing one of my halter tops?" Jaw dropping, she starts to grow angry until Piper steps in front of her holding her back.
"Slow down Pussycat. For the record Dakota's wearing one too. Don't you dare yell at them. They're just trying to find their identities."
"While the boys here find their idenTITTIES?" Josie snapped.
"Damn! Why didn't I think of that comeback? Listen to me. Before you go off headstrong realize that your girls are what 18 in less than a few weeks? They need to feel grown up. I've noticed how both you and Henry treat them like they're fifteen."
"They act fifteen that's why. Come on Piper, you see how the boys here... look around you... every dick here is hard just looking at you."
"And you my hot friend. You know they want you too."
"That's not... yeah, I know they do. Dammit! I just don't want my girls growing up to be like me."
"A slut?"
"Don't, just...fuck you...yes a slut like me." She couldn't resist giggling at how right Piper was.
"Counsellor Cherry on duty, to educate the booty."
"Piper come on. You don't have children; a mother just wants what's best for her kids."
"I'm fully aware. I do have a mother. She always pressured me to be what I'm not. As you can see, she didn't win that one."
"So, you're saying I won't win if I punish my kids for being... adults."
"Correct! Let them breath Sweetheart."
"But so much skin showing."
"Just their backs."
"Come on I can see the sides of Sable's breasts from here."
"Until you see her topless don't give her grief. Look at her Josie, even I can tell she's nervous wearing it."
"So, Dakota was wearing one too. Shit! Dakota's much more confident than Sable is. Sable has an awkward streak. Yes, I can see her fidgeting, she always bites her lip when she's uneasy. Look, boys are moving down on the bleachers to get a better look at her."
"Could be the cheerleaders they're checking out." Piper knew differently but was trying to prevent Josie from humiliating her kid. "Just let this play out, Sable might never do this again after today."
"Stop playing Angel on my shoulder."
"Don't you have a class to teach?"
"SHIT! Yes." She spots the gyms clock on the wall near the downstairs exit. "I have to go, or my class will throw a party."
"Then be their party favor. Relax, I'll stay here until she leaves without interfering. If those boys give her trouble, I'll step in."
"Can you find your way back to Carl's office?"
"I'll just ask some cutes boys for directions if I can't."
"Right! They'll guide you into a broom closet and join you there."
"Kinky! There's broom for both of us Slut."
"Just handle this delicately."
"That's NOT what she said." Piper intentionally pulls Josie's hair back and makes her laugh, "Fuck you, Piper."
"After school if you feel chummy."
"Roman. Maybe... after." A droll wink led Josie back to her class. Piper however took a tight stroll closer toward Sable. Just as she heard a whistle to her right Piper found a few familiar faces, some of the jocks from earlier.
"For mwah?" Piper grew flirty.
"Hell yes for Mwah!" Toby Mellon patted a spot on the bleachers between he and another football player named Darryl Priest. "Take a seat, we promise to bite."
"The cheerleaders are good." She motioned other students aside so she could climb carefully over the two rows of seats to reach the boys and actually sat between them, three more boys the next row up hovering over her to peer down at her cleavage. Leaning back on her elbows only made the panorama even hotter. Piper didn't even bother to adjust her cleavage or her skirt. When taking the seat, she fanned her skirt up in back to avoid sitting on it. Those boys behind her saw bare ass, her G-string band lost in her crack. In stretching out more, her heels poised out before her on the bleacher below between those she passed to reach her station. That skirt rode high in front and those students by her feet couldn't resist turning to get a glimpse. Piper said nothing nor acknowledged their curiosity.
"Not bad!" Darryle Priest spoke up, "They'd be better if Robin would quit being bitchy toward their Coach."
"Ruth?"
"Yeah, Ruth's like 62 and still thinks she's limber enough to lead those skanks."
"Josie suggested I take over for Ruth should Carl hire me as School Counsellor."
"Oh, fuck yeah! I bet you'd look fine as hell in a cheerleader outfit." Darryl praised her.
Piper decided to lean back further yet with her elbows competing with feet, guys parting their legs to give her room to ease back, "I don't know." Planting her six-inch heels on the seat in front she parted her legs to appear just how the boys were all setting. Now she noticed her foot soldiers below. Flipping her tongue at them she fanned her knees from side to side just to be evil. "You don't mind if I kick back with you kind gentlemen, do you?"
"Holy fuck! Hell no. You're pretty cool taking chances like you are."
"Chances how?"
Toby and Darryl both sit forward and intentionally look up her skirt at her G-string which was tightening up between her thighs. "Those kinds of chances. Fuck that's one fine snatch."
"Is that any way to treat the new Counsellor? Well, I guess it's okay until I actually get the job." She giggled. Tilting her head back to look up at the other boys, she winks at them playfully. "How's the weather up there?"
"Hot as hell."
"Isn't it?" She fans her chest knowing her cleavage was monstrous and bulging, going so far as pinching her dress to tug it out as ventilation numerous times, her nipples peeking out for swift reveals before hiding again. As they form silent whistles, she feels hands on her inner thighs lightly rubbing them. Reacting with a pucker she returns her attention on... the cheerleaders. "Which one is this, Robin?"
"The one talking. Oh shit! She's getting upset." Toby sat forward his hand leaving Piper's leg. Piper in turn reached out and returned his hand to her leg.
"Is that your concern?"
"Not really." Toby remained concerned even as Darryl's fingers slipped closer and closer to Piper's underwear. Piper avoided stress and just let him caress her inner thighs.
"Dude! I think someone is ratting out Angus." A boy above them joined in on the worry.
"Who is Angus?"
"The guy from the hallway that talked to you some." Darryl pointed out. "I think Angus is going to break up with Robin to ask out Dakota McKellen."
"Really?" Piper pondered the girl's luck, not so much about Robin's though. "Huh!"
"You know Dakota, right? We saw you with her mom. That's her sister Sable down there."
"I know them."
"Sable always comes down here to watch the cheerleaders. She's always wanted to be one but she's too awkward." Toby made conversation; his hand now more active over Piper's thighs. He too had fingers very close to heaven, a pair of pinky's grazing her lace covered cunt. Darryl's pinky had even pried her material up and felt a fingertips worth of bikini skin. "I can't believe you're letting us touch you like this."
"You don't have too. I'm just being one of the guys."
"Guys like to wrestle." One of the boys above sat forward until she looked back again. "I'm on the wrestling team. Name's Wayne."
"I don't know Wayner... I'm pretty good with headlocks." She opened her mouth like she was sucking cock her tongue pushing out her cheek then just as quickly abandoned their fantasy. Minds blown they couldn't resist massaging their own crotches behind her. She knew it was inevitable, her power over men was just too predictable.
"YOU BITCH!"
"Oh shit!" Toby halted his tour along Piper's thighs and jumped up the second he heard Robin scream. Watching her charge after Sable unexpectedly it was a simple mistaken identity, the twins nearly identical in every way except that Sable had braces. All of the boys leaped away from Piper to defend Sable from Robin's attack. Unable to reach her in time Robin was punching and pulling at Sable's hair. Luckily her punches were deflected by Sable's arms.
"FUCK ME!" Piper nearly stumbled to give chase and help the boys protect Sable. In stilettos that was not easy finding a sudden balance. The boys seated at her feet palmed her bare ass cheeks lifting her upward until standing. She didn't have time to be grateful.
In the kicking and screaming Sable's halter top came untied around her neck and was dangerously close to falling away enough to expose her tits. Reaching them Piper saw their coach Ruth Dunbar unsure how to deal with things. Piper motioned her away, "I got this." Ruth allowed Piper to wrestle away Robin and drag her off of Sable. Sable bawling her eyes out found the boys trying to help her up, as well as keep her chest covered. Piper straddled Robin on the floor and pinned her hands to her sides.
"Stop this fighting now."
"Who the fuck are you?" Robin belted out almost spitting on Piper.
"School Counsellor. Chill or you're off the cheerleading squad. AM I CLEAR?" Crying Robin consented and just lay there weeping. She was as humiliated as Sable was. Sable found a gentleness amongst the boys as they took time to tie her top back on and calm her with, "It's not your fault."
Piper actually admired their tenderness, even though they were pawing her thighs up mere minutes ago. She realized that it was she that coaxed them. Sighing she crawled off of Robin and had difficulty standing in her six-inch heels. Sitting down on the floor Piper removed her shoes, her skirt wide open and G-string in perfect sight. Strangely it was the cheerleaders that looked more than the boys. They seemed to be more in tune with comforting Sable.
Shoes off, Piper stood up then leaned over Robin with an extended hand. Suddenly, Sable broke away from her attention givers and flew into a hug along Piper's hip. Peering down at Robin, Sable winced, "Why?"
"I thought you were Dakota. She's trying to steal my boyfriend."
"What? She wouldn't do that."
"I heard him say he was going to break up with Robin." Another girl, the informer spoke up.
"That was him, not Dakota." Toby stood up for the sisters. Piper was impressed.
"I don't need this shit." Ruth grumbled, "Kill each other for all I care." She did care, she was just cranky and tired of dealing with brats. Taking her leave Ruth left the situation to the sole adult of any authority in the gym, even if she wasn't technically on the payroll.
"Just breath." Piper again started to reach for Robin, but Sable intervened. Taking Robin by the hand Sable helped her up.
"I'm sorry there was any confusion. I'll talk to my sister. You talk to Angus."
"Okay! I apologize too. I lost it there."
"You also lost your balance on that third somersault." Piper chimed in with a wicked expression of "You blew it." without the words.
"What? No, I didn't. I can stand on my head even."
"Trust me, I know what I saw. I... used to be a cheerleader myself."
"You did?" Sable dropped her jaw.
"Yeah! A while ago, but I know my shit."
"Whatever!" Robin rolled her eyes taking offense to her oversight. "I bet I could somersault circles around you."
"Maybe. Only one way to find out." Piper smirked and motioned Robin out to the open gymnasium. Confident that she was going to totally embarrass the hot blonde Robin marched out dead center as her fellow cheerleaders supported their leader. Piper was amused by their loyalty.
"Were you really a cheerleader, Miss Cherry?" Sable whispered.
"Can you keep a secret?"
"Yes."
Leaning closer Piper just lets the girl in on something she was trying to hide here in Nashville. "Atlanta Falcon's the last three years. Our secret, even from your family. Okay?"
"Whoa! You're lying."
"You're about to find out." Piper wags her brows.
"Wait! In that dress?"
"It's designed similar except for the unitard."
"You're bonkers." Sable chuckled.
"Now that's no secret."
Watching Robin do a series of somersaults with very little effort, even her friends noticed a teeter on her last tumble. "THERE! Did any of you see what I meant?" They all took Piper's side leaving Robin to huff and groan over their changing loyalty. "Just calm down Rob. Let me show you how to balance properly. Turning to Sable, Piper removes her sunglasses from atop her head and places them into Sable's hair. She then hung her purse around the girl's neck. Removing her rings and wrist bangles she shuffled like a ballet dancer out to join Robin. The boys were whispering amongst themselves. Sable even heard them say, "Bitch is crazy. She's going to fall on her face." Another boy admitting. "At least we'll see her boobs fall out and her panties ride deep." Sable whimpered; they were so right. Students of all ages had heard of the scuffle and piled into the gym from lunch hour freedom.
Before Sable could defend her neighbor, Piper twirled from her feet to stand on her hands. Sure, enough her skirt fell to her waist, edging over her flat tummy. Legs drawn together into a point straight toward the ceiling Piper called up to Robin. "Do you see how my palms are resting on the floor? Am I teetering?"
"No. Your panties are cute." Robin mocked her.
"Aren't they? I love how they feel on my coochie."
"Wow! And you're going to be our new Counsellor?"
"Hopefully. Try it before I start my somersaults. Just humor me."
Robin frowned and followed Piper into her own handstand. Once her palms found stability, she realized that Piper was right. "Awesome! I'm not wobbly."
"Good girl. Now let's tumble." Both of the women rolled until standing on their feet. Although her tits hadn't fell from her dress Piper did turn away long enough to adjust her cleavage. "So going to fall out. Oh, well!"
Turning back to everyone she noticed boners rising high. Even the cheerleaders were whispering about the boy's erections. Poor Sable was totally surrounded by boys and hadn't even realized it, let alone seeing tents. She was more into watching Piper after her perfect handstand. Guys were even rubbing their crotches without her noticing. Under her breath Piper sighed, "Yep! Nothing like her mom." She knew Josie would have been flirting the second she saw her first hard on.
"Don't fall." Robin jested toward Piper, "Or rip your dress."
"If I do, I'll steal your uniform and leave you shivering." She retaliated as her friends laughed. Moving further to her left Piper psyched herself out, fingers fanning at her side to relax her joints. Posture everything, she bolted forward and somersaulted four times with effortless ease. With each rotation her panties were in perfect view, tightening up into her labia under the strain until the meaty flaps were on the outside of her lace. If the boys could get a solid lock on her they might have actually seen pussy lips.
On a return set of another four somersaults without any adjustments Piper's breasts whipped out and bounced wildly with each tumble. In her ignorance she let them come out for air without stopping her tumbles to cover up. Jaws were dropping everywhere. Even more boys just coming into the gym pointed out her loss of control over them. Tumbling six times instead of her first four Piper wasn't even winded. On her final landing Piper went full on splits with a ta da pose, hands in the air. With her breasts in plain sight, she quickly palmed her tits to mask her nipples. Rising with only the use of her strong legs she turned her back to the majority, save the jocks she sat with. She gave them a peek and a playful shake before pulling her dress up and making an appearance. Dead silence until the rest of the gym cheered. The cheerleaders weren't far behind.
"OH MY GOD! That was insane." Robin rushed to Piper's side. "You're so bold doing that. I'm shocked Principal Manley even let you into the building."
"Things are going to change around here if I have my way."
"Starting now." Coach Ruth returned and took off her whistle winking at Piper. "You might want to hide those pompom's next time Dear. Keep the whistle, I just wiped my spit off of it."
Laughter all around the cheerleaders swarmed Ruth in a ten-girl hug, they would miss her. The second Ruth grumbled, "Get away from me you brats.", they raced to Piper, hugging her.
"Please be our new Coach?" A girl named Lily Kramer begged, others following her lead.
"Only if Robin here can keep you ladies working hard." Robin agreed with a feverish nod, "Oh, and I want you all to work with Sable there. She's on the squad in some capacity."
"WHAT?" Sable nearly had a panic attack. "NO WAY! I CAN'T..." It was then she noticed the boners around her. Whimpering at her revelation she shuffled toward Piper as everyone laughed. Beet red she coughed herself into glee.
"Those are for you." Sable whispered to Piper.
"Are you so sure about that? They were surrounding you."
"Definitely you. My tits didn't fall out."
"Next time!"
"WHAT?" A playful hug Sable prayed she was joking.
********
With a large entourage of students following her from the gym the bell rang. Not one of the students broke rank and went to class. Word was spreading of how awesome Piper was, but not one student spoke of her unexpected nudity. A bond was forming fast. Other students heading for class joined her rally while heading toward Carl's office. Piper calmed everyone into silence about midway then tiptoed ahead of them to mischievously knock on his office door. She heard a "Come in." In her devious mind she recited, "That's my line." Knocking twice more Carl finally gets up from his desk and opens the door to witness over a hundred students behind Piper, guys and girls alike.
"I brought patients."
"I can see that. Why are they not in class?"
With their classes somewhat empty teachers were stepping out to witness the event unfolding. "Pied Piper." She smirked devilishly, "I play they follow."
"Uh huh!" He scowled, "Everyone back to class." He motioned the crowd to disperse.
"HIRE MISS CHERRY." Roared the first fifty, followed by the rest once they realized the support. In their formation even the teachers shared in their sentiment. "YEAH! HIRE, MISS CHERRY."
Shaking his head Carl threw his hands up to quiet everyone. Pausing he stepped back into his office and fired up the intercom system. With a deep verse of, "ATTENTION EVERYONE! YOU WILL ALL BE HAPPY TO HEAR THAT I'VE GOTTEN AN EARLY CONFIRMATION FROM THE SCHOOL BOARD MEMBERS TO GO AHEAD AND APPOINT MISS PIPER CHERRY AS YOUR NEW HIGH SCHOOL COUNSELLOR. BE SURE TO COME SAY HELLO AND BE ON YOUR BEST BEHAVIOR."
As cheers erupted Piper eased in front of Carl's desk and bent over it with a hand reaching for the handheld microphone. "May I?"
Hesitant he narrows his eyes, "Best behavior means you too."
"Just give it to me Carl." She snatched it accidently pushing the button upon telling him that in a seductive way. The entire school heard her and laughed. Carl just pinched his brow and sighed. Gritting her teeth at her accident she intentionally made things worse in laying over his desk in a seductive manner. Her bare ass was in full bloom for every student fortunate to be able to catch a glimpse. Her labia still protruding guys nearly stormed the office. If not, cell pics would undoubtedly circulate. Chiming in with a feigned airhead giggle she asks, "Is this thing in... I mean on?"
"Just get it over with."
"That's not what she said. She liked it." The laughter was hysterical at this point. Even Dakota and Sable made their way up front to see Piper's sudden twerk. "I'm soooo nervous Carl. I can't stop shaking." Her ass cheeks were dancing.
Stepping up to Sable, Robin hugged her side then looked over at Dakota with a wince. Before she could say anything, Angus moved in next to Dakota and placed an arm around her. Dakota flinched at his sudden appearance and brushed his arm away. Robin now understood how wrong she was.
"Thank you all for your support. I hope to spend quality time with each and every one of you. My door is always open. Well, Carl's door is always open, seeing as I share an office with Studly." He couldn't help but grin. "To anyone on staff that is part of the School Board, thank you. I won't let any of you down. Trust me on that." She turned an used a finger as if a rising erection.
The men all orchestrated a synchronized rally of, "PROMISE?"
"I SWEAR!" She handed the mic back to Carl.
"Don't make me regret this. THAT GOES FOR ALL OF YOU. NOW GET BACK TO CLASS."
"Shoo! Shoo! Oops!" Piper waved them away then looked down at her feet.
"What?"
"Clued myself in by shooing them. I left my shoes in the gym."
"No, you didn't." Josie stepped around some students. "How the hell do you walk in these things?" Again, the laughter erupted; Josie McKellen was teetering to remain standing. She was wearing Piper's heels. "You said I could wear your outfits."
"I did, I did."
"MOM!" The twins joined their classmates in laughing, both racing over to help keep their mother from falling in the heels, the stilettos too big for her feet.
"It's a good thing I saw Toby there carrying her shoes. I couldn't have made my grand entrance." Josie chuckled. Stepping out of the heels using her daughters as crutches Josie picked them up and handed them to Piper. With another round of, "SHOOS ALREADY." The students abandoned their new Counsellor to her shoes. "That means you two." Piper clapped her heels together and just held them. "NO PLACE LIKE HOME ROOM! NO PLACE LIKE HOME ROOM!"
"Hold up Ladies." Josie halted their exit. The twins knew exactly why she had halted them. Halted over Halters.
"We'll go change. We brought t-shirts." Dakota beat Sable to the punch.
"Why? Carl's letting everyone wear more comfortable outfits. You can keep these. I have plenty more. Besides, Piper is sharing her wardrobe with me."
"With us too Piper?" Sable pepped up.
"Uhhh? That's up to your..."
"Mother is okay as long as you don't wear anything too revealing."
"AWESOME!!" Both girls kissed their mom on the cheeks and skipped away toward classes. With a fast relent Sable came back and gave Piper her sunglasses and bling. Giddy, Sable turned to her mom, "I'm going to be a cheerleader." Excitably she raced to catch up to her sister.
"You're right." Piper chuckled.
"About what?"
"They do act fifteen. When was the last time you skipped away like that?"
"When I was... sixteen. OH MY GOD! What have I done?"
"I can relate to that." Carl leaned on the doorjam of his office. "Start on Monday."
"Thank you, Carl. I know I can be a handful."
"Hand? What's next? Body surfing over the students heads?"
"That's next Thursday. I will be wearing a bikini. Micro even."
"Wonderful." Carl shut his door. He needed Tylenol. Lots and lots of Tylenol.
"Congrats Bestie." Josie nudged her shoulder into Piper's. "I texted Roman I couldn't meet after school."
"Oh? Why not?"
"I'm celebrating with my Counsellor."
"Bring wine."
"My God! You're going to drain our cellar dry."
"Aren't you supposed to be teaching a class."
"If they can play hooky so can I. Half my class was in your million-man march."
"Sorry about that."
"Lick you later?" Josie wagged her tongue. Just as she had earlier Piper lunged to wag her own tongue over Josie's.
"Oui Oui."
"I adore you Pipes."
"Wanna invite Henry?"
"Why? Afraid I won't lick you good enough?"
"Oh, it's so on."
"I heard about Sable's fight. Thank you for being there."
"Always. Family sticks by family."
"Licks by family too."
"Go to work before I rape you in the hallway."
"That would definitely get us both fired."
"Wanna risk it?" Piper tickled Josie in the ribs.
"No! Stop that, I'm still wet from earlier."
"Oh yeah? Let me see." Piper looked around first then knelt in front of Josie lifting her skirt. Before Josie could react, Piper had yanked her panties to her knees.
"Oh my God!" Josie hissed and let Piper rub her wet pussy right in front of Carl's office. Dragging her panties to her bare feet Piper made Josie step out of them and she put them in her purse. "What are you doing?"
"Starting a trend. Go teach, go tease." Piper stood up and turned Josie around then pulled her to her chest, whispering in her ear, "Show that kitty off."
"I'll be over around 6:00."
"Good! We might be done by 9:00."
"69!"
"Hike! Hike!"
"Don't talk football, I'll want to fuck Roman."
"Go flirt." Piper slaps Josie on the bottom. "God! You need a shorter skirt."
"I'll raid your closet later." Josie decided to skip away like her daughters had. It was fun to feel free and be silly.
On her way out of the school Piper checked her cell for messages, discovering the emoji Mimi Alexander had left her earlier. "Awww!" Stopping outside on the front steps she sent an emoji back, hers a wagging slobbering tongue. Seconds later Mimi returned with a mouth open emoji, followed by a laughing hysterically smiley face. It was followed by a "Welcome to Horton-Dexter."
Puckering Piper just left it at that.
"The Horton-Dexter Swallows. Too funny. Gotta love Tennessee."
Right back at you Piper Cherry.
Feelings were mutual.