"Look at this, Dan."
Sarah was going through all of her instant messages, which she loved to do. I had expected her to get bored of it; despite her statement on the site that, whilst she loved cock, she much preferred seeing it alongside the face of its owner, she still had to wade through dick-pic after dick-pic. But she didn't really seem to mind, and very frequently took the time to type personal replies, often including short video messages taken on her phone. It was, she surmised, a good way to keep her subscribers happy.
She passed her phone to me. I read the message, which was a long one:
'Hi Sarah. You won't remember me, but we actually met a few years ago. My name is Annette. You taught my daughter Holly English, and I can see you've taught her a lot more recently! Don't worry, I'm fine with her appearance on your site -- delighted in fact. Her and Juliet have all of a sudden become confident, sexy and successful young ladies, and they are having the time of their lives, flying all over the country and doing all of these glamorous photoshoots. And you also paid them really, really well so that's given them such a head start. I can't thank you enough."
"Wow," I said, looking at Sarah, who had her semi-permanent wicked smile spread all over her face. "She's thanking us for fucking her daughter?"
"I know!" Sarah giggled. "I was a bit worried at first. But there's a lot more, keep reading!"
"I've actually been a member of your site since you launched it, and I've been really, impressed by what you've done. I was sad to see you hounded out of the college, but I bet you haven't missed it, from what I've seen.
All this stuff with Holly got me thinking. I would be really, really proud if you'd consider allowing me to make an appearance in some or other project of yours. I'm very interested in all of the sexy stuff you get up to and am willing to do pretty much anything. I'm sure lots of your members would be interested, and I don't scrub up too bad, despite my age (I've just turned forty-two.)
I do have some limited experience - I was a 'Page 3' girl in the early 2000s. I've attached some pictures. Please get in touch if you would like to have a chat, I'm really interested in getting involved.'
I opened the attachments. One was a scan of a copy of 'The Sun', a slim waisted, busty, peroxide blonde haired young lady pouting and thrusting her naked breasts to the camera. The other two were clearly more recent, a picture of a much older, but still extremely presentable version of the young girl, holding a glass of red wine, in amongst some friends on an evening out.
And the final one, which grabbed the attention much more - the same attractive lady parting her still firm and slim legs and looking down at her nicely trimmed vagina as she gently pushed two fingers inside -- her face sporting the same sexy pout she'd used all those years ago.
"What do you think?" Sarah questioned. "She's hot, right?"
Despite all of the evidence that there should be no barrier for me to say what I meant, the fact that I'd just recently fucked two eighteen-year-old girls whilst Sarah egged me on, and that Sarah made her living by selling footage of her fucking multiple men at a prodigious rate, I still had a reluctance to say what I really meant when presented with questions such as this.
"Dan, it's fine, say what you think. She's pretty sexy, right?" I nodded.
"She really is," the small surge of fear I instinctively still felt from the residue of untrusting relationships past subsiding.
"She's pretty hot, has an amazing body, considering her age - how old did she say she was?"
Sarah checked again.
"Forty-two."
"Right. Well, she's like six years older than me, so I'm not going to hold that against her."
"You'd like to hold something else against her though, eh?
The following evening, we arrived at a pub we'd actually been to a few times previously, before we'd moved away. It was our first visit back to our home town since we'd moved. With all the furore around Holly and Juliet's recent entry into Sarah's world of filth, her face had re-appeared on lots of front pages in recent days.
To disguise herself, Sarah was wearing a baseball cap, ponytail pulled through the back, and a pair of glasses in a completely different style to those she'd worn in the past. Whilst a true fan who was looking intently would certainly be able to recognise her, we were happy to take that risk. Although I looked like I always did, for some reason people recognising me had never been a problem.
Annette was already at the bar, nursing what looked to be a gin and tonic. She greeted Sarah like an old friend, and also gave me a warm hug and a peck on the cheek. We found a quiet table.
"I can't believe you actually came!" Annette began. "You look even more stunning in the flesh."
"We both found your message really interesting," I began.
"And your pictures!" Sarah grinned, giving me a playful jab in the ribs. "I think Dan was quite taken with you. You're looking amazing yourself!"
"Well thank you, I'm flattered. And it's nice not to have 'for your age' pegged on the end, that's mostly what I hear these days."
"You aren't much older than me," I assured her.
"Thanks love," Annette replied, sipping her G&T. But quite a bit older than this sexy little thing though, eh?" she nodded towards Sarah.
"She's definitely the young and free one," I winked.
"Isn't she just. What a woman. I know I said it in my message, but I have to say it again in person. Thanks for what you did for Holly. And Juliet."
"Dan couldn't quite believe he was getting thanked for having sex with two eighteen year olds!" Sarah grinned, squeezing my leg.
"I know!" I smiled. "I think normally the thanks would go the other way, surely?"
"Well, it seems that everyone's happy, that sounds like a good result. What I mean though... Two weeks ago, Holly was getting ready to start at the local Tesco, stacking shelves for minimum wage. Body and a face like that, what a crying shame. I had everything Holly has just now, when I was her age. World at my feet.
Annette had a really warm and approachable manner, and she loved to talk. She was also very easy to listen to, and we were both happily absorbing her tales of the past.
"But I met Holly's dad, he kept me at home like a pet, and that was the end of everything for me."
"Oh, what a shame!" Sarah cried, sympathetically. "You would have been so good, I'm sure you'd have been one of Dan's favourites! He's got piles of porn from back then; I know he'd have wanked over you!"
I nodded, laughing inwardly at the bizarreness of my girlfriend telling this lady how much her boyfriend would have loved to have masturbated over her pornography, had she ever made it...
"I can tell you this," Annette said, lowering her head conspiratorially, "If I'd had someone like you, Dan, well. I don't know if Sarah realises how lucky she is -- what a rare breed you are."
"I don't think I'm particularly unusual..." I ventured.
"Oh, but you are, really, you are. I can't imagine how different my life might have been if I'd found someone like you. It's really unusual to find a man who is prepared to commit to a strong, sexy woman like your Sarah, or, dare I say it, me. You can just see what that can lead to, when a girl is allowed to spread her wings and be who she wants to be
"I don't know about her wings, but I'm definitely happy to see her spread her legs," I joked. "But I can't think of anything worse than hiding someone like her away. She's made to be admired -- what a huge waste it would be if nobody got to see her doing what she loves best. And I get to share in the most amazing experiences too."
"Like fucking my daughter?"
"Well, yes. I mean, she's a very attractive woman."
"I know she is. And I was too, back in the day."
"You still are," Sarah assured her. I nodded. Annette blushed a little, and continued
"Well, thank you. But I know I can't compare with Holly now. She's actually the double of me at her age, her body is identical to mine back then. A beautiful woman like that needs to be appreciated. And I loved the way you appreciated her, and Juliet. Both of you."
"Did you watch it all the way through?" I wondered. It was curiously arousing, discussing the footage Annette had watched where Holly had actually brought Sarah to orgasm with her tongue, and had my semen smeared over her face during some sloppy, cum-sharing kisses with Sarah and her friend, Juliet.
"Many times now," she confirmed.
"Isn't it weird, watching your daughter having sex?" I quizzed. I found Annette hugely attractive, more so than her daughter in many ways, as she had a character which had filled out with years of hopes, dreams, experiences missed, and ones taken.
"I know I shouldn't say this, but I found it really, really sexy. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a perv, well I am, but not like that, you know, incest. But Holly is really doing things that I'd have loved to do when I was her age - would still love to do. So, in a strange way, I get to live out my own fantasies by watching her.
"And what are those fantasies, Annette?" Sarah asked.
"Well, I do have a lot. This is one of them, actually. Just chatting openly about all this filthy stuff. I've never been able to do that before. It's been such a long time; I haven't been with anyone for years."
"Been with anyone like in a relationship?" I wondered.
"No, been with anyone, full stop."
My jaw dropped.
"How? I mean, look at you, I can't believe you'd find it difficult to hook up with someone? And you are such a lovely person."
"Aww, thanks," she blushed. "Just circumstances I guess, and everything has changed so much. I had a job where that sort of thing wouldn't happen. I had a young daughter so never went out, one day became the next, and here we are. The wakeup call was when Holly told me about you, after that day, you know, when Aphrodite magazine came out, remember?"
"Remember? How could we forget!"
"I guess not! Sorry, wasn't thinking. So yeah, Holly comes home. It was only a few months after the parents evening, I remember thinking then what a lovely young thing you were. And a fantastic teacher too, nobody should tell you otherwise..."
"Thank you," said Sarah. I thought I detected a slight quiver in her voice. Annette continued, squeezing Sarah's leg as she leaned over her.
"If nobody has ever told you this, you need to know. All those people giving it this and that, saying you were a bad influence, corrupting our kids, what a load of rubbish. You bring happiness into the world for many, many people. Just because it's not the happiness they decide is the right sort of happiness doesn't change that. You deserve everything you've got - you've earned it."
"Oh wow! What a glowing testimony!" I definitely detected a hint of Sarah tearing up at this speech.
"I, I don't know what to say, I've definitely not been trying to be a role model to anyone!"
"I can't think of many role models who you can pay to see in a bathtub half-full of stranger's cum and piss," I winked. Sarah grinned.
"Oh, wow. That..." Annette sounded slightly awestruck. "How fucking dirty can you get? When I said I had a lot of fantasies, well, I didn't even know some of them were possible until I saw all the things you do."
"What did you like the best?" Sarah loved talking about sex almost as much as actually doing it. Talking like this with Annette was clearly piquing her interest. And I was, not surprisingly, rock hard.
"Where do I start. Well right from the beginning. When I was doing my page three stuff, I found it hot, I admit. It was all dressed up as innocent fun, but really it was the first step down a road which I would definitely liked to have taken. A lot of the girls went on to do top-shelf stuff after page three. But even that was quite tame back then. So, when Holly showed me that magazine, it gave me such a shock at first."
"In a good way?" Sarah questioned
"Definitely. Not at first. I didn't realise that was OK these days, just on sale in the corner shop. It's so different from the page three stuff I did. So blatant. You could never have bought that sort of material when I was modelling, not in this country anyway."
"I found it quite frustrating, the Aphrodite stuff. All I wanted to do was get something inside me -- a dildo, or my fingers at least. But the farthest they'll let you go is opening up, showing the pink, they call it."
"Showing the pink! I like that," Annette laughed. "Well seeing you showing your pink, wow! At first, I was a little shocked, but I found myself all flustered and couldn't get it out of my mind. Some of the filthy stuff they quoted alongside your pictures... And then when I read further about all the things you'd been up to!! Let's just say I didn't spend a night where I wasn't all over your stuff on my laptop, and I went through a huge number of batteries -- I still do, every night!"
Annette took a sip from her G&T and continued.
"Anyway, my fantasies. So that's my first. I want to be on the cover, up on display to everyone like you were. So that anyone who wants to can just buy it and take a good look at me. And I want to be totally naked inside, showing the pink, just like you."
Sarah nodded.
"You're right, it is so hot, Annette."
Sarah went on to tell all about how much she enjoyed surprising the shop staff by turning up and buying a copy of her own pornographic magazine.
"Oh yes, wow. That would be exciting. I can remember I used to sit in the café and buy the paper, when I was on page three, and have lunch with myself spread out on the table in front of me, tits on display to all passers-by. I'd sit there, dripping wet, hoping people would notice who I was. It never happened though."
"Sarah likes to make sure she's noticed," I laughed, recalling her buying her ex-students copes of her Aphrodite special, and signing the centrefold for them with filthy phrases encouraging them to masturbate over her. I described this to Annette, who was wide-eyed.
"Oh Christ. That is so hot. Not just you signing the magazine for them, but those young lads. I know those lot, Holy's old schoolfriends. I've known them for years. Always sniffing after Holly, they are," she smirked. "I bet they were straight home to wank over you!"
"The lad in the shop didn't even have to wait to get home. Sarah wanked him off right there in the shop!" I chuckled. Annette was almost squirming in her seat at this.
"Oh, fucking hell. Really?" Annette's cheeks were flushed, and her eyes had a slightly glazed look. "Well, you're adding to my fantasy list every minute. But yes, being exposed like that in a magazine -- and now I'm going to say signing copies of my own filthy pictures is right up there too. That would be so hot. And I certainly wouldn't be averse to wanking lads off over my pictures either."
"I highly recommend it," smiled Sarah.
"You really sent me down a rabbit hole, all of that stuff you do. I never even knew some of those things were a thing -- pissing, cum in the face, letting a cock right down your throat, eating cum, anal, all of that I'd love to try."
"But what I always come back to is that time on your last day on holiday, when you had two cocks squeezed inside your cunt for at least an hour, they kept swapping over, shooting up inside you or all over you, and as soon as a space was available, there was another hard cock straight in there. It looked so hot, and you seemed to be loving it so much."
"I was!" Sarah confirmed. "That was a highlight of the holiday, I must say. There's definitely something about having your pussy stretched like that. And when they all go at you so enthusiastically, it's super horny. I must say there's a lot to be said for quantity ahead of quality, when it comes to cocks. And the young lads, they are always so keen and energetic. If one goes off, there's another rock hard one ready to take its place. Oh, you're getting me flustered now!"
"Well, that's another one. Another fantasy. Even before all this stuff with you and the college, I must admit to having dirty thoughts when Holly brought these lads home. Lovely lads, but total slaves to their hormones. If I didn't know their mothers, I'd quite happily let them fuck me all over the place. There's something so exciting about giving them what they want, they spend so long chasing the girls and get so little luck, it seems."
"You know their mothers?" I wondered. Just like the girls, I was really aroused from our conversation,
"A couple of them, yes."
"What do you think they'd say, if you did let the lads have their way with you?"
"I don't know, now. I mean, they are all adults. Personally, as you know, I'm really pleased when Holly's getting good sex -- she's doing what I'd like to have done in her shoes. I'd like to think if I had a son of that age, I'd thank an experienced older woman who liked to take his cock, give him some sexy memories. But some people are funny with that sort of thing."
Annette took another drink, draining her glass.
"Right then," Sarah said, seemingly keen to move the evening on. "So, let's summarise then. Annette loves cock, just like me and just like her daughter. She is pretty much up for anything. She wants to see herself on display so all of the world can wank over her, if they choose to. And she'd love to try some nice eighteen-year old cock. Dan, stand up."
I looked at her, confused. She gestured for me to stand again, so I did.
"You are a really, really sexy lady, Annette. I'm absolutely dripping wet, and I'd love to see how many of those fantasies we can help you with. I think you can probably help with one of Dan's." I was standing on Annette's right, and Sarah was on her left. My erect cock was clearly visible, pushing hard against the material of my jeans. Sarah took Annette's hand and placed it deliberately on it, my crotch level with her face, still seated as she was.
"That cock was inside your daughter just a few weeks ago. I think Dan would love to get inside her mother as well."
"Her mother would like that too," said Annette
"Oh fuck -- hang on." I was worried I was getting built up too much here. The event would inevitably be over extremely quickly, I was fit to burst already. "After all this I'm not going to last thirty seconds!"
"Is that right, Dan?" Annette smiled. "Have I turned you on?"
"Fucking right you have!" I laughed. "If I pushed my cock inside you right now, I'd be filling you up with cum immediately!"
"That sounds nice," Annette almost whispered.
"That will do for starters," Sarah decided. "And I would love to taste Dan's cum inside you, Annette."
"Oh yes please!" Annette almost groaned "And will you be filming it?"
"Every minute. This time tomorrow you will be a slut all over the internet, just like me," Sarah assured her
"And your daughter," I added.
The taxi ride to the nearby hotel that we'd hastily booked was fun. Sarah had sat in the front with the driver, leaving Annette and myself on the back seat. The driver had, after a few minutes of thought, suddenly recognised Sarah, and very excitedly explained that he was a big fan.
"I tell you what," he'd elaborated. "If my ex-wife had been anything like you, even just for one hour a year, we'd still be married. You're a lucky man," he'd addressed me sincerely, in the rear-view mirror.
I certainly couldn't argue, especially as Annette, as soon as the taxi doors had closed, had hitched up her skirt and invited me to explore. Her black, see-through lacy knickers were now half-way down her thighs, and I was fingering her, three fingers plunging in and out of her hole which was not quite as tight as her daughter's, but at least as wet.
"Could you pull up on the left for a moment?" Sarah asked.
"What's your name?" Sarah asked our driver.
"It's Aftab," answered our driver.
"OK Aftab. Annette there in the back has been telling us that she'd really like to be watched, when she's being naughty. Would you mind indulging her for a few minutes?" she asked the dumbstruck driver. He clearly didn't mind and removed his seatbelt so he was able to turn all the way round in his seat.
"Ooh," groaned Annette as I continued to finger her.
"I think we'd like to see her tits, Dan," Sarah encouraged. I delved inside her low-cut top and freed each magnificent breast, still as large and almost as firm as they'd looked on the pages of the newspaper from over twenty years ago. Sarah was filming on her phone now. Annette, despite her earlier bravado, looked a little unsure of what was expected of her. Sarah directed her.
"Pull your knees right back, spread right open for us," she suggested. Annette did so, and I pulled my hand away, leaving her on full display. Sarah had put the light on her phone to illuminate the scene.
Annette sat there in silence, all eyes examining her most private features, which, she'd told us, had been given no attention for years.
"Would you like to see her finger herself?" Sarah asked the driver, casually. He nodded.
"Go on Annette, I think we'd all like to see. Hold yourself wide open, give us all a good look, then let's see your fingers inside."
For a few minutes the silence was only broken by Annette's uneven breathing which sometimes turned into small gasps, as she pushed her fingers deeply inside herself for her audience.
The light from Sarah's phone had attracted the attention of some passers-by. A couple had stopped to look in, before hurrying away, the male looking back over his shoulder as his girlfriend pulled him from the scene. They were followed by a small group of three or four men, looking like they were on their way to or from a pub. They stopped and peered through the slightly misty glass at the events inside the car.
As their presence became apparent, Annette's initial reaction was to clamp her legs shut and cover her breasts with her arm. But Sarah had other ideas.
"This is what you wanted, remember Annette? On display for anyone to see. These guys would love to see those lovely breasts, and you were really enjoying playing with yourself. Why stop?"
Tentatively, she continued fingering herself, gradually easing her legs further apart until she was wide open again. Annette got a little braver, lifting her arm which covered her tits and putting it behind her head. Various muffled cries of disbelief were heard
"Turn round so you are facing the window," Sarah ordered. Annette obeyed. "Put your ankle up behind the headrest there," she continued. Annette did so, hauling her leg right up so her foot was level with her ear. She was totally exposed. Her pussy was totally shaved, just like her daughter's, and it was now being eagerly fingered for the viewing pleasure of these random passers-by. The window had started to steam up, so Sarah pushed things a little further, using the button on the dash to lower Annette's window.
All of a sudden, the muffled voices became as clear as if they were in the car with us.
"Oh fuck me!"
"Hahaha look at that!"
"Hi Darling. Nice to meet you!"
"Jesus, what are you, some sort of porn star?"
Annette must have felt totally exposed, but she forced herself to continue, even squeezing one of her large breasts up and sucking the nipple as she continued to finger herself.
As the comments from her audience became more crude, Annette fingered herself faster, now rubbing her clit frantically with her other hand. A few more faces had joined the original ones now, a small crowd gathering at the window.
Annette was just starting started to orgasm as Sarah decided this was probably enough for now. There was what looked like a family approaching, which would have really put a dampener on things. "Probably time to more on, please driver," Sarah suggested, and rolled up the window. Annette continued rubbing away at her clit as her audience watched the car pull away.
The driver refused to take any money, but at Sarah's suggestion agreed to a selfie with both girls as a tip.
It was four a.m. before we stopped, after six hours of photography and sex. Even though all we had was our mobile phone cameras, Annette's extremely photogenic manner made for an amazing photoshoot, as she adopted any and all positions required of her. She really was in her element, delighted to be filmed and photographed doing everything we suggested.
In the absence of Sarah's usual paraphernalia of toys, room service had provided some suitable replacements, and Annette posed for some amazing shots with a beer bottle and wine bottle occupying and alternating between her holes.
I didn't stop taking pictures for a good couple of hours, but both Annette and Sarah encouraged me to put the phone down for a while and join Annette on the other side of the camera. Despite my prediction I did manage a bit of a better showing than I expected, fucking Annette quite thoroughly for nearly ten minutes, before Sarah's filthy suggestion that I should fill this whore up with my spunk became too tempting to resist.
Annette sucked my cock nice and clean. I commented that her technique was much better than her daughter's. She seemed flattered, but also took it upon herself to talk to Holly about this. I made a mental note to try to sample Holly's blowjob skills again in future. Then it was back behind the camera for a while, as Sarah manoeuvred herself underneath Annette, licking passionately at her pussy and anus, occasionally getting a mouthful of my cum as it slipped from the smooth shaved cunt.
Just as she'd done with her daughter, Sarah made sure Annette got a big mouthful of my sperm, transferring it into her mouth as she kissed her. Annette loved this and spent several minutes letting it drool out of her mouth over her naked body as she pushed the beer bottle deep up inside herself, and gathering it up, cupping it in her hand and then sucking it back in and repeating.
The two ladies then spent some time pleasing each other with the bottles and their tongues whilst I continued to film and take pictures. Another erection was unavoidable, and Annette asked if she could have it to herself again, she wanted to see if she could take it down her throat like she'd watched Sarah do so many times.
I was completely obedient to Sarah's orders, and she indicated that I should allow Annette to have what she wanted. The beer bottle was in danger of being lost within Annette's soaking cunt, and Sarah's tongue was licking firmly on Annette's clit as I fucked Annette's throat, her head hanging back off the arm of the couch. I went slowly at first but increased in pace at Annette's suggestion until I really was treating her face like a vagina, banging in repeatedly.
"Your daughter is amazing, but she really could learn a few things from you," I grunted, loving the feel of my cock sliding right down this beautiful woman's throat.
The sight of Annette cumming again from the attention of Sarah set me off, and Annette demanded that I shoot all over her face, which I happily did. Just when I thought that was that, I was required in the bathroom to give the ladies a face full of piss as they kissed each other tenderly. Annette again belied her inexperience, happily filling her mouth as the stream flowed before spitting it right into Sarah's face and repeating until there was no more.
As we all got dressed, I had a curious conversation with Annette. She was really interested in what I'd said about her daughter's technique.
"Is that true -- you preferred me sucking you off? Compared to Holly?"
"Absolutely. Holly is lovely, don't get me wrong. But she's young and it's obvious who was more experienced. I hope I don't annoy Sarah too much, but I have to say that's the best I've ever had. It was so hot just fucking your face like that, and your throat felt so deep, it was amazing!"
Sarah didn't seem too bothered that I'd enjoyed this sexy older woman's throat so much.
"You did seem to be enjoying that, Dan," she smiled, lovingly. "Thanks, Annette. Maybe you should be giving me some tips!"
"I don't know about you, but I'll need to see if Holly needs some. She's going to need to improve, where she's going."
Her voice had a hint of parental concern, like you might expect if it had been identified that her offspring needed some additional maths tuition.
I took a few more pictures of Annette fully dressed. She'd not showered and looked every bit the total whore as she left. Makeup smeared all over her face, hair wet through with piss and sperm.
Again, the following day I had the enviable job of editing all of this material. This time it was a lot easier, as we only had the two phone cameras and generally mine had the video and Sarah's had the pictures, so I was done by lunchtime.
After watching all the way through, me wanking slowly and Sarah playing with Dobbin, we agreed it was another amazing introduction to the site, so sent the link to the footage and the permission forms over to Annette. The form came back immediately -- she couldn't have even looked, it was simply a 'yes', meaning Annette was happy for us to post all and any filthy footage we had of her on the internet immediately.
Consent given, we did exactly that.