(all characters are 18 or older)
The dining room only seated sixty, but it had the biggest TV screens in the complex, so Paul headed there to learn the day's scores. There was a vacant chair next to Dianne, who was chatting to the Asian woman who she'd made out with on camera, who had an arm draped around Ethan's shoulders. "Hi," she said, as Paul sat down. "This is Xuan."
"Hi." They stared at the screen as it named and showed the competitors who'd lost in the first game, then the day's score was announced: seventeen men out, but only eight women.
"Is that unusual?" Xuan asked. Despite her appearance, her Texan accent was nearly as strong as Ethan's.
"You haven't watched the show?" said Paul.
"Only some of last season," she said. "I'm nineteen, and my parents didn't get Fuxtel."
"Oh."
"It happens," Dianne replied. "A lot of women choose to stay even if their partner's kicked out. They can usually find another partner if they make it through the next few games. The next game will probably be something designed to almost even the numbers, though they'll lose some men too."
Ethan nodded. "They like to get rid of half the couples by the end of week two," he said. "Less time in make-up, more time for the games, and we can all eat in one shift and get to know each other. Then half of those the next week, and half of those the week after that... it's like Xena's Paradox."
The scoreboard dissolved, and was replaced by the sleeping assignments. "Odd number," said Ethan. "Does that mean people get a bed to themselves?"
"Only one, I suspect," said Dianne. "They don't like people sleeping alone, even if it means empty beds."
"What happens if we move to another bed?" asked Xuan.
"People have been kicked out for that," Paul replied.
"If they hook up with their partner," said Dianne, nodding. "Otherwise, they sometimes let the audience vote on whether they can stay. I don't know how often that works --"
"I can find out for you," said a man sitting at the table behind them. "There's a website with all the stats."
"If we can access it," Paul countered.
"Fair point," said the man mildly. "I don't know what sites they've blocked." He stood, and he and his wife walked to the screen to read the small print. Paul and Dianne followed.
"Looks like we're in different dorms tonight," said Dianne, looking down the list of names. "I won't have to listen to you snore, and you won't have to listen to me moan."
#
The contestants' sleeping quarters were large rooms, each containing six queen-sized beds separated only by floor-to-ceiling curtains that blocked light but did little to muffle the sounds of other couples fucking. Paul found his way to bed D6 and saw the redhead with the butterfly tattoo searching the drawer in the nightstand. "Oh, hi," she said, looking over her shoulder.
"Hi," he replied. "I'm Paul."
"Khaleesi."
He raised an eyebrow. "Your real name?"
"Sure. Every class I took in school, there was at least one other Khaleesi, and at least one Dani who didn't want to admit to being a Danaerys. Guess their parents must've had a shock when they saw the last episode." She sat on the bed. "We were in the same group this morning, weren't we?"
"Yes. You, um..."
"The facial, yeah. That poor guy." She tried to keep a straight face, but couldn't quite keep a giggle out of her voice. "Still, it looked good on the show."
Paul considered saying, "I guess it's sort of a compliment," but wasn't sure how she'd take it. "What's in the drawer?"
"Lube, toys, and makeup. Probably product placement, but good stuff, expensive. Magic wands, rabbit vibes, suction vibes, dildos, butt plugs, beads, strap-ons, ball gags, cuffs... what's your pleasure?"
"Well, I'm not into bondage. I'm sort of vanilla."
"Wow. You think you can go the distance?"
"Well, I've never come in someone's hand as soon as she touched me. You seemed to be having a good time with the woman you were with?"
"Tia? Sure. I like boobs." She wiggled hers; they were slightly smaller than Gudrun's, but bigger than Dianne's. "But I love cocks even more. What about you?"
"Boobs, yes. Cocks, no."
"So what made you audition? Looking for a bit of excitement, or was it just the money?"
"The money. You?"
"Oh, sure, the money would be nice, but I know it's a long shot and you get fuck-all but exposure if you don't win. Mostly I'm thinking it'll help me get better tips."
Paul raised an eyebrow. "Where do you work? Hooters?"
She laughed. "I'm a stripper -- good thing they don't count that as sex work. But I figure once guys have seen me fuck on TV, they'll be more interested in seeing my cunt and my boobs and my ass up close and personal in a club. More dances, better tips, and I'll make my house fee back and won't have to sleep in a tent most nights. Get a place where I can do camgirl stuff." She looked up at the cameras on the ceiling. "You want to fuck, or would you rather just watch me?"
"Did anyone ever tell you you have a strange line in pillow talk?"
She stuck her tongue out. "I figure that with everyone fucking around us, no-one's going to be listening in. But I like fucking whether people are watching or not, and hearing everyone else has made me horny. And as Shaw would have said, we've established what we are and all that's left is haggling over the price."
"George Bernard Shaw?"
"No, Run Run Shaw, the guy who made all those kung fu movies. Of course George Bernard Shaw. Just 'cause you're from Boston, you think they don't teach theatre arts in Kansas?"
"I'm from Iowa. I just work in Boston."
She shrugged. "Whatever. Look, I have a fuckton of toys here I can use to get myself off, but I'd prefer a real cock in my asshole and yours looks like it's a good size for it. It also looks like it's at leaning towards saying 'yes', even if your mouth isn't. Yet. You think your wife isn't getting fucked right now? Ooh, looks like you like that idea."
"She's in another room, with a woman. I guess it's random, some sort of algorithm."
Khaleesi smiled as his cock swelled a little more. "That turns you on even more, huh? The thought of her and another woman, kissing, sucking each other's tits, licking each other's clits, maybe their assholes too... ooh, yes, you like that idea, seeing your wife rimming another woman like she was getting her ass ready for you to fuck... Maybe it'll be on TV tomorrow so you can watch, but in the meantime, would you like me to get you all the way hard?" She re-positioned herself on the bed so that her face was only a few inches from his erection. "All you have to do is say yes."
Paul hesitated, but her warm breath directed up and down his stiffening cock made saying 'no' effectively impossible. "Yes," he whispered.
Khaleesi grinned, and licked the tiny drop of pre-cum from the tip of his cock before deep-throating his entire half-hard length and quickly coaxing it into a full erection. When she was satisfied with its rigidity, she repositioned herself again, straddling Paul with her cunt poised just above his face. He kissed the small heart-shaped patch of lust-red hair pointing to her clit before extending his tongue to circle the little nubbin, and she lowered her hips until her labia touched his nose. He began licking around her clit, spiraling in, parting her labia and being rewarded with a trickle of her delicious juice. Soon they were sucking on each other avidly, but before either of them had come, Khaleesi took his cock out of her mouth and said, "There's a bottle of lube on the nightstand. You don't have to stop what you're doing -- I'd rather you didn't, if you think you can multi-task - but if you can squirt some onto my asshole and work it in with your fingers..."
"Mm-hmm." He continued licking around her clit while he fumbled for the glass bottle, grabbed it before it rolled off the nightstand and onto the floor, and without taking his face out from between her thighs, found the nozzle and squirted a stream of lube into her butt crack above her asshole until the viscous liquid dripped onto his forehead. He returned the bottle to the nightstand and scooped up as much lube as he could with his right hand and began rubbing it around her asshole until his index finger naturally slipped inside. She crooned around his cock as he slowly and carefully finger-fucked her tight little pucker, feeling it relax. She stopped sucking him long enough to say, "Yes, that's goooood. So, the other thing on top of the drawers is a set of anal beads. You ever used those before?"
"No."
"Okay. Get them lubed up, and push them into my butt one at a time, gently, about as gentle as you're being with your finger now. Don't let them get tangled up, and make sure you keep hold of the loop at the end, maybe with your other hand. Go back to licking my clit, and when I say 'NOW', pull them out, but not until then. Get it?"
"Got it."
"Good. Now, where was I? On, yes." She returned her full attention to sucking his cock, taking care to keep him hard but not letting him come. Paul reluctantly stopped tongue-kissing her succulent cunt so he could see what he was doing as he inserted the gumball-sized beads one by one into her well-lubed asshole. When every bead was inside her and the ring looped around his crooked finger, he kissed her butt cheeks and went back to licking and sucking her protruding clit, his nose teasing her labia apart. He heard her breathing change and felt the rhythm of her fellatio become uneven, sloppier, as she approached her orgasm. He concentrated on pleasuring her to try to distract himself from coming, and when she yelled, 'NOW!", he tugged on the string and she squirted in his face as the beads popped out and she shook with the force of her climax. She collapsed on top of him, her cunt over his face like a gas mask, almost smothering him.
"Okay," she panted, a few minutes later, as she raised her hips to let him breathe, "you can stop now. Just give me a moment."
He inhaled air redolent of cunt and sodomy, and turned his head to kiss the inside of her thigh. She looked at his swollen cock and balls, and smiled. "You want to come now?"
"Yes!"
She turned around and grabbed the lube and a suction vibrator from the nightstand. "In my ass?"
"Fuck, yes!"
"Good." She squirted a dollop of lube onto the purple head of his cock, then straddled him, reverse cowgirl style with her feet on his thighs, then guided his throbbing erection into her butthole. She gasped as his glans popped through her ring, then sighed in pleasure as she slowly lowered herself down the length of his shaft. She placed the bottle of lube on the bed, looked at the cameras mounted on the ceiling, then cupped her right breast then lifted it so that she could lick the nipple. "Smile for the camera," she murmured, as she reached down and spread her cunt lips and gently rubbed her big clit while grinding up and down on the cock in her ass. "You want to play with my boobs?" she asked?
"Sure." He reached up and grabbed them, circling her nipples with his thumbs. "But I don't think I'm going to last much longer."
"No problem," she said, switching the toy on and letting it suck on her clit. He came a few seconds after she did, ejaculating into her bowels as she squirted over the end of the bed. She collapsed back onto him and lay there for a moment with her legs spread wide, then carefully extracted his cock from her butt and rolled over, getting onto all fours with her ass in the air so that the cameras could get a good shot of the jizz oozing out of her gaping hole. "Thank you," she said.
"You're welcome," he gasped. "Is that position good for you?"
"Reverse cowgirl?" She rolled over onto her side and looked at his face. "You never tried it?"
"No."
"It's hard on the legs, but it lets me control the speed and the angle, which is good when we don't know each other. And it looks great, lets 'em see my face and my boobs and my cunt. Otherwise, I prefer spoons. How about you?"
"Only ever tried doggy."
"Doggy is good, but spoons is better, if you're about the same width across the hips. Or find a barstool that puts her ass at a height where you can fuck it standing up, or lick it when you're on your knees. You haven't had anal in a while?"
"Does it show?"
"I wasn't complaining. Just curious. And sympathetic, I guess. You want the lights out so you can sleep?"
"Sure."
#
He woke in the morning to the feeling of her sucking his cock. "Uh, that's..."
"It's okay," she said, pausing. "I prepped yesterday, so I don't mind ass to mouth, unless you want me to stop?"
"Hell, no! Do you want to fuck, or --"
"No, I'll get myself off later. But you woke up hard, and it looked so tempting, I couldn't resist. And making someone come is its own reward." She resumed fellating him, not languorously and teasingly as she had the night before, but energetically as though she were starving. He watched her head bobbing up and down, and soon rewarded her with a mouthful of semen, which she swallowed without hesitation. "Yum," she said, licking her lips, and grabbed a Hitachi magic wand from the nightstand drawer. "Want to suck my tits while I make myself come?"
"Love to," he said. Her nipples were already hard, but the one he kissed and licked swelled even more as she played rubbed the whirring vibrator over her cunt. When she was finally satisfied, she kissed him on the cheek, returned the toys and lube to the drawer, and walked (a little unsteadily) towards the showers. Dianne was already there, along with Xuan and three couples Paul hadn't met. Dianne looked at Paul, then at Khaleesi, then at Paul's cock, but she didn't say anything more than "Morning." Until they were walking to the cafeteria for breakfast.
"You and the redhead, huh?"
"Yeah."
"Anal?"
"Yes."
"Good?"
"Yes. How did you do?"
"Shared a bed with Xuan. Talked a bit, mostly about the show, then just went to sleep."
"Well, we knew there was a shortage of men. I guess it's random. Some sort of algorithm."
"Maybe. But if I get a man tonight..."
"Sure. I understand."
"Good." She opened the door to the cafeteria, where a few dozen fuckable people were sitting down to breakfast.
(To be continued)