"I've got a package for you, little lady...right here."
Allisen managed to keep her composure for about five seconds before busting out laughing at my dumb joke.
"Come on in, you goof," she chuckled, ushering me inside her and Jack's apartment and giving me a quick peck on the cheek. I beamed at the contact, letting the little butterflies in my stomach do their now-familiar work. Cradling the little care package full of thumbprint cookies, I followed her into their home.
It had been a few weeks since our memorable encounter at the club, and, in that time, the four of us had managed to go on a few lovely double dates. Nothing too high-stakes, just a few little coffee meetups, some bookstore browsing, going with them to ogle potential new baby goodies. It turns out that, once you reach your thirties and everyone is working full-time or more, the biggest obstacle to getting hot and heavy is schedule management. So far, we hadn't reenacted our sexy times, but Scott and I were getting to know Jack and Allisen better as people, which was pretty dang neat in and of itself.
One thing I knew was that I was jealous of their decorating sense. I hadn't been over to their apartment before, but I got a chance to take in my surroundings as I followed slowly behind Allisen. Sensual goddess she may have been, but the pregnant waddle she was currently sporting leaned more toward the adorable than the seductive.
I couldn't help but compare our homes. Scott and I had crammed ourselves into a little studio, and had somehow seemed to fill every square inch of it with stuff. Nick-knacks, media, books, pictures, a giant plush chicken that I'd found at a garage sale. In contrast, Allisen and Scott's place matched the elegance and confidence of their personalities. Sparse, but classy decorations. Lighting fancier than the ten dollar standing lamps from Target. It felt very grown-up.
It gave me not a little bit of evil joy to think about how absolutely cluttered with baby toys it would soon be.
As we made our way to the living room, I spotted Jack, currently sitting cross-legged on the floor and surrounded by pieces of furniture. He wore a very serious face of concentration, running his fingers through his dusty blonde hair while staring at a tiny dowel.
"Hey, look who I found," Allisen said, introducing me.
I gave a little wave. "Hi!"
"Oh, hey, Marie!" Jack beamed, seemingly forgetting his task and bounding to his feet.
"I brought a care package! It's cookies."
"Oh, wow, thanks!" he made his way over to me and wrapped me in a big hug. Yep, butterflies here, too. He had nice arms. Like, really nice. And I'm a simple girl with simple needs. Like having those arms pin me to the ground and...anyway!
"I figured you guys could use something nice given all of the...everything you must be experiencing right now."
"Do you want to sit down?" Allisen asked. "Because I have no choice. I'm going to be sitting soon."
She gestured over to her couch. It had a built-in chaise, a pretty common feature that felt like luxury given how impossible it would be to fit something like that in my place. Right now, though, Pregnant Lady Dibs meant that I wouldn't be trying it out. Allisen sat and, with some effort, rolled herself into a lounging position. I sat down next to her, gently rubbing her shoulder.
"That looked tough," I cooed.
"I am three houses right now, Marie," Allisen sighed. "And, like, big, nice neighborhood houses."
"You're radiant," her husband assured her.
"Thanks," she flatly chuckled.
"May I?" Jack asked me, gesturing at the baked goods. I nodded and he took two, offering one to his wife. "Want one, babe?"
"I'll try," Allisen said, reaching out and taking the cookie. She turned to me. "I just want you to know that, if I hate it, it's not you."
Jack took a bite, nodding appreciatively. "These are really good. Thanks, Marie!"
Allisen took a tentative bite, paused, then swallowed with some difficulty. "Nooooooooo!" she threw her head back and kicked her legs in a very endearing display of frustration. "It's fish! Why does everything taste like fish!"
"Oh no," I stifled a laugh.
"Stupid hormones! I hate them." She clutched my shoulder for drama. "Did you know that plain hand soap has a smell? Because it does! Everything has a smell. And it's all terrible!" She pointed the cookie at Jack. "Here."
"I'll take 'em," Jack said with a smile, gently stroking Allisen's leg before sitting down among the furniture detritus.
Her head flopped over in my direction and she smiled at me. I couldn't help but stare into her beautiful brown eyes. No matter how frustrated she might have been, one look from her was still enough to turn me into pudding.
"I miss when I was able to be sexy at you guys," she sighed.
"Don't need you to be," I assured her. "Turns out, I like spending time with you. Scott, too. If he weren't wiped out from work, he'd be here in a second. You don't need to be any way other than how you are."
I wanted to do something, but didn't know if it'd be weird. Probably wouldn't be. I felt nervous and jittery. Screw it. Both of these people had seen my butthole. I could be confident, for once.
I shifted on the couch, leaned over, and gently kissed Allisen, running my hand along her cheek.
"Mmm," she sighed as my lips left hers. "That's really nice."
"Yeah," I giggled. "We should, you know, keep doing that sometime."
I looked over and Scott gave a sly grin. "Man, I feel like I picked the worst time to look down at the instructions."
"Oh, you're fine," Allisen said, chucking a throw pillow at him.
"Yeah, back to work, mister," I added.
"Yes m'am's," he laughed.
As Jack continued to work on what would at some point be a changing table, Allisen and I started getting caught up. She referred to it as "news from the outside world," because, apparently, the two flights of stairs combined with her pregnant belly meant that she had been spending a lot of time cooped up inside. Luckily, she was able to work from home. Between getting their house ready for the new arrival and Jack's work, she hadn't even gotten to see much of her spouse. I got the feeling that the isolation was getting to her.
Luckily for her, though less lucky for us, Scott and I had been having a time that could be charitably described as dramatic. One of the stores that Scott worked at had shut down, and another was cutting hours. He'd managed to get a job at Quik Trip, but that had its own troubles. Not only was it a graveyard shift, his assignment wasn't at the location by our place, but, instead, a forty minute bus ride away.
"That sucks," Jack said. "I'm sorry about that, Marie."
"You must miss him," Allisen added.
"Yeah..." I replied. "It's weird, because we only get, like, ten minutes of overlapping in-bed time together. I miss my sleep buddy."
"How's your work?" Allisen asked.
"My fucking-" I started, before calming myself down. "My fucking work is non-existent right now."
"Oh, no."
"You did, like, writing reviews and stuff, yeah?" Jack asked.
"I did. Like, in the past. The main outlet I worked for fired everyone. Stopped hiring freelancers. And I haven't been able to get my last few invoices paid because I can't get ahold of anyone."
"Awful," Allisen said, stroking my arm.
"But their site is still up! And they're still publishing stories, somehow!"
"You think it's the robots?" Jack asked, as he lined up the dowels and attached one side of the changing table to another.
"Fucking robots!" I said, only half exaggerating my anger. "All this AI shit...it gets me down, guys. Makes you realize how quick they are to replace people as soon as they can get away with it." I shook my head. "I'm sorry, guys, I didn't come over here to just dump all my baggage out on you."
"Hey, no!" Allisen assured me. "I'm glad you can talk to us. I like...I like that we have that kind of relationship now."
At the word "relationship," my chest fluttered. We hadn't really put a name on what the four of us had, but Scott and I agreed we really, really wanted to keep seeing Jack and Allisen. It was uncharted territory for the two of us, but, for as fun as the physical stuff was, we wanted to do all of it. All the gooey, dating nonsense. Just, with the group. However that worked.
I felt myself blushing. "You keep using terms like that, I'm gonna start thinking you want to be girlfriend and boyfriend or something," I joked.
The two of them paused what they were doing and looked at each other. "Oh, were we not supposed to call you guys that?" Jack asked.
"I absolutely have been calling you my girlfriend," Allisen added. "And calling Scott my boyfriend. Not to a bunch of people, because I'm stuck here. But still."
"Oh!" I said, somehow flushing even more red. "No, that's great! We..." I threw my head back in exaggerated frustration. "Ugh! We didn't know! We don't know how all this works. But, yes!" My grin threatened to get so big it escaped my face. "Yeah! I'm...you guys' girlfriend. And vice versa. And Scott is your boyfriend! Yeah, cool!"
"Alright, it's settled then," Jack laughed.
"I'll file the paperwork on Monday," Allisen said.
So...okay! I had a girlfriend! I had a girlfriend. Never had a girlfriend before. That was pretty exciting!  Girlfriend, girlfriend, girlfriend. I just kept repeating the word in my head over and over, assuming that it would lose its novelty. So far, nope. And a boyfriend! In addition to my husband! That's new! And fun! I was excited to tell Scott when I got home.
"Hey, so..." I started, now full of girlfriendly confidence. "Since, you know, we're, like, official and all...can I..." I turned to Allisen and raised one eyebrow. "Cuddle you?"
"Ha! Absolutely," she replied. With incredible speed, I scooted across the couch, smushing myself into her side and laying on her shoulder.
"Mmm...this is good," I sighed, gently stroking her side, before quickly propping myself up with my arm. "I didn't hurt you or anything?"
"No, love. Thankfully, I'm not that fragile," she replied, brushing a strand of hair from my eyes.
"Cool," I said, settling back in. We laid like that for a few minutes, watching Jack work on the changing table and gently stroking each other's arms.
Girlfriend. That sounded lovely.
"Oh!" Allisen said with a start, jolting slightly. "Oh, hey, sit up for a sec?"
I complied, wondering what was going on. She started to pull up her shirt, before pausing.
"Ah, fuck it," she shrugged before pulling her entire shirt over her head and tossing it aside. "I only put this thing on to answer the door. Shirts are dumb."
It was all I could do to not stare. Not just because my girlfriend (hee) was hot, but because her body had changed even in the short time since I last saw it. Her belly sat plump and heavy, looking as though she could pop at any minute, even though she had another month left before their due date. Her heaving breasts and entrancing collarbone seemed to beckon me to plant gentle kisses upon them. Every second since I last got to taste her sat heavy in my mind, and my whole being longed to experience every part of her. After a few seconds, I shook myself out of my reverie. "Yeah. So dumb. What even are...shirts."
With a clearly-practiced motion, she quickly undid the hair tie that was keeping the button of her jeans pulled taut. A deep sigh of relief escaped her. "Okay, phew." Now that she was more relaxed, she turned back to me. "Want to feel something cool?"
I nodded, and she grabbed my hand, placing it on her belly. After a few seconds of stillness, I felt a few soft but unmistakable kicks.
"Oh my goodness!" I exclaimed.
"Yeah, they are...ready to not be in there anymore," Allisen said, gently patting back at the little one inside her. "Me too, buddy. Can't wait to see you."
"Do you think they'll do it again?" I asked. Allisen shrugged. I put my hand back on her belly. After a few moments of nothing, I gently rested my ear on the soft flesh of her stomach. "Hello in there?"
Bap! A small impact hit the side of my head, and I burst out laughing. "Wow! You know, I'm not gonna let you live this one down, kid. I'm gonna tell stories about how you kicked me in the head forever."
"Now, now," Allisen said, gently addressing her passenger. "You have to be nice to Friend Marie. She's very good to your mom and dad. She brought cookies. Sorry you didn't get to have any, but I feel like that's partially your own fault."
The three of us laughed as Jack came over as well, getting a chance to feel a few more kicks. "Doesn't get old," he beamed with pride and love at Allisen, before getting back to his project. Likewise, after making sure they got a few licks in on their dad, the little one seemed to quiet down.
"Be honest," I joked, "You guys got into non-monogamy so you could have someone to help with baby stuff."
"Hey, you are under no obligation to help," Jack said. "Although, if you wanted to bring more cookies at any point literally nobody in this house would stop you."
"It's...primordial, right?" Allisen mused. "Having a big community of people, all helping to take care of the kids. It's not why we got into it, but it still feels...somehow right."
"Things just feel so isolating all the time," I mused, still absentmindedly petting her stomach. "It's kinda...hopeful-feeling, I guess. This notion that we're still, deep down, drawn to help each other out."
I looked over at Jack and laughed. "She said, while not helping out at all."
"No worries. I'm so good here," he waved a hand, dismissing the notion.
"Seriously, he's thriving," Allisen said in a low voice only I could hear. "Jack's dotes on me all the time, and now he has so many more excuses to do it. I don't know what I'd do without him."
"You gossiping over there?" Jack asked.
"I was saying that you need to stop doing so much stuff all the time because you're going to wear yourself out before the baby gets here, you smelly butt!"
She gave me a conspiratorial grin, full of love for her husband.
With one great grunt, Jack lifted his project and stood it up. It looked much more like a changing table now that all the pieces were together.
"Ta-da!" he said. "Not bad, for a butt."
"It looks great!" I said. It certainly looked heavy and sturdy, which I supposed was what you wanted.
"Thank you so much, my love," Allisen said. "Come here, I cannot get up."
He leaned over, having to stand on one foot to reach, and kissed her. She grabbed his face in her hands and planted several more on him before releasing him and sighing. "It looks so good. You're going to get so much more of that whenever I can move again."
"I'm just happy you like it," Jack said, stretching his back.
Admittedly, when the next idea occurred to me, I hadn't exactly been looking at Jack in a respectful way. Watching him stretch, in the tight little black tank top he was wearing, seeing just a hint of stomach peeking out...simple girl, simple needs. That plus the low hum of lust that I dealt with every time I saw these two after they'd fucked me silly at the club, might have lowered my filter a little bit.
"You know," I said, trying to sound seductive through the nerves. "Maybe...I could thank you properly, Jack?"
He stopped mid-stretch and looked down at me. "Yeah? Like...more baked goods?"
I chuckled. "I mean, yes. But! If Allisen was okay with it, I could..." I started, as gracefully as I could manage, to slide down off the couch, and onto my knees. Once I'd reached the floor, I looked back at Allisen. "What do you think?"
"I think that would be incredibly hot, actually," she said, the note of sensuality in her voice sending me floating.
I looked back toward Jack and started to crawl on my hands and knees toward the center of the room where he stood. "If taste and smell are a big problem, then I bet there's definitely one thing Allisen hasn't been able to do lately..." I reached where he stood and got back on my knees, running a hand up his leg.
"Oh, yeah, absolutely not," Allisen laughed.
"Not that it's a problem!" Jack quickly said to his wife. "No expectations here."
"I know, babe, but I still want you to have fun," she replied. "And we both know how fun Marie is."
Jack nodded and looked back down at me, running his fingers through my hair before cupping my cheek with his hands. "So much fun," he added.
I bit my lip, shivering at his touch, before turning my head and taking his thumb into my mouth, sucking it gently while staring up into his eyes.
"Oh, okay," Jack said, need in his eyes. "That's hardly fair."
I released his thumb. "Who said anything about fair?"
"Before we go any further," Allisen started. "Scott would be cool with this?"
I nodded. We'd actually talked about it quite a bit over the last few weeks. Both my husband and myself were really into our new paramours, and, although we'd had multiple, fun group get-togethers by that point, we didn't necessarily want to let our ability to spend time with Allisen and Jack be dependent on the stars aligning to put us all in the same place. In the few times we'd managed to make love since our last trip to the club, the notion of one or the other of us getting together with our new friends had come up fairly often in a fantasy context.
We loved each other, and, as a result, we loved the idea of each other's pleasure. I'd imagined those scenarios many times. Sometimes logistically. Sometimes while I was alone with my fingers and my dirtiest thoughts. The notion of knowing that Scott was receiving pleasure, even if I wasn't there, sparked feelings of extreme compersion within me. And I knew from the things Scott had moaned in our private moments, in those spaces where lust broke down all walls, that he felt the same way.
An idea occurred to me. I stood up, turning to Jack and holding up one finger. "One sec. Don't go anywhere." I looked him up and down. "Maybe ditch some of these clothes, though."
I walked over to Allisen, phone in hand. "Mind doing me a favor?" I explained my plan to her, and she agreed with a playful smile. I opened my phone, found the camera app, and hit "Record."
I framed myself  centered in the camera's view, and started to address my husband. "Hey, honey! I'm sorry you couldn't be here," I made a sad face into the camera. "But! I'm glad you're getting plenty of rest. Allisen and Jack are doing great, and mostly loved the cookies! I'll explain later. For now, I thought they might want to say hello."
I hit the button switching over to Allisen, still lounging on the couch. She waved to the camera. "Hi, Scott! Looking forward to the next time I get to see you! You might have to come to us, for obvious reasons."
I switched over to the selfie camera again, framing myself so Jack was partially visible behind me. "Jack's here too, and check out this changing table! He did such a good job building it, and, unfortunately, poor Allisen here isn't exactly in any state to show him the proper thanks. So..."
I switched back to the back camera, and handed my phone off to Allisen. I dropped down to my knees again in front of the camera. "I thought I'd go ahead and show Jack how much we appreciate him."
Once again, I crawled over to Jack. He'd taken off the tank top and shorts he'd been wearing, and was now only clothed in a tight pair of black boxer-briefs. It seemed the scenario I'd set up was exciting him, as his bulge strained against the tight fabric.
I looked up into his eyes. "Are you ready?"
"More than ready," he replied.
I turned back to the camera. "Hope you enjoy seeing this when you wake up, my love!"
Slowly, carefully, I hooked my fingers into the sides of Jack's boxers and began pulling them down. I took a second to linger as his waistband traveled down the length of his cock, savoring every bit of the tease that I knew would drive Scott wild later. Jack's length sprung out of the shorts and into view, already fully hard for me. On instinct, I licked my lips, staring at my prize as I continued working his underwear down his legs.
Once again, I looked at the camera, partially to give Jack a chance to step out of his briefs and partially to let my audience know. "He's got such a pretty cock."
Allisen stared at us with a pouting need. "It's so good."
"And, this is the first time you're actually getting to see it in good lighting," Jack mused. It was true. The club, while fun, prioritized mood over actually being able to see anything.
With a slight shuffle, I turned back to Jack, grabbing his waist and moving him slightly so that we would be perpendicular to the camera's view. Reaching up, I delicately wrapped my fingers around his length and started stroking him. He throbbed in my hand, clearly full of need. But I had a show to put on, after all. So, for now, I delicately traced my thumb along the underside of his cock, only occasionally stopping to do a proper pump with my hand.
"You're so hard for me," I said, looking up at Jack.
"Hard not to be," he replied, before closing his eyes and tilting his head back. "Oh, fuck, Marie."
"You two are so hot," Allisen mused. I glanced toward the couch, and saw her still holding the camera with one hand, while softly rubbing herself over her pants with the other.
"He's so much fun, baby," I said to the camera. "I wish you could be here, too." I dipped my head down, running my tongue along the underside of Jack's scrotum before taking one of his balls into my mouth and sucking gently.
"Ah! Fuck, yes, Marie," Jack groaned. "Just like that."
"Mmm-hmm," I agreed, before releasing him from my mouth and slowly running my tongue along the base of his shaft. I savored the unfamiliar texture of a cock other than my husband's on my tongue. The slight salty sheen of sweat still lingering from his assembly work earlier was making me dizzy with desire. Wanting to tease, I slowly worked my way to the tip of Jack's dick, licking delicate circles along the head of his cock while stroking him. His steady, low moans sounded like purrs, and I knew I was having the desired effect.
I glanced over at the camera and shot a wink to my husband. Looking up into Jack's eyes, as quick as I could, I took his cock deep into my throat.
"Fuck, Marie! Holy shit!"
The sound of his pleasure cheered me on, despite my difficulties taking his slightly longer cock as deep as I wanted. Fighting my gag reflex a little, I managed to take him to the base. I felt my cunt flush with heat as his member twitched with need on my tongue. My lips dragged across his shaft as I pulled my head back. With what I hoped was a sly glance up at him, I started sucking him in earnest.
Jack's eyes were closed and his fingers ran through my hair. "Just like that, Marie. Fuck, just like that."
"She's such a good little cocksucker," Allisen added. "Your wife is so much fun, Scott," she said to the camera.
"Mmm..." I moaned with pride and need around Jack's cock. With a wet popping sound, I released his length from my mouth. "I want to be good for you," I gasped at Jack, before turning to Allisen. "I want to be a good little slut for all of you."
Stroking his now-slick length, I took Jack's head back into my mouth, licking and sucking the top of his cock. His hand was on the back of my head, not forcing me down, but still giving small, involuntary thrusts into my mouth. My grunting moans were coming quicker as I picked up my pace, feeling my spit drip down my chin and onto my shirt.
"Oh, fuck, I needed this," Jack grunted. "Goddamn, Marie. If you keep that up, I'm going to...ah! Fuck!"
I came up for air. "Do it, Jack," I whined. A few more strokes, along with one long lick on the bottom of his shaft again. "Cum for me. You've been so good. I want you to cum for me."
"Make him cum, baby," Allisen had moved closer, now sitting on the edge her seat.
Knowing my husband had an even better view of the show encouraged me, and I took Jack's entire length down my throat once more.
"I'm so close, Marie," Jack groaned. "Fuck, I'm so close."
I reached up, feeling his hand on the back of my head. Suggestively, I applied pressure as I began bobbing my head quickly on his cock. Jack got the message, and I looked up at his face, flush with need and losing control, as he began fucking my mouth.
"Ghn, ghn, ghn," I let a moan escape as I felt my eyes roll back. I was being used, and loving every second of it. My body was a vessel for Jack's pleasure, an object to be gawked at by my husband. They wanted me, and I was giving them what they wanted. My underwear were becoming soaked with my own lust. The sounds, smells, and tastes of our fucking, of Jack's primal need and jerking thrusts, were driving me wild.
"Ah! Marie! I'm...oh, fuck-" his voice caught in his throat as the first pulse of cum hit my tongue. His grip on my hair tightened, giving me a momentary pang of delicious pain as his length twitched inside my mouth. More of his cum filled my mouth. I looked up, our eyes meeting, his face contorted with need and pleasure as I swallowed.
Jack let out a gasp as he began to come down from his climax. "Thank you...oh, fuck, thank you."
I released my grip on his cock, letting a small bit of his cum trickle out the sides of my mouth as it went. Playing to the camera, I scooped up the small bit of remaining fluid with my finger and popped it back into my mouth, giving one more swallow. After giving a quick wink to my audience, I turned back to Jack. "Any time."
"Aaaaand, recording done!" Allisen chimed in. With some amount of wiggling, she got to her feet and walked over to us. I got to my feet as well, giving Jack a quick peck on the cheek before taking my phone from her.
"Thanks!"
"That was really hot, you two," she said, giving me a quick stroke on my cheek. "But! It smells like cum in here and if I don't get out of this house I will throw up all over both of you."
"Aw, I'm so sorry, my love," Jack said, giving her a wave as she quickly retreated.
On my phone, I did a quick little scrub through the video. It was...surprisingly hot, seeing myself sucking Jack's cock. Nobody would mistake it for anything professional, but there was something about the confidence I was able to achieve when I was performing for the camera. Just that layer of separation, knowing that I was putting on a show, helped to ease all of the insecurities about myself and my body that normally run like a ticker-tape any time I was visible to other people. Getting a better view of Jack didn't hurt either. He looked so good when he was cumming.
Before I could chicken out, I hit the "share" button and sent it off, hoping Scott would find it hot and not distressing. Okay! I did that. We'd done that, now. We'd done stuff, but separate. I tried to imagine if the tables were turned. A brief image of a phone video of Scott going down on Marie flashed in my mind, and my body's response told me everything I needed to know.
"Hey," Jack said. He leaned in, and we shared a kiss that was delightfully soft and tender. "That was a lot of fun."
"Oh, so much fun," I whimpered. "Thank you."
"I look forward to getting to return the favor," he said, making my legs wobble. "It's not fair that I'm the only one who hasn't tasted you."
"Mmmn," I groaned. "Yes. That. Yes. Okay, you're..." I slapped him on the chest. "You're so hot. Stop that. Besides, I think that if this room smelled any more like sex you guys would have to move."
"Ain't that the truth," he chuckled.
Like a gentleman, he walked me outside. Allisen was there, leaning against the railing outside their door. The three of us chatted for a bit, threatening to make plans in the vague future. At one point, I was smushed between the two of them, and, really, the only thing that could have made it better is if Scott was pressed in behind me. Who knew what the future held, though? I could get my wish someday. With a quick kiss to both of them, I said my goodbyes, and made my way back toward the bus stop that would lead me home.
* * *
I was, admittedly, a little nervous when I arrived back at our apartment. As much as we had done so far (and as fun as the video was), there was still that little chance that I'd completely blown up my relationship and ruined everything. I'd seen on the messenger app that Scott had seen the video, but he hadn't said anything.
Hands slightly trembling, I unlocked the door, and stepped across the threshold.
"Hello?" I called out.
Scott stepped into view, coming around the corner from the kitchen. The salad tongs he was holding were quickly thrown aside, and, in a flash, he was on me, kissing my neck with need and force.
"Oh!" I squeaked, before registering the feeling of his lips on me. "Ah! So...mmm...I take it you liked the video?"
Wordlessly, he grabbed me by the waist and pulled me into the room, shutting the door behind us. Without me quite noticing he'd done it, my bag was on the floor, kicked aside. Our lips met in a deep, fiery kiss. Just for a moment, though, before the kiss broke, and I felt myself being spun toward our futon, bent over the arm of it.
"You thought it was okay, then?" I chuckled. Scott reached his arms around me, pawing at the button on my pants with a lust-fueled clumsiness that I found incredibly hot. My cheeky tone continued, despite the warmth radiating from my cunt. "Fine? Average?"
His fingers gripped tight at my auburn hair, pulling it to guide me to stand up once more. With a throaty growl, he spoke for the first time. "You are such a good girl, Marie."
He released me from his clutches and I fell forward once more. I felt my pants and underwear being yanked down, shivering at the cool air hitting the wetness on my pussy. His hands were on my thighs, wordlessly commanding me to spread my legs.
"Oh! Oh, fuck, Scott," his tongue dragged across my lips, making me moan with pleasure as he greedily dove into me. My hands involuntarily clutched the couch cushions, as my beautiful husband took my clit into his mouth. His tongue danced around my nub as his fingers began to probe at my entrance. This wasn't his normal need for me. I seemed to have awoken something in my husband. A craving for me that ran deeper than I even knew.
"Mmph," he moaned, his mouth occupied with my pleasure. My breath became shorter and shorter as he began inserting one, then two, fingers into me. I was already needy from my time with Jack, and Scott's roughness was turning me feral. My hips bucked and my legs shook as he started stroking my inner walls. With as worked up as I was, I wasn't going to last long.
"Please, Scott!" I begged. "Please, just like that. Oh, fuck, just like that." He continued to suck and lick my clit as his digits fucked me. The scent of my need filled our home, and our mutual grunts and moans drowned out all other noise.
My back arched and arms stiffened as my climax approached. It was going to be sharp and sudden, but I didn't care. I needed him. I needed to cum for him. "That's it, baby. Just like that! Oh, fuck, you're gonna make me cum. Just like that."
"Mmm-hmm?" he asked, his mouth still busy.
My eyes screwed shut as the pleasure began to mount. My breath caught in my throat, but I managed to choke out another plea to him. "Right there! Fuck, Scott! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna-"
In one, sudden burst, an explosion of pleasure washed over me. My hands pounded on the couch cushions as my cunt pulsed with pleasure. It wasn't the way he usually made me cum, where I floated in space for what seemed like hours afterward. This was a rush of primal need.
Before I even had begun to come back to earth, Scott was standing. The sound of his pants hitting the floor gave me the slightest preview of what was about to happen. Still staggered with pleasure, I had no choice but to cry out as he thrust his cock inside me.
"Ah! Yes, baby! Fuck me!"
The sensation was overwhelming. All I cared about was his pleasure as I met his thrusts, wanting to take him as deep inside me as I could. Tiny spasms shot through me as I tensed my muscles around his cock.
"Fuck, yes, Marie. You're so fucking good," he grunted, rutting and thrusting into me with wild abandon.
"Thank you, sir," I gasped. "I want to be your good girl."
"You...ah!" his erratic thrusting gave away his need. "You looked so fucking hot, taking Jack's cock. Swallowing his cum."
"I'm so happy, my love," I shivered at the mention of my earlier deeds. His words of love and lust filled me with pride. "I'm yours. Your little slut. I want all of you to use me however you want."
"God...fuck, Marie," Scott gasped. "You're so...fucking...ah! Such a good girl."
He was close now, starting to get incoherent. I wanted to get him there. Encourage him. "Give it to me, Scott. I want yours, too. I want your cum." He sped up. Nearly there. "Cum inside me, Scott. Fucking cum for me."
Scott's thrusts got more and more erratic. "Yes, Marie. Fuck, yes. Fucking..." he stiffened, tightening his grip on my ass. His hands trembled. "Ah! God!"
His cock pulsed as he emptied himself inside me. I let out a breath I didn't know I'd been holding as I melted into the moment, feeling joined with my beloved. I felt him relax, falling forward onto my back.
"Thank you, Marie," he sighed. "Fuck, thank you."
"Mmm...you too, my love," I shook my butt a little, making him gasp.
"So..." he stammered, trying to catch his breath. "My review is...five stars. Excellent film. Would watch again."
"Oh, good! I wasn't sure!" I laughed.
"Fuck, I love you."
"I love you too, Scott. So, so much."
I felt him start to shift. Before he could fully remove himself from me, an idea popped into my head. Glancing around, I spotted my bag on the floor next to the couch, within reach.
"Oh, hey! Before you, you know, make your exit. I have an idea."
With some amount of straining, I managed to grab my bag and pull it toward me. My phone was within reach, and I managed to extract it. With a few taps to reach the camera app, I handed it behind me, to Scott.
"Seems only fair to return the favor. Just, you know, give them a quick view of the results of their handiwork."
"Video reviews are quite popular these days," Scott chuckled.
"Right?! That's basically this."
After a few seconds pause, I heard Scott talking to the camera. "Hey, Jack and Allisen! Sorry I couldn't stop by. Just wanted to let you know that I really, really liked the video you guys sent me. Marie's such a lovely guest, isn't she?"
I blushed? At that? Of all things, that?
"Anyway," he continued. "I thought you guys might want to see what happened when she got home. Turns out, I thought it was really hot, and, well..." I felt him withdraw his cock from me. There wasn't really a way to get a great view of the situation, but the feeling of wetness, both his and mine, running down my inner thigh told me that I must have been quite the sight. "So...yeah. Thank you, both of you. Really looking forward to the next time we get to meet up. Bye!" I felt him tap on my butt. "Want to say bye, Marie?"
I looked over my shoulder, and swooned a bit at the sight of my dreamboat of a man. Looking into the camera, I gave a little wave. "Bye!"
Scott tapped the phone once to stop the recording, and handed it back to me. Still bent over the couch, I navigated to the messenger app and posted the video to our group chat. That task done, and now thoroughly spent, I slumped face-first onto the couch.
"Whew! Okay! Sent!"
"I think they'll like that," Scott said, kneeling on the floor beside me.
"Yeah, you know, texts can be so impersonal," I replied, looking up into his eyes. We stared at each other for a moment, before sharing a deep, loving kiss.
"So...shower?" he offered.
"Shower," I agreed. As we started to gather up our clothes and head to the bathroom, my phone chimed. It was a message from Allisen.
"Wow! My girlfriend's a freak ;)"
I quickly tapped Scott on the shoulder and showed him the message. "She called me her girlfriend! She called me her girlfriend!" I did a little hop of glee.
"You excited?" he asked me, smiling.
"Yep!"
"You regret hopping about it?"
My feet did feel a bit more wet than they had been pre-hop.
"Yep!"