Before I divulge my nasty sexy secret, I'll tell you a little about myself, but only as much as you'll need to know! My name is Vicki, I'm in my early forties with a young look and outlook. I'm medium height, quite slim and athletically built, with kinky corkscrew strawberry blonde hair. It bodes well that my hair is kinky, which falls in line with my new lifestyle and lustful attitude.
I work in the financial sector, holding a very high ranking position within my company which gives me the freedom to travel around the country, which allows me to dampen my new found insatiable lust on my many excursions. As a high ranking professional I needed to be extremely careful about my chosen lifestyle, so at first, I kept my professional life and sex life as two separate entities. My slut wife sex life has somewhat expanded over the years, but here is how it all began, which I'll divulge to you now.
About five years ago, my husband suggested we spice up our sex life and include additional people in to our parameters. He admitted that the thought of some guy sliding his cock in and out of my trimmed pussy aroused him terribly. He explained that he wanted that out of body experience of seeing me being fucked and orgasming with a new cock inside me.
I sat open mouthed, not believing the sentences rolling out of his mouth, but strangely I felt my stomach flip and my pussy bubble with uncontrolled excitement. He noted my obvious arousal at his suggestion and pushed further some of his fantasy scenarios. I never knew he was so imaginative and we talked for what seemed like hours, even so far as trawling dating and swinger sites on the internet.
I still had one or two reservations until I saw some of the profiles. They included photographs of their previous encounters, which more often than not would show a female with a cluster of guys, thrusting into every orifice available and the woman's face almost in a state of sexual frenzy, as the guys satisfied their animal lust. There was no disguising the fact that these women were delirious with sexual excitement, giving themselves subserviently, being fucked wildly by the groups of men. My pussy was tingling at the visual display. I had experienced anal sex with my husband, usually reserved for special occasions, but seeing these women being defiled so blatantly and wantonly aroused me more than I thought possible. My imagination ran riot at this point, visualizing myself experiencing one hard cock in my cunt and another bigger, harder cock sliding in and out of my asshole.
I looked my husband directly in the eye and smiled confidently.
"If we're to do this, I want to be fucked by three guys!" I said brazenly, making him aware that anal and double penetration were on the table.
"Don't you think we should build up slowly?" Hubby questioned somewhat alarmed.
"If one guy fucking me would turn you on, then three fucking me should blow your mind. I know it will blow mine!" I stated matter of factly, cutting him off and making my intentions known.
Hubby gave an uncomfortable giggle.
I looked him in the eye once more and said.
"Leave me alone on here and I'll chat to some guys I like the look of. I'll let them know I'm a slut up for anything and hopefully sort something out for Saturday night, where three guys can fuck me whilst I'm dressed like a slut!" I smiled teasingly "You can take some photographs of me later, showing my sexed up body for my new lovers!"
Hubby's faced flushed as he left me sitting at the computer to begin my sexual interview process.
I struck up a conversation with two separate guys who lived within five miles of our home. One of them said that if I wanted to pursue this lifestyle he would come along and fuck me in front of my husband as long as I dressed like a slut.
I enquired what would dressing like a slut consist of, to find he answered informing me, much to my surprise that the lingerie and outfits he was describing were already in my possession. I sent him a photograph hubby took recently, of me wearing a little tight black PVC Basque with black silk stockings and outrageously high heels.
My breasts were exposed due to the basque being cup-less and my trimmed pussy was on display, with my tight slit evident. I had blurred out my face and sent the photo asking if this is what he had in mind. He replied immediately, saying he would be wanking over this pic and would show it to Calvin, his muscular black friend, who works as a nightclub bouncer and was hung like the proverbial horse.
My pussy twitched with excitement reading his words and knowing he was looking at a photograph of me in my soon to be slut outfit. It aroused me even more that the photograph would be passed around like I was some sort of common whore.
I perked up even more at the mention and description of Calvin.
"You must bring Calvin with you when we meet up!" I typed excitedly "He sounds impressive!"
"You must know that Calvin loves to fuck white bitches in the ass!" he replied.
My stomach flipped with excitement, my pussy fizzing as though my love juice was carbonated.
The thought of being fucked by a black cock was exciting enough, but the added sleaze that the black anaconda would be sliding inside my tightest of holes, had me on the verge of orgasm, without being touched.
I couldn't believe I was getting in to the role so effectively and typed back.
"It would be amazing to have him fuck my ass while you fuck my trimmed cunt!"
I'd never used these words before in my entire life, but typing them now seemed so liberating and empowering. My face was flushed with excitement, when the second guy joined in the conversation.
"While they are fucking your pussy and ass, maybe you would like to run your cheating slut lips and tongue along my cock?" he quizzed "Maybe I will empty my spunk on your full lips and heavily made up face!"
I re-read his words and experienced a very powerful orgasm. An orgasm stimulated solely by cerebral arousal. Squeezing my thighs together, I could feel my obvious wetness at the top of my thighs. If I was like this just talking about it, then actually doing it would have my mind exploding.
"So what else do you have planned for your new slut?" I typed displaying my subservient side
"We'll both sit and watch you take the full length of the huge black cock in your pussy and ass, then when he decides to spunk, it will be ass to mouth to show you that he owns you and that you are our slut now!"
Reading his words I found myself seriously aroused by his confidence. I was almost desperate to give all of my holes to him and his friends. I became more and more subservient, agreeing to anything they suggested.
Their tone became somewhat harsher, referring to me as "Slut" Whore" and many other choice phrases. We chatted for a further ten minutes, which involved the guys telling me in great detail what they were going to do to me, which resulted in me subserviently agreeing to all of their outrageous demands. Eventually, after I posted a few more photos of me in various stages of undress, we swapped email addresses to arrange my first slut fuck session on the Saturday night, which would take place in a 5 star hotel close to my home, in the presence of my husband.
I couldn't believe how easy this felt, almost natural.
I walked away from the computer feeling my orgasm run from my saturated pussy and trickle down the inside of my stockinged thighs. I had never ever been so wet in my life as I was at that moment.
Proudly wearing the most salacious grin, I walked over to my husband, hitching my skirt above my wet trimmed pussy. My aroused sexual state was clearly evident, the sheen of my love juice, glistening on the swollen lips of my awakened pussy.
"Lick my wet cunt!" I ordered "Those guys made me come!" I sneered as my husband bent forward, slithering his wriggling tongue between my drenched labia.
My husbands tongue lapped up all of my orgasmic fluid as he increased the volume of liquid with an additional quantity of orgasmic fluid from my hungry slut cunt.
I pulled his head up to my panting mouth and began to lick the sopping juices from his face. He was astounded at my sexual aggression, so I decided to seduce and abandon my husband there and then. I took full control of the situation, slipping my clothes off seductively, removing my husbands hard cock from his trousers, seating him on a dining chair and straddling his hard cock. The length slid inside my drenched cunt effortlessly as I began to ride my husbands pole like a lap dancing slut. I was panting and moaning, telling him how I would enjoy three cocks fucking every available hole, making me come like a cheating slut, desperate for sexual pleasure.
When I told my husband that one of the guys was a huge muscular black who would fuck my ass, he could hold back no longer and squirted a huge amount of spunk deep inside me. I continued to tell my husband all of the sordid details that the guys would do to me as they use and abuse me, as he emptied his powerful load inside me. Once I'd completely drained his balls I casually slid off his deflating cock as his spunk oozed from my soaked cunt.
"I'm still horny!" I smiled "It's obvious I will need more than one cock to satisfy my cheating slut urges!"
Hubby just sat open mouthed, his face flushed and his receding cock, all shiny and wet with both of our sexual fluids. He still had the look of arousal as I tormented him further.
"I'm going to need real men with big cocks to fill all of my tight holes from now on!" I smirked "I'm quite excited about getting my first black cock and having him stretch my tight asshole with his huge snake!"
Pre cum was almost pouring out of my husbands cock as he began to stir to full blown erection. This was arousing him more than I thought, as in all our years together he has never recovered this quickly. I looked him in the eye with a smug look of empowerment and sneered.
"You bring yourself off while you think of those three cocks pleasuring me!" I grinned "And how much your slut wife will be pleasuring those three cocks!"
I was becoming the ultimate cheating slut wife at the first attempt!