Edited by notemale.
************
We eventually stopped. I came down from his lap and he asked me to cleanse his cock that was coated with mixture of his cum and my love juice.
"Look at me while you cleanse my cum..." He raised my head and then looked briefly into my eyes to make himself clear.
I was humiliated by his demand to act like a porn star.
I bent my head down and refused to look at him but began to lick his cock head.
"Look at me... BITCH!"
He pulled my hair to tilt my face toward him and spoke in his assertive voice with a lewd smile.
I sensed the dominating tone in him. I knew this young neighbor was attempting to dominate me. It was unthinkable that I, a married housewife was submitting to this young man who lived just right opposite my house!
But my heart defied my mind, I obediently looked up to him and let him watch how I licked his cock.
"Don't cleanse your cunt before you reach home. I want everyone to see cum leaking down your legs. Understand?"
"Yes. I understand."
Later, I walked out from the amusement center feeling embarrassing yet so sexy with his watery cum slowly flowing down along my inner thigh and my face stained with his cum and my own love juice.
It was an extraordinary day for the exhibitionist me.
I drove home and I kept thinking about perhaps the wildest day of my life. Also worried about the wild thing I did with CY, the young man who lives just opposite me. What would our future be? What would my future be having this kind of indecent activity with a man 10 years plus younger than me?
I reached home, opened the auto gate and drove in.
My heart sank when I saw my hubby standing in front of the house looking at me! Isn't he supposed to be gone for his business trip? I can't let him see me like this! Can I turn back and run away? Should I run away? How am I going to explain to him?
I paused for a while and soon figured that the best thing to do was to face him. Perhaps all these crazy things must have closure today.
I was without any underwear and my pussy, my thighs and my dress were still stained with cum! CY's cum was all dried up but I could feel it sticking to my skin. I suddenly felt extremely guilty about my indecent behaviors.
But I have to face my hubby after all.
He looked serious and upset. He entered the house when I parked my car beside his. I walked into the house and saw him sitting on the sofa looking at me.
Not knowing how to begin, I tried to pretend like nothing happened.
"Hi honey, why are you still here? I thought you are going to Penang?"
"No... I changed my plan, a little bit."
"Come here." He pointed at the space in front of him indicating me to go there. He was looking at me all the time. It was obvious that I was without my bra, perhaps he could see my pussy as the pinafore skirt was purposely hanging higher earlier.
"What baby? Something wrong?"
"Come closer, here."
"Where is your bra? And your panties?" He lifted the hem of my skirt as he asked.
He really was able to see my naked pussy. Did he smell the sleazy scent coming out from my messy pussy? I could smell myself standing in front of my hubby.
"I... I... I didn't wear them today. Is that OK honey? Are you upset?"
"Where did you go, why without your bra and panties?"
"I went to the mall... just window shopping."
"Why without a bra and panties?"
"I am sorry... honey... I wouldn't do it again."
"No... Answer my question. I am asking you. What happened to your bra and panties?"
"Honey... I... I thought you know why... I thought you loved me not wearing any underwear and I thought you are OK if I show my body to other man... that's why. Honey. I am sorry."
"So you go to the mall just like this."
"Yes." I was too scared to tell the truth. I lied, hoping to get away with the rest of the adventure, for now.
His face turned red and he was breathing heavily. There was something in his mind and he was not telling me.
Then I realized we did tease each other about me showing off to other man. I did tell him about my fantasies of me wearing skimpy outfit in public and letting men watch my aroused sex, but he never actually said it was OK for me to do it for real! Maybe he was upset because of this.
"Sorry honey, so sorry. I thought you meant it when you said that I can show other man my naked body. I am sorry."
I knelt down before him and plead for forgiveness. I knew I had made even a bigger blunder than showing off. I never got his approval for doing it.
He lifted up my face and he said, "Honey, I think you don't understand... I was there at the mall today."
"WHAT???!!" I felt the world has collapsed before me!
My heart stopped and I buried my face in my palms in great despair. Tears rolled down my hands. My hubby was there at the mall! He probably saw everything! Saw all the crazy indecent acts that I have done, perhaps the intense fucking inside the game theater too. I was caught red handed not once but twice for lying and betrayal!
After a while, he held my face and looked into my eyes.
"Honey... just tell me everything... everything."
I was devastated and repeatedly shook my head.
"No honey... no... I am sorry. If I tell you everything, it would hurt you so bad. Please don't make me, please..."
"Just tell me... I need to know. Even if it means hurting myself. I need to know, please tell me."
"You have seen us, why do you want me to tell you? I can't."
"Just tell me..." His face displayed mix of emotions, but no anger.
I figured that the moment of truth has finally arrived. I shall not delay it any more.
"It started with the young man, CY, the young man that lives opposite us. He likes watching me... staring at my body... and even peeping me. And me being an exhibitionist, I got addicted to him watching me. And slowly we played some showoff games. He asked me to wear sexy outfit, or wear sexy underwear or sleep naked... all sort of crazy things..."
"And I found myself unable to resist his requests. I was aroused by his requests actually. And one thing lead to another. One day I ended up completely naked before him and his friend and we..."
"You guys what?"
"We had sex... I am sorry honey, please forgive me... please..."
"Continue please." His face turned red. But he was rather calm after I confessed to having sex with other men.
"We never do it again after that... we never... but few weeks ago he secretly sent sexy outfits to me... and I just could not resist wearing them. First he sent me a tank top and miniskirts. The tank top was very small, thin and sheer, I can't hide my breasts wearing it, and the skirts were very short... I knew I shouldn't have worn it, BUT I just can't resist! Then he sent a red loose singlet... with large armholes, you have seen me wearing it. Do you remember?"
I have decided to skip the part with the delivery boy.
"Yes... the singlet that could not hide your breasts nor your bum..."
"Yes, that singlet. You already knew how aroused I was wearing it for you... right?"
"Honey, I was addicted... addicted to wearing sexy skimpy outfits... I knew it was wrong. But I just can't resist... especially if someone wanted me to wear it for him... I felt so sexy, so needed... like I was born to pleasure men by showing off my body..."
"And this morning, he sent me this dress... I was too excited, too aroused. I wore it to the mall... and he followed me to the mall. He starting taking picture of me, praising me and teasing me to show him more... in the mall."
"Sorry honey, I could not resist but to follow his requests... I knew I was in a mall... I removed my panties then showed him my naked bottom, then I removed my shirts... and allowed him to take photo and video of me... he promised to keep it secret..."
"You saw us right, honey?"
"Just continue and tell me more..."
"I knew he was taking advantage on me, pushing my limit, trying his luck... he probably knew I couldn't resist... I just cannot... I was extremely turned on!"
"Later he took more photos of me... he removed my dress completely off me... I tried to stop him but he just didn't listen... he stripped me complete naked there... did you see that honey? He removed my dress completely inside the amusement park... Did you see?"
I tried to ascertain how much he saw.
"Just carry on."
I noticed my hubby was getting an erection.
"Then he licked my pussy and even my anus... I knew it was so inappropriate but I can't resist him either..."
"He licked your asshole? You let him lick your asshole? You've never let me." he was a little bit pissed off.
"I am sorry... I always thought it is very dirty... to be licked there."
"Did you like it?"
"I don't know... he pulled my anus, so hard, he stretched my anus so wide... like he wanted to see deep inside... so much pain... and he licked... so embarrassing... so painful!"
"So answer me, did you enjoy it?"
"Honey... I... I felt so dirty... so much pain..."
"Did you enjoy him licking your asshole?" He raised his voice.
"Yes... honey. It was... good! I am sorry. It was good!" I knew deep inside me good was an understatement. It was much more than good.
I felt like a dirty whore in front of my hubby, admitting to him that I enjoyed other man licking my asshole. But my hubby's erection became much bigger. He was aroused listening to me!
"Then someone came near and we hid inside a games theater... and he fucked me inside there..."
"I am sorry honey... I am sorry... but I could not stop him... I could not run away... like I was spellbound... I was totally naked inside there with him... my dress was outside... he asked me to sit on his lap to play the game... but I knew he just wanted to fuck me... I could not resist him... please forgive me."
"So you did sit on his lap?"
"I am sorry... yes... I did... I am sorry. I knew that was wrong... I knew he was taking advantage of my vulnerability. He took out his... and... forced it deep inside me."
My hubby's erect cock became obvious underneath his pants. He was excited by my encounter, my story.
"Yes... you are right honey. I am an exhibitionist... but I could not tell you that I am also... I could not resist him taking me... how could I... I am so ashamed of myself... I am sorry honey... sorry."
"I am sorry honey... I love to wear sexy outfits for you... but I love to wear sexy things in front of other men too... the more men watching my body... the more I want to show them... I am an exhibitionist... slut..."
I was kind of surprised to see my hubby don't seem to be angered by other men fucking his wife.
"Gosh!! The renovation... oh fuck..." My hubby regretfully covered his face, like he has made a big mistake.
"The renovation? What renovation?"
"I am sorry darling... it's my fault... it's my fault also." I hubby said.
"Why? What about the renovation?"
"Honey... I have to confess to you too... I love to see you wearing sexy clothes in front of other men too, the renovation of the gym room downstairs... I asked you to wear the sheer dress because I wanted to show you off to my friend and his workers... I want to see you wearing sexy things and being watched by other men."
"Yes, I even requested my friend and his workers to watch your sexy body... not to be afraid..."
"Oh my gosh, you asked your friend to watch me!"
"Yes. I am sorry."
"You asked me to wear the sheer dress and you asked them to watch me too... watch my exposed body in front of you?"
"Yes... I am sorry... I thought it harmless to show off my wife... I noticed you were embarrassed and a bit panicked, but it turned me on so much!"
"You get turned on watching me exposing myself to other men! So you gave permission to your friends to watch your wife wearing sexy see-through clothes?"
It was not a tables turning scenario but I have a sense of hope getting out of my situation.
"Yes... they told me that you are sexy and beautiful... they said they can even see you nipples and your bum... you were so sexy that day!"
"My nipples and bum..."
"Yes... they said you were very sexy... they loved your cute little sheer white panties... and I am so proud of you! Honey, I am responsible pushing your limit. I am sorry."
I figured that the workers probably did not tell my hubby nor their boss what had happened in that afternoon.
"Honey... I have another confession to make... and I am sorry..." I decided to tell him more. Decided to tell him that he was responsible pushing my limits more than he aware.
"Another confession?"
"Yes... about the renovation workers... in the afternoon."
"Tell me... just tell me."
"Give me a minute... let me get that dress."
I walked up to our room and took the dress that I have been hiding after that day... I put on the dress and walked back to my hubby. My heart pumped forcefully. My hubby straighten his posture after seeing me in that skimpy shirt dress.
"Honey... after you left that day... they were still staring at me whenever I checked out their work... as you have ordered, they paid full attention to me... I was constantly aroused and I craved to show them even more..."
"So you trimmed the dress shorter?" I hubby interrupted.
"Yes... like this..." My face flashed in shame.
"Come closer..."
"You have trimmed your dress so short!! I can see you pussy from here!"
I shut my eyes as I felt so shameful of my sleazy dress and guilty for doing such an indecent thing.
"Turn around."
"Oh fuck! Your dress can't even cover your butt properly... and you wore this in the afternoon? No panties?"
"No... but I didn't mean to cut it so short like this..."
"And yet you walked around wearing this, knowing they can see your pussy?"
"Yes..." I pulled the hem of the dress down to cover my exposed bottom as if that could reverse my indecent exposure. I closed my eyes as hot flash of shame swept over my face down to my crotch.
"Bastard! Didn't tell me!" He spoke to himself.
"Darling... come here... look at me."
I knelt down again in front of him. I saw a tent on his lap. He was getting real hard! I figured that my hubby was really turned on by my exposure story.
"Tell me everything... what really happened."
"Yes... I could not control myself... I cut the dress... I thought I just trimmed little bit... but I cut too much, too short to cover my bottom... but that made me even more excited..."
"I brought the washed clothes down to hang dry... they were resting and watching me... I walked passed them and they saw my bottom. The saw my bottom... no panties, saw my naked, clean, shaved, fuckable cunt." I began to use dirty words, hoping to arouse him more.
"I was so turned on... I hung the clothes under their stares... I bent down to pick up the wet clothes... my bare bottom completely exposed to them... sometime I knelt down too... with my legs spread opened showing them my pussy... like I am doing a strip show... I even touched myself... spread my cunt to show them my fuck hole... and my swollen clit... and they like it... giving their full attention to me... I was so embarrassed... showing them my fuck hole... but at the same time I was extremely excited..."
I squatted down with my legs widely spread, one knee rested on the floor and the other knee pointing up. My pussy completely displayed to my hubby's eyes. I felt like I was trying to seduce my own husband.
"Like this, I spread my cunt and showed them my wet hole that you love to fuck."
My hubby grew even more excited while watching my demonstration!
"Later I pushed the rack out to catch the sun... I tripped and fell onto the sand...they came to help me... 3 of them together... they helped to brush the sand off my dress and my skin... on my thigh and on my bum... three of them together... I asked them to stop... told them I can help myself... but they didn't listen..."
"Then?" He sat upright to pay more attention.
"Then they lifted up my dress... touching my body with their rough hands, touching my buttock... my wet pussy... I tried very hard pushing them away... honey really I did..."
"Oh gosh... my pussy was so wet... so wet... my nipples were so hard... I was scared, panicked... how can I be so aroused in this dangerous situation!!"
"He was so strong, his fat and rough fingers slipped inside my pussy so easily... he teased me, saying that my pussy is so wet, must be craving for his cock..."
"And my nipples were so hard! And it felt so good when they pinched them... rolled them... it felt so good!"
"They unbuttoned my dress... NO... they ripped my dress opened... like this..."
I ripped my shirt dress opened, all the buttons flew into the air and dropped down on my hubby and the sofa.
"And they kissed my chest... my breasts... I pushed them away... really... I pushed very hard... but 6 strong hands on my body... I can't."
I knelt down in front of my hubby.
My hubby began to massage his erection under his pants.
"Then? Tell me..."
"Then they continued to play with my body... lift up my leg and licked my bottom... licking my swollen clit... dipped his fingertip into my wet hole... so good... they also sucked my nipples... squeezed my breasts... three of them... using me like a worthless whore!!"
I unzipped my hubby pants and released his cock but he pushed my hands away.
"Honey... please let me suck you... please." I begged him, hoping to soften him by sucking him off.
"NO... just tell me what happened!"
"Honey... I wanted to run away but they were too strong... I asked them to stop... but my body betrayed me... my pussy was so wet... so swollen... and they knew, although I kept saying no, they knew I want them to fuck me..."
My hubby began to rub his own erection.
"Then they took out their cocks and began to fuck me... in my pussy... also my asshole... they even fucked both of my holes at the same time..."
"One of them lifted my leg up and exposed my bottom, the other man came behind me, they sandwiched me in between their strong hard bodies... their cocks... one inside my ass, one inside my pussy..."
My hubby's cock stiffen into an iron rod. He was so aroused listening to my double penetration encounter!
"Honey... two hard erections inside me at the same time... I felt so full... so filled... I felt like I was a cheap whore that every man can fuck..."
"They fucked me right in the middle of our backyard..."
I held my hubby hard cock and maneuvered the head into my watery mouth and I sucked it deep into my throat.
He pushed my head away.
"Tell me what happened next..."
I continued to rub his wet hard cock up and down.
"Honey, I knew it was wrong... but I couldn't help it... I kept pushing my ass against their hard cocks... like a shameless whore... they went very deep inside me... two hard cocks at the same time... so fucking deep inside me!"
I climbed up to my hubby's lap and sat on his hard cock. The old sensations all came back to me, my mind was switching between my memory and reality. He finally gave way to me. His hard cock penetrated deep inside me.
"Honey... I bounced against their cock... like this... ummmm...huuhhh... NO... NO... they used me... they used me like a fuck toy... fucked me so deep!!"
I bounced on my hubby's lap and he thrust his crotch against my bottom, his hard cock went deeper and deeper inside me. I placed my hands on the sofa behind his shoulders for support and he was squeezing and kneading my bouncing breasts.
"Later he laid on the floor, I was still sitting on his lap, the other man still knelt behind me... held my hips firmly... their cocks still stuffed inside me, one inside my asshole, one inside my cunt... in, out, in, out... they continued to fuck me..."
This part did not happened, but I decided to spice up my story for my hubby's pleasure.
"The third man, he held my face and shoved his cock inside my mouth... deep throat me... all my bodily holes were stuffed with cocks... all three of them, fucked me at the same time..." We were panting heavily and our moans filled up every corner of the house.
It has been long time since my hubby fucked me this hard.
"Fuck! So good... so fucking good... he cum inside me... ummmm... he came inside my mouth, then he pulled out and cummed all over my face... he slapped my face with his dirty slippery cock... then he forced me to suck his cum clean..."
Soon my hubby pulled away from my bottom and he pointed his slippery wet cock head right at my asshole. I immediately knew what he wanted and I slowly worked his cock head into my asshole. For the first time, he entered me from my backdoor!
"Darling, you are a real slut! Tell me what's next. Did the other two cum also?"
"Yes... yes... they both cum inside me... and all over me... so much cum... dripping down my thighs..."
Slowly his cock head penetrated my anus and slid deeper inside me, we picked up the rhythm and we moaned again.
"Ummm... honey... I am a dirty slut... huhhhh... I let strangers cum inside all my holes!" He continued to drive his cock deeper inside me...
"FUCK, FUCK, FUCK..."
Soon he came inside me while I continued to pump his throbbing cock until his orgasm was over. He cradled me while taking a rest. I tried to kiss him but he rolled my body to the side. His cock slid from my asshole and his warn cum leaked out immediately.
"Wait here."
He walked upstairs without saying a word. I sensed that something serious is yet to come.
My hubby's cum kept leaking out and stained the leather but I was sitting there not going anywhere, afraid to disobey him.
He returned in a short while with his laptop on his hand. He sat beside me and turned on his laptop.
"This is the password to my laptop... keep it." He put a note on the table.
"Darling... I don't know how to say it... what to say... it seems we both have been keeping secrets from each other."
"Yes... but I don't know how to tell you... it is so wrong."
"Honey, it's OK. I don't blame you. I am keeping my secrets too... my darkest secret, my secret that I can't tell anyone, specially you, my love, my wife..."
"But I think it's time to tell you."
He began to open his files folder and stopped at a folder named "Lovely Wife".
"This folder contains many photos, video, stories or links... it's all sexual. I want you to check this out, watch them... all of them. And when you see a woman in a photo or video or story, imagine that you are that woman, because I always imagined you are the woman...Understand?"
I turned my head.
He then opened a subfolder and click opened a photo.
A woman, standing against the wall with her hands raised above her head. She was cuffed and chained to the wall. She was totally naked and her sexy body was there for everyone to see.
"I love this photo very much. And I imagined that it is you in the photo... it turns me on so much imagining you like this."
"And I want you to know my secret fantasy, about you. Just imagine that it is you, then you will understand my desire... I have to warn you, some are very immoral, obscene, corrupted, and dark... depending on how you see it. That's why I have been keeping my real desire a secret... because you are my wife, I'm afraid you cannot accept me, accept my desires. And I don't want to degrade you... against your will... against your wish. But after listening to you, just now, I suspect you might love some of the thing in here... you might love some of my dark desire."
"And like this lady here, can you see her wearing a collar with a leash? This means she is a slave... a sex slave."
"I want you to be my sex slave, to explore our sexual desire together. You should understand that being my sex slave, is not about degrading yourself, it's about availing yourself to explore your own sexual desire... and my sexual desire together."
I nodded.
"And you own the collar yourself, you have the power to control the situation. When you put on the collar, I know that you are my slave and I am your master. When you decide to stop, any time at all, for whatsoever reason, you can stop by saying a safe word, and you cease to be my sex slave, immediately. Or when I see you without the collar, or you take off the collar, you are not my slave, immediately... you are my wife. Understand?"
"Yes. I Understand."
"Darling, I really need to go now. I have so much to tell you, I know you must have many questions also. But I have no more time. I have to be in Penang tonight." He stood up and was ready to go.
"I want you to think about it tonight. If you love to be my slave, which I love so much, great! But if you think this is not what you like, it's perfectly OK. And we forget about it."
"OK. I'll think about it."
"Good! Bye." He kissed me and leave. I held him back.
"My dear, do you still love me... love me as your wife, after all that I've done?"
I asked him as tears rolled down my cheeks. I needed to know badly.
"Yes... yes... I love you so much!"
"Make me cum please... I needed to feel your love so badly."
He hugged me and we kissed. He started timid with his arms cradle around my back. I led his hands down to my ass cheeks and he began to touch my meat gloves. Started with soft touching and massaging, he quickly progress to strong squeezing and kneading. His breathing turned heavy and murmured through his throat. "I love you too... I love you so much!"
Our kiss turned into a wet kiss with his hands all over my body. I felt that we are in love again!
He broke our kiss and continued to kiss my face and my neck while his hand was playing with my breasts. He continued moving down to kiss and sniff my neck, shoulders and soon down my breast, tummy and crotch.
He buried his face into the triangular space between my tummy and my thighs. Kissing, licking and sniffing my aroused sex. My legs turned to water when he lifted my leg onto his shoulder. My soaking wet pussy landed onto his face. He kept kissing, sucking and sniffing heavily. I have never experienced such intense desire from him!
"The sexy cloths... I sent to you... not that young man... I sent them." he murmured while kissing my wet lips.
"I want you to dress like a slut... for me..."
He kept on sucking and licking my swollen clit.
"Oh my..."
I immediately melted knowing my hubby was the secret admirer, knowing it was my hubby that wanted me to dress like a slut!
"Oh honey... I am cumming... YES..."
An orgasm swept through my whole body as I pressed my throbbing pussy onto my hubby's face!
I felt so loved and so belonged! Like a stray cat finally found her love refuge!
He broke his kiss with my pussy and rested me on the sofa.
"I really have to go. Love you. Bye." He kissed me for one last time. He left the house, leaving me alone at home with the new situation that I needed to sort out before he comes back again.
I brought the laptop back to our room and took a quick shower. I wanted to shower myself properly but I was too attracted to the contents of my hubby's secret folder.
There were a few sub folders, namely 'Sexy Outfit', 'Slave', 'BDSM', 'Cosplay', 'Gangbang', "Little Slut', 'Roleplay' and a few 'New Folder'.
My hubby wanted me to imagine myself as the lady in the photo or the video... my heart pounded forcefully as I looked through the names of these folders.
I opened the 'Sexy Outfit' folder and saw many photos of woman wearing different type of outfits, some moderate, some sexy and revealing. Some were very skimpy, that could not possibly be wore in public without getting caught! My heart pumped forcefully as I browsed through some of the obscenely tiny outfit. Imagining myself wearing those outfit made me wet again.
In the "Slave" and "BDSM" folders I saw many photos of woman chained, cuffed or tied up, either naked or wearing erotic outfit. Some just tied up to the wall, some tied to the bed, and some are fucked by a man in various positions, some fucked by a few men. Many video links, all showing submissive woman getting fucked by men. Many were porn productions but there were many amateur photos and videos too.
I can't helped but to touch myself while watching all those erotic contents, watching the woman in the video being used by men, knowing my hubby pictured me in those scenes! I don't know whether I would actually like doing it for real, but the imagination of myself wearing a collar, cuffed and gagged and being used by my hubby or other men was very exciting.
I was addicted to watching my hubby secret photos and videos. I took out all my sexy cloths, cutoff clothes which I have been secretly kept. I put them on to mirror the theme of what I was watching, whenever possible, to make myself similar to the woman in the photo set or video.
I was there watching nonstop, unable to stop until evening. Feeling extremely horny and my urge to expose myself became unbearable.
I was watching a Japan AV where a married woman was ordered by her husband to go grocery shopping. He made her wear a sheer, low cut and short spaghetti dress, without bra and panty. Her breasts were mostly exposed and her nipples and pussy were also visible through the thin fabric. She was extremely embarrassed but she obeyed her husband. She followed her husband down to the street and immediately she attracted much attention as she has no way to hide her naked body!
My urge peaked after watching that woman exposing her body in the street. I searched my piles of cloths and found an old piece, almost similar to the dress in the video; spaghetti strap, short, sheer, and low cut. My hands were shivering and my heart beating heavily as I put on the garment. Both my desire and hunger were driving me crazy. But, I knew I should not wear it, I knew I cannot wear it to the public place. It was not a dress but actually a babydoll! My hubby brought me when I was sweet and young. The fabric was very thin and see through. The V-neck was very low cut and only began to cover my breasts just above my nipples, leaving most of my breasts exposed from the front and the side. Even then my hard erect nipples were clearly visible underneath the thin fabric. And the babydoll ends just below my crotch. It would be very indecent to wear it in public places. There is no way for me to hide my aroused sex wearing such flimsy sheer babydoll in public places!
But the thoughts of not able to hide my body and that everyone would see me just added to my boiling desire!
I added a matching white bra to tone down the visual effect. Satisfied with my outfit, I took a photo and WhatsApp it to my hubby.
'No lunch, no dinner yet. Now going tapau... hope you like my outfit'
He must be still busy with his event. But unexpectedly he replied.
'Wow nice.'
'Your bra, so ugly. No bra no panty'
'Really? But I am going out'
After a few minutes. 'No bra no panty.'
I looked into the mirror again. True, the bra was ugly, it was bigger than the V neck covering my breast. I figured that a bra will certainly ruin the babydoll so I have to forgo the bra.
I sent another photo to my hubby.
'NO PANTY... NO PANTY'
He did not give up.
I examined myself again in the mirror. The open back babydoll was showing off the matching T-back G-string panties, leaving my bum completely bare. The tiny triangle patch was just enough to envelop my pussy lips. Even with my panties, I have nothing much to hide.
'Fuck I am so busy now. ttyl. Remember NO PANTY'
He sent me another message reminded me no panty.
I will do a drive through, I will make it quick, it is almost midnight, not many people around, I am sitting inside my car anyway, etc. I gave myself some good reasons to go ahead.
I removed the tiny panties. My nipples erected further. I took another photo and sent to my hubby.
I grasped my keys and drove to a nearby fast food restaurant. However my heart defied my plan and I drove away just before I could enter the drive through lane. My mind was in total mess as I began to grind my wet pussy lips against my car seat for gratification.
Drive through was the safest plan but that was not what my heart wanted! But where? I drove aimlessly further to the main road until I reached another housing area where I seldom go. I saw a small mamak restaurant still opened in an otherwise quiet row of shops. I stopped my car just outside the restaurant and checked out the situation. The small restaurant was pretty busy and full. Many customers were paying full attention to the TV, probably watching a live football match. A usual night scene for our mamak restaurant.
My heart raced thinking that I would be going in to buy my meal wearing just my sheer babydoll! I was unsure if I could sustain the stares and the embarrassment that came along. But the showoff slut inside me was compelling me to go in.
I stepped out of my car and walked up to the restaurant. The wind was blowing and I could smell the rain coming. A few customers noticed me and watching me as I walked in.
I stopped at the cashier counter. The waiter's eyes were wide opened, staring at me. Perhaps it was his first time seeing such a customer.
"Bungkus maggi goreng ayam satu." I ordered a fry instant noodle with fried chicken.
"Lagi?" The attendant asked me anything else while alternatively paying attention to my face and my chest.
"Itu saje. Berapa?"
"Lapan setengah."
I paid him and turned to find a place to sit. More customers were watching me as I walked to an empty table located further into the restaurant. My exposed breasts bouncing under everyone's watchful eyes. My side boobs were completely exposed. The babydoll has no way to constrain my breasts. The open back was flying lightly in the wind emphasizing my bare bottom. My face blushed in embarrassment.
Yet my nipples harden into two big bullets and my pussy flooded with my love juice. While I was waiting, the waiters were making their trips around me to peep down my chest.
I quietly took a selfie showing my upper body and the kitchen area as background.
'Waiting now.' I sent the photo to my hubby.
Soon the sky started to rain and the wind was blowing stronger. And my order was ready. I quickly picked up the package and rushed to my car hoping to get on to my car before the rain turns heavy.
Just as I took the last step down to the road, "Ouch!!" I tripped on the wet floor and fell onto my own car.
A waiter and a few customers rushed out to help me. They held my arms and led me back to the walkway in front of the restaurant.
"Thank you, thank you! Thank you very much!"
"Miss, you okay or not?"
"Ada cedera ke mana mana?"
I thanked for their help as they asked if I have injured myself. I noticed they were all looking down at my body.
Oh my god, my thin white babydoll was soaked by rain. The damp fabric clung to my skin and turned completely transparent! My protruding nipples and my puffy areolas were completely visible. The fabric also clung to my crotch and outlined my camel toe too.
A few more customers came out to check out the situation and saw me wet and naked.
"My key?" I realized my car key was lost. My food and the cash was gone too. Only my phone was still with me.
"Kunci jatuh ke? Mana?", "kunci hilang, tolong cari."
Everyone started to look around the floor but kept checking me out at the same time. I have no way to hide my naked body and my nipples fully erected as I stood amongst the men. I was feeling dizzy having so many eyes watching me in such a state of exposure. The only way to get out of situation is to find the key and go.
Then I saw my key laying underneath my car near the tyre. I quickly walked out to retrieve the key. The rain again completely soaked my babydoll and wet every inches of my skin.
I squatted down to reach below the car for my key. My breasts sneaked out from my flimsy babydoll for everyone to see. I leaned further down and stretched my arm fully to reach my key. My breasts swung back and for as the cold rain water dripping down through my pointy nipples.
Instead of embarrassment, I began to feel sexy again being watched!
I finally get hold of the key! I stood up with my body fully wet and my breasts completely exposed. I waved good bye to everyone.
Bye bye... bye bye...
Everyone was staring at my soaked, wet, exposed naked body. I felt so sexy, so excited and so satisfactory! I stood under the rain, instead of wanting to rush off quickly, now I don't even want to get into my car! And I did not want to let go of their attentions!
I am born to pleasure man! I remembered what I told my hubby.
Isn't the scenario very similar to some of the photos and videos in my hubby's secret folder? A group of excited men, a naked horny woman, and the men started to play with the woman, they touch her and they used her.
Honey, you are going to fucking loving this! As you wish, I am becoming your slut! I talked to my hubby in my mind.
I walked up to them again with my hips swaying more on every steps. I let my breasts bouncing freely under the rain. I stopped in front of a Malay young man.
"Tolong ambil gambar. Abang nak tengok ni." I handed him my handphone. I asked him to take photo of me for my hubby to see.
"Ambil gambar? Boleh ke." He hesitated but took the phone from me.
I walked back to the rain and posed beside my car. He started shooting. I squeezed my breasts with my arms, I played with my breasts, I turned back to show my bare bottom, I touched my crotch for the camera, for them.
The waiter stood beside the Malay man. "Baju buang... baju buang." He asked me to remove my babydoll!
The babydoll was completely see through any way. I told myself.
I stripped off my almost non-existence babydoll and present my total nude body for the photoshoot. I struck a few more pose including bending down showing my naked pussy and my asshole.
Feeling completely satisfied with the photo shooting. It was time for final good bye. With my erect nipples proudly on display on my bouncing breasts, I walked back to my audience.
The Malay man continued pointing my phone at me.
Terima kasih... thank you... thank you very much... terima kasih...
I hugged them one by one to express my appreciation.
The first man was shocked not knowing what to do with a naked Chinese woman hugging him. The second man hugged me back. The third man placed their hands on my buttock and squeezed my bum.
The next one followed the previous man squeezing my bum and then he briefly fingered my wet pussy crack.
"Ohhh... Jahatnya bang ni... Thank you." I smiled, thanked him and kissed his face. Everyone was encouraged by my easy attitude and became bolder with me. They crowded around me and started touching my body while I continued to hug and thank the rest of the men. At the end, I lost track of who to hug and thank. I just hugged who ever that came to me. I let them touched my naked body and my highly aroused sex while I pressed my crotch against their erections.
Finally I hugged the Malay man and he was very shy and did not hug back, probably to avoid my body pressing on his erection.
"Ini hadiah untuk bang."
I gave him my damp babydoll as token of appreciation.
"Untuk aku?"
"Yes... for you."
He received my babydoll and I took back my phone.
Everyone cheered.
"Bye bye."
I waved my final good bye and drove away. On the way back home I kept checking out my photos and video while driving. My heart was pounding fast, my chest breathing heavily and my pussy was leaking.
Once I reached home, I rushed into the house and immediately sending all the photos and videos to my hubby. Laying down on my sofa, I was operating my phone with one hand, and fingering my soaking wet pussy with another hand.
Ummm... huhhhhh... yesss...
I felt that I am going to explode! I could not wait. I threw the phone away and freed my hand to touch my breasts instead.
The fresh memory from the restaurant came back to me and evolved into a new fantasy. I was standing on the road wearing the babydoll and a silver collar with leash. My Master led me to a group of people waiting at the walk way of the same restaurant. I kissed my Master first, then I kissed the rest of them and say thank you to each and every one. While I moved from one to another man, they starting to touch my naked body...
Yesss... fuck... yesss... yessss... huhhhhhh...
The orgasm eventually rolled in and I cummed hard on my on fingers.