"Wake up sleepy... head." If a canine could talk.
Piper Cherry's 200-pound puppy Rotten who had slept next to her all night long to keep her warm was becoming impatient. Not only did he need to potty, but he was hungry. When his master ignored him, he grew evil and clenched her blanket and sheet in his jaws and drug her bedding right off of not just her but her mattress. Sleeping so soundly the blonde lay on her belly with her face buried into her comfy pillow. Not even the chill of her bedding gone MIA fazed her. Whimpering at things not going his way her pup jumped back on to her bed and nudged her with his wet nose. Nothing! Licking her face, she simply switched profiles. Two can play that game. He simply moved around her gorgeous body and attacked her face from the other side. Swatting at him unwilling to revive she switched profiles again. Oh no she didn't! The Rottweiler yelped once then circled her body. Sniffing as he had toward Josie McKellen yesterday, he found a vacancy between her legs and lay down, chin directly across her bare butt crack. Piper always slept nude it was just who she was.
Sniffs led to licks. In her comatose dream she at first didn't relate to his invasion. Licking between her crack his tongue grazed, then zeroed in on her succulent butt pucker. Feeling entirely too good she dreamt it was Josie McKellen. Giggling in her peaceful slumber she even lifted her ass a bit out of subliminal reaction. It was when Rotten began nuzzling her cunt she mumbled, "Pussycat! You're insatiable." A couple dozen licks Piper rolled over taking her pillow with her to keep the sunlight from her eyes should she desire to open them. In her movement Rotten stood up thinking she was going to get out of bed. Once she settled on her back and kicked her feet, legs wide and upraised that he tilted his head from side to side. What the hell Bitch? Without a whine he simply stretched out again and continued licking her twat. "That tickles." She mumbled and nearly fell asleep again. Up all night talking with Mace and drinking more wine Piper was nearly as plastered as she was when Josie and she got crazy.
Digging in Rotten's tongue found vulva and circled her rim. That excited her into her hands going from holding her pillow to her sides. Clutching at her fitted sheet, nails digging in she moaned and mumbled her favorite verse of "Fuck me!" Josie's tongue was amazing. Knees drawing her legs even higher Piper released her sheet and grabbed her calves drawing her legs toward her. Rotten found her taste to his liking and increased his lapping power to the point Piper squealed and had a minor orgasm. "I LOVE YOUR BESTIE!" A draw back at her upraised tone Rotten whimpered and barked once. Eyes bulging beneath her pillow Piper Cherry let go of her calves and let her legs drop to each side of the canine. As if searching for confirmation her toes touched fur. "You have got to be kidding me." Pillow removed he lifted her head and spotted Rotten licking his snout with a Woof.
Sitting up abruptly made him jump to his feet excitedly and charge her. Knocking her backwards his weight lay on top of her as he licked her face. "HEY! GET YOUR SORRY ASS OFF OF MOMMY. Not right Puppy Chow!" She wrestled with him and guided him off of her body, rolling to her side. "You cannot do that to mommy. Bad boy! Bad! Not so bad but BAD!" It did feel pretty awesome. "What am I thinking? Ugh! YOU SIR ARE... " She rubbed his belly as he shifted about on the sheet. Spotting his peepee growing she bulged her eyes at it then crawled from bed in a blur of speed. "I did not just see that." Standing she pointed at Rotten now laying to face her panting. "You... have never ever done that to me. What the fuck Rotten? Our secret! Mommy forgives you but no more of that... got me?" A yelp she eased back into bed and cuddled with him. "We need to find you a girlfriend." With a kiss to his snout, she left her bed and went to her closet for something to wear.
"This sucks. With Mace here I can't stay naked like I want. If he weren't my nephew, I might not give a shit, but what kind of aunt does that? Ugggh! I don't want to get dressed. Why? Why? Why?" She selected a white t-shirt with a caption on it saying "Skis the limit! Come to Aspen." Colorado that is. Pulled over her head the hem barely covered her pussy, cheeks showing in behind. "Nope! No pants. I'm in my own home darn it." She looks at Rotten staring at her. "Hey! No pants out of you either. Let's go wake Mace he can take you out while I make you a nice bowl of Gravy Train." Primping her wild blonde curls a bit in the mirror she opened her bedroom door.
Shuffling from her bedroom in only that white T-shirt she found her nephew Mace asleep on her sofa instead of going upstairs to one of her two guest bedrooms. Stopping dead in her tracks with her dog Rotten nipping her heels expecting fed she glared at him. He was laying on his back still wearing nothing but cut off sweatpants, very tented sweats at that. Morning wood was more like morning Sequoia.
"Jesus, Mace. The kid's hung like one of his dad's horses." Blinking at the size she had to break her trace and cover her eyes as if wearing a horse blinder. Ironic it was.
With Rotten whimpering she had a hunch he needed to go pee. Not adequately dressed to walk him she chose that original option. Stepping closer to Mace she reached down and wiggled his toes. "Yo! Rip Van Tinkle, get your butt up and walk my dog. Walk your own while you're at it."
Reviving with a squint against bright daylight through the French doors Mace Belmont sat up to look at his aunt. First thing he noticed was her nipple hard on stabbing through her white T-shirt. "You look perky this morning."
"Wrong set of eyes." She snapped her fingers, "Up here charm school. You walk the dog I'll make breakfast and call the McKellen's. Hopefully I can sway them into a Sunday drive through Nashville and show us both around."
"Scrambled eggs?"
"I can do that. Toast? Sorry no bacon or juice."
"Eggs is cool. Morning boy." He greets Rotten as the dog moves in to kiss him and plant a paw on his knee. "Number one." He looks over at Piper.
"Don't tell me you trained him to let you know which part of potty he has to do."
"Yep. Left paw to pee, right paw to dump."
"Neat trick. Maybe that's why he left nail marks on my hip." No way was she going to confess to that tongue lashing. She was not into bestiality but even she had to admit that tongue was better than most men that had eaten her out.
"Maybe he wanted you to roll over. Dogs can teach people tricks too."
"Oh, I rolled over." She rolled her eyes in though, "Dammit! Don't go there. Eggs for you." She points at Mace, then switches her stab toward Rotten, "As promised, Gravy Train for you."
While Piper heads to the kitchen Mace stands tall and stretches, realizing his morning wood was fierce. Laughing at it he trudged past Piper to retrieve the leash hanging on a hook by the front door. In passing her she slyly caught a side view of his nine-inch salami holding up firm beneath tortured sweats. Eyes flaring, she had to turn away and make coffee. "That thing is monstrous. After Josie and I talking footlongs and now... " She could only chase away her thoughts by fanning her fingers like a peaCOCK! "Dammit!" Mace had a hunch he had frazzled his aunt and patted his crotch saying, "Good boy!" She heard him praise himself but thought he was referring to Rotten. Yes, he was, to the floor...CORE!
Grabbing Rotten's leash he hooked him up. Skipping any shirt, he marched the dog to the front door, and they took a stroll out into her front lawn. Stepping about slowly in his bare feet he encouraged Rotten to go already. Of course, he took his time smelling the new neighborhood.
Hearing a door open up and voices saying, "Race you to the corner." He spotted the McKellen twins wearing jogging tights and sports bras. Not noticing Mace right away it took Rotten to bark at them on their way down the front steps of their home to get their attention. Jumping at Rotten's bark the girls looked over and saw Mace. His tented sweats were zeroed in on more than the young man himself. Refusing to turn away out of pure ego he stood his ground. Whispering between one another before acknowledging him he got the gist of their reaction.
"Howdy." He saluted while Rotten tugged on his leash wanting to go meet them in person.
"Hi." Both girls spoke with synchronized tones. "You must be Mace."
"You must be the pajama girls."
"You shouldn't have seen us like that. So embarrassing." Sable spoke up.
"No worries. I guess technically I'm wearing my own pajamas." He points at his short scissor cut sweats, specifically to get them to check him out again. "Your parents up?"
Flustered the twins blush and say, "Making breakfast. Does he bite?" Dakota asks not actually looking at Rotten, but more toward Mace's erection. It was just too eye catching to ignore easily. Even Sable darted glances between both big dogs.
Rubbing the lowest portion of his abdomen, fingertips gently easing under his sweats where his protruding erection pulled his waistband out by a half inch he chuckled, "Downright vicious when he's worked up." They presumed he meant Rotten as the dog pulled more toward the girls excitably. Hugging one another fearfully Mace let it seem as if Rotten was pulling on his lead harder than he was. Dragging him across the yard until they were whimpering as if ready to run away screaming. "Don't panic it will make things worse."
Reaching the girls Rotten just sat down and lifted his paw as if wanting to say hello. Dakota chuckled nervously, "You were making that up."
"Was I?" Mace pats his groin then lets it spring back into place pointing up and outward toward the girls. "My aunt is going to call your parents and see if she can't get them to go for a ride with us. She and I want to explore Nashville."
"I want to go." Sable knelt in front of Rotten and shook his paw, "Hi there!" Beyond her sister's field of view Dakota acted as if she should shake hands too while winking at Mace. Mouthing the same verse of, "Hi there.", but penis level. Mace merely offered a smug look and shook his hips just enough to make his tent dance a jig. Her eyes bulged and refused to blink.
"Not sure if I have enough seating room in my truck for six people. Might need to take Aunt Piper's Ford Edge."
"Shotgun!" Sable belted out petting Rotten's scalp.
"If we have to sit on someone's lap I'll volunteer." Dakota shyly grins then looks at his erection. It was just too big not to peruse over. He chuckled at her eager response with, "You're on." She flared her eyes then turned beet red. Being on a boy... was going to happen soon, she just knew it.
"I wonder if I can invite Travis." Sable looked back at Dakota seeing her color change then follows her eyes back to Mace. He had stepped closer to them right next to Rotten. In her kneeling stance Sable was eye level to his crotch. Jaw dropping, she suddenly pictured her father being so near Dakota's mouth while they hid in his closet unaware of their spying. Even more when Daddy jerked off in his closet and drenching the girls in white creamy nut. Facials for the first time ever. While Dakota loved it, Sable was a tad more uneasy. Not appalled, but less enthused due to wearing her father. She whined and stood up quickly, her face joining her sister in a brighter shade of red.
"Travis? That's not the asshole behind Piper's pool, is it?"
"He's not an asshole." Sable grew defensive.
"Plays killer music but he and his buddy sound like douchebags."
"Ohhhhh! You mean Knox. He's evil don't go near him." Dakota emphasized. "He stripped my sister and Travis the other day just to be mean."
"DAKOTA!!" Sable was humiliated hiding her face from him.
"No shit! Wish I'd been there to see that."
"You do?" Sable found the courage to smile, he wanted to see her naked. She hoped so.
"Sure! I'd have kicked his ass for you."
"Oh!" Her heart sank slightly until she realized he was being protective. Still, she hoped he might have meant wanting to see her nude. Hormones were flying around all of them at that moment. That is until they heard the McKellen front door open and their father Henry step outside in his own sweatpants, he at least wearing a t-shirt.
"I thought you two were going for a run."
"Run in with me I'm afraid. I'm Piper's nephew Mace." He waved up at Henry after kneeling down to hug Rotten in order to hide his erection. No reason to give him a bad impression so soon. "This is Rotten."
"Kota? Grab my morning paper." He pointed after a salute toward Mace. Dakota turned on her heel and wiggled her way to the mailbox for the pre-dawn news delivered every Sunday morning. In her thoughts she really hoped... both men were looking at her butt. She was becoming very much like her mother in her desires of late. Plucking out the rolled paper she started to walk toward her father when Rotten escaped Mace's grip on the leash and bolted at her. He then took away the paper as she panicked and dropped it. Clenched in his teeth the dog looked first at Mace who pointed toward Henry. "Give it to the nice man."
Dakota instantly mumbled, "I might give it to you." Still a virgin she was only teasing herself.
Rotten instantly trotted up to Henry and let him claim the soggy newspaper from his mouth. "Special delivery, huh? Uhhh! Is this where I say good dog?" Rolling his eyes Henry also bent down to pat the pooch on top of his head. "Let's not make this a habit." The dog lowered his eyes as if punished until Henry scratched him behind the ear.
Behind Henry everyone heard Josie step outside in her own t-shirt, it barely hiding her pussy. It was in fashion these days. Cellphone to her ear Josie saw Rotten and joined Henry in greeting the pup, bending at the knee to share in a few morning licks to her free hand. Even she had to shiver at the innocent licks, after enduring the dog's tongue yesterday thinking it was her old student Anthony Smooth. Neither she nor Piper would ever admit to Puppy Pussy. Nope! Nada!
Mace quickly zeroed in on Josie's slightly parted thighs to realize she wasn't wearing panties. As if his erection couldn't get any harder but it did. It was becoming more than obvious. Tilting straight up the tip of his dick was dangerously close to revelation, nudging his rather worn-out waistband to the point of peekaboo. Regardless he stood smug knowing both sisters were drooling over it.
"Yes! Mace brought Rotten over to meet the family." Josie giggled shoulder to shoulder with her husband. "I think Henry is becoming fond of your pup."
"Pup tent." Dakota whimpered; her eyes glued to Mace. He stretched vibrantly just hoping he might expose just enough to make the girls crazy. Strangely, Josie had interest in his exercise as much as her daughters, which is why she parted her thighs a bit more playing it off as not even aware she was doing so. Henry merely scowled and grumbled to his girls, "GO RUN. Take the mutt with you."
"Me or Rotten?" Mace laughed settling his stretch back to normalcy and tugging his sweats up some due to Henry. Knowing it was the dog he let Dakota move in to claim the dangling leash. She in doing so noticed two things. Daddy had his own hard on and her mother wasn't wearing panties. Her thoughts on the subjects were simple, "If mom can, I can. Nice Daddy, nice." Coaxing Rotten into following her she and Sable took off jogging, puppy in tow. Mace watched their asses all the way down the block.
"Piper says your eggs are done." Josie shouted. "Speaking of which, your flapjacks are ready Mister McKellen." She winced at the word jacks after her drunken ordeal Friday night drinking Jack Daniel's at Piper's. Changing the subject she glares at Mace, "Sure! We can be tour guides today. Sounds fun actually." Josie pauses Henry in rising, "Piper wants us all to show her and Mace Nashville. She's paying for everything, gas, lunch, wherever we stop in."
"Tessa's coming over at 11:00 to work on... the tank game."
"Oh! Okay, then we girls can just show her around." Josie fidgeted a bit at hearing of Tessa's company. She knew she had nothing to say about the girl's intrusion and she did give her permission to play with Henry, yet it tensed her just a bit. This open relationship avenue was going to take a bit of getting used to. Josie was forcing herself to compromise knowing Henry was fine now in her seeing Roman Crandell, possibly other men. If she had freedom, so did Henry. Of course, she had neglected to mention Anthony yesterday. "Let me get showered and dressed I'll be over after."
Hanging up Josie snatched Henry's shirt and drew him in for a very steamy kiss. Mace watching them looked around for onlookers for privacy and dipped his hand beneath his sweats and stroked his cock. In the McKellen make out session Josie used her attentions to pry her thighs even wider letting Mace get a very hard look at her wet snatch. Henry wasn't stupid he reached over and gripped his wife's knee and closed her legs. Mace frowned and quickly pulled his hand free and gave them privacy. Belly growling, he headed in for breakfast.
"You're teasing the kid now?" Henry bit her lip making Josie whine.
"I was not." She looked shocked then sighed over being busted, "I can't help myself. It's just teasing nothing more. I swore to Piper I wouldn't seduce her nephew. That doesn't mean I can't torture him, does it?"
Standing up he pulled her to her feet and kissed her again, this time palming her face. She melted into his embrace until he broke away and abandoned her on the porch. Fanning herself she looked around for her own curiosity then whipped her t-shirt off over her head. Dancing in step with her back to the world Josie laughed then went inside. Henry's pancakes were going to get cold. She was just too hot at the moment. Tessa who?
*********
Circling the block with Rotten in toe, Dakota and Sable were laughing at the pup's enjoyable presence. It was obvious he did not get enough outdoor activity. Approaching Knox Hardecker's home they noticed his father stepping out of his home with Knox and pointing out yardwork needing to be done. Knox seeing the girls with their new bodyguard stepped behind his father Winslow aka Winn, named shortened mostly because of his track record as an Attorney. He won a lot more cases than he lost.
The girls looked over at Knox and Sable jested toward her sister, "I wish we could let Rotten chase Knox down the block, that'd be hilarious."
"I know." Dakota snorted, "We can't though, our luck his dad would sue Piper." She held the leash extra tight in passing. Knox watching the girls' cute little asses darting from side to side put his fingers to his lips and whistled extra loud. Even Winslow kneeling to pluck a few weeds had to clear his ear canal at the piercing noise. Hearing the shrill wolf call Rotten froze in step and nearly choked himself as Dakota kept running. Shrieking that she might have hurt Rotten she stopped and stepped back.
"Who's your new boyfriend Dakota?" Knox chuckled, his father frowning at him. He knew very well who the dog belonged to having seen it running around Piper's swimming pool.
"You're hilarious Knox. Dare you to come... pet him."
Knox feeling a bit like showing off for his father smugly strutted out toward the sidewalk, Rotten tensing up as if knowing Knox might be a threat. Regardless, Sable returned from shooting past her sister's stride and hissed, "What are you doing? I don't want that creep anywhere near me."
"Relax you're wearing clothes this time. He's not going to get all handsy with his dad looking." Dakota calmed her whine, "My hope is we embarrass him."
"Or us."
"Shush!" Knox had reached them and cautiously studied the dog before talking to it.
"Hey Pooch. You should be running with the big dogs, and chasing pussies, not the other way around." He began to kneel with the intent to pet Rotten, but as soon as he did Rotten rushed him toppling him backwards into the grass. Dakota squealed at the sudden lunge but observed the dog licking Knox in the face. "HAHAHA! He likes me."
"Noooo! You're supposed to bite him and drag him down the street by his pants leg." Sable stomped her foot pouting.
"Thaz a good Poochie." Knox boxed Rotten's ears about playfully. "You and I are going to be best buddies, yes we are." In just that insincere announcement Rotten lifted his leg and urinated on his cargo pants, piss running down his leg. "WHAT THE FUCK??? Not again." He tried to push the dog away but Rotten growled, faintly until he was done, then like all dogs he kicked his hind paws, one paw nailing Knox in the groin. "Owwwwwww! Get him off me." Knox Hardecker's scent was all around the pool from the night he pissed into the pool and jerked off watching Piper and Josie. A dog just knew who the enemy was.
The girls busted up laughing. Sable pointing at him spouted, "You deserve that for what you did to me and Travis." The girls had no idea their parents, Piper, and Kelly Herbert had urinated on Knox either as revenge. Some things just needed to be kept quiet.
"What exactly did my son do to you Miss McKellen?" Winslow approached them concerned for his son's safety. Rotten immediately sat down between the girls and lifted a front paw as if waving at the man. It was too cute under the circumstances. Sable started to tell Winslow when Dakota reached over and grabbed her arm squeezing it. Shrinking a bit Sable retracted her thoughts.
"Knox is... just mean is all. Pulls my hair and teases me."
"Ah! The mean kid of Hooters Crossing." Winslow winced at his son's wet cargo pants, "Get up and go clean yourself. The dog was obviously just excited to see someone new." He tapped a toe along his boy's hip. Knox crawled to his feet holding his bruised balls and stared at Sable, they could tell he was grateful for not revealing to his dad that he had stripped Sable and Travis to be evil and force them to go streaking in broad daylight. While Winslow eyed his son, Sable and Dakota, both flipped him off.
"We have to go. Bye Knoxious." Dakota giggled, "Bye Mister Hardecker."
"Have a good run girls."
Winslow found himself unable to not watch them in their resumed run. He might be old, but he too had roving eyes. Turning with a hiss to control his visual stimulation he went back to weed pulling. Being a Lawyer, he suspected there was more to the story but just didn't care.
********
"Eat up, Growing Boy." Piper Cherry slid a plate across her massive island bar with two barstools to offer as seats. Watching her nephew Mace strolling in and his sweats still far from being normal she growled under her breath, "Growing boy indeed. Damn Kid." Even without hearing her verbally Mace noted her casual glances at his tent. He loved it. Two could play that game.
"At the Y?"
"Say what?" She peaked a brow.
"Nothing." He laughed, "Eggs look good." His eyes were on her breasts. "Ostrich eggs?"
"Excuse me?"
"Just teasing."
"I don't recall you being so evil. Did I miss something?"
"Now that you mention it." He casually points at her face as if something was there. She winced at him as he continued to point.
"Did I get something on my face?" His thoughts were, "Only Josie." but he didn't let her know his mischievous mental remarks. Groaning at his constant eying of her cheek she reacted by lifting her t-shirt's hem up to wipe her face, her entire lower body uncovered in the process until all he could technically see was her belly button and jewelry dangling from it. Shirt tightening over her breasts emphasized how yummy her... ostrich eggs really were, nipples like straws stabbed into said eggs like some coconut beverage. In the black surface of her oven door, he saw the reflection of Piper's bare ass. "Yummy!"
"You haven't even taken a bite yet." She gave up dabbing her face, "Did I get whatever you were pointing out?"
"Missed a tiny bit right here." He stretched over the island to try and touch her chin, peering down between she and the island for a fast peek at her bikini area, no panties offered just a hint of landscape. She dabbed her chin again then noticed his eyes looking down.
"Fuck you Mace." She dropped her shirt laughing, "You did that shit on purpose."
"Yeah, guess I did."
"Get your head out of the gutter. I'm not some cheap girl from school." In her mind she thought about her comment, "Well, maybe at Horton-Dexter... remains to be seen." All of her would be seen. Soon enough! Her thoughts only. Reaching over the island she playfully slaps his face, "EAT! I'm going to go figure out what I'm wearing today." Grabbing her phone from the bar she proceeded around the counter toward her bedroom.
"It's supposed to be like 110 in the shade." He called back watching her ass jiggle away. "Might want to dress for comfort."
"Is it really?" She stops and checks the weather on her cell, "Damn! It's like we're still in Georgia. I can feel the humidity already." She was wet. His dick was damp from precum. Story of their lives. Once Piper vanished, he wolfed his eggs and toast down then rubbed one off right there at the island. He jested about it being his palm tree, and coconut milk. His aunt was just too cool.
Just as he finished the front door opened and Rotten breezed by the kitchen doorway searching for Piper. Both Sable and Dakota walked right in and caught a glimpse of Mace putting his trunk away. He took his time just to tease a bit, nothing visible to them just his adjusting his dick, a damp stain in the crotch the only other noticeable evidence. The girls giggled until they heard Piper scream and belt out her usual stress reliever of, "FUCK ME!".
"Wet nose." Mace chuckled, "Rotten's... rotten."
"Too funny. Oh my God! You should have seen Rotten. He peed on Knox Hardecker." Sable snorted. Dakota was more interested in his tent swell. Playing off that he hadn't noticed he walked around the island to rinse off his breakfast plate. Pondering the placement of his stance he saw both girls take a seat at the island where he had been. Knowing even his reflection was in the oven door he grew even more evil. Without physically being seen he reached down into his sweats and whipped his behemoth cock out and stroked it just out of sight. He used Sable's words to strike up conversation as he did it. Dakota instantly spotted his reflection and bit her lower lip trying to act normal.
"The dude that plays the metal music on sonic boom setting?"
"YES! He's terrible. I love Piper's dog."
"I love Mace's dog." Dakota mumbled in a barely audible tone, "Oh my God! That thing is gigantic." All to herself until Sable also noticed the reflection. Stunned by it she swallowed and shared a glance with her sister to see if she had noticed. Of course, she had.
"Did Rotten drag you along? He tends to get ahead of me when I walk him."
"He had my arms stretched this far." Dakota slides her arms across the island top as if reaching for Mace, her eyes flaring without blinking once, he merely grinned and kept jerking. He had a hunch it was her way of letting him know she noticed his reflection. If not, she was really naïve. Sable dropped her jaw at her sister's actions.
"I think it was further than that." Sable not to be outdone did her own stretch, her chest up on the counter until her fingers touched the edge of his side of the island. He enjoyed her cleavage pressed on the marble top. His expression found his sensations evident, the twins noting his huff and eyes trembling at his stroking.
"Do you have a bad itch?" Dakota played dumb, smirking at his arm's constant movement.
"Yeah! Rotten has fleas I think." They heard a slur in his speech, he was getting close to nutting. Having witnessed their father jerking off and his reaction it was totally obvious to both girls he was ready to fire shots. That led them to up their game.
"Did you see how BIG his eyes got when Rotten peed on him?" Dakota stressed the word Big.
"I know." Sable snickered, "Rotten shot all over him. It was fun to watch him squirm." Her index pointed past Mace at the oven reflection. Hard as he tried Mace himself began panting the closer, he got to climax.
"Exactly! Rotten panted just like that." Dakota winked at him.
"F-fu-fu-fuck!" He hissed in his final throes and grit his teeth.
"Those fleas must be biting him really hard." Sable giggled then blushed.
"They are." He strained to keep a straight face.
"Does Piper have any bottled water?" Dakota took a bold step and stood away from her barstool and moved to the side of the island but paused as if awaiting an answer. All she could see at that angle was the wrist of his stroking hand. Lingering there she saw how nervous Mace was acting and didn't want to discourage him into stopping so she returned to her seat. It was easy to tell he was relieved that he didn't have to stop when he was so close.
"Ooooo! Box of Milkbone's on the counter." Sable's turn to hop off her stool but this time moving all the way around the counter keeping her back to Mace as she opened the box. "Let's give Rotten a treat he deserves one after humiliating Knox for us."
As Mace leered over his shoulder at Sable for safety, he winced almost panic stricken. While checking out her angle, Dakota made the move to the fridge. Both girls wanted a peek at Mace but kept things vague. He knew it was now or never. Snarling he squirts cum all over the side of the island in three short bursts then hides his cock beneath his sweats. Hearing him finish the girls turned to face him, he was leaning his back on the island to mask his milky splatter. Both girls lowered their gaze to his tent and smirked.
"Milkboner." Sable posed her dog treat in front of him and giggled.
"I want a treat." Dakota laughed unscrewing the cap off of a bottled water.
Before Mace could reply both Piper and Rotten stepped into the kitchen to see the group snickering. "Why aren't you dressed yet? MOVE IT! MOVE IT! MOVE IT!"
"He already did." Sable chuckled then got Rotten's attention with the Milkbone.
Dakota joined her mischief with, "I stole some H2Ohhhhhhhhhhh!"
Suspicious of their reactions Piper rolled her eyes, "Mace! Clean up after yourself."
"I rinsed my plate."
"You know what I mean. Girls? Please go tell your parents we'll be over once my nephew... puts some real pants on."
"He wore lots of pants." Sable mumbles laughing as she pets Rotten kneeling a mere foot from Mace, his erection fading slowly under pressure. Regardless Sable had the best seat in the house. Dakota jealous drops down next to her to fawn over Rotten. Piper shook her head. Mace shook his. Too funny.
"MACE!"
"Gotta go! See you in a few." He made sure to walk backwards so that Piper couldn't see his wet tent. Once out of sight he pumped his fist in triumph. "They knew!! Yes!"
The McKellen twins hopped up and hugged Piper unexpectedly in passing. She felt honored that they adored her so. Stunned she stood there in her short white silky dress with camisole features until the front door closed. With a sigh she knew her nephew was going to be trouble. Hearing Rotten licking something she checked on her pup.
"Oh, for God's sake! One Milkbone wasn't enough for you?"
Let's leave it at that.