Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
***
I have an aunt who is a stone fox. She's 5'7", dark brown hair, works out daily, and could literally be a photographer's model. She also has a magnificent pair of ta-tas with gorgeous, well-defined, dark pink nipples.
Now you're probably wondering how I know about my aunt's nipples. Well here's the story about how I found out about them.
Freshman year in college I took a class in golf. When my aunt, Nicole, and her husband, Brian, who are serious golfers heard about it they offered to take me golfing with them. An offer I quickly accepted
One thing you have to know about my aunt is that she is extremely competitive. The idea of her not giving her all or letting someone else win just to be nice doesn't fit her personality.
Tuesdays I normally have one class, but that day our teacher couldn't be there so I was free. That is how the three of us ended up playing golf one Tuesday morning.
Everything is going along pretty much as expected. In other words Nicole is kicking our asses. We get to the thirteenth hole and Nicole's second shot lands just inches short of the green. As luck would have it I managed to drop my second stroke a little farther and it actually landed on the green.
Brian knows Nicole is going to be annoyed that I'm ahead of her so he says, "I think Jason is going to beat you on this hole, sweetie."
Nicole retorted "We'll see about that shit."
Just to provoke her further Brian says, "As a matter of fact, honey, I'm so sure Jason will win that I'll bet you that new putter you want that he wins the hole."
"You've got a bet, buster," Nicole retorted without thinking.
"But if you lose you have to play the next two holes topless," Brian added with a grin.
So I'm standing there stunned at this turn of events. Like I said my aunt Nicole is a totally hottie and I would love to see her tits, but I know there is no way she is going to strip off her blouse and bra on a public golf course much less in front of her sister's kid.
As I expected Nicole starts trying to back pedal, but Brian reminds her that she already agreed to the bet. He tells her that she should have found out the consequences of losing before agreeing to the wager.
They argued about it for several minutes with Nicole pointing out that I was her sister's kid, but in the end she Nicole agreed.
You could have knocked me over with a feather. Here was my chance to see something I had fantasied about ever since I discovered there was a difference between boys and girls. Now it was up to me to make that dream come true.
Nicole went first. Her first shot landed way short. Brian decided not to play this hole. My first shot landed about halfway between her ball and the green.
Her next shot ended about twenty feet short of the green. I was nervous as hell and my hands were shaking, but I was determine not to blow this fantastic opportunity. My ball stopped just two feet from the hole.
For her next shot I guess she was nervous too because she overshot the green entirely and her ball ended up in the grass on the far side.
Now it was her three shots versus my two.
This was it. If I sank my putt I would win and be entitled to the show of a life time. If I missed this shot and she sank her putt the best I could do is tie her.
So I put forth my utmost supreme effort. And muffed it.
My ball just missed the edge of the hole and rolled another three feet. There must have been a blade of grass that pushed my ball away at the last second because that can be the only explanation for it not toppling in.
I heard Nicole give a sigh of relief. My future was suddenly bleak.
This time Nicole hit a nice shot. It landed on the green and was rolling right for the hole with plenty of speed to get there. Dammit at the very least we would tie and since the bet was that I would win I would still miss out on the greatest opportunity of my whole life.
I heard her start laughing. And then her ball stopped about two inches from the cup.
Surely there was someone on high watching over me that day. I had one more chance. I had been so nervous up to this point, but then poof and I was steady as a rock.
I tapped my ball and it rolled right pass the hole. Shit, shit, shit.
Zbut then the ball stopped. And then it rolled backwards and dropped into the cup.
I was trying to play it cool on the outside, but inside my mind was cavorting like, well like a golf ball in a tornado.
I was actually going to get to see Aunt Nicole's awesome, gorgeous, smoking hot, bare-naked boobs. Holy shit!
And then, and then, nothing. Nicole sunk her putt and her and Brian walked over to where our golf bags were sitting and she dropped her club in and just stood there.
Meanwhile I'm still standing on the green looking dumbfounded.
They looked at me and asked if I were coming. Well that was a pretty embarrassing question I thought. It took me a second to realize they meant 'coming' and not 'cumming'.
I've got to tell you I was pretty bummed out. I thought they had been serious when they made the bet. Apparently they were just kidding me all along.
We get to the next hole and honestly I was starting to get a little pissed. I didn't see anything funny about the trick they had pulled on me. They got my hopes up and them just stomped on them.
It was Brian's turn to start off and he hit a really nice long shot straight down the fairway. Then it was my turn. I guess I took my anger out of the ball and I drove it a good fifty feet pass Brian's. Honestly it was my best drive of the day.
Then Nicole walked over and teed up her ball. She took a couple of practice swings then stepped up to the ball.
I just shook my head. I knew it. They had been just been jerking me my chain.
Then, HOLY SHIT, Nicole leaned her club against her hips and pulled her shirt off over her head. I mean right there, on the tee, in front of God and everyone. Well actually in front of Brian and me. Being as how it was a Tuesday morning we pretty much had the whole course to ourselves.
I got to tell you that was erotic as hell. She ended up standing there with nothing but a little lacy brasserie between my eyes and her sweater puppies. Even better her bra was so sheer that I could see the shadowy form of her nipples through it.
This was unbelievably awesome. However in the back of my mind I knew that they were still just teasing me. There was no way Nicole was going to take it any further, much less actually go bare-chested in public.
Nevertheless I wasn't going to waste this chance to study something I had fantasied about for years.
I figured any second now she would put her blouse back on and they would laugh at my reaction. Actually thinking back on it I'll bet the look of my face must have been hilarious.
Nicole looked at Brian, then she looked at me. Then just as I was thinking she was ready to call it all off, she tossed her blouse to Brian.
I didn't really think she would actually go topless in front of me, especially with her husband standing there, but just maybe since we were alone she would play the hole in just her bra. That wasn't as good as her being bare chested, but it was still pretty awesome. Still there was a tiny chance that she would take off her bra.
You can imagine my disappointment when instead of unhooking her brasserie she took hold of her club again.
Damn!
She stepped forward and lined her club up with the golf ball.
Oh well at least I was getting to see her part of her boobs and I got to watch them bounce around as she took a couple of practice swings. This was still better than I had ever hoped for.
She stepped forward and lined her club up with the golf ball. She drew her club back and . . . . dropped it.
Then before my disbelieving eyes she reached around her back and popped the clasp on her bra and flipped it off her shoulders.
HOLY SHITTTTT!!
My smoking hot aunt Nicole was abruptly standing there on the fourteenth tee with her magnificent breasts completely exposed to me.
I was in total shock. I never really expected Nicole to go through with the bet. Yet here she was utterly exposed from the waist up.
Time is a funny thing. Sometimes hours past in seemingly seconds. Other times seconds last for days. To my eternal gratitude this was one of the second type occasions.
It seemed like I stood there mesmerized by the incredible sight before me for ten or fifteen minutes although in retrospect it was probably only a few seconds.
Then Nicole tossed her bra to me. Actually she tossed towards me because I was still captivated and even with it hitting me in the chest I dropped it.
Both her and Brian laughed at my reaction, but I didn't care. The breasts that I had pictured in my mind a million times were now right there in front of me. The small still functioning part of my mind realized that the boobs in my fantasies were inferior to the real things standing before me.
Finally Nicole brought me back to reality. She said that if she had to walk over and pick up her bra she was going to put it back on. That threat was more than enough to get me to hurriedly pick it up.
However once I was holding it I wondered what the heck I was supposed to do with it.
Brian came to my rescue and told me to put it in the front pouch on my golf bag, but to wait until after Nicole teed off.
Watching my sexy topless aunt tee off was amazing. However it was fortunate that she saw where her ball went because neither Brian or me ever looked at it.
After taking her swing Nicole nonchalantly walked over and dropped her club back into her golf bag. Brian was fairly casual about it all. On the other hand I was staggering around like a five day drunk.
As you can imagine I totally muffed that hole and the one after it. As I recall I had a score of something like forty-three on the first thirteen holes. I think I had the same number of strokes on the next two.
Brian did better than me, but Nicole kicked his ass too.
We got to the sixteenth hole and Nicole pointed out she had paid off the bet and it was time for us to return her clothes.
I have to say that I was disappointed that this adventure was coming to an end. Brian must have felt the same way because he told her that if she finished the course naked he would buy her the putter anyway.
I really expected her to tell him to go to hell while my brain was silently screaming for her to go along with his offer.
She thought about it for a moment then made him a counter offer. She would play the next hole topless and if either of us beat her score she would play the last two hole naked, but it she won she would be able to get dressed and he would buy her the putter.
Oh man, what can I say Brian and I played as hard as we've ever played.
Nicole still kicked our asses convincingly.
Damn!!
THE END.