Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
Matthew Sherman pulled into the driveway of his mother's house. It wasn't the house that he grew up in as his mother had downsized after he went off to college on the other side of the country and his father decided that he preferred someone younger. He grabbed a duffle bag out of the trunk and headed for the front door.
The woman who opened the door was stunning. "Mom?"
"Honey, you're home," his mother, Olivia, cried out. She stepped onto the porch and wrapped her arms around his neck.
"I thought you weren't going to be here until tomorrow?"
"I know. I better progress than I thought."
Olivia wrapped her arm around his waist, "Well, come in. Did Anna come with you?"
Anna McCarthy was Matt's girlfriend of several years. Both of them attended the same university. "Yeah, I dropped her off at her house already."
"Well, I have a room all made up for you."
"Uh, you sure, mom? I mean I don't want to put you out."
"Nonsense. Besides, where else are you going to stay until you get settled back in?" she said as she led him into the house and down to a room she for him.
"Put your bag in your room and join me out back. You have to see the deck that I had added this spring."
He watched as his mother headed off towards the kitchen. She had obviously taken up an exercise routine and been to a beauty parlor. If it wasn't for the dimples in her cheeks when she smiled, he would have had doubts that she was the same woman who raised him. She looked 15 years younger than the last time he saw her.
He was sitting on his mother's new deck savoring the peace and quiet. He was grateful that she had moved to a place away from the city, where the neighbors sat on top of each other.
"This is nice," Matt said quietly.
"Yes, it is. It's even nicer now that you're home."
"You know, when you first opened the door, I was tempted to ask who you are and what did you do with my mother?"
Olivia smiled, "Why do I look that much different?"
"Mom, you've obviously been working out, your hair is different, and well, you look amazing."
She ran a hand across her collar bone and smiled a little more, "Well, thank you, dear. I don't know about amazing, but I did decide to start taking better care of myself."
"Well, it shows," he replied and looked at her as she ran a had across her abdomen, causing her shirt to tighten over her breasts. They weren't large. Not that he preferred large ones, but they were just right, in his opinion. He quickly realized that he was beginning to feel some stirrings looking at her and so he looked away, hoping that she didn't catch him staring at her chest.
But she did. She smiled inwardly, seeing that she had such an effect on someone his age.
Matt stood up, "Well, I'm going to call it a night. I'm beat."
"You've had a long few days on the road. I don't blame you," Olivia said as she stood as well.
Matt noticed how firm her legs were as she stood. 'Geez, get your mind somewhere else, you idiot,' he said to himself.
"I have my bridge club tomorrow, if you don't mind my being gone for a while?" Olivia asked.
"Mom, don't change your lifestyle for me, please."
"Okay. You have any plans then?"
"Not really. Thought I'd just hang out and veg."
*
Matt was asleep within minutes of turning out the light and didn't get up until just after 10 the next morning. He was usually up and around by 7.
"Well, I was wondering if I was going to see you before I left," Olivia said as he stepped out onto the deck.
"I guess I was a little tired."
"I would say so."
Matt sat down and couldn't help but look at his mother's legs as they were stretched out in front of her. Again, he noticed the firmness in her muscles, but he also noticed how evenly tanned they were. He looked up and saw her hands on her stomach with her fingers interlaced. He then moved his eyes across her chest and then to her face. He felt like he was turning red as he saw that his mother was looking at him with a slight smile on her face.
Olivia felt her heart race just a little as she watched Matt look at her legs and then up, with a slight pause as he looked at her breasts. Once again, she was happy that she was able to draw such attention from someone his age, despite it being her son.
"What time are you leaving?" Matt asked, hoping to get his mind somewhere else.
Olivia looked at her watch, "Maria will be here around noon to pick me up. You remember Maria, don't you?"
Matt thought for a moment, "Mrs. Castillo? She lived a couple houses down from us when we lived on Elm didn't she?"
"That's the one."
"She part of your bridge club too?"
Olivia nodded her head, "Yes, she is."
"By the way, since when did you start playing bridge? I don't remember you ever playing before."
"Well, it's just something that happened. I ran into Maria one day at the salon and we got to talking and well, I just joined in," she explained.
Matt nodded, "Well good for you. I'm glad to see you getting out."
Olivia leaned forward and put her hand on his cheek, "Thank you, I feel so much better than I did a year ago."
Matt smiled, truly happy that his mother had begun to live again. She was a completely different person. She had returned to her happy, outgoing self that he remembered when he was a kid.
Matt watched as his mother got up when the doorbell rang. He heard the two voices get louder and he turned to see Maria Castillo standing there. He last saw her years ago when they lived on Elm. They way her black hair framed her face and the sparkle in her eyes left Matt speechless for a moment. He had always been captivated by her beauty and had been the subject of more than one fantasy while he was growing up.
"Well, hello there stranger?" she asked, cocking her head just a little, her teeth gleaming between her lips.
"Uh, hi, Mrs. Castillo." He wasn't sure, but he was positive that she wasn't wearing a bra. The shirt she was wearing was loose, but he thought he could see her breasts jiggle just a little and her nipples seem to grow.
"My, you have grown into a very handsome man, Matt," Maria said as she placed her hands on his shoulders and gave a peck on his cheek. He stood still as she stood back and took him in from head to toe, "A very handsome man indeed."
"Shall we go?," Oliva asked, "I'm ready."
Matt looked at his mom one more time. The shirt snug over her bra, making her breasts stand out prominently. Her shorts highlighted the perfect tan on her legs. Between the two women in front of him, he could feel a tightness form in his shorts.
"I'll be home later this afternoon. We'll go out and grab some dinner. I thought we'd go to out tonight. Hopefully Anna can join us"
Matt watched as the two ladies climbed into Maria's car and drove off. He rubbed the outside of his shorts, wanting to ease the strain. But, he knew that Anna was due soon and decided to save it for her.
The pair climbed into Maria's car and Olivia turned in her seat, "Maria, you're not wearing a bra? Shame on you?" Oliva said in a friendly voice.
"Well, it'd be coming off soon anyways."
"I know. But, Matt," Olivia started to say.
"Couldn't keep his eyes off them," Maria said, turning to her friend and smiling.
Olivia smiled and shook her head.
"Did you tell him where we're going?" Maria asked.
Olivia shook her head, "No, I just told him that I'm going to my bridge club."
"Too bad. Maybe he would have like to join us," Maria suggested. "I'm curious just how much of a man he's become."
"Maria!" Olivia cried out in surprise.
They laughed together as they made their way to where the bridge club was meeting today. The others were probably already at The Camp.
*
Troy was putting the finishing touches on the tables for the four women who came and played cards several times a week. He looked up as Maria Castillo stepped out from the clubhouse. He took an extra second to take in her pussy lips which dropped down just a little. She sported a trimmed bush when she first started coming to the Camp but had recently shaved it all off, displaying her prominent labia. He wouldn't mind exploring it a little closer.
Her friend, Olivia, was just behind her. She kept her hair but kept it very nicely trimmed. Though he tended to like to see pubic hair, he definitely enjoyed the look of both women.
"Mrs. Castillo, Mrs. Sherman," he said the two women grabbed towels and sat down. "I have coffee, cold drinks, and snacks all ready for you."
"Troy," Maria started, placing her hands on her hips, moving one foot off to the side just a little, knowing that it gave a better view of her pussy, "when are you going to start calling me Maria and her Olivia," she asked, nodding her head in Oliva's direction.
"Sorry," Troy said with a grin. He nodded at her, "Maria" and turned to look at the other woman, "Olivia".
Maria moved and pulled a chair out, placing a towel on it. She looked at Troy and smiled, "that's better".
"Hello Maria, Olivia," Vanessa said as she came up behind Troy.
"See," Maria chided, "she gets it" and laughed.
"Troy, can I see you for a minute?" Vanessa asked.
"See you later, ladies," Troy said as Vanessa hooked her arm in his and started to lead him away.
Maria watched Olivia for a moment, seeing where her attention was focused, "Uh sweetheart, he's off-limits, you know."
Olivia broken her eyes away, "I know, a girl can look though."
Maria picked up the cards and nodded towards the other two women of the club pull up their chairs. She leaned over so only Olivia could hear, "told you we should have invited Matt."
Olivia turned to her friend and felt her cheeks blush.
*
Matt held Anna's hand as they strolled through the park. She watched a number of children laughing as they played on the playground equipment, their mothers off to the side sitting on a bench chatting. She squeezed Matt's hand hoping that he would propose to her and one day have one or two kids of their own.
"What are you thinking?" Matt asked, detecting that her mind was somewhere else.
"Just how much I love you."
"I love you too."
"Would you want kids?" she asked, still looking at the playground.
Matt looked at the group, "Eventually."
Anna looked at her boyfriend and smiled. They watched and he let go of her hand and wrapped his around her waist.
"I'm getting hungry. Want to go grab a bite to eat?"
Anna turned and looked at him, "I have something you can eat," she said as she raised her eyebrows.
Matt reached down and grabbed her backside, pulling her tight against him, tight enough that he moved the bulge in his jeans across the front of her jeans, "sounds like a perfect dessert to me. But I need some nourishment otherwise I won't have the energy to enjoy it."
Matt watched as Anna finished the last of her fries. "You remember the time we went to that beach down the coast from school?"
Anna looked up, "You mean the one where you stepped on the shell and cut your foot?" she answered and laughed.
Matt looked at the table and shook his head, recalling that the reason he stepped on it was that she started tugging at his swim trunks. Which would have been fine, but they were at a public beach with people all around.
"No, not that one. The other one we went to."
Anna thought for a moment, recalling the nude beach they found. She smiled remembering how nice it felt to have the sun shine on all parts of her body. They were both tentative at first having only been naked in front of each other and not strangers.
But they encountered people of all ages and of all shapes and sizes. No one seemed to care about their state of undress. Sure, she looked at more than one male specimen, some sporting a partial erection. Matt couldn't help but end up with one himself as he spied more than one beautiful female, some of whom even winked at him.
Anna looked at Matt and smiled, "Yeah, I remember."
"You remember Troy?"
"Of course."
"Well it seems that he is now managing a piece of property for the company he works for."
"What kind of property?" Anna asked.
"It's a kind of campground, park combination not too far from town. And the most interesting part is that it's private and for nudists only."
Anna raised her eyebrows. She's lived in the area for some time before leaving for school and she's never heard of this place before. "You're kidding, right?"
Troy smiled and slowly shook his head.
"I thought maybe we'd swing out this afternoon and check it out. Troy gave me an access card," Matt suggested as he waved the card between them.
Anna smiled, "Ooh, I like that. Maybe we can sneak away and you can have your dessert."
*
Vanessa tugged at Troy's penis as they went up the steps to the porch. "Bet you would have liked to stick your tongue between those luscious lips?"
Troy shrugged a little, looked at Vanessa and smiled. He softly said, "Well, they have a certain appeal." He reached down and gently pinched her butt, "you can't tell me that you wouldn't mind either."
"True," she replied, giving another tug on his now erect penis. "Let's get inside, I have something else for you to lick."
Not another word was spoken as they quickly made their way to their bedroom. She pushed him backwards causing him to fall onto the mattress, his cock sticking up in the air. He let out a groan as her mouth enveloped his swollen member. Troy grabbed the sheets into his fists as she worked her magic. She brought him to the brink several times before finally letting him release.
She felt his hips rise, trying to drive his cock deeper into her mouth. She clamped her lips around the head of his penis, her hand working his shaft as she felt his hot semen hit the back of her throat.
Troy lost all sense of his surroundings except for the intense pleasure that was coming from cock. He stopped breathing for a moment as he reached the pinnacle of his orgasm. It was the most intense one he had felt for some time.
He slowly opened his eyes and looked down to see the love of his life slowly kiss her way up and finally to his lips. She laid across his chest as his breathing returned to normal. He placed is hands on her buttocks and gently pulled upwards. Vanessa rose up and walked on her knees until she was straddling his face.
She pushed her hair behind her ears as he pulled her down just a little. She reached down with her hands and separated her labia, exposing the pink flesh hidden beneath. She took a slight gasp as his tongue made contact.
A movement out of the corner of her eye caught her attention. She looked up and saw her mother standing in the doorway. She didn't know how long she was there, but long enough that one hand was rubbing between her legs.
Vanessa smiled and waved her mother over. Nancy shook her head no but didn't leave. Again, Vanessa waved her over and pointed to Troy's erect cock. Nancy looked at his erection and knew where she wanted it. She looked again at her daughter, whose smile was even bigger and the last of her doubts and hesitations fell away as she slowly stepped into the room.
Troy was so focused on what he was doing that he didn't feel the extra presence in the room. He only felt the hands grab the back of his head at the same time that Vanessa started moving her hips back and forth. A sign that Troy knew from experience that Vanessa was just about to orgasm. It was then that he felt his cock become encased in a wet and tight warmth.
Vanessa pulled him tighter against her pussy as she started shaking, his fingers probing her vagina and his tongue dancing around her clit. Troy felt her juices run down his chin as she came. He felt Vanessa fall forward and he dropped his head back as the feeling of another impending orgasm began to build. He felt his balls tighten and he felt himself fill the pussy that engulfed his cock with his cum.
It was only after he had finished cumming that Vanessa rolled off of him and was able to see who was fucking him.
"Nancy!" Troy exclaimed.
Nancy smiled as his now softened penis slipped out of her followed by their combined fluids. "I wanted to talk to you but you were busy. And this poor thing," she said as she grabbed his soaked member, "was needing attention. As did I."
Troy was dumbstruck and just looked at mother and daughter.
Vanessa broke into a smile, "Isn't every man's fantasy to have a mother and daughter threesome?" She turned to look at her mom. "I've been hoping for this myself."
Troy watched as Vanessa leaned over and gave her mother a kiss from one lover to another, lightly caressing one of Nancy's tits at the same time, rubbing a nipple, causing it to become firm. Nancy had a look of surprise on her face when Vanessa broke away from the kiss.
"I think it's your turn," Vanessa softly said as she motioned for her mother to lay on her back. Nancy watched as her daughter placed her hands on the inside of her thighs and moved them apart. She was filled with a mixture of anticipation and apprehension as she felt Vanessa's tongue part her vaginal lips.
Nancy looked over at Troy, whose cock had returned to its full hardness. She wrapped her hand around it and slowly stroked his erection. She looked down and found it quite erotic to see Vanessa's head buried between her thighs. She looked up to see Troy smile. She watched as Troy bent over and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. She laid her head back and savored the wonderful feelings building between her legs and the tingle in her breast.
*
Troy, Vanessa, and Nancy were coming down the steps of the front porch when they stopped to see who was in the car that just pulled in. They waited as the couple undressed and put their things in the back seat.
"Hey, Troy," Matt called out to his friend as he took Anna's hands in his.
"Hey," Troy replied.
Matt thought for just a moment as if they were in their other attire, that being clothed, he and Troy would have probably man-hugged but that felt a little to awkward to him, so he offered his hand instead.
"Troy, you remember Anna," Matt stated more than asked.
"I do. Good to see you again, Anna," Troy said as he offered his hand.
Anna was tempted to give him a hug, but a quick glance to the two ladies with him told her that maybe she should find out if that was safe first. So, she shook his hand instead, "Good to see you too."
Troy motioned to the women with him, "I don't know if you've met these two. This is my girlfriend, Vanessa and her mother, as well as my boss, Nancy."
Anna moved her head just a little as she observed that all three looked like they just stepped out of a shower, "Nice to meet you."
Matt looked at Vanessa who gave him a smile as her eyes moved downward quickly and back up, then Nancy whose eyes never left his. "Nice to meet both of you," he said as he turned back to Vanessa, "you're all he talks about every time we get together."
Vanessa took her mother's arm in hers, "Troy, why don't you show Matt and Anna around. I want to talk to mom for a while."
Troy looked at Vanessa, having a good idea what the topic of the conversation was going to be. He just hoped that it would work out that he would benefit from it. "Good idea," he said then stepped towards his friend and his girlfriend, "come on. Let me give you the grand tour."
Vanessa and Nancy watched as Troy led the pair around the corner of the house. With her arm still wrapped around her mother's arm, she led them back up the steps and into the swinging chair and sat down.
"It's a beautiful day, isn't it?" Vanessa asked.
"In more ways than one," Nancy replied.
"I'm glad."
"The two of you are beautiful together, you know. You belong together," Nancy offered.
"I'm very much in love with him," Vanessa replied with a tug on her mother's arm.
"And he's in love with you. I hope that this afternoon, well, I hope that I didn't do anything that would hurt your relationship."
Vanessa turned and looked at her mother and smiled, "Nonsense. I know that he has enjoyed spending time with you and I know that you've enjoyed it as well."
"Well, yes, I have. But today was different."
"How? He makes love to both of us. You and I aren't jealous of each other. At least I know I'm not."
Nancy looked at Vanessa, "No, I'm not either. We've already come to grips with that."
"So, what's the big deal? We both got to enjoy his tongue and his cock."
"Vanessa," Nancy exclaimed. She looked at her daughter and the smile that had spread across her face. Nancy couldn't help but smile as well.
Vanessa put her head on her mother's shoulder, "If it makes you feel any better, Troy and I talked about it already."
"When?"
"A while back. We thought it would be nice if the three of use were able to be together at some point. We just didn't know how you'd feel."
Nancy sat and thought for a moment and then started running her fingers through Vanessa's hair. "I can't say as it's something that crossed my mind."
"But?"
"But, it was nice. But, it was also wrong," Nancy stated.
Vanessa lifted her head, "Why?"
"Well, it's not right for you and me, well, it's not right."
"Mom," Vanessa said as she placed a hand on her mother's cheek, "I love you and so does Troy."
"I love you too, sweetie."
"What is so wrong with us showing our love for each other? We've talked about you and Carol being together. So, I know it's not that."
Nancy looked into Vanessa's eyes and felt tears beginning to form.
"Mom, I enjoyed making love to you. Both because it was fun as well as I love you and I wanted to give you pleasure."
Nancy looked down at her lap and wiped a tear away. She then looked up and smiled, "I enjoyed it as well, I have to admit."
"We love each other and enjoy having sex with each other. What's wrong with that? I mean it's not like he's going to get us both pregnant. That would be a little too weird, my boyfriend would be the father of my child and my sibling. That would be wrong, I'll admit."
Nancy nodded, "Yeah, that would be a little awkward."
"So," Vanessa tugged on her mother's arm, "we good?"
Nancy smiled and reached around her daughter and drew her close, "We're good honey."
Vanessa drew her head back enough to be able see her mother's face, "Wanna go back inside?" she said as she raised her eyebrows.
Nancy smiled and placed her lips on Vanessa's, parting her lips as she felt Vanessa's tongue beginning to probe. After several seconds, they parted and Nancy stood up, offering her hand to Vanessa and together went back inside.
*
"Well, bud, you've got yourself a nice situation here," Matt said to Troy as the trio came back from the trails that ran through the property.
"Thanks. It really is good. It's so that I don't want to go into town unless I have to."
"I can understand that. Anna and I spent some time at a nude beach near campus and liked it." Matt, leaned toward Troy, "besides, there's all these women."
"True," Troy whispered back. "But you after a while it all seems more normal and you don't notice as much as you'd think. But there's still times where I stop and take an extra look or two."
Anna smiled and shook her head. She enjoyed looking at both genders but she wasn't going to brag about it. "Troy, when Matt and I went to the beach, there were lots of families with kids. But I don't see any kids here."
"It's been that way since a guy named Gerry first started this place decades ago."
"Why's that?" Anna asked.
"Two reasons actually. He wanted a place where adults could go without having kids underfoot."
Anna furrowed her brows just a little and looked at Troy for him to continue.
"And the second is that he wanted people to be able to not feel inhibited if they suddenly go the urge to, well, have sex."
Anna's eyes popped wide open and a hint of a smile formed on her face, "you mean people have sex, out in the open," she paused for a moment, "where everyone can see?"
"That's exactly what I mean."
"Does that really happen?" Anna asked not believing or imagining having someone watch her having sex.
"More often than you think," Troy answered.
Anna's smile grew a little wider and she looked at Matt, ideas beginning to form in her mind. She grabbed his arm with her hands and drew it between her breasts.
"Come on, let me show you the clubhouse," Troy suggested in an attempt to break the sudden sexual tension that formed.
There was a small group of women who were standing around a table when the three reached the clubhouse. Matt did a double take and then stopped, not believing what he was seeing. The woman he was looking at turned and looked at him. To his surprise, she broke into a broad smile.
"Matt! I certainly didn't expect to see you here," she looked at Anna, "it's good to see you Anna."
"Mrs. Sherman, I could say the same thing," Anna responded as she began to laugh. She looked at her boyfriend and then back to Olivia, "I think it's safe to say that Mickey didn't expect to see you either."
In just a few seconds, Matt took in his mothers naked form. From the all over tan, to her breasts that sat on her chest with small circles surrounding her nipples, to her taut stomach, the allure of the triangle of fur at the top of her legs, and finally her legs which he could see like the rest of her, see regular work outs.
Olivia certainly noticed that her son kept himself in shape as well and the corners of her mouth twitched just a little as she noticed his penis had enlarged just a little.
Maria leaned over and whispered, "Livy your boy is very handsome indeed. I want him."
Olivia turned and slapped her friends arm and laughed, "Oh, Maria."
"Come, sit," Olivia said, extending an invitation.
Troy said in a low voice, "Go, I see you and your mom probably have some things to talk about. I'm going back up to the house."
Matt looked at Troy and then back at the ladies, Anna already heading towards them, "Yeah."
*
Matt and Olivia were by themselves on a trail behind the cabins. It was Anna's suggestion that the two of them take a walk by themselves.
"It feels very weird walking next to you like this," Matt said as he looked straight ahead.
"Do you want to go back?"
Shaking his head, "No, it's just not something I ever anticipated."
"Well, I never expected you and Anna to be here. I take it this is not your first time."
Matt wanted to look over at Olivia but was afraid to. 'Funny,' he thought to himself, he had grown to enjoy being in nudist places and had become comfortable out of clothes. And he enjoyed looking at the naked female figure. But now he was very self-conscious about his dick handing down in front of him and his naked mother walking next to him. He suddenly wished he had some clothes on.
"No. Well, here it is. But, Anna and I found a beach not far from campus that we've gone to."
There was a silence between them as they walked before Matt asked, "What about you?"
"No, this isn't my first time," she said, shaking her head
"Mom, I meant."
Olivia laughed and grabbed Matt's arm, "I know what you meant. I was just teasing." She clung onto his arm, "Maria brought me here about six months or so after your dad took off."
"Maria? Mrs. Castillo?"
Olivia nodded her head, "I guess she was tired of my moping around."
"Well, you and her have been friends forever. But here?"
Olivia paused and a thoughtful look appeared on her face. "Matt, do I know everything about you?"
Matt thought for a second, "Yeah, I think so."
"Do you think you'd ever tell me what you and Anna do behind closed doors? Would you have ever told me about going to the nude beach?" Olivia asked, knowing the answer already.
"Well," was all Matt could muster.
"Well, there are things you don't know about me either. You remember where I met your father?"
"Yeah, you said the two of you were introduced at some party."
"And where was that party?" Olivia asked.
Matt thought for a moment, "I don't know."
"It was at a place kind of like this."
Matt stopped and Olivia stood in front of him, taking his cheeks in her hands. She smiled and nodded her head, "here." She used her thumbs to caress his cheeks, "I know, I'm your mom and I'm supposed to be this prim and proper lady who raised my son. A Mrs. Cleaver."
She smiled as Matt was working to absorb a new facet about her, "But, I'm also a woman. A woman who likes being nude."
She simply looked at Matt's eyes. She also noticed that they kept looking downward for a split second and then back up again.
"Look at me," Olivia said as she dropped her hands and stepped back several steps, "you want to look, I know you do."
Matt kept his eyes focused on her eyes, his heart pounding in his chest.
"It's okay. Part of being nude out is seeing and being seen. Most nudists enjoy being seen and like to see," she said as she moved one foot off to the side and put her hands on her hips.
Matt did as he was told and looked at his mother from head to toe. He always thought his mom was the best-looking mom around. She was exquisite looking even now. For the first time in a while, he became aware of his own nakedness as he watched her eyes look him up and down. He thought he detected a slight smile.
She stepped forward and took his arm in hers and guided him down the trail. She was glad to find Matt here and it felt a little liberating that her son finally knew a hidden part of her. She and his father had frequented nudist resorts until Matt came along and then it dwindled down. She hadn't re-entered the lifestyle until after the divorce.
"So, you and dad used to come here?" Matt asked after a long silence.
Olivia shook her head, "No, we stopped going to places when you grew a little older. It wasn't until after your father left that I started back with being a nudist. It was just at home though."
"I didn't know this place even existed."
"Neither did I. Maria let it slip one day when she was over that knew Gerry and had been coming here for quite some time."
Matt looked at his mother as he felt there was more to the story.
"Well, she was over one afternoon and we were sunning ourselves in the back yard and she asked if I minded if took off her bikini as she didn't want any tan lines," Olivia explained. "Well one thing led to another and we both ended up tanning nude that afternoon and we talked about our experiences. Turns out she likes being nude too."
"But here?" Matt said.
"Why not here?" Olivia asked.
"Well, when Troy was showing Anna and I around," Matt paused as he couldn't imagine his mother being okay with what they saw. "And he said that sometimes people will, they will be..."
"Having sex?" she asked.
"Yeah."
"Let me ask you. Do you like sex?"
"Mom!" Matt answered shocked to hear his mother ask such a question.
"I know you and Anna have been intimate and I'm guessing you both like sex. With a figure like Anna's, I would be disappointed if you didn't."
"This is a little weird," Matt said in a soft voice.
"Matthew," Olivia said, once again stopping and then standing in front of her son so that he could look at her again. "Sex is a part of life. If it wasn't for sex, you wouldn't be here."
"I know that," Matt said.
"Sex is also good for the soul. Sex can be an expression of one's love for another. It can also be just downright fun."
Matt looked at his mother's face and saw her with a broad smile.
"So, don't tell me that when you and Anna have sex that some of it is for love and some of it is just for the pure pleasure it gives you," Olivia said as she tilted her head forward just a little to look at her son out the tops of her eyes.
"Well, I, uh, I guess," Matt replied feeling his cheeks burn.
"Well, guess what, yes I'm your mother. But I like sex too. And I missed it a lot as your father and I, well started drifting apart."
Matt looked at his mom, expecting to see sadness but instead saw that she was still smiling, "I'm sorry."
She stepped forward and took his arm again and started walking. "And you can't tell me you've never watched any porn."
Once again, Matt felt some of the air sucked out of him. He didn't answer.
"I know that your father and I used to."
Matt frowned and looked at his mother.
"At least here, you see real people of various shapes having sex for the love or the fun of it. Not the plastic beings you see in pictures or on video."
Matt once again felt blood flow to his penis.
"I have no doubt that if you and Anna come out here many more times, that the two of you will take advantage of the surroundings."
Matt could feel his penis harden even more at the thought of making love to Anna in the great outdoors.
"You'll see," Olivia added as she gently patted his erection.
*
Matt arrived at home late the next afternoon and was surprised to see Anna's car parked out front. He stepped into the house and could hear Anna's laugh coming from the back yard. He stopped as he stepped through the patio door to see two women sitting in lawn chairs smiling at him. Both were nude.
"Hi sweetheart," Anna greeted him.
Matt didn't reply. He simply watched as Anna shifted in her chair and moved her knees just enough to give him an unobstructed view of her pussy. He looked at her face and she gave him a little smile and raised her eyebrows just a little.
"Why don't you go in and change, or at least get out of that suit and come back and join us. We want to hear how the interview went," his mother added. She was also facing him and he was able to see her lower lips just visible through her bush.
'Oh god,' he groaned to himself as he felt his penis begin to strain against his clothes. He turned and headed back inside.
He went to his room and undressed. He willed his penis to soften. The last thing he wanted to do was go back outside and have his mom see him with an erection. Finally willing it down by thinking of the things he needed to do before his second interview, he made his way back outside.
"Aww, it's gone soft," Anna remarked when he went outside.
Olivia laughed and tapped Anna's arm, "Ssh, he's probably having a difficult time as it is."
"Come and sit," his mother suggested, pulling up a chair next to her, "tell us how the interview went."
Matt looked at the chair and noticed there was already a towel there and sat down, "It went well. I wasn't out of the parking lot when they called and asked if I was available the day after tomorrow for a second interview."
"Honey, that's fantastic," Anna exclaimed.
Matt was finally feeling a little more relaxed as the conversation centered around his interview and the prospects that the job offered. He was also becoming more relaxed and at ease being nude with his mother as they got prepared, ate, and cleaned up after dinner.
*
Matt woke the next morning his penis totally hard. He recalled a dream that he had where he was in his bedroom with his cock buried in Anna with his mother watching. He got up and went into the shower. He stroked himself thinking about the dream but stopped short of cumming. He was hoping that he would be able to spend time with Anna and decided to keep it for her.
He donned a pair of shorts and a t-shirt after showering and went to the kitchen to see if there was any coffee. He stopped as he stepped into the kitchen area as his mother was looking at him, leaning against the dining table, a cup of coffee in her hand.
"I told you that before you came home that I never wore clothes. I hope you don't mind," she said as she moved one foot off to the side. "Why don't you strip out of those clothes and join me."
Matt couldn't help but look at the juncture of her legs and the lovely nest of hair there. He could feel his penis quickly come to life.
"Uh, I don't know if that would be a good idea right now," he said.
"I see. Looking at your shorts, I'm guessing that you like what you see," Olivia said with just a hint of a smile. "You know, I wouldn't mind seeing it. I mean after all, you're getting to see me."
Matt didn't say anything as he looked at his mother who tilted her head and raised her eyebrows as if to say 'well?' He continued to look at her as he peeled off his t-shirt and set it over the back of the next to him. He took a breath as he stuck his thumbs into the waistband of his shorts. He took a deeper breath as he lowered them, letting them pool at his feet. His penis stuck out proudly in front of him.
Olivia softly said, "Come here, Matt."
He went and stood in front of his mother. He felt his heart racing. He looked at her again as he approached her. His cock had softened a little.
"You are very handsome man and I can see some of what Anna likes about you," she said as she extended her hand and wrapped her fingers around his penis. His penis quickly became extremely hard. Olivia scooted back so that she was just sitting on the table, her legs separating as she did so.
"I told you that I like sex," Olivia reminded Matt in a quiet voice.
Matt nodded and mumbled a "yes."
"I also told you that I'm very open minded when it comes to sex as well."
"I remember."
"I gather from Anna that the two of you are pretty open minded as well," Olivia said as she started to rub the head of his cock between her vulva, finally resting at the entrance to her vagina
"oooo," was the only thing that came from Matt's mouth. He felt her hand leave his cock and both hands started pressing on his ass. He let out another groan as his erect penis started to enter his mother. He felt her scoot forward just a little as he went deeper inside her until he was all the way inside and their hips were together.
"This feels so nice, dear. Oh, so very nice," she said as she moved her hands up his back, drawing him closer.
Matt felt like his cock was as hard as it had ever been as he started to pump in and out of her. He continued to thrust in her as she placed her lips on his and they engaged in a passionate kiss. He could feel the familiar tightness begin in his groin.
"Oh god," Matt whispered as he neared orgasm.
"That's it, Matt, cum for me," Olivia whispered in his ear, her tongue licking the folds of his ear.
That's all it took for Matt to explode into his mother's womb. "Ahhh", he cried out as he emptied himself into her.
He could feel his penis begin to soften, still inside her vagina. He looked at his mother through foggy eyes and felt things for her that he'd never felt before.
Olivia pushed him back far enough that he slid out of her and they both looked down as cum oozed out of her and onto the floor. She looked at him and put her hands on his shoulders. With a slit tilt of her head and a loving smile, "Let's go to my bedroom where it's a little more comfortable."
Matt followed her to the bedroom. She laid back first on the bed and pulled him down with her. He kissed her lips and then moved down, taking her nipples into his mouth one at a time. She gasped and grabbed his hair when he had moved lower and stuck his tongue between her vaginal lips.
Their love making was initially a fiery joining of two people lost in the throes of pure pleasure. It was then followed by the slow and passion filled savoring of each other's bodies in the expression of love for one another.
*
Matt followed Anna as they rode their mountain bikes to a spot along a lake just outside of town. Normally it was a ride that they both enjoyed. But today he was filled with dread. He had to tell Anna what had happened and he was afraid of how she would react.
They got off their bikes and sat on a log, watching the sunlight sparkle on the water. It was a very peaceful setting. Anna imaged this place as the setting for her wedding, if only Matt would finally get around to asking her.
Anna looked at him, "You're unusually quiet today. You okay?"
"Yeah. No," he muttered.
She put her arm around his shoulders, "What's wrong?"
He looked at her. He loved her more than anything in the world and now he had ruined it. "There's something I need to tell you," Matt started, taking a deep breath.
"What?" Anna asked, rubbing his shoulders, moving her head down so she could see his face.
"Oh god, how do I say this," Matt said with a sigh.
"What?"
He looked at Anna in the eyes and he could feel his heart breaking, "I've cheated on you."
"What do you mean, you cheated?" Anna asked.
"On you," Matt said as he put his head back down.
"Cheated? How?" Anna asked in a tone that prompted him to continue.
"Mom," Matt started, "Mom and I..." Matt couldn't finish.
Anna was silent for a moment, still rubbing her hand across his shoulders. "You had sex with your mom?"
Matt simply nodded his head.
Anna rubbed his shoulders some more, "I know."
Matt moved his head for a moment, wondering if he heard her right. Then he turned to look at her.
"Your mom and I talked about it. It was my idea," Anna simply said, letting the words sink in.
"You?"
Anna nodded her head.
Matt opened his mouth wanting to say something but the words weren't there.
"Before you came home the other day, Olivia was talking about when she was younger. She talked about how things were between her and your dad."
Matt just looked at her.
Anna smiled, "she talked about how she and your dad would go to nudist resorts. We eventually started talking about sex."
Matt looked at Anna and sat up a little more, still not finding any words.
"Do you remember Maria coming over a lot when you were younger?"
Matt looked off to the side, thinking. Maria was certainly the object of his fantasies and he had filled his share of tissues with his cum thinking what it would be like to see her naked.
Matt muttered, "yeah."
"Well, it seems that your mom, dad, and Maria liked to play together, if you know what I mean," Anna said. Again, she stopped and let the newest revelation sink in.
Matt could feel his heart rate pick up a bit as he imagined Maria and his mom in bed together. He turned to look at Anna and softly said, "go on."
"After your dad left, she and Maria still get together and she thought that was okay. Then she saw us at the Camp. More you though."
Matt shook his head, not comprehending what was being said.
"She told me that she looked at you. You look at lot like your father and you brought back memories of the good times that your folks had and the sex they had together."
"Really?"
"She told me that she missed being with a man, that there are certain things that only a man can do. But she's not interested in being in a relationship. So," Anna stopped to take a breath, "I suggested you."
"Me?"
Anna nodded her head, "Yes, you. I suggested that she go to bed with you."
Matt's eyes widened as he realized that it was Anna who set this up, that he hadn't cheated on her like he thought he did.
"She was reluctant at first, saying that you're her son and such. But I told her that he's a man and that you've told me on more than one occasion that you thought she was desirable. After that, who cares?"
"Anna, I don't know what to say. I can't believe this," Matt said as he looked at the ground below. He had definitely enjoyed making love with his mother. The guilt he felt was more of cheating on Anna than of having sex with his mother.
"Did she make the first move?" Anna asked as she was curious.
"Yeah. It was in the dining room," Matt answered. "At least at first."
Anna nodded her head, "I told her that she'd probably have to make the first move, "she paused and then continued. "Was it good?" Anna asked, rubbing the back of his neck as a means of assuring and comforting him.
He looked at Anna and simply nodded his head.
Anna reached around and wrapped him in her arms, smiling as she felt his go around her, "I'm so glad. I told her that she should have you but on one condition."
"What was that?" Matt asked.
"That the next time I get to be there."
Matt didn't let go of his love, but his eyes opened wide, "What?"
"She said she liked the idea. I can't wait."