This is not just a true story, it is a true full description of just one of the many sexual things I have done in my life. This one, however, is the first major sexual thing I ever did in public. It's a full description, of the very first time I ever flashed in public, at the ripe old age of 18.
I was dating a senior in high school at the time, and he, like most teenage boys, loved fast cars. He took me to the national drag races, right here in good old Indianapolis. We started out just walking around, but every so often I would hear a lot of guys yelling, and shouting. Shortly after that, I would hear them cheering, and whistling even louder. I had absolutely no idea what they were whistling, and cheering about.
Less than an hour later I found out. I see guys yelling at two grown women, and by grown women, I mean women in their mid-twenties, give or take a few years. They were walking a ways ahead of us, and all of a sudden one of them pulled her top up, and the other one pulled her top down.
They totally exposed their bare breasts everyone to see. That's when all the guys started cheering, and whistling like crazy. I could not believe my eyes. I had no idea this sort of thing went on in the world. I especially had no idea, right here in Indianapolis. Now, don't think that I was some sort of a shy sheltered prude of a teenager, because I most certainly was not.
Heck, I had been wearing very revealing clothing for a few years. Like tube tops, tank tops, halter tops, and short skirts to miniskirts. So you have some idea what I looked like in those clothes, I will describe myself. I was a very petite brunette, with shoulder length hair. I was only 5 feet tall, and weighed just 85 pounds, with 36D - 19 - 32 measurements.
Obviously I had large breast, and a very thin, and trim body. My breasts, were bigger than all the senior girls at the high school. Believe me, I sure liked showing my body off wearing those revealing clothes too. But, I had never flashed like these ladies were doing. Exposing their naked body to total strangers. Again, I had no idea that kind of thing even went on. But Boy, I sure liked the idea of it.
Just the thought of exposing my bare breasts, or naked body to total strangers, turned me on like you would not believe. I wanted to do it right away, but I was with a date, and didn't think it would be a good idea. Besides, none of the guys were yelling at me. Even though, all I was wearing was a little blue jean skirt, and a pink tube top.
I just figured, they were not yelling at me to flash, because in the face I only looked 15, if not younger than that. Anyway, about an hour after that, we were walking past this chain link fence, and on the other side, is what's called the Pits. This is where the guys work on their race cars. As we walked past, several guys started yelling, and holding up a big sign that said (Show Us Your Tits).
I started looking around to find out who they were yelling at, but I didn't see any other girls around. Then I heard one of the guys yell out.
"Hey, You In The Pink"
Now, as I said, I was wearing a pink tube top, and a short blue jean skirt. I thought, Holy Shit! They were yelling at Me. I can't begin to tell you, how nervous, and how excited I got in an instant. Even back then, my cunt instantly juiced up, and I could feel the juice oozing out of my little cunt hole. I was ready to explode with excitement, I mean, I was really turned on like I had never been before. I had no idea of what to do. So I asked the boy I was with.
"Are they yelling at Me"?
I was hoping he would say go ahead and flash them if you want. But instead, He said.
"Just ignore them, they're a bunch of perverts". As we walked on past them.
To say the least, I was very disappointed. I had so hoped, my date was going to say, go ahead, and show them your tits. Oh, how I wanted that. Well, we had only walked a short ways after that, and my date said.
"I have to use the john, I'm going to be a while".
He had just gotten in a very, very, very long line, to get into the restroom. Well, A huge light went on in my head. I instantly said to him.
"Hey, I'm going to the concession stand, and get us something to drink".
Yep, You guessed it! I walked right back to where those men, had yelled at me. Hey, the drink concession stand was back that way, I had no choice, Right? Well, I went right up close to where those guys were at. I stopped behind this little shed, or at least, I think that's what you would call it. Different thoughts were just spinning in my head.
I, clearly, remember thinking back then, should I do it, I want to do it, but, should I do it. I'll tell you, I had become so nervous, that my legs were actually shaking. Hell, I was scared to death. But, just the thought of exposing My bare breasts to them, was driving me wild inside. I can't even begin to tell you, how long I stood behind that shed, trying to work up the courage to walk out into their view.
I was so excited, and scared, I was ready to burst. I thought what the hell Kathy. Quit being a chicken, and get your ass out there. So I stood up real straight, pulled my shoulders back, which really made my breast stick way out there. I drew a deep breath, and walked out into their view. I walked, and walked, and walked, until I was out of their sight.
Oh my, how disappointed I was, that they hadn't yelled at me. My head was still spinning, but I remember thinking right away, they must have figured I wouldn't do it, because I didn't when they yelled at me earlier. Anyway, that is what I thought back then. I then thought, I would give it one more try. Sinse I had to walk back that way anyhow.
So, I again stood up straight. I pulled my shoulders way back, and I walked, and walked, and walked. I had just about gotten back to the little shed. I was even more disappointed than before, that they had not yelled at me. That's when I heard a guy yell out.
"Hey, Hey" the man shouted.
Then a couple of other men shouted.
"Hey, Hey, sweet thing"
Oh my god, my legs started shaking like crazy. Hell, my whole body was shaking. I kept walking, but had slowed way down. I looked over at them, and just about all of them started yelling.
"Hey, Hey, Hey, You, You in the Pink".
Again, I was only 18, and when it came to flashing like this, I actually was a bit naive. I really wasn't sure what to do. So I stopped walking, and stood still. I remember looking around, as though looking to see whom they were yelling at, only there was no other girls around, except for Me. I looked straight at them, and kind of pointed my finger at myself.
You know, like asking them, (Are You yelling at Me) The soon as I did that, the guys started yelling.
"Yes, You"! While pointing straight at me.
I again pointed at myself, while saying Me. Yet again, they yelled out.
"Yes, You, You in the pink"
They held up their big sign that said (Show us your tits). Now, there was little doubt the men were yelling at me, and what they wanted me to do. There was also little doubt, that I had totally put myself in that situation. Yet sheer terror ran through my entire body. My legs were shaking so bad, I could barely stand up.
I clearly remember, the grinding feeling, between my legs. I felt the juices flowing out of my cunt, and running down my inner thighs. But, there I was all by myself, just 18 yrs. old, with at least 10 grown men not more than 100 feet away. They were on the other side of the fence, and they all wanted Me to expose my bare breasts too them.
I have no doubt, the fact that they were all grown men, is what made Me so scared. Because, when I say grown men, I mean they were like from their 20's to 60's. This was not a bunch of high school boys, these were full grown men. I knew it was now, the moment of truth. It was time for me to expose my breasts, or run away.
To this day, I have no idea why I did it, but I looked all around beside me, and behind me. I suppose, to see if anyone else was watching. Hell, I just don't know. I wanted to pull my top down, and show my big breasts, but I was absolutely scared to death. Then, one of the guys yelled out.
"Chicken" and started crowing like a chicken.
Well, that did it for me. That was a challenge, and even back then, I never backed down from a challenge. I put my thumbs down inside each side of my tube top, paused for the longest time, took another quick look around. I took in a big deep breath, and pulled my top down. Hey, I didn't just pull it down. I pulled it down all the way to my waist. My very large breasts were totally, and completely exposed for everyone to see.
I looked down at my breasts, and my already big nipples, were harder, and sticking out further, then I had ever seen them stick out before. Then came the very loud cheers, and wolf whistles from all the guys. I mean they were cheering, and whistling like crazy. Those cheers, and the fact that I was standing there with my bare breasts sticking out, made me have an orgasm right there on the spot.
I clearly remember, squeezing my legs together, like when you have to pee really bad, and have to hold it. But, I could not hold this. My cunt had just exploded, and the juice was pouring out of my cunt hole, and down my inner thighs, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. I again remember thinking, I hope no one sees it running down my legs, almost feeling embarrassed.
I know, I left my top all the way down, a lot longer than all the other girls I had seen flashing, but I was so excited I didn't even think about it. I finally pulled up my top, and with a big grin on my face, I gave them one of those little twinkle your finger waves, to say goodbye. I had just started to turn, and start walking back towards where my date was. When I heard the guys yelling at me, even louder than they did the first time.
"Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, These Guys didn't see, These guys didn't see" they yelled.
I instantly stopped, and turned back towards them. Sure enough, there were at least 20 more guys, and they were all calling out.
"We Didn't See, We Didn't See"! While the others yelled out.
"Show EM again, Show EM again"
Well, I was way too turned on and out of control with sexual excitement at that point. I had to do it. Again, I put my thumbs inside both sides of my tube top. I took in another deep breath, and again pulled my top all the way down to my waist, with a huge smile on my face. Hey, I was having the public sexual time of my life.
The men started cheering, and whistling even louder than they did the first time. Boy was I ever loving it too. From that point on I was hooked on flashing, and hooked on sex. I loved showing off my naked body, and I really loved the cheers, and the big audience. When I finally pulled my top up, I got a real big surprise. I heard what sounded like 500 guys yelling behind me.
They were yelling at me from the grandstand, that yes, was behind me. They were all hollering for me to show them my tits as well. Without even thinking about it, I just turned towards the rear of the big grandstand, and again pulled my top all the way down to my waist. You should have heard the loud roar of cheers, and whistles. I was now exposing my bare breasts to at least 1000 people, both men and women.
I pulled up my top gave them a little finger wave, and turned to walk back to my date. Only (BAM) I almost walked right into him. Oh Yes! The boy, my date, the one that brought me to the drag races, was standing there watching me flashing my big breasts, to anyone and everyone that wanted to see them. Needless to say, I felt like the little girl that got caught with her hand in the cookie jar so to speak.
I have to say, a bit embarrassed as well. Well, kind of embarrassed. But hey, He was a teenage boy, and He had a big smile on His face. So great, my date had no problem with me flashing my bare breasts. Not a big surprise when you think about it. We turned to continue our walking around, when the guys in the pits started yelling at me yet again.
"Hey, Hey, Hey, These Guys Didn't See You, These Guys Didn't See You "
Wow, now there must have been 50 or 60 grown men over there. I walked up to the fence, and again pulled my top all the way down to my waist. The men, cheered, and whistled like crazy. Again, I left my top down for a very long time. I pulled my top up, gave them the little finger wave. My date and I continued our walking around.
Only it was a bit different now, because instead of having my tube top completely covering my breast. I pulled it down so it barely covered my nipples. Oh yeah, I was now showing a whole lot of cleavage. Well, It seemed like everywhere we walked after that, there were guys yelling for me to unleash my big breasts, and give them a show. Oh yes, I was more than happy to show them too.
What about my date? Oh my date was having a great time too. The cool thing was, while we were walking around. He told me about the Indy 500.
He said.
"This is nothing, you should see all the girls flashing at the Indy 500".
He went on to explain to me how girls walked up, and down the mile long Georgetown Rd., plus 16th. & 25th. street flashing, some girls stripping completely naked.
"Really, at the Indy 500". I inquired.
"Are you kidding, It's absolutely fricking crazy" he said.
He went on to explain, it goes on the whole week before the race. People are camping, mostly men, and it really gets crazy the two nights before the race, with thousands of people there.
Well, guess where I was every year before memorial day. Yep, I went every year to the Indy 500, and got some real wild stories about some of the things that took place there.
Some of those stories involve a great deal more than just flashing, if you know what I mean. A whole lot more! So, That was the description of my very first flashing experience, a day I will never forget. Two weeks later at my sweet teen
party. I removed my bra, and my panties. I have never worn them since.
Although I have greatly refined the way I flash, most of the time my bare pussy. I still flash in some way nearly every single day. I am a total 100% exhibitionist, and just seem to never be able to do enough flashing.
I will be posting other stories of my flashing adventures, so keep an eye out for them.
Hope you liked it, Kathy