Neil leant over to pick up his camera. Lifting the camera closer to his eye, he began to shoot multiple pics rapidly of my spunk coated face. I played the slut perfectly, looking directly into the camera, licking and swallowing droplets of the thick creamy spunk as they slithered toward my open mouth.
Scraping my index finger across my face, I scooped all of the residual sperm off my face and licked my finger clean. The video camera was still recording, capturing all of my slut antics as my face was finally cleaned.
Neil walked over to his desk and picked up some baby wipes. Throwing the package toward me, he tilted his head slightly and smiled.
"Time to clean your face up slut! You'll need to redo your make up so we can complete the photo shoot, then I'm going to fuck you one more time!"
I grinned seductively as I began to wipe my face clean of any spunk or smudged make-up.
Climbing off the bed, I teetered on my outrageously high heeled thigh length boots toward the dressing table with the large mirror and theatrical lights.
I sat in the high backed chair facing the mirror and began to apply smoky eyeshadow maintaining my lady of the night look. I applied rouge to my cheeks, much more than usual, lashing of mascara and finally adding a shiny layer of lip gloss, emphasising my cheating slut wife persona.
Neil looked at my heavily made up reflection and smiled.
"No dirty slut should be that sexy!" He laughed nodding his head in the direction of his still rock hard cock. My eyes opened in mock surprise at his huge erection. Licking my lips seductively I reached out to stroke the strong powerful shaft.
"Put the long gloves on and I'll bring some toys and dildo's over to the bed. This set will be a simulation of a live cam show, but the photographer will fuck the slut model!" Neil smiled giving me details of the shoot, knowing his words would excite me, with an added bonus that the video camera was capturing all of this in real time.
My pussy was tingling and fizzing with excitement once more as I climbed on the bed putting a little show on for the video camera. Neil walked over to the foot of the bed and dropped three different vibrators and two rather large dildo's, one a replica eight inch flesh coloured cock and the second one a ten inch black mambo cock. Both cocks were extremely life like with perfect helmets and wonderful blood pumping thick veins, but the black one excited me more.
I'd never been fucked by a black guy, but my fantasy could become a little more realistic with the huge black dildo. I picked up the black dildo excitedly and could feel my pussy opening, just holding the huge cock. My mind was swirling with thoughts of what this would feel like stretching my quim, and even better, what a real life hard black shiny cock would feel like.
I stared down the camera lens of the video as I licked the length of the huge black fleshed dildo.
"I'm definitely going to get me some black cock soon and get owned by one of those big black studs!" I smiled then placed my lips over the huge black cock.
"Keep sucking the cock while I take some shots!" Neil smiled clicking away happily "Once you feel ready, slide your cheating slut cunt over the black cock and fuck it as though it was real!"
"You may have to help me hold myself open to get this big black beauty inside me!" I giggled.
"Once you have the black cock inside your cunt, I'm going to ram the vibrator up your asshole on full speed!" Neil said through gritted teeth.
I moaned deliriously at the thought of being Double Penetrated by the sex toys and the way that Neil was talking to me. I was in ecstasy being treat like a whore, enjoying the sensations so much that I eased the black cock into my tight shaved pussy with minimum ease. The stretching was a beautiful mixture of searing pain and lust enhanced pleasure. I began to rock my hips as I impaled myself on the magnificent sex toy. I began to pant uncontrollably as my legs began to shake, slamming my pussy on to the black cock I hollered out.
"This black cock is awesome. I'm going to find a real black cock to seed and pleasure me!" I breathed as my orgasm began to take effect.
"Are you going to tell James that you're going to fuck a black cock?" Neil taunted.
"No. I'm going to cheat on James, sucking and fucking a huge black cock!" I panted, my orgasm approaching speedily "I'll let my black stud do whatever he wants!"
Neil smiled and squeezed my swaying tits, adding to my sexual pleasure.
"I have a few black male models I use for porno shoots. I could get one of them to fuck you as long as I can film it!" Neil teased, twisting my pierced nipples.
"Hell yeah! Instead of one of them why not get all of them to fuck me!" I squealed as my orgasm overpowered me.
Female ejaculate gushed from my black cock filled pussy as I continued to ride the black mamba.
"Will you tell James?" Neil quipped.
"If he wants, but it doesn't matter as I'm going to fuck them and make a porno for you!" I panted, my eyes wide open.
"So you want to make a porno with two black studs, one fucking your pussy with his huge hard black cock while the other one stretches your asshole with a black cock just as big and hard!" Neil teased as he began to slide a rabbit vibrator into my asshole.
I began to imagine that I was being fucked by two black cocks as Neil captured the moment on camera.
"I could have the guys here this afternoon if you're up for it?" Neil enquired.
I came instantly, a gush of female ejaculate coating the shiny black replica cock. The rabbit vibrator was on full speed, twirling magnificently deep inside my asshole.
"Fuck yeah! Bring my black cocks here to fuck me!" I pleaded.
"I'll give them a call right now, well I will once I let James out of the cupboard!"
I startled somewhat, looking at Neil with two imitation cocks inside me, still pleasuring as I looked at Neil in dismay.
"James is in the cupboard?" I quizzed.
"He's been watching be a magnificent cheating slut, and just so you know the black cock was his idea to see if you'd like to try out some black cock for real. We both never thought you'd want more than one!" Neil smiled, nodding toward a louvre door, that suddenly opened as James popped his head around it.
"You're a dirty cheating slut who will need to swallow my spunk before the black guys arrive!" James smiled holding his erect exposed cock, as he slowly walked toward the bed.
I eased forward as James' cock slid between my lips and down my throat. Sucking ferociously I began to give James the best blowjob he would ever have experienced. Neil climbed on the bed and removed the Rabbit vibrator and the black cock. Bending me over slightly, he slipped his huge hard cock, slowly inside my pussy. I removed James cock from my mouth and began to stroke the length slowly and deliberately as I whispered.
"I want both of you to spunk in my mouth!" I demanded albeit in a soft whisper "My pussy and ass is for my black studs!" I stated.
I looked up at James, maintaining eye contact as I said.
"Your whore wife is about to become a black cock slut!" I teased "Come in my mouth and leave my slut holes for real men to fuck!"
James groaned with obvious delight as my words of humiliation sexually aroused him. Neil was fucking my shaved pussy frenziedly, slamming his hard cock deep inside me.
"Fuck me Neil. Show my husband how a real man makes me come!" I panted.
James pushed his cock into my mouth just it exploded. Spurts of hot spunk hit the back of my throat as I began to swallow my husbands jism. Neil slammed his cock inside me one more time then removed it, turning me around to accept his load. I placed my lips over Neils hard cock and swirled my tongue around his sensitive glans. The first spurt took me by surprise as a colossal amount of seed began to empty into my mouth. Sucking and swallowing I drained Neil's cock expertly.
Licking my lips and taking one last swallow I looked Neil in the eye and smiled.
"What time do my black cocks get here?"