Madison knelt on the floor behind the cash register. She slowly pulled her phone out of her pocket and handed it to Hannah. "I'm ready," she said.
It had been about a month since Madison had started her new job, and it seemed like every time she went into work, she was in for an adventure. Of course, she had to follow Shawn's wardrobe rules he laid out for her - she wore crop tops with skirts and shorts, or two piece dresses, but her stomach was always exposed and she never wore panties to work. Shawn just had to touch her belly too, each day to make sure she was following her rules. And of course, he would regularly come up behind her and whisper "how's my little slut today?" Or something equally degrading. Madison just smiled and flirted.
But Madison seemed to have too many balls in the air, so to speak. She kept sneaking around to fuck Shawn. And, of course, she found Hannah completely irresistible. And she was trying to keep them from finding out she was sleeping with the other. On top of that, she had to remember to please her online blackmailer, whoever that was, and Dan even came back for a weekend and demanded that she make herself available for him to use.
The hardest part, though, was fitting in her blackmail tasks - usually using Hannah as the camera girl - without arousing too many suspicions. So far, so good. She had managed to get Hannah to film her lifting her skirt and lowering her top, exposing her tits and pussy, very near customers in the store. She had walked around for a half hour wearing nothing but a bikini while Hannah filmed her - Shawn had liked that one a little too much and almost blown her cover. She had been discreetly writing nasty words on her body, and she had even masturbated sitting on a table of merchandise.
But her latest blackmail task really took the cake. "Get that hot friend of yours - Hannah is it? Yeah, Hannah - I want you to worship her feet at work. While the place is a little busy." Of course, there was more to it, but that was the important part. The hard part for Madison, of course, was getting Hannah to go along with her requests. This was seemingly becoming more and more difficult, and Madison knew it.
"I just need you to film me licking your feet," she explained. "And I need you to not ask why." Madison explained. Hannah just shook her head.
"You know, I have friends there. And as if the stuff we have done so far wasn't bad enough! I have done enough to get fired already! And what if there are cameras!"
"Oh, relax - if there were cameras, we'd have been fired already!" Madison said, laughing.
"Okay, Look - I know you are a little on the wild side, and I'm usually willing to go along with it to have a little fun. But this is a step over the line. I mean, I might do it but - I'd really just have to know why you need this so badly."
"Okay, Okay," Madison said. Secretly, she knew there was no way she was telling Hannah the truth. She was just going to have to make something up, and see if it was good enough. She racked her brain, but couldn't think of anything.
The worst part about her situation was that, even though Hannah would probably think it was arousing that someone totally had Madison under his - or her - thumb, it would freak Hannah out if she knew it was a complete stranger rather than someone Madison knew and trusted. But Madison just couldn't think of any legitimate-sounding reason why she would need the video other than the fact that she was being blackmailed and would be completely exposed if she didn't comply.
Finally, she had an idea. "What if - I combined Dan and the online guy, so that it's the same person? I could lie and tell her Dan, this guy I know, is playing a blackmail game with me where he will tell - and more importantly, show - a close male mutual friend of ours how much of a slut I am if I don't follow through?" Madison decided to go for it, and luckily, Hannah not only bought it, but decided to play into it as well.
Madison had explained to Hannah that she had a close friend, Dan, who enjoyed humiliating her, and that he was blackmailing her with her permission, and she found it highly erotic to be forced to perform sexually - like when she did the snow angel video. She explained that she trusted him and he would never hurt her, but that he liked to make it realistic. Hannah actually wondered if everything Madison said was true, but it seemed legit - and after Madison showed Hannah a couple texts from Dan, she was highly aroused at the thought of Madison wanting to be forced like that.
So there Hannah was, standing behind the cash register, holding Madison's phone. Madison had, for the past month, been seemingly wearing less and less clothing to work. Her tops were getting smaller, her shorts and skirts were getting shorter, and these days she seemed to be wearing fewer cardigans and cover-ups to help make up the difference. On this day, she wore a red tube top with a sewn-in liner and a tight light-wash denim skirt and white sandals - nothing else other than jewelry. No panties, no bra.
"Hi there," Madison said from her seat on the floor. Hannah tried to ring up a customer while Madison played. "Are you ready? Can I get started miss? Can I worship your feet?"
Hannah looked around. Thankfully, the customer, a young blonde, was glued to her phone and hadn't heard anything. "Go for it," she said, looking down briefly. It was tough to hold the phone and cash out a customer using only one hand, but Hannah seemed to manage well enough.
The customer walked away as Madison got down on all fours. She looked at Hannah's feet, clad in simple yellow chunky heels with one strap over the top of her foot and one strap around her ankle. They really went well with her mustard- colored floral mini-dress. Looking up at the camera, she licked the top of Hannah's left foot seductively. "Mmmmm," She moaned.
Hannah giggled. She looked around the store. There were a couple of customers, but nobody in the immediate vicinity. She had an idea. Using her hands, she boosted herself up onto the counter, so that she was sitting with her back to the store and her legs dangling on the employees-only side of the counter - the side where Madison knelt.
"Here," she said. "Now I can see your face instead of just the back of your head." Madison looked up and smiled. "Lick it, slut," Hannah ordered. Now that she knew about Dan and the fact that he was blackmailing Madison, she was going to play along as well as she could and actively participate in Madison's humiliation.
Madison smiled, kneeling on the floor. Slowly, she brought Hannah's foot near her face, taking it in, closing her eyes before licking the top of her friend's foot. Keeping her eyes closed, she lowered her head and backed away slightly, and as Hannah raised her big toe up away from the bottom of her shoe, Madison slowly, sensually parted her lips and kissed it. She slowly forced her tongue out of her mouth until she was licking the tip of Hannah's big toe.
"Mmmmm," Madison moaned. In truth, Hannah's foot was not delicious, but Madison did feel humiliated being made to worship it.
"Put my toe in your mouth you dumb bitch!" Hannah commanded after making sure nobody was within earshot. Madison opened her mouth, allowing Hannah's toe to enter, and closed it around the end.
"Suck my toe!" Hannah called out. Madison moaned again. She somehow got past the smell and the taste and the fact that she was quite literally licking dirt off of the bottom of her friends foot, and soon she was nibbling in the toe, sucking hard on it, drawing circles on the bottom of the toe with her tongue. Madison especially liked true way Hannah's white gel pedicured toenails felt in her mouth.
"Here, I have an idea," Hannah said. She handed the phone back to Madison and opened a drawer.
"Mmmmmm," Madison moaned to the camera. "Her feet are so sexy, aren't they?" She blew a kiss.
Her presentation was cut short by Hannah as she picked up the phone and set it aside. She grabbed Madison's arms and held them behind her back. Before Madison could react, Hannah had grabbed a roll of packing tape and was wrapping it around and around, securing her arms in place.
"Hannah!" Madison cried out. "If we get busted I'll never have time to get out of this!"
"Good," said Hannah. "I can walk away like nothing is wrong and you get stuck here half-naked with your arms taped together. So I would do what I say. Got it?" Hannah picked the phone up as she spoke.
"Hannah - I - I'm not half naked, I -"
"Oh, come on, you're dressed like a total slut!" Hannah called out as she unbuckled her shoes and tossed them aside.
"I mean - I'm covered," Madison retorted. Hannah boosted herself back onto the counter.
"Barely," said Hannah. She placed her left foot to one side of Madison's head and her right foot on the other side. "You're a slut."
Madison tried to open her mouth to respond, but Hannah pushed her right foot against the front of the bound girl's face, and as Hannah did this, all that could be heard from the camera's perspective were muffled mumblings.
"Just admit it. You're a slut and you love dressing like one." Madison just nodded. Her face was covered in both of Hannah's feet. She could feel her push start to tingle as the humiliation of what she was doing kicked in. Madison made it over the first mental hurdle, and slowly nodded her head in agreement.
"Then say it," Hannah ordered, briefly moving her feet away.
"I'm a slut," Madison replied.
"And?"
"And I love dressing like a slut. And wearing as little as possible. And letting everyone see me. See?" Madison slowly sat back on her ass, spreading her legs, her pussy revealed to the camera as she went.
"Wow. No panties at work? You're a brave girl," Hannah told her. "Now, What are you going to do today? What kind of slut are you going to be?"
Madison was getting so turned on at the way she was being talked to by Hannah - on camera especially - that she lost control and went overboard. "I'm going to be a foot slut," she said. "I'm going to lick and suck your feet like the dirty slut I am."
"Start with my left," Hannah said. She thrust her left foot forward, looking around again to make sure nobody was watching. Madison leaned forward and sat up on her knees, which incidentally hid her pussy from view when she placed her ass on top her heels and sat with her legs folded together.
"Let's fix that," Hannah thought to herself. With her right foot she reached in between Madison's breasts. After a couple of tries, she caught the top of the red tube top with her big toe, pressed her foot into Madison's chest, and pulled down. Slowly, Madison's tits were revealed to the camera - and in between them, in large black letters, the word she had written there that morning - "slut."
"Slut," said Hannah. "Slut." Madison smiled, making no effort to hide her exposed tits - not that she really could have with her hands tied, but still, she offered no protest. "No panties, no bra, tiny skirt and tiny top. You really do like dressing like a slut. And writing it for everyone to see, apparently, too!" Hannah smirked as she talked.
Madison just smiled and took Hannah's big toe into her mouth. She sucked diligently before adding a second and then a third toe to her waiting mouth. Then, she leaned down and licked the bottom of Hannah's foot from the heel to the toes, mopping up any unsavory bits with her tongue as she went. "I was afraid of getting caught at first," Madison admitted. "But now I just feel like a slut and I don't even care. Let everyone see me licking these sexy feet - at work - tits out. I really am a slut."
Madison began passionately sucking Hannah's left foot, and Hannah began caressing Madison's left nipple with her right foot. "You are a dirty, nasty, little fucking slut," Hannah said.
"Mmmmmm, I love worshipping and cleaning your feet," Madison responded.
"Oh yeah? How do they taste?" Hannah asked.
"Your feet taste delicious, miss," Madison replied. She placed her nose near Hannah's foot and sniffed. "And smell delicious too," although anyone watching saw that she made an unpleasant face as she said this. Hannah backed her left foot away from Madison and thrust her right foot into her face. Madison began giving the other foot the same treatment, licking, sucking and even savoring it. She made luscious smacking sounds as she went.
"Suck my foot you nasty little bitch!" Hannah tormented as Madison went. It only turned Madison on more to be talked to that way. Hannah turned around and saw a customer approaching.
"Here, someone's coming," she said softly. On your back!" Madison didn't have much choice, as Hannah pushed her backward with her foot, and Madison's hands were tied and she was unable to catch herself. Hannah reached down and dragged Madison closer to the edge of the counter, where the customer would have to lean over exceptionally far to see.
Madison looked up. Hannah wasn't exactly dressed like a virgin, either - although she was a lot more covered than Madison was. She was wearing a pair of denim shorts, high waisted, with maybe an inch or so of her belly exposed in between the shorts and the top. The top was a little low-cut but by no means was it obscene.
Madison's tits were still hanging out. As she looked at her friend, she saw Hannah's foot come down directly in front of her mouth. The phone had been placed at the edge of the counter, the camera peeking over the edge and still recording as Madison began to suck Hannah's foot again.
Hannah went about her business, helping the customer, a young woman maybe a couple years younger than Madison. If she suspected anything unusual, she didn't show it. Finally the customer was done and walked away.
Hannah stopped the video and placed Madison's phone on the counter. She reached down and untied Madison's arms, giving her the freedom to pull her top back into position so that at least her breasts were covered, even if most of the rest of her wasn't.
"God that was hot," Madison said. "Like - it would have been really hot if she would have caught me down there licking your feet, you know?"
"Yeah, definitely," said Hannah.
"Just, to be humiliated like that -" Madison trailed off as she started to fantasize. Hannah was fantasizing too - the scenario that had played out was more intense than she thought it would be. Hannah was starting to realize that Madison's humiliation was turning her on as well.
"Um, excuse me," said a male voice in front of them.
"Oh, I'm sorry, can I help you?" Hanna asked. It was an athletic looking guy maybe a year or two older. It was nobody Hannah knew, meaning he had to be a customer.
"Yeah, I just - I was wondering. I need to buy something for my girlfriend. Like - we're going on vacation and I want to get her something really hot to wear."
"Yeah, we can definitely help," Hannah said. "What are you interested in?"
The guy held up a bikini, a pie of shorts, and a top. The bikini was a string bikini with barely enough fabric to cover the nipples or pussy. The shorts were destroyed cheeky shorts with lace-up sides, and the top was basically a low-cut cropped tank with extra-thin spaghetti straps. It had only slightly more fabric than the top Madison was wearing.
"Okay, great," Hannah said. "Are you ready to check out or are you still looking?"
"Well," the guy began. "I just wanted a girl's opinion, I guess," the guy said. "Like - would this look good? For vacation?"
"Actually - I think it's really cute. I would wear it for sure. I mean it won't look good on everybody, but I'm sure you know her and you know what she likes, right?"
"Well, this is more of a what I like kind of thing," he said. "I just wish I could - this kind of stuff is so hard without seeing her in it, you know?"
"Well, wait - I have an idea. My friend here likes to play dress up sometimes," Hannah said, gesturing at Madison. "How would you like to see her try it on for you?"
"Hannah!" Madison protested. Looking over at her friend, she saw that she still had her phone and she had started to record everything that was going on - leaving the guy's face out, of course.
"Oh, come on, Madison. You know you want to. Besides, it's more clothes than you have on now!"
"Yeah, But -"
"Let me ask you this," Hannah said, turning to the guy. "Do you think she's cute?"
"Well, Yeah -"
"Okay. Now - do you think she looks like a slut in that outfit?"
"Hannah!" Madison protested again.
"We keep having this argument," said Hannah to the guy. "She thinks she looks like a slut. I say no. What do you think? Can you settle this for us?" She turned to Madison. "If he agrees with me, you're trying on the outfit."
"Okay," Madison agreed.
"Well," the guy said, "I'd have to go with no. I mean honestly, she just looks really hot."
"Okay, But - What if I told you I wasn't wearing any panties?" Madison asked. She clearly hadn't considered that letting the guy in on her little secret would be even more humiliating than being used as his personal fashion model.
"Honestly, I wouldn't believe it," he said.
"Okay, show him," Hannah pressed. Madison froze. In an instant, Hannah was stepping toward her, grabbing the bottom of her skirt and lifting it up, revealing to the guy that there was, in fact, nothing underneath.
"Oh, my God!" The guy said. He could not take his eyes off of Madison's beautiful shaven pussy. "You're really not wearing any - any panties at all."
"Nope," said Madison, smiling. "Do you like it?"
"Yeah, I mean - wow," the guy said, his head spinning.
"See? Don't I look like a slut?"
"I mean - I think you're really sexy but - I wouldn't use the term slut. I mean maybe you're a tease," the guy said, giving her some credit without giving her what she really wanted.
"Okay, then, um- what about this?" Madison asked. As she spoke, she pulled down her top, exposing her beautiful, perky breasts- and the word "slut" written on them. She made no effort to hide them, or to pull her top back up.
"Okay, I mean - yeah, I can't argue with that. Especially after the way you basically stripped and showed me everything within two minutes of meeting you. Do you do this for all the guys? I'll have to send some friends in here!"
Madison laughed nervously. She was incredibly turned on. "So what am I?" She asked.
"You're a slut," he said, smiling.
"Good." Madison may have won the bet, but she was also too turned on to let the guy just walk out of the store without looking at her body some more. But how was she going to move this along?
She didn't have to wonder long. Hannah did it for her, as if she read her mind. Standing next to Madison, she reached out and cupped Madison's right breast, taking the nipple between her thumb and forefinger. "Want to feel them? Maybe grope her a little? Sluts like her always like that," Hannah said. She started to get a little aggressive, squeezing Madison's breast sensually.
"So, do you want - I mean, if you want, would you - would you want to touch them?" Madison asked, echoing Hannah's thoughts, her tits still exposed for all to see.
"Oh, fuck, man, my girlfriend would kill me," he said. But he wasn't backing away or looking away or making any effort to not stare at Madison's chest. For several seconds he just stood there, watching one attractive girl fondle another. "Maybe just for a second," he said finally, after a long stare. He reached his hand out, touching Madison's other breast. It lasted a lot longer than a second. At first he stretched his hand out, his palm at the underside of her breast and his fingers at the top, the nipple in between his middle and forefingers. He squeezed gently, then firmly. Madison made no objection as she was groped.
"I'm going to model for you anyway," she blurted out. "Want me to go try that on for you?"
"No," Hannah said, still recording. "You're going to do it right here. No fitting rooms for you."
"Hannah! Right here? In the middle of the store?"
"Take it off, Madison. You know you want to."
"Yeah, let's see this," the guy said, egging her on. He handed her the garments.
Madison could have had a way out if she had wanted one. She could have pulled her top up, gave the guy a disgusted look, and walked back behind the counter. She could have even left the store, or left the sales floor. But she didn't do any of that. Instead, she just smiled, took the clothes, and placed them on the counter. She looked around to make sure nobody else could see. And then, just like that, she pulled her top off over her head and stood on the sales floor, at work, in front of a customer - topless.
"Wow," the guy said. "You really are a slut."
"Thank you," Madison said. She was unbelievably turned on. She smiled wide and slowly unbuttoned her skirt and then pulled it down. She stepped out of it, leaving it on the floor. And now, other than a pair of sandals, a bellybutton ring, and the word "slut" written on her chest, she was completely nude. Yet she made no effort to cover herself.
Madison was shaking from excitement. Her stomach was doing flips. She picked up the bikini bottoms and pulled them on. It was an almost laughably tiny garment, barely wide enough to fill her ass crack and cover her pussy lips. She smiled as she watched the guy ogling her. She slowly slipped the top on, a standard string bikini top with two tied straps, one behind her neck and the other in the middle of her back. There were two small pink triangles barely covering her breasts and, other than those, the top was all string.
"So what do you think?" Madison asked.
"Oh, you look perfect - I mean it looks perfect," he said.
"What about the view from behind," She asked, turning around. She even bent over a little, leaning on the counter. Hannah stepped forward and cupped her left ass cheek with her hand.
"Yeah, doesn't her ass look great in this?" Hannah added.
"Yeah, it does," the guy said. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. Madison turned around, smiling, and pulled the shorts on. They were laced together at the sides, and Hannah wasted no time sliding her fingers through the laces, letting the guy watch.
"Feels good, too," Hannah said. She smiled at Madison. "Want to give him a little show?" Hannah asked her friend. Madison nodded. She felt Hannah's fingertips at her sides, feeling her tight, toned body, teasing her by touching her skin lightly. Hannah leaned in and placed her lips on Madison's. Madison, clad in a bikini and shorts, opened her mouth and kissed Hannah passionately.
"Thanks, babe," Madison said, smiling at her friend. "Now I'm never going to be able to finish my shift! But you have always been an amazing kisser."
"Wow," The guy said, watching the show. "You girls are just - you're awesome."
"Thanks," Hannah said. "Well, Madison, you've just got one more thing to put on, right?" Madison nodded and pulled the skimpy top on over her head. She walked toward the back of the store and then back to where Hannah and the guy stood, as if she were on a runway.
"Here, touch me," Madison told the guy. She reached out and took his hand and placed it on her stomach. She was so horny it was crazy. She longed to feel his touch, to feel his tongue in her mouth and feel his hands take her, holding her, gripping her body tightly. She wanted him to explore her body, to finger her holes, to ultimately use her for his pleasure. As he touched her skin, she knew she craved him.
"Come in to the fitting room with me," she said. "I'll show you how much of a slut I really am."
"But, my girlfriend, I - she'd kill me!"
"I promise not to tell if you don't," Madison said flirtatiously. She smiled at him. "By the way, what do you think of the outfit?" She asked.
"It looks great on you. It's going to look great on her, too. But I'm sorry - look, I really have to go. Can you take it off please?"
"I thought you'd never ask," she said, "but you really need to stay." She pulled her top off and dropped her shorts, handing them to the guy. She then pulled down the bikini bottoms and handed them to him also. After she did this, she touched her pussy lightly. "Mmmmm, so wet," she said. "I need some cock to fill me up."
The guy shook his head and smiled. He stretched out his hand to ask for Madison's bikini top, which she was all too happy to hand over to the guy. "Look," he said. "You're beautiful, and sexy, and I want you so badly. But so is my girlfriend, and I'm going to propose to her on this trip, and she's - it just wouldn't be right."
"Okay," Madison said, disappointed. I guess I'll have to wait until after work and have sex with Hannah instead."
"Oh god," the guy said. "The thought of you and her, god - that is so hot!"
"I know. I've just always wanted to suck off a customer during my shift, you know?"
"Oh, I just - Okay, that's just too hot. Come on," he said. He took her, still nude, and led her to the fitting room while Hannah finally turned off the camera and, because she was now the only employee on the sales floor, went back behind the counter. She did touch herself a little as she thought about what Madison was up to.
"Can I show you how much of a dirty little slut I am?" Madison asked him. "Please?"
"Yes, oh, god, how slutty are you?" He asked as she unbuttoned and unzipped his shorts.
"Slutty enough to suck off a customer in the fitting room," she replied. She took his already hardening cock into her mouth. "Mmmmmm," she moaned as she sucked him. "Did you like how I looked in the outfit you picked out?" She asked.
"Oh, god yes," he moaned. "So hot, taking off your clothes right there in the middle of the store, you - you slut - you were dressed like a slut when I walked in, I wanted your slutty ass body!" She forced her own head down over his cock as he narrated their time together, telling her all the sexy things she had done.
"Talk dirty to me, please," she said. "Like, degrade me. Tell me how much of a dumb little slut I am."
"Ohhhh, you nasty little piece of ass," come here," he said. He thrust his cock deep into her mouth, and she looked him in the eye while he used her. "What would your boss say if he knew you were stripping, slutting around, letting guys grope you, modeling — what would he do if he knew you were taking customers into the fitting room and sucking them off on the job? You nasty little slut!"
"He'd come in and tell me he's next," Madison said without skipping a beat. "How do you think I got this job? They weren't even hiring!"
"Really?" Asked the surprised guy. "You are so fucking hot you little slut. Did you let him fuck you? Did you take his cock to get the job?"
"Sure did," she admitted. She knew he was into it. She knew he thought she was a slut, and she knew the dirty talk was turning both of them on. "And here I am, sucking off a random customer in the fitting room. You're going to blow your load in my mouth, aren't you?"
He thrust his cock deep inside of her. Clearly the slut wanted it. "Ohhhhh, yes, you little slut. Are you going to swallow?"
"I always do," she said with a smile. It was all he needed to hear. He grabbed her head and thrust his dick deeper into her mouth. It had moved beyond a sensual blowjob to him using her mouth for his pleasure, and despite the fact that he suddenly became much rougher, she truly loved the way she was treated.
She moaned as he thrusted. "Ohhh, you filthy, dirty little cum slut!" He said. "Suck my cock, yes! Take it baby, take it, slut! I'm going to cum, I'm going to - ohhhhh!"
With that, the guy blew his load into the back of Madison's throat. She eagerly sucked his shaft. She sucked and sucked until all the white liquid was spent and resting in her mouth. She opened to show it to him before she closed her mouth and swallowed it down.
"Wow, that was hot! Thanks for being -"
"Such a slut?" Madison replied. "I should be thanking you for giving me your cum!"
"You know what would be really hot?"
"What?"
"If you - instead of swallowing - if I had given you a facial and you finished your shift with my cum all over your face.
"Ooohhh, that's a really good idea. And maybe if anyone asked what it was I'd have to tell them. And ask if they wanted to contribute!"
"You really are a little slut, aren't you?"
"Sure am," Madison said smiling. "And hey - if you want to come back sometime when I'm working, and give me a quick facial - I'll let you. No promises on wearing it all day but I will do it for a little bit."
"Wow," The guy said. "Yeah, just tell me your schedule and I'll be back." Madison opened the door to the fitting room. Hannah, being the good friend that she was, had tossed Madison's skirt and top near the door, and Madison didn't waste any time putting them on before joining the guy near the counter while Hannah rung him up.
"So, just curious - what was better, this outfit or the one I tried on for you?"
"This one," the guy said. He reached out and touched her midriff. She smiled and licked her lips. She really felt like a slut for sucking off a customer whose name she didn't even know.
"So was it good?" Hannah asked.
"Yeah, it was awesome," Madison replied.
"Did you - you know?" Hannah asked.
"No, I just let him cum in my throat and swallowed it. Do you - do you think I was too much of a slut?"
"No, babe, you were awesome. God, you are so sexy. You deserved that. And now I'm going to make sure you enjoy yourself before we lock up tonight."
The rest of their shift, Madison and Hannah found ways to subtly tease each other - from a slight touch when a customer looked away, to a flash or an outright grope when they moved to the other side of the store. Finally nine o'clock came and the girls rolled down the garage door looking metal doors at the front of the store and locked them.
The girls continued to work for a few minutes, shutting down the cash registers and tidying up. The lights were dimmed, but not off, when Hannah surprised Madison at the counter by approaching her from behind and placing a hand on her thigh.
"Hey babe," she began.
"Hey there," Madison replied, all too eager to feel Hannah's hands on her body.
"You look so hot today," she said as she spun Madison around and began to caress the right side of her exposed midriff with her left hand. "I just - you know - thought you should know."
"Are you trying to seduce me?" Madison asked playfully.
"Is it working?"
"Maybe," Madison said playfully.
"You know I was a little jealous today. I wanted that to be me in there - in the fitting room with you. Or at least I wish I could have joined you."
"I wanted that too," Madison replied. At that point Hannah moved closer, pressing her lips to Madison's, parting them, her tongue finding its way into Madison's mouth and flicking against her tongue. Madison wrapped her arms around Hannah and opened her mouth and let her in. The girls kissed passionately, and when the kiss finally came to an end, Hannah ran her fingers through Madison's hair.
"I still can't believe you," She said to Madison. "Wearing that ridiculous outfit, sucking dick in the fitting room, stripping on the sales floor. It's just so sexy. This is so sexy," she said, pointing to Madison's outfit.
"Thanks," Madison said. "I should dress you up in something just as revealing."
"I have a better idea," said Hannah. "Why don't we both just take our clothes off. We could have a lot of fun in here now that we're all alone." Looking around, Madison realized that she had a point. There was nobody else at the store, and it would be very exciting to just take her clothes off right there.
"Let's start with you, then," said Madison. She sat down on a round table with stacks of clothing on it. Hannah put down a handful of clothes and walked over to where Madison sat. She leaned forward over her friend, and placed her left hand near Madison's knee and her right hand near her neck as she locked lips with the girl in front of her.
The girls shared an incredible kiss, moaning passionately and feeling each other with their tongues. Hannah moved her right hand from Madison's neck to her thigh, and slowly inched it up, up until she touched Madison's pussy. Madison eagerly spread her legs and accepted Hannah's advance. "Ohhhh, yes, touch me - touch me like the little slut I am!" Madison moaned.
Madison reached for the bottom hem of Hannah's top and quickly pulled it over her head, leaving her friend in a light pink lace push-up bra. Hannah turned around, grinding her ass, clad in high-waisted shorts, against Madison's body.
"Here, you sit down there," Madison said. Hannah did, and Madison returned the favor. She hiked up her skirt and ground her bare ass against Hannah's stomach and into her crotch as she sat back and enjoyed the show. Madison turned around and kissed Hannah again as she unbuttoned Hannah's shorts. Hannah tugged on Madison's skirt, which fell to the floor as soon as Madison backed up.
Madison then grabbed her top and quickly ripped it off, unable to control herself. She leaned in and kissed Hannah again as she unclasped her bra from behind, tossing it aside. She then knelt, submissively, and began licking Hannah's feet. She might have even been doing it more passionately now that they were alone.
"Ohhhhh, you like being my dirty little foot slut?" Hannah asked.
"Mmmhmmm," Madison moaned as she took a larger than necessary portion of Hannah's foot into her mouth, starting with the toes. "I love sucking your feet, baby."
"You really are a nasty little bitch, aren't you?" Hannah said with a smile as she pulled down her shorts.
"I'm such a little slut," said Madison. She held Hannah's foot as she repositioned herself on the floor. As Hannah relaxed, she saw Madison guide her foot down, down near her pussy. As soon as it was there, Hannah was shocked to see her pig toe disappear inside Madison's wet hole.
"Mmmm," Madison moaned. Hannah pressed her toe in a little more.
"I still can't believe everything you did today," Hannah commented to her friend.
"Me either," Madison admitted. "But I liked it. And now I want to eat your pussy right here in the middle of the store." As she spoke, Hannah pulled her foot away from Madison and Madison pushed Hannah back into a stack of clothes. "I'll be your dirty little slut," she said before lightly grazing Hannah's pussy with her tongue.
"Ohhhhh, yes, eat my pussy!" Hannah moaned. Madison didn't need to be told twice. She greedily ran her tongue up and down her friend's swollen cunt before stopping to suck her clit until it was erect. "Ohhhh, Madison! You nasty little slut eating me out at work!" Madison didn't respond. She felt Hannah's legs start to shake as she reached one hand up and began to caress her breasts.
"I want to be a slut for you. I'll do whatever you want," Madison said to Hannah. And she really meant it. She slowly plunged two, and then three, fingers into Hannah's wet pussy, eating her out the whole time. Hannah grabbed Madison's head and pressed her face farther into her cunt. Madison just moaned and licked and sucked harder. Nothing quite turned her on like the way Hannah used her mouth.
"Ohhh, yes you dirty little fucking slut!" Hannah moaned. She bucked her hips, grinding her wet, sloppy pussy on Madison's face, chin and nose. "You love the way I treat you rough, don't you? You love the way I grind my pussy on your face, don't you?"
"Mmmhmmm," Madison moaned. "Mmhmmm."
"Good, you little slut, I'm- I'm- I'm going to cum! Ohhhhh, Madison you fucking slut!" She exploded into orgasm, showering Madison's face with her juices as she pressed Madison's face into her pussy with all her might.
But Madison wasn't done. She pushed Hannah's legs back and pressed her tongue between Hannah's ass cheeks. Hannah's legs immediately began to shake again, in disbelief at the level of debauchery Madison displayed.
"Oh! Oh! Eat my ass! I'm going to cum again you little slut, I'm going to - ohhhh!" Hannah moaned again and had another thunderous, shuddering orgasm. Madison pushed her back again until she was completely lying on the rack of clothes and crawled up next to her, caressing her body as she did. She knew Hannah would repay the favor as soon as she was able.
Hannah began by giving Madison a deep, passionate kiss. It didn't matter where her tongue had been, Hannah needed it on her mouth, flicking across her lips. Hannah caressed Madison's body, feeling her midriff and cupping her breasts. She could feel Madison's nipples becoming rock hard in her hands as she touched her friend's body.
Soon, Hannah's hands were touching Madison's nipples, and Madison began to moan as the touching turned to caressing and then to pinching.
"Does it hurt when I pinch your nipples?" Hannah asked.
"A little. But I like it. Pinch me harder, babe," Madison replied. Hannah complied, eliciting an "ooooooohhhh, yes!" response from Madison.
"I like the way you wrote slut on your tits," Hannah told her friend. "So hot!" Madison just moaned in response. "You know what would be even hotter? Doing it somewhere where you couldn't cover it up and walking around like that."
"Oh, for sure. Do it, Hannah. Write something on me and I'll wear it home." Madison waited while Hannah retrieved a black marker. She took off the cap and wrote "whore" in big letters, right across Madison's midriff, the "o" encircling her stomach.
"There," Hannah said. "It says whore."
"Mmmm, I am a white for sure," Madison said.
"How much baby?" Hannah asked playfully.
"What to you think?" Madison asked. "Maybe a couple hundred? Five hundred?"
"I think you're a cheap little whore," Hannah replied. "You just sucked off a complete stranger for free earlier. And besides, isn't it hotter to be a cheap whore? Having to fuck ten times as many guys just to pay your rent? I think you're a twenty dollar whore." Hannah knelt and started eating Madison's pussy.
"Ohhhh, I'd love to sell myself cheap like that," Madison said. "Maybe twenty dollars is too much for a nasty whore like me. I'm only worth ten."
"I'm only paying five."
"Oh, God that's hot. I'm such a slut I'm selling it for five dollars! I have to fuck twenty times a day just to pay my bills! And you - you're eating a five dollar whore's pussy!"
"I am," Hannah replied. "And it's delicious. Probably because of all the sex, the sweat, the cum - mmmmm!" Hannah had an idea. She picked up a hanger lying next to the table and stood up, snapping the clips over Madison's nipples. She then returned to her position kneeling on the floor at Madison's pussy, and started to tug on the hanger as she ate her friend's pussy.
"Oh god, Hannah, that feels amaz - amazing!" Madison moaned loudly.
"Does it hurt?"
"Yes, it - pull it, make it hurt more! God that - it feels so - my tits - do it, ohhhhh, God! Ouch, God, please - ow!" She moaned. Hannah pulled harder, shoving her tongue into Madison's pussy and sucking on her clit.
"Oh, yes! Please! I'm so - I'm going to - yes - I'm a slut - I'm such a slut - I'm a five dollar whore!" Madison grabbed the hanger and pulled it hard, much harder than Hannah dared to pull.
"Oh god, yes! Fuck me! I'm a sluttttt!" She screamed out, pulling on he hanger hard enough that it snapped off her breasts, pulling her tender breasts ferociously in the process. At that exact moment, she burst into orgasm, flooding Hannah's face with her juices and dropping the hanger, hanging onto Hannah's head, riding her face to a thundering orgasm.
The girls shared another passionate kiss before they cleaned up their mess and left for the night. Madison walked out of the building with "whore" on her stomach for all to see - except there weren't many people around because the mall was closed. A security guard did give her a funny look, and then after that, she was only worried about getting stopped by the police during her drive home - because she wasn't sure how she was going to explain that she wasn't an actual whore.
She looked down at he words on her stomach for a while before eventually deciding to pull her top down, expose her tits, and be the best slut she could be. When she reached her apartment, luckily, her roommate was nowhere to be found, as usual, and all Madison had to do was to send the video to her blackmailer and wait for further instruction.