ELSIE
by Musings of Pan
I met Elsie at a social gathering for singles. Elsie was functionally on her own because her husband was in a nursing home with dementia. He did not know her when she visited. Both being on our own we teamed up. I would do light maintenance for her. Replace a faucet washer, fix a storm door, add a stair railing. That sort of thing. She would cook a dinner, some cleaning where I did not think to do, help with picking out shirts and ties, and that sort of thing. Both of us enjoyed going out to plays, restaurants and community events and it was much more fun to do that together. I can't say we were in love, more comfortable companions.
Elsie is a cheerful energetic woman, the type who does not walk into a room, she bounces into it. Not beautiful, but good to look at. She is short and plump though I would never tell her that. Breasts large enough to compliment the package and a cute round bottom. Most of the time I see her in shorts or slacks and a plain top but on occasion she dresses up nice.
One evening after I had painted a room for her and she had prepared a wonderful dinner (pot roast) I was helping her put things away in her kitchen. She was standing on a low stool putting something in her upper cabinet when out of the corner of my eye I saw her slip and start to fall. Fortunately I still have pretty quick reactions so I turned and grabbed her. I broke most of her fall but we both ended up on the kitchen floor.
It was then that I realized that my grasp of her body included my right hand firmly on her left breast. We just lay there like that for a minute or two while we caught our breaths. I said I was sorry as I released her breast. She smiled and told me not to worry that it was nice. With that she rubbed her bottom against me.
After we were up she refilled our wine glasses and we went into her sitting room for the talk that both of us knew was coming. She sat on the sofa and patted the spot next to her when I had started for the chair I usually used. I said, "Elsie, I am fond of you and we are a great team together so I don't want to spoil our relationship. However I think you know that while we fill most of each others needs there is one need that is not being filled."
She smiled, picked up both of my hands and placed them on her breasts. "I know all about that need and feel it myself. We can play around a little but as long as Jim is alive I cannot go all the way with you. That would be cheating."
We discussed her rules while I sat there fondling her breasts through her shirt and bra. It turned out that she was fine with anything except my penis in her vagina. I pointed out that this left a lot of room for play. And so began our adventure to discover how much sex we could have without penis in vagina.
Elsie then told me, "Since we are being totally honest with each other there is something I have wanted to do for a long time. If you like, I would like to do a strip tease for you." I told her that would be a great way to start.
She put on some music and stood in front of me. She was slowly dancing to the music, smiling as she unbuttoned her shirt. With a flip she tossed it aside. Her bra was barely able to contain her breasts as she moved. She was enjoying herself and I was enjoying her.
Then she reached down and took the hem of her skirt moving it from side to side as she gradually lifted it higher. I was staring as her white lace panties came into view. She held her skirt high as she turned around and showed me a fine round bottom. After a bit she dropped the skirt and unzipped it so it would fall to the floor.
The bra was next and exposed beautiful firm breasts with large areolae and standing nipples. They swayed enticingly as she danced. When her panties came down I saw that she had shaved and her split was facing me. It was a fascinating picture. She turned all the way around and I clapped. "You are beautiful doing a strip," I said.
She came over to me and with one leg on each side of my legs, sat on my knees. I placed my hand between her open legs on her vulva. She whispered, "You can look and you can touch but you can't fuck."
"What about finger fuck?" I asked.
She thought a moment and than said she guessed that would be alright. So I put a finger in her and wiggled it around. By the way she squirmed and hugged me it must have felt good.
Elsie got up so I could take may clothes off. Then took my cock and stroked it. She licked it and then put her mouth around it. I hadn't had sex for a long time and knew I wouldn't last long. I warned her I was about to cum but she just kept going. She took it in her mouth and then reached for a tissue to spit it into.
I told her it was my turn so she sat down with her legs apart. I knelt between her legs and started exploring her pussy with my tongue. Softly on the outside of her lips at first and then between them to her hard clit. Then I worked two fingers in and out of her vagina as I sucked on her clit. She started bucking her pussy into my face and holding my head with her hands. Her vagina was clenching as she came. I sat up and kissed her.
"I needed that." she told me.
Two days later, Elsie came over to my place and cooked dinner. After dinner I said, "Now, I have something for you."
I lead her into my bedroom where I had placed a large beach towel on the bed. I asked her to take off her clothes and lay on her stomach while I heated some oil and took off my clothes. I put some oil on my hands and started massaging her shoulders. I could feel her relaxing as I rubbed down her back and up her sides touching the sides of her breasts. I took extra care on her ass and even strayed into her crack. For her legs I started with a foot and worked my way up opening her legs as I went until I brushed her split. "Oh, that is nice," she said.
When I asked, she rolled over on her back right away. Again I started with her shoulders and worked down. "For the rest you will need something to hold onto," I told her as I placed her hand around my cock. I started around the outside of her left breast gently circling inward until I was on her nipple. Then I took her now hard nipple and gently twisted and pulled with my fingers. I did the same with her right breast.
Down her stomach I rubbed in the oil and around her pussy to her legs which I opened and massaged. Finally I stroked up her labia with an extra circle over her clit. As I progressed her hand around my cock was getting more active. I stroked between her lips from vagina to clit and back starting slowly and getting faster. She was panting hard until she pushed her pussy hard against my hand and trembled. "Thank you," she said.
I lay down next to her and she leaned over me rubbing her oily breasts all over my front. She started on my face and worked her way down. When she had finished that she held my cock between her breasts and tit fucked me until I came. We went to sleep in each others arms.
In the coming days we spent a lot of time together in each other's homes. We never discussed it but it just came about that most of the time we were naked. Coming into Elsie's home if she was naked, I would strip and the same for her. I got some great looks at that beautiful cunt of hers when she was bending over to get something from a low shelf. And I believe she was enjoying the views of me she got.
One afternoon I was laying on the sofa in my home when Elsie came in. She looked at me and pulled her t-shirt over her head. Next her bra and then shorts and panties. When she was naked, without saying anything she walked up to me and climbed on the sofa with one knee on either side of my head. She sat that way for a moment giving me time to look. Then she leaned forward, took my dick in her hand and started licking it. With her pussy directly in front of me, I started to lick it. I felt her mouth around my dick as I licked faster. It took awhile for us to cum in this 69 position but it was worth every minute of it.
We spent many evenings together at her place or mine watching TV or a movie. Our favorite way to watch was sitting close together on a sofa with my hand between her legs fingering her and hers jacking my dick. We did it slowly without trying to make each other cum until the program was over. It is great entertainment.