Mike looks over the back yard and nods in satisfaction. Once Patsy had left the kitchen the boys quickly came up with a plan to get another shot at tickling her. Knowing it was a hot sunny day it was only a matter of time before she decided to go lay in the sun.
It was the matter of minutes to replace the new loungers with the old ones from the garage. Where the new ones were a solid weave, the old ones were wide strips of nylon netting easily lowered by lifting the arm rests. Those wide strips being part of Mikes plan.
He could tell from Patsy's reaction to his knock on the door that he had interrupted a bit of personal time, a thought that he had to admit was just perfect. He could hear her moaning through the door before he knocked, hoping to cut her off at just the right time. Judging from her angry response he had timed it perfectly.
The chairs were arranged on the deck, the large umbrella open across from the barbeque to keep them all shaded. Music played loudly from the speakers as the four sat in a half circle on the deck, trying not to be obviously waiting for anything. Patsy's lounger was already laid out on the ground, just to the side of where they were all sitting. Not wanting to make things to obvious that it was set up so they could all watch her Mike smiled thinking even Patsy would pick this up.
"So what do you think?" Steve asks from Mikes left with a tone of frustration.
Being a redhead Steve avoided the sun whenever he could so quite happily parked himself under the umbrella with a clear view to Patsy's lounge chair. If she came out. "Think she is coming?"
"Geez guys relax will you," Mark says laughing. "May have been a one-time thing you know. One of those things that just happen then poof." His hands mimic an explosion while his hands drift apart with fingers wiggling.
"Fuck I hope not," Evan says across from Mark. After being up half the night online he was aching for something to happen.
The patio door opens as Evan is speaking and the boys all turn expectantly and are not disappointed. Patsy steps out barefoot wearing a white floral pattern spaghetti strap sundress and her classic large sunglasses. Glancing their way without saying anything she quickly finds her lounger set up off the deck and perfectly in line of them. She looks back and shakes her head sadly before walking toward it.
Mike is all but shaking as she takes the bait. Yes! Their plan was coming together perfectly.
So this was their game was it? Patsy looks around the back yard quickly spotting the old lounge chair at the foot of the stairs off the deck. Below the fence line it was actually the perfect spot for some back yard showing off. Unless you wanted the neighbors watching.
With a dramatic sigh she walks past them, carefully stepping onto the hot patio stones at the base of the wooden deck. Setting down her sunscreen and a drink she gives a slow arms high stretch before quickly pulling her sun dress off and laying it across the top of the chair. She smiles as they boys go quiet behind her, feeling their eyes on her blue bikini bottoms and bubble butt.
Sitting facing them she picks up her sun screen and starts spraying it along her arms. Rubbing it in would be a bit too obvious she figures but makes a show of spraying along her chest and belly. Stretching her short legs out one at a time she covers both sides and her feet. Finally she cleans her glasses off with the sun shirt, the boys giggling at her look of annoyance with the speckles on her sunglasses.
Watching Patsy spray herself was the best thing all day. The boys all exchanged looks smiling. The spray lotion makes a mist about her, making her soft skin look slick and glisten in the sun. Chatting animatedly while watching the show they wait until she lays back on the chair. Before long she does just that her short legs stretched out before her and crossing her hands behind her head.
Steve turns the music a bit louder and they wait a few minutes before they carefully get out of the deck chairs and creep to the far side of the deck. Moving stealthily Mark carefully slips behind the chair and moving quickly grabs hold of her arms, pinning them against the top of the chair.
"AAHH! What the fuck!" Patsy yells out surprised to have her arms suddenly locked under Marks strong grip.
"Go!" Mark says loudly while holding her upper body down while her feet start kicking. She twists to the side but Evan, bouncing from the steps like a manic rabbit, drops his body over both her thighs. With Steve right behind him they slip her kicking feet into the spaces between the straps to hold them in place. Once she is secured Evan immediately starts stroking the top of her feet laughing along with her while she struggles to break free.
Steve, not to be outdone takes a moment to admire the vision before him before starting on her belly, fingers digging into her sides and the top of her hips. She tries bucking away but with his hands on her hips she is helpless under his fingers.
Patsy tries rolling away, already breathless under the tickle attack. Those bastards! She figured she would have a few more minutes of teasing before they came at her! She tries kicking again but Evan and Steve have her feet in the webbing, Evan now tickling her thighs into spasms. Thrashing her head back and forth she sees Mike walk up beside her, pulling her dress out from behind her head.
"Told you there was no escape Sis."
"Let me go!" she says laughing as Steve finds a new sensitive spot on her belly.
"In a few minutes maybe. Little payback for making us lose the tournament yesterday first."
Mark manages to slip her arms over the end of the chair, holding them in place by leaning forward.
"Tickle, tickle" he says as his fingers start brushing the underside of her arms. His eyes on her swaying breasts he quickly finds her armpits, enjoying the view bouncing in front of him.
"Little something to help you along," Mike says quietly. He takes her sunglasses off and carefully arranges the sundress over her eyes.
"Wait, what!" Patsy cries out. Her vision suddenly blocked, the sensations seem to intensify. She gasps as a hand brushes her bikini bottom, fingers poking along then slipping under the hem. The feelings of excitement all but overloading her mind, each tickle becoming more exciting.
Other hands flicker across her chest, her nipples suddenly rock hard under her bikini top. Hands at her armpits, Marks she wonders passingly, shift to start tickling her breasts. Pushing them together and jiggling them back and forth before moving back to her armpits.
Mike stands back watching Patsy writhe on the chair afraid to blink and miss anything. Watching his sister laughing like crazy but obviously getting off keeping him spellbound. This was better than anything he had seen online and knowing she was enjoying it making the whole scene that much better. Steve and Evan drag their fingers up both legs, slowing their tickling for the moment as she catches her breath but their hands still caressing the smooth skin. Evan's hand reaches up and brushes her pussy, a look of surprise on his face as she pushes against his hand. Looking at Mike and seeing the shrug, he pushes again his mouth dropping open in excitement as she moves against it.
Mark slips his fingers under her top, slowly flicking her nipples. Patsy arches her back, a low moan replacing the laughter. Her skin flushed, Steve continues to play on her belly, wiggling a finger in her navel while Evan rubs her bikini bottom again. Caught in the moment Steve's hand slips under the top of her bikini bottoms, opening her as both their fingers tease her clitoris.
"Um, guys," Mike says hesitantly, "guys this wasn't the plan."
As he steps forward Patsy stiffens on the chair, her legs pressing close and locking Evans and Steve's hands between her legs. A sharp breath as she pulls against Mark, her body quivering under his fingers now quickly teasing her nipples.
"Oh fuck!" Mike breaths in shock.
His friends continue molesting Patsy as her orgasm takes her. Her body already so sensitive from the teasing at the gym then being interrupted in her room she was ready to explode when she came outside. Her rapid breathing and loud moan of intense pleasure all but drowning out the music playing in the background.
After a long moment she collapses against the chair, exhausted but finally getting the release she had been looking for all day. The boys lean back unsure what to do, staring at Mike. His mind racing, Mike feels a moment of panic. This was so not the plan!
Catching her breath Patsy suddenly she starts pulling manically at her feet, struggling to tear them free form the mesh.
"Let me up!" she roars, violently pulling away. Mark sits back to free her arms and she sits up, throwing the sundress aside. Pulling her legs free she falls off the chair, pushing Evan away as she struggles to get back up from the patio stones.
"Patsy wait!" Mike says stepping around the chair, "We're sorry Patsy really!"
"Go away!" She runs up the steps and into the house all but ripping the door off its hinges on the way by.
"Patsy! Patsy!" Mike says to her back as she runs inside.
"Oh fuck man, sorry." Mark says rolling to his feet.
"Really Mike, we didn't plan that!" Steve says quickly," She starting moving along with it and..." Steve's voice trails off. "Ok I'm sorry but that was fucking amazing." Steve finishes with a chuckle.
"Sorry man, you think she's going to be mad? I mean she did have a happy ending and all?" Evan says standing up.
Mark shakes his head looking at Evan sadly, "Idiot. Anyway Mike listen, she is probably just embarrassed and mad. Just lay low a bit and out of her sight."
Mike is holding his face with his hands, head slowly shaking back and forth. She's going to kill me, he is thinking. I'm a dead man. At the same time he couldn't help but notice she was obviously enjoying the tickling right to the end. He also had to admit he had been too.
"Ok. Yeah let's just get out of here for a bit and let her cool down before she comes back with a knife or something."
Patsy slammed her bedroom door shut then leaned back against the cool wood.
"Oh my fuck," she mutters as her mind was racing. Embarrassment and humiliation with having an orgasm like that in front of Mike's friends burned inside her. By no means a virgin she had never been so out of control with it.
Hearing the boys entering the house she listened intently as they seemed to gather their stuff and head out to Marks truck. She smiles half-heartedly as she imagines how frustrated they must be at the moment, watching her get off and being left hanging. She moves to glance out the window seeing even Mike was running away for now. Feelings of humiliation slowly seep away replaced by the usual teasing exhibitionist.
Stepping back she pulls her comforter aside and drops on the bed, not caring about sun screen on the sheets. Staring at the ceiling her mind is racing. Hard to admit she didn't enjoy it she realized, her nipples tightening at the memory of the tickles with the teasing caresses.