Holding my shoes and small clutch bag, I was virtually frogmarched towards the hotel lifts by Ted and Colin, with the others trailing behind. We entered the lift along with a respectable looking elderly couple who looked at me with disdain as I was wedged tightly between the two men. I followed their astonished stares downwards and saw that the arms of my two male companions encircling my waist had caused my tiny dress to rise up, exposing even more of my unadorned thighs. Their disapproving attitude had the effect only to give me a bout of the giggles.
The lift doors opened on the 6th floor, and just at that moment my mobile phone began to ring. I quickly retrieved it from my bag and my heart jumped a beat as I saw that the caller was my husband, Michael.
'It's probably your mum wondering where you are,' said Ted mischievously as we stepped out of the lift. This produced further disgusted looks and tutting noises from the old couple and I quickly attempted to retrieve the situation hoping that they didn't get the wrong idea.
'Look, I'm 23 and it's my husband not my mum.'
I managed to disentangle myself from Ted and Colin and made a dash down the corridor for some privacy but not before I heard the old lady mutter: 'Then you should be ashamed of yourself dear,' and at that moment 'ashamed' was exactly how I was feeling.
'Don't be long blondie, we've got plans for you. We're in room 612.' I heard Ted shout as I hurried away.
At the end of the corridor a door led to the stairwell, which I entered before answering the call. After the warm carpeting of the hotel, the stone floor was cold and hard on my bare feet. I nervously hoped that my voice would appear as normal as possible, even though I was out of breath in my haste to get away from Ted and the others.
'Darling...it's nearly midnight. Is everything OK?'
'Sorry. Yes Luce...it's just that I'm missing you so much and I just wanted to hear your voice. To tell the truth I'm a bit upset that you seemed a bit angry with me earlier and I just wanted to make sure...you know...that we're OK.'
I felt a surge of guilt at these words from my ever-reasonable husband. You hypocritical bitch Lucy, I thought to myself. You have been behaving like the world's worst slut yet you had the gall to cover that up by accusing him of lusting after his boss. I felt my eyes fill with self-indulgent tears of guilt and shame.
'Of course we're OK darling. Don't take any notice of me, I was just being a bitch. To be honest, I wouldn't blame you if you fancied Susannah. She's tall, beautiful and sophisticated and obviously very clever. Next to her I feel like a silly little girl.'
'Don't put yourself down like that Luce. You're the sexiest girl in the whole world and I'm very lucky to have you. You know that I love only you don't you?'
These words just broke me up inside and I was overcome with remorse. I started to sob uncontrollably and I stumbled over my reply. 'I know you do. I'm so sorry...I'm a bitch...can't help myself...need to talk...,' I rambled on incoherently between racking sobs.
'Luce, darling, there's really no need to apologise for being jealous. It's all my fault for putting my job first and being away from you for so long.'
'No, you don't understand. I'm ashamed of myself...I...I've done things..' I was on the verge of confessing everything to my husband, but I couldn't control my sobs and I had to stop in mid-sentence. I quickly covered the phone with my hand to prevent Michael from hearing my distress.
I could hear Michael's worried voice down the phone asking me if I was all right. Not for the first time, my mind was in a total state of turmoil but I only had myself to blame. My only thought was to end my conversation with Michael and to give myself space to think. I quickly put the phone to my ear again and tried as best as I could to assure him that I was fine, but that I was very tired and over-emotional. I promised to phone him the following day so we could have a proper conversation. After seeking further assurances that I was all right, Michael reluctantly agreed and hung up.
Wiping the tears away with the back of my hand I glanced at my phone and noticed that I had two outstanding text messages. The first was from Uncle Ron: 'Are you missing me Juicy?' it simply said, although there was a picture attachment which I opened. As was typical of the old perv It was a close-up of his very erect penis with its ugly corded veins disgustingly visible down its shaft.
The second text was more intriguing and rather pleading. It was from Tracey, the young receptionist from the hotel in Manchester I recently visited. It said: 'Please please PLEASE call me as soon as you can. It's about my friend Christine. I'm sure you remember her!! Anyway, it's her birthday soon and I want to surprise her. I would love it if you could help me with this and I think I you would love it too!! PLEASE CALL and I will explain everything!!'
My mind drifted back to the truly wonderful massage I had received at the experienced hands of the mature woman, Christine, at the hotel and the promise I had made to her to return the favour in some way. I was intrigued and more than a little interested in resuming my acquaintance with the lovely Christine, so I made a mental note to call Tracey the following day after making my peace with Michael.
Still feeling overcome with guilt after my fraught phone conversation with my husband, I was in two minds as to what to do next - whether to join my new friends in Ted's room or do the sensible thing and return to my own room before I got myself into any more scrapes. While I stood there dithering I heard the sound of laughter and raised voices coming from below and realised there were people coming up the stairs.
In my present state I didn't want to be seen by anyone, so I turned to leave the stairwell but, in my haste, I stumbled and dropped my shoes and bag that I was still clutching. Cursing to myself, I bent down to retrieve them but soon realised that this was perhaps not a smart move given the diminutive nature of my dress and my lack of underwear.
'Fuck! Would you look at that sweet little fanny exposed for all the world to see,' uttered a deep voice from behind me. I stood quickly and turned to see three men, all I would guess in their forties or fifties, standing at the top of the stairs, sporting wide grins and with eyes nearly popping out of their skulls.
'Hey boys, it's the little blonde who was with old Ted's group,' said the oldest, a short, rotund man in a crumpled suit with thinning sandy hair. 'Fancy a nightcap up in my room sweetheart?' He added, pointing to a wine bottle he was holding.
'Yeah, c'mon princess we know you're up for it. Barefoot and no knickers just the way we like 'em,' said another of the men. He was probably the youngest of the three, early forties I would guess, He was a stereotypical car salesman type, wearing a flashy grey suit and an open-necked black shirt, revealing a hairy chest. He was clearly full of himself but without justification as far as I could see. He had heavily gelled dark hair that was swept back over his head, leaving a receding hairline and his pudgy face was flushed red, probably through too much alcohol.
'And she's wearing a slut-wife ankle bracelet too,' said the third man. He was tall, bespectacled and thin, with cropped grey hair, and a wisp of a moustache. He was the most respectable looking of the three, being neatly dressed in a conservative suit and striped tie.
I should, of course, have responded forcefully to their lewd comments and made a swift exit but I was struck dumb and stood rooted to the spot, my bag and shoes clutched tightly to my chest. The men were staring at me intently with looks of sheer lust on their faces. I realised with horror that this effect I had on them was turning me on and, as if to confirm this, I felt my nipples hardening beneath my skimpy dress.
The first man took a few steps towards me and I instinctively backed away from him. 'Don't go all coy on us now sweetheart. We all saw what a little tart you were earlier so don't play games.' He came a little closer and held out the bottle he was holding. 'Here, get some of this down you. It might loosen you up.'
I was still upset after my conversation with Michael but I felt other conflicting emotions as my body responded to the lustful stares of the men. At that moment in time I could think of nothing better than to have a large slug of wine to calm me down. And, shamefully, I wanted to see how the men would react to my apparent compliance. It felt so naughty and irresponsible but I was just loving the feeling of empowerment I had over these three drooling older men. They were lusting after me and that made me as horny as hell.
I smiled shyly, fluttered my eyelashes and gave them my best 'innocent girl' look. Emboldened, the man with the wine edged closer until he was inches away. I remained totally immobile, my tummy turning somersaults. Suddenly he reached out behind my head and grabbed a handful of my hair, making me squeal. He pulled until my head was tilted backwards and with his other hand pressed the bottle between my lips.
I dropped my shoes and bag and clung on to the bottle as the cool red liquid gushed down my throat, causing me to splutter and cough. As I did so, the wine splattered down my chin and neck and onto my dress.
'That's right love, take it all down,' I heard the man say as I gasped for air, 'it'll make you nice and relaxed. Then maybe you can show us those sweet little titties. Why don't you give us a little show eh? What do you say?'
'They're straining to get out Bill. Just look at those nips poking through,' said 'hairy chest' man, addressing the man who had approached me. I followed his gaze downwards. My nipples had indeed become hard and erect. So much so, that they were actually aching as they protruded through the thin material of my dress. I automatically crossed my arms over my chest in embarrassment which caused instant merriment at my predicament from the three men.
The man named Bill took a step forward and reached round behind my neck and instantly found the tie fastening of my dress which he tugged forcefully. I was in a daze and made no attempt to stop him. My arms were still pressed against my chest which prevented the halter neck from dropping and revealing my breasts.
'Take your arms away love, there's a good girl,' he ordered calmly. 'Here, give me your hand,' he added, extending his outstretched arm towards me slowly, his hand palm upwards.
'No...I mustn't...' I bleated half-heartedly. Bill chuckled. 'No I mustn't,' he mimicked my rather weak, pathetic voice, making the other men laugh.
Still holding out his hand, Bill's tone suddenly became more forceful. 'Your hand...now!'
At that moment I felt so turned on by the situation I found myself in that I found myself slowly reaching out my hand, at once revealing my right breast. There was an audible gasp from the men as Bill clasped my hand.
'Now your other hand love,' said Bill, who was clearly the ringleader of the three men.
I felt exposed and vulnerable but this only had the effect of making me even more horny. I just loved the effect I was having on these older men which I could see on the predatory looks on their faces. I could feel the inevitable lubrication building between my legs as my body responded in its natural way to my growing arousal. I was mesmerised and unable to stop myself giving a show to the men, my phone conversation with Michael completely forgotten.
Slowly my fingers relaxed their grip and, as instructed, I reached out my other hand for Bill to grip. As I did so, my other breast popped out from its hiding place. I cast my eyes down and realised I was now virtually naked apart from a narrow belt of dress material covering my upper thighs up to just below my navel.
Bill needed no further encouragement. Painfully gripping my wrists he pulled me towards him. My bare chest squashed against him as he released my hands and encircled my waist in a bear-like embrace. To my shame, I offered no resistance as his lips crushed mine, and I found myself opening my mouth and accepting his probing tongue. His breath reeked of alcohol and tobacco which I would normally find repellent but at that moment I didn't care and, if anything, it added to the dirtiness of the situation which turned me on even more.
I winced as the back of my right thigh was gripped firmly and then wrenched upwards leaving my leg dangling in the air. I barely managed to stay upright as I stood on tiptoe on my left leg. Bill's free hand then began exploring my exposed genital area, his fingers sliding up and down my well-lubricated labia. Pleasurable sensations washed through me and I gasped audibly, making his friends snigger.
My raised leg waved around like a rag doll's as Bill's fingers fucked me. The little bells on my anklet tinkled away sweetly with the movement, while my toes curled and uncurled in tempo with Bill's thrusting hand.
No doubt due to the sexual tension that had built during the day, my orgasm, when it arrived, was both explosive and long-lasting. I screamed uncontrollably and in the throes of the waves of pleasure that struck me I wrapped both my legs around Bill's waist. With my hands clasped around his neck I clung on to him tightly as my climax slowly subsided. Bill struggled to stay upright as I wriggled and ground my hips into his body. He staggered backwards but the other two men prevented the two of us from collapsing on the floor.
I extricated myself and dropped to my knees, panting with exhaustion. I could sense the three men surrounding me and looked up. They stared down at me with a mixture of awe and lust on their faces and I began to feel a little frightened of what was in store for me next.
'Fucking hell, Bill, you must have magic fingers mate,' said the tall, bespectacled man crudely. 'And she's creamed on you, the dirty little slut,' he added, pointing at a wet patch on the front of Bill's shirt, where my sopping pussy had ground into his belly.
As the men were laughing at these remarks, I suddenly became aware of movement behind us. Then, almost immediately, a loud female voice reverberated around the stairwell.
'Lucy! What's going on here? Are you OK?' I turned my head and saw the imposing figure of Sandy standing a few feet from us, hands on hips and a perplexed look on her face. Understandably so, as I must have presented a strange sight to her; on my knees wearing nothing but a tiny dress bunched up around my waist, surrounded by a group of ageing men.
'She just came like a train on my fingers, darlin', and loved it. So there's nothing to worry about here,' said Bill, laughing.
'Is that true Lucy?'
I looked down at the floor, embarrassed. 'Yes,' I mumbled
I suddenly felt a huge sense of disloyalty towards Sandy and her friends, especially Ted, who had befriended me and had been such good company that evening. I got to my feet and ran across to her.
'I'm so sorry, Sandy, I...well...I...,' I struggled to find the words to explain myself.
'Look, there's no need to apologise sweetheart. You're a grown up girl now. You can stay with these boys if that's what you want to do. It's a free country.'
'That's right darlin', do as your mum suggests and stay with us. You can stay too, mum, we don't mind,' said bespectacled man and the others sniggered their approval at his suggestion.
I was in a state of confusion. I must admit that part of me wanted to stay on that stairwell with the three older men and perhaps taken to one of their rooms. Disgusted with myself, I burst into tears again and clung tightly to Sandy, my arms wrapped tightly around her waist and my head buried against her shoulder. I thought again about my loving husband and what he would think of me and what he might do when he found out the truth about me; that his pretty little schoolteacher wife was in reality an unfaithful little slut. Feeling thoroughly sorry for myself I sobbed even more.
'Come on Lucy sweetheart, come with me. The others will be wondering where you've got to. We'll get you tidied up and maybe you might feel in a party mood again. What do you say?'
'Stay with us girlie, you know you want to. My friends here haven't had their turn yet!' exclaimed Bill. Without waiting for me to reply Sandy gripped my hand and forcefully pulled me away from the men, to their obvious consternation and vocal protestations. I had to stop myself from stumbling as I was led away and I just about had enough time to bend down and retrieve my discarded shoes and bag before I was ushered out of the door and back into the hotel corridor.
I could barely keep pace with Sandy as she marched me back to Ted's room and I hurriedly pulled at the two ends of my scrunched up dress with my free hand to cover myself again. From her demeanour I got the impression that Sandy was a little bit cross with me or at least disappointed.
'I'm so sorry Sandy,' I whimpered, 'I'll make it up to you I promise. Please don't be cross with me.'
'I'm not cross with you sweetie, just a bit shocked that's all. You looked like you'd been crying so I thought you needed rescuing. Seems I misread things.' I explained that I had been crying as a result of my phone call with Michael and my tears were nothing to do with my encounter with the three men.
With a genuine look of concern on her face, Sandy stopped and, holding both my hands in hers, she looked me in the eye and spoke gently to me. 'Look, Lucy, you are a gorgeous little thing and, much as I would like you to come with me back to Ted's room, you are clearly upset. I'm not sure you're in the right frame of mind for what our charming host has in mind. He's a bit of a dirty old dog, as I think you've probably gathered.'
I was certainly still upset about my strained conversation with Michael and I was now worried about what I would say to him tomorrow. In my distraught state I had dropped a bombshell and blurted out that I had 'done things.' He was bound to be milling this over in his mind and will ask me to elaborate on what I meant. However, my encounter with the three men on the stairwell had left me hornier than ever and I couldn't help thinking again about Ted at the swimming pool earlier in the day and the lewd sight of his engorged cock head poking above his swimming trunks as he spoke to me. Ugly and menacing, it reminded me of Uncle Ron's cock and I knew how that made me feel when it was inside me. Once more I capitulated to my base feelings.
'No, I'll be all right Sandy. I'll come back with you,' I replied.
'Are you sure?'
'Yes, I'm sure. You have all been very nice to me today and I've enjoyed myself. I feel I owe you something.'
Sandy's face lit up. 'That's my girl! Wow, you are a wild little thing. I wish I had your energy. I know Ted would've been very disappointed if you didn't go back. He's been like the cat who got the cream all day! You've also given my Colin a new lease of life, you bad, bad girl.'
'I'm not very presentable, though, just look at me.' I looked down with dismay at my creased, wine-stained dress. Worse still, I could feel my hair was in a mess, and that my eyes were red and makeup smudged from crying. My recently fingered pussy felt oozy and squidgy and there was dry crusted pussy juice on my inner thighs where I had gushed before and during my orgasm. And the soles of my feet were dirty from walking around barefoot.
'Don't worry sweetheart. You can get cleaned up in the room. Not sure we can do much about your dress though,' replied Sandy.
'You won't tell Ted or the others about what you saw just now, will you? Please!' I looked worryingly across at Sandy.
'Don't worry sweetie. Your naughty little secret is safe with me,' she replied, laughing.
I was greeted warmly with hugs and kisses from Ted and Colin as we entered Ted's room.
'We wondered where you'd got to lass. Is everything all right?' enquired Ted, with a slight smirk of triumph on his face. Before I could answer, Sandy intervened. 'She's fine Ted, nothing to worry about. She's upset over a phone call with her hubby that's all. She just wants to go to the bathroom and get tidied up.'
'OK lass. You run along and powder your nose. Don't be too long though will you, there's a good girl. We're all waiting to start games.'
Before I had a chance to ask what he meant I heard a groan from the room. I looked over Ted's shoulder and saw Angie standing there rolling her eyes and grimacing.
'Surely you're not going to submit the poor girl to those shenanigans Ted?' She said, then looked at me. 'Ted's games are slightly, shall we say, one-sided Lucy. He makes the rules up as he goes along, mostly in his favour.'
'Don't you listen to her, lass. I just like to win that's all. Nothing wrong with that. Anyway, I seem to remember you having quite a fun time when I won last year young Angie.' She didn't reply, but I detected a slight flush of embarrassment on her face, and her husband Dev put a sympathetic arm around her waist. At that moment, I had a sudden irrational rush of jealousy as I began to wonder whether Ted had fucked Angie. 'I'll show her who Ted wants,' I thought. I was determined to repay him for his kindness to me today and not let anyone distract him. But first I had to make myself look presentable as I was sure I was looking a real dishevelled mess.
Sandy took my shoes and clutch bag that I was still holding and showed me to the rather plush bathroom. She passed me her handbag which, she advised me helpfully, contained all the essential makeup items I might need and that I was welcome to use them. I thanked her and, with a conspiratorial wink she left me to it and closed the door.
I stripped off my dress, unclasped my anklet and stepped naked into the shower cubicle. The hot jets of water invigorated me as I soaped myself thoroughly, paying special attention to my pussy and bum, and shampooed and rinsed my hair.
I dried myself with a big fluffy white towel, dried my hair with a hairdryer and started work on my makeup, including repainting my toenails with a bright glossy red nail varnish. I then applied a body lotion from top to toe, which left my skin with an attractive sheen. When I had finished I inspected the finished article in the mirror. I was very satisfied with how I looked and felt sure that my new friends would too. They had been really kind to me and fun to be with and I really wanted to please them.
Although it was now well past midnight, the shower had refreshed me and I no longer felt tired, or grubby and unkempt. I was also, predictably, hungry for more fun and I found my hand straying over my naked body. My fingertips flicked my nipples lightly making them harden to the touch. As I became more aroused, one hand slid downward to explore between my legs.
My movements were abruptly curtailed, to my dismay, by a loud rapping on the bathroom door and Ted's booming voice. 'What are you doing in there blondie. You've been ages. We're all waiting for you.'
'Err...sorry Ted,' I replied sheepishly, 'I'm just coming.'
'Control yourself lass. Can't you leave that until later?' Ted laughed uproariously at his own joke and I could hear the others in the room joining in. I stifled a giggle when I realised how my words could be misinterpreted and quickly retrieved my crumpled dress from the floor and slipped it on.
My little dress that looked so pretty earlier was now ruined, but as it was my only garment I had no choice but to wear it. In fact, looking at myself for a final time in the mirror, I thought the contrast with my newly clean and scrubbed body was a surprisingly sexy look.
The earlier emboldening effect of my alcohol consumption had worn off and I felt nervous as I came out of the bathroom not knowing quite what I had let myself in for. I took a few tentative steps into the room and halted as I was met with loud cheers from the group. I felt very exposed as I faced their stares, standing barefoot before them wearing just my tiny black dress and my silver anklet.
'Here she is at last and pretty as a picture. Don't just stand there lass, come and join us and we'll crack open a bottle of bubbly to celebrate,' said Ted beckoning me into the room. It was large in comparison with my own, with a huge bed as its centrepiece and two large comfortable looking sofas where the other two couples were sitting. It must have been one of the more expensive rooms in the hotel.
Ted seemed full of himself and very animated as he strolled across to a room service trolley upon which was an ice bucket containing a bottle of what looked like champagne, and some glasses. The bottle was huge - it must have been double the size of a normal bottle - and probably cost an arm and a leg, knowing hotel prices. I thought to myself that this ostentatious show was typical of the conceited and cocksure man that Ted was.
I studied him closely as he opened the bottle and filled the glasses. What on earth was I doing here with this elderly man, with his fleshy belly protruding over the top of his trousers and his shirt unbuttoned nearly to his waist showing off the ridiculous chain and medallion nestled in his hairy chest. He obviously thought he was the bees knees, but he looked to me like an escapee from the 1970s.
Ted had a broad grin on his face as he handed me a full glass. He stared at me from head to toe making me feel uncomfortable and self-conscious. But I also felt that familiar, pleasant fuzzy feeling spreading deep within my lower half that I get when I am aware that I am being lusted after. And I could see the hungry look in Ted's eyes as they shamelessly roamed my body
Ted passed the drinks around enthusiastically but I noticed that Angie and Rav refused and got up as if to leave. I felt a pang of disappointment as Angie seemed a sweet person, as well as being very attractive, and we had become quite friendly in the short time I had known her. In fact, I fancied her a lot and thought we might have had some fun together given my newly-discovered lesbian tendencies.
'Thanks for a lovely evening Ted, but we're tired and we don't think we've got the energy to stay up any longer so we're going to call it a night.'
'Keeping your hubby on the straight and narrow are we Angie?' Ted remarked, 'you can't blame him though can you? Our new young knickerless friend here is a bit of a floozy, isn't she?' he added, looking over at me pointedly. I was about to remonstrate with the arrogant man over his comment, but Angie, seeing that I was upset, intervened quickly.
'Don't embarrass the poor girl, you old sod. She's just young and full of life and having some fun. It's just that we know you want to play your silly game again and after what happened last year, well...let's just say we can't go through that again,' she said cryptically.
'You old spoilsports, don't pretend you didn't enjoy it. Anyway, I doubt whether you'll lose this year as you probably know.'
'Yes, well, I'm a bit wiser now and made sure I was, shall we say, suitably dressed for the occasion. But look, we really do have to leave, much as my dear husband would love to stay I'm sure,' she said, giving Rav a sharp dig in the ribs with her elbow, 'we've got to make an early getaway in the morning as I've got my sister coming over to stay for a few days.'
They said their goodbyes, which included Angie having to extricate herself from a bear hug and bottom grope from Ted. Angie gave me a little lip kiss and hug and whispered in my ear. 'Listen sweetheart, take my advice and put your shoes on. It might help. You'll understand later.'
Before I could enquire further what she meant, Angie put a finger against my lips. 'Shhh. Just do what I say. It might give you a bit of a chance.'
With a final cheery wave to everyone, the couple left. I stood there wondering what Angie meant. I thought that I had better take her advice and looked around for my shoes. I was sure I had left them by the door to the room but they weren't there. I began searching the room, peering behind the sofas and under the bed without any luck.
'I'm over here if that's what you're looking for blondie,' said Ted, making the others laugh.
'I'm looking for my shoes,' I replied in a panicky voice, 'have you seen them?'
'You can't leave now, we're about to start the fun.'
'I'm not leaving, I ...' I began.
'Stop teasing her Ted and give Lucy her shoes,' said Sandy giving Ted a stern look, 'I think Angie may have tipped her off!'
Ted reluctantly passed me my shoes, admonishing Sandy for being a spoilsport, and I slipped them on quickly, still not quite knowing what Angie's, presumably well-meaning, advice meant. He then produced a pack of cards and told everyone to sit on the bed while he explained the rules of his game for my benefit. It apparently involved each person in turn cutting the pack of cards and whoever turned over the lowest card was deemed to be the loser. When someone totalled up five losses in this way they had to remove an article of clothing. The game continues until someone is completely naked. The loser then has to undergo a forfeit chosen by the others. With a feeling of dread, I then fully understood Angie's kindly advice to put on my shoes, although this was only likely to be of limited help given my lack of other attire, and I made my feelings known.
'But that's not fair!'
My companions laughed at my predicament - even Sandy, who I thought might be sympathetic.
'Why isn't it fair blondie?' Ted asked.
'You know why!'
Wearing only my dress and shoes I was clearly at a distinct disadvantage in Ted's silly game and, of course, they all knew that. I suddenly felt very vulnerable once more and, despite my previous behaviour, a wave of panic swept over me at the thought of my possible complete exposure in front of these three older people and what they had in store for me should I lose the game. However, I still felt some obligation towards them for giving me such an enjoyable evening so, rather than seem churlish, and with an outward show of reluctance I agreed to join in. To be honest, looking back, I didn't produce much of a show of resistance. Deep down, I knew what kind of a reaction I would get if I ended up parading naked in front of them and this was turning me on.
Having effectively accepted the inevitable, I sat cross-legged on the bed with the others as Ted, with a perpetual smirk on his face, shuffled the cards and began the game. My luck held for a while as firstly Ted himself, and then Sandy, were the losing players in the first two rounds. Both of them removed their shoes. Ted mumbled a few profanities as he lost the third round, this time removing his shirt, revealing his flabby torso and coarse, hairy chest. Then it was my turn to lose, to cheers all round from the group and, despite being urged to remove my dress, I reached down to my shoes.
Sitting next to me, Sandy slid her hands down my calves 'Let me help you with those sweetheart.' She carefully unbuckled both of my shoes and dropped them to the floor. Her hands, however, lingered and caressed my feet for several moments while the two men looked on silently. I did nothing to stop her soft hands continuing their sensual movement around my ankles, down my soles, and gently tweaking each toe in turn. The feeling was delicious and I could not prevent myself from softly moaning with pleasure. I thrust my head back and closed my eyes as the gentle massage continued.
The silence was broken by Ted's gruff voice. 'Hey, that's enough handling of the merchandise. Colin, tell your wife to control herself.'
The spell was broken, and Colin laughed apologetically while Sandy, to my great disappointment, quickly removed her hands. 'I could do that all day. You have such pretty little feet!' exclaimed Sandy.
Ted restarted the game and we began cutting the cards again. I glanced over at Ted, sitting opposite me, and my mouth dropped open as I noticed that a huge tent had appeared in his trousers and I had to consciously stop myself from reaching across to touch his obvious huge erection. Ted saw me and cheekily winked, and I felt myself blushing as I realised I had been rumbled.
I had nervous butterflies in my tummy as I sat on the bed wearing just my little black dress, knowing that if I lost one more round of the card game I would have to take off this one remaining covering of my decency. Colin lost the next round, however, and removed his shoes, dropping them noisily to the floor.
I could sense the tension in the room as the game continued at a faster pace. Each time I lost a cut of the cards, bringing my defeat ever closer, I tried to avoid eye contact with Ted as he seemed to relish my discomfort by noisily cheering and clapping, and then deliberately running his tongue slowly over his lips and rubbing his crotch. I narrowly avoided defeat in the next round, however, when Sandy was again the loser.
'I suppose this will have to go,' she said indicating her silky emerald dress. 'Will you help me sweetheart?' Sandy turned her back towards me and, realising what she meant, I slowly undid the zip. She stood up on the bed and, to wolf whistles from the men, pushed the dress from her shoulders in an exaggerated 'stripper-like' way, and let it slide down her body and it gathered around her ankles. She bent down and retrieved it then proceeded to wave it around above her head, while swaying her ample hips from side to side, as Ted and Colin whooped and cheered. I looked on admiringly as Sandy stood there in a sexy pale green lacy bra and panties set, together with a matching garter belt and suspenders holding up sheer black and glossy stockings. Yes, she had obviously put on a few pounds in middle-age, but I thought she looked beautiful. Particularly alluring for me were the large dark brown areolae and prominent nipples clearly visible beneath the lace of her bra. I couldn't take my eyes off them and I daydreamed about sucklng on them while she held me tightly in her arms like a baby.
'Hey, blondie, it's your turn.' I was shaken out of my reverie by Ted's gruff voice. I cut the pack of cards and cursed inwardly when I drew the three of hearts. This wasn't a good start for the next round of the game. My bad luck continued and I could sense the excitement building in the room until I was just one cut of the cards away from losing and my naked body being put on display to these three virtual strangers. And then...who knows what I had let myself in for?
There were loud cheers when I drew a two of clubs. As was almost inevitable, I had lost the game and the room went silent as all eyes turned to me and my little black dress.
'Stand up girly and take it off nice and slowly,' said Ted commandingly, rubbing his hand up and down my calf, and I heard a stifled giggle from Sandy. I froze and for a brief moment contemplated making a run for it and returning to the safety of my hotel room. But I was transfixed by the hungry and lustful looks I was getting from the others staring up at me. I thought that perhaps, as a fellow female, Sandy would come to my rescue but she was as bad as the others. As I stood there, being the centre of attention, I became increasingly moist between my legs, betraying my true feelings, and fidgeted nervously.
Ted gave me a little slap on my bottom. 'Come on lass, don't keep us waiting. We all want to see those pretty little titties.' I reached behind me and untied the bow behind my neck and the dress fell away from my shoulders. I pushed it down over my waist and, with a flourish, kicked it off my legs and it flew across the room. I stood naked in front of them and turned round in a circle to display myself like a piece of meat at an auction, to murmurs of appreciation from my enthusiastic audience.
'Wow! You're just beautiful sweetheart. You're hubby is a lucky man,' said Sandy, as she held my hand and guided me down off the bed. I stood nervously in the middle of the room and the others looked at Ted to make the next move, which he did by solemnly making an announcement.
'Young Lucy here is the loser of the game and now, in accordance with the rules, she must undergo a forfeit. I am feeling very thirsty and would appreciate a bottle of water, which our little naked friend here will fetch for me. This does not, of course, mean walking a few feet to the minibar in the room as that would be too easy. There is, however, a drinks machine on the first floor and she will get one from there, and she will go there and back just as she is, as naked as the day she was born.'
I was horrified. That wasn't what I expected at all. 'No! No...I can't do that. Please! I'll do anything else I promise,' I pleaded with Ted, but seemingly on deaf ears.
'I'm sorry lass, but you lost and you must carry out the forfeit. That's the rules I'm afraid so stop whining,' he replied unsympathetically. I looked around at the other two for help. Colin just sat there with a stupid grin on his face. Sandy, however, came to my rescue. Well, perhaps not fully, but at least she eased my distress somewhat. She took hold of my hands and looked at me kindly.
'Look, sweetie, if it will make you feel more comfortable I'll come with you. Is that all right with you Ted?' Ted didn't answer straight away but just stood there with a sly grin on his face, obviously mulling things over.
'Well, OK. But on one condition: you go as you are. No putting your clothes back on.' Sandy was wearing just her revealing, lacy bra and panties, and her sexy shiny black stockings and suspenders, her dress and shoes having been removed during the game.
Colin objected immediately but Sandy hushed him up telling him that she would make sure I 'returned the favour' later, whatever that meant. She whispered something in his ear which seemed to satisfy him. She retrieved a purse from her handbag and, holding my hand like a child, led me to the door which Ted opened. I hesitated at the open door, but Sandy ushered me gently out, helped by a push on my bare bottom from Ted's rough hand. The door was slammed shut behind us and we stood for a moment in the corridor, exposed and vulnerable.
Sandy turned and looked at me with a strange look on her face. 'I don't know about you sweetie, but this is turning me on.'
'I'm really scared Sandy,' I replied, not daring to admit that I felt the same and my pussy was soaking from arousal at the thought of what we were doing.
'Come on, let's go. The sooner we do it, the sooner we'll be back to safety.'
Still holding hands, we ran along the deserted corridor, the only sound being the little bells on my anklet jingling with the movement, and we managed to reach the door to the stairwell without incident.
'Shall I take it off?' I said, pointing to the jewellery adorning my ankle. 'It's a bit noisy. Someone might hear us.'
'No sweetie, leave it on. It's sooo sexy.'
We dared not use the lift, so we went down the emergency stairs listening intently for any noise that might mean people approaching. It was now around 1am and this was unlikely, but that didn't prevent me from beginning to sob with nervousness. We stopped for a moment while Sandy consoled me and I hugged her close, feeling the silkiness of her underwear against my nakedness. Without thinking, I began to rub myself against the comforting warmth of her body and I lifted a leg off the floor and softly stroked the back of her stockinged calf with a bare foot. I reached up to kiss her, but was gently repelled.
'Whoa! Not now sweetie. I'd love to kiss you - and more - but we've got to hurry and get this over with.'
'Cant we just stay here for a while Sandy? No-one will come along,' I looked yearningly at her, willing her to change her mind. At that moment I really didn't care if anyone saw us. My nervousness had dissipated and all I could think of was nuzzling up to this sexy mature woman and letting her have her way with my body.
Sandy cupped my face in her hands and gave me a serious look, as if scolding a small child. 'Oh my, you are a sweet, sexy little thing Lucy and there's nothing in the world I would like more than to play with you but not right now. Apart from anything else, my Colin will be getting worried about me and I'm sure that there is another old sod who will be getting a little impatient. I can't go upsetting Colin's boss now can I?'
I knew she was right but I couldn't hide the look of disappointment on my face. She put a protective arm around my waist and, like two lovers, we continued our kinky journey. We descended the stairs until we reached our destination on the first floor and stepped tentatively out into the corridor to look for the drinks machine. Luckily it was just a few yards further along in a recess in the wall. Sandy took a few coins from her purse, fed the machine and pressed the required button. A bottle of water tumbled out loudly and I looked around instinctively to see if we might have been heard and my heart skipped a beat as I saw a figure approaching along the corridor.
In a panic I ran behind Sandy's ample body trying to hide my nakedness and, with my arms around her waist, clung on to her.
'Lucy, what...oh my god!'
I peeked around Sandy's shoulder and saw a pretty young woman in a smart skirt suit with a name badge pinned to her chest. She was still a few yards away from us, but had stopped and was staring at us wide-eyed with astonishment with her hands clamped against her mouth. I recognised her as the young eastern European hotel receptionist who was at the desk when I checked in a few days ago. Quite what she made of the scene before her is anyone's guess. It was certainly not something you would normally expect to confront in a hotel corridor in the early hours of the morning - a middle-aged woman in just her underwear and stockings together with a much younger woman totally, utterly naked. The look on her face was a mixture of shock and puzzlement.
'I'll deal with this. You stay where you are,' said Sandy forcefully. She strode confidently over to the woman and, with an arm round her shoulders, led her a few further yards away and out of earshot.
At first the tone of their conversation seemed to be quite serious with the woman shaking her head and pointing in my direction, but after a while their interaction seemed to lighten and their body language seemed to become less tense. Eventually, I could see the woman smiling and then giggling, occasionally looking over at me while she continued to talk earnestly with Sandy. I saw her take a pen out of her jacket pocket and write something on Sandy's hand, she then kissed Sandy on both cheeks and, with a cheery wave in my direction, turned away and walked back down the corridor in the opposite direction.
Sandy walked back to me with a huge smile on her face and winked at me enigmatically. Then, without saying a word, she grabbed my hand and with her other hand clutching the water bottle, we began our return journey. I was bursting with curiosity as to the details of her conversation with the pretty young receptionist and, in theend, I couldn't stand it any longer.
'Well? What did you say? And what did she say? And what did she write on your hand?' I blurted out.
'Let's just say I used my experienced womanly charms and she couldn't resist.'
'Stop teasing! Please tell me what happened Sandy. Is she going to report us to anyone. I'm so worried.'
'There's no need to worry your sweet little head. At first she threatened to call the security guard and get us thrown out of the hotel. Then she was worried that perhaps I had somehow abducted you. When I explained what we were doing - well sort of - she calmed down. Then she became intrigued and...well, finally I think she was rather turned on and she gave me her number. That's what she wrote on my hand. She said to call her anytime and bring your...err...'gorgeous little friend', I think was the term she used.' Sandy showed me her palm on which was inked the name 'Maya', a mobile telephone number and a little heart.
'Oh!' I exclaimed. Then digesting what Sandy had just said, I added 'What did you mean by you 'sort of' told her what we were doing.'
'Ah...look...sorry about this but I rather got carried away. I told her that you are my girlfriend - as in lesbian girlfriend - and that you have been having fantasies recently about being an exhibitionist and exposing yourself in public places but wanted me to be with you as you were nervous.'
'Sandy!' I feigned shock but secretly thought her story funny and began to giggle. 'I hope she's not on duty when I check out. I think I'll die of embarrassment!'
We slowly ascended the stairs and I was starting to feel less nervous with the reassuring presence of Sandy by my side. I felt protected and at ease in her company. I was also considerably turned on by my prolonged nakedness and I looked down and saw my pussy, and even the tops of my thighs, glistening with moisture in the harsh light of the stairwell. It took all the willpower I could muster to stop myself moving my free hand to my crotch and rubbing myself.
Just before we exited the stairwell on the 6th floor, Sandy suddenly stopped and turned her head to speak to me. 'Sweetie, I guess you realise what Ted is expecting,' she said seriously. 'You really don't have to go through with this you know. His track record with the ladies isn't, shall we say, very honourable I'm afraid. He's been married and divorced four times and has had countless other relationships, which tells you all you need to know. To be fair, I suppose he is quite fun to be with, but he obviously hasn't got much going for him in the looks department. He's only got one asset, phsically speaking, and I think you know what that is.' I giggled as I certainly knew what she meant. Sandy continued: 'I don't know first-hand, I hasten to add, but I'm told it's huge.'
I didn't know what to say. I just stood there feeling hugely embarrassed and couldn't look Sandy in the eye. Then I told her about my encounter with Ted in the swimming pool earlier in the day and how he had blatantly stood in front of me with his erection poking through the top of his swimming trunks as he talked to me.
Sandy laughed uproariously while I turned a further shade of red. 'The dirty old sod! What did you do?'
'Nothing. I didn't do anything Sandy. I just stood there and stared. I guess my main feeling was fascination at the size of it, and I...well...to be honest I felt flattered that he was in that...err...condition by just looking at me and talking to me.'
'You can't blame him can you? You're a one hundred percent improvement on his usual conquests. I bet he couldn't believe his luck when you agreed to go with him to the disco and then to go back with us to his room and play his little game!'
''I'm not normally like this Sandy, you have to believe me. I'm happily married and it's not like Ted or any of the others are a threat to my marriage. I just can't seem to stop myself lately. I think I'm turning into some kind of nympho.'
Sandy looked at me with raised eyebrows. 'Others? You naughty little minx, although I can't say I'm surprised. You'll have to tell me more sometime. Listen, before we go back to the room, I'd like you to take this.' She rummaged in her bag for something and passed me a card. 'It's the key to my room - we were given two. It's just along the corridor from Ted's room, number 620.' I looked at her with a puzzled expression. 'If you're not too worn out later - and I really mean any time later - just let yourself in with that. We would love to see you, and my Colin wants to ask you something. We won't get a chance to see you any later as all the conference-goers are leaving tomorrow and we have to vacate our rooms by 10 am. Look, we'll understand if you don't feel up to it. It's been a long day and no doubt Ted will keep you busy for a while, but if you can slip away we'd love to see you.'
I took the card from Sandy and gave her a big hug. 'I'll try.' I said softly.
'You sweet, sweet girl. Come on, we had better get back before the boys come looking for us.'
We walked back out onto the 6th floor and padded arm in arm the few yards to Ted's room where we were welcomed back enthusiastically. Sandy handed Ted the bottle of water triumphantly while I slipped the key card in my little handbag without anyone noticing. Ted opened another bottle of bubbly and we drank a toast to my successful task. He ensured that my glass was continually topped up until I felt quite lightheaded. I knew that lately it hadn't taken much inducement for me to act like a whore, but at that moment I would have been open to anything.
'Well, lass, as you were a good, obedient girl and successfully completed your forfeit you may now claim your prize. Can you guess what that is?' Ted stood facing me while I still clung on to Sandy's arm. He began to rub the front of his trousers in a crudely suggestive manner.
I felt too embarrassed to reply but just squeezed Sandy's arm, strangely thinking that she might offer me some kind of motherly protection. Instead, she just removed my arm gently and kissed me on the forehead. She turned to her husband. 'I think that's our cue to leave,' said Sandy, nudging Colin in the ribs then edging him towards the door.
Colin seemed rather reluctant to go, but they finally both said their goodbyes, and thanked both me and Ted for giving them such an enjoyable evening. They left the room quietly, but not before Sandy took me to one side and whispered in my ear. 'Don't forget my invitation. Remember, it doesn't matter what time it is, we'll be waiting.'
As the door shut behind them, I turned to face Ted, feeling a mixture of apprehension and sexual excitement. He was continuing to rub himself while giving my body a full sweep of his eyes from top to bottom. He stood barefoot in just his over-tight chinos, displaying his hairy, medallioned chest and flabby belly. Strangely, his unattractiveness and arrogance that would repel most women had the opposite effect on me. And, as had earlier been emphasised to me pointedly, he was the wrong side of 60 and indeed old enough to be my grandfather.
'Well now girlie, let's have you turn round slowly and let me see all of that lovely married young body,' he instructed. Overwhelmed by a powerful feeling of submission, I obeyed his instruction, spinning slowly around and pushing out my bottom invitingly and giving it a little wiggle. My pussy was by then gushing and felt a sticky, uncomfortable mess between my legs.
'You're just beautiful, lass,' he said admiringly. 'Now, listen to me very carefully and do as I say. Get down on all fours and crawl over here to your daddy.' Compliantly, I dropped down and slowly crawled across the carpeted floor, luxuriating in the humiliation. I stopped a foot away from him and looked up, batting my eyelids coquettishly and licking my lips.
He just stood there gazing sternly at me as I looked up over the rolls of fat overhanging the top of his belt. Then he held out a hand, placed it under my chin, and jerked my face upwards a little roughly, making me squeal.
'Now, little blondie, let's get this straight so we both know where we stand. You let me take you out this evening even though you're married, I was a stranger you happened to meet at the pool, and I'm probably - what? - three times your age?'
I didn't say anything but just nodded. Ted kept his hand under my chin and continued his schoolmasterly lecture.
'You agreed to my request to show off those lovely legs of yours by wearing a short dress and it turned out not only to be short but, in fact, miniscule. Not only that, but you wore no bra or knickers underneath.' Again, I nodded agreement, shifting uncomfortably on my knees beneath him as I squirmed with embarrassment.
'Let's see, what else? Ah yes, you didn't stop me when I stuck my fingers up your wet little fanny on the dancefloor in full view of anyone who happened to be looking.'
Of course I knew I had done all these things but hearing them said aloud was somehow shocking and shaming. I felt tears welling in my eyes as my whorish and reckless behaviour were laid bare in such a stark and unfeeling way. I had effectively ruined my marriage yet, instead of feeling remorse, I just felt sorry for myself as I realised I had no intention of coming to my senses. All I wanted at that point was to have this fat, arrogant old man use my body in any way he saw fit and to see the look of pleasure on his face as he conquered me.
I blinked back tears as the truth hit home. Ted looked down at me with disdain. 'It won't do you any good snivelling. You and I both know what you are don't we. Anyway, I haven't finished yet. To cap it all, you pranced through the hotel without a stitch on with my friend's wife. What does all this make you blondie?'
I closed my eyes, not wanting to see Ted's face and mumbled. 'A slut.'
'Well, yes, but I think you can do better than that lass.'
He clearly wanted my complete humiliation and, shamefully, I didn't disappoint him.
'A filthy, dirty slut,' I replied. Oh god, what was I saying! I rambled on in the same vein and found that the more I said, and the more obscene my words, the more it turned me on.
'A filthy, dirty, fucking, married slut...a little tart who wants your big cock...who wants it to spunk up inside my cunt and make me scream.'
Ted just stood there still cradling my face in his hand, chuckling to himself as he listened to my stream of disgusting language.
'Please fuck me Ted!' Louder now, and completely frustrated, I pleaded with the old man to end my torture and take me. To control me and use me and satisfy himself at my expense.
'All in good time young lady. First, take it out nice and slowly, wrap those sweet little lips round it and give me a good blowjob to get me ready.'
He removed his hand from my chin and thrust his hips towards my face displaying a substantial bulge in his chinos, leaving me in no doubt want he wanted. I reached up and unbuckled his belt then slowly pulled down the zip. I tugged his chinos down from the waistband and gulped as his fully erect penis sprang out menacingly inches from my face. I know I was expecting it to be big but this thing was huge and no doubt the longest I had ever experienced first-hand. It was even more impressive given Ted's relatively short stature. It curved upwards beyond his navel while his ball sack drooped below with the weight of his large balls and was covered in a thick mass of matted grey hair.
Ted kicked his chinos away leaving him looming menacingly and totally naked above my prone body. Tentatively, I moved my head towards his groin. There was no way I was going to be able to get that great thing in my mouth fully without it penetrating my throat and that was something I had never attempted, although I had seen girls achieving that in porn films I had watched surreptitiously in the past.
Luckily, Ted was quite happy with what I was able to manage and his grunts and moans as I licked his shaft and took the tip of his giant weapon in my mouth were testament to my efforts.
He continually leaked precum as I worked on him and I licked this up greedily. He gave a particularly loud grunt, which I am sure would have been audible from adjoining rooms, when I moved a hand across his flabby bottom and inserted a finger in his arsehole while continuing to suck and lick his cock.
Between his grunts and moans he muttered a stream of obscenities to match those of mine earlier which, rather than putting me off, spurred me on even more. 'You dirty little tart...you're loving it aren't you...aaaargh...that's it...take it in your tiny little married mouth...aaahh!...fucking filthy slut...'
As I was slavering over this monster cock and listening to this verbal abuse, Ted was gradually stepping backwards. Following his movement, I crawled on my knees until he flopped onto the bed with his legs dangling over the side. Still kneeling on the floor I pushed them apart, positioned my head between them, and continued to fellate him greedily.
Ted's hips bounced up and down on the bed as I worked on him, while his hands held the back of my head, and his fingers roughly tousled my hair. I wanted desperately for him to pull me up on the bed and plunge his dick in my willing pussy but he just stayed prone on the bed mumbling to himself and groaning as I continued to work his cock with my tongue and lips.
I was almost beside myself with lust and my pussy was soaking in readiness as I devoured him. My frustration built at the old man's selfishness until I couldn't bear it any longer. I jumped up to a standing position and leapt on top of him, taking him completely by surprise.
My mouth pressed against his and I forced his lips open with my tongue, plunging it deep into his mouth to the back of his throat, and he tensed his whole body as he drew in a deep breath. I french-kissed him for several minutes, my tongue mingling with his in rapid little movements. The coarse hair of his moustache rubbed against the soft skin of my cheeks, while I ground my hips against him, crushing his hardness against my belly.
I lifted my head gasping for air and reached behind me to guide him into me, feeling the wetness of my saliva on the long shaft as my fingers encircled him.
'Fucking little bitch, you want my big old cock badly don't you. That's it...put it in that juicy little married cunt...'
I sat astride him and reached behind to position his cock head against my creamy, messy labia and Ted slowly plunged into me causing me to moan loudly with a mixture of pain and pleasure. The penetration seemed to go on for ever, straining and stretching the walls of my vagina to their limits. He was deep, deep inside me and this total invasion of my body was mind-blowing. Uncle Ron was big - much bigger than my husband - and had stretched my pussy beyond its previously normal limits, but this was something else again. I couldn't help myself shrieking loudly as I bounced up and down as Ted painfully but pleasurably tweaked my rock-hard nipples between his rough fingers.
I could not hold on any longer and after just a few minutes I came violently, keeping my pussy clamped tightly around Ted's wonderful tool as I ground my hips against him. I fell forward against Ted's chest as my body heaved in the throes of my orgasm. Almost immediately, and with a loud animalistic sound, Ted exploded inside me. My own orgasm was intensified by the feeling of his cock pulsing and twitching as his load spurted deep within me.
'Aaaah! 'I'm coming right inside you lass! Take my old spunk little girly! Let me fill you with my old man's seed!' he muttered as his chest heaved beneath me.
As our orgasms subsided, I held on to him tightly, clawing his hairy back with my fingernails, and making little bite marks on his neck. We stayed locked together with Ted still inside me for what seemed like ages until finally he softened and his prick slid out of my love hole with a squelchy sound and flopped between my legs. Almost immediately I could feel his semen flowing out of me and making a sticky mess on the bed.
Feeling utterly exhausted, I rolled off Ted's body onto the bed and curled into a ball. Ted rolled over behind me and pulled me gently against him nuzzling my neck, his now flaccid cock warm and wet against almost the full length of my thigh. In that position, I soon fell into a deep and satisfying sleep.
I awoke to loud snoring emanating from behind me and the distinctive earthy smell of dried semen and my own dried pussy juice. I rolled over to see the naked rotund figure of Ted, mouth gaping open, laying on his back, his cock lying flaccid on his fat belly and impressively long enough to stretch beyond his navel. It really was enormous and I shuddered to think that it had been fully inside me only a few hours ago. It had made me come like a train and the thought made me horny again.
I contemplated crawling across the bed, making him hard again with my mouth and mounting him for a repeat performance. Then I thought it would perhaps be advisable to call it a day before things got more complicated...and, to be honest, I thought about the key in my bag and the invitation from Sandy. I looked over at the clock on the wall and saw that it was nearly 5am. Sandy did say it didn't matter what time...I pondered for a few moments, then came to a decision. I would leave quietly and go to Sandy's room. I was still on a sexual high after the day's events and I guess my muddled thought processes led me to believe that a threesome with an older married couple - yet again a totally new experience for me - would round things off appropriately. I was also more than a little intrigued as to what Colin wanted to ask me - apparently desperately according to his wife.
I found my dress crumpled on the floor in a corner of the room, slipped it on, retrieved my shoes and bag and left the room as noiselessly as I could manage, closing the door quietly behind me, but not before I had taken a sneaky photo of Ted's huge dick to remind myself later of the pleasure it had given me.
The hotel was eerily quiet as you would expect at that early hour, apart from the sound of Ted's snoring which I could still faintly hear as I padded barefoot the few yards along the corridor to Sandy's room. I fumbled in my bag for the key card I had placed there earlier. Pushing it in the slot, the door opened with a loud click and I crept in.
The room was in darkness and I hesitated just inside the room as my eyes adjusted to the lack of light. I saw two shapes in the bed. One was lying down but the other was sitting up and looking straight at me.
'Sweetie, is that you? Oh my! I'm so glad you've come. I really hoped you would but I didn't expect you to. Let me turn on the light so I can see you properly.' Sandy twisted round and turned on the bedside lamp revealing her naked upper body, with her large fleshy breasts with their dark brown areolae flopping about as she moved.
'Colin, Colin, looks who's here,' she said, nudging her stirring husband beside her.
'What's that? What's going on?' he mumbled, rousing himself to an upright position. 'Wow! I can't believe it,' he said as he looked across at me, propping himself up on his elbows. 'We both thought you might be...well...a bit worn out after what we heard coming from Ted's room. You must have bundles of energy in that little body of yours.'
I stood there blushing and looking down at the floor as they both laughed at Colin's comment. My vocal reactions to being fucked by Ted had, as I feared, been overheard and Sandy's room was the other end of the corridor!
'I'm sorry...I...I...' I muttered in reply, not quite knowing what to say.
'There's no need to be sorry, sweetie. He's no oil painting, that's for sure. There's not much point in asking what you see in him, but I guess it wasn't his age, beer belly or charming personality that attracted you was it?' said Sandy. I didn't reply but just shook my head, still looking down at the floor and thinking I would probably die of embarrassment if they continued teasing me.
'Don't worry, you're not the first to be mesmerised by his...err...generous proportions. He's a lucky old sod and makes my Colin very jealous, doesn't he my darling,' she added, turning to face her husband and patting his head like a faithful dog.
'They're not usually as young or as pretty as this one though are they babe,' he replied. 'He certainly hit the jackpot this time.'
'Not quite as pretty as earlier though. You look kind of...well...messy and well-used to tell you the truth sweetie. And that poor little dress that looked so sexy now looks like you've mopped the floor with it. Why don't you take it off, have a hot shower and make yourself decent. What do you say?' said Sandy.
I nodded agreement, slipped the dress off where I stood and watched the older couple stare at my naked body. I turned round and headed for the bathroom, giving my bottom a little wiggle along the way making them both laugh.
'And don't take off that little ankle bracelet, we both love it,' said Colin as I closed the bathroom door behind me. I opened it again slightly and pushed a leg out through the narrow gap, wiggled and pointed my toes and shook my arched foot making the bells on my anklet tinkle.
'Oh my god sweetie, you are so sexy. Be quick!' I heard Sandy say before ending my little display.
I let the hot jets of water from the shower ease some of the soreness I felt following Ted's invasion of my body and thought again about my situation. I remembered my tearful and emotional phone conversation earlier with Michael and my tummy turned over with nervousness when I reminded myself that I had (kind of) agreed to come clean about my antics while he had been away, although I wondered whether he had fully taken in what I had said. If I confessed everything it would probably mean the end of my marriage. He certainly deserved to know the truth about what kind of person I really was, but I somehow foolishly convinced myself that, knowing his mild and loving nature, we could work things out and perhaps come to some kind of arrangement to accommodate my newly discovered desires while still staying together. What a selfish bitch I had become, but I just knew that I could not stop myself. At that moment, I could think of nothing else but pleasing the older couple lusting after me on the other side of the door and I concentrated on making myself presentable to them.
Stepping out of the shower, I dried myself with a large white towel, rubbed in some body lotion, and pulled the tousled mess of my hair into a ponytail with a hairband that was lying by the hand basin. I also found an unopened tooth cleaning kit and used it to brush my teeth thoroughly. I looked at myself in the mirror and, reasonably satisfied with my appearance, wrapped the towel around me, opened the bathroom door and stepped out.
My eyes widened when I saw Sandy and Colin on top of the bed with their arms and legs tangled together in a passionate clinch. They were both naked, apart from Sandy who wore just her shiny black stockings. At first they were oblivious to my presence as I watched their contortions. I was fascinated by the contrast in their skin tones which made the scene even more erotic. Sandy's body was quite suntanned and fleshy whereas her husband's skin was pale, almost white, and his body slim and bony. His erect cock was quite small, certainly in comparison to Ted's and Uncle Ron's, but seemed quite fat and its bright red cock head shone out like a beacon. His balls and pubic area were covered in a thick mat of red hair to match his bushy beard and thinning hair on his head.
Eventually, Sandy noticed me as I stood motionless just outside the bathroom door, clasping the towel around my torso tightly. She disentangled herself and sat up but still holding on to Colin's fat cock. She gave me a sheepish look, and then smiled broadly.
'Sorry sweetie, I didn't realise you were there. I'm afraid my darling husband here has suddenly become extremely randy, and I do believe it's your fault.' She turned to look at her husband, still lying on his back being wanked gently. 'Now, my darling, tell our pretty little visitor here what you said to me earlier. You know...about what you would like to do to her.'
'Ummm...errr...I can't Sandy...I'm too embarrassed. Anyway, she'll probably run a mile and we don't want that.'
'Don't be such a wimp. I'll ask her for you then.' Sandy turned to look at me. 'My hubby here wants to know, to be perfectly frank, whether you take it up the bum.'
I was gobsmacked by the crudity of her words and giggled nervously. My thoughts drifted back to just a few weeks and my visit with Uncle Ron to the school where I worked. It was closed for the summer break but the grumpy old caretaker, George, had let us in. At Uncle Ron's behest I allowed pervy George to sodomise me, apparently to repay a debt, and I had shamefully submitted. I had found my first experience of anal sex surprisingly pleasurable.
'Well...,' I hesitated, wondering what I should admit to. And then I thought that, after my behaviour that day, they are not likely to think any the worse of me. 'Yes, I have, but only once. Not with my husband though. He's not very adventurous.'
Sandy laughed, then gave me a quizzical look, furrowing her brow. 'With Ted?'
'No, no. That would have been very painful given his - you know -size. No, someone else. A work colleague.'
'Do tell us more!' Sandy pleaded. 'Colin loves dirty little stories,' she added nudging him in the ribs playfully I then gave them the full story of my recent encounter with Uncle Ron and George, and they both listened intently, occasionally gasping when I when into more graphic detail, especially when I admitted that I had an orgasm during the experience. All the time I was telling my story, Sandy was stroking and pulling on Colin's stiff cock.
When I had finished, Sandy turned to her husband. 'I think your luck's in my darling. Looks like you'll finally get what you've been nagging me about for ages. And with a sexy young girl too!' Looking back at me she added: 'You don't mind do you sweetheart? I won't let him do it to me. We tried it once and I didn't like it one bit. It was far too painful.'
They both looked at me expectantly. 'Don't you mind?' I asked looking at Sandy.
'Of course not sweetie. It will enliven our sex lives for weeks. He's already a different person just in the last day from being in your company. As long as you don't run off with him!'
I had made myself extra horny by relating my experience with Uncle Ron and George and I felt my pussy becoming increasingly moist as I went along. 'Tell me what you want me to do.' I asked quietly.
Clearly pleased with my acquiescence, Sandy clapped her hands and gave a little shriek. 'Right! Wow! Colin my darling, she's all yours.'
'Go and fetch her and bring her to the bed please Sandy.' Sandy jumped from the bed and stepped across the room to where I was still standing, her large tits swaying as she approached me.
'Take her hand from the towel and pull it off her.' Sandy reached across and gently prised my hand away from the towel which I was still clutching to my chest. She tugged on it from the top and it fell away immediately, dropping around my ankles.
'Take her my darling. Get her worked up and ready for me, then bring her here.'
Sandy needed no further encouragement and was on me like a rash. In one swift movement, she stepped forward, encircled my body with her arms and pulled me against the warmth of her ample body. I found my face crushed against her fleshy tits as she hugged me close then, loosening her grip slightly, she bent down and smashed her lips against mine, her tongue immediately probing my willingly open mouth. I felt a hand squeeze my bottom as I stood on tiptoe to accept her passionate french kiss. Then a probing hand was between my legs, pushing them apart impatiently, and I flung my head back and gasped as two or three fingers entered me with a liquid sound and began pumping, while a thumb flicked my engorged clit.
'Is she wet babe?' I heard Colin enquire as I squirmed on his wife's probing digits.
'Oh god, yes, I think you can hear it. She's drenched! Won't need the lube darling, we can just use the natural stuff, there's plenty of it!'
I think Sandy could sense from the noises I was making and the movement of my body that I was close to coming and stopped abruptly, pulling her fingers out of me.
'No! No! Please Sandy don't stop!' I pleaded loudly, gripping her hand tightly trying to pull it back to its former position, but Sandy was stronger and shook her hand from my desperate grip. I was sobbing from frustration and sunk to the floor putting my arms around Sandy's stockinged calves. Sandy stroked my hair tenderly for a few moments then bent down and lifted me up gently.
'Come on sweetie. Let's get you on to the bed before Colin explodes.'
I followed her obediently as she re-joined her husband, tears still streaming down my face and sniffing loudly. Sandy handed me a tissue and I wiped my face and blew my nose while she hopped back up onto the large bed next to Colin.
I stood there silently, not quite knowing what to do next. Should I fling myself on top of them? Did they want me to do something else? Luckily, Colin's uncharacteristically commanding voice relieved my indecision.
'Up onto the bed sweetheart, face down, bum in the air, legs apart. Make room for her Sandy please.'
I did as I was instructed, happy to be controlled and manipulated for the gratification of this married couple and not have to worry about having to take the lead or make any decisions. I wanted more than anything to submit myself to them and become their plaything and they were clearly overjoyed at my willingness to do as I was told without any argument.
I buried my face in the soft warmth of the bed, lifted my rear end upwards invitingly and moved my legs apart as far as I could. To please them further, I wiggled my bum from side to side provocatively.
I could sense Colin moving and the bed creaked as he stood above and behind me. Then Sandy's deliciously expert fingers were again pushing into my exposed slit. They wiggled around for a while in my wetness before slipping out again. I felt her hand pulling apart my bum hole and her wet fingers entering my back passage. I squealed a little as first one finger, then two, then three, probed and pushed their way inside. Initially, it felt painful and I grabbed Sandy's wrist behind me in an attempt to stop her, but Colin prised my fingers apart and moved my hand away to allow his wife to continue. Gradually my anus relaxed and the pain turned into discomfort and then into a strange kind of masochistic pleasure as Sandy's fingers continued to slide around my anus.
Having lubricated me to her apparent satisfaction, Sandy slid her fingers out and moved to one side. Colin loomed over me and I turned my head to one side and saw him lower himself towards my prone body.
'Colin's going to fuck your little bum now sweetie. Is that what you would like? Tell him.'
'Yes! Please Colin. I want to feel your prick up my arse. I want you to spunk me right up inside and empty your balls!' I was almost delirious at this point and didn't have any control over what was spouting from my mouth.
'Do what she says darling. Give her what she wants. I want you to make her scream!' Sandy cried. And that's a fair description of what I did as, firstly I felt Colin's cock head tapping and probing my puckered little entrance, then slowly pushing in a short way, retreating again, then pushing further in, until finally he was fully inside me and I could feel the rough thatch of his pubic hair pushed hard against my bum cheeks. His cock slid in relatively easily, well-lubricated by my own secretions that Sandy's fingers had helpfully deposited in me.
'I'm right in darling...I can't believe it...she feels so tight around me,' Colin said breathlessly, as he pumped his cock in my arse. Each thrust made me shriek from a mixture of pleasurable and painful sensations. Then I gasped as another sensation hit my senses. It was Sandy's tongue running down the upturned soles of my feet. Then a foot was lifted slightly from the bed and cradled in Sandy's hands as she sucked and licked each toe in turn then pulled them apart and licked between them. This was repeated with my other foot while Colin continued to fuck my bum.
'I just love your gorgeous little feet sweetie. They're so pretty.' she muttered as she continued to work on them with her mouth.
I whimpered and moaned as the couple used my body, my noises being stifled by the bed as my head was pressed against it. Then, Sandy released my feet and shuffled up behind me on her back until she was right beneath my opened legs. With her husband still pounding away above us, she lifted her head and began to lick along my sticky, messy labia and her tongue flicked against my swollen clit. As she did this I screamed and wriggled my bottom and nearly dislodged Colin from his determined task.
'My darling, you've made the poor girl soaking wet. I'm tonguing her juicy young cunt for you while you fuck her tight little arse.'
Sandy's words seemed to spur her husband into a more frenetic pounding of my bum and I was overwhelmed by the sensations I was experiencing. I came suddenly and violently, taking the couple by surprise, my whole body bucking and swaying to the orgasmic tremors that swept through me. Colin had to grip tightly onto my waist but almost immediately came himself letting out an extended moan. I could feel his warm seed spurting into me as he collapsed onto my back, holding me tightly round the waist, his coarse beard scraping against the soft skin of my back.
My orgasm came in waves and seemed to go on for ages. I think it must have been the combination of sensations administered simultaneously to my body by the couple that made it such a sensational and prolonged climax. After Colin pulled out of me, I writhed and wriggled around on the bed with my legs twitching while both Colin and Sandy looked on in awe, their arms around each other lovingly.
As I was coming down from my sexual high, Sandy snuggled up behind me and held me close until my spasms ceased, her hands caressing my tits and her stockinged legs overlapping mine. 'Shhh sweetie, there, there. Calm down. Relax,' she whispered in my ear soothingly. 'You are just so sexy and beautiful. Thank you so much for giving us both such a memorable time.'
Feeling totally spent but satisfied I soon drifted off into a deep sleep in Sandy's arms.