I first met my friend Pete at a job I had back in high school. He was nearly 10 years older than me but we had got on well from our first meeting. In many ways he was my complete opposite physically. Where I was short, pale and skinny, he was tall, tanned and toned. And where I was small and hairless, I suspected he was not.
Pete is an openly gay man and as far as he knew I was a skinny little straight guy with no interest in men. Of course that never stopped him shamelessly flirting with me. For almost as long as I had known him he always cracked jokes about trying to sleep with me or 'turn me'.
I never really minded his advances; actually I'd always kind of liked it. Even before I truly discovered that side of myself, I had enjoyed teasing him, tempting him but never giving in. I took a strange kind of pleasure in knowing how much he wanted me and how much my repeated denial must have frustrated him.
After leaving the job we always kept in touch and tried to make a point of catching up regularly. One night Pete and I were catching up over a few drinks. I was between jobs at that time so I was glad that Pete had picked somewhere cheap and dingy to meet. After a few hours and many drinks bought by Pete, he started telling me about his most recent hobby. For as long as I had known him he had been an incredible artist. Mostly sticking to pencil drawings, he had an innate talent for capturing minute details with startling accuracy. Pete told me that lately he had been attending a life drawing group here at this very bar.
"It's really nice and casual," he told me. "Just a group of about 10 people who get together once a fortnight to practice their drawings. We get a different model in each time so it gives us a nice range of body types to draw. They close off the back room of the bar so it's nice and private, but you can still grab a few drinks between poses."
"Where do you find the models?" I asked.
"All over the place really," Pete explained. "We advertise in local papers and forums. Some of the group even gets their friends to come along. Considering that it pays $300 for the two hour session there's usually someone who's happy to put their name down."
"$300 for two hours?" I stammered. Given how poorly my current job search was going this sounded pretty appealing.
"Well yeh, people don't just strip off in a room full of strangers for nothing," Pete replied with a smirk.
"Oh, that kind of modeling," I replied, feeling kind of stupid that I hadn't picked up on that already.
"Thinking about signing up are you?" Pete laughed, still smirking.
"No, I don't think so," I said laughing off his offer, "as much as I'm sure you'd like to see that, I don't think I'll be joining you for your class."
"Hear me out," replied Pete, holding up his hand to silence me, "it's really easy work. You pretty much sit on a chair, strike a few poses and let a couple of people scribble away. $300 for sitting on a chair for a couple of hours isn't such a bad deal. It's all very tasteful and discrete, and no one's going to recognise you from a drawing."
I sat there silently. I was suddenly aware that my pulse had picked up and my mouth was dry. Fleeting images of myself standing naked in a room full of faceless strangers raced through my head. I shuffled in my seat and cleared my throat, trying to mask my excitement. Pete seemed to take my silence as his cue to go on.
"The next session is supposed to be on Wednesday and we still haven't got a model confirmed," Pete went on. "I think you should consider it, you'd be doing me and the group a massive favour. Darren is the guy who runs the classes, I'm sure I could convince him to up the fee to $500 for the short notice."
My eyes widened slightly at the mention of the additional payment. I'd hoped that Pete might not have noticed, but he grinned back at me, looking like a shark that was zeroing in on its prey.
"Have a think about it," Pete said, his eyes fixed on mine. "We've got until tomorrow to find a model before we need to call off the class. If no one comes forward by then I'll let you know."
"Fine," I replied with a shrug.
Pete got up and walked over to the bar order another round. I was glad he offered as my legs felt weak and I thought he might notice me trembling slightly. I was determined not to give away my excitement to him. I knew deep down that I was probably going to give in and agree to be his model, but I wanted it to look reluctant. After all these years of Pete coming onto me, I wanted him to feel like he'd finally broken me down, like he had won.
We stayed for a while longer but I could barely focus on anything that was being said. Eventually we called it a night and parted ways, but not before Pete reminded me to think over his offer. It was clear he wasn't going to give up easily, and it became much clearer by the time I arrived home. I had barely set foot through my front door when I felt my phone buzz in my pocket. The message was from Pete.
I've just spoken to Darren about the class and he said that he's calling it off since we haven't found a model.
I felt a strange mix of relief and disappointment at the message. It was short lived however as a second message from Pete came up on the screen.
I'm going to message him now and tell him that you will do it.
My momentary relief was instantly replaced with a rush of fear and excitement. In all the time that I had known Pete he had never come on this strong. I couldn't believe he had just volunteered my body for an art class. His message didn't seem to be asking permission, it felt like he was telling me what was going to happen and he just wanted me to acknowledge it. I couldn't believe he had just volunteered my body to a group of strangers like this.
With trembling fingers I typed out my two-letter reply.
Ok
----
Wednesday came around much faster than I would have liked, and before I knew it I found myself back at that seedy bar sitting across from Pete. I was clearly shaking with nerves and looked at least three shades paler than my normal self. Pete on the other hand was the picture of calm. He sat across from me nursing his drink grinning back at me.
The class was scheduled to begin at 10pm and Pete had suggested we arrive early to settle in and have a drink. Seeing how obviously nervous I was and perhaps fearing I would back out at the last minute, he had been busy over the last couple of hours plying me with drinks. After three vodka-sodas on an almost empty stomach I was definitely feeling a little more relaxed.
For the most part I wasn't nervous about the modeling, or being in a room full of strangers, I had more or less been down that road before. What had me shaking in my seat was the idea of being naked in front of Pete. He was still firmly under the impression that I was a straight male, and in spite of this he had spent the majority of our friendship trying to get my clothes off. Now as we sat here he was minutes away from having his wish fulfilled. It excited and terrified me when I tried to imagine his reaction.
I was introduced to Darren, the event organiser at the bar. He was an older guy in his mid-forties with greying dark hair. He stood about a head taller than me and was broad shouldered and muscular. He looked like he could have been a wrestler of football player back in his prime. After a rough handshake Darren explained that they were just setting up the back room and would be ready to begin in about ten minutes. I knocked back my drink and quickly ordered another.
By the time Darren returned I was feeling the full affect of the four drinks I had just raced my way through. When I stood from my chair I felt myself swaying slightly and took a moment to steady myself. I gave a nervous smile to Pete who returned it with a wide grin. Darren led me through the door to the back room and closed it behind us.
The room was about the size of a small restaurant. Darren explained that they used it for a number of different events, but tonight it was set up especially for the class. The windows were blacked out with curtains and a large space had been cleared in the centre. At one end of the room was a small podium, about two feet off the floor. Facing the podium in a wide semi-circle were about 10 easels and chairs all set up to give a clear view.
Darren beckoned to the far end of the room behind the easels. "There's a small changing room through there. I've left a robe out for you, just leave all of your clothes in there and I'll let you know when we're ready for you." Without another word he turned and walked from the room.
Changing room was a rather grandiose term for the room. Closing the door behind me I found myself in a dingy little room that was probably once a bathroom. Filthy tiling lined the floor and walls and a single dim light bulb hung from a cord from the ceiling. On one side of the room was a grimy full-length mirror and on the other sat a pile of cardboard boxes with a small bathrobe draped over them.
I began to undress myself, my fingers shaking and fumbling over zippers and buttons. One by one I dumped my clothes onto the pile of boxes until I was left standing in only my underwear. Turning to face the grimy mirror I took a moment to let the image sink in. There I was, pale, skinny and smooth, standing nearly naked in a filthy back room. My cheeks were slightly flushed from the mix of alcohol and nerves and I could see my legs trembling.
With shaking hands I quickly pulled down my underwear and stepped out of them. My heart was racing as I took in my reflection. My little cock stood limp atop my smooth shaved balls, my pale skin illuminating my nakedness. I was startled back to reality by a sharp knock on the door and I dove towards the bathrobe wrapping it around my body loosely only a second before Darren swung the door open. He gave me a smile tinged with the hint of a sneer as he beaconed me back into the room.
The room that had been empty only moments ago was now host to about a dozen guests. I don't know what I had been expecting, but as I scanned the room I was hit with the realisation that everyone there was male. They were all staring at me with appraising eyes, casting looks up and down my body from my face to my bare feet. I locked eyes with Pete who was sitting closest to the podium, grinning from ear to ear as he watched me make my way across the room.
There was dead silence as I crossed the room, the soft thudding of my bare feet ringing in my ears and the loose tie on the bathrobe threatening to slip at any second. Darren placed a firm hand on my back as he guided me to the far end. Once we reached the podium he turned to address the room.
"Most of you know the drill, but we have a couple of new comers tonight," his deep voice broke the tense silence. "We're going to start off with some simple poses and then move to something a little more advanced. Each pose will last for 20 minutes and we will have a short break halfway through." He turned to address me, "Nick, for the first pose I'd like you sitting down, knees raised with your hands resting on top of them."
My heart was now racing so fast that a lump had formed in my throat and I couldn't reply, instead I just meekly nodded and took a step towards the podium. Before I even had a chance to decide what to do with my robe I felt Darren's rough hand on the back of my neck. It slid down to the hemline of the robe and in one smooth motion he grabbed and pulled. The loose tie on my waist offered no resistance as the robe was swiftly pulled from my body. I almost tripped on the step up to the podium and as I regained my balance the shock of what happened suddenly hit me. I was now standing stark naked in a room full of strange men. I stood there stunned for a moment, my arms dangling limp at my sides. I locked eyes again with Pete who was now staring intently at me with a stunned look on his face. I watched as his eyes traced their way up my body, stopping to stare directly at my little cock and balls. Then he looked up at me and his stupefied expression was immediately replaced with a sneering look of lust.
Easing my way down slowly on trembling legs, I assumed the position that Darren had given me. I thought I heard a couple of stifled sniggers when I filched slightly as my butt cheeks came into contact with the cold floor of the podium. Sitting up straight I opened my legs and rested my hands on top of my raised knees as instructed. My shaved cock and balls were now directly exposed to the group in front of me. I could only imagine how badly I was blushing as I felt the blood rush to my face. As I scanned the room I was met with numerous smirking faces as the artists stared down at my little dick hanging limply between my open legs.
Darren instructed the class to pick up their pencils and begin. The next 20 minutes passed quickly as I went into a daze, the soft scribbling of pencils the only sound in the room. After what seemed like only a few moments Darren called for everyone to stop as we moved to a new pose. Asking me to step off the podium, he carried over a pile of pillows and set them up in the middle. He then instructed me to sit down on them with my legs parted and my elbows behind me to support my weight. I felt immediately exposed and defenseless as soon as I got into position. With my arms behind me and my feet on the floor, my cock was thrust pathetically into the air, barely even large enough to fall to the side. I also found it extremely hard to get into a comfortable position and every little movement caused my little dick to noticeably wiggle.
The only benefit of being in this position was that it was almost impossible to keep my head up, so I could no longer see the sneering faces of the group encircling me. The next 20 minutes passed much more slowly as I felt the discomfort of my position settle in. Each time I shifted slightly I could feel my cock give a little wiggle and I would hear an accompanying snicker from at least one member of the group. In spite of the mounting pain I found myself relaxing slightly, no longer trembling with nerves but now starting to tremble with excitement. Bent over backwards I was thrusting my cock straight in the direction of Pete who was seated less than six feet away soaking in every detail.
Just when I thought that my arms were about to buckle under the pain, Darren finally called a break. As he helped me up from the podium the rest of the room began standing and making their way to the door.
"We're just going to take a drinks break," he explained to me. "We'll get something for you, just have a seat and relax in the meantime." With that he turned and left the room.
I looked around the podium for the bathrobe before noticing that it was now hanging on the far side of the room, just past the open door leading to the bar. Before I could contemplate making a quick dash past the door Pete cut me off. He stood grinning down at me, clearly enjoying the power shift. For so long now I had tease and toyed with him, always ultimately rebuffing his advances, but now I stood before him, trembling and naked while he leered at my body. I felt the sudden urge to cover myself with my hands but forced myself to resist.
"That wasn't so bad was it?" he asked with a smirk.
"Easy for you to say," I replied with my best attempt at confidence.
"Well I hope you didn't struggle too much," Pete replied, "The next round tends to be a little more involved."
Before I could ask him what he meant by that, the group began filing their way back into the room. My heart sunk in my chest as I realised they had been joined by one extra person. The bartender who had been serving us earlier that night had followed the group in whilst carrying a tray of drinks. From my best guess she couldn't have been much older than 18 and probably hadn't been working here for too long. As she looked over to where Pete and I were standing her eyebrows shot up and she choked back a laugh. With her eyes lingering for a moment on my limp cock she strode over to hand out the drinks. As she turned to leave she cast one last glance at my crotch with a demeaning half smile on her face.
Blushing furiously, I turned my attention back to Pete who was still talking. He was saying something about the next round of poses but I couldn't focus with my mind racing as it was. The door to the bar was still open and whatever drink I had just been given was a lot stronger than what I had been drinking before. The ten-minute drink break slowly turned into half an hour as more drinks were brought into the room tray by tray. I could tell that everyone in the room was starting to get a little tipsy although I myself was well past that point. Every time I tried to break away to retrieve my robe another member of the group would suddenly appear and introduce themselves. By the time Darren called everyone back to their seats I guessed we had been mingling and drinking for close to an hour.
I swayed slightly as Darren lead me back to the podium. Whilst before he had led me with a hand on my back, he now firmly gripped my ass as we walked across the room. The pillows were still piled in the centre and he guided me down so that I was once again leaning back on the heap. As I sat down I noticed that there was now a small mirror propped up in front of the podium so that I could now see my reflection.
"We've run overtime so we've only got time for one last pose," he said addressing the group. "Given that fact, I've asked everyone to vote and we have a clear winner." Turning to me he said, "This one is a little more difficult so I'm going to help you. Lie back and lift up your legs."
He moved around behind me and sat down cross-legged. As I leant back my head came to a rest in his lap, my neck pushed forward so that I was still facing the group. Unsure of where Darren was going with this I lifted my legs up, knees pressed together and brought them up to my chest. Darren reached forward and with one hand sliding under each of my thighs he pulled them apart. I let out a gasp of shock as my knees were pulled roughly apart, thrusting my crotch towards the group. I could barely move an inch under Darren's vice like grip as he contorted my body into an almost pretzel like shape.
Darren leant forward and whispered into my ear so that only I could hear, "It's time we give these boys a good show. Why don't you reach down and spread those cheeks of yours?"
Although it clearly wasn't a question, I felt strangely compelled to comply. My mind felt foggy and drunk, and a fresh wave of arousal was coursing through my body. Sliding my hands down to either side of my ass cheeks, I gently gripped each one and pulled back. I watched in the mirror as my cheeks parted offering the slightest glimpse of my puckered asshole.
"You can do better than that," Darren said, slightly louder this time, "open yourself up."
My heart was racing as I adjusted my grip. Holding tighter as Darren let me slide a little down the pile of cushions, I pulled back as far as I could. The view in the mirror in front of me was obscene. With my heavy eyelids and blushing face I was spread completely open for the whole room. My tight little asshole was so spread that it was in danger of opening as I desperately tried to clench it against the pull of my hands.
Pete was just staring at me wide-eyed. Coming to his senses he picked up a pencil and started to sketch, but he was barely glimpsing at the canvas as he took in the sight in front of him. Against all of my willpower, I felt myself starting to get hard. My little cock twitched as it slowly stiffened and pointed further up towards my face. An intense wave of humiliation washed over me as my prick reached its full hardness and stood straight out like a little arrow pointing up my chest. Pete was biting his bottom lip as his hand moved blindly across the paper in front of him, never breaking eye contact with my body.
I let myself relax and slide back a little more, though never loosening my grip on myself. The alcohol had done its job in making me fully compliant. I felt like I was in a haze as I lay there completely on show, wondering what would happen next.
I don't recall how much time had passed when Darren finally released his hold on me. As he pulled me up to my feet I wobbled on shaking legs, my prick still standing to attention. Darren was patting me on the back and thanking me for my participation but I was still too dazed reply. I felt a strange sort of regret that the night seemed to be wrapping up.
As the group began packing up and pulling on jackets I stayed standing by the podium. One by one they came up and thanked me before turning to leave. By the time Pete arrived my cock had wilted back to its limp state and the haze around my head was beginning to clear.
"You did great," he said with a grin. "Come on, I need to buy you a drink to celebrate."
Pete wrapped an arm around my shoulder and began walking me towards the door. I was about to protest, my clothes were still tucked away in the back room, but before I could even form the words in my mouth we were stepping through into the bar. The room was far emptier than when we had arrived but there were still half a dozen people milling about at different tables. Every one of them looked up as Pete and I crossed the threshold. There were mingled looks of shock, amusement and embarrassment as Pete walked me straight toward the bar. He kept his arm around my shoulders, parading me like some kind of recently won trophy as my bare feet peeled off the sticky bar floor with every step.
Pete guided me over to a bar table before going to the bar to order for us. As I sat down on the stool I realised I was now sitting about a foot higher than everyone else seated in the side booths, and the tall table offered no cover for my unclad body. Pete returned with two drinks, the first of which I knocked back in one go.
"You surprised me a little back there," he said. "I figured that you might enjoy it, I just didn't think that you'd enjoy it so much." As he said this he glanced down at my now limp cock.
"I'm not really sure what came over me." I replied. "I didn't really expect that either. To be fair, you kind of implied that the poses would be a lot more tasteful than they really were."
"Well, I was worried you might chicken out..." he said, trailing off with a shrug.
I was painfully aware that every eye in the room was on me; the bartender was smirking at me as she poured a drink. I was torn between wanting to get my clothes back and wanting the night to continue. So far Pete seemed oblivious to my humiliation and totally content to keep me naked as long as he wished. He'd waited a long time for this moment and it didn't seem like he was prepared for it to end any time soon. I decided there and then that I would let Pete call the shots. I would do what he told me, when he told me and he could decide when it was time for the night to end.
Pete ordered a few more rounds of drinks and before long we found ourselves almost alone in the bar, our table littered with empty glasses. I had all but forgotten my nakedness and was balancing on the stool with my legs splayed and my little cock thrust out. With each drink I felt my inhibitions slipping and my arousal growing. Pete had placed his hand on my leg and, sensing no disapproval from me, had began to rub up and down the inside of my thigh.
Finally the bartender announced that they were closing the bar and we needed to clear out. As I climbed down from my stool I realised for the first time just how full my bladder now was. I told Pete that I was going to the bathroom and asked if he would mind grabbing my clothes. I stumbled down the back corridor to the bathroom and managed to push my way in. Despite everything that had already happened tonight, I was hit with the strangeness of my situation. I was standing alone and naked in a dive bar toilet. It's an unusual sensation to be somewhere so familiar but to feel so foreign. The floor was slightly damp and I walked carefully across the tile, not wanting to trip. After relieving myself at the urinal for what felt like a full minute I carefully crossed the room to the sinks and began splashing my face with water. This woke me up a little and cleared a bit of the drunken cobwebs from my head.
As I opened the bathroom door to leave I almost walked straight into Pete. He was standing in the doorway looking uncertain. He glanced down towards the bar where I could hear the clinking of glasses being cleared from our table. I noticed that he was not holding my clothes.
"I have an idea," he said excitedly, still shooting looks back towards the bar. "Leave your clothes and come outside with me."
"What?" I replied dumbly, thinking I had misheard him.
"I really want to take a few photos of you. We can just duck out the back quickly and slip back in to grab your clothes after. They'll be cleaning this place for the next hour at least."
I glanced over Pete's shoulder towards the heavy fire exit at the end of the corridor. I had told myself that I would go along with anything Pete wanted but I hadn't considered anything this risky.
Pete reached out and took hold of my hand and said, "Come on, it'll be fun. Just a couple quick poses."
With only a quick glance back towards the bar, Pete guided me towards the door and gave it a hard push with his shoulder. The door swung open and we stepped though into the dark back alley. I experienced a brief shock as the cold night air hit my skin. I hadn't realised how much I had been relying on the bar's heating and I immediately started questioning my decision. As I turned to look back at the door, it swung shut with a heavy thud sealing the entrance. I could already feel my nipples hardening in the cold, my cock and balls shriveling as my body struggled to adjust. I began to shiver as I shifted my weight from one foot to the other on the cold, hard pavement of the alleyway. Pete grinned at me as he ran his eyes over my shivering body. I could feel goose bumps rising over every inch of my skin. I didn't need to look at my cock to know that it had probably shrunk down to almost an inch.
"Lets go for a little walk to warm you up," Pete said. "The lighting here is terrible anyway."
It wasn't like I had any choice, the door to the bar was locked shut and I couldn't just stand here and freeze. Pete was already walking away, taking a right turn down a separate alley. I quickly trotted after him with my arms wrapped around my chest. I could hear the soft slapping of my bare feet on the filthy pavement and with every step I felt the slight tugging sensation in crotch as my cock bounced up and down, pathetic and exposed.
We wandered through the back alleys for a few minutes with Pete leading the way. They served as back entrances and delivery points for the local shops that faced onto the street. Every foot of space was cluttered with dumpsters, bin bags and cardboard boxes so I had to keep a close eye on where I was walking. Each time we passed a doorway I felt a momentary flutter of excited panic as I imagined it swinging open and bathing me in light. It was past midnight on a Wednesday so the likelihood of anyone still being inside any of the shops was slim, but it still felt exhilarating to know that I would have nowhere to hide.
Eventually we came to a stop in an open area where four alleys connected at a crossroad. It was much brighter here, mostly due to the fact that we were now only about 10 metres from the sidewalk of the main road. As I looked down one of the paths I could clearly see the street lamps lining the road and the park on the far side. As I was scanning the park and street to try and see if there was anyone around a car slowly crept past. In a moment of panic I flattened myself against the cold brick of the wall behind me, but the car continued without stopping.
"Don't worry," Pete said laughing at me, "Nobody's going to be looking down here. Come on, this place is perfect, lets take a couple of shots."
Pete pulled his phone from his pocket and ushered me over the far wall. He started positioning me into various poses, occasionally stepping forward to shift my arm or leg in some way. With every new pose I felt my nerves steadying and my excitement growing. Eventually Pete had me reenact the second pose from the drawing class. Bent over backwards with my hands one the filthy ground I felt a wave of arousal and shame course through me. My little prick was once again rock hard and pointing skyward, the faint glisten of precum coating its tip. Pete took a couple of close up pictures, making sure to capture every little detail.
As he was helping me up from this position I heard the unmistakable sound of approaching footsteps. They sounded like they were coming from the main street and heading our way. I found myself momentarily frozen to the spot, eyes wide and searching for a place to hide. Before I could make a decision Pete had grabbed me by the arm and shoved me in the direction of the nearest dumpster.
"Stay down," he whispered, "I think they're coming this way."
I hunched down into an awkward squatting position, taking great care not to let any part of my body come into contact with the assorted bits of refuse littering the ground around the dumpster. As I struggled to find my balance I heard the footsteps grow louder as the stranger rounded the corner into the alleyway. Then Pete did something that caught me completely off guard.
Hastily pulling open his zipper, Pete reached into his pants and pulled out his cock. Stepping over towards where I was crouched he thrust it towards my face, one hand holding it upright. I started gob smacked as the shaft that was now being held inches before my eyes. Unlike me, Pete was circumcised, and unlike me his cock was more than a handful. It looked around ten inches long and almost as thick as my wrist. I had always known that he would have been bigger than me; I just had never imagined it would be to this extent.
"Hey mate, a bit of privacy if you don't mind?" Pete called out to the stranger. At that same moment a jet of piss erupted from the tip of his shaft.
I pushed back in surprise, trying to escape the stream just inches from my face, but what little balance I had wasn't enough to keep me upright. I fell back onto a pile of cardboard next to the dumpster, my legs giving out underneath me, narrowly avoiding the stream of urine as it splashed against the wall behind me and puddled at my feet. I was holding my breath and trying desperately not to make a sound. I heard the stranger give a mumbled apology and turn around, walking back the way he came. I waited until he was completely out of earshot before letting out a sigh of relief.
Pete gave a few quick shakes and tucked himself away before reaching out a hand to pull me to my feet. He pointed at my legs and feet which were now covered in flecks of grime and dirt and said, "We need to get you cleaned up, I'm pretty sure there's a tap or a hose we can use in the park across the street."
My heart fluttered as he said this. Pete was already walking towards the end of the alley, cautiously peering out onto the street. He turned back and beaconed me over with a nod.
Pressed against the sidewall, I peered out onto the street scanning the surrounding area. Once I was certain there was no one in sight I took a hesitant step out onto the sidewalk. Crossing the threshold from the alleyway to the street felt like passing through a doorway into another world. No longer was I creeping around the back roads, I was now standing stark naked in the middle of the city. A cold breeze danced its way across my body covering me once again with goose bumps. I was so excited now that I was drawing breath in short fast bursts, my legs trembling and threatening to give out beneath me. I took quick look left and right before stepping onto the road, ready to sprint across to the other side.
Before I could take a step I felt Pete's hand on my shoulder. "You don't want to get caught jay-walking now," he said with a smirk. He pointed further up the sidewalk to where the pedestrian crossing was softly beeping and said, "No running."
My heart was racing in my chest as I began slowly walking towards the crossing. It was far enough away that I would have to pass by dozens of shop fronts and apartment entrances, not to mention the countless street lamps shining down and reflecting off my pale body. As I walked past the front of a clothing store I saw myself reflected in the window of their mannequin display. Along side the mannequins I looked short and diminutive, my hard little cock was sticking out in front of me, bobbing up and down with each step. I paused for a moment, imagining myself as a real life mannequin in the shop front, being undressed by a bored employee while a crowd of people gathered to witness my shame. I could feel more precum beginning to leak from the tip of my penis and I took a sharp breath as I pulled myself out of my fantasy and kept walking.
Finally arriving at the crossing, I pressed the button and stood with my hands at my side waiting nervously for the light to go green. The steady beeping coming from the speaker sounded like a shrill siren beaconing everyone to look out of their windows at the naked boy on the street. A few times I heard the distant rumble of a car engine and found myself desperately hoping that they would turn down our street, but none came.
When the light turned green I made sure to drag out my walk across the street for as long as I could. Taking small steps I made my way to the middle of the street where I stopped. Pausing for a moment to steady my heart rate, I dropped down onto all fours and arched my back. I pushed my shoulders down until I was nearly pressed against the road and parted my knees. From this position I had my ass facing directly down the main street, completely exposed. Pete quickly moved around behind me and crouched down to snap a few photos. I could feel a cold breeze against my puckered asshole and knew that Pete would have an obscene view from where he was crouching.
Climbing back up, I brushed the gravel and dirt from my knees and turned back to face Pete. Placing my feet as far apart as I could manage and putting my hands on top of my head, I thrust my crotch forward. Pete snapped a few more photos, gradually moving closer until the camera could make out the droplet of precum leaking from the tip of my cock. He reached forward and traced his index finger along the base of my shaft, quickly wiping up the sticky fluid and bringing it to his lips. Up until this point in the night, despite everything that I had gone through I had still managed to avoid touching my cock at any point. The sudden sensation of contact came so unexpectedly I felt as though I was about to cum. I gave an involuntary shudder and had to bite my lip trying desperately not to explode over the road in front of me.
This was clearly not lost on Pete, who laughed smugly at my scrunched up face. "Lets get you over to the park before you make a mess," he smirked.
The lights changed from green to red, so I quickly jogged the rest of the way. I could feel my little cock bouncing up and down, little droplets of precum dripping onto my thighs. As we reached the entrance to the park Pete took the lead once again, taking us down the cold brick pathway that lead deeper into the dense bushy area in the middle. Every step that I took seemed to intensify my arousal. I was moving steadily further and further away from my clothes, from safety and from civilisation. I wondered if anyone had seen my sordid display in the middle of the road and what they would have thought if they had. I wondered what Pete had in store for me, knowing full well that I was now completely under his control.
After a couple of minutes of walking we came to a stop in the middle of the park where there was a circular clearing with benches lining the outside. At the centre stood a large multilevel fountain with water gently running down its tiers and collecting in a wide pool at its base.
"Well, it's a little bigger than a tap, but I'm sure this will work." Pete said with a chuckle.
All of the walking over the last few minutes had warmed me up and I had almost forgotten just how cold it was outside. The giant pool of water before me looked calm and frigid as I nervously approached the edge of the basin. One foot at a time, careful not to lose my balance on the slippery concrete, I stepped into the water. My breath froze in my chest as the cold assaulted my feet. I instantly felt my cock wilt and begin to shrivel as my balls contracted into a pathetic little bulge. I knew if I thought about it for too long I would chicken out, so gritting my teeth and taking a deep breath I let myself sink entirely below the water. A split second later I was back above the surface taking shuddering breaths as the freezing water enveloped every inch of my body. Shivering furiously I began to scrub at my legs and chest, trying to get my blood flowing as I scoured the grime from my body.
Deciding that I couldn't take it any longer, I scrambled over the lip of the fountain, almost losing my footing as my numb legs struggled to support my weight. I was hopping from one foot to the other trying desperately to wipe the water from my body while looking around for something to towel myself with.
"We probably should have brought a towel or something," Pete laughed as he watched me bouncing on the spot. "Try doing some star jumps, that should warm you up."
I began frantically jumping on the spot; splaying my limbs with every leap and tucking them back in as my bare feet came painfully back into contact with the ground. Pete stood there laughing and snapping photos on his phone, enjoying every second of my humiliation. Never in a million years had I imagined that I would ever be so exposed in front of him as I had been tonight. There he was, fully dressed and warmly wrapped in a jacket with a smirk on his face while I pranced up and down butt naked my cock pathetically shriveled and barely visible in the dim light.
After nearly a full minute of foolishly jumping up and down I came to a stop, hunched over with my hands on my knees panting to catch my breath. Despite the fact that it probably wasn't Pete's intention, the star jumps had actually worked quite well. Warmth and feeling were returning and the cool night air-dried most of the water from my body. I was still covered in a layer of goose bumps, but I was no longer trembling from the cold.
Pete began to say something but cut himself short, turning his head to the side as though straining to listen for something. As I stood silently trying to hear what it was I realised that I could make out the faint sound of voices growing nearer. Although too far to distinguish the actual words being said, they were clearly male and there was more than one. I stood frozen to the spot, torn between running for cover and standing my ground. I had no idea who these people were, but the thought of them stumbling upon me naked, damp and defenseless both terrified and exited me.
Fortunately Pete made the decision for the both of us. Taking me by the arm he quickly walked us over to the nearby bushes and hastily pushed his way in. I followed behind, gingerly stepping my way into the shrubbery, painfully aware of the sharp branches poking at my bare skin. We crouched down until we were both completely concealed by branches and leaves just as five young men rounded the corner and approached the fountain. I was forced down into an awkward squatting position, my knees splayed apart and shoulders slightly hunched to keep myself hidden. Pete was crouched behind me down on his knees; he had one hand on my shoulder helping to steady me.
Despite the thick bushes covering me from view, I felt insanely exposed. I was facing this group of strangers with my legs spread and my hairless crotch completely on display. I was too afraid to move a muscle in case I snapped a twig or made come other sound to give away our position. The group had made their way over to one of the benches directly opposite us and were now standing around as one of them began rolling a joint. It looked like they were going to be here for a little while.
I felt Pete take his hand away and a moment later he replaced it on my lower back. I filched slightly as I felt that one of his fingers was now wet. I assumed he had quickly sucked on it when he took his hand from my shoulder. He began to lightly trace his fingers across my lower back and across my ass cheeks. I was still frozen to the spot, but the sensation of him caressing me in this vulnerable state was driving me crazy. He could tell that I was too afraid to move and was taking advantage of the position that I was stuck in. I could feel the blood rushing to my groin as my little prick beginning to harden and poke forward.
Gradually Pete let his fingers trace lower and lower until they were gently tracing around the edges of my asshole. From the way I was squatting he had complete unrestricted access to my opening, which was being pulled apart by my spread knees. I got a sudden jolt as he placed the tip of his middle finger directly against the opening of my anus. He held it there without moving, putting only the slightest bit of pressure against my puckered hole. It seemed almost like he was judging my reaction and waiting for some kind of permission. With the slightest movement, carefully so as not to make a sound, I pushed back against his finger.
This was all the invitation he needed. Slowly but firmly, Pete began to press his finger against my asshole. I felt a slight stretching as the tip of his finger pushed past my anus and entered me. He began to gently probe around, pulling at the sides of my asshole as it involuntarily clenched. I reached out and held onto a nearby branch for support and slowly closed my eyes. I could still hear the voices of the nearby group but I no longer cared, I was completely absorbed in the moment. Gradually Pete began working his finger deeper inside one knuckle at a time until I felt the rest of his hand pressing against me from below. Once completely buried inside me he began to work it slowly in and out, building up a pace as he fingered my tight hole. I was rocking slightly with the motion, my breath coming in quick shallow bursts. My little cock was rock hard once again and leaking steadily from its tip.
"Don't cum yet," Pete whispered into my ear. He slid his finger out of me and replaced it with two. I let out a stifled groan at the sudden intrusion but Pete just kept working his fingers deeper inside of me. Moving faster now, he began fucking my hole with his fingers while I bit my lip trying desperately to quiet my moaning. I could feel the pressure building in my balls as I edged closer and closer to release, trying with all of my might not to explode. Pete must have sensed this too as he slowed the pace and gently eased his fingers out from inside of me. I let out a shudder at the sudden feeling of emptiness and slowly opened my eyes. The group it seemed had departed some time ago. I strained my ears trying to hear any noises in the immediate area but was greeted only with silence.
Pete stood up behind me, brushed off his knees and helped me to my feet. He did a quick scan of the area before helping me out of the bushes and back onto the path. I could feel myself blushing furiously, humiliated at how easily I had let him take advantage of me. There was no use pretending that I hadn't enjoyed it, my rock hard cock would have betrayed that lie immediately.
Pete had a sly grin on his face as he stared off at something to our left. Following his gaze, my eyes fell on the entrance to the park's subway station, dimly illuminated at the far end of one of the pathways. Pete checked the time and said, "We'd better hurry or we'll miss the last train."
I stood there, dumbfounded for a moment before replying, "You cannot be serious."
"I am," Pete replied smugly. "I mean the bar is definitely closed by now and it's not like we can get you in a cab looking like this. I live a few stops from here so it's the quickest and easiest way to get us home. Besides, it's past midnight on a weekday, nobody is going to be on the trains."
I couldn't argue with that logic, and even if I had I got the feeling that it wouldn't have gotten me anywhere. Pete gave me a playful slap on my bare ass and nodded his head towards the path leading to the subway entrance. I was worried that the group of guys might still be in the area, so I made my way towards the station slowly and quietly. As we grew closer the previously dim lights at the top of the stairs seemed to glow brighter and stronger. As I began to descend the stairs into the underground station I could hear the soft slapping of my bare feet amplified by the echo of the tunnel, each step ringing in my ears. I took a minute for my eyes to adjust from the darkness of the park to the stark fluorescent lighting of the tunnel. With Pete walking behind me I had nothing to hide behind as I rounded each corner, praying that there was nobody waiting on the other side.
I could hear Pete snapping photos as he walked behind me, taking advantage of the bright lighting to capture details that would have been hard to make out before. With each step I could feel my smooth ass cheeks wiggle slightly and my still hard cock was bouncing up and down in front of me, pointing straight forward. By the time we arrived at the platform my eyes had fully adjusted. I caught my reflection in the glass window of the deserted attendant's office and felt my cheeks flush with embarrassment at how illuminated my pale skin was under the platform lighting and how clearly I could see the reflection of my little bouncing prick.
The screen above the Platform showed three minutes remaining before our train arrived. In any other circumstances, three minutes would have felt like no time at all, but in my current state it seemed like an eternity of waiting. Under the harsh station lights I felt more exposed than I had all night. Besides the several pillars lining the platform, there was nowhere to hide. Of course once the train arrived I would find myself in a new predicament altogether. The station closest to Pete's apartment was twelve stops away, so at the very least I would be spending over twenty minutes trapped on a well lit subway carriage as it pulled into each stop. I looked over at Pete who was standing over by the ticket machine feeding coins into it. It seemed ridiculous that he was buying tickets for us considering the circumstances, but I wasn't about to question it.
I felt so dirty standing naked and trembling on the abandoned platform. I tried to imagine how it looked during peak hour, crammed full of commuters impatiently waiting for their train. I imagined myself being swept up into the crowd of people as they piled into the train, my naked body pressed in on all sides as I was forced forward into the carriage. I gave a shudder as I felt a trickle of precum leak from the tip of my prick. I was further pulled from my daydreaming as I heard the low rumble of the approaching train. I quickly dashed over to the nearest pillar and flattened myself against the far side. I had barely registered the sensation of the cold tile pressed against my back when the tunnel was suddenly illuminated with the headlights of the approaching train.
The eight-carriage subway came to a screeching stop at the platform, the high-pitched shriek of its break echoing off the tiled walls of the station. I held my breath as the doors softly hissed open, waiting for any sign that someone was about to disembark. Pete was walking the length of the train scanning each carriage before beaconing me over to where he stood at the far end of the train.
"It's completely empty," he hissed, "Come on, quickly."
I quickly jogged over to where he was standing, my cock bouncing up and down in front of me. It was undoubtedly empty; you could see the entire interior through the large windows lining its length. This also meant that I would have no possible place to hide as we pulled into each station. As I stepped through the door placing my feet on the sticky linoleum floor the door gave a slight hiss as it sealed itself behind me. No turning back now. Pete was already settling down on one of the long rows of seats that lined each side of the carriage. He leant back with his arms draped over the seats on either side and legs spread. He was smiling at me, and the cocky look on his face made me feel strangely nervous.
"I've been thinking, you need to pay me back for the ticket that I bought for you, but you obviously don't have any money on you..." Pete trailed off letting his eyes wander across my body. At the same time he parted his legs slightly further as he slid forward in his seat. There was no question in my mind what Pete wanted, and with a sudden tightness in my chest I realised how much I wanted it too. The rest of the carriage seemed to disappear from my mind as I made my way towards him. Kneeling down on the sticky floor of the train, I placed my hands on his thighs and looked up at him. Pete wasted no time unbuckling his belt and shuffling his pants down below his crotch. His cock sprung upwards and for the second time that night I got an up-close look at his shaft.
My heart was pounding in my chest as Pete stared down at me waiting for me to make the first move. I took a few seconds to savour the moment, kneeling down butt naked on a public train in front of my friend's exposed cock. It still seemed so unreal, when only a few hours before Pete had never seen so much as my bare ass, and now I was on the ground in front of him, about to suck his cock for the cost of a train ticket.
Looking up with the most subservient expression I could muster I locked eyes with Pete, and then I leant forward and traced the tip of my tongue from the base of his shaft to the top. Pete let out an involuntary shudder and slid further back in his seat. Still using only the tip of my tongue, I began to gently caress the length of his cock, working up and down along the base and the sides. Pete's head had lolled back as his eyes closed, handing all control over to me. I worked my way back up to the tip of his cock and slowly worked my lips around his glans and began to suck. It didn't take long for me to build up a rhythm, working my head up and down taking as much of his girth as I could fit in my mouth. Pete placed a firm hand on top of my head and began pumping me up and down, fucking my face. I was so lost in the rhythm of it all that I no longer cared if anyone saw me. I found myself starting to hope that someone would enter the carriage and bear witness to my humiliation. Every time I felt the carriage pull to a stop at a platform I would reach back and pull my ass cheeks apart, imagining the obscene display that I would be giving to anyone with a view of the inside.
A few times it seemed that Pete was close to cumming and I would feel his body tense and hips thrust forward, but then he would pull back and resume his moaning as I kept bobbing up and down. I could not believe how long he was holding out for when I was so close to cumming myself, and it wasn't long before I had lost count of how many stations we had pulled into. When we finally pulled into our station Pete had still not cum. Gently pulling my face away from his crotch, he helped me to my feet while awkwardly cramming his erect cock back into his pants. My legs were stiff and trembling as he guided me out of the carriage and onto the platform. I was in a daze as he lead me through the station and up the stairs, my cock throbbing as it stood out in front of me.
We stepped out of the station exit onto a street that was cold, dark and empty. A single street lamp nearby cast a dim light that barely illuminated the ground below it. Pete unzipped once again and pulled his cock from his pants. I didn't hesitate as I dropped to my knees in front of him again and took him into my mouth. The filthy train carriage seemed positively clean by comparison, and this felt so much dirtier than moments before. I could feel the rough pavement scraping at my knees and the cold night air caressing my body. I knelt up and arched my back so that my ass was pointing in the direction of the street. If anyone walked past they would have an unobstructed view of my pale body and spread cheeks.
I was furiously bobbing my head up and down, coating Pete's shaft in my saliva. I couldn't believe how excited I was, working my mouth up and down along his shaft as I knelt naked outside a train station. As much as I desperately wanted Pete to cum, I didn't want this moment to end. But without warning, Pete suddenly let out a deep groan and tensed as he began cumming into my mouth. I felt strong spurt after spurt of warm semen hitting the back of my throat. I kept my lips wrapped around the end of his cock for as long as I could, coaxing out more cum with the tip of my tongue. I didn't take long until my mouth was entirely filled. I pulled back, and without swallowing, tilted my head back with my mouth open. The amount of cum erupting from Pete's shaft was incredible. In seconds my mouth was filled and it began to spill from the sides, leaking down my chin onto my chest. When he finally subsided I closed my mouth, spilling a little more cum in the process, and swallowed everything.
I must have looked like a mess kneeling in front of him, panting with my face smeared with his cum. Wiping up some of the spilled juices from my chest, I coated my hand and began to jerking my little cock. I watched in awe as Pete's slowly softening cock began twitching and hardening. Pushing me back so that my shoulders were pressed against the pavement, he lifted me up by my hips and raised them above my head. I was now pinned to the ground, my ass facing the sky and legs dangling uselessly over my face. I had a perfect view of my little prick as it pointed towards my face with my little balls dangling over the top.
Roughly spreading my ass cheeks with his hands, Pete leant forward and spat. I flinched as I felt the saliva hit my exposed anus, and Pete wasted no time working it in with his fingers. Adjusting his position, he lined up the tip of his cock with my opening and grabbed my thighs, spreading them apart. I fought the involuntary urge to tense as he began to push forward, but Pete didn't even seem to notice me. Only hours earlier I had been the friend that had teased and denied him for years, but now I was just a piece of meat that was waiting to get fucked.
I clenched my teeth as he began to push forward forcing his way inside of me. As my asshole widened to allow the intrusion Pete began slowly rocking the tip of his cock in and out, gradually loosening me up. Then with one quick motion he plunged the entire length of his cock into me. As his hips pressed up against my butt cheeks I fought the urge to scream. Pete pulled back, almost entirely out of me, and then plunged in again. He quickly built up a rhythm, jack hammering my tight hole as I felt the pain give way to pleasure. He reached forward and took my little prick in his hand and began pumping it at my face.
"Don't cum yet," he groaned between thrusts, "wait until I do."
I felt slightly panicked, worrying that I wouldn't last as long and was going to empty my little balls without permission. Fortunately Pete didn't have quite as much stamina as before and it was only few minutes before he began shooting his load into me. As I felt his warm cum spilling into my ass I immediately started cumming. With a few spurts that were pathetic by comparison, my little cock erupted directly into my face, coating it with a few short streaks of my own jizz.
Pete pulled himself out of me and let me collapse into a pile on the pavement. I lay there panting as he pulled his pants back up, the cum on my face already starting to dry in the cool night air. Pete took me by both hands and lifted me shakily to my feet before stepping back to examine me.
"I think it's time to get you home and cleaned up," he said with a laugh. "Come on, it's not far from here."
I followed behind him as we made our way down the street. I was still dazed in the after glow of my orgasm and everything felt slightly surreal. I had visited Pete's apartment many times before, and to find myself walking down this street now in this state felt unreal and exciting. My pale body was flecked with gravel and dirt and I still has streaks of semen drying on my face. With each step I could feel Pete's cum leaking out of my stretched asshole, and my already wilted cock bobbing pathetically up and down.
When we got back to Pete's apartment he had us sneak in quietly, telling me that he didn't want to wake up his roommate. He showed me to the bathroom before heading off in the direction of his room, saying that he was ready to pass out. I lost track of how long that I stood under the shower letting the water run across my body, washing off the accumulated grime of the night's activities. When I finally emerged, still naked and slightly wet, I saw that Pete had made a bed for me on the couch. Without the energy to even pull back the sheet, I collapsed face down on top of the covers. As I drifted off to sleep the last thought that crossed my mind was to wonder if Pete would wake up before his roommate.