After graduating from college I had become involved with a boy. Jack was tall and an extremely good looking twenty-five year old from Kansas. He had platinum blonde hair and the deepest sea green eyes that I had ever seen. They were so piercing that I swear he was peering into my soul whenever our eyes met. His farm boy charm could get me to do almost anything that his little heart desired of me. I would just melt whenever I heard his sing-song voice.
Jack had many passions and desires in the bedroom. I of course would happily live out his fantasies for him. We did it all from A to Z. Whips, chains, ropes, role playing (school girl, mommy, and teacher) whatever he fancied. However, there was this one thing he wanted to do more than anything else, and in all fairness it was probably because I always said no. Jack wanted to watch me have sex with another man.
I was a pretty loose and fast woman but somehow I couldn't bring myself around to having other people watch me have sex. Even though I had dashed his request for this voyeurism game at every turn, he still persisted to the point of ad nauseam. It broke my heart to see my little corn-fed farm boy dejected like this.
One day in early November I awoke to the sound of my blaring alarm and as was customary I slapped at my nightstand without opening my eyes in hopes that I could silence this wailing device of torment. As usual in the process of thrashing at my nightstand I would only manage a glancing blow that would send the clock plummeting to the floor and bouncing under my bed. Once under the bed it would still be screaming its incessant cry forcing me to personally rise and deal with it. As I was under the bed clawing for my clock in effort to silence it I realized it was Jack's birthday.
"Holy shit!" I exclaimed loud enough to wake my neighbors in the next apartment over. I forgot to purchase Jack's birthday present. Normally this wouldn't have been a problem except I had a meeting across town with an editor I was trying to obtain employment with and it would take all day. I just didn't need more stress in my life.
I jumped in the shower and put on my best business suit and headed over to the east side of town. Instead of thinking about my interview I was thinking about Jack and his birthday. I had to get my head in the game or else. Jack was expecting me to meet him for dinner at a swanky French restaurant downtown when he got off work. So I didn't really have time to get him anything meaningful.
I went to the interview which went great. As I was riding down the elevator after I left my interview it hit me. I knew what to do about Jack's birthday. I called Jack from my cell phone and told him to meet me at the nightclub over on Third Avenue. He was a bit perplexed because we had dinner reservations. I told him screw that I have something better in mind.
It was a little after eight when I arrived at this rave. I left jacket of my business suit in the passenger seat of my little red convertible and went in. I was a bit apprehensive to say the least because what I had in mind was sheer craziness. The place was packed with wall to wall people. The music was blaring and the place smelled of stale wet cigarettes. The disco ball was throwing off a weird sparkle affect and a rainbow of lasers danced crossed the ceiling. The place shook from the bass coming from the music. I scanned the room and saw two hunks laughing and drinking at the bar. These two will do I thought. I quickly unbuttoned my white dress shirt down to my navel and headed toward my marks. This was going to be these lucky bastards best night ever, I told myself as I moved in for the kill.
When I arrived at the bar I introduced myself. "Hi boys I am Francis." The men who were in their early thirties if I had to guess immediately dropped their gazes to my unbuttoned blouse and my sheer black lace bra. These poor lads just stood there speechless as they peered at my massive double D's.
One of them swallowed hard and stuck out his hand, "Yes... hi I am..."
I immediately interrupted and said, "Who cares? Let's dance... both of you ... now!"
I sauntered over to a dark corner and began grinding up against both of them as they sandwiched me between their bodies. I could feel their cocks. One was riding up against my ass and the other was up against my pelvis. It didn't take long for them to get into the mood. These boys had had a few drinks. I could smell it on their breath but this didn't slow them down at all. Their dicks were hard as lead pipe and to tell you the truth I was getting a bit worked up too.
Finally, Jack showed up on the scene as I hoped. My plan was all coming together perfectly. I saw him scanning the area for me. He was all dressed up and looked so handsome. I grabbed the face of the guy that was in front of me and shoved my tongue down his throat. I frenched this guy so hard I thought he was going to pass out. Then I turned and saw Jack staring at me all agog.
I mouthed "Happy birthday honey" to him and bent over and unzipped one of my partner's pants. I pulled out his rock hard cock and put it into my mouth. The other guy as if on cue flipped up my skirt and pulled my black thong down to my ankles. My pussy was soaking wet by now and I could feel my juices running down my leg. I was so wet that he had no trouble at all sliding his thick shaft into me. The guy was so thick and long that I let out a little squeal. I could feel the ridge is on dick head rubbing my clitorious with every stroke. I remember thinking this is fucking crazy but so hot too. I am in the middle of a nightclub getting pounded by one guy while I am sucking off another; all the while my boyfriend is watching this shit. Then there was also the fact that several people had noticed what was going on and we were starting to gather a small crowd of onlookers. Jack was happy as the Tin Man when he received his heart from Oz over this whole display.
These two guys were hammering my mouth and pussy so hard that I was bouncing back and forth between their strokes as if I was a ball in a tennis match. Jack was definitely not in Kansas anymore to say the least.
As I was sucking off the first guy the second man pulled out and blasted his jizz up my back. I heard one of the onlookers gasp with excitement as others clapped with glee. He came so hard some of it landed in my jet-black hair. The first guy got so excited himself when his partner blew his load that he started cumming also. He came so much that I could not swallow it fast enough and so when his dick popped out of my mouth he sprayed his love juice all over my face. It was like a fountain. His dick must have spewed at least a pint. That stuff went everywhere. I shoved both of them away from me and told them I had had enough. I kicked off my thong from around my ankles and it went flying. Some guy picked it up and started sniffing the crotch. I started to stumble away but I was so blinded by the semen in my eyes I couldn't see where I was going. On top of that there was so much cum from all three of us on the tile floor that it had caused me to slide in my heels. I quickly lost my balance and fell flat on my ass. As I laid there all splayed out, Jack being the gentleman that he was came over and helped me up.
"That was the best damn birthday present anyone has ever given me. Thank you Francis." He said with a huge Cheshire cat grin on his face. "Can we do that again next week?"
I laughed and said, "Sure - but next time you can suck the cocks and get cum shot all over your face."
My hair, makeup and suit were a wreck. I was quite the sight. I could only laugh. Jack was happy and that made it all worth it for me. I looked at Jack and said, "I'll send you the bill for the dry-cleaning."
With that I went to the ladies room and got cleaned up. I had blobs of cum everywhere. It looked like I had been in a cheap porno movie. The only difference was the music in the club was better.
Later that evening I remember thinking; next year I will have sex with women instead for Jack. It will be a lot less messy that way.