"Sonya," Samantha said meekly. "I have a confession to make." Marietta and Sonya turned to the almost naked shy woman.
"What is it?" Sonya asked. The women had now walked into Sonya's apartment and closed the door. Samantha slowly began taking off her underwear. Once she was naked, Samantha spoke hands down not covering her body.
"Ever since I saw you, I can't stop thinking about being naked. It was so hard for me to concentrate. All I wanted to do was take my clothes off and experience a little bit of your lifestyle. I'm just so scared of getting in trouble though. I don't know how you do it. As soon as I got home, I took off all my clothes and stayed naked. I had never done that before and the feeling was liberating! I've never have been this horny before either. I have been playing in my pussy for hours thinking about being naked in public. I have never masturbated this much before in one day."
Samantha continued. "You gave me the impression that you are an open person so I'm not going to lie that I can't stop thinking about your naked body. You look incredible! Just when I thought I couldn't cum anymore, I decided to open my blinds and show myself and those same feelings of arousal came back all on their own once again! I just couldn't move away from the window. As luck would have it, you and Marietta came back and I was soo turned on seeing both of you naked like that in the parking lot! I even told my friends I could not meet with them today. What they didn't know was that I didn't want to put clothes on! I wanted to come out naked and greet you too, but I finally reached my limit and fear got a hold of me so I put on my best lingerie to come out and meet you! I was so nervous!"
Samantha had said everything so fast that Marietta and Sonya both had to process what they had just heard. This young woman had poured out her whole soul to these two butt naked strangers. She walked into a stranger's apartment and stripped naked on top of that. Sonya and Marietta looked at the little woman up and down. She was barely five feet tall, pear shaped with small tits and red hair. She had vivid gray eyes and the most polite tiny voice. You would never think she would have it in her to do and confess to the things she had been doing since she met Sonya. One would assume in her own way Sonya and Samantha were not much different prior to their nudity liberation.
Marietta was beginning to wonder if Sonya was her own fetish and was starting her own naked cult. She smiled at the idea but she didn't like the idea of competition. Sonya did confess her commitment to Marietta but the relationship that they were making was too new for her to gauge completely. She didn't want to come off as possessive or insecure to this newcomer. It took a lot of courage for Samantha to "come out" and confess her innermost taboo desires.
The silence persisted a little too long. Marietta made the first move. She walked over to Samantha and gave her a big warm hug. "Sonya has that affect on people Sam. In fact, one would say it's expected that you can't stop thinking about being naked after seeing her. Look at me, I went from her guardian to her slightly reluctant participant. Sonya's desire to have no clothes in her life is addicting."
Samantha trembled with excitement and awe happy to be accepted. Sonya stood there watching the two naked women interact with each other. However, it was hard to focus on them because Samantha had brought clothes into Sonya's naked home. She had worked so hard to get rid of body coverings of any kind. She looked at Sonya's clothes they way one would stare at a dog turd.
Marietta had noticed Sonya's eyes were darting to the clothes on the floor. Trying to be polite, Sonya had chosen not to say anything just yet. She had worked so hard to get rid of all her clothes that it felt very ironic that clothing still wound up appearing in her sanctuary. Choosing to intercept for Sonya Marietta spoke again.
"Sam, I have one small request for you. I know it's a super big step but there is something very important to Sonya you must do."
"What's that Marie?"
"You have to get rid of your clothes you dropped on her floor. Sonya has vowed to remove clothing from her life and even though she will not admit it right now, she is very bothered by the presence of your undergarments. While they are absolutely beautiful, it still is clothing. That is something Sonya cannot allow in her home. Can you please get rid of them?"
"How do I do that?" Sam said this meekly as her head bowed and to the floor. She felt bad because she had offended her new friends.
Sonya finally spoke spoke. "Sam, don't be ashamed or embarrassed. Don't feel bad at all. I'm the one that's been fainting and bumping my head and changing. I know what I'm doing is very far from the norms of regular society so I wouldn't expect you to know that is how I felt. We have practically lived side by side for years and know nothing about each other. Now here we both are exploring something new in life."
A devilish grin appeared on Sonya's face. Marietta knew this smile all too well. "I know what you can do to make it up to me," Sonya said with her sultry tone. Marietta knew where this was going. She could fell herself getting wet.
Looking forward to impressing her new idol, Samantha picked up her head with a twinkle in her eye. Shy and meek, she asked, "What is it?"
"Pick up your clothes, go back to your apartment and throw your lingerie in the trash. Come back here. I will be waiting. Also you have to do it while your hand is playing in your pussy. Marietta, can you stand outside and make sure she follows through with her request? I would do it myself, but I don't want to risk seeing any more clothing today if I go into her apartment." Sonya was really starting to enjoy telling people to do things while naked.
Samantha gasped in surprise. She could feel her body flush with arousal, but she didn't know if she could follow through. Sensing hesitation, Sonya said. "Well you could always say no and go back to a boring life of wearing clothes. Your choice"
Samantha didn't want to put clothes back on. She wanted to be like Sonya but she was so scared. Marietta didn't want to shun a new nudie to she decided to move things along. Before Samantha could react, Marietta calmly opened the door and stepped out in the nude with the front door wide open.
"See Sam? It's not that hard. Looks like you left your door unlocked I see your front door is open a little bit that should make things easier. It's just a few feet. You can do it."
Samantha took a long look at Marietta for the first time. She was thick in all the right places and had much larger jiggly tits compared to Sonya's but she was also very visually attractive. Marietta had a round unassuming face that also wouldn't lend itself to someone who was into a kink such as this but here she was naked for her best friend trying to encourage Samantha to do the same.
Overwhelmed by all the support, Samantha bent over, picked up her lingerie with one hand and put her other hand in she played in her pussy. Her first time naked outside will be while she's watched by another naked woman while she goes outside playing in her pussy.
Samantha gasped as she felt the daytime air on her private parts. She instantly got wet knowing that at any moment someone could see her. Her heart was pounding her chest. Even though it was only a few yards, she still felt so exposed but also more aroused. Her hand playing in her pussy enhanced these sensations. She half ran back to her place. Marietta called out "Walk next time!"
Samantha slowed her pace a few moments before she got back to her apartment. Marietta padded after her slowly knowing the risk of being seen was only a few seconds. Sonya wanting to be exposed now that she was sure that all clothing was out of her sight also stepped back out in the open and stood super woman style with her legs spread letting the air caress her wet and aroused womanly folds. Testing herself, she wanted to see how aroused she could get just standing naked outside without touching herself. To no surprise, her body responded in kind to once being exposed to fresh air. Her lips swelled to almost twice their size and her nipples hardened to big brown eraser heads. She smiled at who she had become. Her pussy was starting to drip on the concrete walkway.
Meanwhile Samantha had arrived back to her place and walked to the nearest trash can. Obediently throwing away her lingerie. It was growing quite obvious that Sonya's clothing free lifestyle was a step beyond what she had imagined. However she was unbearably aroused. She continued to play in her pussy. Unknown to Samantha, Sonya's influence or should we say Sonya's suddenly manifested sweet smelling scent was more than likely the cause. Sonya's scent and juices already demonstrated an arousing affect on Marietta and the couple in the park. Samantha was now part of Sonya's sphere of influence. Marietta stood and watched the naked woman gingerly parade around her apartment nude but she could also tell Samantha was nervous.
"Hey Sam? I know there is a lot to take in," Marietta said, "But look at me, I was supposed to be Sonya's guardian but apparently now I'm her partner in crime. Are you sure you want to go through with this, you look so nervous."
Samantha replied quickly, "I'm fine. I want to do this. I just didn't expect to do this so soon. It's such a rush to be naked in front of strange women and then going outside and then throwing away my clothes. I..," She stuttered, "I want to.., play with myself.. but I'm too ashamed to do it in front of someone."
"Well, I can let Sonya know and we will wait for you to come back. You just have to come back naked or Sonya won't let you in." Samantha sighed in relief. It felt good to get that off her chest. Her eyes had been opened to a new world and her body was ready but her mind was still catching up. Marietta smiled warmly at Samantha. Her small voice, and tiny shapely frame and her shy innocence eclipsed the possible threat of this woman taking Sonya away from her. Letting her insecurities rest, she walked over and hugged the naked woman.
"Whenever you get nervous," Marietta said "remember there are two other women like you living this lifestyle that are here to help you."