Ring.
Ring.
Jen was startled awake by her phone on the nightstand beside the bed.
Glancing at the caller id, she saw it was Stan.
"Hello," she said sleepily.
"Hey, sleepy head. How are you this morning?"
"Not awake, Stan," she said gruffly.
"Sorry, didn't mean to wake you. Normally, you are up an hour ago."
Jen glanced at the time and saw it was 9 a.m. She must have really been tired last night.
"It's ok. I haven't been sleeping well since you left."
"I know. I don't sleep well when I am away. What are your plans for today?"
Realizing that Camila had said she would be calling anytime, "I told Camila that I would go out with her today. She seems so lonely since Donald's father left."
"I am glad you have made a friend. Have fun today, and let me know when you're back. Maybe we can video chat?"
"I would like that," she told him, cringing inside as she realized what she might be doing today.
"Have fun, Jen. Love you."
"Love you too. Bye."
As she got off the phone, she lay there looking at the ceiling, remembering everything that had happened over the last few weeks.
Groaning, she got out of bed and took a shower.
She had just finished when her phone rang again.
Damn, it's Camila, Jen thought.
The phone rang four times before Jen could work up the courage to answer it.
"Hello, Camila," Jen said as she answered the phone.
"Hello Slut. Did you forget how you are supposed to address me?"
"Sorry, Mistress."
"That's better bitch. Are you ready to go? We have some places to be."
"I just finished showering. I have to dry my hair and ..."
"Don't worry about it bitch. Throw on some yoga pants and a tee shirt."
"No panties or bra.
"You've got five minutes, and you had better not be late."
"Yes, Mistress," Jen said as she hung up the phone.
Jen grabbed a black pair of pants and a gray top. She looked in the mirror on her way out of the bedroom. Her hair was still wet, and the pants left very little to the imagination, making it clear she didn't have panties on.
Grabbing her purse, Jen ran out the door.
She paused at Camila's door, gathering her courage, before she knocked. She had to wait two minutes before Donald opened the door. His eyes roamed over her body, causing her to blush before he motioned her into the apartment.
Donald was still dressed in his pajamas, and Jen could see his cock starting to grow as he leered at her. He reached out and grabbed her right breast, pulling her towards him.
Jen winched at the pain, but she didn't try to stop him.
"Leave her alone, Donald," Camila called from her bedroom.
Looking disappointed, he squeezed a little harder before letting her go. Without a backward glance, he returned to the couch and resumed the video game he had been playing.
"You're late bitch, but we will have to deal with that later," Camila said, walking out of her bedroom.
"Stay out of trouble, Donald. Cathy will be here in a few minutes to watch you until I get back. Try not to give her a hard time," she said, kissing him on his forehead. Camila had noticed that Donald was acting much more mature after his date with Becky.
Maybe she can help him grow up, and he won't need an adult around all the time, Camila thought, shaking her head to get the images of her baby leaving the nest.
Not a problem for today.
"Let's go," she said, walking past Jen and out of the apartment.
Jen had to run to catch up with Camila as she shut the door.
"Where are we going?" Jen asked.
Camila glanced at her as they walked out of the building.
"Don't worry about it bitch" she grunted.
Camila unlocked her car and sat in the driver's seat, noticing Jen holding back.
"Bitch are we going to have problems with you listening today?"
"You are already in trouble for being late, don't make it worse by me having to keep yelling at you for not fucking listening."
"Sorry, Mistress," Jen said as she hurried into the car.
They drove silently for about 10 minutes, taking a series of back streets and entering a more industrial part of town. Jen looked out the window, trying to track where they were going, but she gave up after a dozen road changes.
Camila broke the silence as they turned off onto another side street.
"Today only has one rule. You can't say no. You will do it without complaining or hesitation, no matter what you are asked or told to do.
"Any questions?"
Jen was terrified. She had no idea what Camila was up to, and based on last night, she didn't know if she could just blindly follow directions. She soon realized that she had no real choice.
"I can't do anything to jeopardize my job or my relationship with Stan, Mistress."
"Can't or won't?"
"I can't, Mistress," Jen replied, finding a little of her old self buried under all the guilt.
Camila thought about it for a minute.
"Ok, slut. I won't do anything that will cause you to lose your job, and Stan will never find out about what you have been doing as long as you do as you're told."
Jen thought about it and realized that Camila could just send the photos she had, and she would lose everything.
She looked down and answered "OK" softly.
"What bitch? I didn't hear you."
"I said okay, Mistress," Jen said, trying unsuccessfully to keep the snarkiness out of her answer.
You're a fucking idiot, Jen thought, not believing what she agreed.
Camila glared at Jen briefly while they sat at a traffic light.
"You know, giving the person who can royally fuck up your life attitude is like pissing off the person fixing your food. You might not like the results."
"Sorry, Mistress. I know it's not a good excuse, but the last few weeks have been overwhelming," Jen hurriedly said, trying to keep her face looking apologetic.
"I will forgive it this time, but don't expect that to happen again."
"Thank you, Mistress."
A short time later, they pulled into the parking lot of a run-down strip club. The windows were all blacked out with neon signs advertising hot girls and live sex shows.
Jen looked at the almost empty parking lot and glanced at Camila.
"We are a little early for the main crowd, but I have a couple of things to take care of," Camila said, getting out of the car. She glanced back and noticed that Jen was just sitting there looking lost.
"Get your fucking ass out of the car," she yelled.
Jen hurried out of the car and followed Camila into the club. The bouncer at the inner door looked up and smiled as light from the open door flooded the entry.
"Didn't expect to see you here today, Cam." He noticed Jen standing behind her with her arms wrapped protectively around her stomach.
"Friend of yours?"
"Jen, this is Mike," Camila said as she walked over to him and hugged him. She stepped aside and added, "She's my new toy. Come over here and hug him."
Jen walked slowly over to Mike and hugged him. She was surprised when he gave her a warm hug but didn't try anything. It must have been on her face because Camila started chuckling.
"Mike is like a big brother to all the girls here. He will ensure you are safe now that he knows you are mine."
Turning back to Mike, she asked, "Jesse in?"
"Yeah, got here about an hour ago. In a shitty mood though," giving Camila a warning look.
"Great, maybe I can help fix that," she said, looking at Jen.
"That would be nice. He can be a real ass sometimes. Nice to meet you, Jen," he said, opening the inner door for them to walk through.
"Nice to meet you too, Mike," Jen replied as she followed Camila inside the club.
The place was dead since it was still early, with only a couple of scantily clad women standing at the bar chatting with the bartender. They glanced over at Camila and then went back to their conversation.
Camila led Jen to a door marked employees only, which opened into a door-lined hall. Most of the doors were closed, and the ones that were open contained makeup tables and racks of clothing.
"Dressing rooms," Camila answered Jen's unasked question.
At the end of the hall, Camila stopped at one of the closed doors and knocked. Jen could hear someone moving around in the room before the door opened, and a sobbing nude 18-year-old black woman clutching her clothes to her chest pushed past them and ran into one of the open dressing rooms before slamming the door.
"What the fuck do you want, Camila?" demanded a thin guy in his mid-thirties sitting behind a dirty desk.
"Trying out some new talent, Jesse?"
"Bitch came here asking for a job, so I had her strip. She started crying halfway through removing her clothes. Stupid cunt. She knew this was a strip club," he said, shaking his head.
"Don't change the subject. Why am I looking at your ugly face this early in the morning?" He looked behind her and noticed Jen standing there.
"Friend of yours?" he asked, undressing Jen with his eyes.
"More like my new toy. Thought she might make me some money and was wondering if you might be interested in her talents."
Turning to Jen, "Get in here so he can see you slut."
Jen walked into the middle of the room, clutching her stomach. She felt sick that she was even here, and how Jesse looked at her made her skin crawl.
"Loosen up bitch, he won't bite you. Well, at least not much," Camila chuckled as she sat in a chair next to the door.
"What kind of talents are we talking about? She doesn't look like she strips, and based on her body language, she isn't happy about being here," he said as he walked around Jen.
"She is a fucking hot MILF and will do anything she is told to do, right Jen?"
"Yes, Mistress," Jen replied, looking down.
"Mistress, interesting. Why don't you remove your top so we can see what you have."
Jen looked panicked and glanced at Camila but saw only her mouth tighten. Looking at the floor, she pulled the tee shirt over her head, baring her breasts to both.
She tried covering them with her arms, but Camila clearing her throat prompted her to put her arms at her side, clutching her shirt in her right hand.
"Nice, nice. They look real, solid C cup. Are the nipples sensitive?" he asked Camila, ignoring Jen.
"Yes."
He grabbed Jen's left nipple and pulled until her breast stood straight out from her body, eliciting a moan from her when he twisted it.
Satisfied, he let go and backed away.
"Take the rest of it off."
Knowing that she had no choice, Jen pulled off the shorts.
"You're right, Camila. She is fucking fantastic," as he walked around her.
"Spread your legs a little more."
Jen moved her legs to widen her stance, still looking at the floor, hoping this would be over soon.
Jesse ran his hands over Jen's ass and slipped a finger into her pussy.
"She is soaked. I guess the frightened MILF thing is just an act?" he asked Camila.
"Not an act, really. She just gets turned on being forced to do things."
"Drop to your knees, honey," he told her, standing before her.
Jen wanted to argue, but a look at Camila told her she had better do what she was told, so she dropped to her knees, keeping her eyes on the floor.
Jesse unfastened his pants, exposing the outline of a large cock in his boxers. He kicked off his shoes and tossed his pants onto a chair next to the desk.
He grabbed Jen's head and forced her to look up from the floor.
"Let's see how good you are at sucking cock. Pull it out, suck it. You want the job, then you have 5 minutes to get me off."
With a glance at the clock on the wall, "starting now."
Knowing she would not get out of it and that if she didn't get him off in time, Camila would punish her, she reached out and pulled his boxers down, exposing a 9-inch cock. As it popped free, it slapped her in the face.
Jen stared at the cock bobbing before her lips until she heard Camila clear her throat. She started licking the head, tasting his pre-cum. Licking it like a popsicle, she stopped at the tip, licking it slowly.
She looked up to see Jesse staring at her. Not breaking eye contact, Jen opened her mouth and slid down until her forehead pressed against Jesse's stomach, eliciting a moan from him.
Growing more confident, Jen started sliding the cock out until just the tip was in her mouth before plummeting down to the base. Back and forth, she moved the cock in her mouth, licking the head before plunging it back down her throat. Saliva and precum mixed and fell to her breasts, leaving a slimy trail toward her navel.
At least his cock is smaller than Donald's, Jen thought absently as she throated Jesse.
Before long, Jesse grabbed her hair and started fucking her face faster and faster until he blew his load in her mouth. She struggled briefly to catch it all, with some slipping out the corner of her mouth, adding to the pool of mess on her breasts.
"Four minutes, not bad for a novice," Jen heard Jesse say as he pulled his softening cock from her mouth. He wiped the saliva and cum mix coating his cock with her hair like a cum rag before dressing.
Jen knelt, catching her breath as Jesse sat on the desk. She felt conflicted, proud she could get him off so quickly, and horrified that she felt that way about sucking off someone other than her husband.
"When can she start?" Jesse asked, completely ignoring Jen.
"The slut has nothing going on tonight," Camila told him. Donald had another date with Becky, so he was covered.
"Amateur night, I like it," Jesse commented, looking down at the housewife kneeling before his desk.
"Any thought of her stage name?"
"I'm partial to Kitty," Camila said as she imagined strange men calling Jen to them using "here pussy, pussy, pussy." The image she created in her head caused her to chuckle, thinking how the prim and proper mother and wife would be horrified at the treatment.
"Kitty?" Jesse thought, looking at Jen. Seeing no objection from her, "Kitty it is."
Jen just looked at the floor as they spoke about her like she was a chair.
"Look through the wardrobe and see if there is a costume she can use. Have Doris fix her hair as well. We have too many brunettes. Bring her back when you get her fixed," Jesse said, walking around his desk and picking up some papers.
Jen was terrified of changing her hair color. How would she explain it to Stan or Becky? She looked over at Camila but found no support. Dejected, she dropped her head, fighting back tears.
Clearly dismissed, Jen grabbed her clothes.
"No need to put them on," Camila said, grabbing Jen's arm and dragging her out of the office. Camila guided Jen down the hall to another closed door. Knocking, Camila turned the handle and opened the door.
"Hey, Doris," Camila said, addressing the older woman sitting on the couch.
Doris looked over at Camila, "Get the fuck out of here, Slut," Doris said before looking back at the show on the TV.
"Glad to see you too, Doris," Camila said, ignoring the woman and pulling Jen into the room.
Doris looked at the nude woman Camila pushed in front of her, taking in her posture, facial expression, red lips, and slime drying on her breasts.
"You ok, honey?" Doris asked, ignoring Camila completely. Having run the back of the house at this club for years, she had some experience with women who might not be doing this of their own free will.
Jen looked up and started to answer when Camila cleared her throat. A quick glance at her reminded Jen what was at stake if she said the wrong thing.
"Never better," Jen replied, briefly looking at Doris before returning her gaze to the floor.
Doris wasn't convinced, but unless Jen told her what kind of hold Camila had on her, there wasn't anything she could do about it.
"I take it that she is going to start stripping?"
Jen tensed at the comment but relaxed, unable to process what was happening.
Doris noticed and filed it away for later.
"Yeah, Jesse wants her on tonight but doesn't like her hair color. We don't have enough redheads around her," Camila said, imagining Jen as a redhead.
"Anything else?" Doris asked, really not giving a rat's ass what Camila or Jesse wanted. Doris was the big Bitch running the back.
"He wants her costume to match her stage name," Camila said with a smirk.
"Ok, what is her stage name?"
"Kitty," Camila said, laughing.
"Really?" Doris looked at Jen.
Jen just nodded, too embarrassed to answer.
"OK, I'll take care of it. Now get your lazy ass out of here."
Camila smiled and smacked Jen on her bare ass. "Remember, I can fuck your life up," she whispered before walking out the door.
After the door closed, Doris pointed to a chair next to a sink.
"Have a seat."
Jen walked over and sat, lost in thought. She didn't know how much more abuse she could take.
Doris grabbed a barber's cape and put it around her.
"Don't want to get any dye on your skin. It's a pain in the ass to get out and can take days."
"Any specific shade of red?"
Jen had never considered dying her hair, like the natural brown.
"What do you recommend?" Jen asked, looking at Doris.
"Well, for your skin tone, I think spicy cherry red. We can keep some of the brown undertones if you like."
Doris pulled up some pictures of models with that hair color.
"Something like this," Doris said, pointing at a picture. The color looked natural on the woman.
At least it's not a gaudy shade, Jen thought; glad Camila was gone and not part of the color selection. Jen hated to admit it, but the color might look good on her despite being something she would never do herself.
"I guess that's ok," Jen commented.
Doris looked at her for a few seconds before turning away to grab the chemicals.
"The length is fine. It will give you something to toss around. The assholes eat that shit up," Doris said, trying to lighten the mood.
An hour later, she was done. Handing her the mirror, Jen couldn't believe how different she looked.
"Come over here and lay down," Doris said, patting a table.
Jen left the chair and climbed onto the table.
"Have to wax you, dear. Hope you weren't too attached to this," Doris said, gently pulling on the tuff of hair Jen kept above her pussy.
Not having any choice, Jen lay there while Doris removed all the hair around her pussy and ass, leaving her completely bare.
Once finished, Doris led Jen to another room to pick out an outfit.
"Kitty has to have cat ears," Doris said, pulling them out of a bin.
"Ok, white buttoned belly shirt and hot pants," Doris looked at Jen.
"You don't need a pushup bra. This one should do," Doris pulled out a black lace low-cut bra and handed it to Jen.
Doris grabbed a pair of black high-cut panties out of another bin.
"You aren't one of those women who can't walk in high heels, are you?"
"No, I've several pairs at home," Jen replied.
"Great, one less thing to worry about," Doris said, walking to the rack where multiple pairs of shoes were hanging.
At the shoe rack, Doris looked at Jen's feet and grabbed a pair of 3-inch black heels.
"Get dressed," Doris commanded, watching a nervous Jen dressed in the outfit.
"Ok, turn around. I think they will like you," Doris commented as she adjusted the outfit.
"How did you know my sizes," Jen questioned, impressed that the other woman had picked out clothing that fit perfectly.
"Honey, I have been doing this longer than you have been alive. After a while, you just pick up a knack for sizes. Come on, let's see if Baby can teach you the basics."
Baby was one of the women standing at the bar when Jen was brought in, a 20-something brunette with small breasts.
"Jesse wants her on tonight, and you get the job of teaching her the basics," Doris told Baby.
"Fucking great," Baby muttered, putting down her drink.
"What are you? Some kind of cat?" Baby asked, walking around Jen to look at the new meat.
"I was told her name is going to be Kitty," Doris said.
Jen flashed her a look and mouthed thank you.
"What's the matter with her? Cat got her tongue?" Baby asked when Doris answered for Jen. The other women laughed.
Jen blushed and looked at the floor, hoping it would swallow her.
"Come here," Doris told the women standing there.
The four women walked a short distance away and had a whispered conversation, leaving Jen alone to awkwardly stand while she waited for them to return.
Jen overheard Camila's name, which caused more muttering from the women listening to Doris.
Eventually, the group broke up and returned to where Jen was standing, holding her arms around her stomach, trying not to get sick from her stress.
"Come on, Kitty. I will show you enough that you can make it through a set. Honestly, not being perfect at this pays off better than being a pro sometimes. The perverts imagine you are their wife, girlfriend, sister, or sadly mother and tip better."
Baby led Jen away from the group toward the stage, which Jen was glad for. The young woman seemed both positive and helpful, while the other women were more guarded, almost looking sorry for her, when they looked at Jen.
That was harder to deal with than the teasing and mocking from earlier.
Picking a table right next to the stage, Baby turned to Jen.
"Have a seat."
The two women sat there, waiting for the next show to start.
"Want something to drink?"
Jen shook her head 'No.'
"Are you sure? It might help."
Jen thought about it and decided it might help settle her nerves.
"I don't have any money with me," Jen admitted. Camila had taken her ID and made her drop her purse off in the apartment before they left.
"There is no cost for drinks as long as you're working. Jess thinks it helps loosen up the dancers."
Jen thought about it for a minute before she answered. "Sure, I'll take a shot of Bourbon."
"A girl after my own heart," Baby smiled, waving over a server.
"Hey, Baby, what can I get you?" The server asked, checking out Jen, who looked completely out of place despite her outfit.
"Hey, Sam. Sam, Kitty. Kitty, Sam," Baby motioned between the two women.
"Hey, Kitty. Like the outfit," Sam said, running her eyes up and down Jen.
"Hello," Jen said, awkwardly waving at Sam.
Ignoring Jen, Sam turned to Baby. "New Girl?"
"Yeah, Jesse hired her, and before you ask, Camila has her hooks in."
Sam glanced at Jen, surprise and sadness visible for a few seconds before her smile returned. It happened so fast that Jen wasn't sure she had seen it.
"Well, welcome aboard," Sam said, sticking out her fist.
"Thanks," Jen replied, bumping knuckles.
"Two shots of bourbon. Not the cheap shit either."
Sam smiled and walked to the bar. Jen watched the young blonde walk away, wondering what she had on under her tight shorts.
What the fuck is wrong with me, Jen thought, turning away and looking at Baby.
If Baby noticed, she didn't say anything.
"So that you know, none of us care for the skank that brought you here. Doris thinks something is going on between Camila and you. Meaning you aren't doing this because you want to make extra money. If there is anything that you want to talk about, I'm a good listener."
"Ah, thanks," Jen said, meaning it. Jen had already decided not to trust any of the women here until she got to know her better. The risk was too high. They would make things worse.
Right then, the house lights dimmed a little, and a spotlight lit the curtain at the end of the stage.
"The next act is Cinnamon. She always gets the guys going with her act. Since you are new to this, watch how she removes her clothes."
A tall Asian woman dressed as a slutty cop burst through the curtains and strutted out on stage. Walking to the edge of the stage, she squatted down, running her hands down her neck, between her breasts, and over her shirt, lifting and cupping her small breasts through the shirt.
She closed her legs and stood, putting a hand on her cap and running her fingers on the bill before tossing it to Jen with a wink.
Jen caught it out of reflex, unsure what to do with it. Glancing at Baby, she raised an eyebrow.
"Put it on! She will stop by later to get it back," Baby said, dancing in her seat to the music.
Cinnamon kept dancing, slowly removing her clothing, teasing the handful of men sitting in the audience by opening her shirt slowly, flashing a few of them her bra, before closing the shirt again.
Jen watched Cinnamon dance, spellbound, as the shirt came off and the young woman unbuttoned her shorts. Cinnamon strutted around the stage, moving to the middle and turning, her ass facing the men at the middle of the stage. Looking over her shoulder with a smile, she started pulling her shorts down, teasing the men throwing money on the stage.
A little at a time, Cinnamon wiggled the shorts down before pulling them up and moving around the stage again. Gradually, she slipped the shorts until they sat halfway down her ass. Crawling over to Jen, Cinnamon wiggled her ass before Jen's face.
Baby laughed. "She wants you to finish pulling them off her ass."
Jen didn't want to get involved with the act but remembered Camila telling her that she had to do anything asked of her. Jen slowly pulled the shorts off Cinnamon, exposing the g-string she wore. Once the shorts cleared Cinnamon's hips, she pulled away and let them fall to the stage, kicking them towards the curtain she had emerged from.
Cinnamon danced for the men again, squatting before them and allowing them to put money through the band on her g-string. Strutting over to Jen again, she bent at the waist, her ass pointing towards the men, and placed her hands on Jen's shoulders.
Leaning forward, Cinnamon put her mouth against Jen's ear.
"You look good enough to eat," Cinnamon said, licking Jen's ear. Pulling back slightly, she kissed Jen.
Jen was surprised by the kiss and was hesitant at first. Forgetting everyone who was around watching them, Jen melted into the kiss, running her fingers through Cinnamon's hair as it heated up.
Cinnamon broke the kiss and pulled away slightly, searching Jen's face. Jen could not hide her desire for more; her eyes were half closed, and her face and chest flushed.
Taking Jen's hands, Cinnamon placed them on the cups of her bra. Jen wasn't thinking any longer, and she started playing with the smaller breasts through the bra, tweaking the hard nipples. Cinnamon placed her hands over Jen's.
Baby leaned in, nuzzling Jen's neck, whispering, "Unhook the bra."
Jen followed the instructions, unhooking Cinnamon's bra.
"Good girl," Baby said, touching Jen's thigh.
The dancer smiled at Jen and pulled away, holding the bra cups on her breasts as she danced over to the men, teasing them by flashing her chest. Just as the song ended, Cinnamon removed her bra and tossed it to Jen.
Cinnamon took the money and clothes off the stage and walked to the curtain. Looking backward at Jen, she exited the stage into the back.
"As far as the stripping goes, that's all you have to do," Baby said, her hand running up and down Jen's thighs.
"Is there other stuff?" Jen asked, horrified that she would be forced to strip in front of the men in the club. Most of them, if she saw them on the street, she would look away.
"After each set, you mingle with the crowd wearing your g-string. If someone wants a lap dance, tell them how much it costs, and after you get the money, you do your thing. They can't touch you, but you can touch them. The rules make it fun. You get to rub your ass and pussy all over them and then go to the next customer."
Jen's expression caused Baby to laugh. "One other rule: no sex with a client inside the club. The city will shut the place down, and you end up in jail, arrested as a prostitute. Not something you want to put on your resume."
Jen was relieved. At least, all she had to do was dance.
"I need another drink," Jen said.
Baby ordered another round.
Cinnamon walked out through a door and came up behind Jen, wrapping her arms around and squeezing Jen's breasts.
"Hey!" Jen exclaimed as she jumped at the sudden contact, only slightly relaxing after she realized it was Cinnamon.
Cinnamon and Baby laughed at Jen's expression, and after a slight delay, Jen joined in.
"I have some work to do," Cinnamon said, nodding toward the men who had watched her dance.
"Maybe later we can get to know each other a little better," Cinnamon whispered into Jen's ear as she kissed her way from Jen's earlobe down her neck. Before Jen could react, Cinnamon pulled away and danced over to the group of men.
"She likes you," Baby commented as Cinnamon gave a heavy-set man wearing a cowboy hat a lap dance.
"Come on, it's almost your turn," Baby said, pulling Jen behind her into the back.
Doris made a few last-minute adjustments to Jen's costume before pushing her toward the stage entrance.
Jen froze at the top of the stairs. She could see the men sitting around the stage, looking like starving animals about to be fed.
Jen's mind was in turmoil as everything seemed to crash down on her all at once.
The new feelings toward other women went against everything her parents had taught her about sex.
Having sex with men other than her husband went against everything that she believed about her identity as a wife and mother. A feeling of helplessness washed over her as Jen realized her place in the world had become more fluid and more deviant every time she interacted with Camila or Donald.
Dancing and undressing in front of a group of leering men around the stage, all wanting to fuck her, was the final straw.
Images of Becky, Stan, her mother, and father all turning away in disgust at what she was becoming flashed through her mind. The worst images were of Becky yelling at her for being a hypocrite.
I can't do this anymore, Jen thought as she started to hyperventilate, the tears running down her face going unnoticed.
"Hey, It's okay," Baby's voice broke through the thoughts, bringing her back to the present. Baby held her while stroking her hair, trying to calm her down.
"Look at me," Baby demanded, turning Jen's face toward her.
"Enough tears. It's not that bad, just a little dancing showing what God gave you to a pack of horny men," Baby said, misunderstanding everything that was upsetting Jen.
Baby's face got thoughtful. "Well, now that I think about it, maybe it is bad," she said with a smile.
Jen sank into Baby's embrace, enjoying the feeling of someone holding her and stroking her hair.
Not wanting this to end but realizing it couldn't go on forever, Jen pulled away from Baby.
"Thanks," Jen told her, placing her forehead against Baby's for a second.
Baby released Jen, giving her a concerned look.
Jen looked in the mirror and was glad the makeup Doris had applied hadn't run.
"Let's get this over with," Jen said, putting on a brave face for Baby.
Baby frowned at Jen's back as the housewife walked onto the stage and started dancing. Looking over at Doris, "Something isn't right here."
"Yeah, I got that feeling when I met her," Doris said, coming up to stand with Baby as the two women watched Jen move around the stage, mimicking the set Cinnamon had performed earlier.
The set seemed to fly by as Jen stripped off her clothes, glad that the stage lights made it hard to see the men watching her. Before she knew it, she was down to her thong and walking toward the stage exit.
Baby noticed that Jen was shaking and misinterpreted the reason. "You did fantastic!" Baby exclaimed, hugging Jen, remembering how her nerves had been after the first few times she had stripped.
"You're a natural," Doris said, smiling at Jen before walking away.
Jen barely heard either of them. She could remember vividly the bright lights, the near-invisible men making lewd comments and suggestions, and wondering how things had gotten so out of control. She was a wife, a mother, and a daughter raised in a very conservative home.
"I think I am going to be sick," Jen said, holding her stomach.
"Don't do it here," Doris said, looking up from the clothes she was putting away.
"Come on," Baby said, guiding Jen toward the restroom.
Jen managed to make it to the toilet before she threw up. Baby held her hair and rubbed her back, not saying anything, just trying to calm Jen down.
Jen finished, and Baby guided her to the sink to clean up. Jen had just started wiping her face when the restroom door flew open.
"What the fuck are you doing?" Camila demanded.
"She got sick, shithead. Don't you remember how it was the first time you did this? Oh, wait. That was back when the dinosaurs ran the planet," Baby said, pushing Camila away from Jen.
Jen didn't know what she had done for Baby to be so protective, but she was glad Baby was dealing with Camila.
Camila glared at Baby but changed her tone with Jen. Looking over Baby's shoulder, "You have to do a lap dance tour through the audience after a set. It's one of the rules Jessie gets bent out of shape about if you don't do it."
"They can wait a couple of minutes. It's not like they are going anywhere," Baby said, looking over at Jen.
"I'm OK," Jen said, throwing the paper towel she used to wash her face into the trash.
"See? She's OK. Now get the fuck out of her way so she can earn some easy cash," Camila said, her look daring Baby to interfere again.
Jen put her hand on Baby's arm to forestall further drama, whispering "Thanks" as she walked by.
Baby frowned as she watched Jen walk away, unhappy about Camila's hold over Jen.
"Now, all you have to do is ask if they want a lapdance. It's $50 for each dance and should last about five minutes. You saw what the other girls were doing?"
"Mostly, Mistress."
"Don't call me that out here," Camila snapped, looking around.
"Sorry," Jen said, unsure why Camila was so worried.
"Just dance to the music, put your tits in their face, almost touching them. After a few seconds, turn around and put your ass in their face before squatting down and almost sitting in their lap. If you want to earn more, straddle them and get closer. Put your arms around their necks and rub your body against them. If they touch you, remind them that it's not allowed. If they won't quit, move away. You shouldn't have any issues this early, and Mike watches all the girls."
They had reached the entrance to the main floor. Camila turned to Jen, "Any questions?"
Jen looked at Camila for a second. "Where do I put the money," she asked, looking down at herself. The only clothing she wore was a thong.
"A server will be floating around the table; give them the money, and they will put it in an envelope behind the bar for you. You pick up the money from Jess at the end of the night. Anything else?"
Jen just shook her head. She still felt ill. Her nerves were working overtime as she thought about what she was about to do.
"OK then. Go make me some money," Camila said, swatting Jen on the ass while pushing her through the door.
Jen stumbled on the threshold but caught herself on the door frame. Without looking back, she headed toward the men sitting around the stage. Glancing toward the bar, Jen saw Mike. He smiled and nodded, letting her know he was watching out for her.
She felt a little better until she got close to the first guy.
"Hey baby, how about a little dance for me?" the shaggy-looking man asked.
"It's $50 for a lap dance," Jen managed to say without throwing up.
God, will this day never end?Jen thought, looking the guy up and down. His clothes looked like he had slept in them and smelled like it had been a few days since his last shower. She hoped he didn't have the money to pay for a dance.
"Come on. Can't you cut a guy down on his luck a little break? Maybe throw Larry a pity dance?"
Jen smiled and shook her head while moving away from him toward the next group of men.
"Fucking slut thinks she is too good for me," Jen heard before she felt a hand grab her arm and jerk her back.
She watched in shock as he swung his arm to slap her across the face. He was holding her tightly, making it impossible to pull away. Jen closed her eyes, knowing that there was nothing she could do. Part of her thought she deserved to get hurt. It scared her that those thoughts were getting louder.
Jen was suddenly let go. She stumbled slightly before catching herself on the back of a booth. Looking at Larry, she saw that Mike had pulled him into a headlock and watched in disbelief as Larry's face was smashed into a table.
Gone was the nice guy that had greeted her and Camila when they arrived. In his place was a very angry guy who scared her with the look on his face.
Mike was the only thing holding Larry upright at this point. Looking at Jen, "Are you ok?"
The angry monster was gone, and in its place was the warm, friendly face she remembered.
Jen cleared her throat.
"Yes. Thanks," she said, offering a tentative smile.
Mike winked at her before his angry face came back. Holding Larry up by his collar, he looked at the other men, who had gone silent.
"Anyone else not understand the rules about touching them?"
Every one of them shook their heads, most saying things like "He was a fucking idiot." or "Asshole had it coming."
Mike half carried, half drug Larry toward the doorway.
Baby came up to Jen, turning her face to look at her.
"Look's like you could use this," Baby said, handing Jen a shot.
Jen threw her head back and gulped it all at once.
Baby waited until Jen handed her the glass back before asking, "You ok?"
"Yeah. Just caught me off guard," Jen said, glancing at Mike's receding back.
"Don't be afraid of Mike. He's just a big teddy bear."
Baby thought for a second.
"Maybe he's like a big brother who is very protective of his little sisters. A very capable big brother. The rumor is he was a Seal or something. He doesn't talk about it, which is kind of nice. I hate people who brag about how important they are."
The latter statement was directed at the table where men sat ogling them.
"You shouldn't have any more issues now," Baby said with a smirk.
Jen gave her a tentative smile before turning away and heading toward the next group of men.
"Anyone want a lap dance?" Jen asked the group of young businessmen.
"Yeah, Todd wants one," one of the guys said, pushing another guy who must be Todd.
"Today is Todd's birthday," a dark-haired man said, nodding in Todd's direction.
"Well, happy birthday," Jen said, moving toward where Todd sat.
"We took a collection up while you were stripping," the man sitting next to Todd said, handing Jen a wad of cash.
Glancing at the money, Jen realized it was several hundred dollars. She frowned at the man who gave her the money.
"We know it's more than the price, but we wanted it to be special. Todd said you looked like his high school math teacher. Can you make it special for him?"
Jen was flattered that the younger man wanted her, even if it was because of a crush on someone who looked like her.
"Sure," Jen said, taking the money and handing it to the server who was walking by.
Walking up to Todd, Jen gently raised his head to look at her.
"Hi, Todd. I haven't seen you since graduation. Since I'm not your teacher anymore, I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed having you in class," Jen said, squatting down to look him straight in the eyes.
Reaching out, she ran her hands up and down his chest, twisting his tie. She leaned close and whispered in his ear.
"You were always my favorite student," Jen said, the alcohol removing some of her inhibitions.
That last shot may have been a mistake,Jen thought, almost giggling as she wrapped her arms around his neck.
Jen hovered over his lap, holding his head between her breasts, allowing them almost to touch his face as she stroked the back of his head.
She pulled away and spun around, bumping her ass against his crotch accidentally. Although the contact had been brief, she was surprised at the size of the tent in his pants.
"Oh, Shit," Todd said, almost cumming when Jen's ass touched his rock-hard cock.
The other guys laughed at Todd, but none of them could take their eyes off Jen as she gyrated her hips to the beat of the music.
Jen bent forward, standing on her toes, pushing her ass back until her thong-covered pussy was almost touching Todd's face. Tossing her hair to the side and looking over her shoulder, "Are you hot for the teacher?"
Todd couldn't stop himself. He pushed his tongue out and licked the center of Jen's thong.
Jen jerked away with a moan, surprised at how much this was turning her on. A few moments longer of Todd's licking her and she would have cum.
Jen shook her head, causing her hair to fly out, wiggling her finger at Todd.
"You are such a bad boy, Todd. Touching your teacher without permission."
Jen decided to get even, dropping her thong-covered ass onto his lap, eliciting a moan from Todd as she ground her ass against his pant-covered cock.
Leaning forward, she crushed her breasts against his shirt, sliding up his body until his face was buried between her breasts.
"Can I touch you, Miss Kitty?" Todd asked, his hands hovering over her ass.
Jen pulled away and looked at him. Biting her lip, she stopped herself from saying yes. The fact was, at that moment, she wanted a hard cock inside her.
"If you let me, I will make you purr," Todd said, his hands hovering over her ass close enough to feel the heat radiating off her skin.
Before she could answer, Baby was back.
"Sorry, boys. I hate to break up the high school reunion, but Kitty has places to be."
"Five more minutes," Todd begged.
"Sorry. Come on, Kitty," Baby said, pulling Jen off Todd's lap toward the employee entrance.
Jen felt flushed as she glanced back at Todd, who was watching her walk away. She smiled at him, but it fell off her face when she saw Camila standing off to the side. Camila blew Jen a kiss before sitting down next to Todd.
Jen had a bad feeling as the doors shut behind them.
"God, girl. You have to learn to separate your desires from this job, or you will end up in jail for fucking one of those assholes."
Baby pulled Jen into the break room, shutting the door behind her.
"I had everything under control," Jen said, realizing she sounded like a little kid.
"Really? You were seconds away from letting him grab your ass and fuck the shit out of you in front of everyone."
"I was not."
"Yes, you were, you little slut," Baby said, pushing Jen against the wall.
"Hey, what the hell..." Jen started to object, but Baby covered Jen's mouth with a kiss. Jen fought a few seconds before she melted into the kiss. For a few seconds, the only sounds were the two women kissing and the moans they were making.
Baby broke the kiss and whispered in her ear.
"You never know which one of them is an undercover cop. If you break the rules, you end up in front of a judge on prostitution charges. Try getting a job with that on your record."
Jen sat down hard, her head in her hands.
"Fuck, fuck fuck," Jen said, shaking as her real self asserted control for the first time in a while.
"Hey, are you ok?" Baby asked, kneeling next to Jen. Something was going on here, something that bitch Camila was involved in. She was sure of it.
"You know you can tell me what Camila has on you," Baby took a chance.
Jen looked up from her hands in shock, which was all the confirmation that Baby needed.
"So she is blackmailing you. I knew it," Baby said.
"I don't want to talk about it," Jen said. Baby seemed sincere, but so had Camila at the beginning.
Baby walked over and picked up her cell.
"I get it. What's your phone number?"
Jen hesitated a second but, in the end, gave her the number.
"I sent you a text. If you need to talk about Camila or anything else...."
"Thanks," Jen said.
The two women sat, each lost in their thoughts until Camila entered the room.
"Go get dressed, Kitty," Camila ordered Jen, ignoring Baby completely.
Jen smiled at Baby as she walked past her.
Camila and Baby glared at each other until Jen returned.
"Let's go," Camila said, grabbing Jen's elbow to guide her out of the room.