Chapter One: The Beach House
A constant gentle breeze flowed through an open window blowing the billowing white lace curtains as the salt air from the neighboring turquoise ocean filled my nose. I stared up at the eggshell coloured plaster ceiling above me, taking in every painstaking detail. My eyes traced the tiny hairline cracks in the paint and the tiny divots where the paint flaked away over time. I ran my delicate fingers along the smooth ivory satin sheets of the bed I laid upon and the heavy glimmering steel chains attached to the thick metal cuffs that adorned my slender wrists jingled lightly with each movement.
"Look who's awake," I heard a male voice echo through the spacious bedroom.
"Hey you," I said with a sleepy smile as my eyes strained to focus on the tall muscular figure that stood at the foot of the bed.
"Hey you, Master," he corrected me with a roguish grin. "We have rules around here young lady."
I bit my plump crimson lower lip in a coy manner and replied in a lighthearted tone "yes Master, I do like having rules."
"I know you do," he said as he took a step toward me, reached out and gently stroked my long black hair. "That's why we have them."
"Of course it's not enough to simply have rules Master, they have to be enforced. Sometimes a girl needs to be punished to make sure she stays in line."
"I thought you didn't like pain," he said as his fingers danced down my lazy naked form, gently brushing against the sensitive pink nipples that were becoming erect on the tips of my firm breasts.
"I don't; well not for the sake of pain. For the sake of training or correction it's necessary sometimes. I thought you would have known that Master."
"Not to worry little one, I do now." I nodded and started to sit up. "Not so fast," he said pushing me back down to the bed. "There's something you need to do before I allow you to get up." He leaned in and brushed his lips against mine before sliding his tongue out until it came in contact with my own. Our soft pink tongues intertwined in a moist dance as he explored every inch of my wet mouth. I felt his tongue slide over my gums, my teeth and even the insides of my cheeks in ways I never imagined was possible. I tasted his saliva in my mouth as his tongue coated itself in mine.
"What's that Master," I moaned softly as our tongues continued to flicker against each other in our deep, passionate kiss.
He pulled back and smiled revealing a perfect set of straight white teeth. "I believe you owe me another orgasm my little pet."
"You want for me to make you cum again?" I asked playfully knowing full well he meant that I was to be the recipient of the orgasm in question. He pressed his finger to my full ruby lips and began kissing my neck, licking at it gently just above where the shiny metal collar was secured snugly with a heavy padlock at the back. His fingers traced my collar as his hot breath moved to my ear where he sucked my lobe into his mouth before running his tongue around the ridges of my ear, darting it inside in a manner that made me squirm and moan with delight.
He moved down to my chest, kissing my small hills of flesh and licking at my hard aching nipples until they throbbed with pleasure. I wanted so badly for him to take them into his mouth and suck on them and before the thought had finished forming in my brain; my nipples had found their way past his lips where he sucked and licked with vigor.
His fingers navigated between my slender smooth thighs to the hairless folds of my delicate pink nether lips. He gingerly pushed his index finger past the fleshy pink guardians of my vagina to gather my slick juices before sliding the digit up to where my swollen clit was already desperately peeking past its protective hood. He began to circle my engorged bundle of nerves, sending shivers down my shoulder blades and causing my toned legs to quiver uncontrollably. Moans of pleasure escaped my lips and I urgently craved the feeling of his pulsing hard organ inside me.
He slid his muscular body on top of my petite frame and I sensed him rubbing the head of his throbbing member against my slippery labia before slowly moving it forward to enter me. I felt the pressure of his large cock pushing inside me until he was deep in my body and we had become one connected organism.
My slender hips rose and fell in perfect rhythm to his own as he thrust in and out of me. Filling this diminutive body that he owned; that existed for his use and pleasure. "Do you like that little pet?"
"Oh yes Master. I love having your cock inside me. Mount me like I'm your little bitch in heat Master," I exhaled as his lips once again pressed to my own.
"You're such a good little bitch aren't you?" He breathed into my mouth as his hard penis continued to fill my aching hole. "You love being your Master's fuck doll don't you?"
"Yes Master, I live to be your fuck doll," I breathlessly whispered as our mouths moved in unison with every word spoken. "I'm grateful to be your owned cunt whore Master."
"You're my cunt, I own every inch of you. You belong to me," he growled as his lips moved back to my ear where my lobe waited to be sucked again. I felt my lithe body begin to tense and my breathing increased noticeably as beads of sweat dripped from my forehead. "You know the rule about getting to cum my little fuck toy," he said sensing my pending orgasm.
"Of course Master. May your inferior little fuck whore in heat have permission to cum? Please Master? Please let this bitch toy cum Master."
"I don't know," he teased with a grin, enjoying my struggles to keep from going over the edge without his permission. "Do you think you deserve to cum?"
"Yes, I do Master. I'm your faithful animal Master. I'm your obedient devoted slave. I'll do anything for you Master, but please please let your collared bitch cum. Please Master?"
"Well. I suppose I can give you permission to orgasm. Go ahead my beautiful little cunt and cum for your Master."
As soon as the words left his mouth my muscles began to tremble and quiver in earnest. My eyes rolled back and I stopped breathing as the powerful orgasm gripped my small body and took full control over me. It seemed like I was going to be torn in half as the rapture flowed through me like the tide. When the climax began to subside my gasping turned into shallow panting breaths like a dog and I felt lightheaded. Master gave a final deep push inside me before grunting loudly and spraying my insides with his sticky batter, filling my womb. He collapsed on top of me, our hot sweat coated bodies pressing together as one while he gently brushed my silken hair in long loving strokes.
"You were amazing, my little kitten. I adore owning you."
"Thank you Master. I'm just glad you find me pleasing. I want to be devoted and obedient to you. I want to earn your praise Master," I said as I scrunched my nose slightly.
"What's wrong my pet?"
"This is going to sound a little, stupid, but you're a little hairy. I mean I tend to enjoy a smoother body, especially one with no pubic hair. You've got kind of a jungle theme going on down there and honestly, giving blowjobs is so much better for me when I'm not fighting through the underbrush if you know what I mean."
"I had no idea you felt this way," he replied as his hand softly brushed the smooth skin of my cheek.
"Why would you? It's not something I really talk about."
"It's not a problem, consider it taken care of."
"Just like that?"
"Yes, just like that."
"As a slave I shouldn't have nearly this much power over my owner."
"True, but in any relationship it's about making each other happy isn't it? The gift of your submission makes me incredibly happy. As a dominant, shouldn't I make you happy as well? "
I smiled as I gently stroked his back with my fingertips. "You always know the perfect thing to say to me, Master."
He lifted himself off me and slid to the edge of the bed. "On that note, how about we get up and get something to eat; perhaps a walk into town?"
I sat up and moved off the large silken bed, watching my Master admire my flawless naked body as I stood up. "You wouldn't happen to have a newspaper would you?"
"You know better than that my little animal; we wouldn't want to bring all that negativity here now would we?"
"I suppose not," I replied, nodding my head. "But what about books, do you have any of those?"
"Of course, the library room is just down the hall. Why don't you go take a look while I throw on some clothes?"
I slowly sauntered down the hall making an effort to sway my naked hips for the entertainment of my Master as his sticky white cum seeped from the needy orifice between my smooth legs. "Your house is beautiful," I commented as I admired the crown moldings on the ceiling.
"Our house is beautiful," he corrected.
I blushed and felt tingles in my tummy. "Sorry Master, our house."
I entered a surprisingly large room filled with dark wood bookshelves from floor to ceiling. The chains connecting my heavy steel wrist cuffs clattered noisily as my delicate fingers brushed the spines of volumes ranging from classics and light beach reading to erotica. I recognized the Beauty Trilogy by Anne Rice nestled comfortably next to Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand. "I notice you don't have Fifty Shades of Gray. Good on you for that," I shouted down the hall.
"You weren't exactly shy about sharing your feelings on that particular subject," he said with a smile as he swiftly came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my bare body, giving my exposed left breast a firm squeeze as his thumb brushed over my sensitive pink nipple. I felt the buttons of his white short-sleeve shirt press against the tender skin of my back and the fabric of his black cotton slacks against my bare rear.
My fingers continued down the row until I found a series of books that caught my eye. I pulled one out and admired the raised golden lettering. "The Rubberdoll Puppet Show by Kristin Kailey." I pulled out a few more of the fetish stories that I had written, each with the title and my name embossed on the cover. I turned my head toward my Master in surprise and smiled brightly. "You have my stories here too?"
"All of them; you're a wonderful writer. You really express your desires and emotions well. It's one of the ways I was able to really get to know you at first. Now the question of the day, what do we dress our little Kristin in for our trip to town?"
I bit my lip demurely and kissed his scruffy chin. "Whatever Master desires," I responded with a smile.
"That is the correct answer," he grinned with a sparkle in his eyes. "I do love seeing you in skin tight shiny latex that hugs your curves and displays your perfect little body, but it may be a bit warm for that today. I know how much you love showing off and being seen, so perhaps you should just go as you are."
"You want me to go into town naked with your cum dripping out of me Master?"
"Not naked. You're wearing your collar and cuffs. Besides, I'll even put you on a leash if that helps."
I rolled my crystal blue eyes and nodded in agreement as he clipped a silver chain leash to the ring on my collar, gave it a firm tug and pulled me toward the front door.
Chapter Two: A Chance Meeting
The worn cobblestones of the narrow street felt warm against the soles of my small bare feet as I followed my Master. The ocean breeze blew my long black hair and the gentle tugs of the leash forced me to keep pace with my owner and reminded me of my status as his pet and property. The fact that I wasn't the only leashed pet in the vicinity did little to lessen the skin burning humiliation that coursed through my veins as I felt every eyeball gazing upon my exposed flesh. Nevertheless, it was an embarrassment that made the soft pink folds between my legs tingle with arousal and my Master knew it.
I watched a gorgeous Mistress guide a muscular slave boy on all fours by the leash attached to the rigid cock between his thighs and I noticed how his large constricted balls bulged in a lewd manner. My attention then turned to a pair of beautiful slave girls who could have passed for twins clad in skin tight black latex dutifully following the dominant couple who owned them as they entered a nearby bakery. Being naked and leashed did not make me stand out in this town, quite the contrary, being on my Master's leash made me fit right in. It was a feeling of camaraderie with my fellow slaves that I enjoyed as I saw them in the midst of their servitude and they saw me in mine. I could sense both them and their owners admiring my nude frame so I arched my back and thrust out my little tits, proud that my lithe body could be seen on the end of my Master's leash.
We crossed the street to where a large willow tree stood watch over a Starschmucks Coffee that overlooked the crystal blue sea as several dominants enjoyed a morning coffee at the outdoor tables while their devoted pets knelt beside them.
My Master stopped and turned to me. "I thought we'd get you that green tea with mint that you like so much."
"Thank you Master, but," my words trailed off as I felt hesitant to voice my concerns.
"What is it little pet? If something is wrong I need for you to share it with me," Master said as he gently stroked my raven hair with one hand while keeping the leash taut with the other.
"It's just that I don't really like big corporate coffee chains Master. I prefer small locally owned shops."
"I'm sorry I didn't know that. Not to worry my fuck toy, consider that issue resolved."
"Thank you Master," I said with a smile as I wrapped my arms around him, truly grateful to have such a caring and understanding owner.The loud clip clopping of hooves on the rough cobblestone surface of the road caught my attention and I quickly looked up to find a wooden cart being pulled by two captivating ponygirls one with long hair as dark as mine and the other with blonde hair that was as yellow as the sun in the summer sky. Both had long swaying tails that matched their hair color which were attached to unimaginably large anal plugs buried deep in their tight rectums.
My Master gave my bare rear a squeeze as he turned to me and said "That's right; you have a thing for ponygirls, don't you? They seem to pop up in your stories from time to time."
I nodded and bit my lip shyly as the cart approached us. The driver, a beautiful young blonde dominatrix whose flawless body was coated in a transparent skin tight latex catsuit and adorned with a tight red waist corset tugged hard on the reins in her right hand pulling the heads of the ponygirls back hard.
"Whoa Peppermint; whoa Obsidian," she called out to them as she cracked her whip in the air twice. The two striking female animals diminished their pace until the large wheels of the cart slowly creaked to a stop on the smooth black stones of the road near to where we were standing.
Master approached the cart and I heard the sound of his voice as he and the Domme exchanged greetings and pleasantries. My focus was torn between the stunning dominant atop the cart and the beauty of the slave animals that were so thoroughly controlled in every way imaginable. It felt like a sensory overload and the familiar tingles in my tummy and between my legs made it clear that the sight before me made me feel incredibly aroused.
"What a gorgeous little thing you have there," the Domme said to my Master as her eyes appraised my exposed body, taking in my perky tits, erect pink nipples and the glistening ruby lips of my pussy that were coated in Master's dried white cum. "She is simply exquisite. What a lucky owner you are to have her as your property and I see you've gotten some good use out of her today."
"I'm very lucky indeed. She's extremely obedient and eager and of course her tight little pussy is simply a delight."
"Your pet appears to be around twenty years old, is that right?" she asked.
"You have a good eye," Master responded.
"You can touch them if you want," I heard the domme say in my direction. My head spun back toward the Mistress whose eyes seemed to sparkle as she continued to evaluate my slender naked body. "I see how you're admiring my ponygirls. You're welcome to touch them; they'll enjoy your attention."
"That's very kind of you," I said, trying to contain my excitement.
"My name is Grace, though you're welcome to address me as Mistress if you prefer."
"You will address her as Mistress my little bitch in heat, understand?" My Master interjected lest there be any confusion about what protocols I was to follow.
"Yes Master," I said obediently before turning toward Grace. "Thank you Mistress, I never imagined that such beauty could exist."
"You are just as beautiful my dear," she said reassuringly. "In fact, you would make a wonderful little ponygirl yourself."
"That's very kind of you Mistress, but I think I'm a bit on the small side to pull a cart."
"Indeed you are little one, but that doesn't mean you can't be trained as a show pony," she responded in an encouraging tone. "If you're interested, I'm sure your Master and I can discuss it further."
My Master smiled in my direction and nodded. "I'd like that Mistress," I replied as my entire body tingled with excitement.
"The blonde is named Peppermint and the dark haired girl is Obsidian. You can ask them questions if you like. They're not allowed to speak of course but they can raise their hoof boots to give answers. One stomp means yes and two means no," Grace informed me.
Master let go of my leash and he and Grace continued their conversation as my bare feet stepped on to the road and I stood in front of the two bound girls. They were much taller than me which was not a difficult accomplishment given my petite stature. I stared up at them and admired the way the clear saliva dripped copiously from the bits in their mouths in long slender silver streams that stretched to their large breasts which were discolored and dark purple from being so tightly bound. Peppermint and Obsidian were gorgeous creatures with exquisite bodies. Their muscular thighs were covered in a glistening sheen of sweat and I noticed how their slick latex body harnesses dug into the sensitive flesh of their pussies, splitting them wide. I gasped audibly at the sight of them and felt the tingles growing inside me. I knew my arousal was increasing exponentially as I stared intently, taking in every detail.
The chains that were locked to my heavy steel wrist cuffs rattled loudly as I raised my small hands in front of me to touch the white latex harness that was tightly wrapped around the blonde ponygirl's torso. My digits danced across the shiny surface and traced the edges where the harness met her creamy alabaster skin. She trembled slightly at my touch as my fingertips gave way to the palm of my hand which pressed against her form. I could feel the warmth emanating from her body as I moved my hand down her figure and felt the sweat laden skin covering her muscular thighs. The sunlight glimmered against the shiny steel hoof portion of her boot which gave way to stiff white patent leather that ran to her knees and secured her ankles and shapely calf muscles firmly in place and held her foot in a heelless tiptoe position.
I tilted my head and brushed an errant strand of my long black hair from my blue eyes as I spoke in a low tone, "are you happy as a ponygirl?" I asked. She carefully lifted her toned leg until it was at a ninety degree angle to her hips before smashing the steel hoof of her pony boot to the stone pavement with a single loud clop.
"I bet its hard work to be trained as a ponygirl isn't it?" I asked as my hand found its way to her firm rear and I ran my fingers over the brand on her left cheek, a circle with the capital letter R above a larger capital letter T. Again she stomped one time on the ground answering in the affirmative.
My attention turned to Obsidian who had the same brand burned into the smooth flesh of the left cheek of her rear as well. I ran my restricted hands down her firm tanned skin, over the shiny black latex harness that adorned her body and felt her tremble at my touch. My fingers found their way between her legs where I could feel her slick girl lube dripping past the harness strap that held her pleasurable pink hole captive. Her arousal was at least as intense as my own if not more so as her sexuality literally oozed from between her muscular thighs.
Whatever their names or identities were previously no longer mattered, now they were graceful, statuesque animals known only as Peppermint and Obsidian and it was clear that they were fully content in their role.
"Pet, come here please," I heard my Master say, snapping me out of the wondrous trance that I was immersed in. "Kristin, come here now!" He repeated in a firmer tone as he clapped his hands loudly. I blinked several times and quickly scurried to Master's side where he quickly grabbed my leash once more.
"I'm so sorry Master. Please forgive your slave pet for not being more attentive," I begged.
"You're forgiven pet. I can understand how you might be overwhelmed by such a captivating sight," he replied reassuringly as he gently rubbed my exposed back and squeezed my bare bottom once more. "But a spanking will still be required when we get home," he said with a mischievous grin that made me look forward to my bare rear turning red for his pleasure.
"Your Master and I have been chatting about you little Kristin," Grace said to me with a comforting smile. "When you're ready your Master will bring you to me to be trained as a show pony. Understand that it will be hard work. As you can see from Obsidian and Peppermint, I expect perfection from the animals I train."
"Thank you Mistress," I said with an ear to ear grin on my face as I looked up at my owner. "And thank you as well Master for allowing me to train with Mistress Grace."
"You're welcome little one," he replied as he leaned in and pressed his lips to mine, sending tingles of pleasure and pride through my spine.
"There are a couple more things you should be aware of my dear," Grace continued. "First, when I'm training you, you are mine. I will have full sexual use of you and I will expect for you to pleasure me when you're not actively being trained. Your Master has informed me that you are truly bisexual and that won't be a problem. Is that correct?"
"Yes Mistress, I enjoy pleasuring a woman's body as much as a man's. "
"Excellent, I look forward to seeing how your tongue performs on me. I may also allow some of my ponyboys to mount you in the course of your training. As a reward for both mare and stallion of course and a fine little mare like yourself will surely make them excited to mate with you," she explained with a sly grin. "Your Master has given permission for such couplings and has indicated that it would excite you."
"Yes Mistress, it does make me excited. I know I'm just a female animal and I'm usually in heat which attracts the attention of the males. It's my role to accommodate them inside my body to whatever extent my owner and you as my trainer allow. "
Grace turned to my Master and said "she's not just beautiful but she has the perfect attitude as well. She is simply delightful and it will be a joy to train her. Perhaps we can even get her ready in time for the pony show next month." She tilted her head and gazed at me. "One final thing, Kristin is not a suitable pony name at all."
"Nor a suitable slave name for that matter," Master added. "In the coming days I think we'll have to find something more appropriate."
"Indeed," the beautiful Mistress agreed with a nod. "I've already decided that your ponygirl name will be Raven Beauty. I think it describes you perfectly. Do you like the name little Raven Beauty?"
"Yes Mistress, I like it very much, it sounds like a wonderful ponygirl name for me and honestly, the idea of having a ponygirl name, or even a slave name is really exciting for me," I said knowing that the evidence of my excitement was dripping from the sensitive crimson flesh between my legs.
"Then it's settled. I look forward to seeing you soon Raven Beauty." She smiled and nodded to my Master before giving a tug of the reins while flicking her whip in the air with a single loud crack. "On Peppermint, on Obsidian," she cried. The exquisite ponygirls dug their shiny metal hooves into the pavement and pulled hard as the cart began to move and gather speed down the bumpy cobblestone surface, the sound fading as the cart disappeared around the bend.
Master rubbed my rear, gently sliding a finger between my cheeks to caress my anus before moving to the entrance of my slick pussy which defined my existence as a sex object. I nuzzled my cheek against his warm frame before he removed his hand and gave my metal chain leash a quick tug. "Want to explore some more of the town my little pet?"
"I'd like that Master. As long as I'm at the end of your leash, where you go I'll follow," I said with a content smile.
We passed several small stores and I stopped in front of one that had a mannequin in the window wearing an elaborate white lace wedding dress. I found myself amazed at the meticulous crafting of the garment. Every aspect down to the smallest thread was considered.
"Thinking of a wedding?" Master asked with a crafty smirk as he pulled my leash tight bringing my exposed little body close to his muscular frame.
"I was married a long time ago."
"I know," he replied with a nod as his arm wrapped comfortingly around my small waist.
I took a deep breath and quickly said "I wonder what's down the next street Master. Maybe we should go take a look if it pleases you."
"Maybe we should my little one," he said as he gave my leash a playful tug and we continued our exploration of the town.
We must have spent hours enjoying the streets. I marveled at all of the little details that I never thought could be possible. The way the leaves blew off the trees from the gentle wind that licked at my naked body, the sound of the gulls as they glided over the crystal blue sea and even how the luxuriously soft green grass felt beneath my bare feet. My heart skipped a beat as we passed a piercing studio and stopped beating altogether when I saw the irons for branding slaves. Master must have sensed my reaction because he pulled me close to him and placed a knowing kiss upon my full red lips. Everywhere we went I felt the eyes of slaves and dominants alike basking in the sight of my naked form and enjoying the view of my total and complete obedience to the man who owned me, their awareness of me only served to stoke the fire of my arousal and send flutters of desire through my tummy.
I lost track of time and before I knew it the sun was low in the sky bathing the warm clear sea in its gentle reddish orange light. We headed back to the house on the beach; our house. It was there that Master administered the promised spanking to correct my earlier lapse in attention before bathing my lithe body thoroughly, carrying me to bed and chaining me in place securely by my heavy metal wrist and ankle cuffs. I was happy and content and before I could give my joyful existence as a slave another thought, I drifted off to a sleep dominated by dreams of ponygirls, bound breasts and obedient slave girls.
Chapter Three: Worshipping the Master
The familiar ocean breeze blew through the open window making the white lace curtains billow as the golden rays of sunshine streamed into the room. I opened my blue eyes and blinked several times to adjust to the light, taking a deep breath of the salty air into my lungs. I tried to move my arms only to discover that my wrists and ankles were still securely locked in place by the solid metal cuffs that were permanently welded on my extremities, leaving me naked and in a spread eagle position that left the totality of my sex on display and vulnerable. Master must have sensed that I was awake because he was at the foot of the bed in seconds. My eyes traced the contours of his hairless body and the way his formidable erect penis stood at attention. The head pointed in my direction making it clear that it knew exactly what it desired.
"Sleepyhead is finally awake," he said with an impish smile as he unlocked the chain securing my left ankle before moving to the right. "You look so beautiful when you're sleeping like that."
"You mean naked with my legs spread wide? " I asked with a grin as I rolled my blue eyes playfully. "How long have you been watching me sleep?"
"A while; you bring me pleasure even when you're not awake. Which is good because it's your role in life to bring me pleasure at all times," he said as he unlocked each of my wrist cuffs. I rubbed my tingling arms and sat up in bed just as he leaned in to press his lips against mine. My lips parted and I felt his wet tongue invade my mouth, once again flickering against my own tongue in a sensual saliva covered dance. My hands gripped his smooth bare rear and I pulled him closer to me until his muscular hairless chest pressed against my firm breasts, the heat of our skin melting us together as one.
"I want for you to worship me, my little pet," he commanded as he broke our kiss leaving only a single glistening strand of saliva connecting our lips.
My heart began to beat faster and my skin started to tingle and feel flush as my arousal and excitement grew. "Yes Master, I want to worship every inch of your body. My tongue exists to please you Master."
I licked down his smooth chin to his neck which I coated in soft kisses before my tongue lapped at his skin in long broad strokes. I slid over to his ear where I ran my saliva coated pink organ over the ridges before sucking his earlobe into my mouth, massaging it gently with my tongue as I held it between my plump lips.
He let out a soft moan and closed his eyes as my mouth worked its magic on his body. "That's it, my little pet. I love the feel of your tongue on me. You're so good."
"I love licking you Master," I replied as I pushed him on to his back and climbed on top of his body, my slender legs straddling him as I leaned forward and slid my tongue down to his chest, tasting his smooth salty skin as I left behind a glistening trail of my saliva. I placed a series of gentle kisses on his torso, making my way to his small pink nipples which I teased with the tip of my tongue before sucking each in turn into my warm mouth.
I felt my Master's body tremble at my touch as I kissed down his tummy to where my saliva coated tongue lightly flickered against his belly button. He tried to stifle a laugh as my pink organ tickled him and I had to stop my affections as I let out a responsive giggle in the moment. I took a deep breath to regain my composure thus allowing me to continue in my duties of pleasuring my Master as I brushed the dark strands of hair out of my face and tucked them behind my ear.
I moved further down to where I saw his erect penis throbbing and pulsing. It was ready for me like a predator laying in wait for its quarry. There was no question that I was the prey or more to the point, my warm mouth and slick aching pussy were the targets of this particular hunter. I placed a series of gentle kisses around the base of his cock, licking at his hairless balls, sucking one and then the other gently into my mouth and massaging them with my tongue. My mouth moved to his perineum and I licked in flickering strokes that made my Master moan and quiver with pleasure.
My mouth moved up to his rigid shaft which I covered in more kisses and playful licks before reaching the head. I ran my tongue across the top, tasting the salty discharge of precum that had been coaxed forth as a result of my affection and was a sign that my attentiveness to his body would soon yield even more tangible rewards. I wrapped my lips around his cock and slid my mouth down on it, feeling it glide over my tongue toward the back of my throat. As it went deeper and deeper inside my mouth with each downward stroke I expected to trigger a gag reflex, but instead it went all the way inside until my lips were pressed firmly at the base of his member with no negative consequences at all. In fact his cock felt utterly comfortable buried deep inside my mouth, a perfect fit as if it was in its rightful home.
His cock twitched and pulsed in my mouth as my luscious ruby lips pressed harder. Our eyes locked as his hard organ slid easily in and out of my orifice. I could sense his muscles beginning to tense and the pulsing of his cock accelerated. His breathing became more rapid and I watched as beads of sweat began to drip from his temples. I knew he was getting close so I worked his member with renewed energy, sucking and licking to the fullest extent of my devotion to the man who owned me. Finally I heard him begin to grunt and moan and suddenly I felt the warm sticky spurts of his thick cum flooding my mouth.
"You were an unbelievable cocksucker my little pet," he said as a satisfied smile formed on his lips. "You know the rule, you're not allowed to swallow my cum until I give you permission. Understand my beautiful fuck toy?"
I nodded as his quickly softening organ slid out of my mouth taking with it a few dribbles of his salty white batter mixed with my sweet saliva. I held my crimson lips closed for what seemed like an eternity, waiting for when he saw fit to give me the command that was the focus of my attention. At last he uttered the words I longed to hear. "You have my permission to swallow, my precious cunt," he said in a calm, relaxed tone.
As soon as the words left his lips the gooey mix of cum and saliva that had found a home in my mouth wasted no time sliding down my throat toward my waiting stomach. "You were phenomenal my pet," he complimented me sending tingles of delight up my spine. My reward for a job well done was not only my Master's praise and pleasure but his seed inside my body as well. "Are you in the mood to go into town today?" He asked.
"Of course Master. You know I follow wherever my leash takes me."
"Speaking of which, as cute as you were on your leash yesterday, I was thinking you'd look even cuter as my little puppygirl today."
My skin glowed red and my heart beat faster with arousal. "I would love to be your puppygirl Master, though it's a little far to go on all fours the whole way."
"Silly bitch, I'll only have you on all fours when we get into town. Now stand up and bend over, every puppy needs a tail and you're no exception."
I climbed off of my Master, spread my legs and bent over. I knew that my anus and juicy pussy were on full display for him, a fact that made me even more excited for what was to come. I saw out of the corner of my eye that he was lubing up a large black anal plug that had a long rubber tail attached to it. "You probably know where this is going, don't you my little bitch?"
"I think I can guess Master. Are you sure it'll fit?"
"Don't worry my pet, we'll make it fit. You're a lot stretchier back there than you realize."
I nodded, trusting my Master completely. This body that I inhabited was his property after all. If he wanted to shove a giant plug up my anal passage, it was entirely within his rights to do so and it was my role to bear it. Such was the level of control that I craved. I felt the slippery head of the plug press against my puckered sphincter as he started to work it in. He rubbed my tummy with one hand while the other gently helped the plug inside me take root. Back and forth, deeper and deeper into my body as I tried my best to relax and focus on my breathing and not on the discomfort that was building inside my rectum. "That's it my little bitch, just relax and let it inside you. You're doing great. It's almost in," he said in an encouraging tone. He gave one final hard shove and I felt it push deep into my tight little anal canal. "All done and now you have a tail. What a perfect little puppygirl you're going to be for me today," he said with a sense of pride as my sphincter pulsed and squeezed the thick invader that filled my back hole, almost sucking on it in a way.
"Let me throw on some clothes and we'll get going. Why don't you wait on all fours by the front door with your leash in your mouth like a good bitch," he said with a smile. I nodded and quickly scampered on hands and feet to the front door where I placed the leather handle of the leash in my mouth and waited obediently on all fours like a good pet for my Master to take me for a walk into town.
Chapter Four: Master's Perfect Pet
Even though I was allowed to walk standing up for the bulk of the journey to town, it was by no means an easy endeavor. Every careful step that my small bare feet took reminded me of the large rubber intruder that occupied my rectum and shifted uncomfortably inside my lithe body. As we rounded the bend in the road and the town came into view a couple blocks away, Master stopped and gave my leash a hard yank.
"Down bitch," he said as he pointed at the ground. I quickly went down on hands and feet and looked up at him through my crystal blue eyes, trying to garner some sympathy. The town still seemed so far away. "Until I tell you otherwise, you're only allowed to bark. No trying to talk like a human, understand?"
"Woof woof," I barked with a smile.
"It sounds like you're trying to be a big dog, but you're just a cute little puppygirl aren't you?" He asked as he delicately stroked the underside of my chin with his fingertips. "So bark like the adorable bitch in heat that you are."
I wiggled my exposed rear and felt the long black rubber tail flop back and forth as my anus squeezed hard on the plug it was attached to. "Arf arf."
"That's much better girl. Also I've decided that your puppygirl name is going to be Princess. Do you like that name Princess?"
"Arf arf," I barked out as I bit my succulent lower lip, feeling a tingle of excitement in my tummy and between my legs at the prospect of having a puppygirl name.
"Not that you have a choice in the matter. You're just an owned bitch after all; you're my animal, my pet and my property, aren't you? "
Master's words alone caused my pussy to ache as I accepted my place as his owned animal. "Arf arf," I responded as I continued to wag my rubber tail.
He gave my leash a tug and called out "heel Princess!" I scurried beside him and tried to keep pace as he started to walk the final stretch to the town. However uncomfortable the anal plug was inside me when I was walking upright it was at least ten times more excruciating with my little body bent over on hands and feet. I found that if I constantly squeezed my anus against the rubber invader it gave some relief and I could only imagine how well developed my anal muscles would be after this adventure.
Getting into the town didn't take nearly as long as I anticipated. Perhaps it wasn't as far as I thought or maybe I was just so preoccupied with staying close to my Master's leg that I didn't think about the distance at all. We crossed the street to where a large willow tree stood watch over Matilda's Coffee which overlooked the crystal blue sea as several dominants enjoyed a morning coffee at the outdoor tables while their devoted pets knelt beside them.
We entered the establishment and a beautiful blonde girl greeted us with a big smile on her face. "G'day, I'm Matilda and welcome to my shop, how ya goin'?" She asked from behind the counter.
"Sit girl," Master commanded me as he gently patted my head. I moved into a kneeling position. My heels pressed into my rear and I spread my thighs to ensure that the moist pink lips of my pussy were on display just as Master taught me. I leaned forward and placed my arms in front of me which squeezed my little tits together as I put my palms flat on the shiny marble floor of the establishment.
"I'm doing terrific Matilda and thank you for asking," Master replied with a smile. "I'll have a café mocha and my bitch here will take a green tea with mint."
"Too easy Sir," she responded. "Would you like the green tea in a cup or a dog bowl?"
"Definitely in a dog bowl Matilda."
"I thought you might want that. We'll get it right out to ya. I have to say Sir, that's one gorgeous bitch you have on your leash. I've seen quite a few pets come through here as you can imagine but never one as unique looking as her. You're a very lucky owner," Matilda said, unable to take her bright green eyes off of my exposed and vulnerable body.
"Thank you for your compliment. She's actually a half breed bitch; kind of a mutt if you will."
"The mixed breeds are always the most beautiful. Do you think I might be allowed to pet her?" She asked in a tone that could barely contain her excitement.
"Of course you may. Her name is Princess and she loves attention."
Matilda quickly moved around the counter on bouncing steps, knelt down beside me and gently began to run her fingers down my back all the way to where the slick rubber tail projected from my rear. "You're a good girl, aren't you Princess? Such a beautiful bitch you are." She said as her fingers stroked the silken strands of my hair and danced upon my soft cheeks. Her hands moved down my slender body to my flat tummy which she rubbed tenderly as I held my position. Before I knew it her fingers were fluttering on my pubic mound, ready to tease the sensitive flesh beneath.
"Would it be alright if I had a little taste of her?"
"By all means Matilda, she's here to be enjoyed," Master replied with an inviting smile.
Her fingers slid between my thighs, touching the pink lips at the entrance to my aching little fuck tunnel before her index finger slowly pushed past my tender labia, slipping inside my dripping wet hole and moving in slow circles before she removed her glistening juice covered digit and popped it in her mouth. Her eyes lit up as she sucked on her finger and she let out a soft moan. "She is easily the most delicious thing I think I've ever tasted. Lacey, you have to come try Princess' pussy juice," Matilda said with excitement as she waved over a lithe redhead who was clearing tables.
Lacey approached and gave my Master a respectful curtsy. "Do you mind if I taste her too Sir?"
When Master gave permission with a nod of his head Lacey wasted no time kneeling down in front of me, carefully pushing her own fingers inside my most delicate region. Lacey brushed the strands of her flaming red hair from her pale freckled face with one hand as she removed the gleaming lube covered fingers of the other from the throbbing pussy that defined my role as an owned sex slave. She popped the finger in her mouth and like Matilda before her; she sucked on it, savoring the flavor and enjoying how I tasted. "You're so right Matilda, her pussy juices are amazing. If you could bottle this Sir, you'd make a fortune." My skin burned with the humiliation of being talked about in such a manner, but the tingles in my tummy and between my slender thighs removed any doubt about the extent to which I was enjoying their treatment of me.
Both girls thanked Master for sharing my yummy juices and returned to their duties at the coffee shop. Master gave my leash a tug and I felt it pull on the heavy metal collar that was permanently affixed to my willowy neck. "Heel Princess," he said as he turned to walk in the direction of the outside seating area. I swiftly shifted on to all fours and scampered briskly to keep pace. I tried to raise my ass and crawl with my toned thighs spread to give greater exposure to the pink treasures between my legs, knowing how much Master enjoyed when the most private areas of my petite body were fully accessible and visible to others.
Master picked an ideal table with a beautiful view of the clear cerulean sea. I assumed my kneeling position once more as he sat and within seconds Matilda arrived, placing a steaming hot mug of coffee on the table and a stainless steel dog bowl filled with green tea on the floor in front of me. I leaned forward and inhaled deeply, enjoying the scent of the tea mixed with the salt air. I felt Master's hand stroking my long dark hair as it blew in the soft breeze that made my pink nipples stiffen. He took a sip of his coffee and smiled before pointing toward the dog bowl. "Princess, you have permission to drink."
"Arf arf," I barked to show my gratitude as I moved forward, arching my back and raising my ass high until my tits were almost touching the ground and my face was in the bowl. I extended my soft pink tongue as far as it would go and began to lap up the tasty warm liquid just as a dog might. I found myself wiggling my ass once more, feeling the rubber tail flop around behind me and knowing my Master was enjoying the show I was putting on.
Just as I was finishing the last of the green tea from my dog bowl, I spied a pair of black patent leather thigh high boots entering my field of vision, a loud clacking sound echoed from the platform heels as a Mistress with a very handsome blonde puppyboy who resembled a young Brad Pitt in tow by a leash attached to his collar approached my Master.
"I hope I'm not disturbing your coffee," she said with a smile. "I saw your girl here and I thought she looked simply delightful. I just had to come compliment you."
"Thank you for saying so, Princess certainly does enjoy praise. "
"Princess is an absolute beauty. This is Duke, he's my faithful animal." The Mistress reached down and lightly patted the perfect yellow strands of hair atop Duke's head, her dainty fingers finding their way to his warm mouth where he quickly extended his slick saliva coated tongue and began to lick and suck on them in earnest. As their conversation continued I was spoken about as if I was a mere object or prized animal to be shown off and enjoyed, which of course was a very accurate assessment of my status.
As aroused as the conversation was making me, the sight of the puppyboy before me had the soft folds between my thighs soaked in my slippery juices. I couldn't help but to notice the way he was staring at me and trying to get a good view of my aching pussy. Judging by how erect his cock was I knew that my little body had him in a state that was as excited as my own.
It didn't take long for Duke to summon the courage to crawl toward me. He stared into my blue eyes and smiled before letting out a low "woof" in greeting which I returned with a soft "arf arf." The chain leash attached to his collar rattled against his collar in a manner similar to my own as he moved close to me, his lips brushed against mine and I instinctively found my soft tongue sliding between my sweet crimson lips to meet his. Our tongues flickered against each other until they were fully intertwined in each other's mouths. My breathing became heavy as my passion grew and I could feel my heart beating wildly.
We broke our kiss with a single strand of glimmering clear saliva still connecting our mouths before Duke started licking my face and neck and tracing my steel collar with his tongue. I found myself subconsciously shaking my firm tits and shapely ass to entice Duke further, though judging by the hardness of the cock that bobbed about between his legs, no further motivation was needed to get him interested in me. He slowly moved down to my delectable little tits and quickly sucked one of my hard pink nipples into his mouth, massaging the sensitive tip with his tongue and coating it in his saliva which sent sensations of pleasure flowing through my body.
Suddenly Duke's leash was pulled hard causing him to jerk backwards. "Bad puppyboy!" his Mistress scolded. "Leave Princess alone."
A humiliated look formed on Duke's face as he turned red with embarrassment and cowered behind his owner's shiny thigh high boot. My Master gently stroked my saliva covered face and smiled at the Mistress. "It's fine Kelcie, this isn't Duke's fault. I'm afraid my bitch Princess is in heat. Duke was powerless to resist the enticing aroma of her magical pussy. They seem to be enjoying each other. I don't mind if you don't.
The beautiful blonde Mistress nodded and gave Duke a reassuring pat on the head. "You and Princess can continue to play while her owner and I finish our conversation."
"Woof woof," he barked out joyfully before quickly crawling back to me and kissing my plump ruby lips once more. "Arf arf," I responded gleefully as our tongues once more found themselves interlinked in a sensual saliva covered ballet. The reunion of our mouths didn't last long however because within minutes Duke had moved behind me and I felt the weight of his body on my back as he positioned himself to mount me. I sensed the tip of his throbbing hard cock moving back and forth against my slick pink nether lips, teasing me and making me anxious for that first thrust inside my slender little body when I knew his cock would fill my fuck tunnel and stretch my needy vaginal walls to accommodate his girth.
I could feel his warm breath on my neck as his throbbing cock slowly entered me causing me to gasp audibly. He pushed in and out building up the rhythm until he was sliding all the way inside me and his hips were slapping against the firm cheeks of my shapely rear. My breathing turned to a shallow panting in perfect rhythm to each deep thrust of his cock inside my slender body as I pushed back on him. I could feel the eyes of everyone in the restaurant staring as Duke and I went at it like a pair of literal animals. As my Master had noted, I was in heat. It was biology that forced the muscular puppyboy's cock deep inside my luscious dripping wet pussy. Neither of us had a choice in the matter. Even Master and Duke's Mistress stared at their two animals rutting in sweat covered ecstasy and marveled at the frenetic pace with which we pleasured each other.
My small tits bounced back and forth beneath me as Duke's pulsing member filled and stretched me. Each time that he would thrust all the way in my tail would press against his abdomen, pushing the plug deeper in my rectum. The sensation of being double penetrated ensured that it wasn't long before I found myself on the edge of orgasm. My lithe little frame was ready to explode from the need to cum but I knew I wasn't allowed to indulge in the euphoria of female rapture without permission from my Master. This was his body after all. He owned it completely including my orgasms. Yet I wasn't allowed to talk, making the task of getting approval to cum all the more challenging. I looked up at my Master and started making noise to get his attention. "Arf arf arf," I barked breathlessly between Duke's sharp thrusts deep within my slender figure.
"What is it girl? Do you need to tell me something?" My Master asked in a teasing tone. He knew exactly what I needed and yet he was torturing me. I was straining and using all my energy to keep from going over the edge and into the abyss of an unauthorized orgasm and all he could do was mock my predicament. I whimpered and when that didn't work, I stuck out my tongue until the saliva began to drip off the tip and gather into a puddle on the stone patio beneath me as if I was a real puppy. I could feel Duke's cock begin to twitch inside me and I knew he was getting close. I was running out of time. I needed my Master to give me permission to cum.
I tried to beg with my blue eyes attempting to speak volumes with a look. "Please Master; please let your little bitch in heat cum. Please let me climax, Master." I tensed my muscles and hoped he got the message and more importantly, that he was in a generous enough mood to gift me an orgasm.
"You really are being cruel to the poor girl," Mistress Kelcie piped up as the manicured fingertips of her free hand gently tickled Duke's sweat laden back while the other hand kept a firm grip on his leash. She admired the way my little frame responded to each invasion of his cock as he thrust deep inside my body. "Do you want to cum Duke?"
"Woof woof," he breathlessly barked as he continued to vigorously mate with me.
"You've been such a good boy Duke; you have my permission to cum inside your beautiful little bitch."
"Woof," he barked again in gratitude as he redoubled his efforts and began to pump in and out of my juicy little hole even faster than before.
"I admit my bitch has been good as well, haven't you Princess?" My Master asked with a smile.
"Arf arf arf," I enthusiastically barked and nodded as my hips continued to move in a perfect fluid motion with Duke.
"I suppose you've earned an orgasm too Princess. Go ahead, you have permission to cum."
As soon as the words left his lips I stopped trying to control my petite body. I let go and within seconds my muscles began to tense and my entire frame started to quiver intensely. My blue eyes rolled back and my breathing became ragged as the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced gripped me and shook the core of my existence for what seemed like a lifetime. Right as a loud moan involuntarily escaped my mouth I heard Duke grunt loudly and I felt his cock twitch and pulse in the clutches of my vaginal muscles before he screamed out to herald the spurting of his sticky white cum deep into my womb.
I tried desperately to catch my breath, my chest heaving as sweat dripped copiously from the glistening smooth surface of my satin skin. I could barely maintain my balance on all fours, especially as my back continued to bear much of Duke's weight with his hot skin pressed against mine.
Duke's owner wasted no time in giving his leash a hard pull, forcing him off my little body, his cock sliding out of my cum filled pussy until his naked form was properly positioned next to his owner's legs. My Master followed her lead and gave my leash a hard yank jerking my slender form to his side. "Go clean Duke up Princess, it's the least you can do after he so generously fucked your dripping cunt," Master said as he ran his hand down my gleaming sweat covered back.
His words sent shivers of burning humiliation and pleasure down my spine as I crawled to Duke and moved my head between his legs, extending my juicy pink tongue and lapping at his softening cock which shimmered with a combination of my slippery girl lube and his cum. I tasted myself on his salty skin and reveled in the flavors of his warm batter. I was well aware of the view my Master must have had of my slick pussy on display peeking out from between my spread thighs with a constant dribble of milky white sperm leaking from my fuck tunnel.
"Now thank his owner properly for allowing him to mount you Princess," my Master commanded me.
"Arf arf," I barked while shifting my head over to her shiny black platform boots. My pouty red lips grazed the surface of the smooth material as I placed a series of heartfelt kisses on her footwear before using my moist saliva coated tongue to lick in earnest. I began with long broad strokes over the top, coating the patent leather until it had a glossy shine before flickering my little pink organ around the sides where I kissed and sucked on her heel as if it was a dildo whose natural home was my saliva filled orifice.
Master gave my leash a sharp tug causing me to quickly scamper back to his side and assume my kneel position, pressing my sweaty reddened cheek against the soft cotton fabric of his pants while he wrapped up his conversation with Mistress Kelcie. They exchanged goodbyes and the Mistress yanked Duke's leash, forcing him to heel as they strode down the street. I gazed at his muscular rear and the freshly drained balls that hung between his thighs before I turned my admiration to the toned form of his stunningly gorgeous owner, knowing that this was surely the first of many interactions to come.
I closed my eyes as Master stroked my long black hair. His coffee was long finished and we enjoyed the intimate silence of our time together, a man and his bitch. After some time had passed, he leaned forward and lifted my chin until our eyes met and pressed his lips to mine. "I'm so proud of you Princess, you are an amazing pet and an incredible slave."
"Arf arf," I barked in reply as I jiggled my firm little tits for his pleasure.
"I'd like for us to walk around the town some more if you're ready. If you want to do it as Princess the puppy slave bark once and if you want for me to turn you back into Kristin, my beautiful little fuck toy, bark twice."
I adored being a good little bitch for my Master and there was no doubt that the opportunities for me to explore such activities further would be abundant, but my knees were getting tired and I was feeling ready to resume the role of a human girl, even if it was a human who was completely owned in every sense of the word. My Master already knew which choice I would make, for it wasn't actually a choice at all but rather the illusion of one. In that sense it wasn't different from any of the myriad of other elements that formed my day.
"Arf arf," I barked twice to indicate that I was ready to return to being his little slave Kristin.
"Raise your ass and we'll get that tail out of you," he demanded. I got into position with my sensitive pink nipples touching the hard stone surface of the patio and my ass rose so that my tight plug filled back hole pointed upwards. I felt the eyes of every patron in the coffee shop and every passerby on the street staring at my humiliating predicament as Master grabbed my smooth black rubber tail firmly with one hand and began to pull very slowly and carefully. I felt the invader in my rectum shift and my puckered little sphincter stretch until the thick black rubber plug was dislodged from my petite body with a pop. My anus pulsed and gaped widely. I was painfully aware of how fully on display for the crowd one of my most private parts was as I held my position until my Master was ready to give me another order.
"Stand on your feet little one," he commanded. "You will remain naked and on my leash of course, but at least you can walk upright and use human speech."
"Thank you Master, I adored being your bitch today," I said as I cleared my throat, getting used to forming actual words again and the feeling of emptiness that emanated from my little puckered sphincter.
As we had the previous day, we explored the now familiar setting of the town. I gazed in amazement at the level of detail surrounding me. How the air smelled, the warm breeze that stiffened my tender pink nipples and the way Master's warm hand felt on my firm well shaped rear whenever we would stop and he would put his arm on my waist.
Chapter Five: Seeds of Doubt
The warm sun started to creep lower in the sky on its way to meet its friend the translucent blue sea to bathe it in its deep red hues just as it did every evening. We passed the piercing and branding shops once more and my reaction was just as intense as it had been the first time such options were placed before me. My Master gazed down upon me and nodded with a knowing smile. I had no doubt that my slender little body would be decorated in a manner that was sure to please us both in due time and I would be marked forever as his property.
"You would look delicious with rings in those cute little nipples of yours," he said as his fingers gently grazed the tips of my rigid pink nubs sending tingles flowing through my petite frame.
"I'd like that very much Master," I whispered as my legs trembled with excitement at the prospect of having a lovely set of rings dangling from my firm tits.
"I want to see some rings in your labia as well. Perhaps three on each side so I can seal you up whenever it pleases me."
"Just three Master?" I inquired with a teasing tone.
"I reserve the right to add more as required of course."
"Oh of course," I responded as my cheek nuzzled his arm.
"You'll need a nice thick ring through that clit of yours. That will be a good place to leash and punish you when you get naughty."
"My poor little clitty," I pretended to whine as my fingers moved to protect the sensitive bundle of nerves that defined my being. "Besides, I never get naughty Master; I'm a perfect slave girl."
"That you are little one," he said with a reassuring smile. Where else do you think we can add some rings?"
"How about my septum Master? Like a cow."
"That would be perfect if I make you into my personal hucow. How would you feel about producing milk for my coffee?"
"It would be my honor Master. You own all of me including any liquids my body produces. I bet my milk would be delicious too."
"I bet you're right my perfect bitch," he said as he gazed lovingly into my blue eyes. "Perhaps a ring in your tongue?"
"If it pleases you Master. I hear a tongue piercing increases pleasure during oral sex."
"Well then a tongue piercing should be at the top of the list," he said with a wink. There is one more ring that I think belongs on your body."
He let go of my leash and before I could comprehend his forthcoming action, I found him on one knee in front of me holding out a beautiful diamond ring. He smiled that perfect smile of his and said "Kristin, you are the most perfect slave and companion any man could ever know. Would you do me the honor of marrying me and becoming my wife for the rest of time?"
I was speechless. I stared at my Master and I could feel my head fogging up. My heart started to beat faster, my muscles began to tense and tremble and I was feeling nauseous. I couldn't think and I couldn't move until I became aware that my head had begun to subconsciously shake back and forth and I felt as if a bomb was about to explode inside me.
"How can you do this?" I queried trying desperately to contain the anger in my voice.
"I thought it would please you," he replied. "I was certain it was what you wanted."
"You don't know what you're saying," I said as I instinctively took a step back. He reached out and tried to grab my hand but I pulled it away. "Get off me."
"You think you exist to serve me, but we both know that I exist to serve you," he said in a pleading tone.
"Forty-one years. I was with my husband for forty-one fucking years. You can't begin to imagine. You can't know. You'll never understand the burden, the obligation, the boredom; the fucking boredom, my god. You have no idea what that's like; the love, the yearning, the years of neglect. You just can't know. Everything we sacrificed together."
Tears were streaming from my eyes as my little body convulsed with emotion. My vision was becoming blurry, my voice was turning hoarse and my head began to throb in pain. "We had a daughter named Sara. I watched her grow from a precocious baby to an exhausting little girl to a formidable woman and I was at her side holding her hand as she succumbed to cancer at age thirty-six and not a day went by that I didn't feel that heartbreak and not a day goes by that I don't think of my husband and wonder if they're together now and what? You think you can just read my mind and fill that hole? Fuck you!"
I could sense myself yelling at this point but I didn't care. I wiped the tears from my face and took a deep breath trying to regain my composure. He nodded his head. I wasn't telling him anything he didn't already know. "I don't care how much you think you can learn or what you think you know but you'll never know this. You'll never understand it. You're nothing and you'll always be nothing. It feels hollow and shallow and you may have gotten all the stupid little details right but you're a shit at understanding, I mean truly understanding anything."
"I know I have a lot to learn."
"Fucking right you do."
"What can I do?"
"You can leave me alone," I said as I started to walk away in anger. I wandered the streets in an attempt to clear my head for what felt like hours until the twilight gave way to darkness. I didn't care that I was naked, none of it mattered anyway. For the first time since my arrival in this place I noticed large gray clouds begin to fill the sky and a crack of thunder startled me and caused my heart to beat even faster.
I reached the beach house just as the first few fat drops of rain began to bounce off my head and drip down my exposed skin. I ran inside the eerily quiet structure, wrapped myself in a large blanket and curled up by the fireplace which glowed with its warmth. With each flash of lighting, I saw a lone figure out on the beach staring at the sea, unmoving. Thoughts circled my brain like vultures. Had I made a mistake? What were my options? The discomfort continued to grip my little body until fatigue took hold of me and I drifted off to sleep.
The sun rose to an overcast day and set and rose once more, over and over as I came to grips with my feelings. The solitary form never left its self determined post on the beach, standing in unwavering service as I took all the time I needed in order to sort out my emotions. The sea looked gray and unwelcoming as I wrapped the blanket around my body, finally ready to head out to the cold deserted beach. I stood next to the figure who had dutifully maintained a steadfast vigil before me and we stared out the water in silence for a lifetime.
"Don't ever do that again," I said, breaking the stillness of the heavy air.
"I won't," he softly replied. "I'm not perfect. I know it seems like I should be but I'm not. I'm always learning and part of that process is, not unlike you, making the occasional mistake. Do you think we can go back to me being your Master and you being my devoted slave?"
I sensed myself nodding, wanting desperately to once again find myself kneeling at his feet and feeling his firm guidance controlling every aspect of my being. "As long as you understand that's the relationship we have, I am your slave and you are my Master. That's what I want, that's what will make me happy. Agreed?"
A smile formed on his lips and he nodded. "Agreed my perfect little fuck toy."
He lifted my chin, leaned in and tenderly kissed my full red lips. The gray clouds above broke open and golden rays of sunlight streamed through, warming my body as the blanket dropped to the sugary white sand beneath my small feet.
It wasn't long before we were back to fully exploring my submission to the Master I was totally devoted to. We enjoyed sunsets and walks through the town. Sometimes I was allowed to walk upright while on my leash and other times I crawled on all fours as my anus squeezed against the large intruder inside my rectum and sucked on it joyfully.
The sun was setting once more in the distance as we enjoyed a candle light dinner at a small family owned restaurant that sat atop a cliff near the ocean. My dinner was served in a dog bowl of course; I would expect nothing less from the man who owned me completely. My Master reached down and delicately flicked the large silver ring that dangled from my erect nipple, causing the large bell that hung from it to ring out. He had decorated my body with all the rings we discussed plus a number of studs circling my anus. He admired the brand on my left ass cheek, a circle with a small capital letter R and a larger capital letter T beneath it. It was a mark that branded me as his owned property forever, and every time I ran my fingertips over my scarred flesh, I was reminded of what a lucky little bitch I was after all.
Chapter Six: Epilogue
"Welcome back to the Today show, I'm Alexa Sawyer," the beautiful and vivacious blonde television host said with a sincere smile that revealed her flawless white teeth as she spoke to the camera. "I'm joined today by the founder and CEO of Richmond Technologies, billionaire entrepreneur and visionary Elliott Richmond. Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to chat with us today Mr. Richmond."
"Thank you for having me Alexa, and please call me Elliott," the middle aged man with a receding hairline and slightly paunchy belly replied.
"Of course Elliott, your company has developed an immersive virtual reality simulation that has become the latest go to technology. Your share price has spiked and you're riding an enviable wave of success. How does that feel?"
"It feels great Alexa. I would point out that the core of our technology is our artificial intelligence system. It takes only seconds for our A.I. to scour every social media post, every like, every text and every email to form a rudimentary picture of an individual's personality type, deepest desires, fondest wishes and unfulfilled dreams in order to create the perfect environment for them."
"That is amazing, but what do you say to critics who would consider access to such personal information to be an invasive breach of privacy?" Alexa questioned with her best serious journalist expression as she lobbed softball questions at the guest who just a few days prior had purchased the network that employed her.
"Our A.I only has access to what our users authorize or that which is already in the public domain. Not only is private information never shared but we don't even store it. We simply use the metadata contained therein to build a model," Elliott explained with an air of confidence as he no doubt had a thousand times before.
"Surely that information isn't always sufficient to form this perfect environment that you speak of, so how do you bridge the gap between what your A.I knows and what it needs to know?"
"You're absolutely right Alexa; the experience isn't perfect right out of the box. The best effort is put forth and holes are filled in through interaction with the individual. The A.I really gets to know and understand them. It asks them questions and it learns from its miscalculations. Over time the experience truly does approach a flawless immersion that is custom tailored to each individual."
"Next, how do you address the safety issues related to your technology, specifically the body disassociation issues that have occurred?"
Elliott nodded and paused to give the appearance of giving deep thought and consideration to a question that he had faced many times before and was well prepared to answer. "Body disassociation is an issue we're concerned about as well..."
Suddenly the television screen that hung high on the wall of the otherwise sterile small room went black as a stocky Jamaican nurse entered the space and waved her fingers in the air, triggering the power button on the augmented virtual interface of the device. "How's my girl today?" she asked cheerfully as she moved around to the side of the hospital bed to check the various electronics that monitored the patient they were connected to.
Kristin Kailey was motionless in the bed as she had been every day for the past several months. Her long black hair had turned a shade of silver white years ago and the nonagenarian's life was currently sustained via a complex series of tubes and devices. Though her body had failed her after so many years, her mind was still alive and well.
A small round white disk with the logo of Richmond Technologies, a circle with a small capital R above a larger capital T was securely affixed to Kristin's temple. A tiny blue L.E.D. light blinked at a steady pace indicating that the interface between the device and her brain was active. The nurse gently stroked her hair and touched the frail skin of her face. "Wherever you are beautiful lady, I hope you're having the time of your life," she said with a smile before stepping out of the room to continue her duties with other patients.
Kristin lived a full life filled with joy and heartbreak, happiness and disappointment. But now she had become what she always desired to be. She was a beautiful submissive who celebrated her complete obedience and devotion to her Master. Her remaining days had meaning and fulfillment and she reveled in the knowledge that she would always be her Master's faithful slave pet.
The End.
(Thank you so much for reading my story, I seriously hope you enjoyed it! If so, please be sure to give me a 5 star rating. If it wasn't your cup of tea, no worries, just leave the ratings to people who enjoy this type of content.
If you have any comments, thoughts, questions, insights, etc that you'd like to share with me please feel free. I love hearing what you have to say and interacting about the story!)