You're such a good husband. Surprising her early, to take her to dinner. She's had such a hard night. She told you on the phone how she'd have to order room service again because she was working late.
You were all ready to surprise her at the room. The front desk even agreed to let you in. Because they knew who you were.
You approach the room. Excited because though you do love her, you also crave her. Her body is a constant reminder of what you need.
You use the key card and it works the first time. The door opens silently into the large suite. You think you hear something, but can't be certain; as a couple was pushing a luggage cart down the hall at that time.
Your eyes take in the room. Mini bar, sofa, TV, coat rack with one.. two coats. A desk with her laptop open on top.
Wait, two coats?
Just as you get ready to examine the unfamiliar coat, you hear it again, louder.
SNAP
You hear a soft muffled gasp and a shuffle of movement.
The bedroom door is right there, who sneaked in her room while she's at work? Housekeeping must be having a field day.
Every step you take... SNAP
It gets more frequent.
The door is ajar and at the angle against the wall, you can see perfectly.
A crop in his hand, raised and waiting
He's wearing a suit. All gray hair, cut short and neat.
You watch as he snaps it again, the leather landing on flesh. His body shifts and you see a gorgeous ass. His hand massaging where he marked.
Hands are bound behind her back. The woman sounds gagged and her face is clearly on the bed covers. She has on long black thigh high stockings and a matching thong.
"What are you?" The man questions in a commanding voice.
"Yur shluuu". Muffled words come out from the woman's gagged and smothered mouth.
SNAP SNAP
A whimper and a wriggle.
"Karen... WHAT are you?"
More audibly, she speaks again, "Yur shluttt Sir"
Your heart races. He couldn't have said. But he did.
That beautiful ass so very familiar now.
His finger sliding beside the thong, running along the material. Easily sliding into her wet, needy pussy. She whimpers and wiggles. Wasting no time, the man adjusts his belt and you can tell what he's holding as he positions behind her.
"You are.."
Between his words, he pushes into her, hard and deep. She gasps.
"MINE! MY SLUT. KAREN! YOU ARE MINE!"
She rewards his efforts with a muffled cry as he thrusts into her.
"Such a good slut... Keeping that tight pussy unused for me. Never let your husband fuck you."
He leans forward, pushing into her hard. You hear her muffled moans. She's so close to cumming, a sound you haven't heard in so long. You can't help but reach for your cock. Afraid to interrupt them. You are swollen and needy. Your slut of a wife is cumming on that stranger's dick ... and you want to edge to it. You want to watch as he rams his fat cock into her, over and over.
He groans as he grabs her hair and releases the gag from her mouth.
"Fuck! Yes! Fuck me! I'm your slut!"
Your hand now inside your undone trousers. Stroking your needy cock. The ache already building. This pleasure is new but intense. Knowing some stranger is fucking your wife. Making her his slut. His used little fuck toy. He may even empty his balls inside of her... try to breed her.
He turns her around by her hair. Putting her to her knees. She gasps as he feeds her his cock. Shoving the massive organ in her mouth. You can see her face clearly now. Her face is flushed, her heavy breasts rising and falling as she bobs her head. He places his hands behind her head and she looks up momentarily. Her eyes meet yours. She gives you a look of acknowledgement and closes her gorgeous eyes once more. He fucks her face harder now. You hear her gagging and moaning over him as he continues pumping into her mouth, short deep thrusts.
He grunts and moans, "My good slut... you're going to drink my cum while your husband watches."
You feel your heart stop. How does he know? You haven't made a sound!
He fucks her mouth harder.
You feel so needy, his cock in your slut wife's mouth... your cock in your hand. Watching every move. His hips thrusting. Her throat swallowing around him.
Suddenly he raises her to her feet and bends her over the bed. You can see perfectly as his cock pushes into her never used ass. She cries out, begging for more. He pumps into her harder.
"MY ass!" He speaks in a commanding groan. Knowing that was directed at you more than her.
He pushes in deep and she screams as he grunts, cumming inside her ass. You feel your balls tighten and the pleasure rushes through you like adrenaline. Your cum landing on the bedroom door. His cum drips from her ass.