Prologue.
I was baching it when it started. My wife was in the British Virgins, with her friend Thea, for a captained and crewed charter of an 80 foot yawl. It was supposed to be me with her, instead of Thea, but a glitch in a multi-million dollar merger sucked me in at the firm.
It wasn't my client, but it was important to my partners. The charter company was sympathetic, but unbending in its assertion that we could neither reschedule nor get a refund. It turned out that our travel insurance didn't cover business problems, so Thea took my place.
I was asleep when my phone beeped. It was a text from my wife. That, in itself, was unusual. She never texts. Says she doesn't know how, and doesn't want to learn. It came at 2:43 a.m. That worried me. But it was the message that commanded my full attention:
"It will be story time when I get home."
No way I was getting back to sleep after that.
About two years ago, she wanted a story from me. I had imposed some minor physical restraint on a drunken fellow passenger on an airliner, earning the gratitude of the flight attendant upon whom he had focused his attentions.
When I jokingly told my wife that I seemed to have been offered a chance for something more than a verbal expression of gratitude from the lady in question, she told me to go for it. She gave me permission to bed her if I could, and adamantly demanded that I return with a good story to tell her when I got back, whether I was successful or not. I did return with a story, set forth in my prior posting entitled "Courtesy."
The condition upon which I accepted her quest, however, was that she must agree to do likewise in the future. Since she was conservative, I had expected her to withdraw her mission and permission, rather than accept such a commitment. She surprised me by agreeing.
Knowing her as I did, I assumed that she would never actually make good on her part. Now it appeared that I may have been wrong.
It was a very long five days until she returned, for she refused to give me a clue about the events underlying her text until she got back. Oh, she called, and we talked about the normal things, but not a word about the text.
In between the occasional surprise erections, embarrassing when they happened at work or in public, attempts to deal with the erections with almost OCD level bouts of masturbation, and out-of-body fantasies about what my wife might be doing, I worried. I worried that she might have found someone else, or that even if she hadn't found someone to steal her away, she might have experienced things that would leave her unsatisfied with me: handsome, romantic Latin lovers, mystic eastern techniques that drove her to unmatched orgasms, or more mundanely, some chiseled young guy with a tireless, huge cock.
The pictures made it worse. That first text was followed the next afternoon by a picture message of a chiseled guy with an erection. He looked young, with smooth swimmer muscles, and an average cock, fully erect, apparently taken in a hotel. The accompanying text said, "We played strip poker. He was one of the losers."
This was followed by a picture of a chiseled guyin his thirties, maybe, with an erection, although it was covered by his jockey underwear, taken indoors, maybe at a hotel. The accompanying text said "He did better than most."
Two days later, another picture message. Another chiseled young guy with a watch cap and an erection. A bigger one. The text said, "He lost too." This picture was obviously taken on the deck of a yacht.
The next day, the picture was of a naked Thea, her slit hidden behind the winch between her legs. Apparently, she lost too.
Almost immediately thereafter, a picture of a chiseled young guy pushing down his Speedo to reveal a, well, the only word I could think of was "handsome," erection, while standing at the rail of a boat.
A couple of hours later, another athletic young guy. This picture was taken on a beach, and the guy was covered with sand from his rib cage down, except for an average erection that poked up through the sand.
The night before she was due back, she sent a picture of just her hands. Handcuffed.
But the one that really worried me was the one she sent the late on final night she was there. It showed a handsome guy, not so chiseled but in good shape, about my age, or just a bit younger. He had a bit of salt and pepper at the temples, and a huge erection. He was laying back on a bed. He was wearing a wedding ring. The text said he lost too.
My gut said he didn't. If my wife were going to take another man to bed, he looked like the guy.
Somehow, the younger guys didn't worry me. I'm sure that she could lust after a young, cut body, especially ones with cocks like those in the pictures, but I just couldn't see her pursuing them on the basis of the visual alone. Putting aside the huge cock, the older guy had presence, even through a mere picture. He radiated substance, and maybe danger.
I had seen his look in faces of a few of my buds in the military. The real warriors, not the pretenders. I could see my wife going for him in a big way. That scared me.
The real capper was the picture of my wife. In bed. With only her panties on. Obviously not self shot.
That last night, I tried to keep from masturbating so as to have something left with which to greet my wife the next day, but my cock rose of its own volition to an insistent vision of my wife impaled by that huge erection. Loving it. Loving him. I was worried sick, but I stayed hard.
She arrived back at 4:55 p.m. on that Thursday. She looked sexy as hell. It was cool out. She was braless under her thin cashmere sweater, and her headlights were definitely on high beam.
Although she had all the right stuff to carry it off, I hadn't seen her braless in public since we had our first child. I hoped she would do it a lot from now on.
After a passionate welcome home kiss, I looked down at her nipples. She must have recognized the look in my eye. Before I could say anything, she said, "Not until bedtime, Big Boy. Let's pick up some Chinese, and then take me home."
"Big Boy?" I thought to myself. Not hardly, after seeing those pictures.
She spent the rest of the trip home from the airport telling me about flirting with some guy who had been on the Amazing Race, a TV show she adored. She said he kept her amused with behind the scenes stories, and that she kept him amused by touching his hand and thigh, or letting her breast "accidentally" touch his his upper arm, while she feigned fascination with his narrative.
I almost wished I that I had watched the show, so that I could visualize the guy she was talking about, but all of the "reality" shows that used the "confessional camera" ploy required an ability to suspend incredulity that I couldn't muster.
I was not sure I believed that she would engage in such physical teasing in public, but it was exciting that she claimed that she did. A sexy step up from her usually reserved demeanor.
When we got home, I tried to pump her for the story of her trip, but she would have none of it. "Patience, my sweet man, until bedtime."
Gammy left as we arrived, saying she was late for a date with her paramour. She had been widowed two years before, and had just reentered the dating scene. She was obviously the source of my wifes good looks; I knew she would have no problem keeping her dance card filled.
Our daughters came bounding out of the den to vie for hugs from their mom. She quite properly ignored me while she bonded with her girls, delighting them with trinkets she pulled from her suitcase.
After a while, the maternal charms were overshadowed by the call of Ariel from the TV, and they went back to the den.
The food was laid out on the coffee table and we ate from the containers. Months ago she had bought some Chinese lychee wine, and we broke it out. It was very sweet, like a dessert wine, but it went well with the food.
We ate in silence, with unspoken gestures of affection: quick touches, hand holding, and the like. There was a short break as the girls were put to bed.
As we neared the end of the meal, she said, "You may wish to clean this stuff up quick, because afterwards I plan to give you a blow job to remember."
I jumped to my duties posthaste. When I returned, I was naked. So was she, and she pointed to the big leather chair. I sat, and she said, "I've got plans for that thing that don't include premature ejaculation, so let's get the first one out of the way."
I was tempted to protest her characterization of me as a premature ejaculator, but for tonight, this first time, I knew she was right. Especially looking at her tan lines.
Where she had been imprinted with a very white image of her one piece swim suit when she left, she was now a pale tan. No suit lines other than the ones that had begun disappearing. My wife tanning nude. No way.
But I didn't really ponder it. Instead, wondering who had taken the hotel picture made my cock pop up in record time.
She didn't say anything more, just engulfed me in her warm, soft mouth. Usually, on the relatively rare occasions she gives me head, she bobs up and down enthusiastically, holding the base of my cock, both to jack me as she pushes her mouth down, and to limit the depth of penetration.
This time she crossed her hands behind her back, and moved slowly up and down, taking me deeper than she ever had. After a couple of these exquisite moves, during which she swirled her tongue around my cock, I couldn't sit still. My hips bucked, and I went too deep. I thought she would back off then, but she just gagged once, and went back to it. I tried not to jam her, but when I couldn't stop the flex, she just rode with it, still keeping her wrists pinned together behind her back.
The sudden question, and likely answer, of who taught her to do this, got me very excited. My mind flashed to the picture of her hands in the cuffs, caused me to ejaculate without warning to either of us.
I usually try to give her warning, because I know she doesn't like come in her mouth. She usually flattens her tongue, letting me come against it, with the ejaculate sliding down without entering her mouth.
There was no warning here. I exploded in her mouth. Only when my paroxysms were over did I realize that she had accepted all my come in her mouth, and to judge by the lack of spillover, had swallowed it. Who was this woman? And what had they done with my wife?
"Come to bed, my sweet baby, and I will tell you a story while you massage my aching feet."
As we got to the bedroom, she stopped, and took a step away. She looked down and said in a tiny voice, "If I was naughty on my trip, will you still want me? If I was much worse than you were in your story, will you still love me?"
I couldn't tell if she was just jerking my chain, or if she was really worried. I wasn't sure what "much worse" was going to mean. But I decided to treat the questions seriously.
I said, "Short of malicious and purposeful attempts to hurt me, nothing you could have done would diminish my love for you. I admit that I never expected it to happen, but if you did have some intimate fun, it was because you owed it to me, because I required you to reciprocate one day, when I agreed to bring you a story. And remember, since we couldn't have a specific target on this trip, I gave you permission for anyone you wanted. I love you, and I won't go back on my word. Always remember that.
She looked up at me, not with some meek or worried expression, but with a wicked smile. She said, "No, Big Boy, *you* better remember that when I tell you my story."
We walked arm in arm to our bedroom. She lay on her back, with her feet over the edge of the bed. I pulled up a chair, and I began her massage.
My Wife Tells Her Story:
The trip was an unmitigated disaster at the beginning. They had oversold the flight to St. Thomas, and they bumped Thea to a flight, six hours later, on a different airline.
The guy they put into Thea's seat was obese and obviously believed in the healing powers of garlic. The only saving grace was that the frequent coughs and choking sounds he made prevented him from talking to me.
On the ferry to Tortola, some hygiene challenged guy kept trying to chat me up. For some reason, the wind was swirling, delivering exhaust fumes to supplement the B.O.
Then, when I finally got there and checked in at the hotel, I called the charter outfit, only to learn that my cruise had been cancelled. They asked me to come down to their offices to discuss alternatives.
It turned out that a couple of hours before, some guy who thought he was a hot sailor because his card was from the New York Yacht Club had misjudged the inertia, and the lack of power, in the 50 foot sailboat he had chartered. He had rammed the rudder of the boat I was scheduled for, tearing out one of the supports. It would require a couple of days in the yard, with sea trials and government inspection afterwards, before it could be returned to service for carrying passengers.
They didn't have any crewed vessels available, nor did the other two charterers in town have any open spaces on their crewed boats. We were offered a bareboat charter, but as you know, I can crew, but I wouldn't do as a captain. And you weren't there, dammit.
Thea's idea of sailing was Isaac making drinks for her at the pool bar, to be delivered to her sun bed by Capt. Stubing. She wouldn't even have been good as crew.
In the alternative, they offered to put us up free in the resort hotel for the first three days, and then give us four days of cruising when their boat went back into commission. I accepted that offer.
Miles interrupted. "You didn't tell me any of that when you phoned."
Well, what would you have done? Come down and sued em? You had enough to worry about with your merger, and their offer was okay. You like sailing more than I do, and a couple of days in a luxury hotel was not hard to take. Ya' wanna hear the story or not?
The first day, I lounged in the sun at the pool, drinking sweet tropical cocktails with little umbrellas in them. Thea arrived about six, and we had a wonderful dinner. We were both beat, so we turned on a movie in the room, and we both fell asleep before it was over.
The next afternoon, the charter company called to tell us that the damage to our boat was more extensive than initially thought, and they offered to refund our money, or to keep us in the hotel for the rest of the week. We asked them to let us give them an answer in the morning, and they agreed.
We had spent the day at the pool, being subtly and very, very politely hit on by six fit guys who were there together. We flirted, and found out that they were military, in the same unit, taking a few days to decompress from a recent deployment.
We told them our sad story, and they told us that they would begin a four day bareboat charter the next day. I was a little disappointed. I could get to like being ogled by six studs, and I enjoyed flirting.
Surprisingly, there was very little haring off after other women. They seemed to like me and Thea, and I did overhear a couple of the younger ones mention the word milf. Not that I know what that means, of course.
They invited us to dinner and to party with them that night, and we gladly accepted. They were quite the gentlemen, and we had a great time. But by the time they were rolling up the dance floor, those rum punches were sneaking up on both Thea and I. We both found ourselves plastered to our dance partners with only desultory attempts to corral wandering hands.
We somehow ended up in our suite, talking and drinking, when one of their phones went off. It seemed like it took and extraordinary number of key punches to take the call, the one who wore a dark blue watch cap, or rapper thing, or whatever it was, everywhere, listened for a while, said "Aye, aye, Sir," and hung up.
He pulled the oldest one aside, near me, and I overheard a few words to the effect that Mac and Solomon needed to return to the stockade tomorrow. I wondered then whether these guys were prisoners on furlough or something, and whether we should be worried about them. But they were all so nice, and I was a little drunk, so I shrugged it off.
Again, Miles interrupted, "Those guys were probably SEALS."
Yeah, well, you should know.
The next day, when I could think straight, I sort of remembered that one of the characters in a W.E.B. Griffin book was assigned to Delta Force and that they hung out some place called the stockade. But I wasn't sure. The book made it sound like Delta Force was all Army, but a Navy wife knows "aye, aye" is Navy terminology.
I figured all that button pushing on the call probably had something to do with encryption. In any event, all those guys became more attractive, knowing that they were special forces types. Maybe coming back from having killed people. I know that sounds crass, but it added a frisson of danger that got me going.
But you and I were both wrong. They were supporting cast members for some upcoming movie. When I was checking out to come home, I heard one of the front desk clerks telling her girlfriend about how one of them offered to get her an autographed picture of George Clooney, who was to be the star.
I inserted myself into the conversation, sounding skeptical, and she allowed as how they were here to learn to sail for their part in the movie, and that older one had produced a commercial sailing masters license to rent the boat.
I said that they had said they were special forces, and that I had never seen actors with hair so short. She just laughed and said she thought they used the military story to get girls. Well, maybe. They got me.
But who knows. The movie thing makes an attractive cover story to attract starlet wannabes, if they actually were, whatcha' ma call em, operators. I don't know why they would need any cover story though.
Now shut up and let me continue. And you can move the massage up to my calves.
Anyway, when the other guys heard the news, one of them said, "Hey, Skipper, we've just had two berths freed up, and we have two stranded damsels who came here to sail..."
"Quite so, Jonesy." With a sweeping bow to us, he said, "Arrrgh, me beauties, dast ye leave the surly coils of dirt and earth to sail the Seven Seas with me and me and me bloodthirsty band of cutthroats?"
Laughing much to loud, and hardly slurring my words at all, I asked if they were serious.
Indeed they were. And raucously persuasive. Only Mac and Solomon advised us against it, their argument seeming to be that without them to protect us, our virtue would be in peril.
I was not in a highly analytical state just then and impulsively agreed to go. I'm sure the combination of alcohol and your pointed emphasis on giving me "permission" had nothing to do with it.
Thea looked surprised but jumped in to concur.
I did point to my ring and told them not to get their hopes up, but I really wasn't worried. I knew I wouldn't be raped by this crew, although I was sure they wouldn't pass up any opening I gave them... so to speak.
The Skipper, his name was Quint, quieted everyone down, and then turned to us with a serious expression.
"You know," he said, "We will be living in close quarters for four days. If you ladies are shy, you might wish to reconsider. I'd be surprised if y'all weren't accidentally exposed at sometime during the cruise."
Thea piped up, "Oh, we're not shy." I wasn't so sure, but I kept quiet.
Quint then said, "Arrrgh. Best we be certain o'that afore we cast off. Be ye ladies agreeable to a tankard of rum and a bout of poker? That be Strip poker, if ye darst."
I laughed at this transparent attempt to get something going. I thought about my story, and decided to raise the stakes. "You're on, Big Boy, but only with the following stipulation: game ends with the first person nude, and we take a picture of everyone in the state of dress they are in at the end of the game. With my camera. But I will email everyone who wants copies."
I could see a look of hesitation on the faces of the guys. Quint said, "You and Thea must swear, on your sacred honor, that you will not show the pictures to anyone else. Military policy is that no pictures of members of our unit are to be published. It's a matter of the safety of our families and ourselves."
I said that I was not sure how much sacred honor two married women, about to play strip poker with strangers, had, but I agreed, except that I reserved the right to show my husband. And then laughing, I reserved the right to plaster them all over the internet.
Thea said, "What she said."
The guys huddled, and then said, "OK, if you agree that any plastering will include pictures of you and Thea after we beat the pants off of you."
I said, "Deal."
Quint said, "Deal."
I took his statement to be a verb, and we found some cards.
To make a long story short, I won. We were playing five card draw, using chips that were supplied with the room. We each started with forty chips, and four items of clothing at 10 chips per item. After several hands, I was the chip leader. I figured now was the time to close it out. I checked in the first round of betting, and when someone made a bet after my turn, I called. I then drew four cards. When it was my turn again, I went all in. Solomon folded, but all the others called. Given how much I'd had to drink, and drawing four, I'd have called me too. When I turned over my Jack high straight flush, five of the others suddenly had to get naked. Solomon kept his jockeys, having folded at the right time, with nine chips in his possession, but as chip leader, and all in, everyone else lost it all on the same hand.
Lucky me, don't you think. Well, I guess you don't think. You know me too well. Yeah, I cheated.
On my first deal, I "drunkenly" dropped the cards on the floor. I managed to get four cards of the straight flush under my butt as I "clumsily" picked them up and shuffled. All I needed was to get the card at either end of the straight in my hand, or, if necessary, do the drop the deck thing again. I got the card I needed on the fifth hand after that, and put only four cards in the discard pile when I folded that hand. The trash I drew on the last hand got swapped for the purloined pasteboards. It wasn't too hard pull the cards from under me as I gathered up the deck to put it away. I wasn't caught.
I looked at my fellow players and said, "Let's see who's shy. Get naked people."
Soon I was facing three erections, one half-hard, and Quint's softie. And one set of naked breasts above a bare slit. After some discussion, it was decided that the pictures would be taken aboard the boat, except for Mac and Solomon. I would do theirs in the hotel in the morning, to get good light.
Luckily for me, the guys set the our departure for midday, so I did not have to get up until midmorning, when Mac's knocking awakened me. I pulled the covers back and found that I was nude. I didn't remember undressing. I threw on a robe, and opened the door. Mac had on shorts and a tee shirt.
He blushed and said, "I'm here to pay up."
I got my cell phone and then stood him in front of the couch. He pulled off his shirt and shorts. He was commando, so to speak. He was soft. I told him I wanted him hard for me. He shrugged helplessly and blushed. I dropped my robe, and knelt before him. Two yanks with my hand, and he was hard as a rock. His penis was smallish, perhaps average, but it had a cute little upward curve.
I wondered if it would catch my G-spot if I let him have me.
I stood back and took the picture. He pulled his shirt over his head, and pulled up his shorts. The bulge his cock made was obscene. He couldn't go out that way. I knelt before him again, looked up and said, On your sacred honor, our little secret?
He said, "Yes, Ma'am."
I gave him a hand job. He didn't take long to come. He left.
Almost as soon as he left, Solomon knocked. I posed him in his white jockeys before a dark tapestry, for a nice contrast. He needed no help getting it up. It looked to be a pretty good size, through his underwear. I took the pic, and heard Thea giggle behind me.
She said, "If you let me see it, I'll help you out with that thing."
Sollie dropped his Calvin Kleins to bare a beefy erection. Thea, naked, knelt before him, and recited my little on-your-honor formula, verbatim. She had obviously been watching earlier. She began to stroke his erection.
Sollie looked at me and said, "Please?"
I dropped my robe again and cupped my breasts. He jerked his eyes back and forth from me to Thea, as if he couldn't decide where to look, then he came. Funny, he never blushed, but I did.
By noon, Thea and I had packed, eaten, and put on shorts and shirts over our swim suits. I called the charter company and told them to refund five days and we'd call it even. We boarded the boat, an older one with classic lines, and stowed our gear.
I helped with the line handling, while Thea tried to stay out of peoples way in the cockpit. We had a favorable breeze, and soon the old girl had a bone in her teeth. And don't say it. With a straight line like that, there's no need.
The first day's sail was only a few hours to a sheltered cove with a beautiful beach. After we anchored, the guys launched the zodiac, and rigged a boarding ladder from the boom.
We were ferried to the beach, and sunned, snorkeled, and drank until sunset. That's where I got the picture of Mike's cock poking through the sand. Artistic, wasn't it.
When we got back to the boarding ladder, we all jumped in that clear blue water just before climbing aboard. We used a small amout of our fresh water to rinse. That miserly rationing of fresh water is the only thing I really hate about cruising.
After dinner, which the guys prepared, we were all sitting in the cockpit, or on the deck forward of it, when Quint said to me, "We feel a little cheated, because you've seen us naked, but we haven't seen you. How about a little double or nothing?"
I giggled and said I didn't see how they could be doubly naked, but Quint said we would draw cards, and if he won, I had to get naked, but if I won, they would stay naked for twenty four hours, and treat me like a queen, doing my bidding.
I won again. Without cheating, this time.
I told them all that I would collect my winnings in my cabin, and to come down and present themselves naked in five minutes.
The guys had given us the owner's cabin. It was almost completely filled with a custom bed, about king sized, with a minute table and a tiny head off to one side. I stripped naked and lay back with my legs spread.
I don't know exactly when I decided I was going to give you a real story, never really considering it consciously, but when I settled back against the pillow, I knew that was just what I was going to do.
In a few minutes, they all squeezed in, naked. I could tell they were surprised to see me. Quint and Jonesy were not erect. I pointed at Thea, and in a command voice, said, "It's insulting to your Queen that I am lying here naked, and my male subjects are not erect. I appoint you my fluffer. Get them up."
Thea looked confused for a moment. I'm not sure she knew what a fluffer was. But she figured out the general idea quickly, and bent over to suck on Quint. By that time, Jonesy didn't need any help.
I was thinking about you when next I spoke. Honestly. Wondering if you would think I was going too far. But what the hell, I had permission for "anyone."
I said, "You promised to do my bidding. My bidding is: one at a time, no anal, and no pain. How bout you, Thea."
Thea popped Quint's erection out of her mouth. "What she said." Then went back to fluffing.
After a moment of shock, Ron climbed between my knees and was my first. He even took off his watch cap for me. He ate me for a while to get me well lubricated, then lined up with my vagina. It was almost painful until I adjusted, then the sheer naughtiness took me over.
For the rest of the night, with a few breaks for rest, all four of them took me, and Thea, some of them twice. My God, they all felt big. And thick. Even with several loads of come inside me, I still needed lube to keep from getting sore.
Miles had to ask, "Condoms?"
Condoms? Condoms? We doan need no stinkin' condoms. Hell, no. Bareback. You know how they test those guys. I knew I was safe. Now shut up.
We were nude for more than the twenty-four hours. We were nude for the rest of the cruise, except when we put into a port to shop or resupply.
They guys would back off if we said no, but mostly they just took us whenever they wanted. Once they used duct tape to bind my hands to the deck while we sailed, and then all four of them fucked me. When Thea came up to see what the commotion was, they taped her to the other side of the deck and took her too.
And I'm afraid I didn't stick to my one-at-a-time policy. The first time, I was being fucked doggie style on the bed, facing the door, and one of the others came in.
The one fucking me said, "Spit roast her." The second guy grabbed my hair, and pushed his cock into my mouth. It was very erotic, very wicked to have two guys in me. With the intense sensation in my pussy, I was caught by surprise when the cockin my mouth started spurting, too deep to push out.
I had to swallow to survive, but it wasn't but so bad. I swallowed several other loads on that cruise. And you can expect me to swallow you from now on. But not now. I'll finish the story in the morning. Now get that thing up here and fuck the shit out of me before I have to fall asleep.
She scooted up the bed and spread her legs.
Miles continues:
Being a good husband, I tried my best, wondering nevertheless if she was wishing for those big cocks in the pictures. She appeared to come, and was quickly asleep.
It took me longer to get to sleep. I wasn't sure the story was true. My conservative wife in a gangbang?
With Thea, who, as far as I knew, was not in an unhappy or open marriage?
Describing it with liberal use of "cock," "loads,"and "pussy?" She didn't normally use those words even in bed.
But then where did the pictures come from? If she was really hanging around with six erect hunks, maybe she really could let go, like in her story.
I laughed at myself when I realized that I almost wished the gangbang story were true if it meant that she had not become emotionally involved with Quint, the way I feared when I got his picture.
I awoke to my stiff cock in her mouth. True to her word, she took all my come and swallowed. Then she looked up at me and said "I love you, Big Boy. Help me get the girls ready for the school bus." I put on shorts and a shirt, and tried to help.
When the girls had gone, she said, "Come wash my back."
After seeing to some bodily needs, I joined her in the shower. We hugged and kissed and washed. I was hard, and finally pushed her over, braced against the wall, and took her from behind.
"You know, I did this with Quint," she said dreamily. "In the hotel, the last night."
My head was troubled, but her admission made my cock even harder.
"Thea spent the night with the other three in their room. They made her watertight, she said."
My cock lurched as I visualized Thea naked, taking three hard cocks at the same time.
"Quint wanted me alone. He seemed determined to make me come as many times as he could. He ate me, he fucked me, he ate me again. When I tried to push him away, he pulled out some handcuffs, and looped his belt between them and the headboard. With my arms immobilized above my head, he ate me some more. I came and came. I finally had to beg him to stop. He woke me in the morning with what seemed like an hour of foreplay, and then slowly pushed his cock into me, and fucked me again. I came like gangbusters when he slid his lubed finger into my ass."
She was sliding herself back and forth on me as she spoke.
"I think he wanted to fuck my ass, but he was too big."
I was amazed. She was not repulsed or grossed out with the thought of anal with him, just worried about his size. Who was this woman?
"Finally, he had to get ready to leave, and so did I. He pulled me out of bed and into the shower. I told him I had to pee. He made me do it standing in the shower. Then he turned me just like you did. And fucked me just like you are doing now."
With that she came. Her vagina convulsed and squeezed me in successive contractions. The thought of that huge cock in her, and the thought that she was probably thinking about him while we fucked, set me off. I came, pushing myself as deep into her as I could.
As we dressed, she sensed I was troubled. She probed and questioned, but I couldn't admit what was troubling me, especially after my telling her nothing she could have done would affect us. When she finally started to cry and ask forgiveness, I asked her, "Can you be satisfied with me now. Are you in love with Quint?" Or with his cock? I thought.
She started to laugh, then thought better of it. She said in a serious voice, "You needn't worry. You wanted a story, you got one. I made most of it up. You didn't really think I'd let four guys take me bareback, did you?" Then she did grin devilishly. "I got you, didn't I."
I didn't expect that! "You bitch," I shouted. I grabbed her wrist and dragged her to the bed. I threw her across my knees and spanked her. Gently. With caresses between slaps. When her butt cheeks were pink, I reached over to the night stand next to the bed, and grabbed some lotion. I rubbed it on her butt, and then poured some down her crack. I pushed two fingers into her pussy, and rubbed her anus with my thumb. She jerked up, but I used my other hand to hold her down. I pushed my fingers in and out, and I rubbed her clit, as my thumb pressed down on her pucker. She began to whimper. My thumb popped in. She stiffened, she let out an inarticulate exclamation, then she forced herself to relax.
After a while, I pulled my fingers out and threw her face down on the bed. I slid my cock against her anus, and she stiffened again. I pulled back quickly, and then pushed forward, into her pussy. I slid my lubed forefinger into her ass, and she came. I wasn't going to come. In fact, I was lucky to still be hard, so I pulled out both penis and finger when her orgasm tapered off. I don't know what it proved, but for some reason I felt better. The worries her story and pictures had caused seemed to recede.
She looked back over her shoulder at me. "Why did you stop? I'd have let you."
"Next time, maybe. Or maybe the time after that. You can bet it's coming sometime."
"Please tell me you still love me."
"With all my heart."
Epilogue
Being a lawyer, I noticed the weasel words in her disclaimer. "Made most of it up." "Wouldn't let four guys take me bareback." That left a lot of room for naughtiness. So ever since she returned for story time, I have bugged her for the real story. She's given in and confessed the truth. Several times. All different.
Sometimes she spent the whole vacation with Quint, who is usually real now. Sometimes it was mostly Quint, with a sinful quickie of opportunity with one or more of the others. Once it was Quint handcuffing and tying both my wife and Thea, forcing them to pleasure each other as he took his pleasure with them.
I especially liked the one where she woke up in bed with Quint and Jonesy after the poker night, naked and still a little drunk, unable to remember the night before. Cleaning herself up in the bathroom, hearing passionate noises from Thea's room in the suite, and then saying, "What the hell. Might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb." And grabbing a sleeping man's soft cock in each hand when she climbed back into the bed.
The pictures all came from the internet. Except when they were taken by her. The picture of Thea was photoshopped, to put her head on another's body, although my wife hasn't come up with a credible story of how she did that with no access to a computer with that very expensive program on it. I think the picture of Thea is real.
I wonder if her husband has seen the one of my wife. I know that one is real, and I didn't believe her for a minute when she said she did it with the timer.
One time the whole thing was just a story, and she spent the time on the very cruise she was scheduled for, flirting with and flashing the crew and fellow passengers, but nothing more than that.
I could probably check on that one, but I won't. It sounds like the real one, and I would be disappointed if I confirmed it. Wondering if she really did anything is much more arousing.
Besides, the only time the "it was only a dream" cliche was done in any way other than boring was at the end of Bob Newhart's second TV series.
I suppose it's only fair. I have never let her know what version of my story is true. And heaven knows it gets my competitive urges going and hips churning when she closes her eyes and murmurs "Oh, Quint" as we make love.
She's the devil, that one, and I love her for it.