ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER. -------------------------------------------------------
The ladies were bubbling with excitement as we arrived at the mall.
"I assume you're going to take a while," I said, "do you wanna just call me to come get you when you're done?"
"You're not coming in with us?" Jenna looked both surprised and disappointed.
"I figured you ladies would rather not have me tagging along while you shopped."
Trish piped up from the back seat. "I don't mind, as long as you won't mope around utterly bored while we try on clothes."
Jenna looked at me hopefully. I sighed. "Okay, I guess you talked me into it. I can always wander off somewhere if it gets too tedious I suppose."
They hit the dress shop first. I could see why Trish was in a hurry to get there. They had a half price clearance sale on what looked like some very nice clothes, and the place was packed with women of all ages, hunting for that perfect outfit.
There was only one other man in the shop, standing beside his rather frumpy wife as she flipped through the plus sized rack with an absolutely miserable look about him. I saw him glance my way as my two slender, sexy young companions pulled me along past him, and I couldn't tell if he envied me, hated me, or both.
Jenna and Trish kept dragging me with them from rack to rack, holding up various dresses, blouses and skirts to seek my opinion.
"I'd be more helpful if I knew what you wanted them for; special occasions? Casual wear? School?"
Trish looked surprised. "Didn't she tell you? We're going to an end of the year party next weekend, before we all go home for the summer."
Jenna looked flustered. "I meant to tell you, just...I was waiting for the right moment."
I hadn't thought about the fact that Jenna would go home when her classes ended. From what she'd told me, her mother's place wasn't that far away, only a few hours by car, but still, it would make seeing her on any regular basis very difficult.
I supposed we'd have to discuss this more later, but now certainly wasn't the time, and I didn't want to put a damper on their fun. "Hey, it's okay, we'll figure that out. Well, now that I know you're looking for a party dress, I really like that one..." I pointed to a slinky red dress, "...and that one," indicating an elegant looking black dress.
Jenna held them both up to her, one at a time. "I'm gonna go try them on," she said.
She turned towards the dressing room, paused, then grabbed three more outfits she'd been looking at. "And these, too."
Trish came over to me as Jenna left. "Sorry, I thought she'd have said something by now."
"Don't worry about it," I shrugged. "We'll just have to deal with it."
"By the way, in case she didn't tell you this either, her birthday is coming up in a few weeks; June 24th. Michelle and I are gonna celebrate it with her a little early with a Girls Night after the party. Thought you might want to know in case you wanted to get her something."
"Thanks for the heads up," I said gratefully.
I helped Trish decide on a few outfits for herself, then she went off to join Jenna in the dressing rooms.
I was left alone with my thoughts for the moment. Jenna wouldn't be gone that long; two, perhaps two and a half months. We'd just have to plan ahead if we wanted to get together. I wouldn't mind the long drive, but worried what her mother would think if I showed up to visit, and where we could stay, since I was pretty sure mom wouldn't approve of me sleeping over.
My musings were interrupted when the ladies reappeared from the dressing rooms and waved me over.
Jenna looked absolutely stunning in the red dress, with spaghetti shoulder straps, a swooping V-Neck that accented her cleavage, and a hemline that ended mid-thigh. Jenna spun, revealing an even deeper V-back, ending at her waistline. There was no bra strap, but Jenna's breasts were so perky and firm she didn't need one, especially in that dress, which formed around them quite naturally.
"It's a Bodycon dress," she explained, "shows off the curves without squeezing everything together. It's so sexy, but comfortable too! What do you think?"
My heart fluttered, looking at her. It was a dress that could make a man fall in love and lust at the same time. "Gorgeous," I said, "very sexy indeed."
"Hey, what about me?" Trish asked wryly. "I know, I wasn't the one who gave you a helping hand this morning, but if you could tear your eyes off her for a second, I could use an opinion too."
I chuckled and turned to admire her outfit. She wore a navy blue skater dress, with panels of sheer lace accenting the waist and hem. The high halter neck didn't reveal any cleavage, but the swooping, lace trimmed sides showed plenty of side boob. The skirt was a bit more loose and flowing than Jenna's, but about the same length.
"It's beautiful, Trish, looks really cute on you," I offered.
Trish looked disappointed. "Just 'cute?'"
Jenna gave me a playful nudge. "Okay, yeah, totally hot and sexy," I corrected myself. "You're gonna knock the guys dead at the party."
That brought a smile back to Trish's face. "Thanks, Big Guy," she winked, then went back to the changing room.
I turned to Jenna. "Big Guy?"
Jenna shrugged. "I think she likes you. Or at least, your..." she dropped her eyes to my crotch with a wink. Before I could formulate a response, she turned and scampered back to the changing room.
I had to refocus my thoughts quickly. I hadn't even slept with Jenna yet...well, okay, technically we SLEPT together, just last night. But we hadn't actually had sex, although Jenna had certainly hinted that she may be interested very soon. What I didn't want tangling up my brain were thoughts of a threesome with her and Trish. Both of them liked to tease, but that didn't mean anything in that regard.
Thankfully I didn't have time to dwell on my sordid fantasies for too long, as the ladies soon returned, wearing new outfits.
I won't bother describing all the rest of the stuff they tried on, and trust me, they tried on quite a bit. The last dress I'll discuss with some detail is the black one Jenna had picked out.
It was form fitting yet elegant, and much more modest than the red dress, with a fully covered back and shoulders, and high mock neck front. The highlights were the long, delicate lace sleeves.
"I absolutely love this dress," Jenna was gushing, "but I think it would be too warm for the party. What do you think?"
"It's a beautiful dress," I said, "but I think it's something you'd wear at a more formal event, like a wedding, or dinner at a fancy restaurant. The red one is the Party Dress, for sure."
Jenna nodded in agreement. "You're right. Still, this is so lovely."
"Why not get both?" I suggested.
Jenna pouted. "I'm on a budget and need some other things too. Can't afford both, even with this sale."
"Well then, not a problem. Let me get it for you as a birthday present. "
Jenna shot a glare at Trish. "You told him?"
"Why wouldn't I?" shrugged Trish.
Jenna sighed, then turned back to me. "I guess I should have told you. I just...didn't want you to feel obligated to get me something, ya know?"
"I don't feel 'obligated,' I just want to," I affirmed.
Jenna considered that for a moment, then smiled brightly and gave me a warm hug. "Okay then, thank you. I don't know where I'll wear this black one yet, but I can't wait to! I love it so much!" -------------------------------------------------------
The next stop was the shoe store, and I promise, I won't get into just how many pairs of shoes they tried on, or we'd be here all day.
After about thirty minutes, I decided I needed an excuse to break away for a bit.
"Hey ladies, I'm gonna take these bags back to the car now so I don't have to carry them around, then I'm gonna find a restroom. I'll meet you back here shortly."
The girls both nodded and went right back to their Quest For The Perfect Footwear.
I didn't really need to use the restroom, but I did want to make a pit stop at the drugstore. The clerk there gave me a pretty funny look as I attempted to pay for two boxes of condoms while juggling several bags of ladies clothing.
I passed the food court on my way back, and my stomach started to growl. Hopefully the girls would eventually want to break from their shopping spree long enough to eat.
They did indeed. Apparently, clothes shopping really works up an appetite.
We wandered the mall a bit aimlessly after we ate, the ladies window shopping for the time being, while I carried the bags of shoes they'd purchased.
I was just about to suggest taking them back to the car as well when we found ourselves in front of the lingerie store, a "Clearance Sale" sign featured prominently in the window.
The girls looked at each other, then me. Without a word, they bolted into the store.
They were already going through the racks and displays by the time I caught up to them.
They went through the same process as before; gathering up several items at once, holding them up to themselves or each other, putting some away, hanging on to others. My opinion was solicited often, forcing me to envision what they both might look like in the often very revealing bras, panties, cami's, etc.
This store wasn't as busy as the last two, Jenna and Trish currently the only customers. The sales clerk, a woman I'd guess to be in her mid to late thirties, approached us. "Can I help you ladies find anything?"
"We're having a Girls Night pajama party," Trish responded. "We're looking for something cute and sexy, but also comfy."
The clerk led them to a rack and they wound up choosing several items from it, eventually narrowing their choices down to one item each before heading to the dressing rooms to try them on.
I found a bench near the register counter and plunked myself down on it, resting my weary feet.
The clerk came back to the register and was shuffling through some paperwork for several minutes before she finally spoke. "Must be a little weird for you, taking your daughters lingerie shopping."
Jenna saved me from having to respond. "Hey, we're ready! Come take a look!"
The clerk's eyebrows shot up in surprise.
I stood, grinned at her, and shrugged. "Teenagers. What can ya do?"
I'd have loved to have seen her reaction, but my back was already to her as I sauntered towards the dressing area.
Jenna and Trish were both in the pajama outfits they'd picked. Jenna looked absolutely adorable in her white, one piece romper, covered in little pink hearts and the words "Yes, Daddy?" printed all over it. The button down V-Neck was open, showing off her freckled cleavage. The romper hugged every curve, including the ones between her thighs. I tried not to stare at her well outlined kitty too long.
Trish had chosen a lacy, purple cami and shorts set, exposing both side boob and cleavage this time. Her large nipples were prominent under the silky fabric. The bottoms were short, ending only an inch or so down her thighs. The form fitting shorts defined her cleft to the point that I could clearly identify her clitoral hood jutting out prominently beneath them. From the back, the rounded cheeks of her plump bottom poked their way out from the ruffled leggings.
"So what do ya think?" they asked, almost in unison.
"I think...I'm a very lucky man." They both giggled.
"My only problem is, I'm worried about whether this cami top will keep the 'girls' contained if I move around too much," said Trish, who immediately proceeded to bend over at the waist. Her breasts hung low enough that I could almost see her areolas. Unfortunately, the top somehow managed to keep them from escaping its confines completely.
I looked up from the show Trish was putting on to find Jenna grinning wickedly. She inclined her head back towards Trish as if to say, "Go on, enjoy the view."
So I did, just in time to catch Trish spin around, and now her ass was on display as she kept bending over and twisting her hips. "I'm trying to see if these shorts will ride up my butt or not."
Trish bent yet again, this time touching her toes. The shorts did indeed ride up, enough that I could see the pink edges of her vulva peeking out ever so slightly.
"I see London, I see France, but Trish, you got no underpants!" Jenna sang out with a silly laugh. "You may as well have just mooned him with that move!"
Trish stood up, met my eye, not looking the least bit embarrassed or ashamed. She glanced over at Jenna, seeking approval, then, looking back at me, slowly slid the shorts down, stopping where her ass cheeks met at the bottom. She gave a quick wiggle, then pulled them back up, laughing.
"Ahem." The sales clerk was standing behind us. She was not amused.
She addressed me first. "I'm going to have to ask you to leave the dressing room area. We usually don't let men back here, but I allowed it because the store was empty. But I have other women coming in now who may want to try some things on, and I can't have you back here."
"Of course," I said agreeably. To the ladies I said, "I'm gonna go wander around a bit."
"No problem," said Jenna, still trying to stifle her giggles. "We wanna try on a few more things first. I'll call you when we're done."
The clerk gave me a disapproving glare as I made my exit. "And you, young lady," I could hear her now addressing Trish, "I don't mind you trying on outfits, but please, try to keep them ON, or I'll have to ask you to leave."
"Of course, I'm sorry," I heard Trish reply. Then I was out of earshot. -------------------------------------------------------
The girls were a bundle of excitement as we drove back, discussing the upcoming party and their plans afterwards.
"There's an all ages club just off campus; they serve alcohol but card every time," Trish explained. "We're gonna meet at Jenna's place, have some drinks, maybe smoke a little, then take an Uber to the club. After that we're having a sleepover. Michelle will be there, I think a few others might drop by as well."
"Sounds like a fun night," I said. I was about to discuss being safe but didn't want it to sound like a lecture from their dad. They were smart young women, they could handle themselves.
We dropped Trish off at her place, and once again I received a very warm hug from her. "Thanks again, Big Guy. Getting all this stuff home on the bus would've been a real bitch."
Back in the car, I asked Jenna, "You okay with this 'Big Guy' thing? It's a little...weird."
Jenna shrugged. "I think she just likes winding you up."
"And yet you haven't gone out of your way to discourage her," I pointed out.
Jenna smiled smugly. "Nope. I haven't. But if it bothers you, I can say something to her."
I laughed. "Nah, it's okay. I really just wanted to check in with you, make sure you were cool with it...and with the show she put on in the lingerie shop."
Jenna took my hand. "I appreciate you asking. I'm totally okay with everything. If I'm not, I promise to let you know, okay?"
"Fair enough," I said, gripping her hand more firmly.
After a few moments of silence, Jenna spoke again. "You could come with us to the club next week, if you want."
I considered this for a few moments. "I appreciate the invite, but I think I'll pass. I want you to go have fun with your friends, spend time with them. You don't need me tagging along. Besides, I think I'd just feel out of place all night."
Jenna looked a little sad, but nodded. "I suppose you're right. But I didn't want you to think I didn't want you there, or that I'd be embarrassed to be seen with you."
"I know," I said. "But I'd probably be the oldest person there, and it'd just be awkward. But please, go, have fun, and don't worry about me."
We arrived back at Jenna's, and I was debating on what to do next when she saved me the trouble. "Michelle's boyfriend is still here. Can I stay at your place again tonight?"
The twinkle in her eyes gave me a hint at where things may be headed, so of course I agreed readily.
I helped Jenna carry her bags in, and Michelle introduced me to her boyfriend, Dave, while Jenna went to go pack her overnight case.
It wasn't as awkward as I'd expected; Michelle was still very warm and friendly, and Dave seemed like a nice enough guy.
"Hey, thanks for letting Jenna stay with you; had a pipe burst at my place, they're still fixing it," he explained. "It'll be nice to have the privacy. I mean, last thing you'd want is your girlfriend's roommate walking in and accidentally seeing your junk, right?"
Michelle, who was standing just behind him, had to cover her mouth to stifle her laugh. I struggled to keep a straight face as well when I replied, "Oh of course, that could get...ugly."
I met Michelle's eyes only a moment, but long enough to know that, despite her reaction that night of our first meeting, she'd certainly found the humor in it now.
Jenna saved me from this conversation getting any weirder, showing up with her suitcase in hand. "Ready to go?"
We said our goodbyes and made our way back to my place.
"Did...did you get a chance to pick up condoms?" Jenna asked, a few minutes into our trip.
I nodded and indicated the little bag on the floor in the backseat. "Yup, taken care of."
"Good," she said. "Sorry if I'm being a stickler about it. But I'm almost 20, and have plans for my future that don't involve getting pregnant at a young age. I've seen it happen to too many girls; one of my roommates that moved out early did so because she got pregnant."
"You don't have to apologize, I understand and agree completely. I'm a little too old to become a father now anyway," I chuckled.
"Hey, never say never," said Jenna. "I might want kids, some day. But certainly not right now. I've been on birth control since I started my period, because it helps regulate things, plus my mom insisted. But I'm not ready to take any chances that it doesn't work, or I forget and miss a day or something."
"Again, I get it," I said, "and have no problems with being...overly cautious."
Jenna smiled softly. "Thank you."
Her hand found my thigh as we drove, caressing it. She didn't make a move to go higher, which was probably for the best; I didn't want to get too distracted while driving. Still, she was certainly getting my blood flowing, whether she meant to or not.
We drove the rest of the way in a comfortable silence. -------------------------------------------------------
After a light dinner of grilled chicken and salad, we took to the couch to relax and digest. Our conversation turned to music, and we wound up listening to quite a few of our shared favorites on my surround sound system. We alternated between rockers and some ballads. Jenna showed me a few new bands she liked and I turned her on to a few classics she'd never heard.
We were listening to Angie by The Rolling Stones when Jenna became a little emotional. "My dad wanted to name me after this song," she told me wistfully, "but my mother refused. Jenna was his second choice, after his baby sister who'd died shortly after birth. My mom, cold hearted as she can be, couldn't deny him that one. I don't believe in reincarnation or any of that stuff, but it's nice to think at least a little part of her, and my dad, lives on in me." Her smile looked slightly sad.
I stroked her hair gently, her head resting on my leg as she sprawled comfortably across my couch. She began to sing softly. "Angie...Aaaangie...where will it lead us from here?" A single tear rolled down her cheek. I bent down and kissed it away.
Jenna sat up and found my lips. It was a slightly awkward position and the kiss didn't last long, Jenna finally plunking back down with a giggle. I felt a sudden flush as her breasts swayed under her loose fitting tee shirt.
Jenna noticed my look, and gave me a mischievous grin. "I'll be right back," she said, sitting up, "gonna go change into something more comfortable."
As she scampered off to my bedroom, I couldn't help but wonder what could possibly be more "comfortable" than the tee shirt and hip hugging ruffled shorts she was already wearing. But my mind was now racing with the possibilities.
After several long, almost torturous minutes, Jenna's voice called out from my bedroom. "Close your eyes, okay? No peeking."
I smiled to myself as my pulse quickened. "Okay, darlin'. Eyes closed. I promise."
I could hear the padding of her bare feet as she came into the living room. I kept my promise and didn't peek even as I felt her presence standing close in front of me. I could hear her nervous breathing.
"Okay," she said softly. "You can open them."
I opened my eyes to behold a work of absolute beauty.
The sheer, white lace babydoll nightie she wore was simple, elegant, innocent, and incredibly erotic. It flowed loosely from her unfettered breasts down past her hips, ending just below the matching thong panties.
The floral design pattern was still sheer enough to leave her lithe, toned body completely visible to me.
"Do you like it?" Jenna asked almost shyly. "I picked this one out at the store after you left."
"It's beautiful, Jenna. As are you."
Jenna blushed and smiled. Taking my phone, which we'd been using to stream songs to my sound system, she scrolled for a few moments while I wondered what she was up to now.
Then the unmistakable strains of Marvin Gaye's "Let's Get It On" began to play, and I knew tonight was about to become magical.
"A bit of an obvious choice I suppose," said Jenna, pulling me up off the couch, "but I figured I'm kinda done being coy."
She pressed her all but nude body to mine. "Dance with me, cowboy." My arms wrapped around her, pulling her closer, and we slowly moved and swayed together to one of the sexiest songs ever recorded.
My cock was already pressing up against her, hard and needy, but I felt no urgency to rush things. I held her gently, my hands exploring her body in loving caresses across her back, hips, and firm yet soft bottom. Her nightie felt smooth and silky under my touch.
Her hands traveled along my body as well, finding their way under my shirt and lifting it off me. Her hard, puffy nipples grazed my now bare chest as she leaned up on her toes to kiss me passionately.
She broke the kiss as the song faded, her eyes imploring me with desire. I took her by the hand and led her to my room.
We fell together on the bed playfully, Jenna giggling as I rolled her over onto her back then pounced above her, pinning her down. I didn't need to ask if she was sure, if she was ready. Her glowing emerald eyes told me everything I needed to know.
I kissed her lips softly, then trailed along her neck, feeling her chest heave as I caressed her breasts over her nightie, then under it. Her skin was warm and flushed, her nipples as hard as tiny pebbles. She squealed with delight as I tweaked them between my fingers.
I lifted her nightie so my lips could now find them as well, and as I sucked her tender nipples, her body began to rock beneath me. I could smell her arousal building between her legs, hot and musky in my nose.
I slid my knee up and positioned it between Jenna's thighs, and immediately she began to grind against my leg, her satin thong barely containing her heat, or her wetness.
Jenna's gasps of pleasure increased steadily as I nuzzled at her breasts, alternating between them with lips and tongue.
"Suck them, suck them harder," she panted as her grinding increased in tempo. "I think I'm gonna...oh, ffffff..."
Her back arched as I latched on to her nipple and sucked it deeply between my lips, lapping at it with my tongue. Jenna grabbed the back of my head, pushing it into her breast, and squealed with delight as the first of what would be many orgasms this night took her.
When she'd relaxed enough to release her grip on me, I found her lips and kissed her softly. "That was quick," I smiled.
"And unexpected," she said, panting. "It kinda snuck up on me."
"Well I hope you have a few more in you, darlin', because I'm not even close to finished," I grinned wickedly.
Her grin matched mine as my mouth meandered slowly down her body, working its way through her cleavage and over her taut stomach, lingering for a moment at her bellybutton. "Hey! That tickles," she giggled hysterically. Her laughter ceased as I trailed my lips lower, kissing and softly licking my way down to her panties.
"Oh, fuck yes," she groaned as my mouth reached her soft mound, coming to rest over her clit, still hidden away under the sheer white fabric. Her scent wafted from beneath it, and I inhaled deeply, then blew out, eliciting a soft moan from her as my warm breath gusted over her tiny thong.
I nuzzled at her cleft with my nose, pushing against her as I breathed her in. I moved towards the sides, gently tracing my tongue around the edges where her panties covered her vulva.
Suddenly Jenna grabbed my head, lifting it by the hair. "Don't tease me," she pleaded, "I'm too worked up for that. Just go for it."
I sat up long enough to pull her panties off, throwing them aside, then dived back down between her legs and proceeded to feast on her hot, soaking cunt.
Jenna's hips rocked against my face as it buried itself deep between her folds, my tongue parting her delicate labia to penetrate her, scooping out the globs of hot sticky cream leaking from within, then twirling its way up to her clitoral hood, digging under it to find her swollen nub and flick against it furiously.
Jenna again grabbed my head but now she was pushing it into her as I sucked her hard clit into my mouth, wrapping my lips around it in a tight seal. Her fine red pubic hairs tickled my nose as I sucked and flicked at her pulsing pink button.
Dear God, the taste of her! Salty and coppery, like a hot battery against my tongue. Yet her drippings were both tangy sweet, almost citrus flavored, like sucking on a warm lemon dipped in sugar. I couldn't get enough.
Her labia were tiny and delicate as they fluttered under my flickering tongue. I took them in my lips and stretched them out gently, then burrowed my tongue back into her tunnel to taste from her again before returning to her clit with a mix of cream and saliva to lubricate her tiny bean as I now focused on it exclusively, determined to make her explode.
Jenna bucked beneath me, gasping and squealing, guiding my movements with both her hands and her voice. "Yes, right there, suck it harder, oh fuck yes, just like that, faster, don't stop, don't fucking stop, I'm almost there, oh fuck yes, oh FFFFUCK...!"
Her hips launched from the bed like a rocket attempting lift-off; I had to grab hold of her to keep my mouth in position long enough to finish her off as her orgasm shook through her entire body. Her adorable squeals echoed throughout the room, and I had a moment to wonder if my neighbors upstairs could hear as she finally collapsed under me, shaking and panting heavily. Fuck the neighbors. Let them listen.
I pulled myself up beside Jenna and held her until her trembling subsided and she could compose herself enough to speak.
"Oh my God I came so hard," she gasped, grinning ear to ear. "I...I didn't think I would."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
Jenna's face twisted slightly. "I told you I've only been with a few other guys, right? Well, neither of them ever bothered to...do that. They usually just hopped on top and started pumping away."
"You mean that was the first time anyone gave you oral?" I asked incredulously.
She nodded. "Yup. So I wasn't really sure what to expect. I mean besides from what I'd seen in porn. But that was much more intense than I expected it to be. I was a little worried I might be too uptight, but I already knew how much you love my smell and taste, so I didn't even think about it really. Plus," she took my sticky face in hand, turning it towards her, "you were just so fucking good at it."
She kissed me deeply, then licked around my lips playfully, tasting herself on them.
I was still in a bit of shock as she broke the kiss and lay back again to relax. I was really the first guy to go down on her? The first one to enjoy her taste, to suck her clit, to make her cum with my lips and tongue???
What kind of fucking idiots had she dated???
Jenna broke this train of thought. "How are your pants still on?" she said with a laugh.
I hadn't even realized that I'd never fully undressed. Nor realized just how badly my cock now wanted to be free. I'd ignored it's urgent pleadings to focus on pleasing Jenna.
I undid the button, and Jenna helped me slide them off along with my boxers. My cock sprung free gratefully, bobbing it's thanks. Jenna giggled as it twitched back and forth.
"They're such strange things," she marveled in wonder, "like a little person with a mind of its own."
She took my bouncing member in her hand, halting it's movements. "Well, not THAT little," she said playfully.
Jenna lay down beside me, still holding my cock, her warm breath in my ear as she whispered, "I love your cock, Tommy. I think I have from the first time I saw it. I love how hard it gets for me when you look at me, I love how it pulses and throbs in my hand as I stroke it."
Jenna accentuated this last line by running her hand up and down my shaft slowly, gently. "I loved how it felt in my mouth last night when you came," she purred, nibbling at my earlobe.
Her face rose up above mine, looking down at me, her eyes soft and warm and loving. "And now I want to feel it inside me."
This was it. The moment I'd fantasized about since this beautiful young woman answered a bizarre ad from a desperate and lonely stranger willing to pay her just for the privilege of exposing himself to her.
And now she was in my bed, about to become my lover.
It took all the strength I had to move away from her long enough to get the condom from my nightstand.
I slipped it on as she watched intently. Jenna then removed the nightie, leaving her fully nude as well.
Jenna looked at me passively. "How would you like to start?"
I thought about her past experiences, about how her former lovers had given her little say or control, about how they had ignored her needs for their own selfish pleasure.
"Why don't you start on top?" I suggested. "I'd love to watch you bring yourself to orgasm riding me."
Jenna's face lit up at this suggestion. Her light, petite body slid on top of me as I lay back, guiding her hips as she straddled my lap.
My cock made contact with her warm, wet womanhood for the first time, unencumbered by anything but the thin latex of the condom as she glided across my shaft.
Jenna looked tentative; it was the first time I'd seen her unsure. Not of what we were doing, or about to do, but of her own actions, about how to proceed.
I reached up and took her cheek tenderly. "Take your time," I coaxed, "go at your own pace. I'm here with you, okay?"
She nodded appreciatively, then reached down to guide the head of my cock towards her slick opening. I could already feel the heat of her.
Her face became a mask of concentration as she eased herself on to me. She went slowly and I could feel everything; her delicate flower parting around my swollen glans, her tight hole resisting, then expanding to accept my girth, the warm grip of her honey slicked canal as she descended upon my length.
And then I was inside her.
"Fuck, that's deep," she moaned.
Her hands on my chest, Jenna began rocking her hips softly, not riding me yet so much as simply wriggling herself on my shaft, adjusting to the feeling of it inside her.
My hands held her hips, working with her movements. She looked down at me, biting her soft lip. "Am I doing okay?"
"Jenna, you feel amazing. But this part isn't about me. Find your pleasure, explore it. I want to watch you make yourself feel good, to make yourself cum. I'm here for you, darlin', and I'm in no rush. Just relax and enjoy yourself."
Jenna leaned in and kissed me, my hands finding her soft breasts. They stayed with them as she sat back up and renewed her movements. She alternated her speeds and rhythms as if testing things out. She found a circular swaying on my rod that she must have liked, because she was now moaning regularly, her eyes closed and mouth open, panting as her pleasure increased.
I felt her pussy clench as her first orgasm hit, her body trembling above me. She never paused as the waves ran through her, but instead began to now ride my pole. She started slowly, raising her hips until nothing but the tip remained inside, then slid back down, her eyes bulging as I filled her once again.
I'd never seen her more beautiful or happy.
Jenna continued her ride, each passage along my shaft leaving it more and more slick with her cream.
Tossing her head back, she raised her arms above her head, stretching her body out above me as if trying to fly.
My hands were again at her hips, controlling her movements only enough to keep her from sliding off my cock completely on her upthrusts.
Her body swayed above me like a willow in a breeze, breasts bouncing in time to her movements, and again I felt her pussy grip me tighter as her moans became high pitched squeals.
Her pace quickened still more, building to a crescendo as she rode at an almost frantic pace. Her hair fell scattered across her face as her head rocked back and forth, and now her hot cunt was gushing over my cock, streams of warm honey running down my shaft, coating my balls, and soaking my bed sheets.
Her sweat mixed with mine as she collapsed over me, exhausted and panting. My cock slipped from her tight pussy with a wet plop.
I found myself glad I had masturbated with her earlier this morning, because otherwise, I'd probably have cum already as well. But I wasn't done with her, and I don't think she was ready to quit just yet either.
Still, we took a moment to catch our breath and connect, holding each other.
"Thank you," Jenna whispered, "Thank you for that."
I hugged her tighter. "You're most welcome."
Jenna sighed, then let out a soft laugh. "I just came more times already than I ever did with my old boyfriends combined."
I felt a sense of pride at that, but also sadness. It was a shame her past experiences had been so tainted and unsatisfying.
I kissed her deeply. "You ready for a few more, or still need a minute?"
Jenna answered with a wide smile, pulling me on top of her. Her legs parted and again I felt the warmth of her, waiting for me.
My cock was so hard I didn't need my hand to guide it into her. Her rose petals were swollen and slick and parted for my head easily, although her pussy still offered some resistance, having tightened up after her multiple orgasms.
I opened her up again slowly, sliding just my tip in and out at first, working my way deeper in incremental amounts; two inches, then half way, and finally her vaginal walls gave way and accepted me again fully into their warm embrace.
Jenna sighed deeply as I bottomed out into her. "God damn, I love the way you fill me."
I held myself there for a few moments as we kissed, enjoying the feeling of oneness.
Then I lifted myself up on my arms. Jenna beamed up at me. Her arms went around my lower back as I began to move.
I started slowly, with long, full, deep strokes, pulling out to the tip, pausing, then plunging back in.
Our bodies found a rhythm as Jenna's hips began to work in time with mine, rising up to meet my thrusts.
Jenna's cunt suddenly clenched around me so tightly that it sent a shockwave through my body. "What was that???" I gasped.
"Kegels," she giggled. I still couldn't fathom how someone could look so innocent and wanton at the same time.
We found our rhythm again, Jenna now adding the tight flexing of her vaginal muscles to our movements, and our speed increased as I pounded her. Jenna lifted her legs, allowing me even deeper access, and her moans became more urgent.
She pulled my face to hers, almost growling with lust. "Don't stop, don't you fucking stop! Fuck me harder, oh fuck you're so deep. Fuck me Tommy, I'm gonna cum again, yes, right there, right...there..."
Her words became gasps and squeals as she came, her eyes rolling back as she bucked in pleasure under me.
I never slowed, increasing my thrusts as I felt my own orgasm approaching.
Jenna felt it too. Her eyes locked with mine. "Yes, I feel it, I feel you swelling in me. Don't stop, I wanna feel you cum in me, cum with me, come with me, yes, oh FFFFUCK..."
Jenna grabbed my ass, pushing me harder and deeper as my cock exploded, wave after wave of cum rocketing it's way up and out my shaft. I howled my pleasure at the ceiling, grunting over and over as Jenna writhed beneath me in the throes of her own orgasm.
I collapsed over her, a hot, sweaty mess, my cock still fully erect as her silky walls milked the last few drops out of the tip.
I buried my head on her shoulder, gasping and trembling, simply unable for the moment to even speak. She stroked my hair gently.
As I felt my erection starting to subside, I extracted myself from her carefully, making sure to maintain a grip on the condom as I reluctantly slid from her warm, wet embrace.
I disposed of the condom then lay beside her on my back, Jenna immediately snuggling against me. Her body was warm next to mine. She smelled like sweat and sex. It was a divine scent.
We kissed softly for a few moments, then lay there, her head on my shoulder. I felt moisture there and, looking down, noticed she was crying.
She saw my concern and smiled reassuringly. "Happy tears," she whispered. I relaxed and returned her smile.
Another few moments passed, and now Jenna was chuckling to herself.
"What's so funny?"
"Nothing. Well, okay. I've just decided I'm going to consider this my first time. I may have had sex before, but that was the first time it felt like...making love."
I steeled myself, finding the bravery to say what I'd been wanting to tell her for some time now.
"I'm glad you feel that way, Jenna. Because, well...I do love you."
Jenna sat up and turned her face to me, her eyes wide with surprise. I tensed, expecting the worst. Maybe I'd said too much.
Then her face softened, and her smile was radiant.
"I love you too, Tommy."
She kissed me softly, holding my face with both hands.
She broke the kiss with a giggle. "I hate to ruin this romantic moment, but...I really gotta pee!"
She scrambled out of bed playfully, and darted off towards the bathroom, still giggling happily. ------------------------------------------------------
Authors Afterwards
This chapter has been a long time coming. I hope you felt the wait was worth it.
I suppose this could be a perfect "Happy Ending" for this tale.
But I have more adventures planned for them.
For fans of the original CFNM themes of this story, fear not: its not going to become just another love story, nor will every future chapter simply be about them finding different ways to fuck.
But now that they've bonded fully, they can truly begin to explore their voyeuristic and exhibitionist tendencies even further, with full trust and confidence in each other.
Without delving into spoilers, I can at least hint at what the future holds:
Jenna has demonstrated some exhibitionist tendencies of her own, and may soon be looking for ways to explore them.
There's been talk about them giving Trish an "in person" show.
Speaking of Trish, she certainly seems to have a bit of an exhibitionist streak in her too, doesn't she?
And who knows what mischief could arise from the upcoming Girls Night?
Future chapters may arrive a little slower than usual; I do have a few other things I wanna try writing as well.
But I keep coming back to Jenna; she simply calls to me.
So don't worry, you'll see her again soon.