I used to go to Liza's house to masturbate. The first time happened by mistake. My house was being bug-bombed, so my parents took off for St. Martin's and left me with Liza and her moms. I had feared jerking off in their house, so I rubbed out the buildup through my pants pocket in math class. As soon as I got off the bus, Liza's mom Luna called me into the laundry room. She pointed out the stain and told me to remove my pants and underwear and leave them in the washer, and that she would get me a pair from my duffel bag. Before she left, she said, "It looks like you have to go again. That's okay, there's no shame in our house. Take these paper towels up to Liza's room. She usually relieves herself after school too."
Of course, I had noticed what Liza usually did. She was a chubby girl and completely shameless about her body. Once took her top off in front of me while we were tanning by the pool. And every afternoon, while I was downstairs on the couch doing homework, I could hear her moan loudly for an hour at a time from her room, and often for an hour after lights out.
I went upstairs and knocked on Liza's door, although it was open. She was sitting in a plastic-covered chair at her computer, fully clothed, and pulling out her Rabbit. She saw me come in with the paper towels and giggled, and I felt thoroughly stupid. But then Luna came to the door and asked Liza to include me today. "But keep the door open," said Luna's wife, Sharon, from down the hall. "We don't need you making a baby or getting a disease."
So Liza gave me a chair and told me to drive. "I like all kinds of porn. Just put on what you like." And in time, I would find that she did indeed like all kinds of porn. Even on days when I only felt like watching gay porn, she could get off reliably. But mostly, she seemed to watch me, and more and more I enjoyed watching her. I'd squirt a generous load of lube in my hand and start edging. She'd put her legs up on the desk, spread-eagle. Her bright pink pussy glistened. She'd rub herself with the Rabbit, and sometimes used her other hand to stroke me off. After enough time here thighs would start to jiggle. She'd close her eyes, tilt her head back, pinch a nipple, and give a good long moan, punctuated by screams as she squirted all over the chair and the plastic mat beneath. Sometimes, she let me cum on her chest, and then we'd clean up and do homework.
We never developed romantic feelings. It was hard to with Luna and Sharon occasionally popping in to check on us, or reminding us to finish up in time for dinner. It was pure pleasure shared between two young adults. But with all of the time I spent there, we did get close in a way, and my parents often speculated that we were dating. They'd have recoiled in horror had they known the full extent of our relationship.
The week of graduation, the three girls called me into the living room and sat me down on the couch. Liza had taken a full time job in a town near her college and would be moving away soon. Her moms had suggested that before leaving, she have sex under their supervision so that they could make sure everything was consensual and safe. Liza agreed.
I had honestly pictured myself going off to college and taking on a boyfriend and allowing him to take my virginity. But man was I horny, and curious at that. We all went up to Liza's room together. Luna and Sharon sat in our chairs, and we got in bed. The moms instructed us to kiss and start rubbing each other through our clothes. It got so hot and heavy that I have forgotten the details of what happened next, except that our clothes came off, and soon we were heavily petting one another. The moms stayed mostly quiet, offering some encouragement here and there.
Liza lay on her back as Sharon talked me through cunnilingus, and fingering. After a few minutes, Liza started to buck. "Careful," said Sharon, but it was too late. Liza squirted all over my face.
Then Luna pulled a condom off of a roll and handed it to her daughter. "His penis is nice and hard, it should roll right on," she said. Liza started putting it on backwards. Sensing the trouble, Luna grabbed another, unwrapped it, and placed it on my tip. "This way," she said, and she formed her fingers into a ring, and slid the condom down the length of my cock.
Liza lay back down. I put my tip between the folds of her pussy and pushed it in. Man, I will never forget that feeling. As much as I have become a cock slut, I will always need pussy in my life. I closed my eyes and sped up. Then I felt Sharon's hand on my bare ass. "Slow down," she said. Try another position. I put Liza's feet up by her ears and began pumping again. She started rubbing her clit, and the motion nearly set me off. Sharon once again intervened, and put her daughter on all fours. I pumped her from behind for a good long time.
Finally, Luna suggested that Liza get on top of me. Sweaty as I was, I still noticed how wet the sheets were. Liza lowered herself onto me slow. I gave a few good pumps, but then she slowed me down and started rubbing her clit again. I pumped slowly, and when she finally came, so did I. Sharon and Luna departed to let us clean up, and we ended up fucking again.
Now whenever Luna comes home, we fuck all over the house. Her moms don't mind.