Mike and Marti went away for the weekend, so I had the house to myself. Well, not exactly, I had Kent dropping by every day, and as you might expect, he was enjoying exploring our limits.
The evening I surprised him with demanding 'rough sex,' and his mini fisting of me caused this 20-year-old young man to look for wilder adventures.
I guess he had read too many Penthouse Letters magazines. He was big on exhibitionism, swinging, etc., but he surprised me when he asked if I had multiple sex partners at one time. It was apparent to him I had an extensive sex life.
I didn't want to admit as much as I had to Marti. I still wasn't sure if I could trust him not to broadcast my sex life to his friends.
I was in the den on Saturday when he called and said he wanted to come by. I told him, of course, he could. "I really had a good time the other night," he said. "You have to be the sexiest woman in the world."
"Aw, that's nice," I told him. And then to tease him, I asked, 'just how many women have you had asked you to put all your hand in their pussy?"
"Nobody," he meekly said.
Seeing I had his mind where I wanted it, I suggested he come over, and we can see what else he might be interested in. "How about you coming over in about an hour. We can further explore 'different' things". He readily agreed.
I had no idea what I wanted him to do with me. But, what the hell, nothing ventured, nothing gained.
I went upstairs and searched for my enema kit. I wasn't even sure I still had one, but finally, I found it and prepared the solution.
I hung the bag on the door handle with a shower ring, got on my knees on the towels, and rested on my left elbow. Reaching over for the hose and tube, I began to insert the head into my rectum. Mmm, nice.
I found the clasp and began to release the fluid into my butt. Seeing I would have to hold the nozzle to keep it where I wanted it, I laid my breasts on the towels and felt the mixture move into my bowels.
The sensation was different but enjoyable. As I began to fill, I imagined how many get off on just taking an enema. I could see how it could become addicting.
After a minute or so, I began to feel 'bloated' and could feel a little more uncomfortable. I allowed the bag to empty its contents in me and then shut down the flow. Leaning forward on my elbows, I discovered I was playing with my nipples with the opposite hand. They were hard as rocks.
I tried to hold the solution as long as I could but finally knew I would explode on the towels unless I moved to the commode.
Sitting on the toilet, I began to release the fluid. I expelled a considerable amount of the liquid but could tell much more was still in me. I remained on the toilet for several more minutes to make sure I had lost all of the enemas.
I stepped inside the shower. Ending with shaving my pubes and anal area.
I observed myself in the door length mirror and found my self hairless in all the right spots.
I searched my closet for just the right outfit to present myself to Kent. Indeed nothing subtle, but with more of a flair to the submissive side. I settled on a faux leather bra and thong. I hadn't worn it in years, but it still fit perfectly. Four-inch strapless heels completed my transformation.
Applying a dark brown eye shadow, eyeliner, and other enhancements, I completed it with deep red lipstick much more than usual. Looking into the mirror, I saw a different woman. I hoped I hadn't overdone it, and I wouldn't repel Kent with my makeover.
I fixed a strong drink and sat in the den. Finally, the doorbell rang.
I opened the door and greeted Kent. His eyes perused me, and his smile made it all worthwhile.
I fixed him a drink, and we walked into the den. I motioned for him to sit on the couch and stool in front of him.
Firmly, I said, "I want you to do what you want with me. Nothing is off-limits. If I don't want to do as you ask, I will say the words 'too much'. If you are too rough, I will say the same. Any questions?"
He said no questions.
I then sat down on one of the decliners and spread my legs invitingly.
I asked, "what would you like a sex slave to do to please you?"
No answer. This was going to be more challenging than I thought. I made a suggestion to Kent. Have you ever thought you would want to see your slave expose herself to your friends on your cell?" His eyes lit up like a spotlight! "Not face shots. Understand?" He started to fumble for his phone.
"Say it. You agree to no face shots or telling who you slave model is," I said firmly.
He agreed.
Over the next several minutes, he had me pose in every position possible. Legs spread. Hand in my thong. Thong off, fingers in my pussy, bra off, pulling on my nipples. Spreading my ass to his camera. Etc...
After 20 or so photos, I checked the shots, and true to his word, none showed my face or would identify me. I asked him who he was going to send the photos. He thought for several seconds and named a couple of his friends. Benji, the little ass being one of them.
I watch him prepare the first shot and send it to his friends. One of the comment line he posted 'Like?'
I went into the kitchen and refreshed our drinks. I began to hear pings as Kent's friends responded. 'Who is that?' was the first. "Damn, nice tits' was the second. and finally, 'You fucking that?'
He picked out a photo of me fingering my pussy and a finger lingering over my anus. Immediately the responses came. 'Damn, I want so of that,' Who is this slut?; and the third asked, 'Where are you?'
I suggested he respond to all three by posting, 'I'm going fuck this woman in a few minutes. Any suggestions?'
Quickly the first comment came back. 'IN THE ASS!'
I turned to Kent and asked, "Baby, do you want to fuck me in the ass? I would love to feel your cock in my butt. Let me go get some lube, and we'll do as your friend wanted."
I went up to the bedroom and got the lube. I removed the top, slid a small amount on my finger, and slipped it in my butt. Mmm, I liked it.
Returning downstairs, I moved over to the couch and kissed Kent deeply. Finally, whispering, "I want you to enjoy yourself. Don't worry about me. Maybe you should strip down and get that beautiful cock hard".
I handed him the bottle and positioned myself on my knees on the floor. I spread myself to expose my ass. I told Kent to squirt some of the lube on my hand.
Once I had a generous amount of lube, I reached back and began to spread it on my rear. As I did, I cooed and made other sexual sounds, hoping I was showing Kent how much I anticipated his cock.
I began to insert my forefinger and work it around in my anus. Soon I asked for more lube. I spread it on my fingers and began to do the first two and finally, three in my little hole.
Kent was standing over me with his hard tool in his hand. "Fuck me, Kent,"/ I told him.
He knelt behind me, and I felt the head of his cock on my butt cheek. I felt as he positioned the head of his rod against my bun hole.
"Go slow, at first," I said.
His spread my butt cheeks with his hand and slowly began to slip into me. I guess I cringed and causing him to pull out.
"I'm yours, baby" don't worry about me. I'm your slave, and you should use me". I told him.
Again, he put his cock head against me. This time I slowly pushed back, causing him to slip into me. His ample cock spread me. I waited for him to take over. Soon he was entering me slowly. Damn, had I asked for more than I could handle?
I purred and told him how wonderful it felt to have a lover use me as he wished.
I down know how much of his cock had entered me, but I urged him for more. My ass was stretched to where I thought I would split. I reached back and found he still had a couple of inches to go. "Baby, give it ALL to me," I urged.
I wasn't sure I could take much more, but I braced myself for those two inches. I felt Kent push and fill me even more.
"OH, yea," I screamed. "I love your cock in my ass. I was so full I couldn't have accepted more. "Fuck me, baby. Use your slave's ass. Fill me up." I urged.
I gritted my teeth and accepted his initial thrust. Another one came shortly after. I was finally relaxing enough to take all of him without too much pain. I thought of what someone would think of me if they saw a bank officer taking a young man's cock up her butt. I smiled.
Kent wasn't going to last long. I knew the newness of what we were doing would overcome him, and as I expected, he shot his load within a couple of minutes. Each thrust had reached new depths.
He began to withdraw from me, but I urged him not to. I wanted to feel him in me. He relented and waited. Finally, I leaned forward and slipped him out of me.
I coyly asked if he like the look of my stretched ass? "Hell, yes," he replied. And then I surprised him by asking him if the view was 'picture-worthy? He hurriedly got his phone and clicked off a few shots. I checked the photos and agreed for him to send them.
I got up and kissed him again. I told him I would be right back, but he might send one or two of the shots to his friends. I went to the downstairs bathroom and got a warm washcloth to clean us up.
I returned as the responses began to come through. All the comments were asking if Kent had fucked my ass. "Damn, you did all that damage yourself?' was one. Another asked, 'Who is this whore?'
"Am I your whore" I asked Kent. "You wouldn't put me out to fuck for money, would you?"
Kent hesitated a bit too much to give his answer. "Of course not!" he said. I didn't say it, but I would have bet my life if I had asked for him to ask his friends over to get their own 'piece of ass' ye would have been on the phone immediately.
After cleaning both of us, I said in one of the loungers and asked what he wanted next. I didn't really think his penis would recover that quickly, but young men are always 'ready.'
I was extremely horny. I hadn't come, and I needed attention now! 'I suggested he might want to continue the action from a few days ago and see how far he could stretch my 'cunt'. ( used that exact word to show my nastiness.
"Come on, baby, fill my cunt with your hand. I want you to be the first to fist me." I told him. "Don't you want to show your friends what a whore I am?"
Again I kissed him and massaged his nuts with my hand. "Use me, baby," I prompted him.
Kent surprised me by saying he wanted something else. I didn't know what to say.
"Do you have any rope around?" he asked.
I searched my mind, and the only thing I could come up with was some hair squeezes. I told Kent other than those couldn't think of anything.
"Get them," Kent said.
I retrieved them from my makeup drawer and presented them to him. I stood in front of him as he attempted to put one around my left boob. Nope, no way it would stretch enough for that. It would get several inches up my tit and then slip off.
I saw the disappointment in his eyes. And then I remembered I had a jar full of rubber bands. They proved to do the trick.
Again I stood as he selected one and stretched it over my left breast. It held. He repeated the action on my right breast. Searching through the jar, Kent found several others the same size. He alternated, slipping them on. He flicked my nipples as he waited for the hoped results. Shortly, my breasts reacted to the altered flow of blood. He smiled at the results.
He searched the jar for more rubber band, and finding some less in diameter, he started slipping them on each breast. Pushing them up with an inch of the first bunch, he released them on my flesh. Ouch!
The tightness almost immediately began to cause more blue coloring. The tight bands caused a slight 'ballooning' of my beast toward my nipple.
The third set of even smalled bands did the same. The appearance was unbelievable. Not to mention, the pain was beginning to increase in my breasts.
A fourth set of the smaller rubber bands, just an inch or so about my taunt nipples, caused me to grasp my hand behind me to keep from tearing them off.
Without urging this time, Kent got this phone and snapped several shots.
He posted them. I stood there in REAL pain as ye awaited the results.
He looked at me and, with almost a sneer, asked, "How does that feel, Slave."
I lied and responded, "wonderful."
A ping on the phone caused us to look immediately. 'No clothes pins?' someone asked. Immediately I shook my head. Kent wasn't buying my answer.
"Where are your clothespin?" he forcefully asked.
"Down the hall in the laundry room. Still trying to fight back the tears, waited for his return.
Kent placed a clothespin on each of my ultra-sensitive nipples. Now I couldn't hold back my tears. Kent showed no reaction.
With another pin in his hand, he stepped back and applied it to my inner labia lip. Another soon followed on the other side. Again, more photos were taken. Kent showed them to me, and I nodded through my tears.
With tear-filled eyes, I looked down at my intensely blue-colored tits. The mere appearance caused a new wave of pain to run through my body.
He posted them, and we waited. Finally, I had to say 'too much' or safety phrase.
He removed the clothespins. And stopped.
What the hell! Again I said 'too much'. . His response was snapping the third rubberband on each breast.
"TOO MUCH," I yelled.
Finally, he began to remove the bands. As the blood returned, I felt totally used.
The first response came in. "I want some of that. PLEASE! The following comment was brutal. She's a piece of slut meat!' The final comment was more to the point, She definitely needs a gang bang. Where the hell are you?'
Kent looked at me as I read the comments. His expression was telling. Did ( want to say to them who I was and in invite them over?
"NO, no way. I want this between us and to excite your buddies. Nothing else, Dp, you understand? He agreed he did.
The pain subsided in my breasts, thank goodness!
I massaged each to get them to their natural size.
I didn't know what Kent wanted to happen. I now realize the photos and their release to his friends probably were a terrible idea. Once on the net, I could be a marked woman if someone could recognize me.
Did Kent really want me to service his friends? I was sure he did. But what guarantee did I have of remaining anonymous?
I picked up his phone and reviewed the photos he had taken. Thankfully, none showed my face or anything that could identify me as the women.
Kent and I kissed and toyed with each other's body; the previous activities were in the past.
We made our way upstairs to my bathroom and showered together. Before stepping in the warm water, I glanced at the mirror. My face was awful. The tears caused any attractiveness to be erased. The carefully applied makeup streaked my face causing me to look unrecognizable.
Once in my bed, we had tender sex. I finally reached the climax that I was denied throughout the evening.
All is good.