[Author's note: Madame Syn, nursed back to health by her lover Cassie, has been persuaded to allow the Lost and Found kink club to go out with a bang. Syn has poured her life into it, and the new laws will close its doors for good. It nearly cost her everything, but her friends are determined to show her how much she means to them all. Everyone has come.
This story is part of theMidnight at the Lost & Found Author Challenge. Please take a moment to read the other author contributions - thank you to all the participants. Look closely, you may spot some of the characters in the club...!]
---
THE MAD HATTER'S TEA PARTY
Cassie thought she had it all planned out, until it began to spiral out of her control. What had started as a small idea, that Syn might benefit from a welcome home party on her release from hospital, has quickly taken on a momentum of its own. Quinn had taken the reins, turning a quiet gathering into something else entirely, until Cassie had found herself awash with RSVPs from all manner of friends and friends of friends, as people came out of the woodwork to attend.
When she had voiced her concerns to Quinn about it, suggested curtailing the party, he had shrugged. It's out of our hands, he'd told her, people want to show their respect for what she's accomplished, plus it's shaping up to be the last hurrah for the Lost and Found. That last point had sealed it. If they were going to lose the Lost and Found, then what better way to go out?
The night of the party, Aidan drove them into the city in Cassie's car, with Syn in the passenger seat and Cassie sitting behind them. Suit carriers were hung up against the back window. Cassie reached forwards and grasped the older woman's shoulder.
"How're you feeling, Syn?"
"I'm fine. Please, you can stop asking."
"Okay."
They drove on in silence, Aidan keeping his eyes on the road.
"If it all gets too much, I'll tell you," Syn announced, out of nowhere.
"I didn't ask," Cassie said.
"You didn't need to," Syn replied, "I can feel you thinking it."
"Sorry."
"And now you're apologising. I hate it when you do that."
Syn reached up and patted Cassie's hand. "Tonight will be good. I'm looking forward to it."
Cassie didn't reply, leaning back in her seat, watching the world go by in the dark.
"I need to get back on the horse. That's your considered medical opinion, isn't it? The longer I leave it, the worse it's going to get."
Cassie had the feeling that Syn was goading her, firing off pop-psychology tropes from the front seat. She felt her hackles rising, but then she smiled to herself. This was Syn, emerging at last from the shell of the woman Cassie had brought home, adept at pinpointing weaknesses and crawling under her victim's skin. The acerbic dialogue was a welcome sign. Cassie knew how to respond.
"Actually, there are a few people who want to see how you are, and Quinn especially has worked flat out to prepare a welcome back party in your honour," Cassie grumbled, "But you're probably too preoccupied to appreciate that."
Cassie saw Syn's body shudder, and she realised that the other woman was laughing quietly.
"Well put."
Cassie leaned forward again, this time snaking an arm around the other woman. Very delicately, she encircled Syn's neck with her fingers.
"You're going to have a good time tonight," Cassie murmured in her ear.
"Is that an order?"
Cassie felt Syn strain momentarily against her fingers. Cassie didn't relent.
"I have the collar. I will use it."
"You may have to."
Syn's body relaxed into her touch.
"Good girl," Cassie whispered.
The rest of the trip passed in silence. Aidan parked the car in the street opposite the club, then scurried around the other side to open Syn's door.
"I can manage," Syn said, looking up at him.
"Syn," Cassie snapped.
Syn sighed. "Thank you, but I'm able to manage. The ribs are fine, now."
She climbed out of the car stiffly as Aidan went to help Cassie with the suit carriers. They all stood in silence for a moment, looking across the street at the familiar sandstone doors and the neon sign.
"Not tonight," Cassie said, nodding towards the alleyway, "It's a private event. We're using the back entrance."
They crossed the street and ducked into the alley. Set into the featureless brick wall there was an alcove, spilling a little square of light out onto the ground. Framing the alcove was an ornate picture frame, with strips of silver hanging down. Light glittered through from within. Syn came to a halt, appraising it.
"This is new," she remarked.
"Just for tonight," Cassie replied.
"What is it? Are we meant to be going somewhere?"
Cassie took her by the hand and parted the shimmering strips.
"Through the looking glass," she replied, "Come and see."
They stepped into the back entrance of the Lost and Found.
Tony was there, dressed head to toe in a black suit, filling it with his massive frame, the tattoos on his face creased as he beamed at Syn. Incongruously, he sported a matching pair of black rabbit ears on his head. Around his wrist was a blue wristband.
"Nice to see you back," Tony rumbled, enveloping her hand with his massive fingers, "Sorry about the office door."
Syn blinked in confusion, looking up at the burly Pacific Islander.
"You're dressed up," she remarked.
"Yes, it was the missus' idea, so I could look the part."
"What are you?"
"Me? I'm the Black Rabbit," he cackled to himself.
Syn turned to Cassie, frowning, but Cassie headed her off quickly.
"Tony, everything good?"
"Yeah, no worries. Quinn's been riding them pretty hard. Cam's making some last fixes now. We're all good."
Cassie could see that Syn was about to launch into questions, but she cupped her elbow, moving her towards the stairs.
"Where's Indi?" Aidan asked.
"She came with me," Tony replied, "She's helping Estelle at the bar."
"I'll check."
Aidan turned, opening the door into the main floor of the club, letting a little music spill through into the stairwell as he stepped through and disappeared. Syn looked from Tony to Cassie, eyebrow cocked.
Cassie just smiled in return and murmured, "Curiouser and curiouser," as she directed Syn up the stairs.
They emerged onto the landing, greeted by the same, familiar corridor with the four doors leading off it. The first door, to Syn's office, was new. Syn hesitated.
"He really made a mess of it, didn't he?" she mused.
"Yeah, he nearly broke the frame."
"Such a waste."
"Nearly."
Syn turned to look at her, her face unreadable.
"It needed a new lock," Cassie said, "I've got a spare key. I'm going to hold onto it."
Suddenly, Syn drew in a long, shuddering breath, her composure cracking from just a moment.
"I suppose we should get on with it."
Cassie unlocked the door and opened it for Syn to step through. She deposited the suit carriers on the desk and turned to watch Syn's reaction to finally being back in the room where she'd attempted to end it all.
"It looks just the same," Syn murmured, "Even the couch."
"I didn't change anything, except getting the splinters out of the carpet."
"Such a waste," Syn repeated, "Such a silly thing to put you through."
Cassie came up behind Syn and wrapped her arms around her.
"You're forbidden from doing that again."
Syn settled back against the younger woman.
"Because I love you," Cassie continued.
"Not because replacing doors is expensive?"
Syn gave her a nudge with her hip, disengaging. She turned to face Cassie, stroking her face.
"Harvey told me he likes you," Syn said, "He could see how you make me feel. He could see that I love you too."
The moment lengthened, and then Cassie pulled away.
"Enough, already. We need to get dressed."
Syn smiled. "So, it's fancy dress?"
"Blame Quinn."
"Oh, Cassidy, I will. I'm going to be merciless."
Cassie scooped up the suit carriers and directed Syn through another door into the boudoir. Syn instantly crossed over to the red dress hanging on the rack.
"You saved it," Syn whispered.
"I stripped you for Ashley to get to work on you. The dress was the last thing on my mind, believe me."
Syn reached out and touched the silk, lost in thought, as Cassie began to undress. Her hand dropped to her side, and Cassie stopped.
"What's wrong?"
Syn didn't answer or move. Wearing nothing but her underwear, Cassie approached her but before she could get closer, Syn held up a warding hand, facing away, staring at the beautiful gown.
"Just a moment, please. I just need a moment."
"Of course. We have all the time in the world."
Syn's shoulders quivered and she emitted a sharp laugh.
"No, we don't. You have a sea of faces downstairs, don't you? All waiting."
"I...."
"Just tell me the truth. You know I hate surprises at the best of times."
"People have been concerned, yes. You would be amazed."
Syn shook her head, still facing the dress.
"All for me? Really? I'm not sure I mean that much."
Cassie knew what Syn was doing. She knew what to say next.
"You have two choices, Syn. You can wallow here in self-pity, or you can walk down those stairs into the club, like you own it."
Syn turned sharply to face her. Cassie was shocked to see the tracks of tears on her cheeks. Syn raised her chin and for a moment, Cassie wasn't sure what Syn would do. Then Syn flicked the tears from her face with her long, elegant fingers and fixed Cassie with the ice-blue eyes.
"I do own the club, Cassidy Hayes."
Cassie held up a suit carrier and said, "Then, let's go."
"I shudder to think what the theme is. If you left it to Quinn, it could be anything."
"Like full rubber enclosure?"
"Oh God, no," Syn replied, "I'm thinking much worse."
"Such as?"
"Glam and glitter formal."
"Really?"
"Or, heaven help us, he could have settled on disco."
---
Cassie let Syn precede her down the stairs. Tony was by the door, but otherwise the little space was deserted. He heard the clicking of high heels and looked up. His mouth dropped open.
Syn flashed him a haughty glance and paid him no further attention, coming to a halt in front of the doorway that led into the club. Cassie joined her, stealing a look at Tony, the big man stopped in his tracks. She winked and then turned her attention back to Syn, holding up a red wristband.
"What's this?" Syn asked.
"Quinn's idea, so everyone can see who is available for what. Red means private play. There's amber to designate only with their owner's permission, there's blue for staff like Tony and Armal and the people who are monitors, and then there's green. That means free use."
"Efficient. Red for us, I see."
"I thought it appropriate."
"Are you worrying about my ribs again, or to safeguard my reputation?"
Cassie fixed a red band around Syn' wrist, and then a red band around her own.
"I'm just concerned for the safety of whoever you come into contact with."
"You make me sound like the devil herself."
Cassie regarded the older woman with a faint half-smile. "Ready?" she asked.
"One moment," Syn responded.
Cassie found herself waiting, watching for the signal that Syn had composed herself for her grand entrance. At last, Syn nodded and Cassie pulled the door open. They stepped out into the club.
Cassie was decked out in blue and white, playing the part of Alice. She had donned a tight dress that stopped just above her knees with ruffled sleeves, in glossy sky-blue latex. Over the top, she had fastened a matching pinafore in white latex, to match the shiny stockings enveloping her legs. Her hair was held back by a band in matching sky-blue and she strode into the club in black ankle-strap shoes with a wickedly-thin stiletto heel.
Cassie swayed as she walked, her bottom shaped beautifully by the tight latex, smiling at the gathered crowd. Then all eyes shifted from her to the woman following behind.
Syn sauntered through the door, head held high, grey-blue eyes flashing, her mouth curved into a devilish smile in shocking cherry red lipstick, clad head to toe in red and black. The bodice of her long dress was red leather, surrounding and uplifting her cleavage, setting off the red heart pendant nestled between her breasts. The shoulders were ruffled, again in red leather, the long sleeves sweeping down to her wrists. The hemline of her dress brushed the ground at the back but swept up at the front to reveal thigh-high black leather boots and fishnets. A high-backed collar, in matching black, set off the dazzling blonde sweep of her hair, crowned with a tiara sporting tiny love hearts.
A man pushed his way through the crowd. He was tall and gangly, overtopping most of the people around him, made to seem taller still by the ridiculously outsized top hat perched on his head. He was dressed in charcoal britches and a waistcoat, wearing white fingerless gloves. He strode up to Syn and stopped, bowing deeply.
"My Queen," he intoned.
"Quinn. It's you we have to thank for all this, is it?"
Quinn straightened up, grinning. "A team effort. You look spectacular."
"What can I say? The Queen of Hearts. I'm typecast."
He held out his hand and Syn took it, allowing herself to be escorted.
"Welcome to Wonderland," he announced.
Cassie followed on behind them, marvelling at the transformation Quinn had wrought in the Lost and Found. At the far end of the room, the stage was lit up with spotlights, each trained on a different piece of equipment. Cassie recognised the bondage rack and the leather pommel horse with its straps, but the third item was new.
Next to the pommel horse was a large rectangular frame in the same ornate pattern as the doorway in the alley, but this time there was no curtain of silver threads hanging down. Instead, trapped between transparent latex sheets, helpless, was the figure of a nude woman with a red wristband sealed in a spread-eagled position with a breathing tube snaking from her mouth to the side of the frame. Cassie watched her buck and writhe, her body shimmering in the reflected spotlight off the slick surface enveloping her. Only then did she spot a man's figure behind the frame, his hands caressing the body of the helpless woman, tickling her and making her squirm and writhe.
Closer, near the bar, was a short vertical post sheathed in felt, supporting the figure of a young brunette woman with a green wristband. She was trussed up in a vertical hogtie, her knees balanced on the shelf and the rest of her body secured with thick leather straps to the sturdy post. Her mouth was gaping, the flash of steel between her teeth indicating the ring gag fastened there. An imposing woman in a long purple leather hobble skirt and an ornate black leather corset sat in a high-backed chair nearby, chatting amiably with a younger couple. The young man had a slight scar under his eye, towering over his petite blonde partner. She looked on enviously as the older woman in the hobble skirt would occasionally reach out and swat the bound woman's cum-slickened breasts with a riding crop, making her squirm. Scrawled in flowery writing across the helpless woman's breasts were the words, 'Paint me,' a smiley face set into the A, and the I dotted with a little red love heart. Semen dripped from her swollen, reddened nipples.
A man stood in front of her, his hand wrapped around his solid erection. Cassie noticed the gleam of an intricate silver and gold threaded wedding band on his finger as he pushed his purpled tip into her gaping mouth. The helpless brunette began to suck vigorously, her eyes never leaving the face of the man standing over her.
But it was the centre of the room that drew her attention, dominated by the solid cubic structure of scaffolding filling half the floor space. As she made her way through the crowd, following in the wake of Quinn as he escorted Syn, she began to catch glimpses of what had been created there.
She saw the lights first: fairy lights, entwined around the figures of a slight, pale-skinned woman and a burly dark-skinned man. They were nude and hooded, dangling from the scaffolding horizontally and face-down in suspension harnesses, their hands cinched behind their backs and their legs splayed wide apart. The two bodies had been secured to each other by their ankles forming a cross shape over the centrepiece of the space: a long white table.
The twin figures above illuminated a long table set with cups and saucers of all shapes and sizes. There were cake stands, teapots, plates of finger sandwiches, surrounded by people sitting in ornate mismatching high-backed chairs or on upholstered stools, talking and laughing. Cassie saw another Alice, a Caterpillar and a couple dressed as playing cards. At the near end of the table, dressed in an ornate leather corset and long, sweeping purple dress that parted to reveal elegant legs in fine black stockings, hair pushed back by a sparkling tiara and a heart-shaped pendant around her neck was the woman she's spotted through the crowd earlier. The woman turned, revealing a face she recognised. It was Ally.
She had done her makeup to whiten her face until she looked like a French courtier, her only concession to colour behind a little red love-heart of lipstick on her mouth. Her eyes were on Quinn, still sporting his oversized top hat, talking with two men she recognised as Tom and Cam across the floor.
Cassie weaved her way across to her friend, but then stopped as the crowd parted to reveal the centre of the table. Cassie realised with a shock that the table was clothed in slick, white latex. But more than that, there was a shape embedded within it, trussed tightly and vacuum-sealed into position, with serving trays balanced over her naked body. A hand reached out for a sandwich, gliding over the shiny surface for a moment, causing the helpless woman to shudder. Cassie found herself captivated by the clear outline of swollen labia in the shiny latex. Whoever was sealed into the table was enjoying it.
"Cassie, you look stunning!"
Cassie turned to see Ally rising from her chair.
"I'm Alice."
"I thought you would be, and I guessed who would take the Queen of Hearts. I opted for the Duchess instead."
"Hot."
"Yes, but I might lose some of the layers later."
"No, I meant...."
"I know. Quinn has been chomping at the bit all week. I had to show him, to make sure I was up to scratch."
Ally grinned mischievously. "I'm a complete bitch."
Cassie looked around again. "He really went to town."
"Oh Cassie, you have no idea. Even the mighty Quinn struggled to maintain the lists of attendees. It nearly broke his phenomenal organisational ability, which is saying something."
"He's done a great job. I knew it was going to be big, but this is way beyond."
"He had Tom and Cam over every other night, planning it, what to build, what devices they could conjure up. I got very little worship out of him the last couple of weeks."
"Your sacrifice was worth it," Cassie smiled, her eyes scanning the throng of revellers, "He really put a lot in."
"Oh, Cassie, he's mad as hell. He's really fired up with the new law coming through. He's obsessed with it."
"Has he found a way to stop it?"
Ally shook her head. "Not from a lack of trying."
"Are you worried?"
"About what?" Ally asked, "You mean about giving him his punishment and getting taken away by the cops?"
She shook her head. "I'm the guilty. I'll break the law for him, any day. Staunton's not gonna stop me giving my man what he deserves."
Cassie could see it in her face. Quinn had done that to her, drawn her in, just like he had drawn Alena in. Ally jiggled, then shot Cassie a little smile. Cassie grinned back, reading her intentions.
"Go ahead," Cassie told her, "He'll be disappointed if you don't."
Ally rose from her chair, then bent over to whisper into Cassie's ear, "He deserves it. I'm thinking the pommel horse. Would that be enough of a spectacle, do you think?"
"You're loving this, aren't you?"
"So much."
In the distance, Syn approached one of the booths. Cassie watched as she took the hand of a much older woman seated there and curtsied. Next to them was a shorter, wiry man with close-knit curly hair.
"Who's that?" Cassie asked, "With Yves?"
"Oh, yes. That, Cassidy Hayes, is the reason we are all here. Madame Roberte. She came in from Zurich this morning with Yves just to be here."
At that moment, Syn looked around, finding Cassie in the crowd and beckoning her over.
"There you go, the summons. Good luck, Cassie."
"Why do I need luck?" Cassie asked, but Ally didn't reply.
Instead, Ally straightened up and threaded her way through the crowd. There was a little excited bounce in her step. Cassie stood, finding herself alone among the sea of people. She looked up at the lighting fixture, the man and woman twined in fairy lights above the table. Yes, Quinn had covered off all the details.
Warily, Cassie approached the booth. Syn held out a hand and Cassie took it, letting Syn draw her in towards the little group in the booth. Yves nodded a welcome, his dark eyes fixed on her intently, then shifting away again, back to the elderly lady across the table from him.
"May I introduce you to Cassidy Hayes?" Syn said, "Cassidy, I'd like you to meet Madame Roberte. Matrone. She taught me everything I know."
Cassie stepped forward, regarding the older woman. Madame Roberte was dressed in black, with her straight grey hair gathered in a perfect French twist. Grey eyes bore into Cassie, lively in the lined face.
"I heard that you came in directly from Switzerland," Cassie remarked, "That's quite a trip."
"Oui," the old woman replied, "Mais, c'est bon."
She paused, then continued in perfect English, banishing the French to the wisp of an accent, "Yves has told me all about you, how you're looking after Cynthia."
Madame Roberte patted Syn on the arm. "We shouldn't do it, but we have our favourite old girls. Cynthia is one of our most treasured."
"Please," Syn protested, but the old lady's eyebrows shot up.
"Oh, silence. Look at what you've done here. Look at the people who came. Enough. I was honoured to receive the invitation. Now, will you sit for a few moments, before the night progresses?"
She patted the seat next to her and Syn slid into the booth. Yves shuffled up to admit Cassie, and she listened as the two women opposite began to converse. Cassie had gleaned fragments of Syn's past, enough to know that Yves was part of that earlier phase, from when Harvey had taken the young Cynthia into his life and decided to educate her. The fact that two of them from her Zurich finishing school were here meant that Syn was, even after having been gone for many years, still a part of the circle of Old Girls.
Looking out across the club, she understood Ally's comment now. This was where it had all started, with a young girl under the strict discipline of a fearsome Madame, learning how to obey and what it meant.
After a time, Syn took her leave, threading her arm through Cassie's, thanking her Matrone for making the trip. The party was in full swing now, the space packed with people in all manner of fancy dress or otherwise outlandish outfits. Across the room, Cassie saw a splash of white and peered through the crowd, looking to see if there was yet another Alice in attendance. Cassie had seen three already; she had seen no red queens.
They drifted closer, stopping and talking to everyone who crossed paths with them, making slow progress. Everyone wanted to know how Syn was doing, to the point that she had to hold up a hand to forestall the questions, rattling off the answers like machine gun bullets before the question had left the other person's lips.
The flash of white was closer now, and Cassie went to investigate. She found a familiar face, dressed head to toe in a tight white latex bodysuit. A matching hood covered her head, almost erasing her identity completely, but the red crosses across her face and the back of her head gave Cassie the clue she needed.
"Ashley, I'm sorry, but who on earth did you come as?"
Ashley smiled, her eyes lighting up. "Can't you guess?" she asked, holding up her wrist to show a blue wristband, "I'm the first aid post."
"And how's that going?"
"Ah, just a dislocated finger so far. Nothing I can't handle."
Cassie nodded, then asked, "Have you talked to Syn yet?"
Ashley shook her head. "In the hospital once, but not since she got out. She'll talk to me when she wants to, Cassie. It's a bit much to expect tonight, especially since I was the one who broke her ribs."
"You saved her life," Cassie shot back, "I'm so very grateful to you."
"Just part of the job. I'd have done it for anyone. Even that fucker Staunton."
Ashley looked down at Cassie's wrist.
"Not blue?" she asked.
"No."
"So you might be playing later?"
Cassie laughed. "Look at this place. Who knows?"
"Sober?"
"At this rate. I've just been talking non-stop for an hour."
"Cassie, go get a drink. Seriously, we got it from here. You've done enough. Besides, you already missed some of the acts on the stage. We've already had a slave contest, that poor girl tied to the post, and I know Quinn has more in mind. Oh, and Tom's set up a donation jar."
"A what?"
"Oh, hon, just go see. That man's an evil genius."
Cassie found Tom at the bar with Cam, deep in discussion. Tom was dressed as the March Hare, with long brown furry ears, while Cam wore dungarees and had a tool belt around his waist, as the Carpenter. A stunning blonde girl in an Alice costume was standing next to them, flicking her blonde hair back over her shoulder as if trying to catch the attention of one of the two men.
"Gentlemen," Cassie said as she approached, "How's the night so far?"
Tom, the older and taller of the two, turned to her with a stressed look on his face. His mouth turned down.
"That good?" Cassie asked.
"Just a lot going on," Tom admitted, "There's a waiting list for the mirror and I've had two requests for the table, and," he pointed at the donation jar, "I can't seem to get a reliable network connection on this."
"I think it's the ceiling," Cam interjected, "There are steel beams, and the office is directly above. The router's in the corner so maybe if we move the jar along the bar a bit, we'll get a gap between that lets the signal through."
Tom shrugged. "If you reckon, then I'm all good with that."
Cassie looked from the pair to the girl standing next to them, dancing from foot to foot in her mary-jane shoes as she kept flashing looks at Cam. Unlike Cassie's sleek latex outfit, the girl's was made from blue satin, with a cotton pinafore over the top. She wore opaque white stockings and as she jiggled, the dress rode up just enough to flash a strip of naked thigh above the stocking tops. The front of the dress was square-cut but low, exposing the mounds of her voluptuous cleavage. She was clearly asking for attention, frustrated by the two men talking about structural engineering.
Tom shifted the jar a little way along the bar, checking his phone as he did so. He moved it several times and then stopped.
"Got a lock. Wanna give it a try?" he announced.
Cam fished into his pocket and pulled out a crumpled note. He held it over the mouth of the donation jar for a moment. Both men looked across at the girl.
"Here goes," Cam said and dropped the money into the jar.
The girl squirmed suddenly, biting her lips as she rubbed her knees together. Cam smiled. Tom looked down at his phone again and nodded.
"We're back in business," he announced.
Cassie felt that she had to intervene. "Tom, uh, what do you mean by back in business?"
At this, Tom turned to her. "I had an idea," he began, "After Quinn said there were people who couldn't make it tonight. So, Cam and I had a bit of a think."
"And you came up with a donation jar? So, you're raising money?"
"For cancer, yes, but that's not everything. See? The lid of the jar?"
Tom pointed and then Cassie saw it. There was a small box stuck to the underside of the lid, next to the money slot.
"It's a light sensor, rigged up to a Raspberry Pi in the bottom of the jar, detecting events and putting them into a broadcast queue. The unit has an internet connection to...."
"It basically registers each time someone donates," Cam interjected.
"And the event goes into the cloud," Tom continued, "And devices can register to receive the events."
Cam dropped another note into the jar, making the petite blonde squirm and clamp her thighs together. Cassie's eyes went wide.
"I thought it might be a little fun, but then someone went and posted the link," Tom said, showing Cassie the phone screen, "The furthest participant so far is a lady way out at a roadhouse in the desert in Western Australia. She's apparently got a bottle of red and is having the time of her life."
Tom dropped a couple of coins into the jar. The girl groaned, clutching Cam's arm.
"Baby," she groaned, "You done here?"
"Just might need a couple more tests."
Cassie smiled, leaving them to it, and approached the bar. Armal nodded to her and shrugged, mixing a cocktail, giving the impression that he was flat out. Estelle was behind the bar, and further along, Cassie caught a glimpse of Indi, in a tight black top and jeans, sporting a blue wristband. Aidan was next to her, pouring a round of vodka shots. He saw Cassie and came over.
"What can I get you? It's on the house."
"Tonic water."
"Sure? Nothing stronger, while we still have it?"
"No, I'm good. How's the situation?"
Aidan shook his head, saying, "At this rate we are gonna be out of drink by midnight, I reckon. Armal's real stressed. He's got an order on emergency delivery, though dunno what that costs."
Aidan passed Cassie her drink and looked around the room.
"There's a lot of people here Cassie, it's pandemonium."
Cassie leaned across the bar. Aidan craned his neck to meet her as she talked above the noise.
"You don't have to do this, you know."
Aidan gave a little laugh. "When you're keeping someone with a bullwhip waiting for her drink, yes, you do."
He picked up a cocktail shaker and began to shake it vigorously.
"You're good at this," she said.
"Uni job behind the bar. Skills for life."
He leaned forward again, grinning. "But never this insane. I'm quite happy keeping a little separation from the madness on your side of the bar."
With that, he moved off, cracking the shaker open with a tap and pouring the contents into a cocktail glass in front of a tall woman in a studded leather bodice with a whip curled on her hip.
Cassie turned back to Tom, taking a mouthful of her drink, and only then realising how parched she was from all the talking.
"You're here alone tonight," she remarked, to which Tom shook his head. He nodded over to the table.
"Hayley's here too."
"Oh, really?" Cassie replied.
"Yes. It was her idea, she wanted to be the table centrepiece. She was very keen when I mentioned the donation jar, too. I imagine she's desperate in there by now. She's putting on quite a show."
Cassie turned to Cam, nodding to his petite, feisty companion.
"I'm Cassie. You must be the wonderful fiancée Cam has been telling us all about," Cassie remarked, "I'm pleased to meet you at last."
"Nah," the blonde girl interrupted, "He ditched her at home and brought me instead. I'm Bree."
Cassie glanced down at the red wristband on her wrist. Cam followed Cassie's gaze and muttered under his breath to her, "Yeah, red. I'm taking zero chances with her."
"What?" Bree asked.
Cam turned to her and made a twirling motion with his finger. "Why don't you show Cassie your Alice costume?"
"It's not as good as yours," Bree pouted, doing a spin as requested, "It's homemade."
"It looks great on you," Cassie replied, "It fits perfectly. How long did it take you to make?"
Bree giggled, "Oh, me? Think I'd have the patience for something like this? No, he made his soon-to-be-wife sew it for me, so that I'd look nice when Cam took me to the club."
Cassie frowned, confused. "And where's she?"
"Moping around at home," Bree smirked, "While I get full access to her man all night. Sad bitch will be spewing when she finds out what she was missing."
"Be nice," Cam cautioned.
"Fuck nice. Hey, I got an idea," Bree replied, her eyes going wide, locking onto Cassie, "We need to make her a video. Cassie, would you be able to help?"
"As in?"
"Filming. You don't have to take part," Bree chuckled, "Unless you want to."
"Bree...," Cam rasped.
"Hey, always a first time. She's hot, Cam, look at her. Want to see how Alices party?"
"Aren't you forgetting something?"
"Nah."
"Show Cassie the rest of your costume."
Bree's expression darkened.
"Show the nice lady, Bree."
Reluctantly, Bree raised the hem of her pretty blue dress to expose her crotch.
"Do another spin. Let Cassie see."
Bree did a twirl, exposing herself. Locked in place between her legs was a thick leather strap, secured to a leather belt that encircled her waist. She pouted and let the dress fall from her fingers, covering herself again.
"Who made that part of your costume?" Cam asked.
"Mina, too," Bree muttered.
"Because?"
"Because she thinks I can't behave."
"And why would that be?"
The blonde girl balled her hands into fists.
"Cam, look, see? It's a sex party. People are having actual sex. Look."
She pointed an accusatory finger at a nearby booth where a naked bottom was rising and falling in the lap of someone else.
"It's not fair," she hissed, "Mina likes denial. You should have brought her if I'm not going to be allowed out all night. They're all having the time of their lives and I'm locked up."
Cam drew her to him, grinning. "Oh, don't worry. I'm going to unlock you. Don't you worry about that at all."
"You better. You promise?"
Cassie felt suddenly surplus to requirements, watching the lovers kiss. She scoured the floor for Syn, feeling a tingle beginning to emerge deep inside her. Instead, she felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to see Ally, with Quinn in tow.
"Ready for fun?" Ally asked.
Quinn stretched himself out, like a cat. Ally beamed at him.
"Let's get this party started, worm."
Quinn began to smile. "Yes, Mistress Candice," he replied.
Syn would have to wait, Cassie thought, she was probably deep in conversation with the party guests anyway. Resigned to postponing her own pleasure, Cassie made her way through the crowd and ascended the stage, following behind as Ally swayed on her high heels. Quinn followed behind her, and the two of them diverted toward the pommel horse and began to prepare.
Alone, Cassie found herself standing next to a middle-aged woman whose attention was fixed on the mirror frame and its occupants. Mounted in the latex sheets were a young couple, their naked bodies entwined. Each had a mouthpiece between their teeth and a length of breathing hose. As Cassie watched, they flexed and stretched, tilting their hips in a rhythmical motion. Each wore an amber wristband.
"They're beautiful, aren't they?" the woman said, her eyes never leaving the undulating bodies in the transparent sheeting.
"Yes," Cassie agreed, "Do you know them?"
The woman nodded. "Yes, they're mine. It's so difficult to find a pair."
The muscles in the young man's back stretched and bunched as he pushed himself further into his partner.
"I kept them in chastity all month in preparation. I wanted them to make a grand display."
"How did you find them?" Cassie asked.
"Oh, long story," the woman replied, "I found her online, and as soon as I saw her, I, well, you know how it is."
She shuddered. "I just knew I had to have her. I don't go for females as a rule, but as you can see, she's quite exceptional."
"And him?"
"The boyfriend took a little more work. I promised to keep them together if they came into my possession, and I have done. They seem to have settled beautifully into their new lives."
"They live with you?"
"Yes, I keep them in a room and call them out when I need them. They get a little time to themselves, to sustain their relationship," the woman replied, then laughed, "But obviously no more intercourse with each other, which he took particularly hard. There was a period of adjustment, but we're through that now."
"They seem to be enjoying intercourse now."
The woman laughed again, beckoning Cassie closer to the trapped couple, smoothing her hand over the man's glossy, taut buttocks. Cassie watched them pulse as he thrust himself into his partner, but looking closer she could see a wire emerging from between his cheeks. The woman then beckoned Cassie around to the other side of the frame, pointing out the wire again as it disappeared between the young woman's buttocks. She smiled and placed a hand on each cheek, splaying the captive to reveal a circular intrusion emerging from her rear.
"She is under strict instructions not to allow her boyfriend to cum," the woman explained. "If she thinks he's getting close, she does this."
She slapped the young woman's bottom hard. Cassie watched her sphincter pucker around the intrusion and suddenly the man writhed in discomfort.
"What did you do to them?" Cassie asked, finding herself leaning forward in fascination.
"Her plug is pressure sensitive, his emits an electric shock. She contracts, he gets a jolt."
"Why would she do that?"
The woman laughed again, stroking the figure sealed in the latex.
"Oh, it's strange what a month will do to a person. I told her she was free to enjoy him for as long as she wanted and to orgasm, the only condition was that if he orgasms, it stops. I gave her the choice to let her boyfriend finally climax inside her after not being allowed to do so since they became my property, or for her to interrupt him whenever he gets close to the brink so she can have as many climaxes as she chooses."
"That's a diabolical choice," Cassie murmured.
"Not really," the woman replied, "She hasn't let him cum yet. I'm training her to take her rightful place, which is over her boyfriend. In time, she will accept without questions that she's my toy, and that he is hers, given to her by me as a reward for her obedience. Eventually, I'll allow her to use him for her pleasure whenever she likes, with full control of the decision to let him orgasm or not."
She patted the shiny bottom in front of her lovingly.
"Of course, she will be rewarded with privileges if she doesn't succumb and show mercy. By the time I'm done with her training, she'll be the perfect switch. Utterly subservient to me, and completely dominant to him."
As she spoke the words, the couple began to writhe in the latex, their bodies lubricated with their perspiration, allowing her to slide against him fractionally. Her arms were wrapped tightly around his chest, his hands on her shoulders, fingers digging into her yielding flesh. Their hips ground together, his manhood buried deeply inside her, the only sound being the stretching of the slick latex as they moved and the faint susurration of their breath merging from vent holes in the mirror frame.
"This will be fascinating," the woman breathed, watching the couple avidly.
His hips thrust harder and faster into her, and in return, her thighs strained, the muscles standing out as she wrapped her legs around him, bearing down as best she could in the vacuum seal. Cassie walked back around the other side of the mirror, noting that other spectators had gathered to watch the young couple fuck in their transparent latex enclosure. From the other side, she could see his back, muscles taut with the effort of driving himself into his partner, oblivious now to the crowd watching. Her fingers were splayed across his ribs, her head tucked against his shoulder, her face contorting as the stirrings of ecstasy rippled through her body.
Her eyes suddenly flicked open, and her partner's body locked rigid for a few seconds before slumping. Still trapped inside the latex, Cassie assumed that he had climaxed, but then his partner moved against him, stimulating him until he resumed his tiny, grinding fucking motions. She had shocked him, taking away his climax and forcing him to keep going, making him redouble his efforts as he plunged as deeply as he could into her waiting, willing entrance.
Her body heaved, struggling for breath, and she thrust her hips against him, her fingertips turning white as she burrowed into his flesh. Her body locked, muscles rigid as a thunderous orgasm ripped through her, but even as she came, her partner's body arched, squirming as her constricting rear entrance delivered pulse after pulse of electricity directly into his core until he was writhing.
The torment seemed to go on and on, her thighs quivering with aftershocks, until she had regained sufficient control of her body to relax her buttocks and give her boyfriend some respite from his torture.
"Spectacular."
The woman was standing beside her now, enraptured by the vision of her playthings cocooned in the shiny latex. "I need one of these at home."
"Tom's happy to take commissions," Cassie replied, but she wasn't really paying attention.
Her thoughts were still on the couple in the mirror frame, snuggled together now. He would have had to know what would happen to him, and yet he did it anyway, for her. There was something about the raw animal nature of their display that had lit a fire deep inside Cassie, a need that begged to be satisfied. Once upon a time, she would have turned to her ex-husband's solid manhood for release, but he was long gone now. She loved her life with Syn but, seeing the young couple together, she had a sudden, unreasoning urge for penetration.
A commotion to her right caught her attention. A small crowd was forming in front of the leather pommel horse. Through the heads, Cassie could make out a top hat. Carefully, she eased her way through, the crowd parting to admit her into a little semi-circle in the middle of the stage. Ally was there, taking Quinn's top hat and waistcoat from him as he stripped off the outer layers of his costume. She turned to the gathered throng.
"Can we get some space?" she asked.
The crowd backed up to each side, revealing Quinn and the pommel horse to everyone on the floor of the club. He leaned over it, allowing Ally to secure him by the wrists to the worn leather. Cassie stood to the side, close to them, watching Quinn's expression as his lover bound first his wrists, and then his waist in leather straps, pinning him in position, bent over with his bottom sticking out. Her final act was to loosen his belt and drop his trousers to his ankles, peeling off his underwear to leave his buttocks uncovered for all to see.
A hush descended on the onlookers as Ally stepped around in front of Quinn, running a hand through his hair. Cassie was close enough to hear the words passing between them.
"You look so beautiful like this, worm, begging to be administered to."
Quinn didn't speak, but his eyes never left hers.
"What punishment do you think you deserve?"
There was a small table to the side. Ally's fingers trailed over the implements arranged there.
"The paddle?"
She caressed the paddle lovingly, cocking an eyebrow at Quinn, but Quinn didn't respond.
"The crop?"
She picked it up, bending it experimentally in her hands. Ally put it down and began to grin.
"Of course, the cane."
Her eyes lit up as she picked up the cane, weighing it in her hand, smiling at the helpless man in front of her. When Quinn shook his head, Cassie saw a flicker of confusion on Ally's face.
"Mistress Candice, you may feel I deserve twelve from the whip," Quinn replied.
The effect on Ally was immediate, the cane freezing in her hand. A strange intense expression came over her face, her cheeks flushing.
"Are you sure, worm?" Ally replied, "You haven't had the whip before."
"I understand that Mistress is skilled in the whip."
They looked at each other for a moment, and Cassie sensed the unspoken negotiation between them. Whatever Quinn was doing, it was having a powerful effect on his lover. A fey smile curved her lips as the regarded him through hooded eyes, her face shining with lust. Slowly, she picked up the whip and uncoiled it, walking slowly around him, trailing the supple leather over his body, brushing his back, playing it over his naked buttocks.
She drew her arm back, pausing for a moment. Quinn braced himself for the impact, closing his eyes. The circle of onlookers was silent.
Ally cracked the whip over his rear, the sharp noise echoing across the stage, accompanied by a loud hiss of breath through clenched teeth as Quinn rode the wave of pain. Cassie's eyes were on Ally, though, seeing the transformation in the homely, affable woman she had come to call a close friend, changed now to a merciless sadist, deriving exquisite pleasure from each blow of the whip across the bottom of her helpless submissive.
The whip cracked again, harder this time, and Quinn cried out in agony. The effect on Ally was immediate, her breath coming in short gasps now. She struck again, making her submissive howl, her teeth grinding together as her eyes fixed on the red weals she was raising on his flesh.
Quinn was counting each stroke, thanking his mistress after each one. Cassie found herself transfixed by the spectacle.
"Eleven," he hissed, "Thank you, Mistress."
Ally raised her hand high, stepping back. The last blow was especially vicious, stinging across Quinn's exposed rear savagely, making him scream in pain. She raised her arm again and the whip hovered there, as if she was ready to continue.
"Thank you Mistress," Quinn groaned, "Thank you for my twelve."
He turned his head to look up at Ally, and eventually she met his eyes. She didn't move, though, rooted to the spot, her lover bound and helpless before her on the pommel horse in front of the entire club, the whip still in her hand.
"Thank you for my twelve," Quinn repeated, and Ally slowly lowered her hand.
Stiffly, she lurched forward, untying the strap around Quinn's wrist. He reached out, wrapping his fingers around her wrist, squeezing gently. Ally paused for a moment before going around to the other side of the horse, mutely unfastening the other straps until Quinn was free to stand up. She stood there in silence as he began to dress himself.
At last he came over to her, reaching down to take the whip from her hand and put it back on the table. Ally looked up at him, saying nothing, her cheeks flushed.
"Thank you, Mistress Candice," Quinn said, "You were spectacular."
The words appeared to rouse her. She blinked.
"May I demonstrate my appreciation?" he asked.
Ally nodded, and Quinn took her face in his hands and kissed her.
"Nothing to say?" he asked.
Ally began to recover, as if surfacing from a dream.
"How did you do that to me?" she whispered.
Quinn smiled. "You're in control Mistress, I am merely your humble worm."
A faint flicker of amusement played across her features, reviving her. "Of course I am. You did so well, worm, taking all that discipline from me."
She looked down at the amber band wrapped around his wrist. She wrapped her fingers around it. Quinn frowned.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
In answer, Ally produced another wristband from her pocket. It was green.
"Free use," she murmured.
Quinn hesitated.
"You know what I'm asking you, Quinn."
Ally glanced over his shoulder, at the throng of people in the club.
"It's your choice," she said.
Quinn's fingers grasped the amber band around his wrist. With a tug, he ripped it away.
"It's not, Mistress. I belong to you, if you want to share me, then it's your decision."
Carefully, Ally wrapped the green band around his wrist, then she leaned forward suddenly, pressing her lips to his in a passionate cinch.
"Good worm," she told him, then hesitated, her expression growing careworn, a little smile playing on her lips.
"Mistress Alena would have been so proud," she said.
Ally stood where she was, her eyes following her man as he made his way off the stage and down through the crowd.
"That's a big step," Cassie murmured, approaching her from behind.
Ally didn't answer immediately, lost in thought. "He's taking big steps. He's going forward in leaps and bounds and I don't want to be the one to stand in his way."
"You're not. You're the reason."
"That's nice of you to say, Cassie, but I'm not sure how much of this is really me. That man has a control over me that I just can't seem to shake. I just hope I live up to his expectations."
Ally shifted on her feet, glancing sideways at Cassie. Cassie understood, seeing the lust that Quinn had kindled in her with the scene on the pommel horse, finally granting her use of the whip. It occurred to her that Quinn was as adept in administering denial to Ally as Ally was to him, keeping his mistress denied and eager, controlling when and how she got to live out her sadistic fantasies.
"What's the matter?" Cassie asked.
"After all that, Quinn has given me a powerful itch to scratch."
Cassie laughed. "Me too. Just seeing everything going on here, it's...."
"You filthy harlot," Ally interjected, "I reckon it's time to do something about it."
She descended the stage, motioning for Cassie to follow her, parting the crowd imperiously in her flowing purple dress. Cassie found herself sucked along in the slipstream, her eyes fixed on Ally's voluptuous hips as she strode boldly into the melee. Ally threaded her way past a woman in a tight white latex skirt with a slightly bored expression, flanked by two tall half-naked men. There were so many people here Cassie had never seen before.
They came to an area that would normally be the entrance to the club from the nightclub next door. Now, the door was locked to keep interlopers out. Where Tony would have been standing had been cleared into a little space with a set of cocktail tables around which a group of people were standing, chatting. Some had drinks, some didn't, and they were a mixture of ages. The only commonality between them was the green wristband on the wrist of every one of them.
"The free use pool," Ally announced, opening her arms wide.
In the middle of the cluster of people, Cassie could see Quinn, towering over a petite redhead dressed in a grey Dormouse costume. He looked up as Ally began to mingle, making her way between them, smiling and nodding. She passed Quinn, who watched her go with a strange expression on his face. His conversation with the Dormouse dried up as his eyes followed his lover as she paraded through the pool, examining what was on offer. Then he saw Cassie, standing on the edge of the group.
A look passed between them, and suddenly she remembered him talking about Alena again in their therapy sessions, her last dark fantasy, her desire to take another man to bed. Ally was doing the same now, openly examining the men on offer, ignoring her partner. Quinn remained stoic, his eyes never wandering from Cassie. Alena had confessed that she would never have gone that far, but Ally was a different proposition. His new mistress was not bound by the same commitments.
A hand appeared on his shoulder, and he turned, looking down at his mistress, regal in her purple gown, a supercilious expression on her face. Quinn instantly bowed, taking her hand and kissing it. She pulled him up, brushing close to whisper to him. Quinn's eyes flicked to Cassie and he nodded.
Cassie watched as they parted, Ally coming towards her while Quinn ducked into the group. He appeared a minute later with another man, also wearing a green band. Ally linked arms with Cassie and directed her towards the open door that led upstairs to the playrooms. Over her shoulder, she saw Quinn and the stranger following close behind.
Ally led her up the stairs and along the corridor to the last room. All the doors were open, and Cassie found herself staring into each as they passed, seeing bodies engaged in all manner of activities in the Wet Room and the Toy Room. The last room housed a huge, ornate four poster bed.
A man was tied securely to one of the posts while another man relieved him. Ally waited patiently for them to finish, then swept into the room, pulling the sheets off the bed and depositing them in a heap in the corner.
"New sheets, worm. Your queen will not lie in squalor," she intoned.
Quinn hurried to comply, pulling fresh sheets from the cupboard and remaking the bed.
"Well trained," Cassie murmured.
"Not my doing," Ally replied, "He was housebroken before he got to me."
Cassie glanced around the room, seeing the other man standing by the bed, watching them.
"Should we shut the door?"
"Can't. Quinn had Cam bolt them open. Safer with an open-door policy," Ally replied, "Though, have you ever been watched...?"
"I, uh, I just never have, um...."
"Then this will be fun."
Cassie caught Ally's arm. "Just, uh, wait."
"What's the matter, Cassie?"
"I've really never...," she stuttered, indicating the four of them hurriedly, "And Quinn. Uh."
The alabaster face stared back at her, and then broke into a smile.
"Mistress Grace," she murmured, "That one is for you, that's why we brought two. I shall be using this one."
Ally gave her an encouraging nod, then dropped her voice to a low whisper, "Privileges of command, Cassie. We're the apex predators, they're the flock. Get to it, girl. Scratch that itch."
"But, Syn...."
Ally laughed, "Syn would tell you the same."
Her expression softened, and her next words were gentle. "Here you are at last, Alice, on the other side of the looking glass. Welcome home."
With that, she turned, moving swiftly to catch Quinn by the collar, forcing him down onto the bed.
"Strip, worm," she growled, "I've had all I can take of your ridiculous fancy dress ideas."
Cassie turned to the other man, watching the way he reacted to her stare. He was shorter than her in her heels, but probably the same height barefoot, built stockily with a buzzcut of sandy blonde hair and a wide, flat face. She was sure that she'd never seen him at the club before. He was wearing leather pants and a matching waistcoat, unbuttoned to show a thickly-muscled chest. His hands were big, like shovels, and his eyes the lightest grey she'd ever seen.
Something stirred in her, and she stepped forward.
"Strip," she ordered, appraising him critically.
He shed his waistcoat quickly and bent over to unfasten his pants. Cassie's stomach clenched to see him simply comply with her command, a perfect stranger obeying her without hesitation. He stripped himself of underwear, standing naked before her, his crotch clean of hair, his substantial manhood firming as she watched.
For some reason, the memory of her first time with Damian resurfaced. She remembered the way she had felt, the nerves, as she watched the man who would become her husband strip himself and prepare to make love to her. There had been a look in his eyes, a connection, setting off a burning need in her too. Even with Aidan, in the back of his car at the lookout, before he'd gone to the other side of the world, she had felt a magnetism drawing her to him. Looking at the stranger, she felt none of that: he was a blank slate.
"Do you have protection?" she asked.
He didn't reply, but moved over to a bowl on the table next to the bed and picked out a condom.
"Shall I, or do you prefer to do it?" he asked, "Mistress?"
They were the first words he'd said, and she found his voice to be low and melodious.
"Do it," Cassie replied, "Then get on the bed."
He moved to comply. Cassie was aware of movement behind her, and realised that she would be sharing the bed with Ally and Quinn. Ally had stripped off and was lying on her back, looking up expectantly at her partner. Cassie unfastened her pinafore and struggled to reach behind herself to unzip her dress. Eventually, she gave up and looked at the stranger.
"Unzip me," she ordered, turning her back on him.
A hand tugged at the zip, and she felt the tight blue latex dress loosen around her body. She peeled it down, feeling the pinpricks of cold as she exposed the moisture on skin that had been imprisoned under latex for hours. She hadn't worn anything underneath, and she stepped out of the clinging dress to stand by the bed in just her thigh high white latex stockings. She met the man's eyes and saw the passion she had engendered within him by stripping bare.
His substantial manhood was sheathed and rock hard, standing solidly out from his crotch. Cassie's eyes fell to it, and an inexplicable thrill shuddered through her. Quinn had picked him especially for her, a gift and an act of grace. But, he was longer than Damian and thicker, making Cassie suddenly doubt herself.
"Mistress," he said, "Tell me what you would like me to do."
The nerves fluttered in her tummy, and she found herself stalling. Quinn had taken his place between the thighs of his mistress, lapping against her slit as she made soft moaning sounds. The man looked from Quinn and then back to Cassie, making her stomach flip. She froze, staring at him.
"My name is Sean," he rumbled, "I'm an accountant."
He smiled warmly, and for some reason it made Cassie feel more at ease.
"I'm meant to be playing squash tonight but I turned it down to be at your service, Mistress. Just let me know how far you want me to go."
Breathlessly, Cassie found herself taking her position on the bed next to Ally. She parted her legs, looking across at Quinn and then back to Sean. He remained standing. Cassie lifted her chin and the nerves seemed to dissolve, replaced by a tingle of excitement.
"Begin."
He took his place between her legs, running his hands along her latex stockings, reaching the tops, his fingers caressing the soft flesh of her inner thighs. She didn't move or react as he brushed a thumb carefully over her labia, stroking her slit. His eyes flicked up from her crotch to her face, and she nodded. He bent down.
Cassie braced herself for the touch of his lips against her pussy, but when he made contact she couldn't supress a tremor that passed through her entire body. She closed her eyes, her attention focused on the sensation of his tongue seeking between her folds to touch the hardening nub of her clit. When that contact came, she squirmed, feeling herself moistening, her nerves suddenly a distant memory.
She sank back into the sheets, feeling the tension seeping out of her as she finally began to let go of the turmoil of the last few weeks. It felt surreal, to be stretched out on the bed in a playroom of the Lost and Found with Ally, enjoying the tender attentions of a stranger with phenomenal oral skills. She knew he was going to fuck her, because she knew she would order him to fuck her, and he would comply because she was in command. She reached down to run a hand through his short-cropped hair.
As he buried his questing tongue inside her, making her gasp with the exquisite sensation, something happened in her head. The woman with her legs apart wearing glossy latex stockings, her hand pressing the face of a man she had chosen for sex against her sopping pussy, looked back at her old self, the housewife and mother-of-two, and no longer felt like an imposter. Old Cassie, meek and compliant, desperate to satisfy her husband and save her marriage even as he cheated on her, began to fade. This was where Cassie really belonged, she realised with a sudden moment of perfect clarity. Here, among these people, she had finally earned the right to live in this world with them, with all of them, taking her place. A long way through the looking glass, indeed.
She pulled gently, bringing Sean's head up. He understood, and began to plant a trail of kisses up over her waxed mons, over her stomach to her breasts. He dallied there, taking her nipples in turn, sucking and teasing them until each flick of his tongue seemed to echo between her legs, deep in her folds, in her throbbing clit.
He shifted again and then paused. She met his eyes, lost for a moment in the grey, the eyes of a wolf. Wordlessly, he pressed his erection against her crotch, parting her and inching inside.
Cassie gasped, feeling herself being parted by something monstrous. He pulled out again and she felt a surge of relief. He was watching her closely now, appraising her, as he bore forward again.
"Is that okay?" he murmured.
"Uh huh," Cassie whispered, suddenly lost for words as he began to slide into her again.
He pushed further this time and she gasped, clutching his arms. He pulled out.
"Are you sure?"
She nodded. "It's just... it's been a while."
He paused. "But you want to?"
"Very much," Cassie gasped.
"Okay. Let me know. I'll take it steady."
The pressure built up again, but then the sensation steadied and Cassie felt herself relax. He was bigger than Damian, more substantial, but not enormous. Her body was coming to terms with the familiar feelings after having spent so long now with Syn.
Sean withdrew, but then immediately pushed forward again, slipping further into her. She forced herself to relax, spreading her legs wider to accommodate him, relishing the friction of his engorged head as it penetrated her. He adjusted his hips and she felt a deep, powerful thrill as he withdrew, his tip rubbing now against the little sensitive spot on her inner wall. She opened her eyes to see him smiling. She smiled back, her eyes fluttering closed again.
Beside her, there were low moaning sounds and the feeling of weight shifting on the bed. She reached out a hand and felt fingers curl around hers, clasping her hand tightly.
"So good," Ally hissed.
Sean slid into her again, steadily. Cassie expected him to stop, but this time he kept going, probing deeper inside her until she began to feel him fill her in a way that Damian never had, stretching her until she had taken all of the offered cock within. Cassie felt the brush of his scrotum against her skin as he sank the last of his length into her.
She clenched around him instinctively, feeling him pulse and swell in reply, filling her completely. When he withdrew, she groaned in protest, feeling suddenly empty. Sean pushed into her again, faster this time, making her catch her breath, then withdrew. He built up a careful, steady cadence, forcing her passage to distend to take him in, finding it easier with each stroke as he became slippery with her juices.
Cassie felt Ally's hand in hers, squeezing her fingers in time with the thrusts of her lover, and she found herself responding in the same rhythm, squeezing herself around Sean's member as he thrust into her. In answer, he picked up the pace, synchronising with her motions, pounding into her now as she relaxed to accommodate him. She didn't open her eyes, listening to him grunt with each stroke, finding his own pleasure in entering her body.
It felt, easy, uncomplicated, as the first tremors of her climax began to stir deep inside her loins. Sean seemed to detect the change in her, driving faster now, building her up to the edge. Each thrust triggered a wave of bliss, enjoying the simple act of sex.
Sean was sensitive to her reactions, changing angle to simulate her, or pulling his strokes if she was building too fast. She let him take charge, way past the point of caring now about titles or power dynamics. He played her expertly, bringing her to the brink and then slowing as she groaned in protest, then increasing his pace again until she began to mewl in ecstasy, her orgasm tantalisingly close.
She opened her eyes, staring up at him. "Fuck me," she growled, "I want to cum."
The words sounded foreign in her ears, spoken by someone else, but her lover complied without hesitation, shifting his position again so that when he began to drive into her, each stroke brought a searing wave of ecstasy that shook her. She cried out, feeling her body tense and her muscles lock. She bit her lip to stifle a cry, forgetting to breathe.
Deep inside her, Sean's manhood twitched and pulsed, and she realised he was cumming hard, thrusting violently into her now, his tempo ragged and uneven as he buried himself in her. The violence of his ejaculation, the thrill of knowing that her body caused that in him, the unbearable tension in her core and the savage, unrelenting friction of his cock, all combined, tipping her howling over the edge of a tremendous orgasm. She shuddered around him, even as he continued to thrust, his efforts becoming smaller now as his passion waned. He slid into her all the way and halted, buried up to his hilt. She felt him gasping for breath and she realised her own body was burning for air also.
Ally's hand crushed hers, grinding the bones together, and Cassie was dimly aware of her friend making high, keening sounds as she came next to her on the bed. Cassie closed her eyes, letting the aftershocks of her orgasm wash over her.
After an indeterminate time, Cassie felt Ally's grip loosen. Sean pulled out of her and she heard movement around her. Opening her eyes, she saw both men kneeling between the legs of their women, erections dwindling, eyes downcast, legs parted in a display pose.
Ally coughed and cleared her throat. "You may go," she croaked.
Silently, both men climbed off the bed and stooped to retrieve their clothing. They turned and filed out of the room, leaving Cassie and Ally lying hand in hand on the bed.
"That's how it should be. Use them and lose them," Ally said.
Cassie looked across at her.
"Am I right?" Ally prompted.
Cassie didn't reply. She couldn't. There was still a part of her brain lost in the afterglow of her orgasm.
"Oh Cassie," Ally laughed, "Look at you."
"Yeah, look at me," Cassie echoed.
Ally rolled onto her side and planted a kiss on Cassie's cheek.
"Don't get started again," Ally cautioned, "That was just me being friendly."
"I...."
"Now I know what an absolute sex goddess you are, I think I just needed to make that clear, before you started to work your charms on me."
"Sex goddess?"
Ally laughed again. "Shit Cassie, they probably heard you downstairs."
Cassie gaped at her friend.
"Quinn picks good, hey? That man is an endless revelation. Now, get up, get dressed. If someone sees us lying like this it's gonna start an orgy, red wristbands be damned."
---
Downstairs, after mopping herself up in the room's ensuite and getting dressed again, Cassie found Tony. He was standing at one end of the bar, talking to a slim woman with long jet-black hair.
"C'mon, whatdya think?" the woman was saying.
Tony laughed. "I think fuck off."
"Don't be like that, we could have some real fun."
"Look, I'd probably rip you in two. Then the missus would rip me in two when I got home. They'd be lucky to find all the pieces."
He glanced up, still grinning.
"Cassie," he said, turning away from the other woman.
Cassie watched her pout and then retreat, casting backwards looks at the bulky doorman as she went.
"How's it going?" Cassie asked.
"Busy. Real busy. My cuz is on the door, I called him up when I saw the crowds. Hope you don't mind."
He looked across the sea of people.
"Honestly, Cassie, I didn't think there were that many people in the whole city. Where are they coming from?"
"Everywhere."
"Yeah. Huh."
"You concerned?"
"Dunno. It feels like it's starting to kick up a gear, but it's not your typical crowd. I guess we'll see what the boss thinks, eh."
"Seen her?"
"Yeah, somewhere around. She's hard to miss in that costume. She parts the crowd like Moses."
"I guess."
Tony hesitated for a moment.
"What?" Cassie asked.
"Nothing," Tony grunted.
"What? Really?"
"I dunno, Cassie," Tony rumbled, "I just... it's good to see her back. I was in fucking tears until you called from the hospital, eh."
Cassie rested a hand on the big man's arm. After a moment, he shrugged it off.
"Gonna make a sweep of the floor," he said, and lumbered off into the crowd.
Cassie picked up another tonic from the bar and wandered over to the table in the middle of the floor. The man and the woman were still suspended above in their harnesses, crotches exposed and wreathed in fairy lights, but the food was gone and the crockery had been cleared, making way for a scattering of half-filled drink glasses. The centre of the table was empty, which meant Tom had released Hayley from her latex confinement at some point while Cassie had been upstairs. Tony was right, though, the crowd was still building. It was almost as if the Lost and Found understood its fate and had put the call out itself to everyone to come and witness its demise.
For a moment, she thought of Harvey, of the way his memory was etched into the walls. Would she have done the same as Syn, if she had been in the same position? Cassie found that she didn't have a good answer, standing in the middle of the place that he and Syn had built from nothing with their bare hands.
There was a flicker of movement, and Cassie found herself watching Adam at the far end of the table, standing behind the high back of an ornate chair. His hands were close to his face, his expression serious, despite the long white rabbit ears. She followed his line of sight to discover Eve in the middle of a crowd of people, still dressed in the black and orange cat costume. She stroked her chin, and then made a set of signs, shrugging. Adam grinned, signed back to her and Eve began to make her way to the door that led upstairs, her tail swishing behind her.
Cassie sipped her tonic, watching them both. In the midst of the hullabaloo, they had made an arrangement. An idea had formed in the White Rabbit's head and the Cheshire Cat, his partner in crime, had disappeared to fetch supplies. Cassie had no doubt that things were about to get very interesting.
Adam approached the centre of the table, pulling a chair close so that he could stand on it to climb up onto the table. He placed a hand on the thickly-muscled leg of the dark-skinned man suspended above, turning the suspended couple around, murmuring to each of them in turn, their heads level with his. The man nodded his head to the question, then Adam turned until the woman was facing him. She paused for a moment and then nodded too.
Adam removed her hood, letting a dazzling torrent of copper-coloured hair spill over her pale shoulders and hang down around her face. He spun them around again gently, until he was holding the man's head in his hands. He stripped off his hood too, revealing a shining dome of ebony skin and dark eyes. Adam said something, and the suspended man's face broke out into a wide smile.
Eve appeared with a storage box that she set down on the table by Adam's feet. Cassie watched as Adam bent down to pop open the lid and rummage around for what he needed. Around the table, people were beginning to take notice.
Adam selected a set of wrist cuffs and nodded to Eve, who disappeared into the crowd again. When she returned, she was leading a woman who Cassie had never seen before by the hand. The woman was dressed in a tank top that barely covered her ample breasts, and a PVC microskirt. She was wearing a green wristband. There was an exchange of words as the woman looked from Eve to Adam to the figures suspended above the table. Adam held out his hand and helped her climb up to stand with him.
There was a little pool of quiet now, in the middle of the throng, faces turned towards the table. Adam secured the wrist cuffs to the woman's arms, then pointed at the two dangling figures, as if giving her a choice. She nodded towards the dark-skinned man and Adam secured her wrists to his thigh straps, arranging her so that her head was between his splayed legs, her face close to his genitals.
Eve had found another volunteer, a young man wearing nothing more than a pair of leather shorts and army boots, his close-cropped hair swept back from a lean, angular face with styling gel laced with glitter. He was also wearing a green wristband. There was a brief conversation, and then he was secured in place, bound to the thigh straps of the suspended woman, standing back-to-back with the other volunteer in the middle of the table.
Adam jumped down and picked up longer straps. He secured them around the thighs of each volunteer and then retrieved two sets of wrist cuffs, dangling them theatrically in the air. A man stepped forward from the crowd approaching one side of the table, looking up at the young man in the leather shorts. Deftly, Adam removed the volunteer's shorts, exposing his manhood, then asked the newcomer to kneel on the table, his feet hanging over the edge. Eve was mirroring Adam on the other side of the table, positioning an older man between the legs of the female volunteer, rolling up her skirt to expose her pussy. Each were secured in place, wrists strapped to thighs, heads between the legs of the volunteers standing over them.
Cassie watched Adam and Eve as they worked, securing more volunteers in the same way, using wrist cuffs and thigh straps. The next pair, both men, were bound on the floor in a kneeling position between the legs of the volunteers kneeling on the table, who were now stripped to present bare crotches to the newcomers. Eve disappeared into the crowd again and emerged some time later holding hands with a pair of women in matching corsets and fishnet tights, hair done up immaculately in the same style, with matching striped caps. Their makeup was done to blank out their features, with a splash of colour on their cheeks and bright blue mascara, giving them the appearance of identical twins. The corset of one girl had the letter T on the front, the other a D.
Silently, they allowed themselves to be cuffed and led beneath the table. Adam and Eve set to work, securing the latest volunteers' wrists to the thigh straps of the two men kneeling on either side of the table. Eve retrieved a long, glossy red object from the storage box and ducked under the table. Curious, Cassie leaned over to watch what Eve was doing beneath.
She positioned the two women back-to-back, binding them together with a length of rope wrapped around their thighs. She left enough slack to separate their bottoms, teasing their panties to one side and began to feed one end of the double dildo carefully into each woman. She patted them both on their buttocks and retreated.
The women began to make tiny motions, rocking back and forth on the gleaming red rubber intrusion between them. Gradually, they began to work the dildo in further, until at last their bottoms touched, taking the entire length into them, setting up a steady cadence as they withdrew and plunged back down onto the toy. Each woman opened her mouth at the same time, taking the cocks of the men they were shackled to between their lips.
Utterly enthralled, Cassie watched the two kneeling men lean into the crotches of the man and woman in front of them, repeating the process. In turn, the two seated volunteers turned their faces up to give attention to the crotches of the two standing over them. Finally, the man and woman standing in the middle of the table began to give oral to the suspended pair wrapped in fairy lights.
Eve stood up. Adam went up behind her, wrapping his arms around her and murmuring something in her ear. Eve smiled, nodding. They watched their creation as it began to writhe and pulse, dictated by the pace of the twin dolls kneeling on the ground beneath the table, slapping their thighs together in a steady rhythm.
Cassie felt a hand on her shoulder and looked up to see Syn standing by her chair. She looked down at Cassie, smiling, then back up to the sculpture of undulating flesh wrapped around the table.
The woman standing on the table in the microskirt was the first to succumb, thighs quivering as her climax crested, making her redouble her efforts on the cock of the man suspended above her, her cheeks hollowed with powerful suction as she took him deep into her mouth. Dangling above her, looking down at the cascade of writhing bodies beneath him, his bald pate beading with perspiration, the man suddenly convulsed, his abdominals locking in sharp relief, depositing his load into the waiting throat of the woman bound to his crotch. Her jaws worked convulsively, swallowing his cum, her thighs quivering again at the insistent attention of the mouth locked over her pussy, bringing her to her second climax.
One by one, each part of the sculpture began to quiver and twitch as the entwined bodies found their release at the ministrations of the mouths working on them. Beneath the table, Tweedle-dum and Tweedle-dee came in unison, little screams from under the table, fuelling a desperate need to bring the cocks in their mouths to climax.
Cassie watched in awestruck fascination as the orgasm in one part of the sculpture rippled through the rest of the seething, tangled mass of flesh, until each was twitching and groaning, abandoning themselves to the act, no longer individuals but a superorganism locked in an endless orgasmic cycle.
The standing girl was the first to break off, pulling away from the mouth below her and letting the cock above her slide out from between her lips. It dangled over her face, drooling the last vestiges of cum across her lips as she panted, gasping for air. One by one, the cycle broke, the unified flesh breaking down again into individual people. Silently, Adam and Eve began the work of dismantling their creation, untying wrists, letting bodies stretch and separate.
At last, after each person had dissolved back into the massed throng of spectators, and the straps were back in their storage box, Adam drew Eve into his arms and kissed her.
"Like I said to you before," Syn chuckled into Cassie's ear, "There's more that crosses their minds in a day than a lot of people have in a lifetime."
Cassie got up. "Do you want my chair?" she asked.
"Why? Do I look like I'm about to drop?"
"I just meant if you wanted to sit for a while."
"I've been sitting all night. I must have covered all the booths," Syn replied, "At least the ones where people weren't otherwise occupied."
She cocked an elegant eyebrow. "Honestly, they are all fucking. The booths, the back of the stage, even under the table."
"Shall I get Tony to do a sweep?"
"What on Earth for? This is just like the old days."
Syn paused, her hand alighting on the side of Cassie's neck, a wistful look in her eyes.
"Have you been enjoying yourself, Alice?" Syn asked, "Now you've seen the delights of our little Wonderland?"
"I always thought," Cassie replied, "That I wouldn't want to go among mad people."
"Oh, well quoted," Syn chuckled, "But you see Alice, you can't help that. We're all mad here."
She seemed to turn sombre for a moment but then brightened, giving Cassie's shoulder a little squeeze.
"Can we go up to my office?" she asked.
"Of course."
Syn strode forward, not bothering to negotiate her way through the throng. It was as Tony had described. They parted before the red queen: the incomparable sovereign of Wonderland had returned.
Upstairs, the corridor was filled with people spilling out of the playrooms in various states of undress, calling out loudly to one another. Cassie unlocked the office door and they slipped inside.
She closed the door behind them and turned the lock, suddenly buffeted by the quiet. Syn drifted over to the chaise longue and collapsed onto it.
"Would you like a drink?" Cassie asked.
"A whiskey, please, that would be lovely. You know where it is?"
Cassie nodded, retrieving the whiskey from the drawer of the solid office desk and collecting a pair of glass tumblers from the shelf. She poured a measure into each glass.
"Cheers," Cassie said.
"Cheers to you, Cassidy. Cheers to you."
Syn sipped the whiskey and frowned.
"What's the matter? Doesn't it taste right?"
"I'm just remembering the last time I drank whiskey on this couch."
Cassie settled down next to her, rubbing the other woman's leg through her dress.
"I'm sorry if this is all too much. We can get out of here if you want. I think we've done enough."
Syn contemplated her glass in silence. When she faced Cassie, her expression was clouded. All at once, she finished off the last of her drink and snapped the red wristband off her wrist. Getting to her feet, she went into the boudoir.
When Syn reappeared, she was holding something behind her back.
"I think I disagree," she announced, "I don't think we've done nearly enough. Not yet."
"Syn, please. Let me take you home."
"Not yet, I said."
Cassie heaved herself upright, feeling the fatigue of the night beginning to catch up with her.
"What, then?" she asked.
In reply, Syn showed her what she was holding. In one hand was her collar, and coiled tightly in her other hand was a leash. Her eyes locked on Cassie. Cassie looked down at Syn's hands, and it was only then that she noticed a new wristband on her arm. It was green.
"Are you sure?" Cassie asked.
"More than anything," Syn replied.
"There's no way back."
"I know."
Cassie regarded the older woman without speaking. Muffled, rowdy sounds rumbled from the corridor, but between the two women there was only silence.
Cassie reached out and took the offered items. "Kneel," she instructed.
Syn knelt in front of her, tilting her head back to expose her throat. Cassie fastened the collar in place and then clipped the leash to the silver ring set in the soft black leather. She gave the leash a little tug and Syn got to her feet. Without further comment, Cassie led the other woman to the office door, unlocked it and stepped out into the corridor.
The effect was immediate on those nearest them. They stopped and stared at the sight of Alice leading a humbled Queen by her leash down the stairs. At the bottom, Cassie paused again, turning to Syn.
"Last chance," Cassie murmured, as they lurked inside the doorway, "This time, I will do it."
Next to her, Syn was utterly silent, staring through the doorway at the oblivious sea of people, revelling in the mayhem of the final night of the Lost and Found. Finally, she turned to Cassie.
"So, this is how it all ends," Syn muttered.
"The last chapter of the legend," Cassie replied.
Syn faced the crowd again, her expression unreadable.
"It's all we leave behind," Cassie recited, quoting Syn's own words back to her, "When one day we are gone."
When Syn looked back to her, her eyes were bright and fierce. She raised her chin defiantly.
Cassie stepped out onto the floor of the Lost and Found with Syn on her leash. A ripple passed out from them through the crowd as people stopped. Cassie recognised faces, saw their surprise, and gradually the clamour around them stilled, the silence radiating outwards from where Cassie stood with Syn on her leash.
Wrapping the leash around her fist, Cassie pulled Syn closer to her, until she was held tightly in Cassie's grip. Cassie leaned towards her and delivered a kiss. Then, she tugged the leash down, forcing Syn to kneel.
Cassie felt herself trembling, knowing that Syn could feel it too through the tension of the leash. She swallowed hard and cleared her throat.
"Good girl," Cassie murmured.
She began to hitch up the hem of her dress, exposing the white tops of her latex stockings, revealing the smooth skin of her thighs, and then finally the pink folds of her pussy, the glint of the little white gold ring embedded within.
"How humiliating," she continued, "The mighty Madame Syn, reduced to this, on your knees in front of everyone you know."
Cassie caressed the kneeling woman's cheek, watching the grey-blue eyes flicker from Cassie's face to the waiting folds of her pussy.
"Do you want to show your appreciation to your Mistress?"
Syn leaned closer, but Cassie stopped her, tightening the leash.
"I didn't hear you."
"Yes Mistress," Syn mumbled, "Please let me demonstrate my appreciation."
"Louder. I want everyone to hear you."
Syn hesitated, closing her eyes. For a moment, Cassie thought Syn would just stop, but then those ice-blue eyes flickered open again, locking onto Cassie's face. When she spoke her voice rang out across the floor.
"Please let me demonstrate my devotion to you, Mistress."
"Good girl."
Cassie slackened the leash and braced herself for the contact of Syn's lips on her crotch. Syn was delicate, delivering feathery butterfly kisses to her labia. Cassie could feel the eyes watching their display, but it didn't matter. Here, now, it felt like Syn was the only person in the entire world, kneeling with her eyes closed and her lips pursed, pleasing her Mistress.
"You were wrong, you see," Cassie told her, "I can command you after all. I own you now. You belong to me, for good."
She let Syn pay delicate attention to her, relishing the feeling. It felt like electricity coursing through her, it thrilled her to have Syn subservient at her feet, but more than that, it felt unwavering, a bond between them that was steadfast, able to survive against all challenges.
With a little tug, Cassie pulled Syn back to her feet and smoothed the slick blue latex dress back into place, covering her crotch. She wiped Syn's lips with her thumb, brushing away moisture, and kissed her. Syn's eyes fluttered for a moment, blinking rapidly, her breath coming quickly as Cassie slipped her tongue into the other woman's waiting mouth.
Cassie pulled back, breaking contact. She reached up and unclipped the leash from Syn's collar.
"Free use," Cassie breathed, watching her lover's cheeks colouring with arousal, "You're free."
Syn straightened up, setting her shoulders and turning towards the sea of faces watching them. The green band fluttered around her wrist. She stalked forward, her graceful frame poised exquisitely, her hips swaying seductively in her tight red dress, the stiletto heels of her boots ringing out on the floor. The crowd parted before her, opening up to welcome her elegant form, then surging around her, swallowing her up completely.
Cassie lost sight of her then, subsumed into the throng of bodies, watching the woman she knew she loved finally abandoning herself to her true nature.
---
[Next chapter: after the party, a reckoning and surprise guests.
Follow me for updates to this and my other stories. If you like what you read, please leave a comment or a star rating. Constructive feedback is always welcome. If you want further adventures, or to check out my other stories,my story page is here]