I woke up curled around Megan's naked form. Her slow breathing telling me she was still asleep. I carefully extracted myself from her and admired her naked form again. I went to the toilet and cleaned up. Putting on a pair of jocks and a t-shirt I went out to the kitchen to put the kettle on and perhaps think about making some breakfast. As I walked around the corner I nearly jumped out of my skin. There was Dad sitting at the table drinking a cup of coffee.
"Jesus Dad! You scared the shit out of me."
He smiled up at me.
"Not literally I hope."
I laughed, I really enjoyed the silly banter when it was just the two of us.
"Nearly, it was a close call."
After the initial shock wore off and my heartbeat returned to a somewhat normal level I noticed there was something different about Dad. It took me a moment to put my finger on it but once I did it really surprised me. He looked relaxed. He wasn't looking around him as though he was about to get into trouble for something.
"You got here early, you must have left in the middle of the night."
"Yeah I left pretty early but I wasn't sleeping anyway and I figured what better things have I got to do?"
"I'm sure Mum would find something."
"Hmm yeah well."
I sensed I had hit a nerve but didn't push it and Dad didn't immediately elaborate. There was a strange sort of silence as I made breakfast. As I sat down Dad turned to me with a serious look on his face.
"Nate, we need to have a serious talk about something."
"Okay, Dad. Is everything alright?"
"Well, not really but it will be okay."
"What's going on?"
"Well you know things haven't been happy at home for a while and I just got to the point where I couldn't take it any more. I couldn't stand what it was doing to you, or me."
There was a pause as he took a deep, steadying, breath. A part of me already knew what was coming though. The strange thing was that I wasn't at all upset about it.
"Nate, I have decided that I want a divorce from your mother and I have moved out."
The silence in the room that followed that sentence was deafening.
"Oh ... okay. Are you alright?"
"I'm okay. Are you alright though? This must be a shock for you."
"Actually it's not really Dad. I'm kind of happy for you to be honest."
His eyebrows nearly hit his hairline in surprise.
"Oh. Okay. Alright then. Are you sure you're alright?"
"I really am Dad. So where are we moving too?"
I know it sounds harsh but I just assumed that I would be moving out with Dad. The thought of staying there with Mum didn't even enter my mind. I should probably be ashamed of that but it was just the reality, besides I doubted that Mum would want me there anyway.
"How about we sort all that out when you come home, Nate. You will need to talk all this over with mum regardless of what happens okay."
Now that will be a fun conversation I thought.
"Yes, Dad."
The smell of coffee and the sound of conversation had obviously stirred Megan as I heard her coming out of the bedroom. I was sitting at the table facing away from the door so I didn't realise until she had entered the room that Megan was still completely naked. To my absolute shock, Dad just smiled and Megan threw her arms around him in greeting.
"Hey Bro, You got here early."
"Oh Megan, you sure are a sight for sore eyes."
My jaw must have been swinging at this point as they both looked at me and laughed.
"Don't stress Nate. I am more than used to seeing my baby sister naked. Couldn't keep clothes on her as a kid. Most kids grow out of it as teenagers but not this one."
Megan let go of Dad and walked over to the kettle to make herself a cup of coffee. Dad was blatantly checking her out.
"Still got a fantastic ass too I see."
Megan smiled and sort of looked over her shoulder as though looking at it herself.
"It is pretty good, isn't it. Nate certainly likes it."
I could have died right then. I just wanted the earth to swallow me up and it showed on my face.
"Ah Nate, don't stress about it. I know what my sister is like, Hell it's part of the reason I wanted you to come down here. Get yourself an education."
I was shocked to say the least but not as much as when Megan went and sat on her brothers lap to drink her coffee. I felt a weird mixture of shock and jealousy and I had to go and try to figure my feelings out so I went to find all my clothes and pack them into my bag.
I guess this explained so much. If mum had even the vaguest inkling of the relationship between Dad and Megan then I'm not surprised at all that she didn't like Megan. Not that I condoned the way she hated her and as far as I knew nothing had happened between them once Dad and Mum got married but Mum was not one to take something like this lightly. Even if it was just a completely unsubstantiated rumour, she would have believed it. That's just who she was, always believing the worst of people.
The rest of the day was a weird mixture of emotions. I found that I was beginning to look forward to getting home to my friends and of course Naomi. For the first time since arriving at Megan's house, I felt a twinge of regret. Naomi and I hadn't officially decided to have a relationship or even to start dating yet but there was an unspoken thing between us that the possibility was there. It had been sealed with a single kiss the day I left. I hadn't cheated on her but I felt for the first time that it was a close thing.
I spent a good hour talking to Naomi later that morning and Dad and Megan were wonderful in letting me have that time alone on the phone with her. Again nothing was said about the possibility of a relationship but I felt closer to her after that conversation. I guess I knew it was heading in that direction now. I was no longer filled with self-doubt and I found myself beginning to imagine doing with Naomi the things I had done with Megan.
Before we left I wanted to thank Megan, not just for having me there but for everything she had taught me. I waited until Dad was busy elsewhere though as I wanted this to be between just us.
"Megan?"
"Yeah?"
"This sounds kind of silly but I just wanted to say thank-you. You know, not just for having me here and feeding me but well... you know. For teaching me things."
Megan smiled.
"Believe me it was my pleasure, Nate."
"I hope so."
"Oh it very much was but listen, Nate, we need to discuss the white elephant in the room."
"Hmmm okay?"
"Naomi."
"Oh, yeah."
"Now I can see that you are having serious misgivings."
I hung my head.
"Is it that obvious?"
"Oh yeah. There's something I want you to know."
"Okay."
"You have absolutely nothing to be feeling guilty about. You are not in a relationship with her yet, although I suspect you will be very soon."
"Yeah, it looks that way."
"Right, Do you want my opinion on all of this?"
I thought about it for a few seconds then nodded.
"My wish is that you take everything you have learned here these past few weeks and everything that you have taught me and apply those incredible skills with that lucky girl. I never really planned for any of this to happen but I do not regret it for one second. You have made me feel so alive and desired that the only regret I will have is if you don't make that girl feel as good as you have made me feel."
I looked up into her eyes to make sure she wasn't just toying with me.
"Really? I definitely made you feel that good?"
"Don't you see Nate? That is your superpower. You care more about making your partner feel incredible than your own pleasure. You have learned the secret to being a brilliant lover without even trying because it is just who you are. You make me feel beautiful and sexy and desirable."
I felt myself blushing at this high praise.
"Well I am glad I could make you feel that good Megan but you got something a bit wrong."
"What's that?"
"It's not a matter of trying to make you feel those things. I'm not trying to trick you into feeling that so that you will make love to me. I made you feel those things because it's the truth and you are just seeing yourself through my eyes. You are beautiful, sexy and desirable. That's just a fact."
"See. That's exactly what I mean."
Megan stood up and hugged me. I hugged her to my chest feeling her against me felt so right.
The drive home with Dad was one of very mixed emotions. I was excited to be getting home to Naomi. I felt really good about things with her now. At the same time, I was sad to be leaving Megan. I was really happy to be spending time with just Dad. It seemed like it had been years since we got to spend time together, just the two of us but at the same time, the closer we got to home the more I was dreading actually arriving. I knew Mum would not be pleased about this at all.