The next few seconds seemed to pass in slow motion. The words I'd just said to my brother, "You can pull your panties up now", just seemed wrong and misplaced. Maybe I should have used the word, "underwear", but, the fact of the matter is that Ted was indeed wearing panties.
While I waited for him to react to my instructions, I turned my attention back to his throbbing erection and just stared at it as it pointed up at me. Somehow, I was able to hold myself back from reaching out and grasping his engorged penis with both my hands and sliding my mouth over the head of his perfect cock. And, in those few seconds before he finally reached down and pulled his panties up, I visualized myself doing just that -- hungrily devouring his phallus and sucking the life out of his impressive tool as he stood in front of me.
If you would have told me twenty four hours ago that I'd be fixating and lusting over my own brother's penis, I'd probably have slapped you silly. The thought of it would have revolted me. But, something happened to me since Kate's initial phone call and I started to think about my brother, Ted, being the doctor for Shannon's medical fantasy.
Ted was obviously the most likely person to fill the role of the doctor in Shannon's fantasy. After all, he'd been dropping hints and bugging me repeatedly about his interest and desire to play gynecologist. He's asked me endless questions about the female body, and when Kate first told me about her friend, Shannon, and Shannon's fantasy to be examined in an overtly, and extreme sexual manner, of course I thought of my brother.
Then, as I exchanged emails with Shannon, I began to piece together visions in my mind of how it might happen and what might transpire in Shannon's fantasy. I thought about so many things -- I thought about him touching her and even about him fucking her right in front of me. The whole thing got me hot and excited, and it led to me creating my own fantasies, and that's when I started thinking about Ted's cock. Not as in Ted 'my brother', but as in Ted 'the nasty doctor'.
Its funny how the events that play out in our sub-conscious can affect the reality of our every day lives, and the images and visions in my head stemming from Shannon's fantasy had fueled by own longing. So now, as my own brother stood in front of me with his panties down around his knees and his throbbing erection swaying no more than a few inches away from my face, I was completely ready to set aside my feelings on incest and act on my desires with his magnificent cock.
But, please don't judge me too harshly. I ask that for two reasons: 1) My professional life doesn't leave too much time for dating and socializing. And, 2) I wasn't thinking of fucking my brother. Banish the thought of that ever happening.
What I wanted, though, was to have his cock. I wanted to watch his penis go from soft to hard knowing I was the one in control of it. I wanted to have this perfect specimen of a man available to me for my enjoyment. I'd have him strip and expose himself to me...... I'd touch him for hours, feeling him everywhere, and yes -- I'd have him masturbate for me. Oh, Gawd yes! I'd have him do it repeatedly -- as often as he got hard...... I'd have him stand in front of me and stroke himself right in front of my eyes until he spurted his cum all over the place, and then I'd have him do it again as soon as he could get hard.
On the flip side, I was totally ashamed of myself for something else -- something more sinister and something perhaps more kinky, and that was Ted's apparent interest in wearing panties. I had to admit to myself that the thought of it excited me to no end. I loved the way my brother's ass and cock looked dressed in my panties. And I loved the change in Ted the instant his jeans came off. He was so docile and so submissive. It made me feel powerful and superior to my brother, and I felt the beginnings of a power shift between Ted and I.
There was something mysterious that attracted me to this panty thing, and the idea of having that perfect cock available to me in and out of panties -- which would be determined simply by my desires, moods or by my spoken words..... that's something I was interested in. That's something I wanted!
Sadly, the internal justifications I was making to myself for my own actions and perverted desires came to an end as Ted reached down and pulled his panties up. I couldn't help but smile when he wiggled his cute butt as he pulled them up and tried in vain to adjust the yellow panties to cover his erection. Ted saw me smiling and for the first time since I'd lost my temper with him as we were sitting at the kitchen table, he smiled shyly back at me.
"Don't worry about it." I giggled to my brother. "They won't be on very long, anyway."
Then thinking better of it, I reached out and helped him adjust his panties, finally settling them in place with the head of his hard cock sticking out over the elastic waistband.
"Turn around." I said, softly. "Let me see the back."
Ted did as I asked, and once he turned and his tight buns were right in front of me, my desires took over and the next thing I knew, both of my hands were on his ass and I was feeling him. "Ted," I moaned, "these look so good on you."
"They fit you perfectly." I said. "Really, Ted, they look absolutely perfect."
I indulged myself as he stood in front of me, feeling the way the material gently clung to his buns and when my hands drifted down to the globes of his ass, he shuffled his feet apart as if he was giving me permission to check the fit of his panties between his legs. So without another thought, I did just that - sliding my hand, palm up between his legs and felt the way the silky panties held his balls.
Then, without me asking, he shuffled his feet apart again and I realized he was allowing me complete freedom to feel him up in any way I wanted. I desperately wanted to shove my hand down inside my own panties and touch myself while I felt him. That would have been so nice and so satisfying -- to make myself cum while he was standing there letting me have free access to him. But, I couldn't. I just couldn't. That would have to wait until after Ted left.
I felt him up for another few minutes, and when I softly asked him to turn back around, he did. Again, I let my hands roam all over him, freely feeling that perfect cock as it pointed out above his elastic waistband. And, my brother was just as excited as I was. Our eyes locked briefly and in that split second, I knew he was enjoying this, too. If I couldn't tell it from his face, I surely knew it from his cock and the way it was leaking so profoundly now from the tip.
I shook my head in an attempt to break myself away from what I knew I was going to do next if I didn't stop. And, as much as I wanted to pull his cock out of those panties to stroke and suck him, I forced myself to stop, and I stood up in front of him.
There was no need to apologize for what I'd done to him so far. I could tell he wasn't complaining, and I'm sure the look on my face and the desire I knew he could smell on me said everything that needed to be said at that exact instant. I came so close to doing something I knew I'd probably regret, but one thing was clear to me, for sure -- he would have let me do anything I wanted.
"The next part," I said to him while trying to catch my breath and calm my nerves, "is going to be the most difficult for you, Ted."
I put my hands on his shoulders and gently urged him back a few steps as I continued speaking. "You'll have to be on your hands and knees. And," I added, "you'll have to be naked."
I turned away from him and looked at the bed where I'd just been sitting. Oh, Gawd -- my panties were still there...... the ones I was wearing earlier, before Ted came. Remembering that I'd taken them off because they'd gotten so damp in the crotch as I thought about him playing doctor with Shannon, I began to panic wondering how I was going to get rid of them without him noticing what I was doing.
But then, I got a brain storm. It was a cruel and kinky brainstorm, but, it was also perfect in every way.
Leaning down, I casually straightened the comforter and nonchalantly reached out to retrieve my damp panties from the far side of the bed. Then, holding my panties loosely in my left hand where I knew my brother would easily see them, I leaned toward to the head of the bed, pulled the big, fluffy pillow out from under the comforter and dropped my panties right on top of the pillow.
Without wasting any time so I wouldn't change my mind, I turned back to Ted and looked up at him. "Okay, I'm going to go get something from the bathroom I need, and while I'm gone, I want you to slip out of your panties and get on the bed."
Ted's eyes opened wide as I spoke, and I couldn't tell if it was because he realized what I was going to do and he was terrified, or if he was excited about it.
"You need to be in a comfortable position." I instructed my brother. "I want you on your hands and knees with your head on the pillow and your butt up. Your knees have to wide enough to support your weight and allow room for the examination."
Ted's face was devoid of any emotion, reaction, or response. I suddenly realized I might have shocked or scared him, and since I didn't want another episode like I had earlier with him almost hyperventilating, I reached out and patted his chest, saying with a sincere look, "I promise I'll be gentle. Just get in a position where you can completely relax."
"Any questions?" I asked.
My brother shook his head from side to side and said, "No."
Again, I noticed his docile and submissive behavior. Any other time and my brother would have more to say, and I must admit, I liked this new Ted very much.
I turned to leave, and as I headed for the bathroom, I wondered what I'd find when I returned. Would I find him putting his clothes on to make a hasty getaway from his evil little sister, or, would he follow my instructions to the letter and be in the proper position with his butt in the air waiting for me to stick my nursly examination finger up his ass?
I took my time in the bathroom. All I really needed was a wet, warm washcloth to wipe around his anus before I examined him. Of course, this was strictly a placebo and just for his comfort only. But years of seeing this kind of exam done by many different doctors on both gendered patients had convinced me that ensuring the patient was casually wiped down before and after the exam, made for a much calmer and happier patient. So, as I rung the hot water out of the washcloth, I mentally prepared myself for what I was going to find when I walked back into my bedroom.
I can't say I was surprised to see my brother on his hands and knees, just as I instructed. He'd removed his panties completely, folded them neatly, and laid them on top of his jeans. He'd obviously fluffed up the pillow and his head was lying on top of it, and he was looking away from me -- staring at the wall at the far side of the bed.
Ted's butt was pointed up and his knees were spread enough, but, he didn't look comfortable. He looked stressed and rigid, and I instantly knew what he needed to relax. So, turning to my left, I walked the few steps to my closet and pulled out another bed pillow from the shelf and walked over to the bed.
Touching him lightly on his shoulder, I told him to lift himself up. "Here," I said as I folded the pillow in half and placed it under his chest, "put this under you and then lay your chest and head down all the way."
He lowered his chest and head while I adjusted both pillows for his comfort, but he never once looked up at me. Instead, he maintained the position of his head so he looked directly at the wall. I understood, why -- he was about to allow his sister to shove her finger up his butt and he wanted to maintain as much of his dignity as he could.
As I helped him get more comfortable with his position, and the pillows, I saw my damp panties lying halfway down the bed, as if he'd just brushed them off the pillow after I'd laid them there. I reached for them, and then before I could stop myself, I leaned over his body and gently tucked them into the palm of his hand, saying, "You can hold these for me if you want to."
There was no immediate verbal or physical response when I put my panties into his hand, and that worried me. I just took for granted he'd see this gesture as me condoning his panty wearing and an affirmation that I wasn't mad at him for taking my underwear. But, there was no reaction what so ever, and I wondered if I'd just made a mistake. Too late now to second guess it, though.
Now that Ted had been positioned properly and I'd made him comfortable, it was time to give him the digital rectal exam along with a prostate exam.
Fortunately for me, the bed was wide enough, and Ted had left enough room for me to get up on the bed with him, so I climbed up next to him and settled back on my knees close enough to where I could easily perform the exam and watch for any reaction from him. As I got into place, though, I happened to glance up at Ted and noticed he'd brought my panties to within a foot of his face and opened them up so he could see the damp material inside my panties.
My heart pounded deep in my chest when I realized he was checking out the part of my panties that were snugly pressed against my pussy no more than an hour, or so, ago. I knew they were still damp, and when he unfolded them, he must have felt their wetness, too. I had to take a deep breath when I realized his interest in my panties probably wasn't isolated to simply wearing them. "Oh, Gawd," I silently prayed, as I thought about Ted sniffing my wet panties, "please don't let me cum right now."
I took a moment to compose myself, and when I was ready, I said, "Now, just relax, Ted. I'm just going to wipe you off with a warm washcloth before I begin. If you're not comfortable, now's your chance to wiggle around so you can relax. Okay?"
"Okay." He replied, and as he said it, he shifted his body a little, spread his knees a little wider and sunk into the pillows a little further.
I unfolded the washcloth into the palm of my right hand and softly laid my left hand on the small of his back. "Here we go." I warned, as I laid the warm washcloth against his buttocks and then moved it between his cheeks and gently wiped around his anus and then carefully up and down his crack.
I felt for his anus through the washcloth as I gently cleaned him; not pushing into him, mind you, but with just enough pressure to make sure I cleaned him off thoroughly. When I was satisfied I'd done a thorough job, I pulled the washcloth away and leaned over to look between his cheeks to do a visual inspection of his anus.
It was a weird sensation to be looking between the cheeks of my own brother's butt trying to see his anus -- his butt hole. But, it had to be done and this was nothing compared to the fact that my lubricated finger would be slipping into his rectum soon.
"You doing alright?" I asked, as I glanced up to check.
"Uh huh." He answered. "Just fine."
I noticed he'd moved my panties again when I wasn't looking. Now they were about six inches from his face and he was holding them. I wasn't sure how long I could go on with this anymore. Brother or not, the sexual tension between us was now at a fever pitch and he had to know it, too. I'm sure he knew I could tell he was moving my panties closer and closer to his face, and I silently accepted the fact that before I was done, he'd have my wet panties right against his face and he'd be smelling the scent of feminine arousal I left inside those panties.
I had to get on with this -- I had to finish what I started and I needed to be done with it soon. I could feel my panties flooding between my legs and I needed some attention down there. I needed to thrust something into my pussy -- my fingers or my vibrator.... something!
"Let me explain what's going to happen so you won't be startled." I began. "I'm going to apply some lubricant to my fingers and to you. Throughout this procedure, I'm going to make sure you're comfortable by using a lot of lube, so you might feel me pull my finger out from time to time so I can apply more lubricant. Do you understand?"
"Yes." He answered. "I understand."
"Good." I replied. "Now, you need to stay still and remain as relaxed as you can. Try not to tighten up or clench down on me. I'm going to go very slow and be very gentle with you, Ted, but you're going to have to concentrate on staying relaxed."
"Okay." He said. "I'll try."
"Now," I continued, "during the last part, you might feel some pressure. I need to feel the size and firmness of your prostate gland, and to do that I have to press around there and do some rubbing. It might create some sensations you're not used to feeling, and I just wanted to make sure I warned you about it before it happened."
"Is it going to hurt?" Ted asked.
"No." I replied, with a short laugh. "It won't hurt at all. Actually, you'll probably enjoy the feeling, and from what I've heard, it can be quite soothing and pleasurable. If it arouses you, just relax and enjoy it."
"Hmm, okay, I guess" Ted said, then after a short pause he asked, "Is it going to be okay to do that, Sally?"
"Do what?" I answered.
"You know...." He replied. "To enjoy it, I mean."
"Of course." I said, giggling out loud. "I'm not trying to torture you, Ted. I'm just trying to make a point and teach you a lesson. That's all."
"Well, I was just making sure." He replied and started to laugh a bit, himself.
So, I'd done my job in preparing him the best I could and it was time for the final exam. I opened the tube of lube and squirted a generous amount on my fingers and sat the opened tube on the bed beside me.
"It might feel cold at first, so don't jump." I said in a soothing tone. "I'll go slow. Just relax and don't worry."
Then without waiting, I pressed my lube covered fingertip against his anus and gently spread some lube around his opening. Carefully, I introduced just my fingertip into his anus and then pulled it out and spread some more lube around. I repeated this four or five times until my brother got used to the feel of my fingertip in his hole.
I applied more lube to my gloved fingers and then made the decision that it was time to insert my finger into him. "Take a breath and hold it for me, Ted." I instructed.
When he did, I slipped my finger all the way into him and held it there.
"Okay, you can breathe normally now." I said.
I felt my brother clench down on my finger once or twice as I held my finger buried deep inside his rectum. "Just relax, Ted." I said calmly. "I'm just going to keep my finger in you for a minute until you relax, and then I can do the first part of the exam."
Ted's breathing started to deepen, and I noticed it. When I looked up toward his head to check on him, I noticed my panties had been moved again. Now, he had the crotch of my damp panties no more than an inch from his nose. I could clearly see his eyes were closed and his fingers casually stroking my panties as he held them.
"That's good, Ted." I encouraged him. Take a few slow, deep breaths through your nose.
After I said it, I realized I'd actually encouraged him to sniff my panties. I immediately felt a twinge of excitement shoot through me and focus its explosion down inside my pussy. It was so nasty of me to say that to him, but, almost as soon as I said it, I felt his butt relax completely and all the pressure against my finger was gone.
Slowly, I began to make tiny movements with my finger, first small, and then incrementally larger excursions until I was slowly and gently moving my finger in and out of his butt. I kept glancing up at him, watching him openly sniff my panties as my finger continued to slide in an out of his opening. Gawd, I was finger fucking my brother's ass. How perverted was I becoming?
But, regardless of what I thought, I continued on, slowly moving my finger in and out of his ass until it was gliding in smoothly all the way. Ted seemed to be completely oblivious to what I was doing -- consumed with either the feeling of my finger, or the act of sniffing my panties until I asked him if he was doing okay.
When he didn't answer, I patted him on the back and asked again. "Ted, are you doing alright? Is this hurting you?"
"Oh yeah." He moaned. "I'm fine."
"Okay then," I reassured him, "you can keep doing exactly what you're doing. Feel free to do whatever you need to do to stay relaxed."
I didn't care anymore about keeping up the façade of examining him. The truth was, I was finger fucking my brother's ass while he sniffed my panties and if there was any question that I was okay with it, and if he was okay with it -- I think the question was put to rest for good.
So I began the task of examining the first several inches of his colon by sliding and twisting my finger in and out of his ass as I felt inside for bumps. I was deliberate in my actions, but, I didn't use a lot of pressure and I moved at a constant rate so he wouldn't become stressed. Not only that, but, I wanted him to grow accustomed to the feel of my finger in his butt and come to fully accept it.
I knew first hand that this was an excruciatingly humiliating and humbling examination, but, Ted laid there like a trooper and didn't clinch down on me. For a solid five minutes my finger slipped in and out of his ass, gently feeling the sides of his lower colon. I knew in the first thirty seconds his colon was fine, but, I kept it up, finger fucking his ass until he was so relaxed and so loose, my finger was gliding in and out of him smoothly and without any resistence what so ever.
Along the way, Ted started to make a low groaning noise each time my finger slipped deeply into his ass.
"Does that hurt?" I asked, followed by, "Do you want me to stop?"
"No!" My brother panted. "You don't have to stop."
"Does it feel good, then?" I asked, completely not believing I'd even ask such a thing.
"Uh...." Ted mumbled. "Yeah, it's good." He managed to say in between his panting breaths.
So, smiling to myself, I finger fucked my brother's ass as I watched his breathing and the way he was sniffing my panties. Curiously, I bent my head down and looked between his legs to see his penis straining out angrily from his crotch. There was a huge drop of precum hanging by a thread from the tip of his cock and the bedspread beneath him had a stain about an inch in diameter where he'd been leaking.
Uncontrollably, I put my free hand under the tip of his penis and caught the clingy drop on my fingertip just as it dropped and pulled it in front of my face. His precum was clear and slippery, and without another moment of thought, I put my finger in my mouth and I tasted it.
My heart was thumping fast and I could feel my blood racing through my veins as I tasted his seminal lube. It was sweet and slippery in my mouth, and once it hit me that that I'd just tasted the fluid from my own brother's penis, I got a thumping in my chest that radiated all the way through me. My face and head immediately felt hot and I knew I was blushing worse than I'd ever blushed in my life.
My total dive into depravity was complete now. I'd done things with my brother in the last hour I'd never even done with any of my boyfriends or lovers. And to make it worse, I was still finger fucking his ass and I was probably enjoying it just as much as he was.
I was hot. I was excited. I was aroused and turned on - and I absolutely loved every second of it. The feeling of power that I felt over him was consuming me, and the more I exercised it, the more he accepted it.
But, I wanted more. I needed more. And, the way to get it was to get him to offer it to me, voluntarily.
"Ted," I asked, as I gently ran my free hand across his hip and across his back, "you still doing alright?"
"Yes." He groaned.
"Your lower colon feels fine. I can't feel any polyps or lumps. I have one more examination to do, but, before I do that one, can we just relax and talk for a few minutes? I can keep my finger in you if you'd like that."
"Yeah," he panted, "keep your finger in there, though."
"Sure." I agreed. "Do you think we be honest with each other while we talk? I'll promise if you will."
"Yeah," he panted again, "that's fine."
"Thanks, Ted." I said as I slowly slipped my finger all the way into him and then almost all the way out and then back in."
"It feels good when I do this, doesn't it?" I asked softly, almost whispering.
"Oh, hell yes." My brother moaned.
"I like it, too, Ted," I replied, "and to be honest, I've enjoyed everything. Touching you..... and feeling you, seeing you naked and.... uh..... seeing you in my panties."
I felt his ass clinch up and I stopped moving my finger inside him.
"Just relax, now." I said, encouraging him and rubbing the small of his back softly. "Come on," I continued, "Don't tense up on me just because I said that. Please, Ted..... I'm just being honest."
Softly, I told him I wasn't upset with him about wearing my panties, and I told him again I thought they looked cute on him. I told him I thought he had a beautiful penis, and how much I wished I'd seen it long before now.
I felt my brother relax his grip on my finger and as I began to slowly fuck his ass again, I asked, "Do you mind telling me how long you've been wearing my panties?"
"A long time." He answered.
"How long, Ted?" I inquired. "It's okay, you can tell me. I'm not going to get upset."
"A long time, Sally." He said after a short pause. "Since you were in high school." He added.
"Wow! That's a hell of a long time." I thought to myself.
But, after hearing this, I was more interested than ever, and I had more questions to ask. So, as I kept my finger moving in and out of his cute butt, I asked my questions.
"So, since high school you've been taking my panties and wearing them? Keeping them, too?" I asked.
"I only kept the ones I wanted to wear." He said, softly. "The other ones I always put back in the laundry basket."
As we talked, I constantly reminded him that I wasn't mad. I even told him no one would ever know about our conversation or his panty wearing. So, after a few minutes I gained his confidence and then it all came out. He made a full confession to me -- telling me everything I wanted to know, and more.
As part of his confession, he told me my panties were the only panties he ever stole - there were no other female's panties he was interested in. I learned that when I was still living at home, in high school and when I came home from college, he'd go through my things to find the clean panties he wanted to wear, and the worn panties he wanted to 'use'. He was forthcoming and honest when I asked him what 'using' meant, and when he told me that he used them when he masturbated, I about fainted.
So, I'm a big girl now, and I've got a few years under my belt. I've read some things and I've heard some things. I know it's not that unusual for guys to have a panty fetish. But, when a guy has a panty fetish, isn't it almost across the board? I mean, guys with a panty fetish don't normally focus their fetish on just one girl, right? And isn't it pretty rare that guys who have a panty fetish usually act on their fetish with someone other than a family member?
When I asked him about this, his answer was straight forward and almost logical. "We wear the same size, and you buy the styles I like to wear." My brother began. Then he continued, saying, "And I like the way you smell down there and, uh..... the way you look in them."
I'd already accepted the fact that he was sniffing my panties, and I have to admit I was flattered beyond belief at the thought of him holding my worn panties to his nose as he yanked his beautiful, perfect cock, but, I didn't understand what he meant by the way I looked at in them.
"You haven't seen me in my panties for years, Ted. Not since we were kids." I said. "Or, have you?" I asked.
Ted seemed to tense up when I asked him about seeing me in my panties, and when he didn't reply after a minute, or so, I stopped moving my finger in his ass and told him to be honest and just tell me the truth. From the way he was acting, I just assumed, some way or the other, he had seen me in my panties, but I was curious when and how.
"Come on, Ted," I said, "I won't get mad and I really don't mind if you've seen me partially undressed. Just be honest and tell me about it."
When my brother still didn't answer me, I slowly pulled my finger all the way out of his butt and scooted up next to him. "I'll finish the exam if you tell me, Ted."
My brother turned his head around and looked at me. "Can't we just drop it?" Ted asked. "You'll get mad at me if I tell you. I know you will."
"No I won't, Teddy." I replied, using the name I used for him when we were kids. I put my hand on his shoulder and gently patted him, saying, "Come on, don't be afraid. You don't have to worry about telling me. Why don't you just close your eyes and smell my panties while you tell me about it."
As I shuffled back down to the end of the bed, I noticed the stain on my comforter under his leaking cock had grown significantly. The thought crossed my mind that I could probably get the information out of him if I gave his throbbing cock some attention, but, I didn't want to do that. I wanted him to tell me the truth on his own.
So as I got into position again next to his butt, I squeezed some more lubricant out on my fingers and told my brother to take a deep breath and hold it for a few seconds. When he did, I slowly put my lubricated finger into his butt and gently pushed it in.
Ted moaned as he felt my finger entering his ass, and I noticed immediately that he didn't clinch up on me. In fact, if anything, I felt him relax the more my finger went in. Once my finger was completely inserted in his ass, I asked him again to tell me when and how he saw me in my panties.
I began to finger fuck him again, sliding my finger in and out of his butt slowly but rhythmically. "How does that feel, Teddy?" I asked.
"Hmm." He moaned to me. "Good. It feels really good."
"I can make it feel better, Teddy." I said. "But I need you to be honest with me and tell me when you saw me in my panties. Can you do that for me?"
I waited a few seconds for him to answer and then I stopped my finger fucking and began to rub around his prostate gland. His reaction was almost immediate -- he moaned out loud and his cute butt wiggled under my touch.
"That feels good, doesn't it?" I asked.
My brother moaned in response to my question, but, sadly, he still didn't answer my question. I knew what would make him talk, though.
Stopping my prostate massage, I carefully picked up the tube of lube with my left hand, held it upside down pointing down into the palm of my hand, and squeezed it as best I could until a dollop of lubricating jelly came out. Then setting the tube aside, I spread the lube around by rubbing my fingers together.
Then carefully, I bent my head down to see what I was doing and wrapped my fingers around the head of Ted's cock, circling his corona in a circle I made with my thumb and forefinger. At the same time, I began massaging his prostate again.
"Oh, fuck!" Ted groaned. His breathing picked up and he moved my panties right up against his nose and I knew he was inhaling my scent with every breath.
"You like that, Big Brother?" I asked.
"Oh, Gawd, Sally." He exclaimed. "That feels so fucking good."
"I bet I can make you ejaculate this way, Teddy." I whispered down at him. "Would you like that? Would you like me to make you cum?"
"Oh, please!" He begged.
"All you have to do is tell me the truth about when and how you saw me in my panties and I'll do it, Ted...... I'll make you cum. Right here -- as soon as you tell me. You can relax, lie there and sniff my panties and I'll give you the best orgasm you've ever had, Teddy. I promise it will be something you'll never forget."
"And you swear you won't get mad at me? You'll never hold it over my head, threaten me, or, hold it against me?" He asked as he panted.
"I promise, Teddy." I answered. "I give you my word on that. But you have to tell me the complete and honest truth. You can't leave anything out. Do we have a deal?"
"Alright." He said. "I'll tell you everything, but, remember -- you gave your word."
I knew I had him now. I really didn't care how he saw me in my panties -- he's my brother, and it didn't matter to me that much at all. What I was really interested in, though, is having the power over him to make him tell me something he didn't want to tell me.
I'm sure his closely guarded confession would amount to nothing -- maybe I didn't close a door all the way when I changed clothes, or something like that, but Ted has always been the one to try to have the last word, or get the upper hand when ever he could. Having him in this position with one of my fingers on his pleasure point, and my other hand gently twisting around the most sensitive spot on his penis -- I knew he'd give in. Any man would.
And just to prove to him I wasn't kidding, I began to increase the pressure of my prostate massage and I tightened my grip under the head of his cock and speeded up my twisting motion. The lubricant allowed my hand to move quickly and effortlessly as I applied pressure to his corona, and within just a few seconds, I had him moaning out loud and panting so hard he had to pull my wet panties away from his face so he could breathe.
Then suddenly, I stopped. I stopped the prostate massage and I stopped circling around his cock head.
"Ted." I said, rather sternly. "I'm waiting."
"Okay. Okay." My brother answered. "It started back when Mom and Dad put the pool in.... you were in high school."
"And?" I said, encouraging him to continue.
"Remember how they remodeled the bathroom right after that? And, you know how they put in those wood shutters on the inside of the window?" Ted asked.
"Uh huh." I replied.
"Well," he went on, "there's a small gap at the bottom of those shutters. If the curtain on the inside isn't pulled together perfectly, you can peek in from outside and see the whole bathroom perfectly."
As soon as he said it, I instantly understood what he was saying. Mom wanted the downstairs bathroom enlarged when we put the pool in that summer. Both Ted and I always had our friends over in the pool and Mom said she wanted a bathroom large enough so people could change into their swim suits there, shower off and change back into their regular clothes without roaming all over the house. To make a long story short, they enlarged the bathroom, put in this huge walk in shower with two shower heads, a seat and a clear glass door, a nice vanity, heat lamps and really did the new bathroom up nice. It looked like one of those bathrooms in the home decorating magazines.
Well, ever since that summer, that bathroom has been my bathroom of choice and I've always used it. I used it before I left for college and when I came home. After I graduated, I moved home for a while and I used it then. Once I got out on my own and got my own place, I'd use that bathroom any time I was at Mom and Dad's. Plus, any time I came over to swim, which has been at least once or twice a week. I'd even been trying to swim three times a week in the last few months. It's good exercise and, besides -- I like to swim.
The bottom line was, if he'd been peeking into that bathroom from the outside since I was in high school, he's seen a lot more than just me in my panties. He's seen me naked. Not only that, but he's probably seen me naked with a bikini wax. I could easily recount numerous times I played with myself in the shower, using the removable shower head and holding it so it would pulse against my coochie. I've shaved my legs in there and shaved my pussy. The clear glass doors are just that -- clear, so, if he was peeking from outside, he saw absolutely everything I ever did in that bathroom.
I started to blush when I thought about everything he might have seen, and when it hit me that he'd probably seen me changing tampons or pads during my periods, it all became crystal clear to me. He's seen everything -- and I mean absolutely everything there was to see.
"Oh." I said. It's all I could say. I sat there in complete rapture running the past fifteen years or so back through my mind realizing I had no privacy in there at all. In the matter of a few seconds it hit me he'd seen the changes in my body as I got older and everything I'd done in that bathroom.
I know I told Ted I wouldn't be angry, but I was. I was really angry. And I was extremely hurt. I felt humiliated and I was embarrassed more than I'd ever been in my whole life. To think I'd been spied on in my own bathroom for so many years, and I didn't even know it -- I was crushed.
"Sally," Ted said, turning his head back to look at me, "please, let me explain for a minute. I know you're probably mad at me right now, but let me explain."
I lost all interest and desire to finish what I'd started with Ted's prostate exam and his cock. With no regard to him at all, I pulled my finger out of his ass and let go of his cock. Almost in a dream, I just sat there, staring across his body at the wall in front of me. I was too shocked to do anything but that.
I think Ted knew what his final confession had done to me. He'd hurt me down to the core of my being and all I could do is sit there. "It's not what you think." He said.
I sat there for a good ten minutes, staring at the wall, while Ted tried to explain. He told me it started accidentally when he was picking up around the pool one day after we'd both had our friends over to swim. He said he didn't intend to spy on me, but when he walked by the window, he saw me taking my swim suit off and couldn't turn away. He told me I was beautiful and sexy, and he told me I was the first female he ever saw completely naked. He told me how he stood outside the window and watched me shower and dress, putting on just my panties while I dried my hair. I listened to him tell me the whole story and then how he began to peek on me after that when ever it was safe to do so.
He said I became his fantasy girl, watching me and masturbating as he peeked. Then, his desires grew, he started keeping track of which panties I wore and he'd try to get them out of the laundry basket the next day. Soon, he was sniffing my panties alone in his bedroom and then would also use them while he peeked on me. He developed a thorough panty fetish over the years, and I was the center of it. Eventually, he even started wearing my panties, along with sniffing them and peeking in on me.
"Sally, believe me," he said, "I never did any of this to hurt you. I mean, you're so beautiful, and so sexy. You're the cutest girl I've ever known. I'd never do anything to hurt you."
Then he laid the real bombshell on me.
"I have a hard time with women, Sally." He began. "Whenever I've started to get serious about a woman, and we try to have sex, I can't do it. Uh.... I can't get it up.... I can't get hard. I've been to doctors and there's nothing wrong down there, but, I just can't get hard with them."
"But, I can get hard when I think about you..... or when I have your panties.... or when I look at you." He added. "I'm sure it's some kind of physiological thing, but, you're the only woman that gets me hard. Damn, Sally, please understand -- without you, I don't have any sex life at all."
I listened to my brother's explanation, and I have to admit my anger subsided and I felt sorry for him. As a nurse, I know the brain is just as important to sexual stimulation as the genitals are. But, I was still feeling hurt.
The funny thing was, that tingle between my legs had returned. Somehow, the thought of my brother spying on me for so long, and using me as his the center of his sexual fantasies and escapades hit me in just the right way, and in some twist of fate, it turned me on. Just thinking about him jerking himself off all those years thinking about me, and sniffing my panties -- it was unnerving.
"You think about me when you masturbate?" I asked.
"Yes." He answered, as he hung his head.
"When," I paused, for a second, and then continued, "was the last time you saw me in my panties or naked?"
"Last week when you were over at Mom and Dad's to swim." He said.
"I see." I said, trying to remember that day.
"You promised you wouldn't get mad." Ted reminded me. "You gave me your word, remember?"
"I know." I replied. "But what you've been doing all these years is wrong, Ted. Sneaking around like that.... what if someone had caught you peeking, or found you with my panties?"
"Well, what was I supposed to do?" He asked me. "I couldn't just walk up to you and ask you for your panties or ask to see you naked, could I?"
"That might have been better, you know." I answered. "At least we could have talked about it and you wouldn't have had to hide it all this time."
"Yeah," he said, snottily, "like you would have let me."
I thought about it for a minute and my heart went out to him. My brother really had a problem and in some way, I knew Ted was reaching out to me. He needed some kind of help. He needed to get all this out in the open and find a way to channel all his fantasies and desires in a more healthy direction. And just then, I got an idea. Maybe getting him together with Shannon to live out their respective fantasies was just the ticket he needed. Maybe I could get him to open up to me and then orchestrate Shannon's fantasy to accommodate both of their needs.
But, Ted owed me something. He owed me for all those years I provided him his sexual pleasure. He owed me for all the panties he snuck away from me, all the orgasms he had at my expense and the way he peeked at me. I had to break him of the peeking, that was one thing I was sure of.
I knew what I was thinking about doing was risky. It would mean doing things I'd never done before, but, perhaps it would work, and if I could get Ted to cooperate with me, even thought it would be border line incest, it might work.
"Ted," I said, looking over at him, "I appreciate the way you've been honest with me and I'm flattered that you think I'm beautiful and sexy. That's so sweet of you to say. But, what you've been doing isn't healthy. You need help, Ted. And, I've got an idea of how to help you. If you agree and will work with me on this, I think it will work. It will be difficult on both of us, I'm sure. So, what I'm asking you is this -- I'm offering to help you. But, if I do, you can't question my methods. You have to put yourself in my hands and do everything I ask of you. I think getting you and Shannon together will be just what you need to get your confidence up, and I'll be there to help you. If you can't get an erection, I'll help you. I'll do whatever you need, but, I think it's a good opportunity for you. But that's just part of what you need. What do you think? Are you willing to work with me on this?"
The look on Ted's face changed and I saw a look in him I hadn't seen in years. There was a look of sincerity and relief which, was promising. "Sure," he said, "I'm willing."
"Good." I answered. "Now, let's finish what we were doing and we'll get started right away."
With that, I reached down and put my left hand around his cock. He was soft now, his erection had long since faded during our stressful conversation, and when I grasped his soft member, my brother laid his head back down on the pillow. I began to work his soft cock in my hand, caressing it along its length and gently around his glans.
"Teddy," I said softly, "put my panties up to your nose and smell them. Think about me wearing those panties..... think about them being right next to my pussy and my juices leaking out onto them. I know you like that, Teddy," I said, "you told me you so. Show me how much you like my panties, Teddy."
My brother's cock went from soft to hard almost immediately when I started taunting him about my panties. He felt huge in my hand. His erection was full strength and it did so much for my ego to have him go from soft to hard that quick.
"That's good, Teddy." I said, praising him. "You're really hard. I can feel it. You like it when I talk about my panties, don't you?"
"Uh huh." He answered.
"I bet you get turned on when I say that word don't you?" I asked.
"Oh, yeah." He replied.
"I'm going to be saying that word a lot from now on, Teddy." I continued. "Panties. My panties. My wet panties. Is that okay with you?" I asked.
"Fuck, yes!" Ted moaned.
"And I'm going to let you see my panties, Teddy. All of them. I'll let you touch my panties, feel my panties and sniff my panties.... anytime you want, Teddy. You can wear my panties, too. All you have to do is ask me. Is that going to be okay with you?" I asked, continuing to taunt him.
"Oh, Gawd, Sally!" He groaned. "Yes. Yes."
"But no more sneaking around." I said, quickly. "No more peeking at me. Right? That's over and done with. If you ask, I'll let you look at me, but no more spying. Okay? Promise me. Give me your word, Teddy."
"Yes," he gasped, "no more spying. I promise."
"And no more masturbating unless I say so." I added, almost surprised I'd even say that. "From now on, when you need to masturbate, you'll come over here and do it in front of me. No more sneaking around with that, either. You'll come over here and you can have my panties to masturbate with, or wear my panties, or whatever you need to do, but you'll do it in front of me. Is that clear?"
"Yes! Yes!" Ted exclaimed.
His cock was throbbing now, pulsing in my hand and I knew I needed to stop or I'd make him cum. So, thinking fast, I reverted to my original plan and without warning him, I sunk my finger into his lubricated ass and felt around for his prostate gland. Once I found it, I began to massage it with small, tight circles. At the same time, I made a circle with the fingers on my left hand just under the head of his cock and started to swirl then around his corona.
"Promise me, Teddy," I said, "give me your word you'll do everything I say. Give me your word you'll follow my instructions. Give me your word you won't cheat or lie."
"I promise." My brother panted to me. "I give you my word on everything." He said, almost unable to say the words as he tried to catch his breath.
Satisfied that I'd gotten him to say what I wanted to hear, I made my mind up to let him cum. I knew it wouldn't take much, but, I wanted him to experience this in a way he'd see it as a reward for coming clean with me and being honest. So, my pressure on his prostate increased and I tighten my grip under the head of his cock to the point I knew it wouldn't be long before he exploded.
I knew his ejaculation would be huge. I'd excited him so much and his ejaculation had been delayed so many times, the sheer build up would make it a good one for him. The way my hand was situated under him, when he came, he'd squirt off into the palm of my hand, and I liked the idea of that. I'd have a whole handful of his cum -- in my bare hand. The thought of having my brother's hot, thick cum in the palm of my hand was almost intoxicating and I wasn't sure what I was going to do with it yet, but, that didn't matter. I was going to milk every drop of sperm from within his balls, giving him the best and strongest orgasm of him life. Without a doubt, he'd remember this forever.
It was time to make him cum, now. I wanted to taunt him to the point where he'd shutter and spurt uncontrollably. I knew it wouldn't take much more, but, I couldn't resist the urge to tease him.
"Teddy, the panties I'm wearing now are so wet." I whispered down to him. "I can feel how wet they are.... my pussy is literally dripping into them. I've been wet ever since you took your jeans off and I saw you wearing in my old, yellow panties."
"I bet you'd like them." I teased. "I bet you'd like to see them, wouldn't you? You'd like to see me wearing them..... you'd like to see the way they fit me.... the way the crotch part stretches across my pussy. I bet you'd like to sniff them and suck them, too. Just think about my sweet, wet panties, Teddy. Think about me showing them to you. Think about me pulling down my shorts and letting you see me in them.... maybe letting you masturbate for me while I let you look. Does that turn you on, Teddy?
About that time, I felt my brother's prostate get hard and I knew it was just a matter of a few seconds before he blew his load into the palm of my hand. I intentionally held back my desire to stroke him -- I wanted him to experience the feeling of being milked from having his prostate massaged. I knew this would produce a mind-blowing orgasm for him, and that's exactly what I wanted for him.
"I might do that for you, Teddy." I said. "Maybe later I'll pull my shorts down and let you see me in my panties. Maybe I'll make you stroke yourself for me. Maybe I'll let you look at me real close -- maybe I'll let you sniff my panties. I know you'd like that."
Then it happened. The words I said pushed Ted completely over the edge and I felt his prostate go rock solid and the head of his penis enlarged and I felt his body go rigid. Another second later, he let out a mighty groan and I felt the first spurt of cum shoot out of his cock against the palm of my hand. His prostate actually shuddered under my touch and I felt surge after surge of hot cum filling my hand.
Ted's body lurched and shook as he came, and he made groaning noises all the way. What an amazing feeling it was to bring him to this point and feel his body react to what I was doing to him. I literally used his own body to make this happen for him -- I stimulated the most sensitive spots on the male body to bring about this orgasm. It was all me.... I did it. I made him cum.
I knew his cock would be sensitive when he was finished ejaculating, so I loosened my fingers from around his corona and let him finish squirting into the palm of my hand. I don't remember ever being so happy about making a man cum -- this was so exciting for me, and I felt so good about it and so proud of what I was able to do to him.
Now, though, I had to transition what we'd done and begin my plan to help Ted with his problem. Shannon's examination was a key part of what Ted needed, but, I needed to get him ready for that so he could perform when the time came. I wanted him to fuck her -- long and hard. I wanted him to see that he could complete the sex act with a woman. That was going to be vital part of the solution, I was sure of it.
To be continued soon.