One woman's range of sexual experiences reaches a whole new level when she and her husband are invited to a party at her girlfriend's apartment. In this installment, the couple re-hashes the story of that wild night from their own perspectives, before finally coming to a resolution.
*
Liana's crazy party
We were in the kitchen, both clinging to our coffee cups with the desperation that is a really bad hangover. As if I didn't feel rough enough already, we started to argue again. So began another bitter circle of hostile recrimination.
"You wanted to fuck him, didn't you Sharon? I could see it in your eyes."
"So, you're a mind-reader, are you? Admit it, you wanted her, didn't you?"
"And he was all ready to do you if I had agreed. I could see him leering."
"Nothing happened with him, so why go on and on about it?"
"That's the last time we'll be around those other people. They're just trash!"
"I'll choose my own friends. Besides, why are you so down on them anyway?"
The trouble went back to this complicated friendship that my wife had developed with a swimwear model. She met Liana at the photo studio where she put in a day each week assisting the photographer in exchange for two photo sittings monthly. Erotic photos. Scorching black-and-white erotic photos! Believe me, I've seen two sets of them already.
Sharon surprised me with the first batch for my birthday. She said that she enjoyed being photographed nude and looked forward to each sitting. I also learned that she enjoyed being nude in Liana's apartment. Sometimes she would tell me stories about the wicked sex there while we were in bed, and it always led to fireworks. It set me thinking about expanding our sex life.
The problem was with her boyfriend Jay, another swimwear model. Recently my wife told me that when he came to the studio for a sitting, she had spied on him as he jerked off in the dressing area shower after the shoot. Apparently, he caught her watching and told her she could have his cock any time she wanted it. Now she was reluctant to visit Liana in case Jay showed up, looking for a good fuck.
Sharon picks up the story:
No, I didn't want to risk Jay showing up while I was visiting my new girlfriend, so when she phoned to invite me to her place, I declined. She didn't like it at all.
"Sorry Liana, I'm not coming over- much as I'd like to. Why don't we meet at that little shop by the park to talk over coffee instead?"
"So, I scared you off playing that rough little game with the big rubber cock, right?" Liana was always direct and coarse. "I thought that you enjoyed being with 'Jay'? You certainly came hard enough with it inside you! Don't tell me you didn't like that."
"I did and I didn't. Sure, I could go with him, but at what cost? Mark is fine with you and me being together, but he made it clear- no other guys. Period!"
"And you're just going to let him tell you what to do, are you? Really! Doesn't it matter to him what you want? You just want to have some fun. So, what's the problem with that?"
"Liana, you aren't married. I am and this would not turn out well for me. So, I don't want to come to your apartment anymore unless you can promise me that Jay won't be there. Simple as that." I was very firm about it.
"I'll be honest, Cher, he just drops by whenever he wants. Especially if he's been drinking or smoking and wants to fuck. Friend-with-benefits, but sometimes he is just a big pain in the ass!"
Reluctantly, Liana agreed to my invitation for coffee, but quickly found that it just wasn't the same as talking in bed after sex. I wasn't her first girlfriend. But she told me that I made her toes curl because I was brand new to bi, eager to be taught new things and very appreciative of a woman's intimate touch. She was certainly right about that!
She said that the two of us together was the best girl-girl sex she'd ever experienced. Liana wanted more of it and so did I, but I was unwilling to go to her apartment. There had to be a way we could have sex together short of the back seat of my car or going to a motel. I mean, do women ever do that?
Even meeting with Liana for coffee caused a big problem. Afterward, we went into the park to talk more privately. Liana was trying to persuade me to visit her place again, but I continued to resist. Our frustrations poured out until I realized I had missed the school bus dropping off the children. I always met them or arranged for someone to walk them home.
Later, the kids told their father that Mummy didn't come to the bus for them. Mark was angry.
"What happened that you missed their bus, Sharon? They were worried, but fortunately Mary was there and brought them home."
I made the mistake of telling him that I was with Liana.
"Look, Sharon, you can't let your new obsession take over your life. Why don't you pull back from this woman? She seems to be taking up too much of your time."
"I'm sorry. Yes, I need to get my head straight. Maybe it would be a good idea if I don't see her as often? I'll tell her." I was resolved about this and afterwards called to relay the bad news. However, she was not about to give up easily and tried a new angle.
A few days later, I got a call from Liana, another invitation to come to her apartment. But this time she said to bring Mark to a party she was planning. It would be a Caribbean night with Jay and another couple or two joining. Clothing, music, food and drink would reflect the islands. I figured that if Mark was there, Jay wouldn't be bothering me.
"That would be great, and I know Mark would like to meet you. Yes Liana, we'll dress like island vacationers. That should be fun. And we'll bring a big bottle of rum too. Eight o'clock Saturday. Good. Thanks."
That was how this all started and the following morning, we were slouched at the kitchen table, nursing terrible hangovers and arguing. We must have looked awful because we both felt that way.
"I'll tell you why they're trash, Sharon. A cock-sucking contest, that's why! People like that bring us down!"
"Come on, Mark. We were all high and it was fun. Anyway, it was just a little game. So what if you didn't win 'biggest cock.'"
"What the hell is happening to you since you started at the studio? You seem to have sex on your mind most of the time."
"You're complaining about that? We only go around once and I don't intend to do it as a prude. That was a great party. Admit it."
"Jeez, how I wish you had never decided to start into this erotic posing business. You've gone downhill ever since then."
"Well, I'm glad! I've found big parts of myself that I kept hidden for years. The genie is out of the bottle now and she intends to have her fun."
"Yeah, that's what is worrying me, Sharon."
Before we arrived, I was looking forward to meeting Liana, especially after my wife describing their intimate times together. I often pictured them naked and having sex at her apartment. I figured that Sharon was anticipating the chance to have as much time with Liana as with me because she hadn't seen much of her girlfriend since that school bus incident.
When we arrived, I was impressed with how sexy Liana looked in her Caribbean clothing. Her trim figure and her long, chestnut hair first grabbed my attention, while those dark and sultry eyes seemed to bore right through me. This was one great-looking woman, and I couldn't help but picture her naked on the sofa with Sharon. I appreciated my wife's good taste in bisexual women!
Liana wore a small halter top in a floral design that showed off her perky tits, complemented by a long flowing skirt tied at the waist. Sharon looked great too, in a simple matching tropical-patterned blouse and shorts combo, the blouse gauzy and the shorts tight. Her luscious body looked fabulous packaged like this.
Jay grabbed my hand and delivered a crushing handshake. I could see that he was a model, a good-looking guy, with his stylish clothes and the perfect hair. He gave Sharon a big hug, pressing her tits hard against his chest as if they were the best of friends. Then he stepped back and checked her from head to toe. I could see that I would need to keep her close by tonight.
A bit later, Jay's friend Shawn arrived with his girlfriend, Virginia- hardly an apt name because this was no virgin! Apparently, Shawn managed a local show bar called Ernie's Place, where she was a dancer. Her island dress was so short that it barely covered her round ass and cut so low that it struggled to contain her big tits.
"Jay tells me that you and Liana are lovers. Is that right, Sharon?"
Shawn was bluntly direct and caught my wife completely off-guard, leaving her momentarily speechless. Liana answered for her.
"Yes Shawn, we are. I met Cher during my last sitting at the studio, and we've been together ever since!"
Then she leaned sideways to kiss Sharon, who was much embarrassed and turned her cheek to Liana's lips. This annoyed the hostess, so she continued.
"You wouldn't believe the things we've done here! Really, I'm surprised that I haven't been evicted yet for all the moaning, right Cher?"
Everyone laughed except my wife. Then Liana embarrassed me too.
"You should consider modelling too, Mark. You're tall and handsome. You carry yourself with confidence. I think that your beautiful wife here has found herself a worthy match."
She looked at Sharon, now smiling again with the compliment, while I shifted uncomfortably in my seat.
"Hey, I brought weed. Who's in?" Shawn shouted, warning, "It's good stuff, so take it easy if you aren't a regular smoker."
Sharon and I hadn't smoked since our college days, but we were both game. Each couple started out with a joint to share between them and it wasn't long before we all began to feel a nice buzz. After the first joints were gone, Liana beckoned Sharon and Virginia into the kitchen area to talk. Sharon told me later about the conversation in there.
"I like your man, Cher. You didn't tell me he was so good looking. Seems like a real nice guy too," Liana said.
"Thanks. I already knew that Jay is gorgeous after meeting him in the studio," I replied, chuckling, "And what a cock!" All three of us laughed. Then Virginia had a crazy idea.
"Once I went to this party and we got the guys to compare. Like, who's biggest? Want to try that? It would be fun, and I know Shawn will do it."
"There's no way Mark will," I asserted. "Not a chance!"
"What if we get them horny?" Virginia suggested. "Like we could strip for them. Then they'd do it for us!"
"Might work, but you'd have to go first, Virginia. Easy for you. It's your day job, right?" Liana joked.
"Sure, I'll go first, but you both have to follow. If you don't strip, then I won't either. Will you both join me?"
Liana had been smoking, so the plan sounded fine to her. I was unsure, but I agreed because I didn't want to be the only one worried about having some fun.
Mark told me that while we girls were in the kitchen, the three of them were comparing notes. Shawn warned them that whenever Virginia smoked, she wanted to get naked. Jay figured that Liana would too. No doubt, my husband was wondering what kind of people we were getting involved with, because out in the kitchen I was having the same thoughts.
The next morning, the disagreement at our kitchen table was further escalating. Fortunately, the children were still at Mum's place for the day. We always do that when we are going out in the evening.
"So, you want to live your life to the fullest? You don't get enough thrills out of posing nude? No, you have to strip down in front of strangers at a party too!"
"I knew everybody there except Shawn and Virginia, and you know what peer pressure is like. I couldn't say that I wouldn't do it."
"Whose idea was that anyway? Virginia is a dancer at Ernie's Place, so she probably came up with that plan. Hardly someone to follow, Sharon."
"I didn't see you turn your head away when we girls got naked, Mark, so don't get all saintly on me about letting go at a party."
"Yeah, what a pair, a stripper has all three of you naked, while her strip club boyfriend gets everybody high on weed. Now that's a recipe for disaster!"
"Tell me that you didn't have a good time at the party, Mark. Tell me, so I can laugh in your face. Just admit it and move on!"
"OK. OK. Hey, I'll make more coffee. Some for you, Sharon?"
Back at the party, Virginia came from the kitchen and began to dance for us guys- a professional strip tease. She brought her arms forward so her dress straps slipped down to her elbows. Then holding the material against her chest, she danced, lowering it until first one, then the other big tit was free.
Then she moved real close to us, reaching her arms out to the sides to shake her body. Releasing the zipper all the way brought the dress down to her ankles. Virginia tossed her hips about, wearing only a tiny silver thong. The three of us chanted for her to take that off, and she was happy to comply. Now she was dancing totally nude.
Jay and I got a surprise when the other two joined her strutting around the room. Sharon undid the back hooks of Liana's halter top, then unbuttoned her own blouse. Then together, they both doffed their tops. Jay's eyes were wide as he stared at my wife's perfect tits.
We thought that was the end of it, but were amazed when Liana pulled down my wife's shorts, leaving her clad only in a bit of silk. Then Liana untied her flowing skirt and stepped forward in miniscule bikini briefs. I could see now what a gorgeous chick she was- everything in perfect proportion.
"Now you guys get out of your pants and shorts," Virginia ordered. "We'll help you."
Following her lead, the girls knelt and quickly had us naked from the waist down. I didn't know what the hell was going on!
"Let's compare. Who's biggest?" Virginia crowed.
Sharon was laughing along, then glanced up to at me to see how I was taking this. It was the rum, or the weed, probably both, but at the time I was feeling no pain. Then it went farther.
"Soft or hard?" I heard my wife shout.
"Hard. That's what counts," the stripper answered.
Virginia started to stroke her boyfriend Shawn to stiffen his pole, and Liana would not be outdone, taking Jay's already-large tool into her mouth. I pushed my growing rod toward Sharon's face, and she gobbled it between her luscious lips.
Now the women displayed their skills in front of the others. Sharon was buzzed enough to go all-in, performing for the group to see. Jay watched intently as she sucked loudly at the purple head of my cock, stroking hard from the base as she worked. Next, she took it deep into her mouth, back into the opening of her throat until I thought that she would gag.
Then I got the rest of Sharon's often-practiced treatment. She kissed my shaft right down to my balls, licked each one and drew it into her mouth. I was moaning as she blew me, swallowing my stiff cock deep into her throat. The guys were stealing long, lingering looks, watching as she skillfully brought me right to the brink.
At the last instance she stopped, gripped firmly, and called out, "This is my man, rock hard!"
"No contest!" Liana exclaimed as she pulled Jay's monster from her lips.
He was grinning broadly because everyone could see that he was huge! Virginia didn't even offer her boyfriend's tool for comparison. Sharon was staring at Jay's big cock, probably wondering how her girlfriend could ever accommodate so much.
"Another joint all around!" Shawn shouted out above all the laughter.
Three more were quickly lit and shared as we sat virtually naked in Liana's lounge. It didn't take long for the party to further degenerate from there.
Shawn and Virginia were already naked, and soon they were on the carpet, engaged in public foreplay. Shawn's fingers found her pussy and she had no hesitation about spreading wide for him. I could see my wife watching all this, probably wondering what was coming next.
Then Liana and Jay got into it, remaining on the sofa beside us. Liana was naked and straddled her boyfriend as he sat, very carefully easing herself down on his big member. Little-by-little she lowered herself, rubbing her clit to ease any discomfort.
As we looked on, I could tell that Sharon wanted to be part of this, fucking along with the others, right there in the lounge. Since she had started posing nude it seemed she would do almost anything sexual. Liana moved it along quickly, turning sideways to look at us still sitting at the other end of the couch.
"What are you waiting for, Mark? Fuck her. Fuck her good. That's what she wants tonight. Get down there and fuck my girl!"
We looked at each other for approval and Sharon just pulled me down to the floor near Shawn and Virginia. They were already going at it fast and furiously. My wife quickly peeled off her panties and pulled me close for some urgent French kissing. There was no holding back now!
The coffee was starting to wake us both up as we continued our sometimes-heated rehash of the night before. We were still sparring, spilling out our feelings about 'the what' and 'the why'.
"And what's with having sex in public, Sharon? Seems to me it was your idea for us to do it right there. Hard to believe that happened!"
"Tell me that you didn't want to get down and do me on the carpet beside Shawn and Virginia. Nobody forced you, did they?"
"Well... I think it was probably the booze or the weed. I mean I wouldn't normally do anything like that at a party. Not even when I was in college."
"I did some things in college that were almost as bad as that, I just never told you because you're so uptight. You need to relax. Have some fun."
"I know you were pushing me to do it. Jeez, you've become such an exhibitionist! Always love to be watched, don't you?"
"Don't tell me about watching! You couldn't take your eyes off Liana riding Jay'. I know you wanted her, didn't you? Admit it."
"No. That would mean you'd be with Jay and I don't want that. It can't happen or we are in serious trouble."
"Mark, we keep coming back to him, so let's just drop it. Nothing happened. Had enough coffee yet?"
I reached to pour another one.
Last night, Sharon had encouraged me, as she lay on her back, legs apart. She was already very wet, eager to be taken right there on Liana's carpet. My wife wanted to be watched- her exhibitionism now had expanded to include intercourse in front of other people. Her inner slut was stepping out to play again!
The room was echoing with the sounds of heated sex, a great deal of moaning and groaning from the intensity of fucking, watching, and being watched. While this was probably something which the other two 'fast lane' couples had already experienced, for us it was brand new territory. It seemed like the ultimate sexual high!
Jay was craning his neck to look around Liana, riding on his lap. She turned too and together they watched us for a while. They could see that Sharon was flying high, thrusting her hips hard up against my pushing cock, and calling out for more. She knew they were watching and really gave them quite a show, like a scene from a porn video. Then Liana called over to us.
"Ready to try Jay now?" Liana teased. "He'd like to fuck you Cher, wouldn't you Jay?" Her boyfriend grinned and nodded affirmatively before she added, "And I'd love to go with your man. Will he fuck me? What do you say, Mark?"
There it was, a bold invitation to swap with her girlfriend. The moment of truth. Our future in the balance. Marriage or divorce?
Time stopped as we tried to read one another's faces. Fueled by the weed, my wife's eyes seemed to me to shout, "Yes. Yes!" I figured that she wanted to swap- to try out Jay and watch me with her girlfriend. Maybe I was wrong about that, but I wasn't in for any swapping. Even feeling high, I was totally unwilling to commit to it.
I admit though, that my mind was in a turmoil, torn by conflicting thoughts. Sure, I'd love to do that gorgeous Liana- who wouldn't? But I was reluctant to have my wife ploughed by her boyfriend Jay. I was thinking that if she was ever with him, Sharon might always find me second best. It was a truly sobering possibility.
So, I made my decision, smiled at Liana and Jay, and pushed back into my wife.
No, I wouldn't risk giving Sharon to another man. I wouldn't self-inflict the cruel pain of cheating because I didn't measure up. She wasn't going to fuck Jay- not now, not ever! I'd read her eyes and I would pass on Liana tonight. The price was too high.
"Hey Liana! We'll swap with you," Virginia shouted. "They're no fun, are they!"
Sharon probably felt embarrassed, having denied her new girlfriend publicly, but I didn't care. I felt pleased with my decision. The others did swap, and new partners, Liana and Shawn dropped to the carpet on one side of us, while Virginia and Jay came to the other.
What happened after that is pretty much just a blur. Too much booze and smoke, I guess, because I don't remember very much of it. My wife might recall more about last night than I do.
Mark's cock did feel good in me, so I pushed up hard against his strong thrusts, squeezing him tightly with toned muscles. He didn't know just then that a small part of me was fantasizing about Jay. He didn't know that while I was watching him with Virginia, a dark corner of my mind wondered what it might be like.
But my husband was in me and it was satisfying. Sex with Mark always is, and soon I was content. In fact, there among new friends, sex seemed more exciting than ever. I was perspiring, and breathing hard under his powerful assault. I heard myself sighing softly, enjoying the pleasurable sensations my man was delivering.
Then Virginia called out to her boyfriend, "Shawn, Shawn. Come here!"
He understood what she wanted and left Liana to join Jay in giving Virginia a double. This was completely new to me. Sure, I'd seen it in one of Mark's porn videos, but now it was happening right beside me. Oh my god, this crazy party was getting wilder by the minute!
But, what about Liana? Not part of their scene, she found herself left out, so she joined us. First, she kissed Mark and whispered something to him. I saw him nod approval and they kissed a bit more. Then she crawled over close to my face and began to French me deeply, before murmuring in an aroused voice,
"I want you baby. I want you now. It's been too long. Love my pussy, Cher. Please love me now."
She moved above my face, kneeling on each side of my head, facing Mark. Then she lowered her body down over my mouth so that my lips and tongue could pleasure her. They were met by the soft, damp warmth of her succulent private flesh. I was eager to do this with my lover for the first time in weeks.
Mark was pounding into me like he was possessed while I loved my girlfriend. Liana rocked her hips in time with my flicking tongue, giving maximum contact with her engorged clitoris. She held herself wide for me as I kissed and licked and sucked her tender pink pussy. Two of her fingers joined my mouth in playing with her wet sex, driving herself higher with desire. We all could hear her erotic moaning .
I felt Mark's cock pressing as deep as he could go into my sodden pussy, and I had my beautiful lover's organ spread across my mouth. Amazing! It was the threesome I had been fantasizing about for weeks! One man, two women, three orgasms- the math was simple and all of us wanted it to add up to a perfect score.
Mark was puffing like a runaway train, balancing on straightened arms as he drove into me. Liana was calling out urgently as my mouth and her fingers probed every bit of her sensuous pink. They were both getting close. I decided to help myself along and reached down to rub my clitoris. It felt so good to be flying high!
Here I was in a Roman orgy chamber, surrounded by the sights, sounds, yes even the smells of sexual abandon. Naked limbs intertwined with one another shone in the low light. Virginia's voluptuous body gleamed with the sweat of her labours as the two studs roughly rocked her to-and-fro.
Right beside me, she was crying loudly for more- Jay, beneath her ramming into her much-plied organ while her boyfriend pounded from behind. She seemed insatiable, but this was her favourite way to have sex. Two hung men, one willing woman- Virginia knew that these guys would soon fill her with their spunk.
I was buried in lovers too, in this drunken orgy. 'Marcus' was probing my depths, thrusting as hard as he could. The beautiful Roman hostess, Liana, was offering me her ripe, juicy fruit, pushing it right into my face, clamouring, "Eat me, Cher! Suck me! Suck my pussy!" Who was I to deny them what they needed? I would make us all come!
Mark seemed focused on Liana, watching her beautiful body bouncing from her knees, down against my mouth. From below, I could see her pert tits rising and falling, the nipples hard and projecting like dark bullets. I heard her breathing in short gasps now, the urgency a sign that she was getting closer to coming.
Thoughts ran through my head. I knew that my husband would fuck her if he could. I wouldn't blame him because I always found sex with her so good! But I also knew that he was not willing to share me with Jay. Then the whole thing became so clear, so simple. Why not continue in future with this same threesome: me, Mark and Liana? No Jay. No anger. No problem. Brilliant!
It was all coming to a head now, each of us lost in our deep-seated need for sexual satisfaction. Mark was nearly out of control and Liana was almost smothering me under her plush body. Next to us, Virginia was squealing with delight as the two guys grunted and urged her on. I was climbing higher and higher myself. This couldn't last much longer.
I really don't know who came first. Suddenly the room burst alive with orgiastic cries. Virginia hitting her peak, almost screaming, and somebody groaning loudly, blasting into her body. Mark spasming in my vagina, pumping streams of sperm deep inside until he couldn't thrust anymore. Liana pressing down hard, grinding her raging organ into my mouth where I held her clitoris captive between my sucking lips.
And finally, through it all, my skillful fingers continued to rub my own little nub to oblivion, leaving me lurching off the carpet and begging for release.
"Yes! Yes! Yes! I'm coming. I'm coming. Ohhhhhh! Yes! Yes!! Mmmmpppfff... Yeah!!"
The argument was winding down. Mark was finally willing to admit that to me that he had a great time, even though both of us were paying heavily for it this morning.
"Yeah, OK, you win. It was a crazy party, but we lived to talk about it. I still don't want you fucking with Jay, though. You're my wife."
"But you and Liana, that would be alright, I suppose? I've said it before. That is a double standard, you know." I was just teasing now.
"Look, Sharon. You have sex with me, and you have it with her. What's the difference if the three of us are together at the same time? It seemed to work out well at the party."
"The difference is, you're fucking my girlfriend..."
"But only if you are with us at the same time..."
"Still. I can't have Jay, right? That's the double standard..." Just more teasing.
"No. The difference is that you're NOT already fucking him. But you ARE doing both me and Liana. Get the logic?"
"Hmmm. Yeah, I see what you mean when you put it that way."
"Right. So, when can we do it with her again?"
"How about a weekend like this when Mum can take the kids overnight?"
"Agreed!"
We both still felt awful, but our argument was finished.