Tomorrow's my husband's birthday and I want to make it special for him. We've been married for a number of years and he's the best husband I could ever hope for except for one thing. On the plus side, he's always thinking of me first and has a great sense of humor. He's good looking even if he is a little on the thin side. I'd prefer it he looked more like the muscle bound jocks at our gym but his genes are for a marathon runner. No fat but also no bulging muscles.
The one issue I have with my husband is he likes to crossdress. He really gets off wearing lingerie. I'm sure if he could get away with it he'd wear a garterbelt, stockings, thong and bra under his male clothes every day. Fortunately for me that just doesn't go with his work clothes and on the weekends he likes to wear shorts.
That's not to say he doesn't ever wear lingerie. He was upfront about it before we married and I married him anyway thinking he'd change but all these years later he still gets off dressing up as a woman. He knows I don't get off on seeing him dressed as a woman and out of respect for me he usually dresses when I'm away for a weekend at the spa with my girlfriends.
However, there are times when I just feel like spoiling him rotten and ask him to dress up as a woman for me. His reaction is priceless. He tries to act like it's no big deal but his instant hard-on tells me otherwise. Once he's dressed up he is totally submissive and will do anything I tell him to. He's told me he gets turned on by being ordered about and made to do things. Especially doing things that will humiliate him. But I also think part of him doing anything I tell him to is his fear that if he refuses I won't ever ask him to dress up again. That's not true but I let him think it.
In fact I enjoy making him to do more risqué activities than the previous time he dressed up and I ordered him about. By risqué activity I mean ordering him to leave the house wearing women's clothes and do something like buy a newspaper from a machine in front of a store or return a DVD to Blockbuster, etc. as long as it requires him to get out of the car to complete the activity. How risqué the activity I give him depends on the time of day and the number of people that might actually see him dressed and obviously what outfit I choose for him to wear.
I would never humiliate my husband in a way that didn't turn him on. So over the years I have tied him spread-eagle on the bed numerous times and stroked him till he's about to cum, then stopped. Once his cock stops twitching and has calmed down I start the handjob again. I will keep this up till he's begging me to let him cum. Only when he gets this desperate to cum do I turn on a voice recorder. Then I ask him what he wants me to order him to do next time he's all dressed up as a woman. As long as he keeps giving me ideas I will slowly stroke his cock till he cums. If he stops talking, I stop stroking. If he tells me activities I've already made him complete previously I stop rubbing his cock. This way I always have a fresh list of activities that I know turn him on mentally and I have them recorded in his own voice.
Wanting to make this birthday special for him I started planning it a few weeks ago. First I listened to all his recordings for the most risqué activities he said he wants to be made to do that I never made him perform. Once I had those written down I looked for a common thread amongst them and found one that I knew would blow him away. I now had a couple of weeks to plan and make arrangements for the ultimate birthday for my husband. I'm betting if I push all his right buttons he'll be so horny he'll willingly suck a cock while I watch or even beg me to have a well hung stud fuck his ass. I can't wait to see how my plans turn out!
Today's my husband's birthday. I woke up before my husband which is unusual but I was so excited I couldn't wait for the day to begin. I had a pot of French pressed coffee waiting for my husband when he got up. We drank our coffee and I told him the plan for the day. Of course I left out all the juicy parts leaving him think it was going to be a nice birthday without anything kinky.
We went out for breakfast and ran a few errands then came home. I had dinner reservations at my husband's all-time favorite restaurant in a city 3 hours drive away. By the time we would be done with dinner it would be too late to drive home so we were going to spend the night at a hotel and we packed overnight bags.
Little did my husband know I had already packed a small suitcase and a duffel bag for him containing the only clothes he'd be wearing from after dinner till he got home. I also had a bag filled with birthday presents that were guaranteed to give him a hard-on.
I told my husband his birthday present was in the trunk and he couldn't open it yet so he put our luggage in the back seat of the car and we drove to the Bay Area. While we were driving I was debating about telling my husband everything I had planned for him. I just wasn't sure if he'd turn around and go back home or continue on his way with a hard-on that I could play with. I decided not to say anything but I did stroke his cock through his pants the entire drive ensuring he was good and horny by the time we arrived.
Once we got to the hotel and checked in I had my husband wait in the room while I went back down to the car and got his "special" suitcase, duffel bag and bag of presents. I stopped at the front desk of the hotel on the way back and left the duffel bag indicating it was for my husband's birthday party and someone would come by in a couple of hours to pick it up.
We normally make each other wait till after dinner to open each other's presents regardless of the occasion but when I offered to let him open a couple of presents before dinner he jumped at the chance. I handed him the 1st package and his eyes almost bugged out when he opened it to find a very lacy red thong.
He was stuttering the word into a question "Honey?" But he couldn't hide his erection from me.
"Happy birthday Cynthia! I think you'll look good in it." By calling my husband Cynthia he now knew he was in for some kinky sex. And since I initiated it, I knew he'd be submissive and do anything I told him to. This was going to be a birthday he'd never forget. The next present was a matching garterbelt and the last present was white fishnet stockings.
"I don't know what to say besides thank you" he said.
I said "I want you to wear your birthday outfit to dinner but I don't want hairy legs. You need to go into the bathroom and shave from your neck down then put on your birthday outfit and come out here so I can see. You can leave a little landing strip of pubes but otherwise I also want your cock and balls shaved."
"Yes Mistress" he replied which meant my husband was in a totally submissive mode and I was prepared to take full advantage.
It took my husband a full 45 minutes to shave and get dressed. He opened the bathroom and took only one step before stopping. He was only wearing his new garterbelt, stockings and thong.
I was sitting in a chair by the window sipping on a glass of Chardonnay. The drapes were wide open and if he stood before me he'd be visible to anyone looking in our 4th floor window and there were several buildings that had a great view into our room. I planned it this way.
"I want a better look, come stand in front of me" I said.
He didn't hesitate but his face did turn bright red as he walked in front of the window and stood there. I admired his hard-on that was stretching the lacy thong.
"Turn around slowly and don't stop turning till I tell you to." I ordered "And put your hands behind your back as far up as you can get them so your ass is exposed."
My husband did as ordered until I told him to stop.
"Something's missing." I stated. I then handed him another birthday gift. When he opened it he discovered a matching red lacy bra.
"I want you to stay in front of the window as you put it on for me. Then I want you face out the window so everyone can see your birthday outfit till I tell you to its OK to move."
With the other hotels and office buildings surrounding our hotel you never can tell if someone is watching which is what I knew was turning on my husband so much. In my husband's fantasies he always wants to be caught and seen wearing lingerie but would die of embarrassment if it ever happened. I couldn't tell if people in any of the buildings were watching my husband other than the one couple I knew were watching.
You see one of my husband's most extreme fantasies is for me to order him to dress in just lingerie then tie him to a chair in our living room so he cannot escape and invite one of my girlfriends over to see him. I've never done it because instead of showing him off to a stranger he'd never see again, I would be showing him to someone he knows and every time he would see her in the future he'd die of embarrassment and I didn't know if he could handle that in reality. Well to really make this a birthday he'd never forget I decided a slight variation of his fantasy with an added twist to really humiliate him would be appropriate. So I invited his best friend Michele who just happens to be a professional photographer to help celebrate his birthday. After all, why should I subject one of my friends to his crossdressing?
They've been best friends for years but Michele knew nothing about his crossdressing till I had lunch with her and made my proposal. I wanted her to take lots of photos of my husband on this trip so I'd always have something to pull out and embarrass him whenever I wanted. Of course I had to tell her he would be crossdressed and liked to be humiliated which I was a little worried might scare her off but I believed their friendship was strong enough and they'd remain best of friends. Turned out I was right.
Michele said "You're shitting me! I never would have guessed he's a crossdresser. I've got to see this and of course I'll take photos." Michele then asked if her husband could come too and volunteered his services to take videos which he sometimes does when she shoots weddings. I didn't hesitate to say yes knowing how much more humiliating this would be for my poor husband. She also asked if she could keep a set of the photos and the video and again I said yes but with the stipulation she use them time to time to embarrass my husband. Maybe I shouldn't have had so much wine at lunch because I was really getting off thinking about her sharing the photos with some of their mutual friends or even blackmailing him into a repeat performance at her house. And looking back I probably shouldn't have but I did tell her what I was thinking and even encouraged her to use the photos and video any way she wanted as long as it added to my husband's humiliation.
I was smiling thinking of Michele and her husband with their cameras in an adjacent hotel looking into our room while my husband showed off his lingerie. I eventually told him to turn around so his ass was exposed to the window and spread his legs till they were wider than his shoulders. I then ordered him to bend over and touch the ground with his hands without bending his knees and hold the position so everyone could see what a beautiful ass he had and how ripe it was for a fucking.
Talk about humiliating your man without him knowing. I just did it! He would see the video later and I couldn't wait to give him a stroking while he watched.
Next I told my husband to move the chair I had been sitting on so it was dead center in the room facing the window and to sit on it. I went into the bathroom and returned with a bag of make-up.
"I'm going to put a little bit of make-up on you before we go to dinner."
He looked worried.
"It will be subtle and no one will notice so wipe that panicked look off your face." I told him.
He let out a deep breath but still looked worried. Well, I thought if he's not going to trust me then screw him and I might as well make his worry justified. And with that I put the make-up on a little heavier than I initially planned and added a little blush to his cheeks. His eye lashes were now noticeably longer and thicker just like the mascara box promised. I used pink eye shadow that wasn't really visible unless he closed his eyes. And instead of clear lip gloss I chose a subtle pink one to match his eye shadow. I just hoped the camera and video could zoom in on my husband's face while I applied the make-up.
I was not going to allow my husband to check out his face in a mirror because he just might have refused to go out in public. It's not like I put bright red lipstick on him but anyone looking at his face would know he's wearing make-up. Perhaps half way through dinner I should send him off to the bathroom so he can see what everyone else has seen. Won't that be humiliating? I won't allow him to remove the make-up and when he returns to the table to finish dinner he'll die of embarrassment every time the waiter stops at our table.
I told my husband to stand then handed him his slacks, shirt and shoes to put on. The pants were no problem. They covered his thong and garterbelt. But not wearing socks brought his stockings into play whenever he would sit. And the red lacy bra was visible under his white dress shirt. But as long as he kept his sport coat on it wouldn't be a problem. Too bad I wasn't about to let that happen!
On the way out of the hotel I dropped an envelope at the front desk that had the 2nd key to our room in it and Michele's name on the outside. This was so when my husband and I were at dinner Michele could get into our room. The room I rented was a suite so Michele and her husband could be out of sight in the bedroom when we returned and come out when my husband was stripped down to just his lingerie. He'll have nowhere to hide and they can take all the photos and video they want. He'll die of embarrassment but I'll bet he also has a raging hard-on that will prove just how much the humiliation is turning him on. I can't wait!
We took a taxi to the restaurant and I played with my husband's cock the entire time. I don't think he's ever been harder. When we got to the restaurant the cab driver couldn't help but noticing my husband's boner when he paid him which embarrassed the hell out of my husband. My silly husband wasn't even thinking of all the pre-cum he'd been leaking while I played with him. Even after his hard-on went away he'd still have the giant wet spot for everyone to see.
My husband wanted to wait outside till he got soft but I wasn't going pass up any chance to keep humiliating him so I grabbed his arm and we walked into the restaurant. The Hostess said our table wasn't ready so we went into the bar to have a cocktail while we waited. The lights in the restaurant were fairly bright so I had some concern about how much make-up I put on my husband. But the lights in the bar were much brighter and his make-up was very obvious. Thankfully there wasn't a mirror he could see himself in.
A few people did double takes when they saw him and a couple of men sitting at a table stared and smiled. I wonder if they were laughing at him or wanting to know if he was gay and willing to give blowjobs. I almost felt sorry for my husband, but there wasn't much I could do about the make-up now. And besides he didn't trust me when I applied the make-up so he's just getting what he deserves.
I told him to sit on a bar stool at a tall table in the middle of the bar to better show off his white fishnet stocking covered ankles. He quietly pleaded with me to allow us to sit at a table in the corner so his stockings wouldn't show.
"Sit on the barstool now Cynthia" I said in a voice just loud enough voice that those sitting nearby could hear. Everyone that heard me was now watching my submissive husband as he climbed up onto the bar stool. So I took a couple of steps back and looked down at his ankles for about 15 seconds. I knew that by my looking down that everyone paying attention to me would also look to find out what I was looking at and would see his white fishnet stockings. Damn this was fun!
When the cocktail waitress came around I could tell she didn't know what to think of my husband. But since she giggled every time she looked in his direction I assumed she wasn't offended. Later when she came and took a second drink order from us and she had one hell of a grin. My idiot husband thought she was flirting with him and gave her a big tip when she brought our drinks. I really wanted to hold a mirror up to his face and show him what she was smiling about.
Just as we were finishing our drinks the Hostess let us know our table was ready. We followed her to our table where our waiter was waiting for us. He offered to take our coats and hang them up for us. I didn't hesitate and handed the waiter my coat. My husband just stood there like a deer caught in headlights. He didn't want to take off his sport coat because he suspected his red lacy bra would show through his shirt. Little did he know just how visible his bra was about to become. After about 20 seconds of him standing there frozen, I told him to take off his coat and hand it to the waiter.
My husband swallowed hard and his face turned the same bright red as the bra he was about to show off. I swear he moved in slow motion but took off his coat and handed it to the waiter. The waiter's eyes got real big when he saw the bra that clearly showed under my husband's shirt but to his credit he didn't say a word. I almost couldn't believe what the waiter did next.
He didn't hang our coats up on the nearby coat rack but took them to the front of the restaurant where they have a coat check. This meant my husband was going to have to walk from the rear of the restaurant where we were seated past all the customers to the front of the restaurant to get his coat when we left the restaurant. Remind me to give the waiter an extra large tip for that one!
Since it was my husband's birthday we needed a special bottle of wine to celebrate so I asked for the Sommelier which added one more man to see my husband's make-up and bra up close. When he arrived to help me with the wine selection my husband tried to cover up his bra by crossing his arms in front of him but there was no way I was going to allow that.
Now this is not my normal behavior but I was role-playing for my husband's benefit so as the Sommelier was standing there I said in a stern voice "Cynthia uncross your arms! And put your hands in your pants back pockets till I tell you otherwise."
My husband didn't hesitate this time. When he put his hands in his back pockets it forced his shoulders back and chest out stretching his shirt tightly across his bra. Talk about making his bra visible!
I almost couldn't believe I said this but I was really getting into humiliating my husband to make his birthday special. I turned to the Sommelier and said "Sometimes you just have to remind a sub of his place so he doesn't try to take liberties."
I don't know if the Sommelier knew what to think but he quickly recovered and realized I was the dominant in charge. He then only talked to me but kept glancing at my husband with a smirk on his face. I was a little uncomfortable with this dominant role in public but the humiliation my husband was going through was worth it.
After an excellent dinner but before dessert arrived I told my husband he needed to go to the bathroom. He gave me a panicked look and said he didn't need to go.
"I said you are going to the bathroom. I don't care if you pee or not but you are walking through this restaurant and then the bar to get to the bathroom. Once there you will examine your make-up closely without removing any of it. You will reapply the lip gloss I'm going to give you then you'll walk back here again thinking about everyone seeing you. Do you understand?
"Yes Mistress" was all he said.
I knew the walk to the bathroom would embarrass him but it would be nothing compared to his humiliation on the walk back after he saw just how clearly the bra showed thru his shirt and how visible was his make-up.
As he started to stand up I stopped him with some final instructions "You are to keep your hands at your sides the entire time and I want you to smile and make eye contact with everyone that looks at you. No averting your eyes and pretending no one can see you. By smiling and making eye contact you'll let everyone know that you're not embarrassed."
He stood up and quickly walked to the bathroom. I followed the path he took with my eyes but really was looking to see people's reaction to him. A lot of customers stopped what they were doing to watch him and to my delight pointed him out to those at their tables that didn't see him initially. I bet every eye would be on him when he walked back to our table.
My husband took forever in the bathroom. As I suspected and he confirmed when he returned that seeing just how visible the bra was and how much make-up he was wearing that there was no way he was walking back through the bar and restaurant looking like he did. But after several minutes he knew he couldn't remain in the bathroom all night and if he wanted to get back to the hotel he'd have to return. Of course it helped that a couple of men also entered the bathroom and seeing the bra under his shirt and his make-up actually asked him for blowjobs!
From what I could tell just about every person along his path back to our table stopped eating or drinking and watched him. I was so proud of my submissive hubby. I knew he was dying of humiliation but he kept his hands at his sides and smiled the entire walk back and looked from side to side making eye contact with everyone.
All I could think was if he was actually doing this, then I needed to up the ante for the rest of the evening. I was determined to push him to his limits and well beyond. I've always called him a slut when he gets submissive but tonight I was going to see just how slutty he was willing to be!
I knew my husband wanted to leave the restaurant immediately upon returning to the table but we still had dessert coming. I ordered him to sit at the table and tell me all about his trip to and from the bathroom. When he was done with the facts, I asked questions about how he felt doing it. Like how humiliated was he? Did he think the bra showed through his shirt enough or should I buy him a sheer blouse to wear next time and add some stuffing? Would he prefer red lipstick vs. pink lip gloss? And how could I make it more embarrassing for him next time?
This conversation went on through dessert but the best part was when the waiter first brought the dessert and because I had too much wine and had no more inhibitions, I asked him "Since you can see Cynthia's red bra clearly under his shirt and don't seem offended, would you like to know what Cynthia is wearing under his pants?"
He either really wanted to know or just was just playing along for a big tip because he smiled and said "Yes I would." I didn't care what his motive was I just wanted another opportunity to humiliate my husband.
I said "Cynthia, tell the waiter what you are wearing under your pants." I didn't think it was possible for my husband's face to get redder but it did.
He looked down at the table and whispered "A thong, garterbelt and stockings."
I lost my temper that he didn't make eye contact and whispered his answer. I glared at him and said "Cynthia you will tell our waiter in great detail what you are wearing and how much you enjoy wearing it or you'll be taking off your pants and showing him. And if you make me order you to take off your pants I'm going to have the waiter take them away and throw them in the trash and you can walk out of the restaurant without pants."
My husband knew I was pissed and wasn't going to cross me again for fear of what I'd make him do. He looked the waiter directly in the eyes and said "I'm wearing a very lacy red thong that made me hard as soon as I put it on. I'm also wearing a matching red garterbelt with white fishnet stockings which turns me on to wear because it makes me feel and look like a slut."
The waiter had a look of interest but told me he had to work till midnight or he just might test my husband's slutiness with my permission of course. I told him not to worry and handed him a business card. He read the card and got a shit eating grin before he walked away.
My husband was dying of curiosity and asked what the business card said since I don't have any of my own for work. I told him "I had some cards made up for your birthday to hand out that has your name, phone number and website."
My husband said "What are you talking about?"
I went into more detail. "I had some business cards made with your fem name Cynthia that say Crossdressing Slut and No Sexual Fantasy Denied along with my cell phone number then added the URL to a photo sharing website where I have been posting pictures of you all dressed up and will post all of this year's birthday photos."
My husband looked panicked but sounded like a broken record when he repeated himself "What are you talking about?"
"For your birthday I'm giving anyone that shows any interest in your crossdressing a card that entitles them to having you dress as a woman and satisfy their fantasies. Of course they'll have to call me on my cell phone to work through the details because I don't want them calling you and you turning them down. And the pictures I've posted on the website will give them a good feel for how much you enjoy dressing in lingerie and going out in public. I even added a hard core page of photos where you're sucking on a dildo and then take it up your ass. I'm sure after they look at all your photos the fantasies will go beyond just a few activities dressed as a woman. What do you think? Do you think they'll want to replace the dildo in the pictures with their cocks?"
My husband has never touched another man's cock much less suck or been fucked by a cock and he was speechless. The humiliation was priceless.
It was time to leave the restaurant, however, before we did I handed my husband a Viagra and told him to swallow it. I would need to make sure he got some relief and lost his hard-on within 4 hours but for the next couple of hours I wanted to humiliate my husband a few more times and having him walk around with a guaranteed raging hard-on was just going to be one of the ways.
As we stood up to leave I came over and kissed my husband very sensuously. With one hand I rubbed his cock so he would walk out with a visible hard-on and with the other hand I unbuttoned his shirt down below his bra and pulled the two sides apart. I wasn't trying to show off his muscular chest or six pack abs, no I was ensuring his red lacy bra was going to be seen by everyone without being covered by his shirt. Hell we'd most likely never see any of these people again so who cares?
I told my husband clasp his hands behind his back and walk in front of me on the way out of the restaurant so I could see people's reaction. At first no one was paying attention so I very loudly asked "So Cynthia, how does it feel to show everyone your bra?" I practically shouted the word "bra" and it worked. There wasn't a customer or employee that wasn't looking at my husband's red bra!
Yes, I was humiliating him beyond his wildest dreams but I knew he was probably more turned on than he ever was before in his life. I couldn't wait to up the ante for the rest of the evening.
We retrieved our coats from the coat check and my husband helped me into mine. When he started to put his coat on I took it from him and told him he wasn't going to need it for the rest of the night.
In front of the restaurant was the taxi I had ordered earlier with the driver standing next to the passenger door waiting for us. He gave my husband a long look as we got in his taxi.
Before dinner when I called and ordered the taxi to pick us up at the restaurant I also made a request for the driver to make a stop at the hotel and pick up the duffel bag for me. The driver got in and handed me the duffel bag that was on the front seat and asked "Where to?"
I replied "I want you to drive around for awhile. And I'll give you an extra fifty dollars if you allow me to have some fun with my husband while you drive. However, I must warn you I'm helping my husband explore his gay side and it will be kinky." Why did I say gay and not crossdressing? I really don't know but it seemed the right thing to say and based on the look of horror on my husband's I knew I just added another layer of humiliation.
The driver looked at us in the rear view mirror for a few seconds then finally said "For fifty bucks you can do anything you want as long as it's not illegal."
I turned to my husband and told him to take his shirt off and hand it to me. He sat there frozen and gave me a look that was pleading me not to make him do it.
"Cynthia, give me your shirt right now and I'll go easy on your punishment. If I have to tell you again you will be very sorry." Needless to say my husband took off his shirt immediately and handed it to me.
My husband was now sitting in a cab topless but for his red bra and was looking very embarrassed. I told my husband to close his eyes and put his head back. Then I started playing with his very sensitive nipples through the bra. He squirmed a little at first then started getting into what I was doing. His moans of pleasure were the giveaway.
I looked in the mirror and saw the cab driver was watching us intently. He probably didn't know what to think. But I did. I stopped playing with my husband's nipples and he let out one more moan as if to say don't stop.
"Cynthia, take off your shoes and pants and give them to me." There was no hesitation this time which meant my husband was hornier than hell and would do anything I told him to.
I reached forward and put my husband's shirt, pants and shoes on the front seat next to the taxi driver and said "The next time you stop would you please be kind enough to put these clothes in the trunk of your car as my husband won't need them till we get back to the hotel."
The driver pulled over almost immediately and with a big grin got out of the taxi put all my husband's clothes in the trunk. I think the driver was actually enjoying this kinky scene and was wondering where it would go next.
When Leon (the taxi driver's name) got back in the driver's seat he didn't just look in the rearview mirror. He turned around and stared at my husband. I could tell my husband was dying of embarrassment and wanted to cover up and hide but I wouldn't let him. I told him to sit there with his hands at his sides and his legs spread. Then I started playing with his nipples again. Pulling and twisting just hard enough that he started groaning again. His cock remained rock hard without me even touching it. I wonder what he thought of Leon seeing his hard-on under his thong.
I finally said to Leon "Cynthia will do anything you tell him to get his clothes back when we get to our hotel. But in the meantime I think Cynthia is too sexy not to show off. What do you think?"
Leon actually started laughing and said "Yes, I think Cynthia should be seen."
My husband's eyes got real big at that and I knew why. I said "show off" which has always meant to us an activity in a public location where someone might see him but most likely not vs. the driver saying "seen" which has always meant a guarantee he'd be seen by numerous people. Was the driver using the same definitions? With his male clothes in the trunk and the taxi driver involved he didn't know what to think. In his fantasies a third party was always a sexy woman not a big black man with tattoos that looked like a body builder.
I reached into the bag I previously packed with goodies that Leon picked up at the hotel and took out my husband's 5 inch stiletto heels with locking cuffs. I told him to put the heels on and lock the ankle cuffs with the locks I handed him. These heels were not coming off till I gave him the keys. Too bad for him that the keys were "accidently" left at home in my nightstand. No use spoiling the surprise. I'll tell him later.
"Leon, if Cynthia were your submissive slut, where would you take him so he would be seen but not arrested?"
Leon thought for a minute then started saying "I'd take him to..." and I cut him off.
"Please don't say where and ruin the surprise. Just drive us there."
Leon drove for about 10 minutes to a sleazier part of town then pulled into a parking lot and stopped in front of an Adult Book Store. Oh my God, I thought. I wouldn't have come up with this in a million years but it was perfect. The parking lot had about twenty cars in it so I knew the store would be filled with mostly if not all men and they would all have sex on their minds. I couldn't predict their reaction to how my husband was dressed but I was thinking it couldn't be too negative, because after all they were in an Adult Book Store.
I reached in the bag and pulled out my husband's 40DD breast forms and put them in the cups of his bra. Then I took some bright red lipstick that matched the lingerie and applied it to his lips. I couldn't think of anything else to add to make this more humiliating except to rub his cock to ensure it was hard as it could get. And now with the Viagra kicking in it wasn't going to get soft anytime soon.
Leon got out of the taxi and opened the rear door on my husband's side of the car. My husband didn't get out of the car so I grabbed his balls and started squeezing them.
I said 'Cynthia you have no choice in this matter. Your male clothes are locked in the trunk and you won't get them back until you do everything Leon or I tell you to. You're hours from home without ID, credit cards or money. Not that they'd do you much good dressed the way you are. I'm your Mistress and you're my sub for this entire trip and looking at the muscles on Leon, I'll bet he can make you do anything he or I want. Now you either go into the Adult Book Store and walk up and down every aisle while Leon and I watch or I'm going to have Leon drag you from the car and take you to the glory hole and make you give blowjobs to every customer."
I would never do that to my husband but the way this evening had gone so far he probably thought I was serious. He slowly got out of the car and looked around the parking lot to see if anyone was looking. How stupid was that? Why would he care who might see him in the dimly lit parking lot when he was about to walk into a brightly lit Adult Book Store and walk up and down every aisle in his garterbelt, stockings, thong, bra and 5 inch stiletto heels.
I walked into the store first. I figured a woman walking into an adult book store by herself would attract every man's attention and I was right. All eyes were on me as I stood just inside and to the left of the door. Then when my husband walked in a minute later all eyes immediately went to him. My back was to the door so I was facing all the customers and their reactions to my husband were priceless. Leon followed right after.
I heard cat calls, "What the fuck is that?", "Tonight's my lucky night" among other things. I'd already told my husband he was not to acknowledge he knew us. He was to act as if he was in the store of his own free will and was having fun walking around in just his lingerie.
I think my husband has the cutest little butt and I was hoping as he walked the store that there were at least a few guys that were either gay or bi-sexual that would appreciate the show he was putting on. It would even be better if my husband's ass framed by the garterbelt convinced a few straight guys to admire it.
As Leon and I stood there watching everyone check out my husband, Leon interrupted me to introduce me to the man behind the counter that happened to be his brother and who also owned the store. Leon explained to his brother Marcus that I was dominating my husband and wanted to show him off in public just wearing lingerie to explore his gay side and Leon was helping. Marcus offered to help in any way possible and said I could keep my husband in the store as long as I wanted.
Meantime my husband was walking down the 1st aisle till he realized there were two men in the aisle and he would have to pass within inches of them. He stopped and I could tell he was trying to think of a way out but came to the realization he had no options. There wasn't a sound in the store as everyone stood still and had their eyes were glued to my husband. He started walking again and the sound of his stiletto heels clicking on the floor was unbelievably loud.
When he got to the end of the aisle he realized there was a wall so he'd have to walk back out the aisle he was in vs. going around the end and out aisle two. I quickly did the math. Ten aisles and it took him 30 seconds to walk from one end to the other and 30 seconds back. He'd be done walking all the aisles in about 10 minutes. I actually wondered if it was safe for his face to be such a bright red from embarrassment for those ten minutes.
I sure wish Michele was here to photograph this but since she wasn't I took out my camera phone and started taking pictures. I knew these were not going to be anywhere the quality of photographs she would take but thought she still might enjoy a copy of them.
I swear by the fourth aisle my husband was starting to enjoy himself. He was now holding his head up and making eye contact with the men instead of looking at the ground like when he first started. By the sixth aisle his face was no longer red and by the eighth aisle he was smiling. I knew the slut would get off being seen! I also noticed Cynthia was walking much slower and his hard-on was sticking out the top of his thong. It was almost as if he didn't want this experience to end and was dragging it out.
He actually stopped and talked with some of the customers and I'm guessing that by how close they were standing to each other that either the men were feeling up my husband or he was rubbing their cocks. How kinky is that? Damn I wish I could have seen that action!
Done with his walk, my husband was heading for the store's exit when I held up my hand and stopped him. I then handed him a stack of the business cards I had told him about earlier and told him to back through the store and hand every customer a card.
It would have been bad enough if I just made him leave a stack of business cards on the counter. But by ordering him to walk the entire store handing out the cards it gave the customers time to read Crossdressing Slut and No Sexual Fantasy Denied and react while he was still walking around. Needless to say there was a very positive and enthusiastic reaction to the business cards. And a few of the customers were sporting boners in their pants. I briefly thought of having Cynthia suck off a few but decided this wasn't the right time or place to give his 1st blowjob.
When we finally got back in the taxi I asked my husband "Did you enjoy yourself?"
"I was totally humiliated." was his response.
"Cynthia, that's not what I asked. Did you enjoy yourself?" Calling my husband Cynthia was to remind him of his place.
"Yes"
"Yes, what?" I demanded
"Yes, Mistress"
"So what did you enjoy most? Walking around the store in just lingerie the 1st time or going back and giving your business card to every customer knowing that some if not all will be calling and requesting you to fulfill their sexual fantasies?"
He blushed with embarrassment and whispered "I enjoyed being forced to do both of them. Each activity was completely different and totally humiliating and they both turned me on. But I don't think I ever want to do them again."
I smiled at my husband as I lightly ran my fingernails over his cock. He couldn't help but moan and thrust his cock at me hoping I would give it more stimulation and let him cum. Not a chance!
"Well Cynthia, there isn't a chance of that not happening again. You've opened my eyes tonight to just what a slut you are and it's turned me on. So for the rest of your birthday weekend I'm going to push your limits and then we'll see what new adventures are in your future."
I wanted to play some more mental games with my husband so I said "Cynthia you have one hell of a hard-on that looks like it needs relief. If you don't cum and get soft within 4 hours from when you got hard I'll be dropping you off at the hospital's Emergency Room and leaving you there. Can you imagine the reaction to you dressed the way you are sporting an erection that won't go down? Of course since it's not life threatening you'll probably have to sit in the waiting room while the more critical patients are taken care of. Everyone will be staring at you dressed like a slut with a hard-on. And since you don't have any credit cards or money much less ID, you won't be able to leave. But I do promise I'll come by after I've had breakfast in the morning to see if you need a ride home."
Of course I was stroking his cock enough to make it twitch but not cum while I was talking.
I continued "Will that turn you on if I abandon you at the hospital for 12 hours wearing nothing but your lingerie and hard-on? Maybe the nurses will restrain you a hospital bed and take turns riding your cock but never let you cum? Or maybe the Security guards and their nightsticks will pay your ass a visit. Your hard-on will prove how much you are enjoying the anal action and I'll bet keep they fucking your ass for hours and probably not just with their nightsticks."
Poor Cynthia was moaning louder at these risqué thoughts and he was also trying to hump my hand to get to cum. Not going to happen! I removed my hand from his cock and he was so desperate to cum he continued to hump the air to no avail. This told me he was horny enough to do anything for relief. Hell I'd even bet he'd beg to be allowed to suck and fuck a few cocks just to cum.
Well I'm definitely going to take advantage of Cynthia state of mind. I said "Cynthia your only way back into our hotel room and be allowed to cum is to show me what a complete and total slut you are." He moaned at that thought and promised me he'd be the perfect slut and do anything I asked to prove it.
I took my fingernail and started scratching the head of his engorged cock. I knew from prior experience this drove him nuts. He found it very stimulating but he could not cum by this alone. After a few minutes he just started saying "Please, please, please" over and over.
I then started to gently rub my hand up and down his cock and asked "Please what?"
"I need to cum so fucking bad. Please tell me what I can do to prove what a slut I am."
Instead of answering his question I threw it back to him "Why don't you tell me what you want to do to prove you're a slut? Notice I didn't tell you what to do because I already know you're horny enough to do anything I tell you to. No, I want to know what you want to do. Tell me slut, what kinky nasty things do really want to do for me? And it cannot be anything you've ever done before. You're going exceed your limits if you want to cum."
I knew I was painting him into a corner because there are very few things he hasn't already done to "I'll do anything at all, just please let me cum."
"That's not what I asked. What I asked is what you want to do to prove you're a slut so you can cum."
And that's when he said those six words that he always fantasized about but would never really do. "I want to suck a cock."
OMG! I can't believe he said that. It's one thing to say it to me when we're alone in the privacy of our house, but to say it in the cab with Leon only a couple of feet away. He must be so fucking horny!
I kept stroking his cock and decided to up the ante. "So just by sucking a cock you think I'll let you cum? You've sucked a dildo for me so what is the difference? Oh I know, a cock can cum. So are you saying you want a cock to cum in your mouth and you'll swallow every last drop so you can cum?"
"Yes"
"Yes what? You need to tell me what you want to do."
"I want to suck a cock till it cums in my mouth and swallow every drop. Please let me do it!"
I hadn't anticipated this so I just sat there quickly thinking of options when Cynthia finally looked up and realized Leon was still sitting in the driver's seat but had turned around to watch and listen to the entire conversation. Leon hadn't said a word but you could tell he was enjoying himself. My husband actually blushed which I thought was very funny considering everything Leon had had already seen.
I figured since this was probably going to be a once in a lifetime experience for my husband I should push him as far as he would go and the worst that could happen is the answer would be no so I decided to go for it. "Leon, that sure sounded like a slut that is in desperate need of sucking a cock. Would you like Cynthia to give you a blowjob?" This was beyond my wildest dreams and crossed my fingers that Leon would say yes.
Leon thought about it for a minute then finally said "I've never been sucked off by a man, but then based on what I've seen so far tonight Cynthia isn't much of a man. So yes, I think I'll enjoy cumming in his mouth."
This was getting better by the minute! Now I just had to work out the logistics. I turned to my husband and said "Cynthia, get out of the car and start walking down the street. Leon and I need to talk for a couple of minutes and when we're done we'll come pick you up but only if you do exactly as I say. Walk down the right hand side of the street so you are well lit by the streetlights and walk towards the intersection with the stoplights. If we haven't picked you up by the time you get to the intersection you are to walk across the intersection till you get to the far corner then wait till the light changes and walk across the other street then wait for the light to change and walk back towards us then when the light changes cross the street again to get to where you started from. In other words you are going to be walking in a counterclockwise square around the entire intersection. And we still haven't picked you up then you are to continue walking this same pattern around the intersection till we do. This should give a lot of folks the opportunity to see what a slut you are. Do you understand?"
Cynthia said "Yes, but I could get arrested for walking around in a thong."
He had a point but luckily I had it covered (I know a stupid play on words). So I took out a red mini-skirt and white sheer blouse I had in the duffel bag and told him to put them on. I had these in the bag because I knew once his stiletto heels were locked on he'd never be able to put his pants back on and he had to wear something when we entered the hotel.
He got out of the cab and put them on and OMG if Cynthia didn't look like a hooker in his white sheer blouse with the bright red bra showing, a red mini-skirt, white fishnet stockings and red stilettos that just said fuck me. I knew right then that even if Leon and I were done talking we were going to just sit in the car and watch poor Cynthia walk around that intersection several times and enjoy his humiliation.
As soon as Cynthia started walking down the street I turned to Leon and told him what I had in mind to ensure he was OK with it which he was. Then I made a call to Michele to let her know the change of plans and make sure she was still game. I guess I was lucky because Leon said he didn't mind an audience and now instead of Michele and her husband walking in on my husband dressed in just lingerie, they were going to come out of the bedroom and surprise my husband with a cock in his mouth too. Cynthia likes sexual humiliation and this ought to humiliate him beyond his wildest imagination. And with Michele keeping a set of the photos and video to share, his humiliation should continue long into the future.
After I thought Cynthia had been seen by enough folks Leon started the cab and we picked him up and drove to the hotel. I played with Cynthia's cock the entire ride but stopped every time he got close to cumming. I wanted to make sure he was horny enough to follow through and give Leon a blowjob. When we got there I knew Cynthia wanted to put his male clothes back on and that's when I broke the news that I left the keys to the locks on his heels at home so he was not going to be taking off his stiletto heels or putting on pants till we got home. The look on his face was priceless! So I thought I would add to it by giving him something else to think about. I said "Before we leave to go home tomorrow you are going to drive to a gas station and fill up the tank then before we get home we're going to stop at that really busy gas station by our house and you are going to get out and top off the tank but this time without your blouse. You'll just be wearing a stuffed bra, mini-skirt, fishnet stockings and heels. I want to make sure there is no doubt in any one's mind what a slut you are! And in between we are going to use the drive thru at a fast food restaurant and get lunch and yes you will be driving." He squirmed and moaned with anticipation when I told him that. What a horny slut!
I then gave him the choice of walking into the hotel dressed as the slut he was or he could give me back the skirt and blouse and he enter just wearing lingerie. I guess that really wasn't a choice but the skirt and blouse was what I had planned for him walk back through the lobby and to our room before we left on the trip. I enjoyed hearing him tell me he wanted to walk into the hotel in the mini-skirt and blouse. This was turning out to be one hell of a birthday and the best was still to come or should that be cum?
We all got out of the cab and I could tell the reality of what Cynthia was about to do was making him nervous. I wasn't going to pass up on an opportunity to make it worse so I asked Leon to give me Cynthia's male clothes from the trunk then I ordered Cynthia to walk into the hotel lobby and wait for me while I went and locked them in the trunk of our car. Poor Cynthia gave me a pleading look of please don't make me do that but I wasn't going to play nice. I wanted him totally humiliated and this was just one more way. I said "You will walk into the hotel lobby right now and stay there till I decide you've been seen and even questioned by enough people as to why you're dressed like a slut before I'll come in the lobby and we can go to our room. And once we're in our room you are going give your first blowjob and swallow every drop of cum. Or would you rather I just continue to play with your cock without letting you cum then and then have Leon drop you off at the hospital after you've been hard for 4 hours? Either way you'll be humiliated which is what you want but if you don't walk into that lobby right now I will never indulge in your crossdressing again. What's it going to be slut?"
Cynthia didn't say a word. He just started walking towards the hotel lobby. I stood there and watched him till he was inside before I went to my car and put his male clothes in the trunk. Then Leon and I walked up to the hotel but didn't enter as I wanted to watch Cynthia in the lobby. OMG! There must have been some sort of convention at the hotel that ended at the same time as all these men with badges came out of a hallway and walked by Cynthia. Well most walked by but several stopped right next to Cynthia. I'm guessing they were single or horny and hoping to get lucky. Little did they know that at this point Cynthia was so fucking horny he'd have given anyone of them a blowjob just so I would let him cum.
It was very tempting to walk in and if that is what they wanted to offer blowjobs for all but I really wanted Cynthia's first time to be special. As in only one blowjob with what I hoped would be a very large black cock with his best friend watching Leon pumping a load of cum in Cynthia's mouth. And obviously I wanted pictures and video of the occasion.
I really hoped Michele took me serious when I told her I wanted her to use the photos and video to share and humiliate my husband every chance she could. I know I will be sharing them with some of my friends and even a few select relatives which will make future get-togethers very humiliating. The only question I have is what will be the most humiliating? Tell him I've shared with family and friends but not tell him with who so he'll be embarrassed at any get together not knowing if they've seen his photos. Or not tell him and let those I shared with blindside him when they tell they saw of his birthday pictures – his reaction should be priceless!
Once we got in the room I put on some music to cover any sounds Michele and her husband might inadvertently make when they entered the room. Then I asked Leon to stand near the left hand side of the window so when Cynthia was facing him it put Cynthia's back to the bedroom where Michele and her husband were so he wouldn't see them when they came out. Next I ordered Cynthia to remove his blouse and skirt so he would only be wearing lingerie. Then I told him to take off his thong so his hard-on was exposed and providing proof of how much he was enjoying this.
Next I told him to kneel 3 feet in front of Leon. Once he was kneeling I had a brilliant idea and used a scarf to blindfold Cynthia so Michele and her husband could now stand in front or any angle that gave them the best view of Cynthia sucking a cock while they took their photos and video without him knowing. I opened the bedroom door so they knew it was OK to come out and join the fun.
Now I was ready for my favorite part of humiliating my husband. Yes, he gets turned on being seen all dressed up but I know what really gets him off – it's the mental humiliation I put him through and this is a perfect scenario for it.
"Cynthia, you know you are visible to anyone in any of the buildings across the street kneeling there in front of Leon in just your lingerie and when you suck his cock they will all be watching. Does that turn you on?"
"Yes"
What a slut! "What if they take pictures or even a video of you giving your first blowjob and post them to the internet, will that turn you on?"
"Yes"
"So you want to be photographed giving a blowjob and that person sharing the photos so everyone will know what a slut you are?
"God, yes!"
"You're such a slut Cynthia. Should I invite one of my girlfriends to come watch you give a blowjob?"
"Yes! I'll do anything if you will."
"I know you'll do anything. You're so fucking horny. What if I invited one of your friends like Michele to watch?" That got his attention and he started thinking with his big head.
"No, I wouldn't like that."
"Why not slut? You're willing to suck a cock while a stranger or one of my girlfriends watches."
"A stranger I'd never see again and I don't believe you would ever invite one of your girlfriends to watch. I think you're just playing to my fantasy to say you would."
"You didn't answer my question and you will be punished for it. You had better answer it now or your punishment will be much worse. Why don't you want me to invite Michele to watch you give a blowjob?"
"It would be too humiliating for me anytime I see her in the future."
"But you want to be humiliated. That's what you get off on and I will humiliate you any way I choose. And for your first blowjob I choose to have Michele here to watch. And for your punishment for not answering my question I want her husband to be here too. Will that turn you on?"
"The fantasy turns me on but I don't want it to happen."
"Too bad I don't care what you want. I want to give you the ultimate humiliation for your birthday present. So Michele and her husband will be here watching you suck Leon off and swallow all his cum. And you'll be kneeling in front of the window wearing only your lingerie with a hard-on that just won't quit because you're getting off giving a blowjob. And do want to know the best part slut?"
"I'm not sure I do."
"Michele and her husband are going to photograph and video you giving Leon a good cock sucking and then they are going to share the photos and video with some of your mutual friends as well as anyone else they choose. I told them they could. No, let me correct that, I told them they must share if they want to watch you give a blowjob. I told them how you like to be humiliated and they agreed showing your friends the photos and video is a perfect way to add to your humiliation."
OMG! Cynthia's cock is bobbing because he's so fucking horny! He looks like he is going to cum without even being touched. He better not or there will be hell to pay.
"And you know what? They jumped at the opportunity to see you give a blowjob so they are standing right here with me looking at you and listening to everything you are saying."
I know Cynthia thought I wasn't telling the truth so it was almost time to take off the blindfold but first "Cynthia I want you beg Leon to allow you to suck his cock."
This was the moment of truth. Is Cynthia horny enough to beg to suck a cock? Because once he does there will be no turning back. He will suck Leon till he cums and swallow every drop.
"Cynthia, I don't hear you begging? If you don't start right now I'm going to suck Leon till he's good and hard then he's going to fuck your ass till he cums deep inside you. Then when he pulls out you are going to lick him clean then suck on him till he's ready to fuck your ass a second time. Is that what you want?"
I guess not because Cynthia immediately said "Leon, please let me suck your cock! I've never sucked a cock before but I want to so bad. You've helped my wife humiliate me tonight and I'm begging you to please let me thank you properly by giving you the best blowjob you've ever had. I want you to fill my mouth with your cum and I'll savor every drop as I swallow it. Please, please let me suck you off!"
I could tell Leon liked the idea by the very large lump in his pants. And the look on Michele and Ron's face was priceless. I had said my husband was a submissive slut but witnessing it firsthand was different. Is that a lump I see in Ron's pants too?
Looking at Ron and his camera it hit me. Not only was this going to make great video but the audio was going to be special. Imagine my husband answering the phone at work and hearing himself beg to suck Leon's cock. Maybe I'll order him to put the phone on speakerphone before I play the audio.
I smiled at Leon and said "I think Cynthia wants your cock. Are you going to give it to him?"
Leon's answer was to start taking off his clothes. What a body! All muscle but the most impressive part was his cock. Too bad I'm married or I might be tempted to give it a ride. I'm guessing at least 10 inches long and very thick. No wonder he wasn't shy about stripping. I looked at Michele and could tell she equally impressed.
Leon stepped up to Cynthia and touched his lips with his cock. Cynthia opened his mouth and Leon slid a couple of inches in. I've had Cynthia suck many a dildo in the past while I gave instructions on how to give a blowjob to humiliate him, but now his dildo sucking skills are going to be put to good use. I watched Leon enjoy the first couple of minutes then asked him to pull out for just a minute.
When he did I asked Cynthia if he was enjoying his first real cock as if I couldn't already tell by his hard-on.
Cynthia answered "Yes, I like it. I want to suck Leon off!"
What a slut! "Well before you do I want you to take off you blindfold and then you may finish giving Leon a blowjob."
Cynthia took off the blindfold and when he saw Michele and Ron I thought he was going to die of embarrassment but Leon came to the rescue when he shoved his cock back in Cynthia's mouth. This gave Cynthia something else to think about while it sunk in I wasn't just playing head games with him earlier. Yes, his best friend and her husband were watching him suck a cock while he was wearing lingerie and they had cameras!
Poor Cynthia closed his eyes while he continued to give Leon a blowjob. Maybe he thought if he couldn't see Michele and Ron they couldn't see him. I thought of telling him to keep his eyes open but then had a better idea for after Leon came.
Cynthia hasn't learned to deep throat a dildo yet but watching how much of Leon's cock was not in my husband's mouth it will be number one on the agenda once we get home.
Leon was slowly face fucking Cynthia but was still trying to work more of his massive cock into his mouth with every thrust. It was working as I kept seeing more and more cock disappear. I'm guessing it took a good 15 minutes but finally Leon's pubes were touching Cynthia's face. OMG! Cynthia was deep throating a cock!
Now Leon started to pick up the pace and give Cynthia a good hard face fucking. I could tell Cynthia was loving it or at least getting off on the humiliation because his pre-cum was flowing. I pointed it out to Michele and Ron so they could zoom in on it with their cameras. I did this in a loud voice to make sure Cynthia heard me above his cock sucking to add to his humiliation.
It took at least another 10 minutes before Leon finally filled Cynthia's mouth with cum. I was almost hoping he would be all the way down Cynthia's throat when he came so there would be a direct deposit. But Leon pulled out till only his head was in Cynthia's mouth when he started cumming. I swear it took close to a minute for him to stop pumping cum and pull his cock out.
I immediately told Cynthia not to swallow but to open his mouth so we could all see the load of cum in his mouth. While his mouth was open Michele and Ron moved closer and took some close-up shots and video. Finally I told Cynthia to swallow every drop which amazingly he did.
I could tell Ron got hard watching the action so I offered Cynthia's services which I think he wanted but declined. It could have been because his wife and I would be watching or it could have been due to the size of Leon's cock and he didn't want a comparison.
Regardless I wanted my husband to service Ron at some point even if I'm not there to witness it. I could imagine how humiliated he will be that Ron and Michelle were here to witness him giving his first blowjob to a stranger but I can't even begin to think humiliating it will be every time he sees Ron after he sucks him off. Yes, I want Cynthia to die of embarrassment every he sees Ron. So I said "Ron as a way of thanking you for shooting video of Cynthia's first blowjob, I want you to know Cynthia is available to give you a blowjob anytime you want. I'd prefer if you ordered Cynthia to dress like the slut he is and suck you off, but anytime you are with my husband no matter how he's dressed I hope you tell him to give you a blowjob."
I then spoke to my husband "Cynthia you just heard that I offered your services to Ron anytime he wants and you need to understand what that entails. If Ron ever calls and asks for Cynthia you will get dressed like a slut and go give Ron a blowjob. If you are with Ron and he calls you Cynthia you will immediately become submissive and do anything Ron tells you to. If Ron tells you to strip to just your women's lacy thong you will do it no matter where you are or in front of anyone else that is there. And if Ron wants a blowjob you will suck him dry and swallow every drop. And if per chance Ron tells you to blow someone else in addition to or instead of blowing him you will do it. Ron is now your Master just like I am your Mistress. Do you understand?"
Not knowing if Ron had any interest in dominating Cynthia, I just hoped he would play along at least for the evening.
It took a moment but finally Cynthia said "Yes."
Yes was the correct answer but it wasn't very humiliating "Cynthia I want you to look at tell Ron and tell him he is your Master."
Cynthia looked directly into Ron's eyes which made it more humiliating than looking down at the floor and said "You are my Master and I will do anything and everything you tell me to no matter how humiliating it may be for me."
Then to pile on Cynthia's humiliation I told Ron that Cynthia is also available to play hostess at his monthly poker parties and Ron could guarantee everyone at the party would go home satisfied if he chose. Ron got a big grin at that and said he was now looking forward to the next party and that Cynthia would most definitely be servicing all the men.
Cynthia had a look of horror which told me I pushed the right button.
I looked at Cynthia and said "You need to cum soon or I'll be dropping you off at the hospital. Do you want to cum?"
"Yes. I want to so bad."
"OK slut, masturbate for us."
"What???"
"You heard me, jerk-off for us. And while we enjoy the show I want you to be thinking about the photos and video Michele and Ron will be taking and who they are going to share them with."
I could tell Cynthia was too humiliated to masturbate but I didn't really leave him much of a choice. I handed him a bottle of lubricant and a glass and said do it.
"What is the glass for?" he asked.
But he already knew the answer as I replied "You're going to cum in the glass then drink it."
His cocked twitched at that which told me just how turned on and humiliated he was at the same time by the thought. It doesn't get much better than this!
Poor Cynthia had no real option so he put some lube on his hand and starting stroking.
I could tell when Cynthia was getting close to cumming which didn't take very long at all. I told him to stop and said "So slut, are you ready to offer your ass as well as cock sucking skills to Ron?"
Now my husband has never been fucked in the ass by another man. Me with a strap-on is a different story. If he is very, very horny and desperate to cum he'll tell me he wants to be fucked but it's not his favorite fantasy. So I was kind of shocked when he replied "Yes! I want to suck Ron's cock till he'll fuck my ass deep and hard."
OMG!!! I only hope Ron makes Cynthia regret saying that. And since it was recorded Cynthia can't say he ask for it. And if Ron does fuck his ass, I want to be there to watch because I know I'll get off on it. Hell I'll even strip naked and masturbate while Ron watches as he fucks Cynthia.
"Cum you slut and drink it for us" was all I said and Cynthia shot his load into the glass almost immediately. I don't think I've ever seen him cum as much which again proves I pushed all the right buttons. Cynthia has no desire to drink his cum after he's orgasmed but he must still be fucking horny because he didn't hesitate and put the glass to his lips and drank every drop while we watched.
Since the show was over Leon got dressed and Michele and Ron packed up their cameras. Before they left I had Cynthia thank them for helping to humiliate him.
When they had left Cynthia turned to me and said "Thank you Mistress for the best birthday ever! I can't wait till next year to see what you do to humiliate me."
I'm sure my husband thought everything would be forgotten in the morning and life would go on as usual but it will all come back when Ron calls and says "Cynthia I'm having a poker party tonight and you're the entertainment."