The nurse called to me, "Rebecca, it's time."
Cheryl squeezed my hand; it didn't seem real. Our journey to this point had seemed to have taken so long, how could this really finally be happening.
I almost didn't move, as it was the nurse had to say my name twice before I responded and felt Cheryl standing and helping me to my feet. We followed the nurse out of the reception area and deeper into the clinic, I felt like I was watching two other people.
Was I dreaming, was this even real?
After a series of questions from the admitting staff, Cheryl said in a voice so quiet, it seemed like she was thinking it to me, "They won't let me go past here, I'll be waiting here the whole time and I'll see you after the surgery."
I remember kissing her and then being taken into a prep room. Part of me wondered what she would do for the five hours this was supposed to take.
I still felt like I was in a dream, I had encountered so many upheavals since this began it didn't seem real. Far from a dream though, the reality of the journey was more of a nightmare; at times I never thought I would even survive much less ever get here.
The clinic was bright, open, and very colorful, it was so much different than what I had imagined it would be. Everyone spoke English, but like almost everyone here in Montreal, they all had a French-Canadian accent, I suppose my Texas drawl sounded as foreign to them as theirs did to me and Cheryl.
Over the past year, I had almost backed out many times; the emotional storms, the stigma and misinformation, the hurt feelings and lack of support, and the cost financially, all had almost pushed me past the edge of my sanity.
More than once I had considered just shutting down my feelings, desires, and hopes for the future; giving up and just conforming to what everyone expected of me. I knew that would make me miserable for the rest of my life, but maybe it would be the best thing for my wife, my daughters, my career, and everyone else who knew me.
As I remembered, I knew I was getting upset, I was alone for a moment lying on a hospital bed, and I could feel my heart pounding and anger rising.
"NO!" I silently screamed inside my mind.
What everyone else thought of me and my decision, wasn't me. For all of my forty-two years, I had spent them living up to everyone else's vision of what and who I should be, no more. This was for me; it was about really being me. I knew going back or giving it up was simply not something I could do.
A nurse approached and checked my hospital bracelet, she smiled and said, "Rebecca Smith;" it was at that moment everything suddenly coalesced and focused for me, this was real, this was actually going to happen.
She said quietly, "Rebecca you have waited long enough, it's time for you."
I smiled and closed my eyes for a moment.
As they wheeled me toward the operating room, I remembered the last words my father had said to me before we left Austin two days ago.
"You can back out now, nobody will hold you to this, nobody will remember, your mother and I will just tell everyone you were confused, mistaken," his words were desperate, pleading, not for me however, but for him and my mother, my family, their friends, and all of the people who they thought I was disappointing.
Of course, even he knew everyone was well past the point of understanding. Even if I had wanted to, which I didn't, nobody would forget, nobody would forgive; they were too entrenched. It was far too late, and my parents and those people who blamed me, none of them would ever forgive, much less ever understand.
I felt the prick of a needle, they had given me something, my vision was becoming a little hazy, and I could feel my heart rate increasing, then I felt the reassuring words of another nurse, telling me to relax. I heard the sound of the monitor measuring my heart rate slowly easing. Then the doctor smiled at me as she put on her surgical mask and said just to lay back and count from 100 to 1.
100 ... 99 ... 98 ... 97 ... 89 ... 71 and darkness overtook my world. As I drifted away, I remembered my thoughts as visions of the past filled my subconscious, starting several years back, even before Liz asked if she could run with me.
I was Richard then.
---
It was another busy day; appointments were stacked up along with phone messages and emails, just like yesterday and the days before it. I felt like a ping-pong ball going back and forth between one problem and a dozen others.
This was my job; this was my life; they had ceased long ago to be different things. Each day blurred into the one before and the one after. It had been this way since just before the kids had been born. Our weekends of just Cheryl and me, of trips, fun, and adventure; of a life I barely recognized as mine anymore seemed like someone else's memories now.
I certainly didn't blame my daughters, maybe my job, certainly I blamed myself and maybe Cheryl a little, we had let our careers, our responsibilities, and what we did become who we are so much so, that I didn't even feel like a real person anymore.
That morning, I had no idea my life was about to change irrevocably.
"Richard, can I talk to you for a minute?" a soft but strong female voice spoke from my door almost making me jump out of my shoes. The voice was confident, and self-assured, but with a hint of playfulness and freshness that seemed to cut through the office buzz like a breath of fresh air.
The owner of the voice was one of our corporate lawyers and she was waiting for me to respond, I looked up and she smiled, the room lit up when she did that. Her name was Elizabeth, she was in her late thirties, with brown hair, a little shorter than me, and very likely the most attractive and sexy lawyer I had ever met.
I managed to stammer, "Sure, Elizabeth, what can I do for you?"
"Liz," she said with a quiet voice, "I want to ask a favor."
I knew her professionally, as a senior executive, I knew most of the people working here, but other than short conversations at corporate meetings, we had never really talked casually. I think I had met her husband a couple of times, but right now I couldn't remember him, it was weird, Liz kind of took my breath away.
Then I realized she was looking at me again, waiting.
She wore a men's style white shirt, with the collar open, a stylish if a little short business skirt, heels that looked sexy and very feminine at the same time, a little jewelry, and just enough makeup to highlight her features but not overwhelm them. I detected the scent of wildflowers and spice, but what I found most intoxicating was her eyes, they seemed to see me and sparkle, with an intense and bottomless blue color, all at the same time, I could not remember feeling like that before with anyone I had ever met.
"Sure, anything," I said perhaps a little too eagerly but for me at that moment; everyone else, the phones, and endless tasks, all simply vanished from my mind.
Before I knew it, we had spoken for several minutes and she was thanking me, turning on her heels, and leaving me dazed and totally unfocused.
As I struggled to reconstruct what had just happened, I remembered, she had said someone had told her I was a runner. She added she wanted someone to run with because of several recent assaults in her neighborhood and since we both lived there, maybe we could run together.
I had explained I ran early in the morning, before my kids were up, before the demands of working, family tasks, and a million other things all sucked away my time. She had hoped that was the case because that's when she wanted to run as well.
The responsible and the proper thing to do would have been to say I couldn't. I knew Cheryl would not understand and how people might talk and make something out of nothing. I justified it by saying "It is only running" and that I would explain it to Cheryl and somehow, she wouldn't mind, after all, who would be interested in me, certainly not someone like Liz. Had I been honest with myself, I knew deep down, my heart would not be pulsing this fast if it had only been about the running, I laughed ironically ... actually, looking back I had no fucking idea how everything was going to change.
Where we lived in Austin was nice in the pre-dawn hours, the quiet, the stillness, it was so quiet it really was the only time I could really have time to think and be alone.
Liz met me a block or two from my house, she looked amazingly fit, but for the first mile or so, all she talked about was how good I looked and how lucky she was that we could make this work. I listened as she explained how grateful she was and what a relief it was not to be scared when she ran. Despite liking my solitude, I didn't mind giving that up because I could feel that something "clicked" inside me when Liz asked and I knew even before I opened my mouth that I was going to say yes to her.
Early on an overcast morning, two weeks later, we had been running in the darkness and increasing rain when we stopped in a small park to escape the downpour, when she asked a question; like before I knew the answer was going to be yes.
----
That first morning running with Liz, Montreal was the furthest thing from my mind. In the pre-dawn darkness, I thought to myself that it was nice to have someone to run with. The air was warm, hinting at what we could expect when the sun rose, but now at 5:30 am, it was like Liz and I were the only two people on the planet.
I immediately liked her, not just because of her physical attractiveness, which was certainly obvious, but because she was interesting, intelligent, witty, and very easy to talk with.
Her spirit and energy made it impossible for me not to be excited to be with her. As we ran, with her ponytail swaying almost in rhythm with her hips, I kept thinking to myself how incredibly lucky I was.
Over the days that followed, we felt even more comfortable together, our connection was that tangible. Sometimes we didn't even need to talk, we just ran. One day as she pulled ahead of me and the path narrowed, I watched her. It turned out that we were almost the same age, and I honestly thought she was several years younger than me, we were both shorter than average, both with the toned lean frame runners develop, although she had much nicer curves than me, I smiled admiring her backside, her legs, the easy way she moved, and basically everything about her.
I was having real conversations that weren't about work; Liz really listened to me and wasn't distracted by a million things going on around her like Cheryl. To Liz, I was more than just a "worker drone" and slowly I started to feel things that I thought had died inside me, I knew that was partly unfair, but the feelings were nonetheless very real.
About a week into our pattern of running on alternate days, she began to tell me about her husband.
For the first days we had mostly talked about superficial things, now as we learned more about each other so did the intimacy of our conversations. She described how they had met while in college, about their studies, backgrounds, and the things they shared in common.
Eventually, she shared how their careers made intimacy almost impossible. Her husband was almost twenty years older than her and while originally that had been exciting, now the age difference was a barrier to the things she wanted to do and to try, especially sexually. They were still friends, occasional lovers, but hardly what she had in mind when they got married a dozen years before.
Her frustration at home grew as her success and reputation grew at work, only increasing the divide between them.
She wanted to know about my story about Cheryl. I told her I guess we followed a similar path but our distancing had more to do with the demands of two jobs, two teenage daughters, gymnastics, soccer, band, school trips, night school as Cheryl pursued her masters, and my ever-increasing travel schedule for work.
Cheryl had never really been as interested in sex or intimacy as I was. I had tried almost everything to make her enjoy it more, from always trying to have her orgasm first to even trying role-playing games she said she might like. I found she was just doing so many other things that we went from 6 or 7 times a month to that number each year, and then to virtually not at all for the past few years.
Liz told me she loved oral sex but her husband wouldn't even try it, as soon as she said it, she actually blushed. Then she added she would like to try anal sex and could just imagine his reaction. When I asked what she does for sex, risking being totally shut down, she surprised me.
"Ten-minute missionary sex once or twice a month, then he cums and falls asleep and then I use one of my vibrators and sometimes my butt plugs and watch porn on my phone until I orgasm. Most nights he falls asleep and I just go straight to the phone."
She sighed and before I could think I said, "What a waste, Liz, you deserve to be fucked and made love to all the time." It was my turn to blush in the early morning light.
"Thanks, Rich, I wish so too," and then she was silent for almost the rest of the run.
I worried I had said to much and crossed over a line that made her uncomfortable.
Fortunately, the connectivity between Liz and myself, as we were drawn ever closer through sharing of the joy of exercise and the more intimate conversations about of personal lives, only grew. The topic of sex, what she liked, and what I liked became a common conversation. I knew, like me, she looked forward to our running, especially since she had suggested we meet and run every day during the week after only a few days together. I should have expected something to give at that point, but I was enjoying our time too much and ignored the warning sign.
We had begun to share texts, and coffee breaks, and had been eating lunch together when we could at the corporate cafeteria.
Now thinking back, when I close my eyes, I can almost feel the rain on my face the first time we did more than talk.
We had been running for almost twenty-five minutes, Liz was wearing Nike shoes, white shorts, her sports bra, her hair in a nice high ponytail, and like always she smelled of wildflowers and cinnamon. That day she seemed quieter than normal but still very happy to see me. When the rain first began, we gave it little thought as we never let the weather interfere with our time together. The morning was warm the rain felt refreshing.
When it became harder, we both laughed and she suggested heading for some trees on the edge of a park we frequently ran past each morning.
We stood together in the rain for a long time, after a while she turned and looked at me, "Can I ask you a question?" she asked as she subtly took my hand and held it, it was warm and sent a thrill through my entire body. We stood like that for several moments, I think both holding our breath, partly hidden by the shadows as the deluge showed no signs of abating.
"Sure," I said finally, squeezed her hand, and turned and looked at her; in the streetlights, her eyes seemed to sparkle, I knew what was coming, everything else around us seemed to just stop; now as I think about it, I even felt like the rain hung in the air, neither falling nor rising, everything just stopped.
One moment I waited for her to ask a question, the next her warm soft lips were intertwined with mine.
One moment, we were running buddies, coworkers becoming friends, the next we were so much more. She never asked her question, she didn't need to, and I never said anything, the moment was magic and opened doors neither of us could nor wanted to close.
The sexual tension between us, once released did not dissipate, in fact, it only grew once it was out in the open. I felt her tongue part my lips and I welcomed her into my mouth. My hands roamed her soaked body, one working its way to her firm bottom, softly kneading her toned cheeks, making her moan softly as her too-long pent-up desires surged from their containment.
My other hand found her wet breasts, my fingers and thumbs explored, rubbed, caressed, pinched, and massaged her beautiful boobs. Heavy breathing and much louder sounds of passion joined her soft moans.
We kissed and kissed, her body responding to my touch, so focused on her and what I wanted to give to her, that it took several moments for me to feel her small fingers sliding beneath my waistband and stroking my cock. We were just out of sight of early morning traffic as we kissed and played with each other; we could have been a million miles from civilization for all we noticed.
Liz whispered, "I want you inside me."
She helped me slide her shorts down, revealing a completely shaved pussy, Cheryl would never have done that, but then I remembered what Liz had said about her husband never going down on her. I murmured that I thought her pussy was so sexy, I whispered it in her ear as I surprised her and slowly dropped to my knees.
Moving down, I kissed her boobs, using my tongue, lips, and teeth to kiss and suckle her. I have no idea how long I lingered there, slowly but purposefully, I made Liz moan ever louder, felt her push herself against my mouth, felt the heat building between her legs, and caressed every inch of her body that I could reach.
Finally moving ever lower, I kept kissing and softly biting her, down to and then past her tummy, my hands and fingers gliding with just the lightest touch. I knew her eyes would be closed, and mine would be if I were her, she steadied herself as small tremors shook her knees moving soon to include her entire body.
I kissed and softly used my lips to add to what my fingers and hands were doing, it had been so long since I had done this to and for anyone, unfortunately, like Liz's husband, Cheryl always pushed me away when I tried to do this to her. I could never figure that out, I always tried to do the things to her that I would have wanted if I were a woman; judging from Liz's reaction, I thought she would have loved it.
Liz inhaled sharply as my tongue reached and circled her pussy, slowly running along the folds of her pussy and then taking advantage as her body began to open her lower lips, I began sucking pushing my face into her folds as they engorged and became wetter.
My tongue caressed and worked around, but never touched her little clit. Liz was now leaning hard against me, pushing herself against my face and shifting and rocking her pelvis against my lips, nose, and tongue. Her hands grasped both sides of my head, her body making sounds from letters and vowels that incoherently communicated the message that she was almost there.
The rain may have quit or may have continued, I didn't notice and didn't care. I remember thinking that maybe it would turn to steam as Liz managed to say a few words, "OMG Richard, that feels so fantastic, pplleeasseee dddoonnn'tttt ssstttoooppp." Then she ground herself into my face even harder than before.
The rain must have continued as we were both soaked completely, Liz's trembling was now all-encompassing, and she really struggled to stay on her feet, I began to let up a little and Liz responded in a most, unlike Liz's voice, "Rich, don't you dare stop."
Traffic was becoming steadier and we were barely hidden, as it became more and more light our secret place was less and less hidden, still I didn't slow down.
"Oooooooohhhhhhffffuccccckkkkkkrrrrriiiiiccchhhhaaaarrrrddddd," Liz gasped as she came, her juices flooding my face and mouth, this time her knees did buckle and she collapsed on top of me.
Her breathing came in loud and raspy gulps. She repeated "Ohhhh mmmyyyy GGgggoooddd!!!" over and over again as she remained partially collapsed on top of me.
She finally looked at me after several moments, smiled, and then moved face to face with me, kissing and licking herself from my face, as if she had never done this before with a vitality that almost took my breath away.
It took us several more moments to finally notice the sun was almost completely up and we both realized we had been taking shelter in the trees for more than an hour.
Liz said softly, "Thank you," and she was quiet for several more minutes before kissing me again and then saying, "I still want you inside me Rich, but we both need to get ready for work," she paused, smiled, and kissed me, "Maybe we can find a way later at work if you would like me."
I smiled back and kissed her hard, "I would," and that's how it began. As I said, Montreal was so far removed from my brain, that I would never have imagined everything that would happen to me and how forgotten desires would come to change my destiny.
---
"I want you inside me."
I remember the first time a girl said that to me and how it made me feel. I still find it one of the most erotic things a woman can say to a lover.
From the first time, Liz spoke those words to me on that dark rainy morning right until now, each time I hear those words not only makes me see her as clearly now as that morning but I literally shiver all over.
I see the sparkle in her eyes, feel her excitement, feel the way she looked and felt in my arms and on my lips, both our hunger and desires, and savor how we escaped the routine and predictability of our lives.
That we were cheating was 100% true, and I know I should have felt more guilty. That we could likely never truly be together was also likely true, our company was very conservative, and our board members and senior management were card-carrying members of the local bible belt; the scandal would not amuse them and would likely destroy our reputations, but frankly, our desire and hunger were both so strong, we never truly considered the consequences.
That our feelings bordered on animalistic passion, unbridled lust, and pent-up desire was also very true. I would like to think love was also underlying everything, but caught up in our moments of passion together, we simply could not deny ourselves.
I would like to say every time was as romantic as the setting in the park; however, our first time actually having sex was far from a storybook image. It was, however, very exciting, adventurous, and like every time we met, always held the very real possibility of getting caught. Even now, I do not regret that it happened, for none of what followed would have happened otherwise.
Our first actual sex happened later the same day as our park encounter. Since parting and coming to work, I had been distracted, my thoughts always drifting to Liz, she had texted me during a meeting and had simply said ... "I can't concentrate ... can you?" then there was a short pause, followed by, "I still want you inside me and soon."
Listening to one of the Vice-Presidents droning on and on, my mind easily changed focus and I typed, "When are you free?"
"I'm in a meeting, like you, until 1:30, then I have a short break, then more meetings until late tonight."
"Do you know where the old storeroom is next to the staff coat room?" I texted, glancing up and noticing everyone else in the meeting staring into space or using their phones too.
"Yes."
"It's not very big, but the door has a lock."
"Good," I had to stop texting for a minute as I realized everyone in the room was quietly staring at me; it had been obvious a question had been asked and everyone expected me to answer it.
"Sorry, everyone, I apologize, just a little crisis with a legal issue, but I think we can take care of the problem after our meeting, sorry, could you repeat the question?"
The room relaxed, the question was re-asked and I gave an answer that everyone appreciated and expected.
The clock moved agonizingly slow, and the meeting ended almost at 1:30, I tried not to hurry, but it didn't matter, it seemed like everyone in the meeting was in a hurry and no one even noticed me exiting. Although, I was likely the only one trying very hard to hide something that was also very hard and I worried maybe even leaking pre-cum.
We approached the door from opposite directions at almost exactly the same time, both slightly flushed, out of breath and incredibly anxious. I noticed my hands were shaking.
We both reached for the doorknob and both of us checked to see if anyone was watching us at the same time. As our hands touched, it seemed like we were jolted by electricity, her hand felt warm, her energy flowing into me just from touching her skin, then we were closing the door and I heard the snap of the lock as the door closed behind us.
The room was small, I could only make out her silhouette in the limited light, the scent of her filled my senses, and her breathing was so close, then my lips touched hers.
"We don't have much time," she whispered between kisses, her voice husky and ragged, her passion as obvious as mine.
She was already unbuttoning my shirt as I fumbled with my tie. Her warm lips seemed to melt into mine, I got the same thrill I had this morning. If I was honest, I had wanted to kiss Liz since the first time she had asked me if she could talk to me.
Now actually kissing her, touching, and caressing her, feeling her pushing against me made me feel so incredible I wondered if I had ever really felt alive like this before in my entire life.
As we kissed, she pulled and pushed my shirt from my arms and it dropped away. Her fingers and hands roamed my taut muscles as I, through her clothes I explored her sexy little body as well. She felt so alive, so energetic, and so passionate.
Meanwhile barely inches from us, we could hear people coming and going, all oblivious to our personal, increasingly naked drama unfolding just feet away.
I could feel her undoing my pants while I felt her hot breath on my chest. My clothes dropped to the dusty floor of the room, barely larger than a closet. She had undressed me quicker than I had ever been undressed by anyone before. Not to be undone, her clothes quickly joined them but not before I whispered that she was "naughty" when I discovered she wasn't wearing either a bra or panties.
Her response, "If you think I'm a bad girl, "spank me," a tone that was playful, sexy, and totally serious.
I slapped her taut ass and knew that I had made her tingle and she whispered, "Do it again Daddy," and she moaned slightly as she felt my cock harden even more in response.
We froze for a moment as we heard a female voice say, "Franklin, did you hear that?"
Liz chuckled quietly, "OK, you better save my spanking until later," as Franklin's reply was muffled and we both kissed even more as the voices disappeared.
My hands continued to roam her body, touching, and memorizing every inch, she did her best to stifle her moans and tiny whimpers as my fingers found and explored her special places.
She pushed herself against the upturned palm of my hand, forcing my middle finger deep inside her.
She shuddered a little as I worked inside and out with that finger and soon a second. I could feel my fingers stretching her, pushing deep into her. We could barely contain our passion, she whispered, "Now," and I replaced my fingers with my cock. I wasn't huge, maybe four or five inches, but I was thick and as I felt the tip brush against her lower lips I did not hesitate to push.
She moaned as her tightness created friction as I pushed myself into her, it would be wrong to call what we were doing "making love," nor could be described as simple "fucking," it was neither and it was both. It had been so long for both of us, that whatever it was enough for now.
The base of my cock pushed tight against her smooth skin and she backed herself up and then pushed hard and even deeper than before against me, sooner we were moving in concert, both of us covering the other's mouth with one hand to stifle the sounds we couldn't help making.
I hadn't made out in a closet with anyone since I was a teenager, but right now I was exactly where I wanted to be. Occasionally we heard voices and sensed movement outside the door, as moved together under the influence of each other. The friction and sensations were multiplied by the risk of getting caught and it didn't take me very long before my body trembled, I knew Liz recognized the feeling, she thrust her hips forward and I exploded much earlier than I had wanted to and despite trying to be quiet, I moaned aloud as I filled Liz's pussy.
She kissed me even harder, our bodies joined, my cum corked in her by my still-hard cock.
Liz broke our kiss and knelt in the tiny space, kissing my chest and stomach, allowing my cum to drip silently onto the closet floor. She took me into her warm mouth, licking and sucking me clean, smearing her face, with my cum before straightening and looking at me.
"I can't believe your husband doesn't want you to do that to him," I said quietly so only she could hear.
With her mouth full, I felt her nod slowly, and then lean towards me and French kissed me with a mouth full of our juices, my eyes rolling back into my head as her tongue and all of our flavors felt and tasted incredible.
I began kissing and licking her face clean, she whimpered slightly as she knew I was tasting my own cum for the first time.
It was a little thick, sticky, and had a tangy taste but I did not hesitate. We kissed for what seemed like forever. At some point, Liz said, "Richard, we need to do this again."
I moved my head up and down in agreement, my hands and fingers still busy, not wanting this moment to end.
I could feel her reluctance to stop, but she said, "Okay, I have to get back, help me get dressed."
I knew our clothes would be dusty, and her makeup would be long gone, but I helped her and she helped me.
She whispered, "This was fun, but next time, let's use my office," I used my hands to try to brush away as much of the dirt as I could, accidentally spanking her ass again, this time subconsciously even harder than before."
"Wooo, I like that, keep doing that and you'll make me late for my meeting," she cooed.
"Next time Liz, I promise," and we kissed again.
"Okay," she said, as we both finished getting put back together, "You go first and I'll follow in a minute," we kissed again, then listened.
We heard nothing and I opened the door a little, seeing no one, I slipped out and as I left, Liz slapped my ass.
I turned.
"Maybe you want to be spanked too," she smiled, and then she slipped out, we both headed to the nearby washrooms, which was a good thing because my hair was mussed, I had more of Liz's lipstick on than she did, and I was covered in a light dust from head to toe. I had just a moment to tell Liz she looked beautiful and then she disappeared into the lady's room.
I got a text from Liz, "I'm a wreck, but that was sooooo much fun Richard, I can't wait to do it again."
That was followed by, "I am thinking about you, I am listening to an important client discussing his case with your cum leaking slowly from my pussy ... it feels so incredible."
---
From then on, we would kiss, get naked, make love, or fuck our brains out for what seemed like hours every time we could. Kissing was our gateway to heavy petting and more, almost everywhere imaginable, in the elevator, her office, the lunchroom, the board meeting room, in her car, and in my car. A couple of times she gave me a hand job in my office, which was especially thrilling, as my office didn't even have a lock and more than a dozen staffers could have walked in on us at any point.
I remembered one time one of my female colleagues knocked and then opened my door just seconds after I had gotten my zipper closed. She never said anything, but she smiled knowingly seeing Liz sitting on my side of my desk, the scent of sex thick in the air. One of Liz's favorite things was having sex with her short skirt hiked up and her lacy panties around her ankles, leaning over a desk, and being fucked from behind.
In her office, she kept her blinds closed almost all of the time, but I knew several of the people who were working just outside her office might be able to hear us, many times I had to keep one hand covering her mouth as her moaning would increase with the pace I kept as I moved in and out of her.
In the beginning, we hooked up a few times a week, though soon it was every day, sometimes before we ran, sometimes during our run, at work, after work, and whenever we could find a place or just a little time.
Sometimes we would both keep some clothes on in case we had to quickly get dressed, but as we grew more adventurous, we would strip completely especially in her office, on her desk, against her office door, on the floor, and in her chair.
Liz told me her favorite sensation was the feeling of having my cum leaking from her swollen pussy in her afternoon meetings, it made her feel sexy, wanton, and naughty knowing she had been fucked at work. At first, I thought about how I felt afterward; however, as our frequency and quality of sex increased, I began wondering how she felt afterward and found myself wishing I could experience those feelings.
We came so close to getting caught many times, but two in particular stand out for me.
The first was by a window cleaning crew that appeared barely moments after we had gotten redressed in my office, Liz actually waved to them wearing only her blouse naked from the waist down, her pussy swollen and leaking my cum.
The second time happened when we were both fully nude and were fucking doggy style. There was a knock on the locked door of her office. We only barely scrambled into the very small space under her desk. When she did not immediately answer, whoever it was used a key to open the door.
Naked, aroused, and hiding together we could hear two female voices enter, fortunately, they did not come all the way in the office, but the scent of our sex was thick in the room to anyone familiar with what we were doing would instantly know. We heard one of them giggle a little and the other laugh, "Well now we know why Liz is so happy these days," and they left. Liz, kissed me under the desk and nodded her head agreeing.
Liz said some of her colleagues as well had commented about how much happier she seemed and she said she figured they knew she had a boyfriend but she said nobody suspected it was me that was her lover.
Sometimes when Liz was not feeling up to sex, which wasn't very often, she liked to watch me masturbate fully nude for her in her office, she would remain fully dressed and she would speak dirty to me and tell me how sexy and bad I was, several times after when I was covered with my cum, she would lick me clean and spanked me telling me what a bad influence I was for her.
When her husband was traveling, instead of running, I would go to her house very early before work, she would be naked when she met me at the door. Liz didn't necessarily want to get caught, but being an exhibitionist was one of her strongest desires and mine as well. Standing outside her front door, she would undress me before taking me to her bedroom.
Her bedroom had a big sliding glass door and she would not have the blinds pulled so we were clearly visible to the second floor of the house behind hers. We would make love in every way humanly possible. I have no idea if anyone saw us as when we were together nothing and nobody else seemed to exist, just our passion and desires.
We continued every moment we could for almost two years, as time passed, I continued to wonder what Liz must feel like to be fucked, and at least at some level, I imagined what it would be like if I was Liz and she was me.
I think Liz was an antidote to my life and me to hers. Each time my hands explored her body and discovered her curves and secret places, I felt totally alive. All of my feeling and watching of her back arch as my fingers ran along her toned body, slipping under the waistband of her shorts with no resistance, only hearing her soft whimpers as my fingers discovered she hadn't worn panties only fueled our and my appetite for more. While we ran mostly, almost every day we found we had to interrupt our run because of our feelings, needs, and fiery desires.
Often, as we had done the first time and so many times after, we slipped deeper into the cover of some trees, our hunger overwhelming us, her shorts were gone, her breasts exposed to the quietness of the park, and then my cock was in her and we muffled our passion ... mostly.
One early morning, when we emerged from the park, a police cruiser was parked alongside the curb, the cop looked at us holding hands we walked towards the running path. He glanced at our wedding rings and shook his head.
"I've seen and heard you two more than once," he said quietly but with a voice filled with knowing, "Next time, down the path, a little further is a better spot, less likely to get noticed by a passing cruiser."
I said thank you, he looked at Liz and smiled, "Ma'am," I noticed and wondered why she held a hand in front of her crotch, she blushed and the cop smiled again because it was obvious what we had been doing by the growing wet spot between her legs and the white trail of cum was running down her leg. Soon though, I discovered even antidotes don't always cure what ails you.
-----
Eventually though, reality crashed and burned through my alternate reality with Liz.
In our efforts to be together, we had grown so bold as to go for dinners and movies with our spouses. At first, it worked, but soon even a blind person could see and hear our connection and feelings for each other.
One night after going to dinner with Liz and her husband, Cheryl confronted me with the obvious question. I did not deny what we had been doing.
Cheryl lost her mind, not without cause, screaming at me, swearing like a trucker, calling me every possible name she could think of, she threatened to call my boss, to call Liz, to call her husband.
She didn't talk to me for almost a week and I slept in the basement. I knew at any moment my professional and home life was going to come crumbling down around me.
At work, Liz was scared, afraid for her job, afraid of the scandal, and even a little afraid of Cheryl.
I loved Liz and I believe she loved me, and I honestly believed if we ran away together, we could make a new life.
We talked about it and I offered, but she said "No."
Looking back, I think I understand now, but then I just didn't and couldn't comprehend, I was prepared to face the consequences of our affair; however, life was taking Liz in an entirely different direction.
Just after the implosion of our affair, Liz was offered a partnership in one of the legal firms we did business with and a scandal would ruin this opportunity. Everything she had worked for and her chance at independence was at stake.
I told her, I understood, and supported her decision, but it broke what was left of my heart.
I was being pressured by my family, my responsibility to my daughters, financially, and by Cheryl to put the affair behind me, to pretend it was just a huge mistake, and to return to my previous existence, I hesitated to call it a life, because it was like comparing a colour picture to a black and white one.
To this day, my greatest regret to that point in my life was not being honest with myself. I allowed my responsibilities, pressure from my family, fear for my job, and societal pressure to "do the right thing for all of the wrong reasons."
Liz and I agreed to stop seeing each other. It would be a long time before we saw each other again.
I ran alone, the quiet that had once been soothing now was an emptiness in which I could barely function. In. I withdrew from people at work, tried to do what I could to "suck it up" and live up to what everyone expected of me ... completely unsuccessfully.
I was miserable.
I should have been stronger, but instead, I just got depressed and almost allowed everything to crumble as I had feared it would originally if people found out about Liz and me.
Surprisingly even Cheryl began to worry and insisted I start seeing a therapist. My company, which never did discover about Liz and me, had benefits that covered the cost and they were supportive while "I worked things out."
Cheryl was understanding, she was still hurt, and wary, and eventually insisted I complete my therapy as part of our agreement to try to rebuild things. I would start and if things worked out, then together we would seek counseling. Most of my co-workers chalked it up to a mid-life crisis, mid-life yes, but crisis was too small a word, I felt devastated, alone, and incredibly stuck; and nobody really understood why, to them, it looked like I had the "American dream," but to me it was my own personal nightmare and all of my "things" seemed to mean nothing to me.
---
I had never seen a therapist before and if Cheryl hadn't insisted, I knew wouldn't have gone. After the first three or four sessions I did start opening up and she did turn out to be quite insightful. Initially, she made me talk about my life, from my childhood right up until Liz. She assured me, I could tell her anything without fear she would tell Cheryl. Our sessions became almost pornographic as I related everything to her. Far from being shocked, she encouraged me, asked questions about details, and did not seem to judge me.
My therapist asked Cheryl if she would meet with her and with some reluctance, she agreed. She explained she wanted to know more about our relationship. In my sessions, the therapist, Dr. Brooke Richards, or Brooke as she asked me to call her after our third session, told me my affair revealed a more adventurous sexual side to me than what she expected. Unfortunately, through discussions with Cheryl, she discovered this adventurousness was not shared nor welcomed by my wife.
Dr. Richards encouraged me to try and see Cheryl as sexually as I had Liz, unfortunately when I tried to initiate anything more than just the missionary style Cheryl tolerated, it led to many one-sided arguments and me sleeping in the basement again. Brooke said she supported me and urged Cheryl to experiment and let go, but Cheryl seemed to hate Brooke almost as much as she hated me.
Cheryl didn't want or think she should be speaking to Dr. Richards (her name choice) because she believed that everything that had happened was entirely due to me and my fault. I was the one who had cheated, and I was the one who was depressed, so why was the therapist prying into her life and worse, her sex life.
Brooke managed to convince Cheryl that all of that was true, but if she was going to help me, she needed to understand her and that was the only reason Cheryl very reluctantly agreed.
Brooke admitted to me her process with Cheryl was painfully slow, even to the point of suggesting I should leave Cheryl. Brooke was aware of the guilt, the financial burden if I left, alimony, child support, and scandal; so she agreed as difficult as it was, we needed to find a path through all of this that involved Cheryl.
It took several more sessions to even get Cheryl to talk about sex and would not even listen to Brooke at first when she encouraged her to try sex again. Only because of Brooke's conversations, Cheryl agreed to try to have sex with me again. Brooke told her she wanted her to see sex as something to be savored and enjoyed and it could be much more than simply missionary sex. Cheryl wouldn't budge, and we did have sex, but to call it exciting, to call it making love, even to call it fucking all would have been wrong. Brooke told me to be patient, it was progress.
In the meantime, I had gone from having all of my sexual desires fulfilled by the most exciting woman I had ever met, to nothing, literally overnight.
I started masturbating, a lot, while this took the edge off, it wasn't barely enough of what I needed, so I turned to porn. I watched or read about everything from soft erotica to hardcore, trying to find something to fill my needs.
By accident, I happened to find something that did stir some desire, but I was almost immediately ashamed of myself after watching it, masturbating to it, and then thinking about it afterward.
As soon as I came I slammed my laptop close and went for a run so I could focus on something else.
Later that night, I woke up after a particularly vivid dream and realized I had cum in my sleep. I worried Cheryl would notice, but nothing short of a nuclear bomb would disturb her snoring. I slipped out of bed and cleaned myself up. I was way too old for wet dreams.
The next night, Cheryl and my daughters were at a sporting event for a few hours so I was at home alone.
I resisted for the first hour, but then opened my laptop and watched several more videos and then had an idea. I went into our bedroom and found what I wanted and then stripped naked, put on what I had taken, watched more videos, and had the most powerful orgasm that I had since Liz and I had been caught.
Again, afterward, I felt guilty, and ashamed, and even left the house, walking several blocks before putting the soiled item in a garbage can. I knew I had to talk to Brooke. I thought instead of getting better I was getting worse, and my depression seemed even more overwhelming to me.
In my sessions with Brooke, she wanted me to retell everything, even the smallest details, she said she wanted to know I allowed and desired a relationship with Liz. I explained how it happened, mostly by accident, but I pointed out I didn't resist and allowed my desire to be only fueled by our pleasure, the risks, the sex, and the intimacy. Brooke just listened and made notes.
In one of our earlier sessions, after I explained one of the sexiest things Liz did was to shave her pussy. Brooke liked that and suggested to Cheryl that we add some spice to our foreplay her and I could each shave the other and then make out someplace other than our bedroom. I knew what the reaction would be, but Brooke insisted I try.
Cheryl reacted poorly, really poorly; suggesting that she wasn't a whore like Liz and that we were both adults and why would we want to look prepubescent. To her, the matter was closed. I tried to explain many women and many men were smooth and it was considered very sexy by some. That did not end well either and I slept on the couch again.
In the morning Cheryl was still shocked. She screamed at me it was unconventional, it was indecent, and there was no way she was going to shave me, much less allow me to shave her. She left for work early, storming out of the house without speaking again.
In our next session, Brooke asked what I thought after Cheryl stormed away.
"I thought it was a great idea, I wish she had stayed and at least tried doing it."
"You don't have a problem with being completely hairless?"
"No, not at all," I said, likely a little too quickly again.
"I mean everything but the hair on your head," she smiled.
"Of course," I replied but at the back of my mind, I actually was okay with everything gone and I think Brooke realized that and just nodded with a bit more than a smirk.
"OK, Richard, for our next session, I want you to shave your body and see what Cheryl does, are you okay doing that?"
She could tell I was, and then she hesitated and then asked me more.
"What if she doesn't notice?" I asked.
"I think she will, Richard if she didn't want your marriage to work, she would have filed for divorce weeks ago, I think she wants you, but she just has so much baggage she doesn't know what she wants or how to get there," Brooke sighed.
We were quiet for a few moments and then she looked at me and asked, "Would you consider growing your hair longer, staying shaved, and there is one more thing."
I had longer hair when I was younger but remember the day my father took the clippers to me. At the time my hair had been down to my shoulders and I remember my parents having an argument about me.
"He looks like a goddamn girl, do you know he uses hairspray, the next fucking thing he will be wearing a dress, you said this would pass, it's just getting fucking worse," and he was screaming at my mother. I now remember my fear as I heard his voice again as if it had just happened.
He had given me a buzz cut and had continued to cut my hair for several years afterward; I had completely forgotten about that memory and told Brooke about it as I remembered.
"I had wondered about if something like that had happened to you, do you remember anything else?"
I thought about it and admitted I had been scared of my father and what he might have done to my mother when he was like that.
"I used to wear bright colours and clothes that could have been worn by a guy or girl and my father hated them."
"What happened to them, did you stop wearing them because of your father?"
I searched my memory, it seemed so long ago, like it was a memory of someone else, not me.
"He threw them out the night he cut my hair," I paused, Brooke wait, "He refused to let me wear anything like that again, he made me wear white t-shirts, jeans, white socks, and regular white underwear from then until I moved out."
Brooke nodded; I had no idea where this was going.
Brooke returned to her questions, "So are you okay with growing your hair and keeping yourself shaved?
Then she added, "By the way, what kind of underwear do you wear now?"
"I'm okay with both, and I wear boxers, why do you ask?"
As you know I have been having private sessions with Cheryl, and I am working on a theory to help you both," she paused and then added, "Would you consider wearing men's bikini briefs instead?"
The question seemed unusual, Brooke later told me she had a "working theory" but at this point she wasn't sure and didn't want to get too far ahead of herself.
"What are they?" I really hadn't ever seen them; "Cheryl buys my underwear and I never really ever think about it.
Brooke brought up a picture online of what she wanted me to wear, they looked like women's panties, they were high and tight, looked like they were kind of silky, and before I realized it, I was getting hard and I think Brooke noticed as I saw the slightest smile on her face.
"Yes, they are very similar, if you want you could wear actual panties, believe it or not, they actually have panties for men."
It was then I told her about what I had been doing.
She was quiet for a moment, thoughtful and not judgmental.
"Richard, I think it is okay for you to wear women's panties and to masturbate in them, I understand the attraction, is it a little kinky, yes, but it is very common," she paused, smiling at me, "Richard, after everything you told me, actually I not surprised, personally I think the idea of men wearing sexy underwear is totally acceptable, and you should not feel guilty about it."
I got harder and harder, but said, "I better try the men's for now, but maybe if this works I could try woman's panties."
"Richard, we live in a very repressed and conservative part of the country, if you wear panties, unless you tell anyone, nobody will know, try it, and see how you feel.
It is okay for you to masturbate in them as well, and even consider wearing them to work if you want."
I felt better, but it is impossible to overcome more than forty years of Texas conservatism. We talked about it for a little longer but before long the session was over, she said, "Richard, this is real progress.
"I'm looking for to next week," she smiled and hugged me, that was the first time she had ever hugged me and she held it for a few moments longer than I thought she needed to, but I wasn't complaining.
That night Cheryl didn't ask about the session and I figured I had a week; Cheryl went to bed early and our daughters were at separate sleepovers. I thought about what Brooke had said and decided to follow her suggestions. Shaving would be first.
It was a strange thrill, decidedly something most forty-year-old men, especially in Texas, didn't do. As I walked to the bathroom, I laughed quietly, "I guess showering at the gym is out after this." I remembered the teasing from high school in the communal showers, the way some kids were humiliated by the older and certainly hairier classmates. At least now that wouldn't happen.
I stopped for a moment when I closed the bathroom door, puzzled for a moment about just what to do and how to do it. I did what everyone does, I googled it on my phone.
Apparently, what I wanted to do is called "manscaping" and there were dozens of ways to do this, I fell into a rabbit hole for almost 30 minutes before I decided just to shave.
I stripped naked and paused, I didn't have very much or very thick body hair but I couldn't decide what or how much to shave. Should I just do my pubes or everything? My cock was getting rock hard at the prospect of everything and Cheryl was already mad at me, and I said to the empty room, "So everything it is and I laughed both nervously and excitedly."
I started with my toes and my shins, soon discovering this wasn't going to be easy because although I didn't think my hair was very thick, it actually was when I started to remove it all. I learned fairly quickly though and used a lot of shaving cream and shook out the razor quite often.
I continued up my thigh, having to lift my foot onto the bathroom vanity to do the back of my leg, several times running my hand over my now smooth left leg sending chills through my body and causing small amounts to clear pre-cum to drip in long strands from my cock.
Just as I started on my other foot, suddenly I thought about my running and whether people would notice me having shaved legs, for a moment I felt the beginning of an anxiety attack. Then I realized it was already too late, people would surely notice one shaved and one hairy leg. I thought about what Brooke would say and immediately felt better. I started shaving the other one. It felt amazing as well, part of my excitement was knowing people might notice for sure now.
My legs were muscular but not big and bulky and as I touched them, I was reminded of how Liz liked how I stroked and touched her legs, simply running my hands up and down them and enjoying her smoothness would bring her to the very edge of orgasm and now I could understand why she felt this way, as I did this, I could feel my own body responding.
I forced myself to stop caressing my now very smooth and sexy-looking legs, I thought they were anyway, and grabbed a pair of small bathroom scissors and cut away as much of my pubic hair as possible, taking great care to not cut anything important. When I cut away as much as I dared, I lathered myself and shaved all of the hair away.
I couldn't remember a time when I didn't have hair there, but in about twenty minutes I was completely bare down there, it felt just like when I touched Liz, I couldn't help myself and my cock erupted two long lines of cum onto the floor.
I was shocked, how could I cum so hard and so fast, I stood there for a moment or two just looking at the two small puddles and at the strands stretching from my cock. Without thinking about it, I knelt down and looked at the cooling white liquid and reached down, scooping it with my finger, I brought it to my lips and swallowed it.
Yes, I had eaten Liz's after I had cum in her pussy several times and loved her reaction to watching me, this time this was just for me and I couldn't get enough.
I glanced at my phone and realized I had been in the bathroom for more than an hour.
"Shit"
It was already after midnight, but I lathered my chest and pits and shaved everything, then did my arms and hands. As I shaved it took another half an hour and my cock was fully erect the entire time and actually seemed to hurt it was so hard. When I finished, I looked in the mirror and couldn't believe how sexy I felt, I was also struck by how different I looked.
On a whim, I covered my cock and balls, without looking at my face and hair, I thought I could have been looking at a woman, albeit a very flat woman, as I thought, I noticed my cock leaking precum again. I closed my eyes just trying to picture myself as a woman and I came again, surprised again at how quickly because I had barely begun stroking my cock.
"What the fuck?"
The orgasm was intense, but the guilt, shame, and denial set in immediately. I could almost feel my father's presence looking at me, swearing at me, telling what a disappointing man I was.
My own self-doubt replaced all of the sexy feeling I had only moments before.
What was I, was I gay, where did imagining myself to be a woman come from, I remembered something from my very distant past, about imagining what it would be like to be a girl, but I think everyone thinks that at one time or another. Then I remembered similar thoughts when I was with Liz.
"Stop it," I imagined what Cheryl, my family, and my friends would think, "Fuck" I said and hurriedly cleaned everything up, slipping my underwear back on.
"Time for bed," as I tried to shut those thoughts out of my head, "This is Texas, Richard, you know what would happen to you if people knew you were even thinking about this."
Try as I might, the thought kept reoccurring and wasn't helped by how insanely erotic the sheets in our bed felt on my smooth body. When I awoke a few hours later, I realized I had cum during the night and my underwear was soaked.
"Fortunately, Cheryl was still sound asleep and I slipped out of bed and grabbed my clothes.
"What the fuck is wrong with me?"
End of Chapter 1 -- Chapter 2 to follow very soon