The story so far: everything is out in the open, Lisa has confessed to her exhibitionist friend Becky that she is in love with her -- and to her astonishment, Becky has admitted she feels the same about Lisa, and nature has taken its course, with the two best friends now lovers and in a relationship...
Chapter 36 -- Pride (Epilogue)
Six months had passed, and Lisa and Becky's love had endured and grown.
Living apart, attending separate universities, had been a challenge, but they saw one another as often as they could. They would take it in turns when one or the other had a free weekend, Lisa travelling to stay with Becky or vise-versa. It was easier the other way -- Becky still had her roommate after all, and so when they were at Becky's the two had to limit their lovemaking to times when she was out. Fortunately, much to Lisa's surprise, the roommate turned out to be a good-natured sort who was happy to grant them a bit of privacy (Becky still maintained to Lisa that her roommate was the enemy, however, mostly due to the other girl still requiring her to wear clothes in her company).
The rest of the time they had to make do with online video-chat, often falling asleep together, miles apart, heads resting next to laptop screens.
The holidays were the best time. Three weeks at Easter where they had come home together, and barely been apart.
They'd laid the groundwork for that, coming out as a couple to family and friends, not wanting to waste precious time sneaking about when they could be out in the open.
Lisa's family had been surprised at her revelation of her sexuality, and doubly so when she revealed that her new girlfriend was in fact a young woman whom they had known most of her life and, indeed, considered a de facto member of their own family. But in many ways, that made it easier for them to accept -- they knew Becky already, and loved her and had already welcomed her into their home. It required only minimal adjustment for them to start thinking of her not as their daughter's closest friend but as her partner, although Lisa's mother had discretely enquired if, now, when Becky stayed over at Lisa's house she would still be staying in Lisa's room and had taken some time to get used to the answer!
Her brothers were more difficult, still getting over the idea that their big sister was in a loving relationship with another woman when (Lisa suspected) their only previous understanding of lesbianism was from their typical teenage "secret" browsing of online porn. The idea that their sibling, and her incredibly pretty friend, were admitting to doing the sort of things they had seen girls in these videos do created an awkwardness whenever Carl or Ben would encounter both girls together, and while Lisa sensed that this would dissipate as they grew up, it wasn't always easy at the time.
Becky's mum responded unexpectedly to her own daughter's coming out. Not with disapproval -- she was more than happy to learn the two girls were together -- but with revelations. Not long after Becky's father had passed, when her daughter was still a little girl, Becky's mum told them, she'd herself had a relationship with another woman, and then later a second affair. Indeed, Becky's mum admitted, she considered herself "mostly gay" now, but had kept her sexuality secret out of worry that Becky would be upset by it. Happily, the end result was that her mother, single for many years, began dating women again, with her daughter coaching her on the intricacies of dating apps and the like.
Following the ugly scenes at the pub at Christmas, both girls were unsurprised to discover that they had fewer of their friends that they had used to have; but those who remained were nothing but supportive upon learning that Becky and Lisa were a couple. Indeed, the girls were rather surprised by the number of people who had commented to the effect of "finally" -- apparently, their existing closeness and "thick-as-thieves" relationship had caused several who knew them to speculate when, rather than if, the two would pair off.
Lisa's housemates were completely underwhelmed by the revelation. Not having known her longer than a few months, most simply assumed that Lisa had been gay or bisexual all along and had simply chosen not to mention it until she needed to -- only when learning that Becky was her first girlfriend and that the relationship was the end result of a long friendship and star-crossed unrequited love did they coo and gush happily.
Only Jacqui had known the full story already, and when she saw Lisa and Becky together for the first time, the older girl simply raised an eyebrow and, to Lisa, said, "told you so."
Free, then, to pursue their relationship openly, Lisa and Becky began to ingratiate into each other's lives, to function socially and domestically as a real couple, very much in love.
--
From early on, both girls had agreed that Becky's exhibitionism and love of nudity was to be a welcome, and encouraged, aspect to their relationship. It thrilled them both for their own reasons -- Becky loved to be nude and to be seen, while Lisa loved the sight, and the spirit, of Becky's nakedness.
Dares and other exhibitionist adventures became a normal part of their sex life -- too many to list here, some delightful, some disastrous, but all memorable. Lisa, for her part, remained committed to keeping her own clothes on -- at least in public.
In private, however, she found that Becky's constant desire for nakedness was infectious, and often when it was just the two of them, she would remain nude after they had made love, sitting watching television or listening to music with Becky in her small dorm room, skin against skin, blissfully happy.
Still, she often reminded herself of the summer, when she'd had to run through the campsite in the nude, or when Jerry the hiker had stumbled upon her and Becky in the woods, and grimaced. There was no chance she was going to wind up naked in public like her girlfriend, not ever again.
Or so she thought.
--
It was June, and warm. Lisa was preparing for her upcoming trip, in a few days' time, to see Becky at her university. Soon term would be over and they would be home for a long, leisurely summer, to spend together as much as they desired. They were already looking at holidays together -- in particular, a longer return trip to camping in the woods.
But there was time yet for one final visit to see Becky before packing up and heading for home, one last weekend reunion. Friday, for Lisa, couldn't come quickly enough, but it was only Thursday when Becky, excitedly, called her up.
"They want people in the Pride parade!" she explained. "I think we should!"
Becky had, finally, found some acceptance at her university. Although she had never really bonded with her housemates, her relationship with Lisa had led to her becoming involved in the university's LGBTQ society, wherein she had at last found new friends who weren't particularly perturbed by the notion that she might be a nudist. The university LGBTQ society was a big part of her city's Pride event, and many students from the society marched in the parade and appeared on floats.
The event was this coming weekend, and Lisa readily agreed they should take part -- until Becky explained the exact reason she was so excited to do so.
"They want people to be body-painted!" she gushed happily.
Lisa groaned.
--
The idea was to get a handful of students to ride on one of the floats, wearing nothing save for brightly-coloured paint on their skin, to make some sort of statement about body-positivity, identity and such that Lisa didn't fully understand. Privately she suspected someone had just decided it would look cool, and had come up with a reason to justify it after the fact.
It was, Becky felt strongly, something they should both do, and there was no persuading her otherwise.
"It'll be fine," she assured her worried girlfriend. "It won't be like you'll actually be naked. The paint will cover you up."
Lisa wasn't sure how much coverage a layer of coloured paint would provide -- certainly not enough to disguise that she was, in fact, not wearing any clothes. She looked down at herself. While she'd progressed in recent months towards the realization that her body, with her round hips and narrow chest, was far from terrible in its unclothed appearance, she was also acutely aware that no matter how much paint hid the tone of her skin, it would be her visible shapeliness that was more of a concern.
Nonetheless, she couldn't say no to Becky.
So it was that she found herself, together with her girlfriend, arriving at a student shared house on the Saturday morning.
There would be nowhere to get ready with paint at the start of the parade, Becky had explained, so the students who would be on the float, and the ones doing the painting, had agreed to rendezvous first at one of their houses, get ready, then the painted participants would be driven to the event to take their place on the float as it started the parade.
It was a warm, sunny day, and when the two girls told the young man who answered the door that they were there for the painting, he motioned them through to the back garden. There, a tall, long haired man was putting the finishing touches to a vibrant pattern painted onto a full-figured, entirely naked girl with cropped pink hair and studs in her nose and lips. A well-muscled young man sporting a very minimal design which left much of his skin bare (only covering his right thigh, hip and genitals) stood smoking a cigarette and talking to a similarly good looking lad in shorts who was waiting to get painted. A few others of varying body types and genders stood around dressed, half-dressed or in robes, and there was apparently another painter who had nipped out for a break.
Becky, typically, divested herself of all of her clothing as soon as they realized they were in the right place, even though it looked like it would be a little while for them to wait their turn to be painted. She intended to make the most of a chance to be naked outside, in the company of people who weren't at all perturbed by her lack of clothing.
Lisa, though, kept her clothes firmly on until it was at last her turn. By now, most of the people in the garden were naked and painted up, so she didn't feel completely awful when she shyly undressed and stood, awkwardly, in front of the long-haired guy.
"Got any preference for design?" he asked, rooting through sponges and paintbrushes.
Lisa blushed. "Something that covers a lot?" she suggested.
The young painted paused, and took a look at her. "Hmm," he pondered after a moment. "No problem. Better lose the pubes though, hun. The paint tends to matt them together. It doesn't look great."
Lisa squeaked, turning even redder as it seemed that everyone in close proximity was now looking directly at her pubic hair with suddenly critical eyes.
Perhaps seeing her distress, the Rubenesque punk girl leaned over.
"Don't worry luv," she said. "I've got a fresh razor. Nip up to the bathroom, you'll be fine in five minutes."
"I'll, uh, help?" Becky exclaimed, appearing as if by magic.
The painter rolled his eyes.
"Okay lovebirds. Five minutes though, we're in a rush." He cast around. "Anyone else need paint doing while Becky takes her girlfriend upstairs to shave and definitely not do anything else?"
--
They scampered quickly into the house, Lisa following Becky's bare and shapely bottom up the stairs. It felt strange beyond words to Lisa to be walking around naked so brazenly in the home of complete strangers to her, but it was also weirdly exciting in a way she'd not experienced before.
The bathroom was a typical one for a student pad -- old, and on the shabby side, and in need of a damn good clean, but serviceable enough. Lisa perched herself delicately on the side of the bath, while Becky rummaged about, following the punk girl's instructions, until she found a packet of pink-handled disposable women's razors. She cracked the plastic cover off of one, and after a moment, also produced a small pair of scissors from the same place by the sink. She ran the hot water and after a moment, pipes rattling, the sink was filled.
Becky then turned her attention to Lisa. "You okay with this?" she asked.
Lisa shrugged, trying to appear nonchalant and not at all bothered about either her current state of nakedness, the fact she would soon be naked in front of everyone who was attending the parade, and the fact that shaving her pubic hair was going to be a new experience.
"Yeah," she squeaked. "If I'm gonna look like a naked idiot, I might as well look like the best naked idiot I can."
Becky grinned. "You ever shaved down there before?" Lisa shook her head. There was a pause and then Becky continued; "want me to do it for you?" Lisa nodded, with more than a little enthusiasm. She parted her legs, giving Becky the access she needed -- her girlfriend looked approvingly and knelt down on the floor between them.
Becky began by using the scissors to trim Lisa's bush. There wasn't much hair, and what was there was fine and blonde. That was one reason Lisa had never felt the need to shave her pudenda before -- she never thought of herself as particularly hairy, and even now, when receiving oral sex was a big part of her bedroom routine, she'd never heard Becky complain that her hair was in the way down there.
Lisa curled her toes, suppressing a giggled of pleasure. Becky wasn't exactly being all business with what she was doing. She kept allowing her fingers to lightly stroke the sensitive skin around Lisa's mound, and even, wickedly, to brush her outer labia, as she removed the snipped-off hairs, even blowing on the area to ensure it was clear. Delicious feelings shivered through Lisa, and she tipped back her head, closing her eyes in happiness.
There was even better to come. The scissoring done, Becky wet her hand and squirted into them a blast from a can of scented shaving soap. Then she began to massage the soap into a foam on Lisa's mound and over the lips of her pussy. She wasn't even pretending now -- her questing fingers slipped easily between the soapy lips, and soon she was sliding two fingers into and out of her lover, Lisa breathing hard, her nipples stiff and her hands gripping the curved side of the bath tightly, while with her other hand she deftly slid the razor over Lisa's pudenda and around her pussy, removing every last bit of hair.
"Try not to move," Becky breathed. Easy for you to say, Lisa thought, you're not the one getting fingered while trying to perch on the side of a bathtub while your girlfriend simultaneously goes at your lady parts with a very sharp razor... but she didn't say it. There was no way she wanted Becky to stop.
She did stop, though -- for a moment at least. She slid her fingers all the way out and, after using her wet hands to remove any stray soap foam from Lisa, patted her dry with a towel. She withdrew the towel and made a show of critically inspecting her handywork. Lisa looked down -- at the sight of the smooth, pink skin, at the cleft of her two hairless lips -- until her view was suddenly obscured, as her girlfriend leaned in and, holding on to Lisa's hips and bottom to steady her, began to kiss and then lick the now-more-sensitive-than-ever area. Her probing tongue slipped between Lisa's pussy lips to the silky wetness beyond, lapping and teasing with a skill born of frequent practice, flickering under her hood to stimulate her clitoris. Lisa gasped happily, muscles in her stomach and thighs flexing, pushing herself into the pleasure Becky was giving her.
She came quickly, a knee-trembler of an orgasm, only Becky's deceptively strong arms preventing her from toppling backwards into the bathtub. Mindful they may not be alone in the house, she attempted to stifle the noises that escaped, involuntarily, from her mouth, but she was too far gone to manage that and finally she cried out in ecstasy as her orgasm flowered and bloomed inside of her.
--
Downstairs in the garden, the young man with the paint and his punk friend shared a cigarette and looked at each other, knowingly, as the unmistakable sound of a woman in climax drifted down to them from the open bathroom window.
The painter raised an eyebrow. "Dykes," he said, not unkindly.
"Hey," the pink-haired girl countered, "you and Greg have hogged the bathroom plenty of times this week alone."
The painter held up his hands. "Guilty as charged. But not when we've got to get your big bare arse on a Pride float for 3 o'clock."
The girl swatted him playfully with her hand. "Oi!"
The young man grinned. "Sorry. My bad. It's not big. It's perfectly sized. For a bouncy castle."
She leapt at him, and he swung aside, picking up his paints so they didn't get knocked over. The girl glared in a playful way -- they'd been friends a good few years, and this sort of behavior was entirely normal for them.
The painter bowed, as Becky and Lisa reappeared he was floridly and profusely apologizing to the girl.
"... I regret that I misspoke and compared your behind to any sort of inflatable building which children jump on for fun," he said, "now give over and let me paint pretty colours on Becky's lovely other half, as if she needs it."
In the end, Lisa ended up with a swirling pattern covering her from her chest down to her thighs, and over her bottom. It made maybe the tiniest difference, but she still felt, and felt she looked, incredibly naked -- particularly when she looked down between her legs at the sudden absence of bush.
Becky, typically for her, decided to stretch the definition of what could actually be called "body-painting". The rainbow stars on her nipples and the small smattering of stars elsewhere on her body were technically painted, but unlike the other participants, there would be no question that Becky was not very much 100% nude. That was, though, apparently the extent of the paint she was prepared to wear, and she pirouetted away happily around the garden.
A couple of courage-reinforcing drinks later and the body paint was dry (Lisa's skin took on a slightly stiff feeling, but she still definitely did not feel clothed in any way). The painted people donned blankets, towels and robes for coverage and piled into several cars to make the short distance to the start of the parade.
Lisa wasn't at all surprised when Becky eschewed any sort of cover up and simply hopped into the back of the long-haired body-painter's car next to her completely nude.
The painter looked back over his shoulder at her, and shook his head.
"Okay, Lady Godiva," he sighed. "But if we get pulled over, you're the one doing the explaining."
--
They arrived at the car park where the parade floats had assembled in the nick of time, and the boys scrambled up onto the float emblazoned with the university LGBTQ society decorations before helping the girls to climb up also. Greg, the painter's boyfriend, was driving, and the painter gave the assembled gang of brightly-coloured naked people one final pep talk.
"Smile, dance, wave, have fun, be happy, and try and ignore if it gets cold," he advised. "Oh, and no hanky-panky. This is a family event, it's a bloody miracle they've let us do this anyway so let's not give them a reason to regret it."
He paused. "And boys, think pure thoughts. If I see so much as a semi, I'll whack it with a ruler and you get to spend the after-party sitting at home with an ice-pack on your nadgers contemplating your life choices."
The float got on its way, and Becky slipped her arm around Lisa's bare waist.
"You okay?" she asked, kissing her girlfriend on the cheek.
Lisa nodded. "I thought I wouldn't be, but actually now I'm here it isn't so bad."
Becky laughed. "Good! Although, we are only just getting out of the car park..."
In the end, it was only a tiny bit embarrassing. The people assembled to watch the parade, join the parade, and of course, photograph the parade, seemed many more than Lisa had imagined. The whole thing took them right through the town centre, so as well as the people who were fully expecting all the craziness and politics of a Pride parade, you had more than a few bemused shoppers, and walking around on the float and waving (she quickly abandoned the idea of dancing, even though the music was good; nobody needed to see her dance at the best of times, let alone with no clothes on) she did feel very aware of her own nudity, and not always in a positive way.
But it didn't bother her so much, because she never felt alone, never felt like everyone was staring at her. Her painted companions were jubilant, supportive of one another and always looking out for her. And, of course, she had Becky.
As the parade wound its way through the town, in the direction of the university, Becky suddenly caught Lisa up in her arms. She held her girlfriend close, letting her feel the cool smoothness of her bare skin against her own, feeling Lisa's skin connect in turn. She looked into Lisa's eyes, and Lisa stared back and then, as if nobody in the world were watching, they kissed, a long, lingering, open-mouthed kiss.
The kiss went on. Lisa thought back, back to that very first Snapchat message Becky had sent her, to the text where she had first hinted at the secret she had wanted to share.
Now, here she was, completely naked in the centre of town, passionately kissing a naked girl, her best friend, the girl she loved -- and who loved her -- in full view of hundreds of people.
Well, she thought, breaking off the kiss with a smile. What other way could this have ended?
(The End)