Molly walked into the movie theater and looked around. It was empty, just as she had hoped. She had read the reviews for the movie she was scheduled to see and they were...terrible would be putting it kindly.
Most critics had given the film 1.5 stars out of 5, calling it a "waste of a moviegoers time". But none of that mattered to Molly. She didn't come to watch the movie. She came to be seen.
But she didn't want to be seen by alot of people.
"Just a handful, maybe a bit more." she had told herself as she got ready and jumped into her car.
It was just beginning to cool down outside, so she had a reason to be wearing her long jacket. Underneath it she wore a light pink t-shirt with the words "SEXY GIRLS" embroidered on it. Molly had put on a pair of her favorite jean shorts that covered just below her small but firm butt.
She had put on this ensemble for one reason only...because it'd be easy to fit in her purse when she decided to take them off.
Molly took a deep breath and walked to the back of the theater to do her...research...
She wanted to see how many people came into the movie theater and where they would sit. She was hoping for a small crowd of course, and, that no one would venture to the top where she sat
The first people to enter were an older couple, in their mid-50s. They sat near the front of the giant movie screen. Molly noticed that they didn't even look her way, when they entered.
The next person was a conservative looking woman in her late 30s. She went to the other side of the movie theater and sat a bit further up the row. She gave a short glance in her direction but nothing more.
A few more people trailed in over the next couple of minutes but, to her satisfaction, no one sat near here.
7 people in all, Molly thought to herself grinning. That will be quite enough.
Molly waited as the lights went dim for the previews to start. It was around the 3rd preview that Molly began getting nervous.
Her time was almost at hand. She replayed what she wanted to do one more time in her mind.
She was going to stand and remove her clothes, place her clothes in her purse, and walk down the aisle with her jacket on, open, and nothing underneath. She hoped a few people saw her, but not many.
Molly waited until the movie theater lights completely went out before she made her move. She waited until the opening scene credits ended and stood up, her heart in her throat. "Make it fast Molly", she thought to herself.
Molly removed her jacket and took off her top. Her 32B boobs bounced out as she quickly put her shirt in her purse. She smiled to herself and looked below her to make sure no one saw her. She snatched her shorts off, pulling them down her long legs and also placed them in her purse. As she went to put her coat back on, Molly caught man from the older couple look back at her. He squinted confused.
She threw her jacket back on and covered herself, sitting back down innocently. The older man turned back around shaking his head. He leaned over and looked like he wanted to say something to his wife, but instead said nothing.
Molly giggled to herself. Had she been caught? Had the older man seen her? Had he liked what he saw? As Molly thought about this, she couldn't help but think of a better idea from her previous one...
When she was ready, Molly stood from the back of the movie theater and took a deep breath. She stood in the aisle and looked down. There had to have been about 20 or 30 steps to the bottom. No doubt she would get caught again...but that was what she wanted.
Molly took off her jacket and put it over arm. She walked down the aisle, and down the stairs (24 she found out, after counting them as she walked down) COMPLETELY NAKED! Molly couldn't help smiling her entire walk through. Although the movie theater was dark, she could tell from the whispers that everyone was looking her way by the time she made it to the bottom of the movie theater. She turned and walked out of the theater.
She quickly through on her jacket laughing and looking around to see if anyone outside the theater had seen her. There was no one there.
Molly zipped up her jacket and left the movie theater, all the while thinking of the next time she'd do something this daring.