This story is the fourth in a series. I recommend reading the prior stories in order because this story is a continuation of those. Any similarities to any real person are entirely coincidental. Whether you like the story or loathe it, comments are welcome and yes, I know, I'm a poor proofreader. Although it may not seem clear from context, all characters are at least 18.
*****
Football practice started very soon after we got back from Florida. That took up most of my time. I did, and still do, love football. However, the person who came up with the idea of two-a-days in August was a sadist. When I wasn't at practice, I was resting for the next practice.
Amanda had started cheerleading practice. Regrettably, we were not seeing each other as much as I wanted simply because of the demands on our time. One Saturday, after we had finished a "controlled scrimmage" against another school, I got a text from Amanda asking me to come to her house as soon as I could.
When I arrived at the Turners' house that Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Turner met me at the door.
"Harry, we picked up Amanda's cheerleader uniform yesterday. She wants you to see her in it. She'll be along in just a second."
As Mrs. Turner finished, Amanda walked into the room. Amanda looked incredibly sexy. I'm lousy at describing clothes, but the uniform was not the traditional sweater and skirt. Instead, it was a one piece dress; I guess you'd call it. The dress was very snug, which showed Amanda's fantastic figure to full advantage. The front had a deep vee which displayed a tantalizing amount of cleavage. The hem was just below her ass. Amanda looked great in it and I told her so.
"You have yet to get the full effect," Amanda told me with a smile. She did one of those traditional cheerleader jumps where the girl jumps in the air and extends both legs forward. Amanda was not wearing anything under the uniform so the jump exposed her bare legs and pussy.
"That is very beautiful," I said, "but, I doubt that the school is going to stand for you not having anything on underneath."
"Let's look," Mrs. Turner said. "I have the uniform policy here." She looked at the sheet for a moment. Then said "rats." She read from the policy sheet, "genitals must be fully covered with no visible "camel toe.'"
"I can wear a thong and at least be bare-assed," Amanda said.
"Yes, and I'd love it," I replied. "But, I suspect that would simply provoke an amendment of the policy."
"Shit, you're probably right," Amanda acknowledged.
"Let me tinker a bit to see if I can make it any more revealing without getting you into trouble," Mrs. Turner said.
Amanda turned to me so that I could unzip the uniform for her. Once unzipped, she pushed the uniform off of her shoulders and let it drop at her bare feet. Nude, Amanda picked the uniform off of the floor and handed it to her mother.
Turning to me, Amanda asked "Why are you still dressed?"
I didn't have a good answer for that question so I kicked off my shoes, pulled me tee shirt off, undid my belt, and dropped my jeans. I picked my clothes off of the floor and handed them to Mrs. Turner as well. Amanda and I went out and sat by the Turners' pool.
My senior football season was very important to me, but is probably not that interesting for you. I was a two-year starter at inside linebacker. We went undefeated but, because of the complex computer ranking system used by our state high school athletic association, we missed making the state playoffs by two-tenths of a point. Our last game, and the end of my football career, was against a weak opponent at our field. We were up 35-7 at the half so coach began pulling the starters early in the second half to get guys whom he hoped would be starters next year some more game experience.
At our field, the cheerleaders did their routines right behind the team bench. Despite the proximity, Amanda usually left me alone during the games. She knew that I felt that I needed to have my undistracted attention on the game. However, when I came out of that last game, it was obvious that I wasn't going back in. Our second-team offense scored again. As our second team defense went onto the field, I heard Amanda calling "Harry."
I turned to face the cheerleaders and the stands on the hillside beyond them. Amanda was smiling at me. She turned her back to me and bent over. Of course, the hem of the cheerleader uniform ran way up past her ass revealing two bare cheeks. Amanda held that position (which looked very nice) for a few moments before straightening up and turning back around to face me. She lifted up the front of her uniform. Between her thighs was a small triangle of fabric in our school's shade of red. Damn, she'd worn a thong after all.
Amanda's thong did get noticed by more people than just me. Amanda was called to meet with the principal, the AD, and the cheerleader advisor. Not much happened though. That had been Amanda's last game as a cheerleader so they couldn't suspend her from cheering. She also got some latitude from the facts that she was one of the two top students in school and that her Dad had given the school district a fair amount of money over the years.
I moved on to wrestling and Amanda moved on to swimming. It would be a few weeks before I would wrestle a match. I needed to get into "wrestling shape" and drop some football weight. The girls swim team's meets before the Holidays were all away and conflicted with wrestling practice. That meant I wouldn't get to watch Amanda swim until after the New Year.
The Holidays that year were interesting. Gwen was home from college. Mom, Dad, Gwen, and I spent Christmas Eve with the Turners. Unfortunately, it was a clothed celebration. Amanda's maternal grand-parents were visiting for the Holidays and didn't know that their daughter had a nude family. The Turners would spend Christmas Day at Amanda's uncle's house, about 75 miles away.
I gave Amanda her gift on Christmas Eve. With Gwen's long-distance help, I had spent a lot more than I really had to get Amanda a diamond ring. Not an engagement ring, but a very nice ring. Amanda was suitably impressed.
I had studiously avoided talking about college with Amanda. I had really fallen in love with her. I knew that there was no chance that the relationship would survive once we were going to different colleges hundreds, if not thousands, of miles apart. Better not to think about that and just enjoy the time that I did have with her. For that reason, I was somewhat upset and depressed when Amanda asked me point blank at dinner where I was applying.
I hesitantly named the flagship school in our state system where I was sure that I could get in. I also mentioned the flagship state university in the next state west of us and a smaller, "state-affiliated" school not far from home that was well regarded. When I stopped, Amanda had an unhappy look on her face.
"You're forgetting one dear," my mother chimed in.
That was true. I really wanted to go to a small but pretty prestigious school just north of Chicago. I didn't think that I had much of a chance of getting in. To Amanda I said, "Oh, yeah, I applied at ______ but I doubt that I'll get accepted."
Amanda's face brightened. "That's where I'm going," she said. "I did early decision and I'm in. We'll go to college together!"
"Uh . . . I wouldn't take that for granted," I replied.
Amanda blew off my concern. "You'll get in" she said assuredly. What I didn't know at that time was that Bill Turner, Amanda's dad, was alum of and a significant donor to that university.
Mom, Dad, Gwen, and I spent a low-key Christmas Day together. We were all nude the entire day. That did improve the holiday.
New Year's Eve was a different matter. Mom, Dad, and Amanda's parents were going to what they admitted was a swinger's party. We didn't expect to see them again until sometime New Year's Day. There were a couple of big parties being given by others at school. Being a college student now, Gwen felt that she was a bit above a high school New Year's Eve party.
Amanda wasn't too excited about our classmates' parties either. As she said to me, "Great. We'll see a bunch of kids get trashed and puke. Some guys and girls will try to get laid. A few actually will get laid and in a week or so someone will probably claim rape. Why do I want to participate in that?"
The upshot was that Amanda, Gwen, and I would spend New Year's Eve quietly at Amanda's house. I was a bit surprised when Amanda invited her other best friend Meryl Cohen. I was more surprised when Meryl came.
I had gotten to know Meryl a little from dating Amanda. She and Amanda were good friends. They both swam and had played doubles tennis together since freshman year. I also knew that Meryl's dad had died of cancer while we were in eighth grade. Her mom had taken over her dad's business and had been very successful with it. From what I could tell, Meryl had a great body. Her face wasn't classically beautiful, but it showed personality and intelligence. Meryl and Amanda were having a friendly competition to see which one of them would be valedictorian at graduation. Meryl was usually much quieter than Amanda. However, Meryl could say more in a few words than most of us could in several paragraphs. She could be very witty and funny when she chose to.
Amanda's parent had kindly left us a few bottles of wine and a bottle of champagne to open at the New Year. The four of us sat around the Turner's kitchen drinking moderately, talking, and laughing. This was by far the longest I had talked with Meryl and she was moving up rapidly in my estimation.
Amanda decided to tell Meryl about the trip our two families took to the nude resort in Florida. Gwen and I were more than a little afraid that Amanda would tell Meryl everything about that trip, but Amanda didn't, thankfully. Meryl was initially a bit put off and dismissive. However, when Amanda wants to talk about a subject, she stays with it. As Amanda kept talking about everything we did in the nude, Meryl's attitude seemed to change some. She began asking genuine questions.
When Amanda described our tennis match, something Meryl could relate to, Meryl asked, "How did it feel to be on that court naked with those people beyond the fence watching you?"
Amanda smiled at the memory. "I made sure that they saw all of me. Meryl, I'm telling you, it felt wonderful. There were a few girls looking at Harry and that was cool too. But, the feeling knowing that people could see my bare tits, my ass, my pussy; it was incredibly sexy."
Meryl sat quietly, thinking about what Amanda had just said or so it seemed.
About 10:30 that night, Amanda said, "Let's take a sauna." The Turners had a nice sauna on the lower level of their house. Just outside were the back patio and their hot tub. It had snowed significant the day before, but earlier on New Year's Eve I had shoveled a path out to the hot tub.
We followed Amanda downstairs to the sauna. Without even thinking, Amanda, Gwen, and I began getting undressed.
Meryl stopped us. "Excuse me. You're going to sauna naked?"
"Of course,' Amanda responded. "How else would you use the sauna?"
"You guys may be nudists, but I'm not there, at least not yet," Meryl replied.
"It's just us," Amanda said. "Besides, you have a beautiful body." Amanda giggled. "You have to start sometime."
"I'm not sure that tonight is the night," Meryl replied. It was pretty clear that Meryl was going to stick to her position. The thought that Meryl might undress was tantalizing, though.
"Ok,' Amanda sighed. "Let me see if I can find you a swimsuit. Are you ok if Harry, Gwen, and I go naked?"
"That's up to you guys," Meryl replied.
Topless, Amanda ran upstairs and came back in a few minutes with a one-piece swimsuit. "This is one of mine, but it should fit you," Amanda said as she handed the suit to Meryl.
Meryl went into a bathroom to change while Amanda, Gwen, and I finished stripping off. The three of us were standing nude outside the sauna when Meryl came back. Meryl was a bit bigger than Amanda. The suit fit her, but it was very tight, almost like it was painted on. I had been right in thinking that Meryl had a great body.
Meryl looked at the three of us in silence for a moment. I noticed that her eyes ran me up and down. Finally, Meryl smiled and said, "The way this fits, I'm not sure it's much different than if I'd gone nude."
"You look great," Gwen replied quickly.
You'd look better with nothing on, "Amanda added.
After some time in the sauna, the four of us moved to the shower. Amanda and I washed each other very carefully. Meryl, still in her swimsuit, watched us closely. After toweling off, Amanda sent me out in the cold to start the hot tub. As I came back inside the house, I noticed again that Meryl was looking intently at my dick. I enjoyed that.
Amanda ran upstairs to get a bottle of wine and some glasses. The four of us, three of us nude, ran outside. Amanda set the wine and glasses down on a table near the tub and hopped in. "Harry, please pour us some wine," she giggled. I poured three glasses and walked around the tub handing them to Amanda, Gwen, and Meryl. I could feel Meryl's eyes following my bare ass. Finished, I poured myself a glass and got into the tub between Amanda and Gwen.
The extra alcohol was making Amanda more amorous. She was playing with me under the water. About 11:45, Gwen said, "Someone needs to go up and get the champagne." After a few moments of no one moving, Gwen sighed, "Ok. I'll get it myself." I watched Gwen's marvelous bare ass walk into the Turner's house. At the same time, Amanda was stroking me pretty good.
I understood Amanda's plan just before mid-night when she yelled, "Everyone out of the tub for our New Year's toast." I paused for a second. Then I thought "the hell with it" and climbed out of the tub with the massive hard-on Amanda had given me. All three girls were staring at me, Amanda with a sly grin. Finally, Meryl said, "Uh, that's pretty nice Harry." My sister said, "Yup, that's my so-called little brother." Meryl started laughing.
I opened and poured the champagne. The four of us toasted the New Year. After she finished her champagne, Amanda came over to me and hugged me, placing both hands squarely on my ass. We kissed for several minutes.
Just after Amanda reached a hand around front and started fondling me, Meryl said, "Guys, it's after twelve. I need to get home."
Amanda pulled her head away from me and told Meryl, "Just put your clothes on over the suit. You can give it back to me later. Thanks for coming. We'll get you out of your clothes some day."
Meryl politely said, "Thanks for inviting me." Meryl gave me a look and added, "Maybe you will, some day." She walked inside the house and we heard her car start a few moments later.
I said to Amanda, "I hope that we didn't piss off Meryl."
Amanda smiled. "Meryl's not pissed off. She's intrigued. She'll go home and jill-off thinking about us nude and what it would have felt like if she had joined us. She'll keep thinking about it tomorrow and the days after."
"Why is it so important to you to get Meryl to go nude?" I asked.
"She's one of my two best friends. I want her to experience how wonderful it is." Amanda gave another of her sly looks. "And, I think that there are possibilities."
I left it at that. Gwen, Amanda, and I gathered the glasses and bottles and turned off the tub. We put the glass in the kitchen and went upstairs to Amanda's bedroom. I welcomed the New Year again with Amanda riding my dick while Gwen sat on my face.
Amanda and I spent a lot more time with Meryl after the New Year. In the new semester, the three of us had five out of seven class periods together. Most nights, Amanda and I would get together to study after wrestling practice and swim practice. Amanda started bringing Meryl along. Usually, Amanda and I studied nude while Meryl stayed fully clothed.
The first home girls' swim meet was Friday of the first week back in school. As a senior athlete, I had some privileges and was on the pool deck instead of in the stands. When our team came out of their locker room for the meet, Amanda made a beeline for me. She took off her warm-ups and asked, "What do you think?"
Most of the girls wore the new style suits which covered them from shoulder to knee. Amanda, however, had chosen an old style suit that was cut very high on her hips. Frankly, the suit looked like it had been sprayed on. Every bit of Amanda's body was clearly outlined. She looked incredibly sexy. "I took all the lining out," she confessed.
Meryl walked up, still in her warm ups. Amanda instructed her, "Get those off and let Harry see your racing suit." Somewhat hesitantly, Meryl took her warm-ups off. "Amanda talked me into this,' Meryl said apologetically.
Meryl's suit was identical to Amanda's, to the point that Meryl's suit looked sprayed on too. She looked great, and I said so. That earned me approving smiles from both girls. Amanda instructed me, "Be sure to get behind the blocks when we start. The view should be good from back there." I followed Amanda's instructions. When either girl bent forward to start her race, the view was very nice indeed.
My first wrestling match was the following week. The day before, in typical Amanda fashion, she simply walked into our locker room, explaining "I need to make sure that you have the right singlet." The one she picked for me was a size too small. I struggled into it and got it on. Looking in a mirror, I saw that I was outlined in detail in the singlet. "That's what I want you to wear," Amanda said. Well, why not?
Not many people came to an ordinary dual match. However, about a year before, we had adopted wrestling cheerleaders. They definitely noticed that my dick and balls were outlined in detail in the singlet Amanda had chosen. Amanda and Meryl came to the match also. When I walked over to them after winning my match, Meryl, looking directly at my dick, said "I like the look Harry" and giggled.
I responded, "Well, you see it unwrapped every time we study." Some students sitting around Amanda and Meryl heard me and turned to look at us. Meryl blushed, but Amanda simply said, "You look better naked Harry."
We carried on wrestling, swimming, and going to school. By some quirk of fate, I qualified for the district wrestling tournament, the first step to the state championship. However, I was the last wrestler to qualify in my weight class. That made me the lowest seed in the tournament and meant that my first match was against the top-ranked wrestler. The district meet was at another school about twenty-five miles away. Six of us had qualified for districts, so we went to the meet as a team. Amanda and Meryl followed in Amanda's car. I was grateful for all the support I could get. I'd need it.
I wrestled the best match of my life in my opening match, although I was on the defensive from the first whistle. I was nowhere near as good as the guy I was wrestling, but lost by a reasonably respectable 7-3. That meant that I wrestled again later in the loser's bracket. The match had taken a lot out of me. As I sat in my warm-ups between Amanda and Meryl, I was really worried about that next match. I repeatedly told myself that the wrestlers in the loser's bracket would be about the same skill level as me.
That, however, was not how it worked out. The second-ranked wrestler in our weight class lost his first match in a huge upset. That made him the highest seed in the loser's bracket. As I was the lowest seed, he was my next opponent. All I can say about that match is that I didn't get pinned. I do think that my opponent set a state record for riding time earned in a single match. When the match and my wrestling career were done, I felt completely beat up.
Amanda could see how I felt physically and emotionally. She came down to me as I sat on the gym floor after that last match. Very softly, she said "Get cleaned up. We'll take you home."
I went into the locker room, showered, and changed into street clothes. Everyone on our team was done wrestling for the day (although two of our guys won and wrestled again the next day) so coach didn't object when I asked if I could ride home with my girlfriend. He was pretty cool about stuff like that.
Amanda took Meryl and me to her house. As we walked in, we walked by Amanda's parents who were watching TV nude in their living room. Bill Turner knew that I'd been wrestling in districts that day. He looked up at me and raised his eyebrows to ask how I'd done. I made a thumbs down gesture. Mr. Turner shook his head and looked away.
Amanda led us downstairs. "You, Mister, need a massage." Just outside their sauna, the Turners had a nice massage table. Mr. and Mrs. Turner had been having a masseur and a masseuse come in once a week for years. Amanda had gotten them to teach her a lot of massage technique. She was really pretty good. "Get your clothes off and get on the table face down," Amanda directed.
I was so used to being nude around Amanda and Meryl that I didn't even think about it as I stripped nude. I lay face down on the table. Amanda told me, "Don't look up." That was odd, but, ok. I heard zippers and clothes. I assumed Amanda was undressing. I also heard both girls giggling.
Amanda started by massaging my head and neck. When she reached my left shoulder, I felt a second pair of hands start massaging my right. That was a huge surprise. I started to lift my head up but Amanda gently pushed me back into the headrest. Ok, I'll go with it. The girls did a great job on my back, down to my waist. Then they moved to my feet and worked up. When they got to my thighs, it seemed like all four hands were brushing my balls.
Two hands started working on each side of my ass. The girls pulled my cheeks apart and fingers softly brushed my asshole. I was getting hard when the hands disappeared and Amanda said, "Roll over but keep your eyes closed." Once I rolled over, she reinforced the point by putting a small towel over my eyes. My eyes were the only part of me that was covered.
One girl massaged each of my arms and then they worked together on my chest. This time, they kept working down, getting close to, but not touching, my groin. After kneading my thighs, four hands started long strokes up and down my thighs. Each stroke moved closer to my dick and balls. Finally, someone grasped my balls and gently lifted them up. Three hands massaged the tops of the insides of my thighs.
The hand that held my balls slid up and started softly stroking my dick. I got even harder. I heard someone move. I assumed that it was Meryl stepping away. Amanda asked, "Does he deserve a happy ending?"
Meryl giggled and answered, "I think so."
The towel was whisked off my face. I opened my eyes to see Amanda standing nude beside my head. I could see both of her arms, but there was still a hand holding my dick. I looked down and was shocked to see Meryl, naked, with her hand around my dick.
Meryl smiled at me and leaned forward. First, she just kissed the head of my dick. Then she ran her lips part way down my head then slid them back off. Each time she slid her lips down me, she went farther along my head and then my shaft. When she had a surprising amount of my dick in her mouth, she began running her tongue up and down the underside of my shaft and head. Occasionally, she would change her pattern and lick around the diameter of my dick. She was doing a hell of a job. I shouted to warn her that I was about to come, but she kept me in her mouth. I came very hard. Meryl took it all and swallowed.
When Meryl was done blowing me, I looked at Amanda. Her eyes were twinkling and she was smiling broadly. What the fuck was going on here? My girlfriend's best friend and just given me a great blowjob right in front of my girlfriend. Huh?
After a few moments, as my heart rate slowed, Amanda said, "Harry, we came close to having one of those high school drama moments. About a week ago, my best friend here at school admitted to me that she had the hots for my boyfriend. This could have gotten unpleasant, but I realized that I was partially to blame for having you nude around her so often. I thought, why ruin our last few months here? She's going to college in New Haven while you and I are going to Chicago, so it isn't long term anyway. I talked it over with Meryl and we decided to share you. You now officially have the two best-looking girls in school as your girlfriends. As you can see, sex is part of the deal."
While Amanda had been talking, Meryl had moved up the table and was standing on the opposite side of my upper head from Amanda. When Amanda finished, both girls leaned down and kissed me.
After the kiss, I got up from the table. "Meryl, I have to return the favor. Please get on the table on your back." Meryl did. "Please spread your legs." She complied and I looked up her beautiful nude body with my target on display and available. I climbed onto the table between Meryl's legs. As I bent down to her clit, I looked at Meryl's face. She was already breathing hard, but she was smiling. We looked into each other's eyes for a moment. Then I put my head between her thighs.
I had only licked Meryl's clit two or three times when Amanda said sternly, "No Harry. You need to fuck her."
I looked up at Meryl's face. She smiled again and nodded her head. I slid up along her firm body. When our faces were level, I began to kiss her. At the same time, I was trying to position my dick to enter her cunt. I soon felt her wet lips on my dickhead. I started to push in. Meryl was very tight. I gently worked my dick into her cunt and then started a back and forth motion. I was trying to aim my dick at the place that gave her the most pleasure. When Meryl gave a sharp intake of breath, I assumed that I had found the correct spot and kept thrusting my dick at it.
As Meryl got more stimulated, she gripped me tighter with her arms and legs, which was pretty nice. At one point, I looked at Amanda, who was standing beside the table we were fucking on. Amanda was breathing hard and had her right hand between her legs.
Meryl felt so good that I would have been happy staying inside of her for hours. Too soon, she began bucking her hips. She took several violent breaths and then let out a low moan. I surprised myself by coming inside of her an instant later. After Meryl caught her breath, she raised her head and kissed me again. The moan I heard from Amanda told me that she had gotten herself off while watching us.
I propped myself up on my elbows. My dick was still inside Meryl. I looked at Meryl. I looked at Amanda. At once, we all three started laughing. I pulled out and got up from the table. Meryl still had her legs spread wide and some of my come was visible between her lips.
"Not your traditional high school relationship," Meryl said. "But, I like this a lot better."
The three of us got into the shower and washed each other off. After we toweled, we walked naked from the basement up to Amanda's bedroom. Despite how badly I had been beaten up at districts, I slept well that night between Amanda's and Meryl's naked bodies.
As Amanda had promised, the three of us became a public item. We were together as much as possible at school. We went to each other's sports events. We went on dates together. Very often, we slept together. I know that other people in the school thought we were perverted, and the fact that I was dating two very beautiful girls at once did not make me popular with the other guys at school. We didn't care. Another funny thing was that, once the three of us started fucking together, we all three started doing better at school.
Meryl and Amanda had a good swim season, making the regional as part of the school's 200 meter medley team. They recorded the fastest time in the state that year in a preliminary heat. Unfortunately, the girl who swam backstroke ate something spoiled before the finals and was too busy barfing to swim. The freshman who replaced her was significantly slower and caused the team to miss qualifying for the state meet by two-tenths of a second. I don't think I can even blink in that small amount of time.
Meryl and Amanda went straight from swim season to tennis season. The Monday after the girls' regional swim meet, I was walking through the hall at school when Jan Hill, the girls' tennis coach, came up to me.
"Harry, you aren't doing any spring sport this year are you?"
"No. Why?"
"I was wondering if you'd like to manage our tennis team. You're already dating my number two and three singles players."
"What does a manger do?"
"I can teach you. Basically, you watch out for all of the mundane stuff so that I can coach the girls and the girls can play. Make sure we know how to get to our matches. Make sure that the girls have extra racquets, shoe laces, and enough water at the matches. Oh, and I'll show you how to chart each match. That helps if we have to play anyone again in the tournament."
It would let me spend more time with Amanda and Meryl so I said, "Yeah, I'll do it."
"One more thing. We've got the spring trip to Florida. I doubt that the school will pay for you. Can you pay your own way?"
Coach Hill had been taking her seniors on a tour of schools somewhere warm each spring break. This year they were playing four schools in Florida. Along with Amanda and Meryl, the number one singles player, an attractive African-American girl named Patti Wilson, was going. The number four singles, Joan Loos, was also a senior and was going. Amanda and Meryl were one doubles team while Patti and Joan were the other.
"I think I can manage that," I replied. A trip to Florida with Amanda and Meryl sounded pretty good. Thus, I became girls' tennis manager. I quickly learned to take care of anything that would come up except re-stringing racquets.
I need to backtrack slightly. The Saturday after the swimming regional, I was at Amanda's. It was early afternoon and Amanda and I were nude and working on our advanced calculus. I received a text from Meryl: "Cud u com ovr ASAP?" I hate the damage that "devices" are doing to our language.
I showed the text to Amanda and asked her if she wanted to come with me. Amanda smiled and said, "No. You're on your own on this one." I wondered what Amanda meant as I got dressed and drove the short distance to Meryl's house.
Meryl, clothed, met me at her door. "Thanks for coming," she said. "My mother asked to talk to you." Uh oh. What was this about?
Meryl led me into the Cohen's' front room where her mother was sitting. Sarah Cohen was a few years older than my parents, but you wouldn't know it from looking at her. She was extremely fit and you could easily see from whom Meryl had inherited her beauty.
"Harry Stone, thank you for coming," Mrs. Cohen said rather formally. "I understand that you are now dating my daughter, is that correct?"
"Yes ma'am," I replied.
"And you are also dating Amanda Turner?"
"Yes."
"Would you care to explain that?"
"There is a mutual attraction between the three of us and we enjoy being with each other."
"Do you love Amanda Turner?"
"Yes." Meryl was holding my hand and gave it a squeeze as I said that.
"Do you love my daughter?"
"Yes." Meryl gave my hand another squeeze.
"How is that possible?"
"Mrs. Cohen, I believe that we are all capable of loving more than one person. In fact, I know it because I'm in that situation. Amanda and Meryl are both extraordinary young women. Having gotten to know them both very well, I think that it would be impossible not to love them both." Meryl squeezed my hand again which I took as her approval of my answer.
"Meryl tells me that you, she, and Amanda spend a great deal of time together naked." Shit. Did Meryl share everything with her mother?
"That is true."
"I assume that you will not mind taking off your clothes for me."
I looked at Meryl who smiled slightly and shrugged. "Of course not, Ma'am," I responded. I kicked off my shoes and pulled my sweatshirt over my head and dropped it on the floor. I undid my belt and the button on my jeans and pushed my jeans and shorts to the floor together. I stepped out of my jeans and kicked them to the side. I stood with my arms at my side, fully nude, in front of the seated Mrs. Cohen.
Mrs. Cohen looked into my eyes for what seemed a long time, but was probably just a few seconds. I held her gaze with, I hoped, a relaxed expression. Mrs. Cohen looked away first. Then she looked back and ran her eyes all the way down me.
After another moment, Mrs. Cohen said to me, "Please turn around."
I did and let her visually examine my ass as she had my bare chest, dick, and balls. Finally, she said, "You may turn back around." I did.
To her daughter, Mrs. Cohen said, "Meryl, would you please take your clothes off too. I want to see what you look like together."
To my slight surprise, Meryl replied "I was hoping that you'd say that." She quickly stripped off and stood next to me. We each put an arm around the small of the other's back and stood naked, facing Meryl's mother.
Mrs. Cohen looked at the two of us for some time. She finally said, "I suppose that you do look good together." To Meryl, she asked "You've been having sex?"
"Of course, Mother," Meryl answered in a slightly exasperated tone.
Mrs. Cohen sat silently for a time. Then, she addressed Meryl again. "What does he look like erect?"
Meryl giggled and said. "I'll show you." Meryl stepped in front of me, facing me. She kissed me. As she did that, she gently took my balls in her left hand. She also began running her right index finger up and down the underside of my dick. Meryl's touch was always highly stimulating and that, coupled with the fact that we were both naked and she was stroking me in front of her mother, got me hard very fast. Satisfied, Meryl stood aside and left me facing her mother naked again, this time with a major hard-on.
I suppose that the "proper" emotion for my situation would have been embarrassment, standing naked in front of my girlfriend's mother with a boner. I didn't feel at all embarrassed. Rather, I felt proud, and warm, like I had accomplished something. Mrs. Cohen was looking at my erect penis and I was enjoying it.
After a long look, Mrs. Cohen exhaled noticeably. "Meryl, I can tell from your nipples that you're aroused and it would be a shame to let that erection go to waste. You two go upstairs. I'll put up your clothes."
Meryl giggled again, took my hand, and led me upstairs and into her room. Meryl had just closed the door when we heard her mother call up, "I know you're fucking up there so there's no point in closing the door."
Meryl re-opened the door with a soft laugh. As she led me to her bed, she whispered in my ear, "Mom's going to spy on us." We lay on top of the bedclothes and kissed. We were both so aroused that we didn't spend much time on foreplay. Very soon, Meryl was on her back with her legs wrapped around my waist. I was moving my dick back and forth in her pussy trying to hit the spots she liked while I nibbled at her earlobe.
Sex with Meryl, and with Amanda, was not a quick endeavor. As I had learned the things each girl liked, I worked hard on doing them exactly the way each girl liked. Being between the legs of a gorgeous young lady, I was certainly in no hurry to leave. And, I had learned that diligent efforts to induce pleasure were their own reward. Meryl and I made love (and it was lovemaking) for a long time. I was very pleased with myself that Meryl came twice before I finally shot inside of her.
I sort of fell onto the bed beside Meryl after I came. She had an indescribably wonderful look on her face. We kissed for a long time.
Although we had both expected it, we were still a bit startled to hear a voice coming from the doorway into Meryl's room. "Ok Harry Stone," Mrs. Cohen said. "You passed. You convinced me that you care as much about Meryl as you do about yourself. I'll have dinner ready for us in about an hour. Don't bother dressing for dinner."
After Mrs. Cohen walked away, I asked Meryl, "Has your Mom done that with all your boyfriends?"
Meryl smiled again. She softly said, "No Harry. You're the first boyfriend I've fucked." Meryl let that hang for a moment. She then asked, "Should we invite Amanda over for dinner?"
I knew that Amanda was going somewhere with her parents that night and told Meryl that. She smiled again, looked into my eyes, and said "So, it's just us tonight." I nodded.
Meryl and I held each other for a time. Then, Meryl bounced off of the bed. Let's go help Mom with dinner." Meryl didn't put anything on as she went out the door so I didn't either.
Under Mrs. Cohen's detailed directions, we actually did help fix dinner. I can't tell you now what it was, but I remember thinking that it was pretty good. Mrs. Cohen sat at the head of her dining room table fully clothed while Meryl and I sat nude to her right and left.
After we had cleaned up the dinnerware, Meryl explained to me that, on nights when she was home, she and her mother usually watched television together. We went into the family room where Mrs. Cohen already had the TV tuned to something on a cable channel targeted to women. Mrs. Cohen sat in the middle of the sofa opposite the TV. Meryl and I squeezed together into an armchair. Mrs. Cohen was silent so we were too.
After the program ended at the top of the hour, Mrs. Cohen said, "I'm sorry. You're a guest her Harry and I'm being a poor hostess. Would you like something to drink? Wine? If we have any beer, it's left over from Martin and I'd recommend against drinking that."
"A glass of red wine would be nice if it isn't too much trouble," I said.
"No trouble at all, "Mrs. Cohen replied. "And you'll have pinot gris Meryl?"
Meryl nodded. Mrs. Cohen walked out of the room but was soon back with two glasses of wine which she handed to Meryl and me. She walked out again and returned with a very full glass for herself.
Meryl and I drank very sparingly. Mrs. Cohen was a bit more committed. Midway through the next show, she went out and brought herself back a second glass.
After about another ten minutes, Mrs. Cohen muted the sound on the television. She turned on the sofa to face Meryl and me sitting together in the armchair. "I guess that I was a bitch and over the top earlier," she said. "Since Meryl's father died, I've probably been over-protective. I know that she's a smart young woman with good judgment. I know that she is a beautiful girl. I want her to enjoy everything which life has to offer that is good, but I'm scared that she'll be taken advantage of and be hurt."
I sat up in the chair. "Mrs. Cohen,' I said, "Meryl is a very extraordinary woman. Hurting her or taking advantage of her is the farthest thing from my mind. I know that this three-way relationship she, Amanda, and I have seems strange. It works for us. I guess that I should add that it was the girls' idea."
Meryl had sat up and had her chin on my left shoulder. I could feel her bare breasts pressed into my back.
Mrs. Cohen sat silently looking at us for quite a time. She took another sip of wine. "I'm not entirely sure why, but I believe you Harry. Meryl has seemed happier these last few weeks than she's seemed since her Dad died. I know Amanda Turner is also a very special girl. I'm just a different generation. Whatever I can do for all three of you, I will."
We went back to watching TV for another hour or so. Then Meryl climbed out of the chair, took my hand, and said, "Mom, I'm taking Harry to bed now."
As I stood up, Mrs. Cohen looked at us and said, "Enjoy yourself Dear."
Our school took tennis fairly seriously. With a healthy dose of Bill Turner's money, the school had built its own little tennis stadium with locker rooms for the boys and girls teams. The girl's team was supposed to have one large locker room, with a separate room and shower room for coaches. A couple of years earlier, Coach Hill had divided her team into varsity and junior varsity, supposedly to give everyone more playing time. Amanda thought that it was really to get to this year when the varsity would consist of her, Meryl, Patti, and Joan; all of whom were close to Coach Hill. Coach Hill had designated what had been meant as her office as the varsity locker room.
The locker room was a delicate issue for me. I only worked with the varsity and there were myriad reasons for me to be in the locker room, from replacing damaged shoes to passing out fresh wristbands. Of course, I had unlimited access as far as Amanda and Meryl were concerned. But, while I quickly established good working relations with Patti and Joan, I had to be very careful not to catch either of them undressed.
Our weather was still variable when the season started, meaning that the girls' early matches were played exclusively indoors. Part of my job was to know how to get to the indoor clubs which the various schools used and, although it was probably improper, to drive Coach Hill and the girls to their matches.
The Spring Break trip to Florida was a relief from our dismal weather. Although I'm a reasonably large guy, on the flight to West Palm I ended up in the middle seat of a row of three. In truth, it wasn't that bad. Amanda had the window seat and Meryl had the aisle.
The girls had a match the day after our arrival against a private girl's school in Palm Beach. Coach Hill had warned me that the private school girls were great players. However, Patti, Amanda, Meryl, and Joan won all of the matches. That made for a festive mood at dinner that night.
The next day, the girls played a public school team in Boca Raton. That didn't go as well as their numbers 1 and 2 singles beat Patti and Amanda. As a doubles team, the same girls beat Amanda and Meryl.
Part of my job on the trip was to wash uniforms. The girls wore traditional tennis dresses in our school colors and logo, and we had brought two sets for the trip. Both sets had now been used and we were driving to the Tampa area the next day. Fortunately, the Boca Raton coach offered to let us do our laundry in her facilities.
The two teams socialized as we waited for our girls' laundry to get done. Patti had been talking to the other teams' number 1 when she called out, "Man, Merz, Hulk, come over here. You need to hear this." Patti was big on handing out nicknames. "Man" was Amanda. "Merz" was Meryl. I was "Hulk" not, Patti said, because I had any resemblance to Hulk Hogan but because we were both wrestlers. I tried in vain to explain the difference between the two types of wrestling.
We walked over to where Patti was sitting. Bethany, the Boca school's number 1 singles player, was a mildly attractive blonde. Very matter-of-factly, she explained "I was just telling Patti that I and my family belong to a naturist club near Orlando which has very good courts. I've played nude there a number of times. It is just a better way to play tennis. I was encouraging Patti to try it."
Amanda responded, "My family and his, pointing at me, are nudists too. But, the only time I've gotten to play tennis nude was last summer at a resort north of Tampa."
"I know the place," Bethany responded. "I played there once. A bunch of guys watched from outside the fence. They were more interested in when I bent over than in tennis, though."
Amanda said, "Probably the same guys who watched me. I kind of enjoyed it though."
Bethany smiled. "So did I. But, as a 'family' nudist, you're supposed to act like you don't like people looking at your ass, tits, and cunt."
Meryl chimed in, "Damn. I've never gotten to play nude."
Bethany thought for a second, then said, "Aren't you guys playing Hillsborough Girls Academy while you're down here?"
I answered, "Yes. That is our last match before we go home."
Bethany said, "Their 1 and 2 are nudists. So is their coach. I've played with and against all of them in the buff. If you really want to play a nude match, I'll call them. I'd bet they'd be up for I it."
Patti spoke up. "That's cool if you two want to do that, but I'm keeping my clothes on."
Bethany smiled. "I'm sure that will be no problem. I don't think everyone on that team is a nudist. Let me call them. If they're up for it, are you willing to say whoever wants to play nude can?"
Amanda and Meryl both nodded enthusiastically without even asking Coach Hill.
Bethany said, "Let me get a phone number and I'll tell you what they say." Bethany and Amanda traded cell numbers. About that same time, the Boca coach waved me over and told me the team laundry was ready. They had even folded it for me. I put the uniforms in the back of the van we had rented, along with the girl's racquets and bags. Coach Hill rounded up Amanda, Meryl, Patti, and Joan and we started the drive to the Tampa area.
Florida is bigger than it looks on a map. We had a several hour drive to get to our next hotel. It was around 9:00 p.m. when we got there. Everyone was tired and cranky. The team was off the next day. With the help of the folks at the front desk, I found a reasonably good pizzeria nearby and brought back dinner for the team.
One reason we had picked this hotel was that it had a tennis court, one. That allowed Coach Hill to have a practice of sorts the next morning while I double-checked the route to the following days' match and all of the girls' gear. The afternoon was spent lazing around the pool. I suspect that Patti, Joan, and even Coach Hill actually looked very nice in bikinis. However, with Amanda and Meryl sitting next to them, they looked just plain by comparison.
The next days' match was not far away. It was also one-sided. Collectively, the team lost one set. Again, spirits were high that evening.
I had found what was reviewed online as a good seafood restaurant for us to eat in that night. The six of us were seated at a round table, slightly away from the other tables. As we finished dinner, Coach Hill said, "I got a call from Sharon Duplessis, coach at HGA." Hillsborough Girls Academy was our final opponent, the next day.
"Yeah?" Amanda asked, suspecting what was coming.
"It seems that some of her players said that they would like to play their matches in the nude. She asked if we were ok with that." Looking at Amanda, Meryl, and me, Coach Hill said, "I told her that we were. So, if any of you are so inclined, you are free to play naked tomorrow. Just, please don't tell school administration that we did this."
We knew that we could trust Patti. Amanda, Meryl, and I looked at Joan. Joan smiled. "I'm keeping my clothes on, but, if Amanda and Meryl want to play naked, what happens in Florida stays in Florida." Amanda and Meryl were pleased.
"Hell yeah I'll play naked," Meryl said.
"Me too," added Amanda.
"Harry," Coach Hill said, "They moved the match to an indoor club so that it will be more private. Here's the address. You need to figure out how we get there."
Actually, finding the tennis club was very easy. It was about an hour from the hotel (we were staying in the same hotel because it was fairly close to Tampa International). The club was in what looked like a pretty high-end neighborhood.
As I pulled our van into the parking lot, a rather stout middle-aged lady walked out. "Are you the team from up north?"
We collectively nodded.
The lady smiled. "Coach Duplessis made the arrangements with me. There may be a few other members around, but it's no big deal. We've had people play here nude before."
We followed the lady into a locker room. I hastily got all four players gear set up and made my exit so that Patti and Joan could change. Looking out on the courts, I saw four girls in matching warm up suits knocking balls around. That must be HGA, I thought.
An attractive woman whom I guessed to be about 30 came up to me. She was wearing a similar warm up suit. I guess my polo shirt in the school colors and the embroidered "Locust Ridge Girls Tennis" identified me as a team rep.
The lady extended her hand. "Hi, I'm Sharon Duplessis."
"Hello. I'm Harry Stone, team manger."
Coach Duplessis got a look. "Coach Hill didn't mention that you are with the team."
"I'm sorry. Is that a problem?"
"I don't think so, but you will be here for the matches, right?"
I nodded.
"I'd better tell my girls."
Coach Duplessis walked off. As Amanda, Meryl, Patti, and Joan came out in their warm up suits, I could see Coach Duplessis huddled with her players. I motioned Amanda and Meryl over.
"Small problem," I said. "HGA didn't know I am with the team. I may be spending a few hours in the parking lot."
Amanda frowned. "No, that's not right. Let me talk to Coach."
Amanda was talking Coach Hill when Coach Duplessis joined them. The three talked and then Coach Duplessis walked back and talked to her players. After a short conversation, I heard the HGA girls giggle. Coach Duplessis turned, looked towards Coach Hill, and nodded her head.
Amanda and Coach Hill walked over to me. "Harry," Coach Hill said, "as I think you appreciate, we had a small problem. The girls from HGA didn't know that we had a man with our team. We've talked it over and they've agreed that you can stay for the matches if you take your clothes off too. Amanda said that would not be a problem for you."
"No. It's no problem," I said.
"Ok," Coach Hill said, "strip off."
So I did. I folded my clothes and walked naked to our team bench to set them down. From across the courts, the entire HGA team was watching. As I walked up to our bench, Patti and Joan were watching me too. It was really pretty neat. As I set my clothes down, Patti said "Hulk, you aren't bad, for a white guy" and laughed.
Coach Hill walked up. "Harry, I forgot to give Coach Duplessis our line-up. Could you take this over to her?" Coach Hill was smiling. Naked, I walked around to the other side of the courts, past the six members of the HGA girls' tennis team who were all inspecting me closely. I handed the list of who was playing which match to Coach Duplessis, who also looked me up and down.
"I'm glad that you decided to stay,' she said. I was having a great time.
The matches were a bit unusual. HGA's number 1, a very attractive girl, played nude against Patti who played clothed. The HGA girl won 6-4, 4-6, 7-5. It was quite warm in the building. I was perfectly comfortable with nothing on, and I noticed that the girl from HGA stayed nude after her match.
Number 2 singles was Amanda playing nude against the nude number 2 from HGA. The HGA girl may have been attractive, but no one except Meryl and Gwen looks good compared to Amanda. The match did draw attention from the handful of other people in the tennis club. Despite the issue about my presence, I noticed that no one said a word about a couple of guys who were watching with their female partners. I suspected that I had been set up, but, like Amanda in her match, I was the winner.
Number 3 singles was a nude Meryl playing a clothed girl from HGA. Amanda and I sat together nude on the bench watching Meryl play. "She looks great playing naked," Amanda said. I had to agree.
Meryl won her match in straight sets. As she walked towards the bench and us, she was naked and sweaty and looked incredibly sexy. "That was the most fun I've ever had playing tennis," she said. Nodding her head towards the two couples watching from a distance, Meryl said, "I'm glad that we had a bit of an audience. Too bad that there weren't more. I wish I never had to play clothed again." Meryl had walked right up to Amanda and me. We had stood up from the bench. Meryl added, "I'm really glad that the two of you are here naked to share this with me." The three of us had a nude hug.
At number 4 singles, Joan played a traditional clothed match against a clothed opponent. Joan lost. That prompted Meryl to tease Patti and Joan, "You have to go bare to win."
Apparently, word had spread because there were about a dozen people in the club watching as Amanda and Meryl started their nude doubles against the nude pair from HGA. A middle-aged woman in a tennis dress came over to me. "Excuse me, are the girls playing all of their matches in the nude?"
"No ma'am," I replied. "This will be the last nude match. All four girls playing in the other doubles will be clothed."
"Why are you nude?" the lady asked.
"I'm a team manger. The girls from HGA asked for me to take my clothes off."
"And you did?"
"Sure. Why not?"
"How much are they being paid to play nude?" the woman asked.
"Not a penny," I responded. "They're playing nude because they enjoy playing tennis in the nude."
The woman walked back to the table where she had been sitting with three other women and two men and, I assume, recounted what I had told her.
Not that I'm biased, but the nude doubles match was a thing of beauty. Women playing tennis are beautiful anyway. Two very beautiful and two attractive young women playing tennis with no clothes on magnify that beauty.
All three sets went to a tiebreaker. The teams split the first two sets. Amanda and Meryl won the third tiebreaker and the match. Both Meryl and Amanda were drenched in sweat as they walked to our bench. They both looked incredibly beautiful and sexy. I hugged and kissed them both.
Coach Hill came up holding Amanda's and Meryl's warm up suits. Both girls shook their heads. "I'm staying naked as long as I can," Meryl said. The three of us sat bare on the bench to watch clothed Patti and Joan go out on the court for the final match.
We noticed some small commotion and heard laughs and loud voices from the HGA side of the court. The HGA 3 and 4 singles players were their number 2 doubles team. Both girls had played their singles matches clothed. Amanda nudged me and said, "Look" pointing across the court. One of the HGA players was unzipping the tennis dress of the other. As we watched, both players stripped naked to the applause of their teammates. The newly nudes kept the streak intact, beating Patti and Joan in a third set tiebreaker.
After the last match, both teams walked towards the net to shake hands. Initially, I stayed back, not being a player. However, Meryl took me by the elbow and led me up to the net. Everyone who had been nude during the matches stayed nude.
Amanda and Meryl were shaking hands with the HGA number 2 doubles players, with me a step behind. The redhead from HGA was laughing. "They sort of shamed us into doing it, saying that only naked players were winning. I was really scared. I've never gone nude in public before (a statement corroborated by her very pronounced, but sexy, tan lines). But, I saw Marcy and Jill and you two do it and it looked like you were all having fun. So I asked Karen if she wanted to play this last match naked. She said 'I will if you do.'"
Karen, a brunette who also had pronounced tan lines, was standing with her. "I'm glad Bess didn't chicken out. That was really fun. It felt so good not to have anything on."
Just then, the lady who had greeted us when we arrived came onto the court carrying a tub full of ice and bottles of Gatorade. "This is the least I can do. Word got out quickly that some pretty girls were playing tennis here naked. This is my best bar take for mid-day Thursday in years."
The girls gratefully drank the Gatorade. Of the players, only Patti and Joan were clothed. No one seemed in any hurry to get dressed.
Monica, the HGA number 1, said "My house is just a few blocks from here. My folks don't mind. We can go over there, shower, and hang out nude all afternoon." Monica nodded at me. "You do have to bring him, though."
Patti and Joan were obviously not interested, and Coach Hill was about, I think, to veto the idea when Coach Duplessis said, "They're good people. Pillars of the community."
"Ok," who gets where how?" Coach Hill asked.
Coach Duplessis said, "I can drive you and your clothed players back to your hotel if everyone else can use your van. Monica can tell Harry how to get from her house back to your hotel."
After a moment, Coach Hill said, "Ok, but you three are back at the hotel by 7:00 p.m.!"
Monica came up to me and said, "I'd prefer to ride home naked, but I need to get my racquets and stuff home." All of the girls had the same problem, so I was delegated to get all of the gear and clothes out of the club and into our van.
I started to get dressed. Meryl said, "Harry. Don't do that!" I looked at the lady who ran the tennis club, who was standing a few feet away. "It's no problem with me," she said. "I like you better naked too." So, without a stitch on, I made several trips out to the van carrying racquets, shoes, warm ups, and clothes.
Once I had the van loaded, Amanda, Meryl, and the four players from HGA, all still naked, walked out into the parking lot and got in the van. Of necessity, Monica had the front passenger seat beside me so that she could give directions. After I turned out of the club's side street onto a major road, Monica said, "You'll take this about ten blocks, then left."
We drove a few blocks. The girls in the back were talking, mainly Amanda relating some of her nude experiences. Monica asked me, "I'm confused. Are you Amanda's boyfriend or Meryl's?"
Meryl heard her and answered. "Harry is both my boyfriend and Amanda's, and yes the relationship is sexual with both of us."
That produced a vocal reaction from the HGA players. Much more quietly, Monica said, "good for you."
Monica lived in a very leafy, very expensive looking neighborhood. There was a huge house with a semi-circle drive in front. Monica said, "Just pull into the semi-circle. It's not a big deal. The neighbors see us naked often enough."
I parked, Monica opened the front door, and the HGA girls took their gear from the van inside. As I had suspected, Monica's parents were not home.
Once everyone was inside, Monica announced, "We all smell. Before we do anything else, let's shower. There is an outdoor shower in the back."
Monica led us through an elegantly furnished house out onto a patio which looked like something from a travel magazine. There was a huge pool, Jacuzzi, built-in grill, and lounge chairs all over. In a corner was a freestanding pipe with a couple of showerheads attached to do. A white cabinet stood a few feet away.
Monica said, "Towels are in the cabinet. There are only the two showerheads so we'll all have to be friends."
Being friends meant that, while I washed Amanda and Meryl, and they washed me, I was assigned to wash the backs of the HGA girls as well. Starting with Monica, I was thorough but gentle, and stopped above her buttocks. Monica looked over her shoulder at me. "Harry, I'd like you to wash my ass too unless Amanda or Meryl objects."
Smiling, both Amanda and Meryl shook their heads that they didn't object. I washed Monica's firm ass and, feeling a bit daring, spread her cheeks and ran a finger across her asshole. "I was hoping that you'd do that," Monica said. "Now you can wash the rest of me." I did, from her small breasts to her toes. Somehow, my finger brushed her clit a few times. I had to repeat the service for all four of the HGA players.
As I was washing Karen, I heard Bess, the redhead, ask Amanda and Meryl, "Is he always this nice?"
In unison, my girls answered "Always."
By the time I had fondled four reasonably attractive naked girls, I was more than a bit excited. Monica looked at my hard-on and then pointed to a corner of the patio I had not noticed. There was a wooden frame that stood about seven feet high. Inside the frame was a piece of translucent material. As the sun was coming from the other side, I could see the outline of a large lounge chair.
Monica said, "That's all the privacy we can offer. My folks use it if they get horny while we have company. Go ahead."
Amanda took one of my hands while Meryl took the other and they led me behind the frame. Amanda gently pushed me onto the lounger on my back. Meryl straddled me and slowly lowered herself down as she guided my dick inside her. As Meryl began to ride me, Amanda straddled my face and I started to eat. The HGA girl's tennis team, standing naked on the other side of the partition, watched the three of us enjoy each other in silhouette.
After the sex, we spent a pleasant afternoon naked with the girls from HGA. Mostly, they asked us about our three-way relationship. Bess and Karen asked Amanda, me, Monica, and Denise, their number 2 singles and also a nudist, a lot of questions about social nudism.
About 5:00 p.m., Monica said, "allowing for traffic, you guys better get going." She gave me detailed directions back to our hotel. We thanked her and her teammates and everyone exchanged phone numbers and e-mail addresses. As we walked out to the van, Meryl asked Monica "Do you think we'd be ok riding back nude?"
Monica laughed. "You might give some truckers a thrill, but other than that you'll be ok."
Amanda and Meryl looked at each other, smiled, and, together, said, "We can handle that."