She spent days getting ready for today, It had been far too long since they went out to play. Picking the perfect dress, grey spaghetti strap dress with a deep V and it was just long enough to drop below her ass cheeks. It fit so well she looked like she had been dipped in cold steel. Her sterling silver choker with long silver chains that are almost longer than the dress, the perfect heels and chain maille around her wrist. Everything ready to go for the evening.
He had a packed schedule and would be easy to intercept all day. The coffee shop was first on the list, she got there early, tucked into a corner with her book. A light weight sundress would do nicely. No panties of course. Her pulse sped up when he and his new hire walked through the door. Creature of habit he went straight to his favorite table and it just so happened to have a perfect view of where she was sitting. Sitting back in her chair she slipped her sandals off and let them hit the floor. It made enough noise he looked over. Got him! Spreading her knees enough for him to see her sweet pussy. She was already wet with anticipation of the day. As the shop cleared, she grew bolder. Pulling her foot into the chair with her, letting the dress slide further up her thigh, mmmm there we go, he could see enough to notice her new hood jewelry. She could hear him having to recollect his thoughts. Mission accomplished. Gathering her things, she brushed past their table and out the door.
His lunch spot for the day was the cafe at the edge of one of their parks in town. She found her tree line, hung her Eno and spread the large picnic blanket down too. She sun and crisp air felt amazing in her tanned skin. When he and his clients took their seats she rolled to her stomach. Her perfect ass with nothing more than the light fabric covering it. The breeze picking up the hem of the dress. She could always feel his intense eyes when they found her. Parting her legs a little more, raising her hips off the ground, Just enough, he was in a business lunch afterall. Digging into her bag, she found the sleek glass dildo she packed, laid it on her blanket, snapped a picture and sent it him. Knowing he would check, he doesn't ignore her messages, she stood up, through the dildo into the hammock and stretch, her dress pulling right on her hard nipples. The thing about hammocks, you can do whatever you want in them and no one can really see. Getting into her hammock gave anyone looking a nice view of her barely covered skin. One more text to him, "don't worry, I am just playing, right to the edge. I don't want to spill your honey." He immediately looked towards her. They locked eyes, she smiled a wicked smile and disappeared into her hammock.
After the park, she went home to get cleaned up and ready for the evening. She had gotten to the edge of cumming all day and she didn't know how much more she could take honestly. She got to the bar before he made it there, ordered her drink and was chatting with the bartender. He was running later than she anticipated and the bar was filling up. When he walked in she recognized a few faces with him but none she actually knew, perfect. They made their way to the bar and started ordering drinks. She smiled and laughed at the conversations around her, winked when people made eye contact. Flirted with men and women alike. Played with the long chains hanging from her neck. The seat beside her opened and he took his place, leaned over and interdicted himself. She did the same and turned to face him and his group. The drinks were flowing and he was getting boulder, touching her knee, her thigh, she would laugh and reach for his arm, his shoulder. They flirted the night away. She ask for her tab, took a napkin and wrote. "It is time for you to collect your pet, Kitty wants to play." Passing it to him, she held the silver chains in hand and she said her farewells.
Quickly he paid his tab, walked out behind her, took the chains from her hand and lead her into the waiting Uber. Once inside, he wrapped the chains tighter, pulling her close and kissed her.
Leaning her back against the door, she placed a heel at his side, the other on the floor and exposed her drippy wet pussy for him. She had a garter, high up her thigh with a small vibrator stashed. She had to cum. NOW. Quickly working her clit and pussy to orgasm, he let out a moan. It wasn't far to their hotel. He was getting impatient. Finally there, he leaned up to slip the driver some cash, "Thanks Sam, you always take care of us. See you next time." opened his door, collected his Pet and said, "You have played ALL DAY...it is my turn!"