Edited by Quinn McMullen
This story was originally all together in one part. After many kind comments I have expanded several sections and divided it into three parts to make it easier for you the reader. All characters are at least 18 years of age. Special thanks to Quinn McMullen for all his efforts with editing. It was no small task!
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary
Today is Wednesday
Ok, just had another big day. The day started with me sleeping in till one in the afternoon. I went outside and was assaulted by the heat. I decided to take a swim. I put my suit on and grabbed my cover-up and lo and behold there was a familiar card in the pocket. Immediately my plans for the day changed.
I jumped through the shower and went through my mom's closet and found quite a few sexy outfits. Who is this lady? I opted for the one she was wearing the morning she was so drunk. Slipping it on it fit me rather well. Mom is a little heavier chested than me but apparently not by much. I always think of Mom as having such a great body. The fact I can wear her clothes kind of makes me feel good.
Anyway, I dolled myself up for the first time since that first date with Jake. I have to say I was stunning. Grabbing my clutch, I stuffed my key card, some cash, and the little card from Beth into it and started toward The Sun and Shade. I figured since I had a room number and a name this time, I could leave a message for Beth to contact me here. This whole no cell phone thing was a pain in the ass right now. If I can talk to Beth, I can get a message to Allie and have her come over. Then I will finally be able to talk to her. Oh, I know... I am brilliant!
I mustered all my confidence and walked briskly down the boardwalk to the little security station. I smiled my best smile as I asked to leave a message for Beth in Suite 2341. The officer typed on his keyboard for a minute. He informed me there was no Beth in room 2341. I furrowed my brow saying, maybe I have the room number wrong. He asked for the last name. I said I didn't know it and just like that we had come full circle. I opened my clutch and pulled out the wad of cash and the card Beth had given me. My room key fell to the ground as I shuffled the things in my hand around. Oh, I corrected. She is in room 2314. The guard picked my key card off the ground with a puzzled look on his face.
"West Cove condos," he asked
"Yes," I said looking confused.
He chuckled and slid the card through the reader. I looked shocked when my face and name appeared on the screen.
"All the resorts are linked," he said with a smile, "West Cove is a sister resort. You only need this one card to be able to get in for the day as a visitor. I see you have a credit card linked with it. You can also use it to shop at any of the Sun and Shade stores." Then he pulled out a wrist band and asked me to hold out my arm. "You will need this since you don't have a Sun and Shade Resort card. It's good until six tonight. Make sure you leave before six and don't forget to check out when you leave, or you get on the list."
"The list?"
"You don't want to be on the list," he said, the corner of his mouth turning up a little.
"Yes sir," I said, giving a little salute.
"So, take this path through the gate and just follow it until you see the visitor center. Stop and check in there and they will get you situated." He hit a red button, there was a buzz then a click, and the gate swung outward.
It was like Disneyland for adults. I walked through the main gate and breathed in the mixture of sweet and salty smells. Everything was so vibrant and colorful. There were people everywhere with an energy of hopefulness and anticipation. The feeling that all your dreams could come true seemed to permeate the air. Everyone was smiling and laughing as they greeted one another. Heck, as they greeted me. They were like lifelong friends I hadn't met yet.
Before I knew it, I found the visitor center where I was greeted by a bright-eyed brunette in an official-looking suit-wrapped mini skirt with a matching blazer.
"Good afternoon, my name is Lynda. May I be of assistance?"
"I hope so, I was told by the guard to check in here." I held up my arm showing my wrist band. Then handed her my key card. She took it and swiped it.
"Great, she said, "and welcome, is this your first time at the Sun and Shade?"
"Yes," I said. "It's beautiful and there are so many people."
"There is," she agreed, "If you could answer a few questions for us, we can help shape your best experience here at the Sun and Shade." She looked thoughtfully at her screen. "It looks like we have most of your information already. You're staying at West Cove?"
I nodded.
"Are you a guest with anyone here at the Sun and Shade?"
"Not really, I met a few couples over the last week, one is Allie and Brett." There was no recognition of the name on her face, so I continued. "The other is Beth and Rick room 2314. She gave me this card."
I handed her the card with her name and room number on it. To my surprise, she flipped it over and ran it under a black light. The logo for Sun & Shade became visible.
"Neat trick," I said.
She typed something into the computer, then looked up. "Are you married dating or single?"
"Single", then after a second, I added, "I am a unicorn." I felt more than a little silly hearing the word come from my mouth.
"Really?" she seemed to brighten as she looked up from the screen. "Are you here for the Running of the Bulls tomorrow night?"
"Um, I'm not sure what that is."
Linda reached over and picked up a little flyer. On the cover was a woman dressed in a white bone corset. It was covered in elegant lace. The corset accentuated her hourglass figure and her ample chest. She wore white garters with seamed thigh highs and matching white lace boy shorts. She was covered by a sheer white gown. The fine lace and needlework were magnificent. The gown started at her neck, then flowed downward until it pooled at her feet. She had six-inch heels that looked like they were covered in diamonds. The masquerade mask she wore was also covered in lace and what looked like large diamonds. A beaded veil hung from the bottom of the mask obscuring everything, but hazel eyes framed with black eyeliner and long black lashes. Her eyes seemed to look through me. Her sandy brown hair was piled on her head which was accented by the rhinestone crown. A shiver ran through my body.
Behind the queen in the picture were several well-muscled men wearing nothing but studded leather harnesses and what looked like real bullheads with horns and everything.
Across the top of the brochure, it said, "The Running of the Bull's Masquerade Ball."
"Oh my," I said continuing to look over the cover.
Linda continued, "You can find all the details in the brochure, but the basics are this. We hold this masquerade event four times a year, every fall, winter, spring, and summer. Every seventh year, however, during our summer run, we crown a new queen of the bulls.
"Is that why there are so many people here?" I asked.
"Yes, this year the event turns 49. Almost all our members return for this one specific event because we will be crowning a new queen. The resort even had to rent out all the available rooms from the other resorts to accommodate everyone. When the tropical storm hit it forced us to postpone the event until tomorrow. It's a very exciting time and even guests are encouraged to attend and get involved."
"Sounds like a crazy time."
"Oh, it is."
"So, what exactly is the running of the bulls?"
"Have you heard of the running of the bulls in Pamplona?"
I nodded.
"It's based on that theme. Around nine tomorrow night all the women who are participating in the queen competition will gather on the main stage in our open-air pavilion. We limit the number of women competing to eleven. Nine of them are being selected through different competitions held over the last few days. Two of them are from a random drawing. The women who wanted to participate in the run, but were not a finalist gather to the right of the stage.
Then all the men who want to participate in the run, which is usually just about every one of them, are given a number. When their number block is called, they gather at the left of the stage.
On the center of the stage, there is a large round bed they cover in red velvet. It is divided into twelve sections like a giant pie. Each contestant stands in front of their pie peace. Then the current queen comes out and takes her place at the twelfth position.
At this point, twelve men, who were selected by raffle, move to the stage, one man standing by each of the women. Then at the sound of the horn, these women begin the event by giving the inaugural blowjob to the lucky twelve. They each have two minutes to get her man hard, put a condom on him, then turn around and assume the doggy position. The last woman to complete this task is eliminated. The only exception in this first round is the Queen. She cannot be eliminated. Once the remaining ten have attained the goal, the horn sounds.
"This is the signal for the men on the left side of the stage. They need to achieve an erection before they make their way to the stairs to begin their run. Once they are at the top of the stairs, they are to place a condom on, then lube up generously. They are then directed at random to one of the twelve contestants where he awaits his turn. After 30 seconds the horn sounds and the contestant's current partner is replaced by the man behind him. Once replaced the men leave the stage and, if they are able, begin working their way through all the women to the right of the stage changing to the next partner every 30 seconds as the contestants do."
The whole event usually takes between two and four hours, but tomorrow, because of the queen, it's likely to take more than six. It's a big stakes night.
"Sounds fun!" I quipped, "What if they need to pee?"
Linda laughed, "Don't worry, the contestants are given a break every half hour for two minutes. They can use the bathroom then if they need to. There are also water and sports drinks provided to rehydrate. They just have to be back in place when the horn blows or they are disqualified.
"During this next phase, the girls self-eliminate until there are only three left, not including the current queen. Then that round is over and the next begins."
"Self-eliminate? Why would they do that?"
"Well during a normal sexual encounter there are lows and highs with sex sometimes lasting for hours. In this case, because men only need to perform for 30 seconds, it's pretty much a constant pounding for the women on the stage. Then when it becomes too much for them, they simply raise their hand. Once the other eight contestants are eliminated, we are left with three finalists and the queen."
"Can the queen be eliminated in this round?"
"While her presence is more ceremonial than anything. If she lasts the longest, she doesn't win again. She only passes the crown along. If she does tap out before the final contestant, however, then she is considered to be dethroned by the next queen. No former queen has been dethroned in the forty-nine years we have been doing this so to do it would be something if it were done."
"Wow, almost fifty years. So, it's more like bragging rights, the queen is basically saying "look, I can still hang with the best of them."
"Exactly." Now once they are down to the three finalists they proceed to the next round and the Twelve Bulls are brought to the stage. They are the ones wearing the masks in the brochure."
"What's special about them, other than being all muscles?"
"These twelve represent the cream of the crop when it comes to the male specimen. Only two of them are even club members. The rest are imported from the adult entertainment industry where they specialize in stamina. You need to be able to get and keep an erection easily."
"Secondly, they need to measure up. These guys are blessed with both excessive length and girth."
"Third they need to be able to pay close attention to what is going on and be able to respond and coordinate with the other men at a moment's notice. These guys are packing some heat, and they need to be careful not to injure the women."
"Once the round begins the girls now assume the doggie style position and will stay in those positions until the end of the contest. It makes it easier for the bulls to switch quickly between themselves as needed. In this final phase, there are no more breaks for the women. The guys rotate at their own pace in a clockwise manner. So as each bull mounts, there are two waiting to relieve him."
"The last phase is usually over quickly, the beating these women take is impressive. Again, each contestant can tap out whenever they want. In the end, whoever makes it to the end either inherits the crown or takes it depending on if the former queen is still in the game."
"Wow! That sounds crazy!"
"Oh, it is" Linda assured me.
Then a voice came from my left. "Are you going to buy a raffle ticket?"
I turned and saw Beth walking up to the little pavilion.
I looked at her dumbfounded, "What? To compete? That's crazy!"
Beth continued. "I didn't make the cut this year, but I could still get in with the raffle. The odds aren't great with over three hundred entries. But you would have a good chance."
"Me, why do I have a better chance?"
Linda spoke up over her laptop. "Because your odds are currently one in three," she said with a wink. The two names that are drawn for the raffle are from one woman who is in a relationship, that's the blue raffle ticket, and one unicorn, that's the purple ticket".
"So, there are only two Unicorns here?"
"No mam, there a quite a few, but only two have decided to enter."
"So how can I compete, the guard said I had to leave by six?"
"Oh, easy, you just need to have one of your friends sign you in as a guest. Outside visitors must leave, but guests have full resort access as long as their sponsor is here."
"Beth stepped up to the counter." Hey Linda, "I would like to sign my friend here in as a guest. Oh, and she will take one raffle ticket." Beth gave me a wink.
Once I was done at the visitor center Beth gave me a tour. The place was huge. She took me over to the outdoor pavilion. They already had the stage set up and were in the process of setting up chairs. Beth said they would be able to fit almost two thousand people inside.
I asked about Allie and Brett, and she told me they were around, but she hadn't seen them yet today.
Beth then informed me that I needed a costume for the ball. She took me over to the Sun and Shade costume shop. It was huge. In the front window of the shop was the queen's costume. It was even more beautiful in real life.
We entered the shop and we looked at several simple masks and sexy outfits. Then I saw it. It was in a glass case near the back of the shop. It was a red and black leather outfit covered in buckles and straps similar to the one worn by Harley Quinn. The main difference was it was crotchless and the corset went under the breast leaving them open and exposed. The mask was a red leather bull mask that seemed made for a queen. I pointed at it and said that one would be perfect. Beth pointed at the price tag, six thousand dollars.
"I asked if she thought they did rentals."
Beth laughed and said, "No, probably not."
We continued shopping, but nothing stood out and the late night was starting to catch up with me.
I told Beth I thought I would head back and lie down for a bit and maybe come back over later in the evening.
She asked if I wanted her to let Allie know I was here, but I said no that I would see her tonight when I came back, or tomorrow for the party and it would be a surprise.
So now I sleep
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary,
Yup, still Wednesday,
I took a short nap then decided I wanted to go check on Mr. Beach and maybe catch the sunset with him. I haven't been able to get him out of my head today. I still felt bad that I had been cruel to him. Tonight, I thought I would even walk him back to his condo. I did have an ulterior motive, I hoped to run into Maria, but I did want to check on Mr. Beach. I wondered if there was anyone here kind of keeping an eye on him.
I arrived at the gazebo around the same time I had yesterday, and just like yesterday, he called up as I topped the small hill.
"Virginia?" He called.
"Hey Mr. Beach, it's me."
"Oh, he said sounding confused again. Have we met?"
"We met yesterday," I got closer and saw recognition in his eyes.
"Oh yes, the nice lady with Virginia's eyes. Call me Bruce"
"That's me, Mr. Beach, Oh and that reminds me, I saw the green flash and Maria saw it too."
"You did, he sounded genuinely excited."
Then he told me more stories about Virginia and their children. How this used to be the only resort on this key. They had picked it because you could see the sunrise and set from here.
It wasn't long though until he stood. "Well, I got to be going, it's time to get back. Did you want me to walk you back to the condo?"
"Yes," I said, trying to sound as excited as I could. "I want to get back before the weirdos come out."
Mr. Beach looked into my eyes as he smiled, "Gods you have her eyes."
With that, we walked back, and I watched the sun drop further and further. I realized that the sun was going to be setting just about the time we reached his front door. I kept watching the horizon trying to determine whether we should slow down or speed up. Mr. Beach never looked he just kept a constant pace.
We arrived just about the same time as the sunset. Although I didn't see it. I found myself staring into Mr. Beaches' eyes as he stared into mine. I saw the love he felt for her, and it was overwhelming. A single tear rolled down his cheek and he thanked me. He turned and opened the sliding door and walked inside. I followed.
He asked if I wanted some water or something. I said sure and watched as he pulled a glass from the cupboard and put it under the faucet. While he did that I walked over and pulled two chairs from the little kitchen table and moved them in front of the slider that overlooked the water.
I sat down and invited Mr. Beach to sit down when he handed my glass of water to me. The moon and stars had appeared as we sat there in the dark looking out the screen door. It was so peaceful, we didn't speak.
I finished my water then stood, walked to the kitchen putting my glass in the sink. I returned to Bruce where he was still sitting and looking out the window eyes fixed on the moon.
I felt all the hair on my arm stand up.
I slid to my knees in front of him and unfastened his shorts. Only then did he snap out of his trance to look down at me. I made sure I caught his eyes with my own and held them as I reached into his shorts. I wrapped my fingers around him, but he didn't seem to respond to my touch.
He began to protest, but I shushed him gently asking, "Do my eyes look familiar?"
"Yeah," he said dreamily. "They are Virginia's eyes." When he said her name, my mouth felt the life begin to return to him.
It took a long time, but when he was ready, I straddled him on the chair. I placed his hands on my hips and felt he still had strength in them. His face only inches from mine, I never let my eyes break contact with his.
"Virginia?" he asked,
"Yes, Bruce"
"God, I miss you"
"I miss you too"
I rode him as tears rolled down his cheeks. My movement was slow, and unhurried. He called her name one more time as he climaxed, then sobbed when we were done, I let my tears mix with his. I helped him to bed and tucked him in. He thanked me and before I left the room, he was asleep.
When I got back to the condo Maria was sitting outside the door. She looked up and smiled. She was radiant.
"Did he see the Greenlight?"
"I think he did," I said cocking my head to one side.
"Want to go for tacos?"
"Is that code for something?"
She laughed saying, "Maybe."
I had a great time talking about our favorite music, and movies. It was like we had known each other forever and we were just catching up.
She walked me back to the condo a little after eleven. There was an envelope sticking out of the door. I grabbed it as I stepped inside with Maria. I opened it and froze. I won.
I was surprised no one came and told us to keep it down as we jumped up and down screaming for joy.
Then Maria said, "What did you win?"
Maria and I sat on the couch and snuggled in the dark while I told her about everything I could remember about the running of the bulls. I must talk too much because she fell asleep about halfway through.
So, I grabbed my diary and now I have told you.
Once we had finished celebrating, I read the letter in its entirety. There was a mandatory meeting I had to attend at seven tomorrow morning. It also stated that because this was a masquerade event that I was to tell no one I had won. None of the contestants knew if they were in until tonight and everyone was to keep the results secret.
Fine by me. It would be fun to surprise Allie and Brett. Imagine if I won.
Oh, that was the other thing. The queen gets her very own suite for the next seven years, and former queens get a suite they all share. I think they treat it like a timeshare. I will have to ask tomorrow. The best part is the $50,000 grand prize. That's right, that's life-changing money right there. When Beth signed me up, I didn't think I had a chance, but now I want to win.
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary
Today is Thursday
I woke Maria last night after she fell asleep to tell her I was going to bed. She asked if she could stay, and we opened Pandora's Box. I now know what it feels like to make love to someone. She was tender, soft, and life-altering.
I'm not going to write more because I think I will keep last night between just the two of us for now. Maybe more later. What I will say is that it was nice to fall asleep with someone in your arms and wake up with them still there. I made her breakfast this morning. She said she would swing over Friday after work to see how it went.
Now however I have a meeting to get to.
_ _ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary,
It's still Thursday morning and I pray my grandmother doesn't kill me when she sees how much I spent on the Harley Quinn outfit. My hands were shaking when I handed the lady the card, and I almost lost my cool when the purchase was approved. On the plus side, I got it for half off for being one of the finalists.
They also take this contest seriously. You can never reveal who you are at any point before or during the contest. It's all part of the illusion that anyone here could be the queen. Afterward, you can tell people, but are still discouraged from doing so. They want to try and keep it a mystery. They said you could tell your closest friends and family if you feel the need to share.
I also didn't get to meet any of the other contestants. Turns out they keep us all separated until the event starts. We each have our own dressing rooms and everything.
I also did my first bit of adulting when I read over the non-disclosure agreement for the Sun and Shade. Then signed it. It is a, 'What Happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas', type policy. I'll have to tell Maria not to tell anyone. Although when I told her I didn't know about any of that.
I think I am going to lay low for the rest of the day. I have an appointment at the spa in twenty minutes for a massage and to get waxed for tonight.
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary,
This is it, wish me luck
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary
Today is Friday
Mom and Dad are back and in a fantastic mood. I am glad they had a little mini-romantic getaway. It feels like we are a real family again. They came in just after three this morning just after I got back if felt like old times.
Okay, you want to hear about last night. Here we go.
I checked in at six and was led to my own private dressing room. Beth was allowed to come and help me get ready since I am her guest. To say she was excited would be quite an understatement.
I spent the whole time trying to fit into my outfit. Once we finally got every strap, buckle, and pull string adjusted to the right size, it literally fit like a glove. If I ate a peanut, I think it would pop off me. I will say I looked damn good.
Beth decided to apply white clown makeup to all my exposed skin and put ruby red lipstick on me. She also blocked my eyes with black liner and put big eyelashes on me. I swear I could see the curtains move when I blink.
One of the officials came in and I felt very exposed and self-conscious with all my lady bits hanging out. That's when it hit me, I was going to be in front of almost two thousand people in just a few minutes. It was all I could do to not hyperventilate. I may have looked sexy, but I didn't feel that way in the moment. If Beth wasn't there, I would not have gone through with it.
So, I heard the music start and some more people came in to go over rules and how things were going to work for the fiftieth time. There was a TV in our room, and they turned it on so we could see. The place was packed to capacity. When the DJ announced the beginning of the Run the crowd went crazy. I could hear them through the block walls.
Then it was just like Linda said.
I stepped on the stage with the roar of approval from the crowd. I am not sure if it was me or the fact the DJ said I was the Unicorn winner of the raffle drawing they were cheering about.
I looked to my left and saw myself on the Jumbo Tron. There is nothing like seeing yourself 50 feet tall to get the old anxiety pumping.
I was contestant number ten and was moved to my spot on the bed. The crowd again went wild for contestant eleven. Once the applause subsided the music stopped, and all the lights dimmed almost to black. I watched as a single spotlight moved back and forth across the stage until it stopped.
There she was. I felt goose flesh on my whole body. It was the reigning queen of the bulls. I put my hands to my ears it was so loud. She was dressed in the same outfit from the window at the shop and the brochure. She was a sight to behold. She walked gracefully back and forth across the front of the stage to the cheers of the crowd
Finally, she took her position in the number twelve spot. Once she did the lights came back up and the announcer started going over the rules.
Then I watched as the twelve men walked onto the stage. Each wore a bull's head mask. They walk to their designated spots stopping in front of each contestant. Some of them were already half-hard, I hoped I would get one of them, but I didn't. My bull was completely shaved with a bit of a belly. The guys were not allowed to touch themselves once on the stage. The work was up to us. Then I heard the horn.
I dropped to my knees and completely enveloped him easily. I heard him groan as my tongue circled the little mushroom top. Immediately I felt him responding to my mouth and with a few more strokes he was hard as iron. What he lacked in size he made up for in firmness.
Quick as a flash, I put his condom on him and assumed the doggy position on the bed. He slid easily into me and began pounding away. I had only been beaten by contestant two and the queen. Contestant two wore a pink body stocking and a pink mask.
Then contestants two and eleven finished about the same time. Two wore a cute blue lace teddy with matching stockings, garter, and crotchless panties. Number eleven next to me wore a solid black unitard that was crotchless. She wore a cat mask that was made from velvet.
Next was one, three, and seven. One was dressed in a bright yellow body stocking with matching heals. Three and seven both wore red teddies with red devil horn masks. The only difference was one wore red stockings the other black fishnets. I guess that's one of the bad things about not seeing your competitors. You don't know if you're wearing the same thing.
Now we come to number eight. She was wearing a black and silver full-length gown. It was split up the back and front so when she assumed the position it split revealing her creamy white skin. Her gown looked so regal, and she looked a queen.
Before I could finish admiring number eight's gown it was over. Number nine next to me was the first one to exit the contest.
Then the queen reached her hands into the middle and all the contestants did likewise taking each other's hands. Once this happened the horn sounded, and the bed began to slowly rotate and would continue to do so for the rest of the contest. This was new for this year. And the crowd loved it.
I am not sure what I was thinking it was going to be like, but I could have never imagined what it was. It was like a sporting event with sex. I felt energized by the crowd as I got pounded from behind. It seemed like each guy was trying to be the one who broke me. This couldn't even be compared to any other sex I had ever had. The only way I can describe it is if you're hanging out with your girlfriends talking about different guys you like while your guy friends take you from behind at a school pep assembly. I think that sums it up pretty good actually. I mean it felt good, but it wasn't earth-shattering sex.
At our first break, I was feeling great. I didn't have to use the bathroom, but I did need to hydrate. I drank like a camel. I touched up my makeup quickly, and then back to the grind.
After the break, we were allowed to change positions, but had to stay in those positions until the next break. I got on my back. Turns out it was a lot more work holding my legs in the air. By the time the second break rolled around, I was ready for the change. Again, I drank like a camel and touched up my makeup. I was sweating like a pig, plus all the lubes had made short work of my makeup in my lower region.
I got back on the bed in the doggy position. During this round, I tried to hold a conversation with number eleven, but the music and crowd were so loud it was almost impossible. After a few more rounds my knees began to shake so I went back to my back. Now I began switching back and forth each round trying to keep the discomfort in my hips to a minimum. Then number two didn't make it back from the next break and she was done.
After another break, I began to wonder if the men had been arranged by their size, having us start with the smaller, then working our way to the bulls. During that round, we lost three, six, and seven just about at the same time. One and four didn't return before the next round started.
Then just like that, four and a half hours in and we were down to four contestants. Only one more needed to drop out and we would move to the final round.
When the next round began it was evident the men were getting thicker and longer. It was during this round one of the guys hit bottom in a bad way and I involuntarily cried out. He eased up and asked if I was ok and I said yes. Luckily the round ended soon after that and I got a much-needed break. I didn't know if I could do another round. Beth was a good coach and after a pep talk, had me back out there just in time.
Then just shy of the five-hour mark number five threw in the towel and we moved to the final round.
This year they gave a 30-minute break between this and the final round so we could go freshen up.
Beth was ready for me as soon as I walked through the door. She used a warm rag to completely remove the clown makeup. She said it wasn't holding up and was streaking bad. She said it would look better on the screen without it. Ah yes, the screen. I had forgotten about the screen
Now and then the bed would rotate so you could see whomever they had the camera on. It was kind of exciting to see me up there getting railed from behind. But mostly I forgot it was even there.
Anyway, Beth used a cool rag and pressed it to my lady parts, and they were so thankful. I couldn't believe how swollen I had become. Then I heard the music start and the DJ start announcing the three finalists.
They had stripped the bed and put on a new red velvet cover that divided it into four sections. This was it. Number eight and the queen still looked fresh. Eleven looked about done in. I hoped I looked better than her.
We assumed the doggie position for the last time that night. The bed had silk pillows we could use to help prop ourselves up as well as handles we could grip to keep us from getting slammed around too much.
The music and lights went down as they began to announce the bulls. I looked around at the girls and everyone was in great spirits and all smiles. I began to wonder how long I would last. If nothing else, it had been fun.
During the last several hours it had felt great, but I never had an orgasm. Several girls were vocal, but I don't think they did either. There were a few times I got close, but then the stupid horn blew, and it would break whatever energy my body had. I watched as the bulls surrounded us, walking in the opposite direction of the bed. They were like sharks circling getting ready for a feeding frenzy. Each man was at full attention and stroking himself. They were all huge.
Then I saw him. Even though he had a mask on I recognized the tattoo on his arm. It was a bulls head. I had noticed it that night in the gazebo but hadn't thought about it again till now. I was encouraged. These bulls may have looked intimidating, but I had gotten in a little practice with one of them unwittingly. Maybe I could do this.
Then the horn sounded, and I felt warm hands followed by a warm shaft. Yup, they had definitely been working us up to these guys.
This time there was no horn to stop them or break the momentum.
The rest of the room disappeared when he entered me. It reminded me of the other night, being filled to overflowing. Holding on to that thought, I felt my body begin to respond positively to his assault.
The Queen was the first to cum and I watched in awe. Then as their orgasm waned, the bulls switched out almost seamlessly. The queen came again almost immediately. The bed had rotated so I could see the giant screen. It was a sight to behold and the energy in the room began changing as the crowd quieted to hear each girl's orgasm. Then it was my turn and I learned that the orgasms were key.
When I came all discomfort in my body disappeared. I felt multiple hands on me as the bulls switched. I felt this bull push in and reach his hand around to my button. I came hard again. As the bulls became a seamless loop. I never saw number eight leave. I just looked up and she was gone.
After a few more minutes I felt hands on mine. I opened my eyes to look directly into the queen's. Everyone else was gone. I felt her fingers tighten on mine as she came, and I could feel her sexual energy travel thru her fingertips into mine. I could hear the crowd in the background and the DJ, but I was lost in my next orgasm. I quickly realized the thing that was going to make one of us tap out was not being able to breathe.
In the end, I was no match for the sitting queen but had earned the right to be called queen. I couldn't take another orgasm. Something I never thought I would ever hear myself say.
The crowd erupted as I was pulled toward the satin and lace-covered thrown. Where the former queen sat. I approached and bowed low like they had told me to do. I felt her hands on my cheeks as she lifted my face to hers and kissed me gently on the mouth. Then she placed a crown similar to the one she wore onto my head and stepped aside from the throne. The crowd erupted again as they began to chant "Long live the queen!"
Then the party started for everyone else as I made my way back to my chambers where Beth was waiting for me. The first thing I did was strip out of the outfit. It took both of us almost a half hour to get out of it. She asked what I was planning on doing the rest of the night and I told her I thought I would go back to the condo and sleep. She said she didn't blame me at all. I slipped into the shorts and baby T I had worn here, and no clothing had ever felt so comfortable.
Then an official came in and handed me some paperwork that I was to present to the office sometime in the next few days.
I didn't hear most of it, I was exhausted. Beth walked me out the side of the building where they had a golf cart waiting for me.
The nice security guard then drove me back over to the condo where there was a note from Maria that she would swing by tomorrow.
I went inside and drank two full glasses of water. Then as I sat at the kitchen table writing in you, my parents arrived. Dads' friend is with them. They are telling stories and talking about old times, and I don't want to miss it.
Mom came over and asked how the last few days were. I said it's a lot of work adulting. She hugged me and kissed my forehead and asked what I am writing.
I told her I was documenting my time here in Florida. Then she pressed the back of her hand to my forehead and told me I look warm. Yeah, I said, and I'm exhausted. Mom smiled and kissed my forehead again. I am going to join them.
More later old friend
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary,
Today is Sunday
The time has come, Allie and Brett are leaving in just a few hours and while I am sad to see them go, I am thankful for the short time we had together.
Allie knocked on the door at seven this morning asking if I wanted to hang out for a bit. I feel like I had connected with her, and I cried when I saw her.
Now to my disappointment they are packing and heading out as I speak. I tried to not let it affect me too much today. It was still good to see them, and I apologized profusely for my behavior. We still had fun and talked, but I think Allie could tell I was feeling a bit down. She kept asking if I was alright.
At one point when we had stopped for lunch, she pulled her chair up next to me and took my hands in hers.
She looked into my eyes and said, "Every relationship is built on honesty, trust, and the truth. Even when we don't like the truth when we are honest, we can still trust one another. You have expressed that you hope to find what Brett and I have, and honesty, trust, and the truth is why Brett, and I are the way we are and can be so happy in the life we live. I hope you know you don't have to pretend around us. We like you and you are a lot of fun to hang out with. You remind me a lot of my best friend in college. I know you are struggling with things like a broken heart, and a family dynamic that wasn't maybe the best in the past. On top of that, you're trying to figure out who you are and where you fit into this big world. I want you to feel you can always come to me and I will always listen."
Allie slid an envelope across the table. I opened it and inside was a handwritten note with her name, cell number, email, and her home address.
I looked up at her, I could feel the tears streaming down my cheeks.
She touched my arm, "If you ever need anything, just call, text, or stop by. This isn't goodbye, it's I'll see you soon."
Then I threw myself into her arms and bawled like a baby. That's right, snot and everything. She held me till I calmed down.
Anyway, I am trying to not let it depress me. Even Mom noticed I was feeling down once I got back from lunch. She came into my room and asked if I was ok. I said yes, but then I heard Allie in my head. 'Honesty, trust, and truth'.
So, I took a deep breath and said, no. that I wasn't alright. As soon as the words were spoken, I felt myself calm. Mom crossed the room and sat on the corner of the bed. I didn't look at her, but for the first time in a very long time, I was completely honest with her and told her everything. She stopped me when I got to the part about Maria and me having sex with all the couples in the gazebo in the Sun and Shade.
I felt her hand turn my face upward to look into her eyes. She was crying.
Mom and Dad were planning on getting a divorce. My Gram found out and insisted that they bring me down for the summer and they stay here for two weeks before they split.
Then Mom said, "The reason she had us come here is that this is where your dad and I met and fell in love."
"How did you meet; did he work here?"
"Um well not exactly, Mom continued. Now she was looking at the floor. We met at The Sun and Shade."
I know, right. It turns out they had started in the swinger's lifestyle. They had come to the resort with some friends just kind of checking it out and ended up together. On top of that, they were swingers up till I was in the 7th grade.
Mom said the reason they moved was she fell out with a friend, and she used the information to try and ruin Mom and Dad. They even called protective services and tried to have me taken away. When people started keeping their kids away from her, Mom knew she had to do something to protect me.
She demanded we all move and start over free from the lifestyle and free from others hurting us. That's when we moved, and that's when Mom fell out with Gram. Gram said she needed to stay and face her problems.
I asked her if Gram knew about their lifestyle.
That's when Mom said, "Oh honey, your Gram and Grandpa picked this condo for a reason."
Yup, Mind Blown.
Mom said they had been miserable ever since. She said she was trying to make us be a family that we were not. Mom said she had wrecked everything, and it took this trip for her to figure it out. Then she told me to never tell our Gram that she was right.
I have never seen my mother cry before. It's like she could feel my emotions and I could feel hers. She apologized so much for her actions in my life I began to get uncomfortable. Once we had both calmed down, she kissed my forehead and left the room. It felt as if a huge weight had been lifted from my shoulders. Who knows maybe this is a new beginning for all of us?
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary
It's still Saturday.
My parents stayed home tonight, and we walked down to the beach and built a campfire. Maria showed up after her shift and hung out with the rest of us. I don't know where he got it, but Dad got his hands on an old guitar. We sang old Jimmy Buffett songs in between stories of what life was like for Mom and Dad when I was growing up. I have no memory of a better time spent with Mom and Dad.
Later after we were back from the beach and had gotten ready for bed, Mom pulled me aside. Turns out she really liked Maria too and is super happy for us. I told Mom that we had talked about being together in an open relationship. Then I asked Mom if it was ok that maybe she could walk me through what I could expect from an open relationship. She smiled and said it's work but it's fun and that she would be more than happy to share some of her experiences good and bad. Turns out Mom and Dad's adventures could fill a book but as I fill the last few lines in this diary, I will leave you with this.
I asked her what was one of the best times that Dad and she had had.
Mom looked at me intently giving it some thought then said smiling, "Did you know that I am a queen?"