Chapter 9 -- Susan's Turn at the Johnson Lodge
Bob, here continuing the story of how my wife, Susan opened Pandora's Box and unleashed her inner slut. It all started several months ago when my buddy Billy invited to a gangbang. Judi, the wife of an acquaintance of ours took on all cumers (so to speak). When I got home, Susan smelled Judi's pussy juices on me, but instead of being angry at me, she realized that Judi had done was what Susan had been suppressing all her life. Over the next few weeks, she fucked and sucked lots of men and even fell in complete lust with the Julie Davenport, a woman we met in California. Julie and her husband produce high quality porn films and made one hell of a film of Susan fucking a bunch of guys on a nude beach north of Santa Cruz. I won't try to retell the whole story of the past couple of months, but I encourage you to go back and read the preceding chapters.
Susan became enamored of Julie's piercings and when we returned from California, she got her nipples pierced and she got a clit ring installed. Our sex life cooled off a bit while Susan recovered from the insertions, but the sexual energy inside her built like a smoldering volcano. Today, when she was on her way home from her job as an accountant, she called me on her cell phone and said, "Hey, baby, I have been thinking about sucking your cock all day. My pussy is still too sensitive to fuck, but my mouth is watering for a cum cocktail. I'm only a few minutes away, so drop whatever you are doing and drop your shorts because your cum queen is hungry for your cock."
I smiled and told her that I would be ready for her and I was standing naked in the doorway with my cock at attention when she walked in. She dropped to her knees without even closing the door and inhaled my pecker all the way down her throat. She tickled my balls and then grabbed my buns and pulled me to her as hard as she could and started fucking me with her mouth as fast as she could. I was pretty horny myself and it wasn't long before I could feel my jism rising from deep in my balls.
"Get ready for a full load," I said to her. She increased her pace until her head was almost a blur and as I started to cum, she took my cock all the way down her throat and started humming. I exploded with several huge shots as she milked me dry and then pulled her head back and let my cock pop out of her mouth.
"Thanks, honey," she said. "Damn, I want to get laid in the worst way. I should be ready by the weekend. How about inviting Billy over for dinner and some kinky deserts?"
"I think I have an even better idea," I told her. "Julie and Jeff are coming to town on Saturday."
Susan's face lit up like a Las Vegas Casino and she let out a big whoop. "When did you learn that?"
"Jeff called about an hour ago. He is bringing a preliminary edit of the footage they took on the beach and wants to get our reaction."
"Sweet!" said Susan. "I can't wait for Julie to check out my new jewelry. How long are they staying?"
"I don't know, but I expect it to be longer than just the weekend."
"I hope so. I have been thinking about her and I have an idea I want to talk over with you. Is Dinner ready?"
"Well, you just ate the appetizer, but the main course is in the oven. Let's set the table and hear your idea."
Susan stripped off her work clothing, slipped on a silk see-through short bathrobe and opened a bottle of wine. She poured a glass for each of us as I served dinner, but she somehow forgot to tie her bathrobe so it hung wide open and gave me a good look at her nipple rings.
"You like?" she asked me for the 57th time.
"I'll like them better when I can play instead of just stare."
"Well you can lick them after dinner if you are gentle. And I'm going to do a test of my clit ring with this wine bottle." She poured each of us a full glass and emptied the bottle, then put one foot on her chair and placed the open end of the wine bottle in her cunt. She held it out to me and invited me to moisten it, so I took it as deep into my mouth as I could and put plenty of saliva on it then gave it back to her. This time, she inserted it right into her pussy and kept on going. It was a Pinot Noir bottle, so it sloped more gently than a Cabernet bottle, but in moment, she had half of the bottle inside her. Her eyes got a bit of a glazed look as she pushed the rest of the bottle into her cunt and then sat down, fully impaled on the wine bottle and ready to eat.
"How's that feel?" I asked her.
Susan just looked at me with a loopy grin and said, "Full."
Just at that moment, the door bell rang and before we had a chance to get up and answer the door, Billy had let himself in and plopped himself down next to Susan.
"Hey, new nipple jewelry! When did that happen?"
Susan looked at Billy and smiled as she stood up and showed him her clit ring. The bottom of the wine bottle started slipping out as she stood up and Billy couldn't miss the opportunity. He pulled out his cock and laid it next to the wine bottle."
"What are you thinking, bitch. I'm almost as thick and almost as long and I squirt. Pull that bottle out and put some live meat in your love canal."
"I'm still too sore for a live cock in my pussy, but you can fuck my ass while Bob and I talk about an idea I want to share with him." She turned her back to him and sat on his lap, facing away and said, "Now Billy, you haven't forgotten how to find my ass hole with your dick yet, have you?
"Your ass hole hasn't a chance. Billy's butt blaster is on the way." I watched as he inserted first a few inches and then more until he had his entire cock up Susan's ass.
We were still at the dining room table, so I looked at Susan and ignored Billy fucking her as I asked her, "So what's this grand idea of yours?"
Susan gave me this big grin and said, "I want to do Johnson's Lodge, but this time, my way. I have it all thought out. All I need from you is recruiting. I want at least 30 single men and a minimum of 10 couples who won't freak out and split. Can you do that for me?"
"Oh, and since this will be a fund raiser everyone who shows up has to kick in $500 for a charity of my choosing."
"When do you want to do this?" I asked.
"I need to talk it over with Julie and Judi before I can answer that," she replied.
"Judi?" I didn't know you girls even know each other."
"You would be surprised how close Judi and I have become in the last few weeks," Susan said with a mischievous grin.
"Do tell, do tell" I asked.
Well, we had lunch a couple of weeks ago and spent the afternoon exploring each other's bodies. She is a real hottie and I am so thankful to her for letting my demon free."
"So what's the big idea?" I asked, more curious now than ever.
"You just recruit and show up on time and you will be pleasantly surprised."
Susan closed her eyes and leaned back into Billy and started grinding her ass onto his cock. She took Billy's hands and put one on each breast and then dropped her hands to her pussy. Billy took the hint and started tweaking Susan's nipple jewelry.
"That's it, Billy. Ram that thing into me. I think I'm going to have a nice orgasm pretty soon.
"Are you liking this, Bobby?" she asked me. "Do you like seeing Billy fuck my ass?"
I smiled at her and pulled my cock out and offered it to her. I stepped outside Billy's legs and held my cock up to her mouth. She pulled my cock into her mouth with one hand and started stroking my ball sack with the other. She fingered my anus and gently stuck one finger up my ass and started stroking my prostrate. That was about all it took and I groaned "Load coming your way..."
Susan pulled my cock out of her mouth and jacked me off until I came on her tits, all over Billy's hands.
"Shit, Bob. Did you just cum on my hands? That fuckin does it, brother. Now I am going to truly fuck your wife."
He started fucking her in earnest and yelled, "Here's your load, baby!" Susan slammed her ass down on him and let go with a big squirt that drenched me and the living room carpet.
Susan and Billy collapsed for a few minutes before Susan pulled herself off his deflated cock and said, "Thanks for bringing desert, Billy. That was fun. And I want some help from you. I think I am ready to take my turn at the Johnson Lodge. Can I count on you to bring ten of your friends?"
Billy looked at her as a huge grin gobbled up his face. He looked at me and said, "You ready for this, Bubba?"
"Truthfully, Billy, after what she did in California, I expect the Johnson Lodge to be pretty tame."
How wrong I was...
SATURDAY...
We met Jeff and Julie at the airport. Julie and Susan saw each other and rushed into a huge hug and a giant lip lock. They must have kissed each other for two minutes before they finally pulled their torsos apart but kept their arms around each other's waist. They looked at each other for a few moments and then burst out laughing.
"Damn you look fine, girl," Julie said as she gave Susan another kiss. "I can't wait to see your new jewelry. Bob, tell her to be daring and show me her jewelry right now, in the public airport."
I looked at Julie with a big grin and said to Susan, "Don't be daring... until we make it to our car. And you, you little cock teaser, I can't wait to make a sandwich out of you and Jeff." I turned to Jeff and gave him a big hug and said, "So did you bring your camera? Susan wants to put on a show."
Jeff smiled and said, "Got it covered. Believe me. Got it covered." He picked up his bags and said, "Let's boogie. I want to see Susan's clit ring."
Susan winked at me and then pulled her skirt up and down so quickly that even the cameras in the airport would be hard pressed to catch her flash. She turned and started to stroll away with an exaggerated sexy lilt to her hips. She turned her head over her shoulder and said to Julie, "Are you getting wet yet?" She flounced her skirt up and quickly flashed her buns and then ran off down the walkway towards the elevators in the parking garage.
We made it back to our car, dumped their baggage into the trunk and the girls got into the back and started talking... simultaneously. I have never understood how women do that. They both talk at once and apparently they can both talk and listen at the same time. Me, I have a tough enough time just doing one well.
As soon as we cleared the toll booth, Susan lay back against the door, put one leg on the rear deck and the other onto the rear of my seat and showed Julie her clit ring. Julie took her seat belt off and dropped her mouth to Susan's pussy and started licking her clit and tonguing her clit ring. Susan pulled her top down and invited Julie to check out her nipple rings as well. Jeff pulled out a small camcorder and I just tried to keep our car on the road.
We made it back to Kirkland In one piece, but I had a hard on that could have driven nails. We left the luggage in the car and piled into the living room, ripped off our clothing and started some serious fucking. Jeff lay down on the floor and Susan knelt over him, taking his cock in her pussy. I knelt behind her and drilled her ass while Julie sat on Jeff's face and made out with Susan. We lasted maybe ten minutes before making a major mess on the floor.
Julie and Susan were still making out as Jeff and I pulled out of Susan. They flipped into a 69 and did a close up examination of each other's clitoral jewelry as Jeff and I grabbed a couple of beers and sat on the couch to watch the show. They kept at it for about a half hour before they ran out of steam and juices.
"Me casa esta su casa, amigo," I said to Jeff. "And how do you say, "My wife is your wife, at least for the weekend?"
"Ditto," said Jeff as he took a long pull on his beer.
I pulled on some shorts and got their luggage from the car, then asked, "Anybody hungry?"
Jeff tilted his head and looked at me as if I had just asked the dumbest question he had heard in years. I went to the kitchen and started fixing dinner while Susan and Julie lay on the floor and whispered to each other, breaking into frequent fits of giggles. They were still lost in la la land when I said, "Food's ready. You girls want anything to fill your belly?"
Susan and Julie burst out in another giggle fit and looked at me and Susan said, "Cum! Lots of cum. I want to overdose on cum."
Julie kissed Susan quickly and got up from the floor. She offered Susan her hand and said, "Girl, I think you are going to get your wish."
We all sat down at the table and wolfed down the burgers I had fried. I asked, "So do I get to know the big plan?"
"Nope," giggled Julie. "Trust us, you will love it. And you will agree that if we let you know in advance, it would have spoiled it a bit for you."
The next week went by slowly for me. All I knew was that Susan was going to do her thing at the Johnson Lodge the next Saturday and that I should invite as many friends as I could. And that couples were more than welcome, but they were expected to be liberated couples or at least willing to loosen up for her party.
On the Saturday of the party, Susan and Julie disappeared shortly after noon and Jeff and I decided to play a round of golf. I am a lousy golfer to begin with and I was more than a little distracted. I came in at 102 after losing three balls and most of my concentration. We came back to the house, showered and ate a light dinner then headed for the Johnson Lodge about 7:30.
We got to the lodge by shortly after 8:00 and there were already over 30 cars in the parking lot. Jeff and I entered the lodge and found the room filled with chairs arrayed in front of a small stage. There was a huge TV screen in the back of the stage and several other large TVs on either side of the room. There were over 50 people, mostly men, but about a dozen women already in the room. Some were standing near the kitchen bar and some were sitting.
As we entered the room, a gorgeous blonde with very a very well endowed chest came up to me and said, "Bob, we have a special seat reserved just for you." I had no idea who this woman was, but somehow the idea of following her sounded like a good one. She lead me around the chairs to the front row where the very middle chair had a big "Reserved for Bob" sign on it. The blonde invited me to sit, then gave me a kiss on the cheek and said, "Enjoy the show."
The room lights flashed a couple of times and the chairs started to fill quickly. The lights flicked off then on and then off a few more times and then dimmed and the whole room got very quiet. A spotlight appeared on the stage, shining on a king sized mattress. Music started over what sounded like a pretty good sound system. It took a moment before I recognized it -- Ravel's Bolero.
The TV screens lit up with scenes of the California coastline. The cameras moved from the ocean to the beach and then to a collection of people on the beach. As the camera zoomed in on the people, I could see that they were all naked and fucking and sucking each other. I remembered this scene from just a couple months ago. The camera zoomed in on Susan fucking two guys and jerking off three more. I watched as she brought one guy after another to a squirting orgasm. Some she jerked off on her face or tits, and some she swallowed. There were several close up shots of her holding a dick in her hand as it squirted into her mouth.
A spotlight shined on the bedroom door of the Johnson lodge. The door opened and Susan appeared with Judi and Julie on either arm. Susan was wearing a sheer red gown that draped loosely around her body. It was completely transparent and it has slits down ether side. The front formed a deep V that dropped to beneath her belly button. The swell of her boobs was quite apparent, and I could see her nipple jewelry through the sheer fabric of her dress.
Judi and Julie were wearing similar gowns. Julie's was pure white and Judi's was pure black. As they walked across the room together, the room became dead still except for the throbbing of Bolero, the beat growing slowly in intensity.
The three women stood in front of the bed. Judi and Julie start kissing Susan's breasts. Her dress fell open as they sat her on the bed. They kissed her all over and their intensity grew as the music got faster. Susan spread her legs wide apart. Her clit was about eight feet from my seat and I could see her pussy throb as Judi and Julie kissed and licked her breasts and her belly. They started gently fingering her pussy and I could tell that Susan was only moments from her first orgasm. Judi and Julie each had a finger in her pussy as Susan exploded with a giant spray of cum that managed to hit me right in the face. I could literally taste how hot she was.
Julie moved between Susan's legs and started licking her pussy as Judi sat on Susan's face and offered her own pussy for Susan to enjoy.
As Bolero's pulsating beat neared its climax, Susan's hips started pulsating along with the music. As the cymbals clashed and the music ended, Susan erupted with another drenching orgasm. Julie moved her body out of the way so that Susan's squirt could drench me again. This time, it reached the people several rows behind me.
Julie and Judi stood up as Susan twitched in the afterglow of her orgasm. Her legs were still wide open and her pussy continued to drain her juices onto the mattress. Her friends turned to the audience and silently each walked up to a different woman in the audience. They offered their hands to the women they had chosen and pulled the woman to her feet. Judi whispered in the ear of the woman she had selected and I could see a nervous smile creep onto her face. Judi's woman looked around the room and picked out a man then whispered in Judi's ear. Hand-in-hand, Judi escorted her new friend to the man she had selected. Judi bent down to the man, gave him a full mouth kiss and then said aloud so that the entire room could hear her, "You have been chosen by this beautiful woman as a man she desires. Will you honor her choice?"
The man looked absolutely dumbfounded and a big grin crossed his face. He nodded his head up and down like a happy puppy and opened his arms to the woman who had selected him. Judi whispered into the woman's ear and the woman looked back at Judi uncertainly. Judi smiled at her and gave her a kiss on the cheek as the woman straddled the man she had chosen and sat on his lap. They started kissing, tentatively at first, and then passionately. Judi started clapping and soon the whole room joined in as the two continued their passionate embrace.
As the applause started to subside, Julie walked up to another woman and whispered in her hear. The woman nodded her head with a big smile and jumped to her feet. She pointed to another man in the audience and Julie escorted her to the man of her choice. Julie didn't get a chance to say anything before the man spread his arms and said in a loud voice, "Hell yes. I have had the hots for you for years!" The woman needed no further encouragement. She knelt in front of the man she had chosen and unbuckled his pants. She pulled his cock free and started sucking on it and the room burst into another round of applause.
Judi and Julie approached each of the other women in the room and invited them to choose a man. All but two accepted the invitation and soon there were a dozen couples making out, sucking and even fucking around the room.
Once all of the women had been recruited, Julie and Judi walked up to me and pulled me out of my chair and onto the stage. Both women undressed me and started kissing me. Susan moved off the mattress and Judi and Julie had me lay where Susan had been. Susan looked at me, then turned to the audience and said, "It's time to party, folks!" She lowered her pussy onto my cock and said to me, "Thank you, darling! I want to feel your cock explode in me."
Julie found a man she liked and pulled him onto the stage as Judi did the same. They undressed the man they had selected and started to suck him off. Julie's man got hard quickly and Julie walked him over to Susan who grabbed his cock and started to deep throat him as I watched from beneath her. Judi's man was ready soon and she offered her man to Susan as well. She now had me in her pussy and one cock in each hand, and I wasn't going to last long. I said, "Honey, I am about to cum. Where do you want me?"
"Right where you are, my love," she said as she squeezed her pussy tightly and milked my cock. My balls tightened and I shot my load deep into her cunt and then collapsed beneath her. As I softened, she rolled off me and said to the two men she was jacking and sucking, "You lie down and take over where Bob left off. And you get to fuck my ass. I want you both deep inside me. And you, my love," she continued to me, "You go recharge your batteries. There's more waiting for you."
I rolled off the mattress and crawled to my chair as Susan positioned herself to take on the two men. As soon as they were inside her, Julie delivered another cock with a man attached for her to suck on, and Judi delivered another. Then both went off to recruit other men for Susan to play with. I watched as Julie approached a man who was watching another couple fuck. She walked up to him and put an arm around his neck and her hand on his balls and she started kissing him. She dropped to her knees and unzipped him and pulled out his cock and started to suck him off. He sat down on an empty chair and tried to pull Julie into his lap to fuck her, but she said, "Susan gets you first. Once you have cum in her or on her, I'd love to fuck you."
"She's rather busy right now," the fellow said.
"Yes, I agree. Feel free to join in. She gets your first load, and then Judi and I can fuck you."
"OK, babe, if that's the way it works, I better get in line." He got up from his chair, shed his clothes and walked up on stage. As soon as Susan saw him, she grabbed his cock and started sucking on it. She rotated between the three men standing in front of her while she fucked the two other men inside her.
The fellow fucking her ass pulled out and shot his load on her back and Susan turned to the fellow who had just joined her and said, "My ass is open. You snooze, you lose!"
He quickly knelt behind her and inserted his cock and got into the swing of things, so to speak. I watched as Julie and Judi delivered one man after another to Susan. Some came on her face, some in her mouth and many in her pussy and ass, and she kept on going. She was a regular energizer bunny.
I was casually stroking my cock watching all this happen as Julie walked up to me and smiled. She straddled my lap and pulled my cock into her pussy and started to fuck me back to life. I saw Judi do the same with one of the men who had fucked Susan earlier and pretty soon, everything became a big blur. I came inside Julie and sat back to watch the show as Julie found two men to make her into a sandwich.
I was still sitting in front of Susan when Susan pulled herself off the two men she was fucking and stood in front of me. She had one hand on her left nipple and her other hand deep inside her cunt and she had a glazed look on her face. "I'm coming again," she muttered. "Drink me, my sweet." She straddled my lap and put her pussy up to my face and drenched me with cum. I drank what I could, but she kept on cuming over and over again. When she finally stopped, she bent down and licked her cum from my face and then collapsed in the chair next to me.
"All fucked out?" I asked her with a big grin.
"Just about," she smiled back.
The gorgeous blonde who ushered me to my seat appeared in front of Susan and dropped to her knees before Susan's cum covered pussy. The blonde started to lick the cum from Susan's belly and legs and then directly from her cunt. Susan just lay back and held my hand and enjoyed the attention from the blonde. And sure enough, pretty soon, Susan's hips started to move as she responded to the pussy licking she was getting. "I'm going to come again," she moaned. She pulled the blonde away from her pussy and showered her with another load of female jism. How she could manufacture as much as she did has always been a mystery to me, but she thoroughly drenched the blonde. The blonde looked up at me with Susan's juices all over her face and hair and reached for my cock. She sucked me hard and then even harder, driving my cock deep down her throat. She swallowed me whole and even licked my balls while my cock was deep in her throat.
Susan watched her deep throat me and said, "Wow, she's really good."
"Uh huh," was all I could get my mouth to say. Her blow job was pure heaven. It took awhile, but eventually I could feel another load making its way from my balls to my cock. I twitched and grunted and finally dumped a decent size load in her mouth. She kept me in her mouth until I was completely drained and soft and then stood up and bent over Susan. Susan looked up to the blonde and opened her mouth and I watched as the blonde drizzled my cum into Susan's mouth.
I saw Julie nearby and she was watching as Susan and the blonde swapped my cum. Julie quickly came to Susan and pointed to her own mouth and the two of them did another cum swap. The three of them traded my cum between themselves several times until there was nothing left, and then they all looked at me and smiled.
"That was fun. Let's find some more cocks to drain," said Julie as she and the blonde got up and went on a cum hunting safari. I lost track of them as Susan and I sat side by side holding hands and enjoying the moment together in the midst of the great orgy around us. I was gently stroking my cock and she was playing with her clit ring. Both of us were pretty blissed out when Jeff walked up looking both excited and bedraggled. He said, "This is going to get me the Academy Award of Porn. I have the best footage I have ever captured and Susan, you are going to be a real porn star... if you want to be."
Susan looked up at him and slowly continued playing with her pussy. "Does that mean I will have to quit my day job?" she asked with a wry grin.
"No, it means that you won't have to work your day job ever again. I can make you guys very rich, and all you have to do is what comes naturally."
To be continued... (maybe)