Chapter 3 - Night out at O'Clarey's and Showing Off
Introduction: This is the continued story of Gina who has reverted to her high school and college days of being quite uninhabited. If you haven't read the first few installments, you might want to catch up first. A little more about Gina, a wife of 22 years, who is in her mid 40's and blessed, she could easily pass for a mid 20 year old, weekly trips to the gym keeps her body looking younger than she is. Some of the stories I will tell are based on actual events and memories that took place throughout our years together, I hope you enjoy reading them as much as I do telling them.
Sunday morning, she stayed in bed a bit late nursing horrible hangover and headache. John brings her some coffee about 10:30 and try to get her to get up so they can head to the lake.
She asks him when she lost her dress, because she remembers walking into the house without it. He just laughs at her asking what she remembers. To which she just smiles, "I know I liked being felt up and kissed by those girls, Oh baby, you're not mad at me are you? Was I naked in the bar?"
He just laughs telling her, "It was fucking hot watching them trying to strip you and the guys all cheering them on! I now wish I had not stopped them!"
"You would have liked that baby, your sexy cougar naked in that bar full of college kids?" she giggles. "Oh damn laughing makes my head hurt!"
He just leans in and kiss her, "There is the wet t-shirt contest coming up," He walks out heading back to the kitchen leaving her to think about it.
They never made it to the lake Sunday, Gina staying in bed well after noon sleeping it off.
...
The next week John comes home a little early Tuesday to find his yard has been cut, by one of the college guys next doors. Looking around back it appears the back is already completely done, and he can still hear the mower running over next doors. He goes inside, not imagining Gina would be out back in what she usually wears to sun, but she's not inside.
He looks out the back door and she is not on the deck or side of the house where she usually lays out. Curious where she is, he steps outside onto the deck where he sees she is in the sun, on her lounge chair, between their own yard and the guy cutting the grass next doors. All she is wearing it one of her little Wicked Weasel bikini bottoms that ties on the sides, but it is untied with the strings between her thighs and no top. 'No wonder he cut our grass,' he is thinking.
John grabs her a wine cooler and heads outside as the college guy makes another pass making a minimal cut to what still needs to be cut. Seeing John, he turns and heads to the other side of his yard cutting around the bushes at the back of his yard. Gina sits up and asks, "Is that for me?" He hands her the drink.
"So how did you get him to cut our grass?"
She laughs, "I was laying over there where I usually lay out and he just started cutting it. When he started getting near me, I was laying on my tummy, he said if I'd move, he would cut the rest of it."
"Cool plan, so you just moved your lounge over here?"
She laughs again, "Oh no he moved it for me, all I had to do was walk over here!"
"Naked?"
"No silly, I had my bottoms on, sorta, just had to tie them back!" she giggles
John just shakes his head and goes back inside to change, asking "What's for dinner?"
She relies, "We can run to Zaxby's and just get takeout?"
It is a good forty-five minutes later, he hears the mowed turn off, as Gina is walking up on the deck to come inside, her towel and top in one hand, the wine cooler in the other, "I can go put some clothes on and we can go grab something if you're hungry."
He just looks at her in the tiny bikini bottoms finishing off her wine cooler as she drops the top and towel on the table, little bits of sweat beaded up on her chest and face, her hair pulled up on top of her head in a ponytail. He walks over and kiss her while groping her boob, "I bet you are the talk of the college!"
She just laughs at him, "Please, I'm old enough to be his mom!"
"Go change, you sexy cougar you!"
She yells down the hall, "We're just doing drive through right?"
Not thinking anything of it, he replies, "Yeah that sounds good."
So here she comes down the hall wearing a sheer white sarong bathing suit cover up, it overlaps up the center, but nothing holds it closed down the center and its open from the twisted at the top above her breasts, to where it goes behind her neck and is tied, the bikini bottoms is all that's under it. He watches as her heavy boobs bounce and sway under the sheer cover up. "Ok I'm Ready!"
They head out the door and he enjoys her bare ass wiggling on display under the sheer material. The yellow string on her bikini coming out the top of her butt crack and around her waist.
They head out hitting the interstate, just before the exit he offers to go to O'Clarey's down at the beach instead.
"Like this?" she asks.
He just smiles, "I'm game if you are, it's a weeknight so shouldn't be too busy."
He passes the exit for Zaxby's and just keeps driving looking over at her smiling, each time he hits a bump her boobs jiggle. John thinks to himself, 'I hope they have something special going on at the little hole in the wall place we are headed too.'
Once on the beach they head to the pub, it was just a typical Tuesday evening, several locals and a few others from the mainland having dinner and taking up space at the bar. Walking behind Gina, John watches her bare ass wiggle as she walks into the dimly lit beach bar, as their eyes quickly adjust. John suggested they just sit at the bar with a few of the locals they have chatted and partied with before.
She had their attention as soon as we walked in, her wrap open up the front, her dangly belly button jewelry showing and tiny, mostly just strings, yellow bikini bottoms showing. Even her big pink nipples were a bit visible through the sheer material, which gets her several double takes from the guys. Sliding up on two of the bar stools the wrap fell away to her sides, revealing her firm tanned legs and hips. The tiny thin G-String bikini bottoms the only thing keeping her from being bottomless.
Several of the men immediately started chatting with them, mostly to ogle Gina, John is guessing. One of the guys offered to buy them drinks and Gina accepts, othering Rum drinks for them both. They order a seafood platter to share and enjoyed the company of their friends. He was taking his time with his drink having to drive home later, Gina had hers gone in no time, John was quick to order her another.
Each time she moved, leaned or turned it would open the center of the wrap more and more which only added to his excitement of showing her off to people more their age. She seemed oblivious or did not care as her cleavage and the bottoms of her boobs were peeking in and out the opening of her wrap.
The drinks finally hit her, and she needed to use the ladies room, sliding off the stool she excused herself and headed to the back of the beach bar, several sets of eyes watching her bare ass as she walked away.
On her return, everyone again turned to watch her; she was not holding the wrap closed this time allowing it to flow behind her as she walked. John had a fresh drink waiting for her, as she went to sit, she used her hand to push the wrap aside, so she wasn't sitting on it this time allowing it to fall away behind her revealing even more bare skin including her under-boobs and cleavage.
After a few more drinks, he lost count, from John and their friends, she was getting giggly and laughing at every little joke one of the old island guys was telling. The food long gone a few hours ago, and getting late in the evening, she went to get up to go to the ladies room again.
As she was standing, he reached over, snapped the string of her bikini bottom, and winked at her. She just grinned and they all watcher her ass wiggle and jiggle under the sheer material again. A fresh drink replaced her almost finished one while she was gone.
Chatting with the guys, John didn't notice her as she slipped back into her bar stool holding her wrap over her legs until she was seated, sitting on it this time.
She grabbed his hand and placed a ball of yellow material into his palm. She was grinning like a cheesier cat as she let go of the wrap and the sides fell away, John was not sure who all noticed, but he sure did and she looked sexy as hell, now bottomless at the bar as the garment once again fell away from her legs and hips.
He leaned over and kissed her lips, whispering, "Thank you baby doll."
It didn't take long for the others to notice as she kept her knees together, facing the bar, not really showing anything but just the thought was exciting to them both.
One of her guy friends handed her a few dollar bills and told her to go feed the junk box. John just grinned knowing they just wanted her to get up so they could watch her again.
Well, it worked and as soon as she swung her legs his way, she slipped off the stool a bit un-lady like, flashing a few of them. Watching her walk away looked a lot better without the yellow string around her waist as she allowed it to flow behind her again, knowing no one could actually see her from the front. They all just watched as she leaned over making her selections of old rock and roll classics, causing the sheer material to hug her now completely bare ass.
When she turned to walk back, she made no effort to cover up, walking back to the bar with the wrap trailing behind her a bit, her smooth shaved pussy completely exposed. Sliding back up on the stool she asked the old guy, "Is that what you were hoping for?"
They all just laughed at her busting him.
He just smiled at her "Hell yeah, now I just got to figure out how to see them big titties of yours!"
Everyone laughed again, a few of the guys agreeing with him. John was feeling a lot more comfortable with this crowd of older mostly men who lived on the island that they had known for many years, so he did not care. It is not the first time he had shown her off in this place, but it had been many years ago. Several songs played and when an old Joe Cocker song came on, within a few notes John knew what it was, "You Can Leave Your Hat On,"
John was like, 'Oh yeah she planned this one!'
The guys told her she needed to go dance to this one.
She told them, "I don't have a hat!"
Three guys handed her ball caps and a ole tattered boonie hat.
She took the Atlanta Braves hat and pulled it down on her head, finished up her drink, and slid off the stool taking a few steps and turning around slowly moving her hips to the music, now facing them between the bar and the juke box.
John's heart was pounding, looking around seeing only about fourteen people left in the place, two of which were couples and even the ladies were watching her, clapping and wooing for her. John watched her start to dance swaying her ass leaning forward a bit, bending her knees squatting a little, holding her wrap in front somewhat covered up.
The guys start encouraging her to let it go and dance. She finally let loose of the wrap and ran her hands up her sides cupping her boobs briefly, and then up into her hair forcing her wrap to open up more exposing a bit more of her under boobs, her smooth pussy on display. John's heart still pounding thinking to himself, 'my wife is about to strip for all these people in a public place.'
She pulled her hair up a few more times running her hands through it. He continued to watch as he saw she was discreetly untying the knot behind her neck. John could feel his cock getting hard watching her, knowing she was about to be naked.
She turned around and bent forward shaking her ass at them as John saw her move her arms forward holding the wrap in place as the ends dropped forward over her shoulders. She turned around and opened the wrap, holding it out by the ties she just released, and then dropping her hands to her sides. Her big tits swinging free showing off her barely there tan lines. Everyone in there was cheering her on, even one of the ladies yelling for her to "toss the dress."
She let go of the left side, holding it in her right hand. John reached out to her with his hand open; she gave the wrap a toss in his direction and kept dancing and bending over.
When the song ended, she started laughing and ran over, covering her face trying to act shy or embarrassed. "Oh My God, Oh My God, I can't believe I just did that!
Give me my wrap!"
John just smiled at her, "I got it have a seat. Everyone has already seen you now."
"Are you serious? I can't sit here naked!"
He just patted the stool top, taking her hand pulling her towards the bar stool as the guys next to them agreed with John, grinning looking at her big bare chest.
She looked down the bar at the woman who had been cheering her on, "You know you could have joined me!" She was a thin attractive island lady with long blonde hair, a bit older that Gina in a white thin loose thin strap sun dress and straw hat.
She laughed, "Oh Ricky would never let me do something like that." Looking at the guy she is with.
"Are you shitting me," he laughed, "I'm not stopping you!"
"All the guys were ready to see you naked now, Come on, your turn to dance." Gina encourages her.
"Don't be scared." Ricky, the guy with her, tells her.
"Come on Tammy, Dance for Ricky!" Another yells to her.
She was steady skanking her head no. The guy she was with was trying to get her to get up off the stool after she had made excuses.
The bartender handed her a shot, "Here ya go Tammy, a lil courage!" Giving her a wink.
She took it and drank it, still shaking her head no. "Come on guys please stop."
Gina slid off her stool and went to her still naked. She leaned over and said something too her and they both laughed. Then Gina took both her hands as an AC/DC song played. They moved to the middle of the area in front of the bar as Gina held her hands dancing behind her, the white sundress swaying, as she kept shaking her head no. The drunker guys being a bit loud and impatient yelling for her to get naked.
She pulled one of her hands free and covered her face shaking her head no, still swaying to the music.
John is thinking, 'These college boys are having a bad effect on my wife and I'm loving it!'
Gina reached up with her free hand and slid one of her straps off her shoulder, sliding it to her bent elbow, revealing most of her small right boob and rose-colored small nipple. Gina can hear her guy cheering her on, "Come on baby, you can do it, show them what they can't have!"
Gina leaned in and said something to her again, she responded by dropping both arms down allowing the right side to start to drop further as Gina pushed the other strap off her left shoulder allowing the dress to drop to the floor revealing a small white lace thong and her small perky breasts.
When the song ended, Gina told her, "See, doesn't that feel awesome."
She covered up with her hands and Gina walked with her back to Ricky, grinning at his almost naked lady, leaving the dress on the floor. He hugged and kissed her telling her how sexy and brave she is to lose the dress.
Gina proudly walked back to John, her big boobs swaying. They had another round of drinks with Gina naked and Tammy left in only her tiny panties.
It was over an hour later, well after midnight when he told her, "As much as I hate too, we needed to get going, I have to work tomorrow." As they were saying their goodbyes, Tammy came down and thanked Gina for her help. They hugged and Gina told her, "Next time all the way and don't wear the dress home!"
She laughed, "We live on the island, we have to walk home!"
Gina kissed her on her cheek, "I know!"
They both laughed hugging again and Gina headed toward the door as John paid the tab and scooped up her wrap and bikini bottoms from the bar.
Outside she looked so erotic standing next to the car naked as vehicles passed not twenty feet away. They kissed for a bit as he felt her up. Finally getting into the car again not wanting to take a chance of ending up on the front page of the local paper. She masturbated for a while then leaned over into his lap sucking his cock the rest of the way home with her ass in the air, no one really noticed but it was still incredible!