I feel I should admit these entries are a true story. Thank you to all who have given feedback, and to those who unsure, just wait. I'm not finished yet! Just because it's terminal doesn't mean I'm over:)
*****************
"Can you fall in love with a voice?" The ceiling wasn't sure how to answer her, trying to find an appropriate response to her heartfelt question. "It's okay, you don't have to answer. I was just wondering, because I think I have fallen in love with him. I mean, his voice. I don't know." Her heart twisted in her chest just thinking about her wonderful little secret. Rising from her bed, she looked over herself again, suddenly feeling a small surge of self-confidence. In fact, she decided, she was going to wear the only dress in her closet which accentuated her soft mounds and created slightly more cleavage. She wasn't going to have very many conversations with the ceiling today.
Brushing past her flat mate in a whirl of newfound purpose, she reached for something to nibble on. Suspicious of the glow she was emanating he cleared his throat. "What is it," she asked, turning around, "is there a spot on my dress? I thought I got that other one out..."
He gave her a face, his cheek scrunching and his eyebrow shooting up, half in shock and the other half in skepticism.
"You know exactly what it is, missy.
Laura, you've been very...very despondent lately and now out of nowhere you're smiling and wearing a dress you haven't worn in months since you, since you found out..." His voice trailed off, afraid to shift his friend's mood. However, her face didn't change as he had explained his thoughts.
It wasn't that she wasn't listening, she always tried to listen to him, but one voice was dominating her already crowded head. Jasper... " I dunno Kane but for some reason I, I guess I have high hopes for the doctor's appointment today." It obviously wasn't the response he was hoping for, but it would have to do. For now. Laura was always and had always been in her own little world ever since he first met her that day in grade school.
It was a funny meeting, all things considered. It was the first day of school ever, and she was sitting next to him on the floor, studying all their new peers with an interesting focus. When her eyes finally fell upon him, her initial reaction was not at all what he had expected, rather, it was what he really needed. "Why do you have a rainbow band-aid on your knee?" It took him a few moments to answer, as Kade is not one to rush in on a whim. "Well, I was riding my bike and I fell." Apparently this wasn't a good enough answer. "Yes, but why did you fall off? Did a rhino ram into you with his huge horn? Did a porcupine shoot poisonous purple quills at your tires? Did an alien land in front of you causing you to swerve and lose balance?"
His face scrunched up, then relaxed into a grin when he realised she was serious. "No, it was just a rock." Her eyes looked away an instant before returning to meet his funny gaze. "Oh. Well, how big was this rock?" Kade had tried to remember just how big that rock was, but the closest he could come to was a pinkie-knuckle length. After that conversation the two had never been separated ever again.
"Kade? Hellooo, anybody home?" Laura was gently shaking his shoulders as he resurfaced from his flashback.
"Oh yeah I'm good hey umm I'm just gonna I need to I gotta go see ya!" He grabbed his things and left for the day in a cloud of oddness.
Uh oh, I might be rubbing off on him. She smiled again before preparing for work. But first, food! The journey to her favourite eating spot was a long and treacherous one from the Peaks of Kitchenia on the Path of Dirty Cloths to her final destination, the Ocean of So-faa. After eating and washing it all down with water, she retreated to her sliver of paradise she had named the Magic Main.
The studio was most likely the most cared for room in the entire house, the walls painted in various designs and colours schemes that echoed the theme of beauty in the chaos, a theme that lately Laura had been growing more accustomed to. She opened three cases and brushed off both seats. The piano bench was her gateway to the only real escape she had found from her cancer. It could bring life to any deadened part of her soul, could fill her with an unspoken sense of joy when there was no way she could have any. Today, however, that bench would help her in trying to understand Jasper and his place in her heart. She warmed up the keys lovingly before shifting her attention to her other babies. Her trumpet was calling out to her, as was her cello. She'd only been playing the cello for about 5 years, but the piano and trumpet...those really were her children. They had gotten her through so many hard times, including her current circumstances.
She was, in fact, so intimate with her instruments that many a time she could be found rehearsing with her pale body glowing, proudly being showcased to the surrounding room. Only once had Kane accidentally interrupted her therapy, and it wasn't until weeks after he could get over his erection caused by seeing his best friend completely bare and looking absolutely gorgeous. Being Laura, she hadn't noticed the quite obvious bulge in his pants or his blushing cheeks, far too interested in her life's work.
Finally, minutes before her appointment, she had found the perfect melodic line for her Jasper. Pulling a sweater and pants on she walked out to her car in good hopes for some inspiring news. The day had just begun, yet after the appointment she found herself wishing it had never started.