This is not really a story, it is more of a report. All information is as accurate as I remember it. No personal information will be provided.
***
Me and my girlfriend took a trip to the south of France in the summer of 2017, and I decided to include a visit to the Cartier Naturist of Cap d'Agde to our route, because I had read (and seen a lot of videos) about it.
We were staying about 80 km away (50 mi), and due to the heavy traffic it took us almost 2 hours to get there, so we only arrived at the entrance office around 13:00. Parking outside was easy, and getting the day ticket was quick.
After getting back in the car, and entering the village, we started to look for a place to park, which wasn't easy. Unknowingly we were almost leaving the village, just because we couldn't find any parking place, but then I did a slightly irregular U-turn, and managed to find a spot in a park near the entrance.
That small "trip" around the village gave us our first impression: about half the people we saw walking around were using "normal" clothes (shorts and t-shirts, or beach dresses), about a third would be using "beachwear" (bikinis, trunks, etc.) and only a few would be completely naked. (Keep in mind it was around 13h00, so there weren't many people walking around in the hot sun).
Instead of going directly to the beach we decided to go through the Port Ambonne building, to checkout the stores and restaurants on the ground floor. There I would say most people were nude, or dressed in a sexy way (lingerie, transparent sundress, etc). It was quite interesting to see people walking around in the nude, doing their shopping or just browsing the shops. Most of the shops were selling sexy lingerie, maybe with a focus on faux leather/wet look models. The lingerie was probably overpriced, but you could get things form 10e upwards, it all depends on what you want.
Leaving the building we actually got a bit lost, and just wandered in the harbor before finding our way to the beach. On the way we walked by a few bars/restaurants with outside tables, and there I'd say most people were fully nude.
When we finally got to the beach, there was no doubt what kind of beach it was: everybody was nude. You might see just a few people wearing clothes, but they would be leaving or arriving. Because of what I had read, I knew we should walk a bit to the left (when looking at the sea) to get to the "bay of pigs", where the "action" really happens.
So we walked, and walked, and walked (it seemed forever) until we went past the last beach bar (a wood building with a lot of sun loungers at the front). The reason I knew we had arrived at the "action" part of beach was because the beach after that last bar was MUCH more crowded that the beach before it. On the "regular" beach you could easily find a spot to lay down your towel, but there, on the "action" beach, it was almost impossible. So we had to walk still a little bit further, until we found a small opening were we could setup our stuff.
And only then did we notice that we had left our sunshade in the car. So I had to walk all the way back to the car, and then back to the far side of the beach. When I finally settled down on the beach I started to look around, sensing the "atmosphere". It was pretty varied, from young couples to couples past their 60's, with a few single men, and even a group of a few gay men, everybody just enjoying the sun and the sea. I'd say that around 90% of the people (men and women) were completely shaved, and I did see at least one butt plug. Occasionally I'd spot some hand rubbing sunscreen a little too enthusiastically on their partner's intimate region, but everybody was more or less behaving like in any other beach.
Around 14:30, I was looking straight at the sea and I noticed a woman who was lying in a large sunshade with two men. She got up, walked to the middle of the two men, sat down, and started talking with them. After a few laughs she started stroking the younger of the two guys, and it didn't took long until she started blowing him.
Immediately some people started to gather around them, and another woman, who I hadn't seen previously, also sat down near that couple. After a quick talk, she too started blowing that guy. I can't say it was a menage à trois because it looked like the other (older) guy went behind the first girl and took her doggy style (so it was actually a foursome). At least that was what it looked like to me, but by this time there were so many people around them that I couldn't clearly see anything.
Most of the people around them were single men (a lot of them wanking off), but there were a few couples too. After maybe 10 minutes, there was some applause from the audience, and the group dispersed. The first woman and the two men went to the sea to clean themselves and I didn't see the other woman again.
After that first "show" I guess everybody started to feel more "at ease", and you could clearly see handjobs and blowjobs anywhere you looked. Many couples would come to this part of the beach, put down their towel, play for a while, and then leave. One such pair put their towel just next to ours, maybe 10cm away (4 inches), played with each other for a while, then the woman laid down, her belly on the towel, and her partner got on top of her. He fucked her from behind, right there, inches from my towel.
Of course this attracted a few single men, but the couple didn't care. It was actually funny looking at those single men, going from one place to the next, following the "action" going on everywhere on the beach (and even on the sea). A small gathering would form in one place, last a few minutes, then the group would split and reassemble somewhere else.
Around 18:00 the number of people on the beach had clearly started to decrease, but there was still plenty of action around. In fact that first girl again went to the younger guy and started blowing him. The difference this time was the fact he was standing up, and she was on her knees in front of him. After a while, he went to his bag, got a condom, and placed himself behind her. He fucked her doggy style for a while, and I believe he even butt-fucked her, because of the scream and face she made when he repositioned himself. He then proceed to take out the condom and have her blow him again, before he came on top of her ass.
All this while the other (older) guy was just watching. What I found really "interesting" is that after this second fuck, the girl and the older guy left towards the village, while the younger guy stayed a bit longer on the beach, before going straight to the dunes (probably heading for the camping site). I guess the older guy just enjoyed watching is partner getting a couple of good fucks from the younger guy.
On our way back to the village I did notice another "fun" scene: A group of 3 or 4 couples sitting in a small circle, near the sea. One of the girls would blow her partner, then get back on the conversation, the again blow him,... just like if it was the most natural thing in the world to do in that situation.
When we left the beach there was a large cue at the showers, with a lot of people washing the salt off, so we just went back to our car, again walking through the Port Ambonne building. The crowd there was now somewhat more "dressed", but in a very sexy way, with a lot of transparencies, or with some "non-covering" clothes. Just as an example, I did see a woman in over the knee boots and a very mini-skirt (or maybe it was just a belt) that totally exposed her pussy. The night seemed to promise a lot of fun, but we had to leave.
Was it worth going to Cap D'Agde? Definitively yes, and we will someday go back, for a longer stay. It's probably not for everyone, but if you have an open mind, and enjoy sex, go for it!