Should I Marry The Polyamorous Girl?
Chapter 2 -- A Semblance of Normalcy

I spent Christmas with the family, and fortunately my choices of gifts for the kids and siblings didn't turn out too badly. I had gotten my Mom a necklace made of turquoise and silver from a Navaho artist's website, and fortunately it arrived in time for the holiday. I felt bad that I hadn't gotten anything for Tethys, but she had refused to talk about it. She was no more "Christmasy" in her personal life than I was. She wouldn't have worn jewelry, not often at least, had I gotten it for her since, well, she rarely wore jewelry. Most of the time, she didn't wear anything at all. I got used to that habit of hers quickly, and didn't mind at all sharing it when we were together.
By the beginning of 2018, we were seeing each other three times a week, as often as she was with Carl. On Fridays we would go out on a "real" date: movie, dancing, dinner, karaoke, or even a drive under the stars if the weather was nice. Sundays and Tuesdays we would usually hang out at my house, and more often than not the entire time would be spent eating, watching porn, making porn, and fucking every which way. She was not lying when she said she was insatiable. She never got sore, never stopped lubricating, after an exhausting hour-long session, she'd be ready to go again after a nap and a meal. If there's anything that woman loved as much as sex, it was eating. And she could put it down! Where it all went, I couldn't figure out. She stayed lean and muscular. If anything, the muscles were still growing. Her weight training was showing increased results.
Monday and Wednesday evenings, and Saturday all day, she spent with Carl. Those were her workout days, and I know she worked hard. She played hard too. Carl was happy to indulge her in making workout porn videos, which she sent me every session. And I learned she was right that Carl had an unusual cock. He was unusual in every way. A true bodybuilder, he was a hairless mountain of lean muscle, and Tethys looked tiny next to him. But she wore him out, too. They'd usually fuck before the training session as part of their warmup. Then about midway through the session. Then multiple times when it was over. Carl liked to take images of his cum dripping out of Tethys' pussy as she went down under the loaded bar doing squats. I admit it was erotic.
We sent our porn videos to Carl as well, so Carl and I knew exactly what the other looked like naked long before we ever met. We had never seen each other with clothes on. Once we did meet, sometime in March, it was like we'd known one another forever. Carl was the taciturn type, he rarely had much to say, and Tethys often had to pull sentences out of him. But he was friendly, and invited me to join the workouts. I declined, as I'm still a runner kind of guy rather than a weights kind of guy. But I couldn't argue with what the training was doing to Tethys. She was filling out, and gaining weight without gaining fat. She was strong and looked fantastic, and if she was insatiable before, the extra strength and endurance seemed to be making her more so. She was a sexual fucking amazon.
Of course, her highest priority once we met was for us to be involved in a threesome with her. I was a little reluctant at first, instinctively I felt that it was putting me in competition with Carl's incomparable physique. Carl wasn't hesitant in the least. I relented eventually, and as it turned out it was more fun than I could have imagined. I enjoyed watching Tethys fuck Carl, or vice-versa. His cock was quite different from mine -- a little shorter, but thicker and cylindrical, straight, and angled steeply upwards, it never seemed completely flaccid. His uncut foreskin wanted to stay in place until Tethys pulled it downwards herself and tucked it under his expanded glans. His balls were tight and hardly hung down at all, as if his scrotum was shrink-wrapped around them. Obviously, Tethys enjoyed every bit of it. She called it her "rocket cock." I was beginning to understand why it was so important to her to have two men in her life. She enjoyed us both in different ways, and for each of us it was in the way that amplified our own pleasure. Carl's style was more physically aggressive than mine, and Tethys was more submissive with him. Yet at the same time she challenged him. His favorite activity was to be standing up, supporting her butt or quads with his hands, her arms wrapped around his neck, while she impaled herself on his upward pointing cock. He could hold her there indefinitely, walking around the room, even grabbing a drink or a bite to eat, with no fatigue at all. The motion of his walking swayed her up and down and gave them both abundant stimulation. I could possibly hold that position for a few minutes, but Carl could do it all day if he wanted.
Tethys felt extra aroused with both of us there, and the way her pussy clamped on my cock as I fucked her doggy style on the bench had me in a near-painful state of bliss. I was standing behind her, she was on her hands and knees on the narrow weight bench, and Carl was on the other end with her mouth enveloping his cock. He was looking pretty blissful too. The sights, the sounds, and the smells were soon more than I could take, and I arched my back and exploded into that ultra-tight muscular pussy. As soon as I had enough wits about me to pull out and stand back, Carl ordered "switch." I went around and Tethys began licking and sucking the cum residue off my still-sensitive cock, while Carl barreled right into that soaked and flowing cunt. Tethys whined and whimpered as she tried to keep control of her sucking and licking, and Carl gasped and moaned as he fucked her deep, slow out and hard in. Finally he came with a bellowing roar, Tethys moaned and laughed at the same time, and I, somehow, from some unknowable source, released another load of cum into her mouth. It was a truly extraordinary event.
"I'll take those sloppy seconds," Carl said once his breathing calmed down. "Look at those big gobs of cum! Tethys, wanna do some squats?"
"Not this time, big guy!" Tethys licked her lips and smiled at me. "I just serviced two horny men. Now I need somebody to service me!"
This put both Carl and me in a quandary. Neither one of us are big fans of other men's cum. I don't mind licking my own cum out of a woman's pussy, but I didn't feel eager to have to taste Carl's. He was obviously feeling similarly.
"Wimps," sighed Tethys with a look of mild disgust. She put two fingers into her pussy and pulled out a dripping puddle. "Both of you guys are delicious, and mixed, it's even better. You don't know what you're missing." She put her fingers in her mouth and slurped. "If you want to fuck me again, you have to eat me. C'mon, it doesn't mean you're gay. You're not sucking each other's cocks. You're just pleasing your insatiable demanding woman."
Carl knelt between her legs and leaned in. He began licking around the outside of her labia, flicking her clit with his tongue, before he gathered his courage and stuck his tongue inside her. Tethys yelped with joy, and shook with another orgasm.
"Hey, I like feeling that extra cum bathing my cock when I fuck her," he said to me. "While I'm fucking, I'm pushing it all out, and then when I cum, it flushes out what's left. So that's really all my cum in there. At least it tastes like me."
"You two don't taste all that different," Tethys countered. "You're both good and tasty, and I doubt either one of you could tell which is who. Taylor, are you man enough to eat your woman's cunt?"
I couldn't argue any more, so I assumed my position. First I took a good long look at that sticky, slippery smeared pussy. Even after Tethys had pulled out a big glob, and after Carl had lapped around it, there was still white creamy ooze slowly collecting at the base of her vaginal opening. It wasn't strange to look at, I'd seen it on creampie porn videos hundreds of times. But up close, in 3-D, with the musky odor of mixed male and female passion, it was a completely different experience. And it was beautiful. I realized how marvelous, mysterious, enticing, and desirable a woman's cunt is when it's filled with a man's seed, whether my own or someone else's. I could completely understand the temptation to plunge my cock into that well, bathe in it, and churn it around with my own swollen meat. And if it's worth fucking, it's worth licking. It's an offering to Our Lady of Love and Lust.
I set to licking, nibbling, and sucking with enthusiasm that I hadn't expected. Tethys was right, all of these fluids mixed together tasted delightful. I knew the taste of my own semen, I knew the taste of my cum mixed with that of Tethys, and now was my chance to evaluate the taste of all three of us together. Tethys was right again. I couldn't really tell which taste was Carl's and which was mine. As long as it was coming out of Tethys, it was superb. A barrier had broken, and I felt our relationship was more intimate than ever. My feelings for Tethys grew stronger, and for the first time genuinely felt that Carl was a friend.
It was April before I felt secure enough with Tethys to introduce her to my family. She'd also had to feel secure with me. By then I was no longer worried, I love my family, and our relationship is very different than that of Tethys and her parents. They're kind and accepting people, even if they are far more conservative and conventional than myself. I was always "the black sheep," but they love me anyway. My oldest sibling is my sister Jenny, and she welcomed Tethys with open arms. I was convinced she was expecting us to announce a summer wedding.
"Tethys, you are so beautiful! And I love your name, by the way. You carry yourself with such grace and elegance, you really do remind me of a Greek goddess!"
She lowered her voice, as if that would somehow keep me from hearing the rest. I don't know why women do that. "Taylor is such a great guy. He's good looking, he has a wonderful personality, a great character. I know he's my brother, but it's true anyway. I always worried why he so rarely dated. I had just hoped it was because he was picky, and he was waiting for a woman who was good enough to deserve him. I see I was right. He's made such a good choice in you!"
Tethys was as gracious as Jenny assumed she would be, and smiled sweetly. "I was lucky when I met him," she agreed. "I can't imagine any woman not jumping at the chance to be his girlfriend."
My sister didn't have to sound so motherly, as my mother was standing right there, fully willing to add further to my embarrassment. "I know you two are good for each other. I can tell by the looks on your faces, and the way you behave around each other. It's so romantic it makes me shiver! Taylor, don't you ever let her go!"
"I don't intend to, Mom," I answered. How could I tell them that "Letting her go" was something I had already agreed to do multiple times a week?
Tethys remained as insatiable as ever, but I had discovered to my surprise that she wasn't wearing me out after all. It was more than simply having four days a week to recover. I was adapting to her, and my own sexual capacity was increasing in a way that was allowing me to keep up. I could fuck longer before ejaculating now, and I was usually good for at least two loads of semen per night, sometimes three on exceptional occasions. I often had another one ready to go in the morning as well. Tethys made her appreciation known. I enjoyed our dates, I relished our sex, I felt like she understood me, and on some level, I even seemed to understand her.
As unlikely as it might seem for a woman with split affections, I felt a real loyalty coming from Tethys. While she freely shared details of our sexual adventures with Carl, and shared Carl's with me, I noticed that she was very careful about revealing anything deeply emotional, any vulnerabilities. My secret desires, fears, dreams, and ambitions remained protected. She gave Carl the same respect. She never said anything critical of him in my presence. If they ever disagreed or fought, I had no idea. With my family and friends, she carefully cultivated the impression that I was her one and only, and even when she criticized me, she did so only when we were alone, and only in the gentlest, and most helpful way imaginable. For a powerful, demanding sexual Amazon, she was indeed the gentlest of souls when it came to handling my emotions. If others were in earshot, they never heard anything about me but compliments and expressions of affection. When we were alone, the expressions of affection were just as reliable, the compliments just as sincere, and the criticisms muted and always couched in terms of 'helpful suggestions.' Whenever we were together, or even just talking on the phone, she made it a point to bring out some aspect of my body, my skills, my sexuality, or my character that she appreciated and valued. How could I not return the same feelings?
One would think that someone so deeply immersed in such a passionate and emotional obsession, such intense sexual desire, would be at the very least high strung, or on edge. Tethys wasn't. She was one of the mellowest people I had ever met, and almost embarrassingly easy to get along with. We never fought, I never felt like she was trying to run my life, and she had no reason to accuse me of trying to run hers. When she wasn't thinking about sex, or enjoying the company of one of her men, she was thinking about her art, and that kept her busy and happy the rest of the time. She was a fundamentally happy person, and I was fully enjoying the relationship, even if it was technically part-time.
I felt myself falling more completely for her. When she was with Carl, I didn't feel jealousy, but I did miss her. I still wished she was with me. It was early summer when the words spilled out, "I love you." I immediately recoiled in fright. Had I just driven a wedge into our relationship? The word "Love" was fraught with expectation, with obligation, and perhaps, in these complex dynamics, with implied threat. But it was true. I couldn't take it back.
"I love you too, Taylor," she returned with a smile and a snuggle. "I really do. It's no contradiction, it's nothing to be afraid of. We can love more than one person at a time. We do it with family, and nobody thinks twice. We can do it sexually and romantically as well. We're told we're not supposed to, but that's a social myth. It's just not true. I love Carl, and I love you at least as much. I want to keep you in my life, I want to be with you, and I want to see you happy. I love that you make my life happier. I'm glad that you love me, and I'm glad that you said it. I'm going to do whatever is in my power to make sure you never regret having said it."
As the weather had warmed, Tethys had been spending more time outdoors, and it showed. Her skin had darkened to a deep walnut brown, and of course she showed that color everywhere, with no pale patches or tan lines. On Saturdays she and Carl spent their afternoons at Hippie Hollow, a legal nudist park on Lake Travis. I even visited the place with her myself a few times on our Sundays, but I couldn't endure more than a couple of hours naked in the sun. My skin just didn't have the tanning capacity. One all-over sunburn reminded me of that deficiency. On Tethys, it looked beautiful, primeval, and extremely sexy. On me it looked red and peeling. Carl took the sun well too, he developed a reddish coppery coloration, looking almost like the stereotypical Native American of legend.
Tethys had her own pet name for Carl, and it was only partly derived from his all over skin tone. She called him her "Denisovan," the Neanderthal cousin, due to his angular facial features, square jaw, rather prominent eyebrow ridges, and small ears, combined with his overall ruggedly large and muscular frame, his unusually built cock, and his "barbaric" way of fucking her, which of course thrilled her. She didn't have such a name for me overall, which maybe I did feel a twinge of jealousy about. But she did have a name for my cock. She remained fascinated by the way it spread out sideways as it engorged, and how the top surface became so broad and flat. It became her "flight deck," and she used to make funny swooshing noises while pretending her fingers or tongue running over the top of it were airplanes on their landing approach. Had anyone else made the comparison I might have been hurt or offended, but Tethys meant it with genuine affection and desire. I never had to question the fact that she loved my cock, and everything about it. She made it feel not deformed or deficient, but special in the most intimate and valuable way.
As time went on, our unusual relationship took on a semblance of normalcy. I saw Tethys three times a week, Carl saw her three times a week. We went to dinner, we saw movies, we went dancing, we visited karaoke bars... I sang, she refused to make the attempt. I thought it was a little odd for someone with such an exhibitionist streak when it came to nudity and sex to be so reticent about singing on a stage. She dismissed my observation. "I'm good at being naked, and I'm good at sex," she argued. "I don't mind showing off what I'm good at. I show off my art too. But I suck at singing. I'm not going to impose it on other people, not even you."
During the course of the summer, I was even able to drag her away from Carl on a couple of weekends to take longer trips. Once we went to South Padre Island, where we enjoyed some party time in one of the local resorts. Even more, though, she enjoyed driving north on the beach as far as we could, until the crowds were thin, and dragging our naked bodies into the dunes behind the beach. Once her pussy was full of some much appreciated semen, we trudged, still naked, back over the dunes across the beach and into the water where we basked and splashed in the warm surf until I couldn't endure the sun any more. I got dressed and sat under a beach umbrella while my pretty little walnut continued to play naked in the sun and the sand and the surf. It wasn't strictly legal, but only a few people saw us, and none of them complained. She even stood and carried on a cheerfully casual conversation with another couple who had strolled by, displaying herself shamelessly while they chatted about, what else, the joys of public sex. I'll never know if they became converts, but it was obvious they enjoyed the encounter. Not as much as Tethys did.
The other place was more to my liking, a backpacking trip into the rugged mountains and canyons of Big Bend National Park. Once away from the main visitor locations, we felt as though we had miles of desert to ourselves, and she wore nothing but hiking boots and a hat the entire time. Even after a couple of days without showers, full of demanding trail stomping, she insisted on fucking me in the wilderness. She sucked my cock with just as much gusto as ever, was just as demanding for me to lick her pussy, and rode atop of me with uninhibited orgasmic cries. With my cum dripping out of her pussy, she was happy to hit the trail once more, and with the crusty streaks on her thighs and pudenda kept somewhat moist by our constant sweating, she was more than ready for another pungent fuck.
With all that, we still made excellent progress, and ended with about twenty five miles of wild Chisos back country to our credit. We stank, we were sore, and we were exultant. A long hot shower and a hot meal and a hot clean fuck in the middle of the hot desert summer brought the expedition to a triumphant conclusion. And Carl got his stolen time back eventually.
We developed some pleasant traditions over time. Because she stayed with me on Friday nights and then drove directly to Carl's house for her Saturday encounter, she expected me to leave a memento for her to carry along -- a generous load of my cum inside her pussy.
"I wish I could have both of you at the same time more often," she lamented. "Our threesomes are beautifully obscene, and you've seen how much Carl loves his sloppy seconds. When I get to his house, he likes it when he can sense a little bit of you still inside me. It makes him feel like the alpha male when he fucks it out of me with his cock and then replaces it with his own cum. I have the most amazing orgasms when he does that!"
We made it a point to have a final fuck immediately before she walked out the door to head his way, and the bigger my load was then, the better she liked it.
"I think I know how to keep your cum from leaking out of me while I drive across town," she said one day. "I'm going to need to practice a lot, but it's pretty much the same as using my cunt muscles the same way as how I squeeze your cock when you're inside me. If my pussy is empty, then it should keep the passage shut, and your cum will stay inside. I'll have to strengthen those muscles a lot and learn better control. Maybe when I'm a real expert I'll be able to pinch your dick right off with them while you're inside me!"
"That's a cheerful thought," I shook my head. "Why don't we just get you some spray foam gap filler from the hardware store and you'll be leak proof."
"Because then I'd have to stand on my head for an hour waiting for the seal to cure," she laughed. "Nice idea, though."
She did practice, and to my surprise she got good at it. After a few months concentrated effort she could keep my cum from leaking out of her indefinitely, and she reported that Carl was highly satisfied with the results.
"It's not exactly fresh when I get there, and it doesn't have that thick goopy consistency. It's pretty thin and runny. But it still works. It still has its full lubricating properties, and actually, I think the stronger odor turns him on even more."
"To each their own," I smiled. "I don't mind the fresh you."
Our relationship was as stable as that of any long-term dating couple. It was predictable, it was free of drama and complex dynamics, which was better than I could have imagined considering the extra person involved. Carl deserved a lot of the credit for that. Tethys and I had our relationship, Tethys and him had theirs. The overlap was well defined and not controversial, we didn't compete with each other for extra attention from Tethys, he stayed in his lane and I stayed in mine, and Tethys enjoyed a low stress and plenty adventurous life bouncing between the two of us. We were all calm and stable by nature, for three sex maniacs, we were pretty mellow folk. When Carl and I did encounter one another, we were friendly, and I genuinely liked him. I appreciated how well he treated Tethys. He was respectful and affectionate, and they obviously enjoyed each other's company. Real threesomes between us were rare, but when they happened, they were rewarding.
I had no complaints. My sex life was good, I had a fun companion, if not full time at least regular and often, my family loved her, without knowing the specifics of our arrangements, and things were surprisingly simple, straightforward, and overwhelming positive. Our relationship was anything but normal, if the spectrum of human social traits can be plotted on a bell curve, we were outliers, about as far from the center hump as anyone can get. The odds of people like us meeting at random were extremely small, and for three of us to encounter one another seemed almost impossible. I felt beyond lucky to be in the situation I was. I could have gone on like this for a long time.
--To be continued.