Chapter 02: Alone in the Park
"Don't try to fight, any resistance is futile."
Anna remembers his voice. The perfect stranger whispering in the darkness, his ragged breathing, his hand slowly moving down, his fingers teasing her pussy, his hard dick filling her...
"Anna...Anna! Are you ok?"
"Yeah..just tired, the contractor sent again the wrong calculation for additional materials, they're killing me."
Anna still feels a little pulsation between her legs, she looks away, she doesn't like to lie and doesn't do it well and now she is trying to hide her bashful glance from her colleague.
Nobody should know what happened. And nobody should know I liked it.
It had been a month since Anna had met the stranger in her room. She couldn't stop going over that night in her head. The day after it happened, she was shocked, confused, ashamed. She bought the curtains and never opened them.
What if he is watching?
She was waiting, with fear but the stranger didn't come. Every day was the same: wake up, drink a cup of coffee, go to work, come back late in the evening, take a shower, eat dinner, listen to some music and fall asleep. Alone. Night after night, her loneliness became bigger, louder. She couldn't stop thinking about the guy who broke into her quiet world, without knocking, and took her like an animal. She didn't want to repeat it.
Or...did she?
Tonight Anna was lying in her big, cold bed, sleepless. The silence depressed her. She looked at the window - the new curtains were closed, as always.
I am not going to do this.
But she couldn't take her eyes off the window. Her breath became quick and fast, her heart started beating like crazy. She rose quickly from her bed and ran to the window. After a couple of minutes of irresolution, with a sudden movement, she opened the curtains.
What if he is watching?
****
The noise of the crowd dissolved in the gentle music, women's laughter echoed through the room, ice cubes beating against each other in the glass, swig of whisky, genial warmth spread through his body.
John, pensive and silent, is sitting in the bar with his friends. Usually, he prefers being at home; lying on the couch, watching some tv shows after work. But during the last month, he wanted some company around. It protected him from obsessive thoughts about her. Pictures of her perfect body arose before his eyes every day and night: her warm toned body, hard nipples, round hips, her vibrant lips, full of passion. He tried, without any success, to forget about that crazy night.
"Hey John, did you fall asleep?"
"Yep, that's because you are talking one hour already, I think I need more whisky if I want to survive here with you."
"Oh, shut up." They laughed.
Yes, friends make him calm, make him normal, make him Mr. Niceguy.
He came home late, took off his shoes and reeled to the couch. He wasn't drunk, he was more tired, his legs didn't obey. He cast an eye out of the window.
Her curtains are open!
He slowly stood up from the couch and went closer to the window. After that night, he looked there every day but her curtains were always closed. He was regretting that night. He had spoiled everything, he had scared Anna and she was hiding from him. But now...
John saw her standing at the window. She was looking around like she was searching for something. Or someone. She put her hands on her neck, fingers disappeared in her dark hair. She opened her mouth and licked her upper lip.
What is she doing?
John's heart was pounding with mad speed. He couldn't understand if he was awake or just dreaming.
Anna's hands began making circles on her breasts and after a few seconds she slowly took off her t-shirt. John saw her big, round breasts. She squeezed them, her fingers playing with her nipples. Anna turned around and her hands moved to her panties. Her fingers grabbed the black silk, hips barely swinging from right to left and the panties fell down. She bent over and palmed her perfectly-shaped ass - first with one hand, then with the other.
John's legs were shaking. He sat on the chair in front of the window. He couldn't breathe, his dick was hard. He pulled down his jeans and took his dick in his hand.
He remembered that night when he fucked her, fucked her hard, made her scream with pleasure, she begged for more, her spread legs calling him... He remembered her breasts...how they felt in his hands. He remembered her tongue, caressing his dick. And now he was looking at her and stroking.
Anna slapped her ass as if she was punishing herself. Another slap! Then, she grabbed her ass with two hands and started squeezing it like the chef kneading the dough. She slowly turned around and flattened herself against a window. Her nipples were so hard that they almost cut the glass. John's hand started moving faster.
Anna moved her hand to her pussy.
She is wet, I know it. She is so fucking wet.
Her fingers were playing with her clitoris, her lush breasts were rubbing the glass, and a small part of the window fogged because of her hard breathing. Her fingers went inside, she closed her eyes, smiled with pleasure and licked the glass like a slut.
John felt dizzy when he saw Anna fucking herself. She was moving faster and faster the same with John's hand. The next minute they both came.
****
Anna was waiting for him. She hoped that the stranger saw her and he would come but nobody did.
Next day, she did her usual ritual: wake up, drink a cup of coffee, go to work, come back late in the evening, take a shower, eat dinner, listen to some music and wait for him.
At work, she was distracted, upset. Colleagues were asking her what happened but her answer was always - "just tired". She was desperate, she wanted her stranger so madly, she wanted his strength, his urgency, she wanted to feel his dick inside her. On the streets, she looked around, trying to find him, hoping to see his face. She opened her curtains and never locked the door; every night before sleep, she pictured how he would come to her room, take her and whisper in her ear, "I want to fuck you". But nobody came.
****
She called me. I know she called me!
John was excited, thrilled! He couldn't believe that she did it and, despite being so tired, he couldn't fall asleep.
In the morning, he woke up early, after barely even sleeping, and made coffee. Three hours before the flight. He liked business trips: less work, more entertainment, free drinks and food, new places. Those trips were like fresh air for John. Except this time, because all what he wanted now was Anna.
One week, far from her. One week, in a fever. He raised a sigh and took a sip.
Why are they sending me there now? The worst time for any trip.
He entered the room, grabbed his bag and took a look out the window.
Wait for me.
He opened the door and left.
****
One week later, a taxi brought John from the airport to home. Finally the trip was over and John could take a rest. He went inside and threw his bag on the floor. He ran to the window with one wish - to see Anna. But the light in her room was off; she wasn't at home. He took a quick shower, heated up dinner in the microwave and turned on the tv. After an hour, nothing had changed. Anna's room was still empty and dark. This waiting was killing John, so he decided to go for a night walk to clear his mind, like he always did.
It was a hot summer night and the streets were full of people. John turned around and went to the park, away from the noisy crowd.
The park was big and leafy, during the day. During the night, there were no lights, that's why it was pretty quiet. Best place to be alone for a while, to think about everything, to relax and enjoy the silence.
John followed a winding path and saw someone walking ahead of him. He came closer to take a better look. It was Anna! He couldn't believe his eyes! The moon lit her pretty face, she was in a short, black sundress with the buttons at the front. She was walking alone, looking at the moon. She was so perfect. John ran to her from behind, grabbed her and clamped his hand over her mouth.
****
Anna couldn't sleep and went for a walk. She tried to forget the stranger, she didn't believe that he would come back.
There were too many people around, so she went to a local park. She liked to walk there during the day but she had never been there during the night before. She stopped for a minute to look at the full moon. Suddenly, she felt the hand on her mouth.
Anna was shocked, she tried to escape but the man was stronger, much stronger, than her. She wanted to bite him but she couldn't move her mouth. Anna could hear only a whispering voice: "Don't try to fight, any resistance is futile."
She recognized the voice and froze. It was him, her perfect stranger. Her back was against the tree. At first, he wanted to unbutton her dress but he wanted her so bad that he tore it with one decisive move. Buttons fell on the ground and her breasts were free.
Free for him to squeeze with his hands. He squeezed them hard, he had waited to feel them for so long.
They were looking at each other, face to face. Anna put her hand on his pants, unzipped them and pulled out his hard dick. While his dick was in her hands, he came closer to her face, just inches away. Almost silently, he whispered in her ear:
"Stroke it! Make me cum!"
Anna started stroking, while his hands were in her hair. He kissed her ear, her neck, sucked on her lips. She stroked faster and faster. John knew he would cum but it would not be enough. Once is never enough with Anna.
John pulled up her dress and groped her panties. Just the feel of her black panties made him go mad. He let go and a stream of thick sperm squirted from his dick onto Anna's belly.
With a sharp, quick move, he tore the panties and threw them on the ground. He spread her legs and put his hand between them. Her pussy was wet, ready to be fucked. While cum still dripped from his dick, he lifted Anna's right leg and put his hand under her bent right knee.
He went in for the first time. Her pussy felt just as he remembered it. Wet and tight. He pounded like mad, while sucking her lustful lips. They were so juicy. She drove him mad, so much so that he could cum again and again. But he wanted to enjoy the sensations more. He pulled out his dick and started rubbing it against her clitoris.
He pulled her hair. Her head was back, her graceful neck exposed. He squeezed her thighs and made her stroke his dick with them. She was so perfect. John wanted to feel every part of her body. Mark every part of her perfect body with his dick. She is his. While Anna stroked his dick with her thighs, he kissed her neck, and gripped her hair.
Anna was moaning. she closed her eyes to feel more with her skin, with her pussy. Biting her lips with pleasure, her nails started scratching into John's back. He welcomed the pain.
He bent her over. Going in from behind, just how they both liked it. His hand was on her hip and his other hand was holding her hair. She was holding the tree. John wanted to fuck her. He wanted to fuck her so bad, so hard, that his dick could fall off. Anna moaned louder. The park was big and empty, so her moans echoed the empty space. John started moaning, as well, as his orgasm began to build. All his desires for Anna couldn't be released just through hard pounding. He began to roar like a bear.
Then, both of his hands took Anna's hips. He gripped them firmly and started pounding, ready to cum. Anna felt John on her body. The long-yearned torturing of her delicate bud by his massive rod came to an end as ecstasy overwhelmed her body. Her legs were shaking, she curled her fingers into the tree. She had to. The darkness of her closed eyes became filled with rainbow colors of enjoyment and her head filled with high-frequency tones of pure pleasure.
A couple of minutes later, which seemed like an eternity, John felt a volcano eruption coming out from the deepest depths of his being. He pulled out his dick and started shooting streams of sperm everywhere. It was on Anna's ass, her back, her dress, on his shirt...everywhere.
It was so intense, he had to lean on the tree.
He looked at Anna. Her face was red. She was breathing fast, just like him. Messy hair stuck to her sweaty face. Their eyes met. He caressed her cheeks. Anna kissed him with all her passion.
She pulled down her dress, and tried to button it the best she could do without buttons. John took her torn panties and played with them in his hand - they would be a souvenir, to remember this night forever.
Anna wanted to go home, she was exhausted. She didn't know what to say, so she just started walking away.
"Until we meet again, my perfect stranger!" John said with a look of delight on his face.
Anna smiled.