Partially inspired by my own time at university, this is the story of two friends who embark on a series of increasingly daring adventures. Any comments or feedback are much appreciated, hope you enjoy!
*****
Chapter One -- The Beginning
'Come on Jay this is ridiculous, this has gone way too far.'
Holly stood outside wrapped in a fluffy white dressing gown, shivering slightly and shifting her weight from side to side in an attempt to keep her bare feet warm. Her flat mate Jericho just laughed as he pointed his phone at his uneasy friend.
'Rules are rules Holly, you knew what you were getting yourself into. So, you ready?'
'No.'
Holly hugged herself and continued to peer into the darkness, anxiously looking for any signs of life. Even though it was one in the morning in the middle of December there were still a few groups of students heading back to their accommodation blocks, as well as the occasional campus security van driving around. Her quick nervous breathes turned to fog as they touched the cold night air and her teeth were beginning to chatter.
'There's still too many people.'
'No there aren't, coward,' Jericho was still grinning. 'And you're going to freeze to death soon so let's go.' He walked backwards away from the doorway and into the night, keeping the camera trained on her as he went. 'Come on!'
'Someone will see! Then they'll call security, or the police, I'll get caught, probably kicked out of uni -'
'No you won't, you're going to be absolutely fine. Now move'.
'I hate you.' Scowling, Holly took a deep breath and glared upwards at the sky. 'Ahhh fine!' With that she quickly ripped off her robe, threw it to the side and sprinted straight past Jericho. He immediately turned and followed in hot pursuit trying, with some difficulty, to keep her in frame.
'Slow down man, I can't keep up!' Even with no shoes Holly was already pulling away and disappearing into the gloom. 'Wait for me!'
'Are you crazy? No way,' Holly glanced back furiously. 'You're not the one who's naked!'
***
Things had started three months earlier when Jericho decided to take a quick afternoon shower. It was his first week at university and so far everything was going ok. The lectures weren't too boring yet, the assignments were doable and his flat seemed really nice. There were twelve of them sharing a kitchen and the communal bathroom, and although a couple of people seemed happier chilling alone in their rooms the rest of them were pretty social. They were all planning to go out again that evening to one of the nearby clubs, so Jericho decided to freshen up before the pre-drinks got going.
Two of the cubicles were already in use when he entered and he could recognise one of the girls' voices humming a tune to herself as she washed. After stripping off Jericho tilted his head back under the hot water and entered a little world of his own, daydreaming peacefully until he heard someone else come into the bathroom. He sighed, reached for his shower gel and proceeded to lather himself up, scrubbing his lean body from head to toe. Next he let the water cascade over himself as he rinsed the suds off with his hands, and that was the precise moment the door to his stall was suddenly barged open.
'Shit! Oh my god, sorry!'
Jericho instinctively covered himself, wincing as he did so, and looked up just in time to see a girl quickly turn away and rush out of the bathroom. He pushed the door shut again whilst cursing the flimsy latch, finished his shower, and after covering up in a t-shirt and towel hurried back to his room. As he got changed he bemoaned his bad luck and wondered what the hell his intruder had been thinking. He'd only caught a glimpse but he was almost sure it was his flat mate Holly, and that she had got more than a glimpse of him. They'd spoken a few times, he knew she did maths and was from London, but other than that he didn't know her that well. She was part the group going out tonight though, so now that would be awkward he grumbled to himself, annoyed at the situation. Ah well he thought, checking his appearance in the mirror, nothing to be done now, let's just try and have a good night. Grabbing a bottle of vodka from his shelf he headed out into the corridor to meet the others.
***
A few hours later and Jericho was absolutely finished. Another flat mate Jessica was slumped against his shoulder, drunkenly arguing with Diego about something unimportant as their taxi carried them back to campus. It had been a great night though, despite Jericho's early embarrassment. A few drinking games in the kitchen had got everyone in the party mood, and it was hard to be that uncomfortable around Holly because she seemed to be completely ignoring him, not even making eye contact once. There were plenty of others to have fun with though, especially when they met up with another flat from their block to go into town together. His memories of the club were pretty hazy. He remembered a lot of shots, some slurred conversations in the smoking area, and a bit of music and dancing. The girls had all been looking particularly attractive as they cavorted together under the lights, and the guys looked on longingly. Nothing particularly exciting happened though and now they were all heading home, slightly worse for wear.
'Come on sleepy, we're here.' Jessica nudged him awake and they all clambered out as Diego unlocked the flat's door. Everyone trudged up the stairs to their floor and they began to say their goodbyes. 'Night everyone, let's do this again soon! Love you all.'
'Night guys!' As they all swayed down the corridor everyone peeled off into their separate rooms. Jericho's was the last one down, but he walked past straight to the kitchen in desperate need of some water. Standing at the sink he poured himself several glasses before resting against the counter and checking his phone.
As he scrolled through his messages the door opened and glancing up he saw Holly slipping in. She smiled. 'Hi. You feeling ok?'
She hadn't said a word to him at the club or in the taxi back so Jericho was a bit thrown.
'Uh yeah, bit of a headache but I'll be fine. Had some water.'
'Good, good.'
She walked over and leant against the fridge across from him, her hands behind her back. 'Fun place wasn't it? I'd be down to go back soon.'
'Yeah, definitely.' Jericho smiled back and wondered where this was going. 'You feeling ok too?'
'Yeah fine. Still a bit tipsy but like you said, just needed some water.'
'Yeah.' Jericho was still feeling shy around her and he looked back down at his phone.
'So listen.' Holly bit her lip. 'About earlier...'
'Oh no don't worry, I'm sure -'
'No no it was my fault, I wanted to say sorry! I was in a rush and stupidly didn't notice which shower was in use, and I guess those locks are pretty weak.'
'Aha yeah I think so, especially if you ram them.'
'Yeah my bad, so I am really sorry, and sorry about earlier too. I was feeling a bit awkward about it all but I should have said something.'
Jericho was blushing. 'It's fine really, it was just an accident. It's university, this sort of thing must happen a lot.'
'Are you sure? I feel bad.'
'Yes really.' Jericho took another sip of water and immediately felt worse. 'You're forgiven. I was a bit embarrassed but now it really is fine.'
'Ok,' Holly didn't move. 'You really have nothing to be ashamed of though, just for your information...'
'Right, haha. Thanks.' The pair stood looking at each other and once again silence descended. It was dark in the kitchen and only the moonlight from the windows illuminated their faces, Holly staring quizzically at Jericho who blankly returned her gaze.
'No see I feel like it's still awkward.'
Jericho laughed. 'I promise it's not.'
'No it is.' Said Holly, stepping forwards toward him. 'So I think I need to pay you back.'
'What? What do you mean.'
'Well you know.' Holly stopped in front of Jericho and whispered softly. 'You showed me yours, so I should show you mine.'
Jericho suddenly felt very sober, and despite all the water he'd drank, very dry throated. 'You don't have to, it's all right.'
'No no.' Holly exhaled. 'It's only fair. Then we're even, and tomorrow morning no one will feel guilty or uncomfortable.' Her body was now mere inches from his and he could smell the faint scent of her perfume. For the first time Jericho let him self study Holly's outfit. Along with the standard heels and tight jeans she was wearing a strapless top that left her shoulders bare and hugged her torso snugly, showing off her curves. As she got closer he could see further down the front of her cleavage, so he looked up to the choker around her neck, and then back up to her eyes. Holy noticed the attention and smirked. 'OK then.' Very slowly and deliberately she crossed her arms and reached down to the front of her top, then began to pull it up.
Jericho was frozen. Mesmerised he watched as more and more skin was revealed, gradually revealing her stomach and then the undercurve of her breasts. This was enough to conform that her outfit did not include a bra, but just before she fully revealed herself to him she paused and raised an eyebrow questioningly. He didn't dare breathe. He didn't want to move a muscle in case this magical spell was broken. Satisfied, Holly grinned then readjusted her grip, and in one fluid motion stripped her top off over her head. She shook her hair free and then decided to unfasten her choker too for good measure, which she let drop down over her chest and to the floor. However when she looked up she was surprised to see Jericho with his eyes slammed shut and his face angled down to the floor.
Now it was Holly's turn to be perplexed. 'Umm... hello?'
'Sorry.' Jericho blinked a few times and stared at his shoes, not quite sure why on earth he had just done that. 'Sorry, this is just too weird and I can't look at you.'
Holly stood mouth slightly ajar as she processed what had happened. Still topless she balled her top in her hands and hugged it against her chest.
'I mean bro, I am offering to show you my boobs, no strings attached. My idea, you just have to look.'
'I know, I know.' Jericho was feeling very tired and very confused, but still he kept his gaze averted. 'I just can't. Sorry.'
'You're not into girls, is that it? That's ok obviously.'
'No I am, and I'm sure you look great. I mean no I know you look great, you're stunning, and I'm sure they do too, but...' He trailed off because what good explanation could he give?
'Ok. Ok, fine. No worries.' Holly slouched back against the fridge and ran a hand through her hair in exasperation.
'Sorry.'
'Don't say sorry, you're just being a gentleman, annoyingly. We'll have to work on that. I still owe you though, don't forget.'
'You really don't need to.' Well, thought Jericho, if things weren't too weird between us before they definitely are now. He saw Holly's heels walk past him and back towards the door, and once again he screwed his eyes shut in frustration.
'Goodnight, Jay.' Holly looked back ruefully then turned to grab the handle. Jay? No one called him Jay. Jerry sometimes but never Jay. The kitchen door swung shut and once more Jericho was alone.
'Jesus Christ.' He waited a moment to gather his thoughts, then put his glass in the sink and turned to leave.
'What the...' There lying draped on the floor was Holly's top. He picked it up and walked to the corridor to look around. He knew Holly's room was right down the other end of the long line of doors, as far from the kitchen as you could get. Had she really walked that entire way half naked, when anyone could come out of their room at any time? As if to prove his point just that moment Serena ,who was in the room next to his, came out of the bathroom and padded up to him.
'Hey Jericho, did you guys have a fun night?'
'Yeah it was good thanks.' Jericho smiled weakly as she moved on past him, then leant against the wall and looked in amazement at the discarded item of clothing in his hand. A few minutes later he climbed into bed and reached for his phone again. He hadn't written a message to Holly yet, they'd only added each other a couple of days earlier, so he clicked on her profile and typed.
*hey, think you forgot you top* Sent. He rolled his eyes at himself for such a boring opening line.
Nevertheless her reply was quick. *whoops, will have to come by soon to pick it up x*
Jericho set his alarm and rolled over to go to bed. Whatever he had got himself into with Holly, it could wait until the morning he decided, and soon he fell into a deep and peaceful sleep.
***
'Cleaning love, you awake in there?'
Jericho was startled awake by a female voice. He rushed to his feet in a panic and saw Jules standing in his doorway peering in. She was one of the cleaners for the dorms and once a week they'd come in to clean their rooms, and make sure they weren't trashing the place.
'Just woke up have you?'
'God sorry, yes.' Jericho was very hungover and still tired, although when he looked at the time he realised he'd completely overslept.
'Just I've got a rota to keep to love.'
'Yeah no problem, let me get out of your way.' Jules had been lovely the couple of times he'd spoken to so far and he didn't want to get in her bad books so he ushered her in. As she set too with a hoover he put on a hoodie with some shorts and went to the kitchen in search of coffee. Inside was Jessica and sitting next to her in a fluffy white dressing gown, Holly.
'Morning.' They all chimed, and the girls swivelled in their chairs to face him as he filled the kettle.
'How's the head after last night?' Jessica's voice sounded pretty rough.
'Yeah not amazing, how about you?'
'Awful.' Jessica took a tiny mouthful from her bowel of cereal. 'I want to die.'
Jericho watched the water slowly boil. 'I was having a lie in but then Jules woke me up. I was only wearing boxers too, bit of a shock to the system.'
Jessica laughed. 'Yeah the cleaners are a menace. That's nothing though, I wasn't wearing anything yesterday when they barged in at nine in the morning.'
'You're joking.' Holly turned to her friend. 'What?'
'Yeah so I sleep naked normally, and this was the first time they've come to my room so I didn't know they can just open the door if you don't hear them knock? But they really don't wait around, if you don't let them in quickly they'll just assume you're out and they unlock it themselves.'
Holly was highly entertained. 'That's hilarious, poor you! Did they see anything?'
'I don't think so. Luckily it was Sally so at least it wasn't one of the male ones, that would have been worse, and I think I was fully under the duvet. But I could have been tossing and turning all night, thrown the covers to the side, they could have been in for a treat you know?'
Jericho poured some milk from the fridge and sat down at the table with them. 'What about fire alarms? We've had two already this week, what do you do then?'
'Well I just have to be very quick. I have that really big coat, with the hood? I normally just chuck that on and go out in slippers.'
'What?' Now Holly was interested too. 'You've been lined up outside with us twice only wearing a coat?'
'Guys, it's a big coat.' Jessica finally gave up on her breakfast and pushed the bowl away. 'It saves having to get dressed then undressed again, and we're only outside for a few minutes each time. It is annoying living in halls to be honest. At home I could wear anything I wanted because my family were out so much of the time, but here you always have to be decent.'
'Wild'. Holly got up. 'Well speaking of nudity I'm off for a shower.' She looked straight at Jericho who smiled bashfully and looked away. 'See you later guys.'
Jericho watched her walk out and wondered what she was wearing under her dressing gown, he certainly hadn't seen any pyjamas or underwear poking out from beneath the plush fabric. He turned to finds Jessica looking at him with a slightly amused look on her face. 'So Jericho, you chosen what modules you're doing yet?'
They spent twenty minutes chatting about the upcoming term and then a bit about their respective families. Another coffee and Jericho was starting to feel a bit more human, and when Jules popped her head round the door to say she'd finished with his room he got up to put his things away. As he and Jessica cleaned up his phone went off and he looked to see that it was Holly, and this time she had sent a video. Excusing himself he left the kitchen and jumped back onto his bed, then pressed play.
A very wet Holly appeared, recording herself in the foggy mirror of the bathroom. Her slick hair showed she must have just got out of the shower and wrapped herself in a towel. She waved at her reflection and blew a kiss, before turning away from the mirror and heading towards the door that lead to the corridor. Jericho was a bit disappointed, but then his eyes widened as the camera panned downwards. Just the edge of her towel and her toes were in shot, and after a moment of fumbling the towel fell and lay folded on the floor. The camera then looked up again and showed Holly's outstretched hand push open the bathroom door as she stepped over what was presumably her only form of covering. The showers were positioned halfway along the corridor so although she didn't have to walk quite as far as last night's adventure, she still had four doors to pass on each side before getting to the safety of her room. Less distance, but this time with a lot less clothing too Jericho thought.
The film ended when she approached her door as she flipped the camera and gave a wink down the lens. Sadly only her flushed face was in this frontal shot and Jericho sighed as the video came to an end. He was hallway through his fourth replay when Holly sent through a message.
*still waiting to get even, at this rate someone else is going to get to see it all before you do!*
Jericho had no words. There was certainly a lot he wanted to say but this was unchartered territory and he had no clue about how to respond. His indecision was interrupted with a bang at the door. Jeffery his course mate was here to walk to their lecture together, so after hastily getting changed and grabbing his bag Jericho rushed out to join him, leaving Holly's message on read.
***
The next few days flew by. Fresher's week was well and truly over and the realities of university life had kicked in, with the number of lectures and assignments quickly ramping up. Other than making dinner with the others each night Jericho was rarely in the flat, spending most of his time in the library trying not to fall too far behind on work.
By the time Saturday came he was definitely in need of a break and as a kitchen they decided a night in drinking was the easiest solution. A few games in and everyone was in a very great mood, especially Jessica and Serena who had been working far too hard as well. Holly was also at her flirtatious best and all in all Jericho was having a good time.
'And so it's proper life drawing then, with an actual naked person?' Sean was interrogating Holly about the day she had just had.
'Ok so they're called life models for one,' Holly gestured with a wine glass to emphasise her points.
'And yes, of course they're naked, it's a proper class. I did art at college then I went to a few lessons in my gap year. The art society do them every week so I thought I'd try and get properly into it.'
'Have you got your sketches? I want to see'
'Yeah, be nice though I'm rusty.' Holly fished out her notepad and it was passed around the table.
'Wow you're really good Holls these look great!' Serena was very impressed as was Jericho, you could see she had a real talent.
'And damn she's hot!' Sean poured over the drawings showing far too much interest in the model which Holly had captured so vividly. 'Who is she?'
'Relax you creep.' Holly laughed and took the pad back off him. 'I think her name was Nathalie? Does econ I think, she didn't stay after to mingle.'
'Wait what? She's a student? I thought they'd bring in a model?'
'No its quite normal to have someone who knows the class already. You can get paid professionals to do it but the session are free to go to so I'd guess she just volunteers. This was only the first time I've been though, maybe there are some other ones sometimes.'
'So she's naked the whole time?'
'You're such a perv Sean!' This time Serena was the one laughing. 'Have you never seen a woman's body before?'
'And no Sean darling, she wasn't.' Holly got up to get a fresh drink and patted him on the head. 'She did a few short poses and then the longest ones are only five minutes each. Then she got a robe to wear in between sittings, everyone is very mature and grown up about it. She did get undressed in the corner of the room though, normally they get a dressing room.'
'Wild man, wild. I need to come.'
'No way silly, you go for the art or you don't go at all. They'd see you staring and kick you out anyways.'
'I'd like to come though if you go again.' This time it was Jericho's turn to pipe up. 'I used to do a lot of art too and I'd love to get back into sketching again.'
'Ok great, let's do next week's session?' Holly was also keen.
'Great.'
'Now that's unfair, I can appreciate beauty too you know.' Sean wasn't really annoyed though and the conversation soon moved on as the drinks continued to flow. Jericho was half listening to a boring story Diego was telling and half daydreaming when he overheard Serena and Holly talking about something way more interesting.
'That must be so crazy though! You're completely nude in a room full of people who you slowly get to know each week, and even worse you could bump into them at any second when you walk around campus! Like how the hell do you cope with that?'
Holly mused thoughtfully. 'I know what you mean, it takes a certain sort of person. Not just the fact you need to be so secure in your own body, but you need to be one hundred percent being comfortable with no clothes. I don't know how you get to be like that, you can't really build up to it gradually can you? Just bang, one day you have to walk in a room and take your kit off.'
'No way girl, I could never. Never ever! Well I say that...' Serena shook her head laughing.
'What? What do you mean?'
Serena lowered her voice to a confidential tone. 'Oh so this is ridiculous. You know how I play rugby at a pretty high level?'
'Yeah...'
'Well I want to join the uni team, its almost as good as my one from home. And basically they have this really intense initiation thing you have to do to get in, I was talking to some of the second years about it.'
Holly had heard about this sort of thing. 'Like crazy drinking games and punishments, humiliations, challenges, that sort of thing? Aren't rugby clubs normally the craziest ones to get into?'
'Yep they are, that's why I'm stressing. So they actually refused to tell me what happens on initiation night itself, apparently the element of surprise is very important. But that's next weekend, and if we even want to get invited first we have to do this scavenger hunt.'
'Ok, so how hard can that be?'
'Holly mate it's crazy. I thought it would be collect a fur cone, take a picture in a lecture hall, maybe steal a book from the library at worst, that sort of lame thing. But its insane, look, I took a screenshot. Each one comes with a point score, and some you can get more points depending on how difficult you make the challenge. If you can't prove you've scored at least thirty points by initiation night then you're not invited, simple.'
Holly took the phone and scrolled down the list, gasping as she went.
'Ok, steal a whole fridge from another kitchen? How on earth are you meant to do that... and only five points?'
'Exactly, like how? How do they expect people to get away with all this?'
'Ok, drink ten pints in five minutes at the union bar? Can you do that?'
'Pfff no way, look I've been sipping this beer for the last half an hour. Also if you then throw up you lose all your points anyway.'
'Jump into the gym pool fully clothed? Only ten points? Wouldn't they ban you for that?'
'I'd have thought so.'
'Oh my god Serena!' Holly covered her mouth an giggled. 'Well there is a library one... take a photo of you with a stranger,'
'Oh yeah this one, you've made it to the dirty section.'
'One point for a normal photo, five if you're in your underwear and ten points if you're fully nude!'
'Yeah not happening I'm afraid. Keep scrolling though...'
'What... oh wow. Oh wow some of these can't be real!'
'Hey Jerry.' Jericho's eavesdropping was rudely interrupted by Jessica pulling him up to his feet by his collar. 'Beer pong, you're on my team, let's go.'
'Ahhh fine, let's do this.' Reluctantly Jericho followed her to the dining table and wondered what other types of daring task Serena and her teammates were expected to pull off. All he knew is that she and Holly spent a long time that night in the corner hunched over the scavenger list.
***
It was still only eleven when the dreaded sound of the fire alarm blared, drowning out the music from their speakers. Everyone groaned. 'Who the fuck has set it off this early?' Diego complained.
'Come on everyone, grab a drink and get your shoes.' Jessica shepherded everyone into the corridor and Jericho jogged off to get a jumper. Re-joining the others they all filed down the stairs, merging with the other flats in the block and trekking off to the nearby car park. Campus security watched them as they walked past and Jessica and Jericho passed a wine bottle between them as they chatted. As they waited for the building to be searched and the alarm to be turned off they saw Holly in a bulky jacket rushing to catch up with them.
'Oh hi, wondered where you'd gone.' Jericho offered her the bottle.
Holly shook her head and fished an unopened can of cider from her pocket. 'No thanks. Yeah I couldn't find my keys, I think I was the last one out. A fireman told me to hurry up but I think it might just be a drill, no one has smelt any smoke.'
'God how annoying,' Jessica took another swig. 'This is the third one in a week, do we really need drills? I think we know where to go by now. Hey look Holly, we're coat twins'.
Holly looked down, they were wearing similar looking parkas. 'Oh true, they do look the same. How are you not cold Jay, it's freezing.'
Jericho shrugged happily. 'Alcohol I guess? You must be nippy too Jessica, if you're wearing your traditional fire alarm outfit.'
'Oh you wish!' Jessica laughed at his cheek, then with her hands in her pockets suddenly ripped her coat open as if to flash them. All she revealed though was her outfit from the kitchen.
'Aww, you are wearing clothes underneath.' Jessica punched Jericho playfully and buttoned herself back up.
'Sorry to disappoint Jerry, but I'm not that drunk. Oh my God its Pete! Hey Pete!' Spying one of her course mates Jessica ran off to go and say hi.
Holly shook her head. 'I think she is pretty drunk to be fair. Where are the others?'
Jericho looked around the car park full of irritated students. 'I think that's Ivor in the corner, so maybe they're all over there. Want to go?'
'Nah not yet. Actually I wanted to show you something before Jessica comes back.'
Jericho was immediately interested. 'Show me what? Why, what have you got under your coat?'
'A magic trick.'
'Oh. Really?'
'Yup.'
'Ok, go on then.' Jericho again was not sure where this was going.
'Not here, come on.'
Holly grabbed his arm and took him towards the back of the car park. In the final row of cars there was a white van and after glancing around she pulled him behind it. They were now shielded from the rest of the crowd but only precariously as anyone was free to wander round to this area at any time.
'Hold this.' She passed him the can and he took a sip as she rummaged in another of her many deep pockets. Finally she found what she was looking for and pulled out a pack of cards.
'Oh.' Although he hadn't known what to expect Jericho was a bit disappointed. 'Literally a magic trick.'
'What were you expecting Jay?' She glanced up questioningly as she shuffled the card.
'No, nothing.'
'Ok so, pick a card, any card.' Holly fanned out the cards and offered them to him.
'Really. You really brought me here to do magic.'
'Oh come on it's a good one, promise.'
Jericho decided to humour her and picked a card, looked at it and then slid it back in the deck.
'Perfect. So now I shuffle them again, cut the deck, blah blah. Ok now shut your eyes.'
'Why do I need to shut my eyes?'
'Jay it's part of the trick will you just cooperate for once.'
'Fine, fine.' Jericho obliged and dramatically buried his face in his hands, spilling some cider in the process.
'Careful! Ok now we say the magic words...' He heard some rustling from what he assumed was her manipulating the cards.
'What are the magic words?'
'I've forgotten.'
'Wonderful.' Vision still blocked Jericho switched back to the wine. 'Honestly if this works I'll be amazed. Blown away. Astounded.'
'Really?' There was a bit more rustling.
'Do you have another deck in your pocket or something?'
'No nothing like that. Ok, you ready to be amazed?
'Sure.'
'Ok, open your eyes!'
Jericho did so and was immediately frozen in place yet again. Holly stood smiling at him, tapping the queen of hearts against her chin as she leant with her other hand on the side of the van. She had taken off her coat and had wrapped it around her waist with the two arms tied together at the front. The big news though was that she had indeed copied Jessica, and under the parka she was wearing nothing at all. The folds of the arms kept her just about covered from the waist down as she stood still she her weight on one leg, but above there was nothing between her skin and the cool autumn air at all. 'Is this your card?'
The inhibitions and awkwardness that Jericho had felt the first time she had tried this had been well and truly eroded by the night's drinking, and he stared gawking at her with no shame. She was stunning as he imagined she would be and there was something about the yellow light from the lamp posts that illuminated her which made her even more captivating. He wasn't sure what was more enticing, just how god damn sexy she looked with her top off, or the fact she was bold enough to do this a few feet from their entire accommodation block. After a moment he remembered how to speak.
'Um, no. Not even close. I think it was a jack but now I'm not sure...'
'Aww. Bummer.' Holly dropped the card to the floor and stretched both hands up behind her head, cracking her knuckles. 'So you don't rate my trick?'
'It was quite sneaky, I'll give you that.'
Now with her hands on her hips Holly beamed appreciatively. 'Well you weren't letting me pay my debts, I had to get creative. I'll be honest I thought I'd do this in the kitchen or something, not out in the car park, but the fire alarm gave me a good idea to make it more fun.'
'Yeah very quick thinking, good...' Jericho wasn't really listening, she had reduced him to a simpleton. A burst of laughter from the other side of the van knocked some sense back into him. 'You're not shy are you, what if someone sees?'
Holly giggled, causing her breasts to jiggle in a way that made Jericho want to gasp. 'No one can see and I think you know by now that I don't mind a bit of risk. You like it too?'
'Yeah its crazy. You're crazy, this is insane...'
'Glad you enjoyed it! Now we're finally even.' Holly extended her hand and in a slight daze Jericho reached out to shake it. 'Pleasure doing business with you Jay.'
'Likewise Holly.'
'Now if you don't mind the show is over and I'm very aware that it's very cold and my tits are out.'
'Right yes, thanks.' Jericho smiled dumbly at her.
Holly laughed. 'So turn around idiot, there is no dignified way to out this coat back on.'
'Oh yeah right, sorry.' Jericho spun around and realised he couldn't wipe the grin off his face. He was very happy indeed. He wanted more than anything to turn back to watch her untie her jacket but he knew he shouldn't she was the one in charge here.
In just a moment normality was restored as he was shoved playfully in the back. 'Ok let's go find the others now.' Holly linked arms with him and led him off again, the coat buttoned back up to her chin with no hint of the secret that lay beneath. They joined back up with the rest of their kitchen just as the fire marshal gave the all clear to go back inside. Holly started chatting to Serena and Jericho suddenly felt Jessica bump into him from behind.
'Where did you guys go, I couldn't see you anywhere? And where is the wine.' Although they'd barely known each other for two weeks Jericho was already close to Jessica and felt instinctively an urge to confide in her. But as he opened his mouth to explain what had happened he realised how mental it all sounded. Even if she believed him he wasn't ready to go into the details yet, he'd barely registered everything the first time round. So he lied.
'We were looking for you silly. How was Pete?'
***
Only half an hour had been wasted outside so everyone headed straight back to the kitchen to pick up where they left off. Jessica chucked her coat over a chair and started pouring out shots, while Holly kept hers on and glanced a knowing look towards Jericho.
'Still cold babe?' Serena asked.
'Freezing.' Holly replied.
The night roared on into the early hours of the morning. Slowly people grew tired and one by one retired to bed until it was just Holly, Diego, Jessica and Jericho left. They were slumped round the table watching some trashy reality TV show and eating ice cream, discussing the important questions of life. Jericho was knackered by this point and it was only the tantalising knowledge that Holly was sitting with two of their friends wearing only a coat that was keeping him up.
*I'm dying* He typed, and Holly glanced down at her phone. The other two were still busy chatting so she read the message and began to reply.
*where is your stamina*
*ow. seriously i might have to go to bed, these two can talk for hours*
*yeah they are unstoppable*
*you staying?*
*for a little bit maybe*
*ok. see you tomorrow then. thanks again for tonight x*
*xxx*
'Night guys, got to get some work done tomorrow so I'm off.' Jericho yawned gathered his things. 'See you all tomorrow.'
'Ah night Jerry! Sleep well.' 'Night Jay.' 'Night mate.'
Leaving the three of them too it Jericho visited the bathroom then got himself tucked into bed. Even though he was tired he really didn't feel like sleeping. How could he after that night? But even as he shut his eyes to relive Holly's card trick he could feel himself begin to fall asleep, that was until his phone buzzed.
Once again it was Holly.
*they became too boring, you were right*
*haha good call. you in bed then*
*nearly, just getting changed*
*changed? into what*
*lol ok sure not changed then. getting undressed*
Jericho groaned and looked to the sky in frustration. This teasing was hard when you're this turned on.
*there we go* This time she'd sent a photo of the coat discarded on the floor next to her bed. *much more comfortable*
*you must have your heating very high in your room*
*all the way to the max*
Jericho sighed and looked away from his phone. His eyes settled on his desk, and on a certain item folded neatly on top of it. He made a quick decision and decided to act on it before he changed his mind.
*before you go to sleep, I was just thinking. we aren't quite equal yet*
This time there was a longer delay. *no? what's wrong*
*No nothing, just I still have your top from the other night. you must need it back*
*oh yeah, of course. should I come get it*
*if you'd like*
*Now?*
Jericho hesitated for a moment, very conscious that he was about to cross a line, to make a move that he might not be able to undo.
*sure*
Anther pause.
*ok great, i'll be there in a sec*
*oh also Holly* This was the risky bit he thought. *i was thinking about the whole show me yours I'll show you mine thing*
*yeah?*
*yeah. well it's just that even though tonight was great, we're still not really even*
*no?*
*no. I mean I wasn't just topless when you saw me was i. i wasn't actually wearing anything*
*oh*
Jericho grimaced, this might have been too far.
*i'm just thinking you know, i'd hate for you to still feel guilty like you did before*
This time there was no reply and Jericho cursed himself for taking such a stupid risk. He'd just asked a girl he barely knew to get naked for him, who does that? He tried to backtrack quickly.
*i was just joking anyway. of course we're even! see you tomorrow x*
'Fuuuck'. He threw his phone to the side and fell back holding his pillow over his face. 'You fucking moron...' He lay there for a few moments wishing he had just enjoyed their game at her pace rather than pushing for more like the horny idiot he was. His phone remained silent and the only sound was some far off shouting from late night revellers in the street below.
Then out of the darkness there was a hushed voice calling earnestly through his door.
'Jericho?'