Holler Pointe, Pennsylvania. Exactly 52 miles from the Needy family home.
"Fiddle Stix?"
Margo Needy read the glowing neon sign above the country bar out in the middle of nowhere. "How have I not heard of this place? Darryl would take me out to all the local clubs within a 100 mile radius. Not once have I heard of Fiddle Stix." Awestruck she unhooked her seatbelt and hovered over those residing in the front seats of Brian Hancock's truck. Her ass high in her exploration out the front windshield she was felt up by her one of five studly Master's Heath Talbot. Fine by her!
"Been here a long time my Dad says. Kind of a hidden gem behind the moonshine still." Brian Hancock chuckled, "You wanted to go dancing. Well this is where you cut the rug as my Mom used to put it."
"Or munches on a rug." Heath laughed while fingering Margo's pussy from behind. She merely wiggled her ass and went so far as to gyrate backwards so that his fingers sank deeper. Mom was right at home on Mount Knuckles. Gnashing her teeth she whispered into Gwen's ear, chin on the girls shoulder, "I'm so glad you joined us Gwen. The boys rave about you."
"I bet they do." The blond giggled, Margo's breath tickling her neck as if a lingering fly. "I've heard a lot about you too Mrs. Needy."
"Margo...or Mom...I'm good with either."
"MOM!" All of the boys rallied laughing. Due to Gwen the group agreed to control their urges to make Margo refer to them as Master. Too much too soon.
Margo looks to the other boys with her, having rode in the backseat of Brian's truck as she had when they took her son to the airport well over a month ago. Eric, Cabot, and Heath sat as they had before only this time rather dressed up, Brian's brother Jeff dominating the front seat along with Brian and their stepsister Gwen. Sharing the laps in back was Cabot's stunning date Maria. She was snickering at Heath fingering Margo as she cuddled with Cabot. Cabot scowled at his own version of too much too soon swatting Heath until he removed his fingers. Eric Crowe the centerpiece just shook his head as Heath moved his arm across his chest to bring drenched fingers over to wipe them on Cabot's cheek when he was distracted by Maria.
"Dammit Talbot!" Cabot began to wipe his cheek but found resistance. Maria swooped in and licked the wet marks on his cheek then kissed her man. Cabot immediately lost interest in his torment. Thing is Heath having seen her lick up Margo's juices puckered and zeroed in on the couple's smooching lips teasing further dampness. Sensing his fingertips Maria severed her kiss with a smirk and licked Heath's fingers, sucking them dry. Cabot a bit jealous over his girl doing this to his buddy shot a glare toward Eric. Eric stayed out of it.
"Better her than you or me." Eric mumbled.
"Why didn't you invite Lisa?" Cabot had forgotten to ask Eric earlier.
"Had her scheduled to work. She's barely 18 I don't wanna take her into a redneck bar, even if they would let her in. Besides I'm still not sure I wanna date her, she's too good of friends with my sister Lily."
"I get it." Cabot nodded then found it in him to pull Heath's fingers back from Maria's lips. "That's enough Honey."
"Suckle!" Heath grinned, "What? Honeysuckle! She likes Margo's taste." Maria did indeed, her first sample. Now that she and Cabot were getting closer, so were she and Margo. The problem existed though, how invested Cabot really was in any real relationship. Maria was not getting her hopes up, she was happy just to spend any time with her dashing Waiter. At least she had Cabot's grandmother on her side.
"You're a dumbass Talbot." Eric scowled.
"Speaking of ass." Heath lifted Margo's skirt and bit her ass cheek. She yelped making Gwen wince and feign going deaf. An apology led Brian Hancock to yell toward the back.
"That's enough horseplay young man. Do I need to stop this truck and bite her other cheek?" Gwen in awe of his suggestion slapped his arm. While dealing with the super hot parrot on her shoulder, and her dashing driver, to her right her other equally handsome stepbrother Jeff spent time rubbing her leg, a little too high up on her thigh at that.
Wearing tight denim shorts that rode aggressively high on her hips at least he couldn't slide up under them, she just knew that was his intention. Did she swat him away? No! It made her wonder what she had gotten herself into though. This was all so strange to her to have fallen for Brian so quickly, not even breaking up with her current beau, just making excuses until she decided exactly what and who she wanted. It wasn't going to be easy explaining to their parents if she did choose Brian, if he even truly wanted a relationship. He was just so rogue it was impossible to know. Jeff getting handsy was not helping, she had always had minor crushes on both boys growing up. Jeff being older was more appealing, but Brian was way cuter. Toss up!
"You park Mister!" Margo pinched Brian's earlobe giving him the willies. "Momma needs to dance." Her ass would not stop bouncing about as if dancing already, Heath referring this style as the Lapbada. Momma Needy was fired up. It had been far too long since she had gone public in party mode. She loved dancing, her late husband Darryl often taking her out for one form of dancing or another be it ballroom, disco, or stripping to the oldies. 80's metal that is. Country music was good enough this time around, it just meant hunky cowboys with big fat lariats. "Rope me, grope me Boys." Her thoughts unspoken.
Finding a dark spot along the back of the gravel lot Brian shut his truck off and winked at his brother. Gwen seeing it winced, "Why are you winking at Jeff? Do I wanna know?"
"Maybe later." He chuckled, "When I give you my redneck. Oh wait! I guess it's my purple neck."
"Who says I'm putting out tonight? Someone has to be the designated driver." Gwen laughs. Not that she felt ready to drive such a monster truck.
"We're all drivin' baby." Heath bellowed to further chuckles. "All over the backroads." Margo hurling herself back into his lap kissed him just to shut him up. Master went quiet until Cabot cleared his throat.
"We going in or what?"
Heath went in alone, fingers back in action. Margo whimpered into his mouth and palmed his face to let him know she approved. Cabot shaking his head patted Maria's leg, "I need to stretch, my legs are taking a siesta."
"I will rub the circulation back into this leg." Maria giggled and massaged at his crotch through his blue jeans. Eric between both couples rolled his eyes.
"GOTTA PISS LIKE A RACE HORSE." That broke up the loveherds.
Even in the front seat Brian was making out with Gwen while Jeff kissed her shoulder and neck. "Fuck I should have brought Lisa. Odd man...WANTS OUT MOTHERFUCKERS!" Ending the passion parley everyone crawled down from the truck and stretched. While it wasn't a long trip here it was still cramped. Stepping ten feet behind the truck Eric whipped his dick out and urinated, back arched to enjoy his sigh of relief. Having an erection it wasn't easy.
Taking Heath by his hand Margo took control, tonight her night off as promised. She demanded her freedom to enjoy life for a meager few hours, but swore that her attentions would center on the boys. Cabot being with Maria and she knowing what Margo was like appeared unconcerned one way or the other. Gwen however had only heard about Margo, she being the baby of the ladies, things were kept from her to a small degree. Knowing Margo's reputation however nothing would be a shocker.
Tonight Gwen was here more to show off her own new purchases, namely her finally healed breasts after a sizable upgrade. There for Brian yes, but she wanted eyes on her pries, meaning to see if other men would pry eye contacts with their own dates to check out her. Maybe the club should have been called The Pry Bar.
Gathering to follow Margo and Heath the group made it to the front door. Just inside a burly bouncer with a Stetson and a gorgeous handlebar moustache met them for an ID check. No one under 19 in the posse they were allowed entry. The band on stage was right out of Nashville...in their minds. Singing Brad Paisley's song No I in Beer, it was appropriate seeing as only Margo, Maria, and Jeff were old enough to drink. Bouncing about in her short bright red dress Margo drug Heath on to the dance floor against his wishes. Bitch slapped! He would get even tomorrow.
Maria and Cabot followed them out and enjoyed themselves. Jeff leaning toward the idea of grabbing a beer parted ways with his brother and Gwen. Eric Crowe...dancing in step with two left Crowe's feet. He had zero dancing skills.
Brian held Gwen from behind and just swayed to the music, she enjoying his more relaxed behavior since they had gotten closer. He used to be a royal prick but now he appeared...happy. She felt their connection but the family thing still ate at her soul. Her Mom just would not understand. Bruno her stepdad would have nothing to say about it considering he had been inappropriate toward Gwen herself just a week ago. She wasn't mad at him, it wasn't like he tried raping her, only jerking off and she somewhat encouraging him. Maybe she was no better than the Hancock Boys.
As one upbeat song ended, the band moved into softer pastures, namely Got What I Want by Jason Aldean. Being rather romantic Margo swarmed Heath's neckline and spent the entire song just staring into his eyes. Talbot felt that connection, his hands however slid straight down to her ass, her silky red dress so soft that it was as if he was holding her bare bottom. It might as well have been it was tragically form fitting, her entire backside open clear down to her crack for a well tanned terrain. Between the upper garment and the skirts hem was only 9 inches, not a whole lot to hide. His hands squeezing her cheeks the skirt rose higher so guys on the dance floor could catch a glimpse. While yes they were loving their everyday ladies it was just too tempting to spy on those well tanned curves. Hard to miss!
Cabot and Maria were less risque, Cabot actually behaving himself even though Maria was wearing one of Margo's next to nothing dresses. With her dress being white it had a see through vibe going on even in the dank atmosphere of the dimly lit club, her natural tan assisting in it's revelations. Cleavage dropping well below her chest with no bra in existence it offered Cabot a sweet view as they danced forehead to forehead, his eyes peering straight down into the canyon. Maria while not in Margo's league shape wise was certainly not resorting to No Comprende. Her curves were just a little more substantial in her back yard. Subtle hints of her own cheeks drifted in and out of sight with the skirt hugging tightly.
At the bar waiting in line Jeff surveyed the possibilities. As packed as the Honky Tonk was the female ratio was pretty even with the guys, which meant most were taken, guys stealing up on their gals as if threatened by the competition. "Damn! Looks like the cattle drive's in town. The fella's around here are saying steer clear. At least I have Gwen to keep me entertained as long as Bri doesn't hog all the glory. I mean come on she has two of everything so why not two of us? Two tits, two holes, three if you count her mouth. Two ass cheeks, two legs, two arms..." He was running out of examples in his amusement. "Might as well have two dicks in her favor too." His idea, not Brian's.
In the line moving up to the bar Jeff noticed at least one possibility. Wincing at a girl with long silky black hair and a petite figure, roughly 5'5 in height from the back, slightly obstructed by a guy that didn't seem to be with her he puckered, "What do we have here? No cowgal hat on, tight ass jeans , partial shoulders poppin' from her blouse..."He leers around the man in front of him for a slicker look, "No boots, all heels. Maybe there's at least one non redneck in the place." As the line progressed the girl reached the bar and ordered a single drink. "Buying her own it looks like. Might have struck pay dirt Hancock." He grinned.
The male bartender bringing her a cocktail drink with a colorful base Jeff surmised, "Classy even." After paying for her cocktail the girl turned to venture back out into the crowd, in passing Jeff he got a good look at her face finally. "Whoa! Korean maybe?" The girl was beyond gorgeous. In stepping next to him they made eye contact, Jeff tried his best not to appear egotistical but with his Henry Cavill looks it was hard not to seem cocky. He led with a warm smile which caught her eye briefly and was returned with a hint of bashfulness. Afraid of missing his chance he pointed at her drink. "Mind if I ask what you're drinking? That's...looking awful exotic."
"We fit together." She grins and sips her drink, "It's a Bahama Mama, but where I come from we call it a Seoul Survivor."
"Seoul? Korea?" He found himself entranced with the girl, almost losing his place in line just to talk to her. Lingering she stepped in line with him to keep his place going forward.
"Yes! My family moved here from Seoul South Korea recently. I think you might be the only one in the club that knows where Seoul is."
"Could be! It is funny if you ask these cowboys where Seoul is the first thing they look at is the bottom of their boot." That made her giggle. "I'm Jeff." A casual handshake offered. She merely lowered her gaze and offered, "Yon!"
"Am I that boring?" He winked.
"Y-O-N!" She spelled out her name, "You are quite funny."
"Sometimes. You here with friends?"
"Alone! My family would disown me if they knew I was here."
"Living dangerously?"
"You have no idea." She laughed, "My parents are very strict. I am an only child, learning the culture here on my own. They think I went to an evening class. I go to college nearby."
"Skipping school! Now we have something in common." They move up in line, she following shocked him. "I used to skip school all the time."
"College now?"
"No. I just hold a 9 to 5 job."
"What kind of job if I may I ask?" He knew that was coming. Being a Sewage Department worker just wasn't that glamorous. He hated lying to her but no way was he going to let on he dealt with shit.
"I cut trees with my Dad and Brother. That's my younger brother Brian over there." He had to point just as Brian squeezed Gwen's tit. "Sorry about my bro. He gets..."
"Handy? Is this what you American's refer to as a Handy Man?"
"Something like that." He chuckled. "Let me grab my beer I'd love to talk some more." His turn at the bar meant dealing with a bartender. Once he ordered, paid, and received his bottle of Bud he turned back to discover Yon gone. "Well fuck!" Looking all over he didn't see her. "Like a ninja!" His heart sank. "Story of my life. Gwen some lose some." His ego was back. "Where did you go Yonder?" Good question.
Back on the dance floor the song had switched again, this time to a tune a bit more lively. Brad Paisley's song Camouflage got the crowd bustling for the dance floor. In seconds Heath and Margo were swarmed by Cowpokes whooping and hollering, their girls singing along with the song and feigning as if hiding from their suiters. It was funny.
Margo in her own unique methods turned her back to Heath and pressed up against him, her hands over her head to toy with his scalp. Hugging up close to him she attempted to be his attire. He was all up on her front his hands fluttering along her rib cage and up under her dancing breasts. Fake tits or not her surgeon had made certain they were alive and perky at all times. Nipples stabbing through her red dress drew in a fair share of roving eyes. Cowboys and cowgirls alike enjoyed her second skin routine while still maintaining a good bodily rhythm with the song. It led to other women into being copycats.
Seeing more and more ladies stealing their thunder Heath upped his game just to see how badass their men really were. While most of the women were in jeans rather than dresses it made no real difference. With Margo's dress free flowing at the sides due to larger arm openings Heath slid his hands underneath the fabric and showed her tits off by lifting their undersides. Pointing one finger on each hand straight up beneath her nipples it was like saying, "They're right here fellas." As if guys needed any compass needle.
Following his bravado many ladies found their men mimicking Heath's actions as best they could. Mostly on the outside of their shirts rather than beneath, but the idea was definitely going places. Women were swooning at being fondled in front of others. In Heath's mind it just proved the whole world was teaming with sluts, devious dudes too. More the merrier!
"Look at you." Heath spoke into Margo's ear, her long brown hair tickling his face as he approached. "You got the ladies all worked up in this place."
"And, you Sir have coaxed the male population into manning up. I dare you to show them how it's really done."
"Meaning?" He winced, his concealed dick rubbing between the crease of her cheeks as she glued her body to his.
"Look at their eyes Heath, the men envy you, the women envy me."
"Come on most of these cowboys look like they could lift a tractor for breakfast. If they don't have muscle, they don't have fat either. Is that a farm boy thing?"
"Maybe!" She giggles, "Why do you think the ladies chase after them?"
"True! I'd love to milk a few of these Bessie's." He laughed. "Look at Megan Fox over there, that bitch is built."
"Better than mwah?" She sneered at him playfully.
"Not even close Gadot!" The boys had often compared her to the actress Gal Gadot, mixed with a hint of Sophie Turner. Even Brian Hancock joked about Margo being Mother of Hardons rather than dragons, keeping in the Game of Thrones motif, only because Sophie was in the show. They had the thrones, all she had to do was sit on them.
"I like the way you worship me Heath." She smirks just as the band wound down on Paisley and dove right into Toby Keith's How Do You Like Me Now? while not headstrong it seemed fitting, the band even noticing Margo's effect on the couples. The lead singer motioning to his guitarists to keep an eye on Margo and Heath made for silent whistles.
Taking Margo's dare Heath removed his hands and extended his muscular arms out in front of him as if reaching out to the women eying them. Margo clung to him as tightly as she had the last song and had her hands straight up in the air at first swaying to the tune. Not one couple left the dance floor, it was as if they sensed that this was going to get good. Give them what they wanted Heath always said. Margo seemed to recall her late husband Darryl saying the same thing.
Recalling his arms, Heath clutched Margo's breasts on the outside of her dress this time. It being a button down to the waist gave Heath plenty to work with. As the song progressed Heath tenderly unbuttoned one button every thirty seconds without looking at anyone other than Margo, his lips nuzzling her neck. The gents out there took his cue and dared to tease their ladies just as he was doing. Some studs got away with it and some plaid shirts were opening wide to express a healthy trail of cleavages, some braless, others burdened but willing. Maybe Heath was a true Master, everyone was following the leader.
During the course of the song and his unbuttoning of Margo's dress clean down to her belly button jewelry Heath stopped one button shy of as far as it went. Hands rising to her shoulders he squeezes them and guides her thin straps to the curvature of her upper arms. Keeping the dress from falling he definitely showed off Margo's topside, yet kept that air of mystery by concealing her nipples. Close but no cigar! Not even a cigarette!
Guys tried to keep up with Heath's shenanigans but most of them faced modesty in small favors. The ladies enjoyed being flaunted and feeling sexy but too far spooked them, fearing the possibility of getting kicked out of the bar. The bouncers were circulating but strangely they found Margo too hot to cool down. It certainly appeared that they were lapsing in their jobs until it became necessary to intervene. It's a fact...guys love a good show.
Songs merging the band wanted to keep things hopping so barged right into Honky Tonk Badonkadonk by Trace Adkins. Being much more rambunctious only fueled the heat index of the club. Even Cabot and Maria who had been dancing then cooling off after the last song eyed Heath and Margo. Eric Crowe easing up to Cabot shared his worry that they might go too far. A scowl between best buds closed that argument fast, of course they were going to go too far, this was Margo Needy and Heath Talbot.
Maria's respect of Margo's zest for life was growing the more she viewed her youthful sex drive. While never being able to keep up with the woman, Maria did see how much Cabot was lured magnetically toward Margo for her sexy antics. Lessons would be learned, Maria knew she had to keep Cabot's interest. She was all alone here in the states and he was very special to her heart. In time!
"Bouncers are vulturing us." Heath noticed and spoke his brief concern toward Margo's fever dance, she was so into her sensuality that she really hadn't stressed over anything but her desires. Hearing him over the song she tilted her gaze toward the bouncers from side to side and wagged her fingers at them saying, "No no no!" Shockingly the men chuckled and looked to one another for advice. Eyes drawn back to her the bouncers now discovered an alliance brewing. Six other women on the dance floor were mimicking Margo, casting their own finger wags as their votes to let it ride. The support was there most definitely.
"You see that shit?" Eric asked Cabot, "Margo's telling the bouncers to back off and the dance floor is becoming her backup band."
"You know how persuasive she can be." Again Maria was quenching her thirst for knowledge, Margo was the most incredible persona she had ever seen.
"And, there's Mom's tits." Eric saw Heath guide Margo's unbuttoned dress wide and let the ladies out to play. "We're so getting kicked out."
"Don't be so sure. Like I said Margo can be a force to be reckoned with." Cabot drooled, Maria flaring her eyes at his lust and Margo's reveal. "She generally gets her way." Maria could not just stand and watch this any longer. Taking Cabot's hand she drug him back out on to the dance floor leaving Eric to seek out Brian and Gwen to continue his awe.
On the floor Maria went into some serious theatrics of her own. All up on Cabot as Margo was doing to Heath. Taking Cabot's hands she led his palms around her to her own buttoned up dress. Calling back to him Maria insisted, "Release me Cabot. I wish to be free." He knew it wasn't as negative as it sounded she was too persistent. Chuckling he just went with it and unbuttoned Maria down below her cleavage until her belly button was winking at the onlookers. Margo enjoying the company of her new next door neighbor blew the girl a kiss for confidence.
Maria's additional steam sent three other women into strip me mode, their cowboys more than happy to show off their filly's. Bouncers although edgy let it happen, reason being they all had minor crushes on two of those cowgirls now sharing perfect tits to the world. This included the Megan Fox lookalike, a girl named Trudy. She was all up on her man, facing him and jumping up to let him lift her into his hips. Hat in hand she was all in on the rodeo circuit. Whooping loudly Trudy unbuttoned her entire shirt and let it wave like a cape when draping her upper body back toward the crowd. Her man being 6'8, 320, all muscle, held his prize with ease. The range was definitely worth exploring. Wild Wild Waist!
Song winding down the energy was just too intense to slow it up. The band quickly burst into their rendition of Charlie Daniels, The Devil Went Down to Georgia. Fiddle in the singers hands wailing up a storm of erotic viewpoint. The ladies howled and ventured further into uncharted territory. They took the dare to see who was the best there had ever been. Margo and Maria reached out for one another, fingers entwining and locked in. Heath nudging Margo directly into Maria, their bare breasts mashed together and the girls found themselves face to face laughing. In that brief instant Margo kissed Maria. It was on!
Heath admiring their lip lock nodded at Cabot to follow his lead. Shrugging with amusement they guided the women's dresses down off their shoulders and to their elbows. Topless to join Trudy's head start.
"FUCK YEAH!" Brian noticed the strippers on the dance floor. Gwen nursing her coke bulged her eyes, she hadn't noticed until Eric had prompted Brian to look. Tits were flopping everywhere and nobody was getting into trouble for it. Brian yelling, "TAKE IT ALL OFF!" concerned her. She knew her stepbrother's reputation but this was showing his true colors. As if reading her mind Brian pivoted to face Gwen. "I mean you."
"WHAT?" Gwen found her drink taken away and passed to Eric. Picking up petite little Gwen he carried her squealing out on to the dance floor. Marching her straight over to Margo and Maria's bonding moment he lowered Gwen to her feet and turned her back to his chest. Before she could resist she found her shirt lifted up to expose her perfect new tits to the world. Beet red she laughed and told herself that she came here for this exact reason, to see guys check them out. At least Brian was being helpful.
Songs changing one after another the heat was meant to get hotter. Garth Brooks Longneck Bottle rising to toast the party goers. Sweat wringing, both the gals and the guys were getting glossy where it counted, making the visuals even better. Bouncers knew they were breaking protocol but the Owner was off the premises at the moment so they let it ride, wondering just how far these crazy bitches were going to go.
Trudy Purdette had her lover lower her to the ground and she patted his cheek to let him know she was going to take a stroll. Hat back on she strutted her stuff whipping her plaid shirt off and swinging it over her head, marching about and rallying the troops. Six other women caved to her catty drive, their dates coaxed into joining the topless two step. Heath and Cabot noting the steamy environment puckered to one another and decided to take a huge risk. With Margo and Maria's dresses to their waists as it were the boys just yanked the dresses down to their feet and made them step out of them. Nudity was in the house. Every longneck bottle was held high. SING IT GIRTH! GARTH!!
Eric, now joined by a lonely Jeff Hancock, still reeling from his earlier loss of the Korean beauty Yon tried to enjoy the excursion on the floor but just couldn't. While his toward back was toward the distant bar Jeff suddenly felt a set of nails trail down his back. Shocked by it, he at first looked at Eric thinking he was fucking with him. Eric nodded to look behind Jeff, sending him into a spin. Jaw dropping he rediscovered his lost ninja warrior. Her eyes were amazing but nervous, yet certainly interested.
"There you are." Jeff brightened up, "I thought you took off on me."
"I did! I apologize." She pouted slightly, "My parents called while you were at the bar. I had to answer it but I could not let them hear the music playing or they would know I was not in classes. I ran to my car where it was quiet."
"Glad you came back." He then realized something. Lowering his eyes to her body he offered a loud exhale, "You...had a change of clothes in your car."
"I did. I wanted to wear this when I came here but I chickened out. I was afraid it was too much...too little." Her black dress was micro short and her cleavage was popping. Definitely no bra, panties to be determined. Whistling under his breath he nodded with respect.
"You look incredible."
"I was hoping you might think that. I...am shy but coming along."
"Well, I'll gladly come along with you." His perversion went right over her head, she was just happy that her first real encounter with a man here in the states was going well.
"It has gotten crazy while I was away." She points to the dance floor. He had to pry his attention off of her to look out at the dance floor but before he did he dared to take her by the hand. "Last time I turned my back you vanished. Let's not repeat that heartbreak." He winked as she blushed. She had no intention of bailing again. Seeing Margo and Maria totally nude outside of their heels Jeff bulged his eyes. Eric like Jeff was chuckling but nervous for all involved.
"Crazy bitches I swear." Jeff told Eric.
"Who? The girls or the guys?"
"Both! Oh! Eric? This is Yon." He introduced her to Eric formally. Smiling Eric was cordial, trying hard not to look down her cleavage at some pretty amazing 36C's. She knew and blushed, that would ever be a battle.
"You look nice." Eric offered up.
"My first time."
"Virgin?" Jeff grinned.
"Noooo!" She giggled, "Wearing such a short dress. In Korea we are more conservative. At least in my household. My parents would freak if they saw me wearing this."
"Better take it off then." Jeff winked, "Wanna dance?"
Eyes flaring wide Yon took another glare out to the fiasco brewing. Now that Margo and Maria were dancing naked, Trudy and her posse were bringing down their jeans for at least a halfway point visual. Pussies hidden still but from topless to pubes the gals were certainly doing their best to keep up. Garth said and done the band opted for a line dance song, Vince Gill's What the Cowgirls Do. So very fitting, like those jeans riding low, ass cracks smiling. Formations building to line up, Trudy's pussy posse placed their hands in their undone jeans and held the level at barely above their clitoral corral. Genius on their part.
Margo and Maria left Heath and Cabot holding their dresses and bolted into the gathering. Noticing Gwen at a loss Margo raced back to grab her away from Brian and drug her along laughing at being caught up in it all. Seeing the posse with their pants down Gwen laughed and gave in to the insanity. Unzipping her tight shorts she lowered them just as Trudy and her pearl girls had theirs. Being really short denim it was almost as if being nude. The dance floor was a riot of laughter as everyone joined in.
"I do not know how to dance." Yon told Jeff but found herself drawn into the midst of skin. Jeff keeping it clean to avoid overwhelming Yon just showed her how to do the line dance steps. She did her best giggling non stop as she met Gwen. Jeff introducing his sister made her feel good about his sense of family. Gwen welcomed Yon with open arms. Let the lines be drawn!
Eric all alone monitored the bouncers, there being four of them all wearing the same shirts saying Law Abiding on the backs. Obviously, they were bad law men in disguise letting the women go insane. It was a fucking good show though. Thing is he was feeling left out. Everyone had a girl but him. Pondering his employee Lisa and her Heckle & Jeckle tattoos he sighed. Maybe he should give her a chance. Even his sister Lily told him to go for it. Was he ready for a girlfriend? He had sex at his disposal with Margo so it wasn't as if he was lacking. "Grrrr!"
Yet another switch up on songs the band called Butterfingers chose Tracy Byrd's Watermelon Crawl hoping the sexuality on the floor might intensify. Everyone wanted more, the whole bar was crazy happy and the drinks were keeping the bartenders hopping to keep up. This being unusual for Fiddle Stix the revenue was definitely raking in the dough. Might be Margo Needy was a turning point for the bar.
Lines increasing at the induction of the new tune Margo paused and raced out to collect her son's by adoption and brought them into the battle zone. Making Heath and Cabot stretch out on their backs hoping not to get stepped on Margo took the lead and dropped over Heath and did her own version of the Watermelon Crawl by gliding over his body like a seductive worm. It reminded him of her Nuru massage weeks ago.
Maria not to be left out slithered over Cabot in similar fashion. Brian moving in front of Gwen laid out and put his arms behind his head. Gwen busted up and just said to hell with it and lost her shirt and shorts joining in on the festivities. Yon seeing this bulged her eyes...brother and sister? Jeff luckily kept her from running. She did her best to stay there for him.
Trudy and the ladies made the tough call and stopped dancing long enough to pull their boots and jeans off, their men reacting with dread at so much exposure. Forcing their men to the floor the club was full of naked beauties. Some couples although remaining clothed still laid out horizontally, electric sliding over their lovers. It was hot no matter what.
"Please do not undress me." Yon whimpered toward Jeff who was attempting to pull her to the floor with him. While fearful of losing her dress she had no issue with laying on top of him and gyrating about, his praise for her efforts giving her the much needed confidence boost to perform such a task.
"You do the rest your way. I'm going to just stare into those big beautiful eyes of yours." He smiled with a flirty sincerity, "I'm really glad you came back."
"So am I. You are...very handsome."
"Then get to know me better, outside of this crazy stuff going down." He chuckled.
"I would like that." She really wanted interaction with a man. She being 22 and having only been with one man ever, he from South Korea like her it was time. Slowly but hopeful she thought. If he could see behind her he would be privy to some pretty yummy cuisine. Yon Yoo had no panties on, only one person saw the view amid the chaos...Eric Crowe.
"Whoa! That's one killer twat! Lil' bushy but comes with the territory I guess." Tempted to take a cell photo for Jeff he noted a bouncer eying his consideration, not wanting this whole fiasco to get out. "Better not!"
While he put his cell away a woman stepped next to him gritting her teeth at the fun-loving streakers. A busty redhead looking about Margo's age, wearing tight jeans, a red and white plaid western shirt tied up into a bow just below her breasts, grit her teeth. No cowboy hat on to ruin her lengthy perm she shook her head just as one of the bouncers joined her. Eavesdropping Eric heard her say, "What the hell Opie Bradshaw? I leave for an hour and you let my bar go to Vegas?" Her bar? Whoa!
"Sorry Katarina we..." She palmed his mouth and just watched the sexual tension out on the floor. It was pretty steamy, Eric could tell even she was fanning her fires.
"...Got hard. I ain't stupid."
"Want us to put a stop to it?"
"Not yet! Look at the bar Opie. We're breaking bank."
"Laws too Ms. Pope." Opie regretted letting things get so far out of hand.
"We both know no cops are circling my ass." She swatted her knuckles on his bicep. "Long as things don't go full on orgy let 'em ride."
In that moment Eric had a burst of adrenalin. "Wanna dance?" He made his move on the club owner just to see her reaction. Sizing Eric up with a pucker she realized he was boasting a big boy behind his own jeans. While not dressed for riding the range he was pretty darn cute. She being older the whole MILF angle came into play, in her theory he was a YILF...a Youngun' I'd Like to Fuck.
"One condition." She winked at him, "I'm on the bottom of that crawl." His jaw dropped as Opie chuckled motioning them to the floor. Smirking he shrugged and took his shirt off tossing it at Opie.
"Hang on to my clothes." Katarina Pope stood there eyeballing Eric hurrying to get out of his shoes and jeans. Down to his boxers he froze a bit. Making a tsking noise Katarina just reached over and dropped his drawers, his pecker nearly clipping her nose. Standing up afterwards she hooked his arm and led him out on to the floor. Turnabout was fair play! Katarina was making a point.
With folks on the sidelines bellowing, "ONE MORE TIME!" The band went into overtime and started from scratch, that led the ladies into and even deeper flurry of hormonal energy. Trudy Purdette rolled on over on to her back, her perfect body full frontal. Margo seeing her followed suit, Maria, Gwen, the whole dance floor went on top missionary. The band could barely keep up for watching a sea of tits and twat. Even the lead singer chuckled into his mic, "This is the Poconos! Lovin' the mountain view Ladies." Laughter spread like wildfire.
Yon rising up to sit on Jeff's tented crotch looked about, falling behind the bevy of beauties. Looking pale she just laid back rather than rolling over, to Jeff's surprise he saw up her skirt. Yep! Bushy but damn yummy. As soon as Yon realized she was backwards she squealed and nearly kneed Jeff in switching positions in a blur, now back in synch laying face up on top of him. He decided to relax her by wrapping his arms over her chest and hugging her. Kissing her on the cheek she sighed and just remained lifeless. To Jeff it was perfect.
Dropping in near Margo and Heath, Katarina sprawled out and made a beet red Eric Crowe lay on top of her, dick straight in the air. Heath cracked up at his buddies predicament, the redhead was smoking hot though. Kat once coaxing Eric in curled her arms beneath his pits and clawed at his bare chest, her boots pinning his legs to hers. "How you doin' up there Big Dog?" She giggled.
"I was hoping to be facing you. Big dog hiding his tail between your legs." He laughed, his right profile toward her.
"Nights young Fido."
"You know I love chasing cats right?"
"Well...my name is Kat. Chase away Sugah!" He wanted to stroke his dick but her arms prevented it, her nails however teased as far across his abs as she could reach. Tangling fingertips in his pubes he just closed his eyes and mumbled, "Fuck!" She knew what she was doing.
"I'm so proud of Eric." Margo told Heath, "Do you want on top Master?"
"I thought this was freedom for a day."
"It is, but I like calling you Master."
"You're a better view on top." He chuckled squeezing her tits as she wiggled about. "Besides you want to be center of attention. Rub that clit and get the others in on it."
"Mmm!" Margo did just that her heels on the floor, legs wide nothing to hide. Just as Heath predicted the other ladies followed the leader, the enthusiasm was off the charts. Even Gwen dared to masturbate, of course she was making out with Brian while doing it so technically she didn't know the others were doing it yet. Shame on her! No wonder nobody was putting a halt to it.
Yon hissed at the newest turn of events and squealed. Tempted but unable to she felt Jeff slide his palm down her tight tummy over her dress until reaching her skirt. A single finger hooking the cloth drew her skirt up for all too see her thick bush. She mumbled her nerves with, "You must do it for me."
Oh it was on! Jeff's hand slid down her bikini area and began massaging her clit for her. That sudden spark made her crazy. By her own actions she pulled the dress straps from her shoulders and struggled a bit until her breasts popped free. Free at last! "I LOVE AMERICA!" They loved her back. Even louder cheers were circulating.
"Can't rub my own clit Big Dog. You being ante up, stroke that Shottweiler." Katarina laughed at her beefcake releasing his arms for better movement. Eric just said to hell with it and made it his mission to cum on the dance floor. Kat encouraged him along whispering sweet everything's into his ear. "Milk it Big Dog!" His groans raised a little hell until just as the song ended, then he nutted. Hand coated in white froth he brought his fingers back behind his head and dangled them in front of her face.
"Here Kitty Kitty! Want some cream?" He laughed. She went for them without any complaint. Sucking his fingertips dry Eric was feeling like a champ. Lisa who? He was going to frequent this establishment until the Kat hissed.
One last song, the band rose up just to see if the insanity could amplify any higher. Moving into Luke Bryan's song Country Girl. Hearing the lyrics saying, "Shake it for me girl. Shake it for me." Margo beat Trudy this round and rolled back over Heath and sat up on his legs and sent her tits into a turbulent dance. Posse hot on her heels the ladies sat up on their men and did the same. Trudy was giving Margo a trigger finger wink for being the instigator. Watching her feign riding Heath with her hands in her hair, the cowgirl hats were whipping into the air like rodeo star's gone wild.
Rolling over on Katarina, Eric straddled her gorgeous hips gripping his dick and once more began pumping his fist. Puckering at his stance she told him, "Better be longer than 8 Seconds Big Dog." She was the bull.
Watching him intently Kat decided to join the party the right way. Untying her bow and unbuttoning her shirt she let her massive 38D's out of the stall kicking and screaming for vengeance. "Get down here Big Dog." Realizing as she squeezed the sides of her tits what it was she wanted, Eric scooted forward and slid his dick between her cleavage. Smothering him from both sides he titty fucked her right in front of everybody. His, "YAAAAAWWWWHOOOOOO!" made everyone look.
Margo and Maria amused by Eric's interaction stepped up their own game. Maria taking the lead this time in unzipping Cabot's pants and digging for his erection. Cabot unsure just let it happen. In seconds he was getting a hand job. Margo didn't even have to help Heath, he rushed to keep up. Trudy and her girlfriend Dawnita took their cues and forced their men to comply. With so much going on their lovers had no fight in them. LET IT RIDE!
Hand jobs were everywhere. Even Yon found it in her to let Jeff bring out his hefty lefty, blushing at it's purple status. Tense moments of fear led her to finally take advantage of it, even with him saying, "You don't have to." She did it anyway. Once her fingers curled around his beast she couldn't stop jerking him, yet finally she did in exchange for something unexpected. Yon Yoo was on you Jeff Hancock.
Yep! Fingers off she was the very first to slip into the actual saddle. She crawled forth and mounted him letting out a deafening sigh at the thick cock sliding up into her overly tight pussy. NOW LET IT RIDE! YAW! YAW! Jeff was a prisoner to her eagerness, even her dress was tugged up over her head and discarded. Welcome to Pennsylvania, Miss Yoo.
Gwen totally into the ride now slipping on to fit into the crowd and proud was gyrating up a storm on Brian's cock. Leaning over him to hide their faces in her long blond hair she couldn't stop moaning. Own little world but Brian was all in. Balls deep every few seconds. She was already cumming on his thick juicy monster. Step by step! Her only words, "So crazy!" His more in line of, "God you're beautiful." Romeo was in the house. Juliet was on his balcony.
With the succumbing pussy posse riding hard gals were cumming up a bust storm, tits bouncing wildly in their frontier justice. Eying the new moves Katarina Pope told herself, "I just knew it'd become an orgy. Can't beat 'em...groin em." Look out Mister Crowe, the bird watcher was ready to raid your perch.
Slapping his hips she speaks up, "Hop up Big Dog." He winced being forced to stop jerking off, he wanted to paint her lily white tits with another coat of off white, those big pink nips like flowers needing watered. Once he crawled off letting her up, she whipped her shirt off and pointed for him to lay on his back. Standing up she ditched her boots and peeled her jeans off to a lacy pair of turquoise panties. Last to be removed she balled them up in her hand and sat down on his dick. A thin fiery strip of fur lining up with cock she felt his monster touch bottom, his scrotum crushing against her ass cheeks. Drawing down over him as he tilted his head back at her warm wet cunt sweeping his foreskin, Kat stuffed her panties into his mouth. Eyes bulging he laughed with his mouth full. The owner gave a brand new meaning to bar hopping. Nearly every gal on the floor was riding like the wind.
Song bailing on their fun the band drew a two second breath and switched it up. "This song's in honor of our gracious host." The singer chuckled. Not country they burst into Ted Nugent's song Cat Scratch Fever. Even Kat had to cast a thumbs up at her entertainment. Cum one cum all. Trudy was wailing up a storm even moving into reverse cowgirl so that Heath could witness her man's cock thriving and diving up inside her. Eye contact was made. Megan Fox was in the hen house but found the cock crowing.
The bouncers holding back watching both the orgy and the surrounding crowd found that even the sidelines were getting frisky. Girls were giving head to perfect strangers. Guys were sucking tits, and had hands down the fronts of many a cowgirl's jeans. The head bouncer Opie gave up on his fantasy girl Trudy and headed for the bar. With the festivities so distracting he had an alternative in mind. Behind the now lifeless bar was a short haired blond named Karla with tattooed sleeves and ornate shoulders. Moving behind the bar unzipping his fly Opie just took the girl, hot pants down in the blink of a thigh. His hands under her tank top palming her 36C's, the bartender took it from behind. She loved working at Fiddle Stix. Best tippers ever!
Nugent retreating back to the 1980's, the nearly exhausted band found a request step up with a worthy suggestion. Luckily they knew the tune. Agreeing it might be fun to see where it took the dance cards the guitars and keyboardist started the band out. A quieter tune but it was good considering things needed to wind down. Backroads by Ricky Van Shelton brought on mood swings. The guys wanting equal opportunity rolled their sluts over on to their bellies and goaded them into poising their asses in the air. Cheeks slapped aggressively the men vowed to take control. Doggy style! Hair pulled to show the gals who had the truck in the family, cunts were getting nailed hard. Heath Talbot? He hit the backroad proper, fucking Margo Needy up the ass. Cabot and Brian joining in with that option, Maria loving anal, Gwen...first time.
"MOTHERFUCKER!" Gwendolyn grew to love it.
Jeff and Yon kept it clean and he just rolled her over on to her back and...made love to her. Such a gent! Eric spinning Katarina around let her do all the work, doggy style for the Big Dog. Her kitty was chasing the dog, twerking up a whirlwind of cheeks. He just reared back and enjoyed the ho...show. Turbulent but so darn worth it, the guys were nutting in and on their gals. Christmas in the Pocohos!
Band wore out from far too many songs in a row strung a finality chord. "Need a breather folks. Pack of cigarettes too." The lead singer laughed. "We need beer." He looked out toward the bar to see Opie and Karla going at it still. Karla went so far as to pour a draft and toast the band between moans. Opie a ball of sweat took the mug from her and downed it himself. The band had to laugh.
The orgy relaxing, the girls pretty much remained nude even as their men got dressed. Potty breaks led the pussy posse to the little cowgirls room, Margo and Maria venturing there themselves. A long line of naked sluts stood waiting to get in and bantered amongst themselves. Trudy Purdette introducing herself to Margo called her out, "You're one ballsy bitch!" Bubbly at having so much fun Margo Needy reached behind her for traces of Heath's cum on her ass. Finger wet she brought it around and directly up to Trudy's lips.
"My son loves you." Margo giggled as Trudy went cross-eyed looking down at her sampler splatter.
"Son?" Trudy reeled back then took the bait sucking the fingertip. "Want some of my Daddy?" she spoke enjoying Talbot's taste immensely. Whirling around Trudy pointed at her own milky ass. Kneeling down Margo licked Trudy's bottom clean then stood up and whipped Trudy around to kiss her full on the mouth. Tongues entwining the bar room brawl was on. Dropping to the floor the two went full on 69 in front of everybody. In seconds the pussy posse chose partners and joined in on the crossroads. Maria and Gwen were taken down by Dawnita and another friend Kirstie. Katarina having slipped away from Eric moved up to the Katwalk of bodies and stepped over each until gaining easy access into the bathroom. The line evidently stopped at the door the restroom was empty.
Out on the floor the guys were fist bumping with literally every cowboy there for their mass achievement. Brian Hancock looking around for his brother winced, "Where's Jeff?" He and Yon were no where to be found. Had the Ninja taught Jeff a few tricks? Shrugging Brian noticed the 69er's and pointed them out. Like a herd of cattle the men raced to get up close for the new arena of bucking broads. Heath finding Margo on the bottom with Trudy on top stood next to Trudy's man Collier. Both puckering at their feasting fillies Heath dared to tell Collier his lady was fine, Collier admitting the same of Heath's gal.
"Wanna trade for five minutes?" Heath chuckled. Mulling it over Collier nodded, "I can do that." Heath taking the lead knelt in front of Trudy and gripped her by the hair pulling her tongue away from Margo's trickling snatch. "Hey there Miss Foxx, can I have your autograph? I have a penis." He had his dick out in two shakes and was smacking Trudy's lips with it. Taking the bait Trudy sucked him off.
Behind his girl Collier dropped his own trousers again and dangled his mighty eight down toward Margo's lips, she still devouring Trudy. Combining forces Collier slid his dick right between Margo's tongue and Trudy's cunt. Margo did the rest devoting talents to both he and Miss Purdette. Five minutes became seven as both Collier and Heath came, Trudy swallowing Heath's jizz and getting strands on her ass that Margo lapped off. Finishing Collier by sucking his dick Margo drained him dry. Returning to Trudy's pussy Margo polished her partner off in a wet squirt. Trudy taking over Margo assisted in a duel, Margo soaking Trudy's nasal passages. All around the girls, bitches were having orgasms, even Gwen while Brian watched her cum.
Cabot pulling Maria to her feet made out with her as guys rubbed her ass without permission. At the moment Cabot didn't care, nor did Maria, she knew the hands were not Cabot's. The attention was overwhelming.
Stepping out of the restroom fully dressed Katarina looked down at the pussy pathway and shook her head. "I was gonna offer free shots but it looks like the fellas beat me to it." Chuckles at every angle led her to go to the bar and get on the mic. Opie still tagging Karla even while she did her job was pretty entertaining. Sign of a darn good bartender mixing it up and shaking like a drink in a hurricane.
"Watermelon shots for everybody. EVERY BODY!" Kat emphasized. Let the body shots begin. Sticks were being fiddled with. Things eventually getting back to normal Brian led Gwen outside to make out and cool off. Cabot and Maria right behind them. Eric was already outside feeling smug at having fucked the club owner. He was definitely coming back.
"Still no Jeff?" Brian was getting worried. Suddenly, an echoing horn blared into the darkness. Sensing it was his truck Brian and Gwen went out to check. Seeing the shocks gently swaying Brian just knew. It was a HONKy Tonk! Cautioning Gwen to remain quiet they snuck up on the inhabitants to find Yon riding Jeff in the drivers seat. Tempted to scare them Gwen stopped Brian and coaxed him away. Jeff needed a girlfriend and they both knew it. Taking Gwen to the tailgate Brian silently unlatched it and brought it down. Gwen thinking he wanted to sit on it realized there was more to it. Brian had a twin bed mattress in the back.
"You think of everything don't you?" She whispered as he pulled her into him.
"Mostly you these days." Yep! Into the bed of the truck they went. She was made love to on that mattress with pure passion. The shocks were doing double duty.
Eric, Cabot, and Maria headed back inside to do some more dancing now that the band was back from relaxing. Finding Margo and Heath with Trudy and Collier just being all peaceful cozy, the group just listened to the music. Eric seeing Katarina helping out behind the bar he made his way up then realized he was going to have to order a soft drink. Wincing he dared to ask for more once he faced Kat. "Bud!" Meaning a Budwizzer! Eying him with a smirk Katarina winks at him, "That what we are Big Dog?" He seemed stunned by her question, he wanted a beer. Dawning on him her play on the word Bud he grinned, "As long as I can beat around your Anheuser-Busch."
"Did you see a bush?" She chuckled patting the bikini lines behind her jeans, hoping he had forgotten her brushfire. "I prefer mine Natural Light." The beer references were fun to goof around with. Eric nodded coming up blank on any further beer banter. "You got a nice Steel Reserve, Big Dog." She kept them cumming. Shrugging he threw his hands up laughing with her.
"Sorry! I got nothing."
Hearing Opie finally finish up with Karla, she screaming, he snarling and choking her from behind until every last drop was tickling her interior. Kat having given her a break leers over her shoulder at the spasms. "Never knew ole' Opie had that much energy. He's been tappin' that keg for a good forty."
"Mind if I...drop by again?" Eric laid out his desires.
"Once in a...BLUE MOON." She winked with another beer pun, "Couldn't help it. So you likin' us older gals?"
"Love peeling off the labels." He tried for swagger, "Meaning...age is just a label, right?"
"After hours next Saturday?" She offered along with a bottle of Bud, but withheld it playfully, "You drivin'?"
"Until dawn." He winked.
"Bud's then." She handed over the bottle. After an orgy on the premises without worry, one beer wasn't going to hurt. "On the house Big Dog."
"Rooftop next time?" He looks at the ceiling.
"Good thing I live upstairs." She had to get back to work, the line was growing. Eric swigged his beer and sighed. Lisa was back on his mind.
"Lisa is Jeckle and Kat is Heckle. Go figure!"
Last call!
After closing time the party went to Brian's truck, in, up against, and carefully on. Front seats, backseats, bed, and fender well. Yon? Long gone! Jeff and Eric just stood by and watched.
Both men looked at one another and said, "New girlfriend?" A dance of possibilities in their neck movements led to a distraction of screaming orgasms.
"Mom's awake." Eric smirked.
Gwen follows her lead crying out with a round of quaking kicks to the bed side shell.
"Sis is awake." Jeff added, then used his fingers to count to five in Spanish. On Cinco Maria wailed like a banshee.
"Dancing around the sombrero."
Peering around them Eric hears multiple screams from surrounding vehicles. The pussy posse was lighting up the lot. Seven other trucks had the same idea.
Blame it on Margo Needy. Mom knew how to party.
hONky tONk! bedONkadONk!
The shocks kept coming.