After a long, chilly day on the ski trails, Mark was ready and eager to hit the spa. It was an outdoor spa and conveniently attached to the hotel by a short walkway, which he dashed across in his white robe and sandals. An icy wind whipped around his bare legs. He signed in at the desk and walked right through the locker room, as he had already put his swimsuit on in the hotel room, eager to hit the various facilities.
Once at the outdoor complex, he headed to the nearest of several small sauna huts, hung his robe and entered the steamy hot cedar room. It was unoccupied so he pulled a flask from his pocket and had a good sip of strong bourbon. He closed his eyes and rested back, drinking in the heat.
Some time later, (had he fallen asleep?} the door opened and giggling voices were heard entering the hut.
"Ooh bonjour, hello!" one of the two women said to Mark as he groggily woke up. He greeted them in return. It was the two he'd smiled at as he first went into his hotel room. They were his hallway neighbors.
The two spoke to each other a bit in French, and laughed. The second woman apologized for speaking a foreign language in front of him. The first woman added, "Well, if you catch us speaking French again, you'll know we are talking about you. No?" And they both laughed at that. Mark did as well.
Pleasant conversation flowed in English for the next ten minutes or so. Mark found out that the taller of the two was Michelle, her friend; Anna. They were on an extended vacation in the Rockies, having flown from France a few weeks prior. He was getting the impression they were a couple, or at least very affectionate friends- correcting each other's English, touching each other often. Michelle suggested they hit one of the hot pools for a change of scenery. And off they went, apparently for now a trio.
Once they'd settled into the biggest pool, Mark remembered the bourbon in his pocket and offered it to the ladies. The naturally shaped pool was edged with large boulders and low shrubs and had a steaming waterfall at the dark end, where they chose to sit. Michelle happily accepted the flask and took in a good mouthful. She leaned over and kissed Anna deeply, sharing the whiskey.
"That is a lovely way to serve drinks!" Mark said with a broad smile.
"I can serve you that way if you're good." Michelle grinned back.
The women whispered to each other again in French, quietly laughing and looking at Mark. they seemed to reach an agreement on some matter, then shared a quick kiss.
Anna said, "Mark, both Michelle and I are happy to share drinks with you however you like. But you have to make us happy first. Do you like a challenge? A dare or two?"
Always up for an adventure, Mark replied in the affirmative.
"Tres bien! Give me your swimsuit." Anna said, no trace of a smile. Michelle however wore a sly smile and added, "Now."
Mark's heart leapt and he felt a rush throughout his body. He looked nervously around the spa area. It was dark out, and the winter air above the pools was thick with steam which was illuminated by several randomly placed lamps. There were a dozen or so people scattered about, but no others were in this particular pool. It seemed pretty private at the moment so he threw caution to the wind and pulled off his shorts, passing them as instructed to Anna. She bunched them up and put them in a soggy little purse she wore around her waist.
"Nice boy. For that you get a little sip from me." said Anna as she moved closer to Mark. "We must stand up for this." she stated. She stood up in the water, just up to her waist. "Quickly!" She added. Mark stood up too, but the water was somewhat lower than his waist. Anna whispered to Michelle something in French, and Michelle moved close and put one hand on his thigh. The other hand grabbed Mark's cock firmly and began squeezing and pulling.
"When you are hard, then you can have a drink." Anna told him.
He was standing in plain view, only hidden somewhat by the plumes of steam coming off the water. But the wind was clearing it away in unpredictable patches for brief moments. Anna slowly poured some bourbon into her open mouth while staring at Mark. She leaned in close with her mouth wide so he could see and smell the bourbon. Michelle steadily churned away at his cock which was getting noticeably firmer. Anna dipped a finger into her mouth and offered a drop to Mark. She pulled it back and gave the drop to Michelle instead, who eagerly licked the finger. "Not yet, boy!"- she spoke through a half full mouth. Michelle's earnest stroking had the desired effect; within a minute he was as hard as he'd ever been. Anna said "Good boy." and kissed him deeply, the bourbon mingling and running out of their mouths.
The stroking stopped as soon as Anna's kiss did. Both women laughed and chattered in French while all three sunk back down into the water. Mark thought that had been an excellent dare! No one had noticed them, between the swirling steam and the fact that it was all over so fast. His cock remained remarkably hard, not a surprise really, and he relished the feeling of being nude and aroused in the presence of these two exotic beauties. The women splashed each other a bit and chattered, moving away to the far edge of the pool as Mark did a few slow strokes through the water.
The fog billowed thickly just then and he lost sight of the women. But he could still hear them, some ten meters away he assumed. He slowly bobbed over to where they were by the steps. And then he couldn't hear them anymore. The fog parted and they were gone. So was his swimsuit, room key, and bourbon.
Mark's heart started racing again, this time for a different reason. He was certain that he had just been scammed, and that the ladies were on their way to his hotel room to clean him out. And he remembered the keys to his new car were in the room! What to do?! Could he dare a nude dash to the locker room? No, maybe just grab someone's towel or make a nude dash to the sauna where he could retrieve his robe. He couldn't see any towels that weren't sitting right beside a spa user. And there was a small group just walking into the sauna where he'd hung his bathrobe. He felt so extremely naked and foolish.
He steeled his nerve and gripped the handrail, ready to dash for the nearest towel, come what may. Just then he felt something soft hit the back of his head. It was a bikini top- Michelle's bikini top. He felt a sort of confused relief but didn't know from which direction it had come. Then Anna's bikini top, the tiny red one, landed just across the pool. He couldn't see where it had come from either, as the steam had once again billowed thickly up.
He liked the way this was suddenly looking. But was dismayed to see arriving through the haze a group of four, entering his pool. They kept away from him and were laughing and talking, obviously close friends, and apparently a bit drunk. Due to the rocky border around the pool, he was trapped because they were sitting right next to the steps.
Then he heard the girls sing-song voices, "Maaark! We're in the steam-roooom!" There wasn't much he could do, being trapped naked in the pool. And he didn't know which of the four small buildings beyond the pool was the steam-room.
He thought of a diversion, to gain him a moment to slip out and find the girls. He drifted closer and closer to the foursome, while gazing off in the fog. He dare not get any closer than a couple meters. Not only was he naked, but the thought of two bikini tops in his hand had made his cock grow partially hard again. He waited for a billow of steam then tossed a bikini top over the heads of the group. It landed just the other side of them and it instantly got their attention. They crowded around looking at it as Mark made his move, slipping quietly out of the water and disappearing into the steam, one bikini top still gripped tightly.
He decided to just walk to find the girls, rather than attract attention by running. It was difficult to see clearly anyways. Only if the patterns of steam changed would he be on full display. So he relied on luck and calmness to keep him undiscovered. He aimed for the nearest hut, hoping it was the steam-room where the girls were hiding. Just as he grabbed the outer handle he saw through the small window that a woman was reaching for the handle to come out. No time to think, he bolted into the next hut over and quickly pulled the door closed.
"What took you so long, silly boy?" asked Michelle, giggling. Anna added, "We were scared someone would come in before you brought back our tops!"
"Yeah, about that.. I only have this one." "I didn't see the other one." he lied.
Michelle scolded, "You need to go look for it. You have to leave in ten, nine, eight..."
"And don't come back without it or I'll throw your shorts over the fence" added Anna. Then she had a new idea. "Michelle mon cheri, start the countdown again. But this time start from, oooh... fifty."
"Okay mon chéri. Fifty. Forty nine. Forty eight..."
With that Anna grabbed Mark's cock and began stroking fast and firmly. She pulled tight on his balls with her other hand and stared into his eyes. Around twenty he was doubting if he would be able to resist coming all over her. But he did resist. Michelle's counting was inconsistent, slowing way down at times, making it very difficult.
"...Three and a half. Three. Two. One and a half. One... GO!"
By then he was dripping loops of precum and his legs were shaking. Anna stopped stroking, lessened her grip on his balls and said, "Go NOW! Get my bikini top. You have two minutes."
"Wait!" Michelle said, offering her hand. "Open your mouth and take these first. But remember, the clock is ticking." He did as told, but asked what it was only after he'd swallowed the two pills. "Oh, just some E, and a lovely viagra. Now you only have a minute and a half to fetch Anna's top."
He was still hard and dripping as he rushed out the door. But he had no plan and very little time. The steam was cooperating and hid his approach to the pool. He could just make out the bikini top through the haze, on the edge of the pool next to the small group. He wished his erection would go away, and decided to pack it up with snow to cool things down. While doing that he saw a small white towel lying there in the snow. Yes! He wrapped the frozen, crunchy fabric around his waist and his slowly softening cock, and trotted to the edge of the pool, one hand on the towel. Rather than engage in discussion with the foursome, he just snatched up the little red bikini top and hurried back to the steam-room. Mark felt rather bold having finally covered his nudity. They drunkenly called after him but he ignored them.
Anna and Michelle were quietly conspiring in French when Mark rushed back in.
"Très bien! Merci!" "Good boy!" "Wow, you did it!" He gave the bikini top to Anna, and Michele helped her tie it back on. Now both women were decent again. Mark was glad to be covered as well, although he had to keep a grip on the towel which was too small to tie at the waist.
"That was fun! But let's just enjoy the steam for awhile. No?" Michelle suggested. And so they did that, settling together on the cedar bench and drinking in the heat. The flask was passed between them until it was empty. Mark rested his head against the wall and closed his eyes.
The door opened and the two couples from the pool came in, chattering but keeping to themselves. They sat at the other end of the spacious room. One of the girls looked at Anna closely, recognizing her red bikini, and smiled.
Michelle said to Mark, "Be a dear and fetch us three drinks will you? And make them doubles, mon chéri."
"Just charge it to our room; 281." added Anna.
"My swimsuit?" asked Mark.
"No. No. No" they laughed in return.
So off Mark went, heading for the bistro upstairs by the check-in desk. Drinks seemed like a good idea, and easy enough. Wearing a towel wouldn't look too out of place would it? He was a bit concerned that the towel exposed his thigh right to the top when he took a big step. If someone was looking they would see he wore nothing but a towel. But all he need do was walk very slowly and it seemed okay.
The girls at the counter were really friendly, chatting and laughing with Mark as he ordered and waited for the drinks. He accepted a big cookie that was offered. Enjoying that, he suddenly realized that he needed both hands to manage carrying three drinks! And one was needed to keep the towel up. He could see the third drink being mixed so there was little time. He looked around the gift area, hoping to find a pin or string or something to use. No luck.
"Your drinks are ready." he heard. While walking back to the counter he thought of the obvious solution.
"Do you have a tray I could put them? I'm rather clumsy."
"Oh sure no problem." as she put the drinks on a small plastic plate. "Here you go".
She handed the loaded plate to him and he accepted with his free hand. Smiles and thanks and he went back downstairs to head out to the spa. Negotiating the drinks and the stairs made him realize the bourbon and the ecstasy were starting to kick in. Once at the door, he stopped. It swung inward and he had no idea how to open it- with one hand holding drinks, and one holding his modesty. He tried pressing his hip against the door frame, thereby holding up the towel. And he popped the door open, holding it with his now free hand. Just then a sexy thing in a shocking bikini tried to walk through, saying "Thanks!" It appeared that Mark was holding the door open for her. But his arm was in her way and it got rather awkward right away.
"Ummm. Can I get through?" she said.
"Oh s-sorry" he stammered. He couldn't just let go of the heavy door as it would swing into her. He couldn't step out of the way because the towel would drop.
"I'm sorry. I have a bad back!" was all he could think of, although it made no sense.
She gave him a weird look and pushed the door open herself, walking through. He quickly got a grip on his towel and walked out into the spa area before the door closed. The drinks wobbled precariously on the little plate.
About half way back to the steam-room he ran into Anna, now in a bathrobe.
"Bonjour!" she said with a big grin. "I was just up in your room."
"What the.. why?!"
"Ooh I only dropped off your swimsuit and had a look around. I found a better one for you." She was giggling now. She reached for a drink, causing the plate to tilt unexpectedly, and took a sip. A little spilled down her chin. So she grabbed the bottom edge of Mark's towel and used it to dab flamboyantly at the drips on her chin. He almost lost his grip on the fabric as she tugged on it. This left his nudity in plain view to about half the spa, if anyone was looking.
A mischievous look came across her face, as she put her drink back on the plate. Mark nervously looked around as she re-positioned herself to block the view, while she reached inside of his towel. He felt dizzy as she squeezed then tickled the end and underside of his cock with her fingernails until it was once again painfully hard. He remembered the viagra now.
Satisfied with her quick handiwork, she said "Let's get these drinks back to Michelle." She pivoted and jogged off to the steam-room, leaving him with a prominent bulge in his towel. He lowered the tray of drinks as far as he could and hoped this would provide enough cover as he awkwardly made his way up the foggy path.
When he got to the door he was faced with a familiar problem- how to open the door with no hands free. This door swung a different way than the last one, so using the frame to hold up his towel wouldn't work, it was on the wrong side. He briefly struggled with it.
"A little help here?" he voiced at the door.
"Just drop your towel and come in! Leave it outside. There's nobody here now but us." answered Michelle. So he dropped it, kicked it away from the door, and hurried inside.
He was greeted by whistles and hoots from more than two women. The two from the pool were there as well! The men were gone and it was just him, naked and hard in a steamy room with four lovely women sitting together at the far end.
"What the hell? You said... "
"I know what I said. There IS nobody here but us girls, right?. Their boyfriends went to have some drinks. They should be gone awhile. Now come sit, bring our drinks over"
He walked over, well aware of the eyes on him. With all of the attention, bourbon, ecstasy, and viagra, it felt like his erection was just getting fuller and harder. It was starting to ache. He sat down between them all. Anna took the tray from him and set it down.
"You mentioned you had a different swimsuit for me, Eve?"
"Yes. But you can't have it yet. We have come up with a game. If you win, you get the swimsuit. But if you lose... " The women whistled and ooh la la-ed.
"Please, stand here right in front of us." Michelle said. He did as asked, facing the four ladies.
"Now put your hands behind your back." He did that, and one of the new ladies went behind him tied his hands using the sash from Anna's robe. Michelle held his drink up, put the straw in his mouth and said, "Drink this until it is gone." He did.
"Here are the rules." said Anna, as everyone laughed.
"We each will take turns giving your cock twenty strokes. When you are just about to orgasm, say 'Mercy'. We have to really believe you are close, and want to see trembling and dribbling. When this happens we'll give you a moment, then start again, until you have cried mercy ten times."
And that is how it went. By the tenth time Mark called for mercy, a little semen was running from his cock to his balls. One of the new ladies licked her hand and said they'd better go catch up to their men, and they left giggling. Anna told him to lift one leg then the other, and helped him put on the promised swimsuit. He was surprised to see it was his skimpy, white bikini briefs that a former girlfriend had once given him; very form-fitting man panties, likely from a gay men's store. He was sure that his erection wouldn't fit inside. And he was dismayed to see that the unlined fabric was now mostly transparent when wet.
"Oh that looks so cute on you, no?" Michelle said as she rearranged the skimpy fabric to contain his erection, but just barely. "Anna and I are are leaving now. We have your key and will amuse each other in your room while we wait for you to join. But you stay in the spa for one hour, and be sure to use every sauna and pool here. So everyone has a chance to see you." Anna untied his wrists and added, "And bring a bottle of bubbly with you, mon chéri."
They each kissed him on the cheek. The steam and cool air billowed in as they walked out, disappearing in the haze.