This is a submission for the 2020 Literotica Nude Day Contest.
Meet Kayleigh, Charlie and Victoria. It starts slowly, but if you stick with me until the end, I'll try make it worth your while.
****
KAYLEIGH
Her hands tremble as she holds the bath robe closed over her naked body while she stares at the plain white door in front of her.
"Ms O'Connor, if you could please hand me the robe and enter the room we can get started. Either a colleague or I will knock on the door in 4 hrs once its complete," says a tall woman in a white lab coat. Her fingers push up her glasses as she looks at Kayleigh calmly and adds, "Do you have any final questions before you enter?" She taps her pen impatiently on the clipboard.
Kayleigh's grip on the robe tightens, and with slightly wild eyes she asks for the hundredth time, "So all I have to do is be naked and stay in that room for 4 hrs. That's it? I don't have to do... do anything ... and I'll get £10,000?" Nervously she brushes some loose strands of her long strawberry blonde hair behind an ear before she asks quietly, "What will I find in the room?"
The researcher stops tapping her pen and gets a stern look. "Ms O'Connor, as I have already explained we are doing a social experiment. I cannot tell you what's in the room as that would invalidate the experiment." Her eyes soften slightly, and she puts a reassuring hand on Kayleigh's arm, "Kayleigh, I promise you that we will do nothing physical to you in there. We will just be observing how you behave whilst naked in a confined space. After two hours you will hear the door unlock, if you no longer want to complete the experiment you can leave at that point, but you won't get any of the money." She pulls the cheque out of her pocket as a tangible reminder, "Or you can stay the full 4 hrs and walk straight to the bank to cash this cheque in your name."
With a gentle nudge she pushes Kayleigh towards the door, "Once you hand me the robe and open the door the experiment will begin. This is your last chance to take part as we really need to get started."
"Ten thousand pounds, ten thousand pounds..." Kayleigh mutters to herself as her trembling hands loosen and slide the robe off. A shiver runs over her as the cool air of the room caresses her naked curves, her nipples embarrassingly hard. With a squeak she leaps to open the door and dives into a dark room.
CLICK.
Kayleigh jumps as the door locks behind her. Her heart is hammering. "Oh fuck, what have I agreed to?" she asks herself. She spins around to try the door handle but achieves nothing except rattling her own nerves.
Its pitch black. With her back pressed against the door, she starts to wave her hands around frantically to feel if there's anything in front of her. All her senses are heightened as she tries to get any clues about what's in here with her.
The floor is cold and hard under her feet, concrete perhaps? Her ragged breathing sounds like thunder crashing against her ears as she strains for other sounds. Every movement of air feels like invisible fingers brushing her ass cheek, her throbbing nipples, her wet pussy. Each touch making her jump and wave her hands around more to make sure there is no one there.
She licks her dry lips and whispers, "There's nothing there," to reassure herself. Her voice seems to echo slightly. She holds her breath to see if anything replies back... and then laughs nervously at herself. They promised there wouldn't be anything in here which would hurt her physically.
She stretches out a long, slender leg and tentatively takes a step forward and the room starts to lighten. As she starts to see shapes, she leans forward. "What is that?" she thinks to herself.
As the lights brighten to full strength she screams, her hands springing up instinctively to cover her ample breasts and exposed pussy.
*****
CHARLIE
Charlie looks down at the ridiculous fluffy bath robe he's in and sinks dejectedly into the chair. He wriggles around a bit until he finds a comfortable position where his junk isn't touching the plastic chair.
"Why the hell did they give me a woman's bath robe?" He thinks yet again as he irritably pulls the short robe down to stop from flashing anyone who walks past. With a depressed sigh, he thinks about how he got here as he waits for the lab coat woman to come back.
Ironically, he was sitting in a very similar position -- clearly with more clothes on - a week ago when a flyer was thrust into his face by an enthusiastic woman.
"You look like you can do with some easy cash, here you go." She giggles, "Who am I kidding, we're university students, we could ALL do with extra cash!"
He peers up at her through a curtain of his dark brown hair and mindlessly takes the flyer from her as she bounces away to find her next victim. He shoves it into his coat pocket without reading it and looks back at the letter in his lap in despair.
"We regret to inform you that you will need to find alternative accommodation for the rest of the academic year as we close off the student hostel for extensive renovation. The money put towards student housing will be credited towards alternative campus accommodation or next year's costs. We regretfully will not be able to pay this out as a cash lump sum."
He runs his hand through his wavy hair in frustration as he shuffles through the other papers in this lap. There is no student housing available, so he's spent all morning looking for private accommodation in the centre of London. He hadn't really appreciated how EXPENSIVE private renting is in London. As the academic term has already started the pickings are slim in the area around his campus -- if he could afford it -- and those that he can find all insist he signs a lease for a year and puts a down payment of six months' rent as he has no guarantor. That's almost £6,000! He's on an engineering scholarship, and the money he makes from the part-time job at the local bar could barely cover monthly rent, let alone the down payment. He studiously avoids thinking about his family helping.
Her words finally break through the fog of despair, and he fishes out the crumpled flyer.
"Do you want to make the easiest £10,000 of your life? The Psychology Department need volunteers for a social experiment they are running. All you need to do is commit to 4hrs with the research team. Call Dr. Masters, Head of the Social Psychology Department to find out more."
His lips thin grimly as he pulls out his phone and dials the number on the flyer. He's run out of options.
*****
"Sorry to keep you waiting Mr Moore. I just had to get one of our other volunteers settled."
Charlie looks up at the research woman who brought him here. Despite the clinical white lab coat, and no-nonsense tight ponytail, he can't help noticing what a fine body she has. Her shirt is unbuttoned enough that he can see the lace of her bra peeking out when she leans forward.
"Shit," he thinks as he feels himself getting hard. He stands up hastily and pretends to adjust his robe to cover it up. He's silently cursing the world and himself for his dry spell with women making him fucking horny as hell right now.
She smiles coyly at him before saying, "If you could please hand me the robe and enter the room we can get started. Either a colleague or I will knock on the door in 4 hrs once its complete, and you will receive your money then. Do you have any final questions before you enter?"
"No," he mutters as he pulls off the robe and hands it over. She brazenly gives his athletic body an appraising look as she takes his robe. Her hand lightly brushed his as she does, and she smirks as his hard cock jumps in excitement. He spins quickly in embarrassment and tugs the door open before hastily stepping through; his stomach a churning knot of anxiety.
As the door locks behind him, he closes his eyes and leans back, knocking his head against it in frustration. "Why do I have to be so fucking awkward around women?"
*****
KAYLEIGH
As the lights brighten to full strength Kayleigh suddenly realises what she was looking at, a busy street where a group of men are staring in at her through a giant window. She screams in surprise and her hands spring up instinctively to cover her ample breasts and exposed pussy. She looks around in a panic for somewhere to hide.
One of the men whistles and says lightly, "I'd bang that." His friends laugh and some start making obscene gestures in agreement as they walk away grinning.
Kayleigh is ready to sink into the floor and die of embarrassment. "Those fucking bastards," she thinks, "They never said I would be a fucking SPECTACLE for the public as they walk past."
With growing horror, she takes in the details of her new environment. It's a narrow, long room with one of the walls as a giant ceiling-to-floor window looking out on street level. In the centre of the room facing the window is an ornate chaise longue sofa, upholstered in lush purple velvet. To compliment this royal theme, the wall behind the sofa is a giant photograph of a room in a palace. There's a name printed in gold as a banner at the top of the photo.
"It can't be," she whispers in shock. She looks more closely at the busy street. "Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god," Kayleigh is starting to hyperventilate. "I'm standing naked in the display window of Harrods, the most famous department store in London."
Her head is spinning and her whole body is trembling in shock. As someone else looks into the window she drops to the floor and curls into a ball. Sobs start to wrack her body as she realises that hundreds of people are going to see her naked before her can escape this nightmare.
*****
CHARLIE
Charlie's eyes snap open when he hears a girl giggling; his hands instinctively jumping to cover his boner. His eyes widen in shock as he sees a group of teenage girls pointing at him and giggling, before running off.
"What the fuck..." he splutters as he takes in the room -- the weird purple couch, the photo wall of some palace, the name 'Harrods' printed at the top, and finally back to the giant display window -- he stares mutely at the people walking past on the street, his dick forgotten in his hands.
A surge of anger goes through him at being played for a fool by those lying research assholes. He completely loses his shit as he starts pounding on the door, "What the fuck do you think you're playing at? Open this door right fucking now! You can't fucking do this to me!"
He screams obscenities and pours all his energy on breaking down the door for a long while before he sinks to the floor in defeat and sits staring dejectedly at the pedestrians walking by.
A group of men walk past looking keenly through the window. As they look at him, he hears one of them say sarcastically, "Look at the muscles on that looser." As they continue walking by laughing, Charlie can't take it anymore and stands up. With his fists bunched in a rage, he stalks towards the window screaming, "Fuck you assholes! I'd like to see your small dicks on display for others to laugh at," as he punches the window by one of their heads.
*****
VICTORIA
Victoria takes a final drag on her cigarette as she spots her roommate, Anita, waving at her across the road. With a quick glance at the traffic, Victoria saunters over, her skin-tight dress caressing her model's body, her nine-inch heels beating a steady rhythm on the pavement. She blows a kiss at a businessman gawking at her, and he guiltily scurries away as she laughs.
"You're late," Anita says icily as she opens the door to the building and leads Victoria in.
"Relax Anita, it's not like they're going anywhere. And what the fuck is up with the lab coat? You're a Psych student, not a chemist," she adds, checking out Anita's outfit.
Anita rolls her eyes and laughs. "It's the Professor's idea. People are psychologically keyed to view people in lab coats as respectable, intelligent but emotionally distant. So, they're more likely to trust us enough to overcome their natural shyness at being naked in front of strangers but turn on us the second they think we've betrayed them."
Victoria shakes her head in amazement, "And they say I'm fucked up because I take my clothes off for money."
Anita says nothing as she leads Victoria to the control room. "In here we control what pedestrians see when they look in the shop window. See this Calvin Klein underwear advert? That's currently being displayed on Charlie's window so we can get random members of the public to look appreciatively into the window, tricking him into thinking he can be seen. You see that group of men walking past? They're actors we hired to say lines we feed them through the mic as they walk past the real display windows at Harrods. Shh, listen."
A bored looking man in the control room is staring at two camera feeds as he leans into the mic in front of him. "Team 1, look at display 2, point at the Calvin Klein model and say, 'Look at the muscles on that looser.'"
Victoria looks on in amazement as the scene plays out, watching as Charlie starts swearing at the actors. A huge smile grows on her face, "I think I'm going to love this game," her voice purrs.
Anita leads her to a small room to the side of the control room. "And here's your office for the day. This button unmutes the mic to Kayleigh's room, and this one Charlie's. You can tune into what they're saying here. And you can flip this switch and they'll be able to hear each other. We'll leave it up to you to decide when to interfere. Put this headphone mic on and you and I can stay in contact throughout."
Victoria sits back with a smile, watching the two camera feeds intently.
*****
CHARLIE
"Fuck you assholes! I'd like to see your small dicks on display for others to laugh at," Charlie screams as he punches the window by one of the men's heads.
They don't even flinch at the sound. Charlie staggers back cradling his hand, frowning at the window. "I can hear them talking, so they should have fucking heard that." Intently, he puts his hands out and starts examining the window carefully.
He taps it again experimentally, and then a huge smile blooms on his face. He stands up and waits for the perfect moment. As a serious businessman stops to stare into the window while he talks on his phone, Charlie turns around and presses his naked ass into the glass right in front of the man's face.
Nothing. No reaction.
"You sneaky fuckers," Charlie mutters in grudging admiration. He starts laughing. He feels a tingling rush of relief. "Oh, thank god," he thinks. As the relief washes over him, its followed by a strange sense of power, knowing he's hidden from view, able to observe everyone as they walk by. He can do ANYTHING, and they wouldn't even know.
His cock starts to get hard at the thought. "Fuck this feels surreal," he thinks to himself as he starts to stroke his cock, enjoying his room with a view.
A gorgeous brunette pauses in front of his window to use the reflection as a mirror to adjust her dress down to show more cleavage, before she turns laughing to join her girlfriends as they head off shopping.
Charlie's hand picks up speed as he thinks about her and if she's going to get laid tonight. He thinks about pulling down that dress further until her nipples pop out and his hungry lips can suck them while he plays with himself. It's such a fucking rush to watch and fantasise about people like this.
Suddenly he hears a woman's voice coming from speakers in the ceiling. He freezes.
"Is this what you assholes want to see," a rich soprano voice shouts, "Well I hope you enjoy the fucking show because I sure as fuck am going to enjoy myself."
The most incredible moans echo through the room.
"Hello. Is someone else there?" he calls hesitantly. He shouts louder but either she can't hear him over her own pleasure, or it's just a one-way mic.
His cock has been getting painfully hard in his hands listening to her. Her ragged breathing tightens something primal in him and he starts to stroke himself in rhythm with her. "Oh fuck," he groans to himself as he hears the distinct sound of her fingers pumping into her very wet pussy.
"Oh yeah, do you want to fuck me. Do you like watching, imagining I'm your dirty slut? Do you want to put that throbbing dick in my wet cunt?" Her voice is soaking in lust. She's clearly lost herself in the moment, imagining the men walking past can see her. Her voice starts to rise again; she's getting close to cumming. "Oh yeah, fuck me. Fuck me harder!" she moans deliriously, her fingers pumping into herself hard and fast.
Charlie's lost himself in the sound of her voice. His fist is pumping furiously; his hand pressed against the glass as his glazed eyes watch people walk by in a blur. He's never been this turned on in his life. "Oh, fuck yeah..." he grunts as he cums explosively on the window, painting a woman walking past in jets of his thick cream. "Oh god..." he moans as it keeps spurting out in chorus with her sighs of satisfaction.
"Oh my god... is ... is someone masturbating in here?" a new female voice says in disgust.
*****
VICTORIA
With a cheeky grin she slides up her dress and pulls down her underpants. As Charlie starts playing with himself, she joins along. When she's ready, she turns on the mic to his room.
"Is this what you assholes want to see," she screams dramatically. "Well I hope you enjoy the fucking show because I sure as fuck am going to enjoy myself." And she starts sliding her fingers along her wet pussy and tweaking her nipples, moaning loudly into the mic.
As she rides the waves of her pleasure, she keeps a keen eye on Charlie and a wicked grin blooms on her face as he looks ready to cum alongside her. Quickly she flicks the switch so Kayleigh can hear him cum in all his glory. Victoria giggles delightedly at his expression as he hears Kayleigh's shocked voice. It's fucking priceless. She needs to ask Anita if she can get a screenshot of it to have as a keep sake from today.
"You know you didn't need to actually play with yourself, you could have just acted." Anita's dry voice comes through on her headphones.
"Why should they have all the fun," Victoria says mischievously in reply as she slides her panties and dress back into place. "Besides, as my customers will attest to, I'm all about realism in my performances."
*****
KAYLEIGH
She's finally cried herself out, and she sits up exhausted. With a resigned sigh she turns to look at the window. A spark of anger flares in her at them putting her in this situation. She winces slightly as she thinks about how she's going to explain this to her supervising attendant at the hospital she's currently in training at to be a nurse.
Kayleigh grits her teeth and stands up defiantly, her fists balled at her side. She marches to the sofa and sits down stiffly, glaring at anyone who makes eye contact with her. She sees naked bodies all day as part of her nursing work. It's ridiculous that this is so uncomfortable. And she needs the money, she reminds herself bitterly as she thinks about her 5yr old daughter waiting for her mom to come pick her up from gran's house.
Despite herself, Kayleigh finds herself rubbing the soft velvet of the sofa appreciatively as she sits there thinking. It feels incredible brushing against her skin: so comforting, so caressing.
"Well, if I'm going to be the main attraction I might as well get comfortable," she thinks as she stretches out on the sofa. Stubbornly, she rolls so her back is towards the window. "Fuck them," she thinks spitefully as she buries her face in the velvet folds of the back of the couch.
"Mummy look it's a painting of a naked lady! I can see her bottom," Kayleigh hear a young girl cry out. Her mother mumbles something about classical art and she clearly tries to get her daughter moving again. "She's pretty. I like the colour of her hair," the young girl says as she fades away.
A small smile drags at the corner of Kayleigh's mouth. Children are lovely, she thinks. The girl's words make her curious to see who else is walking past. If they can look at her, she sure as fuck can enjoy staring back at them.
She rolls over on her side with one of her long slender legs tipped forward to hide her pussy, as she watches people walk by. Her gorgeous long strawberry blonde hair framing her shoulders and curves, with stray wisps curving against the skin of her soft breasts as they peek out from her tightly crossed arms.
To the public walking past the window all they see is The Rokeby Venus painting, by Diego Velázquez. But to the researchers, Kayleigh does indeed look like an exquisite living painting, her pale skin shining against the royal backdrop.
Something about watching people smiling and pointing at her in admiration starts to loosen the knot of anxiety in her stomach. Slowly her arms start to loosen, and then uncurl until her hard nipples are uncovered, pointing unabashedly at their adoring public. With each movement she makes, her soft skin rubs against the velvet, making her more and more aroused. A small voice in the back of her mind has to admit she's so turned on right now, and her slight readjustments on the sofa have more to do with her secretly trying to rub her wet pussy, than any real need for comfort.
Kayleigh grabs a length of her long hair and artfully drapes it over her front as she tries to hide the hand that slips between her legs. Her back arches involuntarily as her finger brushes the top of her wet slit. She stares intently at the pedestrians to see if anyone noticed. Nothing. She smiles at getting away with something so wicked in public.
Slowly she works her hand in deeper. A sensual moan escapes her lips as a deep red flush wash over her gorgeous breasts. They're the only indicators that she's found her clit. As she starts to circle and press harder against that nub, her shyness starts to melt away.
She rolls more onto her back and opens her legs to get better access. One of her hands reaches up to squeeze her breasts, playing with her nipples. With a soft moan her back arches completely off the sofa, as her legs stiffen, and she reaches her climax.
Kayleigh falls back into the warm embrace of the velvet, completely satisfied. "Oh... wow," she thinks. "It's been too long. Fuck that felt good."
Ever since her boyfriend walked out on her when he found out she was pregnant, Kayleigh's been in a state of never-ending panic. Suspending her studies for a year, moving in with her mother, figuring out how to care for a helpless new life while balancing studying and earning a living. Men and sex have been the absolutely LAST thing she's needed in her life.
As the post-orgasmic bliss starts to wash away, Kayleigh suddenly remembers where she is. Her eyes widen in panic as she stares at the window. And then she breathes a sigh of relief; no one seems to have noticed. She just had her first orgasm on a public stage. "Oh my god," she thinks, blushing beautifully.
Emboldened by her successful escapade, Kayleigh stands up confidently, stretching the kinks out of her muscles. She feels so alive right now; excitement and energy coursing through her. She decides to explore the room a bit more. Perhaps there's things hidden out of sight.
It's several minutes later when she makes her first discovery. There is a slight dent in the wall that when pressed lifts a panel to reveal a toilet. "Oh, thank god," Kayleigh thinks, "I was starting to panic about what I'd do after 4hrs in here."
As she steps into the tiny cubicle and sits down, she suddenly realises there's no way to close the door for privacy. Everyone walking past can see her peeing. She's caught in a moment of indecision. Her face is burning red as she finally let's her stream go. The sound of droplets hitting the toilet only make her feel more mortified.
As she finally wipes herself dry, she looks up to see a businessman looking at her with a sneer of disgust on his face. Shame washes over her, followed by a wave of rage. He looks just like her Ex, that pretentious, limp-dicked, worthless excuse for a man. "Fuck you, you judgement prick!" she shouts at him. So many more words want to pour out that she chokes on her rage. "All men are assholes," she thinks irrationally, her fists clenched at her sides.
It is of course at this moment that she hears Charlie jacking himself off and then cumming loudly. "Oh my god... is ... is someone masturbating in here?" she blurts out in shock.
She can hear his breathing change, shocked at her catching him in the act. "Oh shit... I'm sorry," he mutters hoarsely. "I ... I didn't know anyone else was listening."
Kayleigh's face scowls in irritation, "This is a social experiment, there's a room full of research people listening," she replies sarcastically. And then her own words hit her. Oh, shit they would have heard and seen her masturbating as well! She feels like someone's thrown a bucket of icy water in her face. She's ashamed that she's telling him off for doing the same thing she was doing not a short while ago. How could she have forgotten they're recording every detail of this? She feels like such an idiot.
"I wasn't the only one enjoying myself," he mumbles back defensively.
Kayleigh's back stiffens. Oh god, please tell me he didn't hear me earlier.
*****
CHARLIE
Being caught in the act has definitely ruined his buzz. The experience transports him back to his 13-year-old self being caught by his mom while he was jacking off in this room. His dick shrivels at the memory.
He would sink his head into his hands and pray for death, but they're currently covered in his thick cum. Yeah, he really didn't think this through. He glances at the sofa and contemplates using it as an unofficial cloth.
But she's distracting him with her conversation and her sarcastic comments are making him feel defensive, so he adds sullenly, "The other woman really seemed to get off on the illusion we're being watched by the public."
The silence seems to stretch for a long time.
"Other woman?" she adds.
He frowns, why does she sound happy that there's another woman?
"What do you mean ILLUSION of being watched? Are you not also in a display window at Harrods?"
A smug smile blooms on Charlie's face at knowing something she doesn't. "Oh, haven't you figured it out yet? It's a one-way mirror. They can't see us."
There's more shocked silence. "Bullshit," she says, but there's a note of doubt in her voice.
"I'll prove it to you. Go stand in front of the window and when someone is really close to the glass press your ass against it and see if they react."
Silence.
And then with mutters of irritation, he hears her footsteps. He knows she's done it when he hears the unmistakable squeaking sound of skin being rubbed against glass. The image he has in his head of this prime and proper woman rubbing her naked ass in someone's face is too much for him. His hands shoot up to cover his mouth as he stifles a laugh. Too late he remembers the sticky cream on his hands.
"Those scheming, lying, bunch of... of... nutsacks!" she screams.
He can't help himself; he starts laughing at how angry she sounds, at the fact that he now has cum all over his face, at the whole ridiculous situation of having a conversation with a random woman while we're both naked. Huge, bellyful, howls of laughter. He's laughing so much there are tears in his eyes. And the worst part is that the moment wasn't even that funny, but the laughter helps him relieve some of the tension and anxiety he's had about everything.
There's silence on her end for a moment, before the infectious laughter pulls her in and she is laughing as hysterical as he is.
When the laughing fit finally subsides, he starts paying attention to the fact that he has managed to smear his cum all over himself. "Oh, for fuck sake! Why the hell isn't there a bathroom in here," he splutters out in irritation.
She's still breathless with laughter as she says, "There is a bathroom. It's hidden in the back wall. You need to find a small indent in the wall and press it."
Charlie feels both immensely relieved, as well as slightly ashamed at the fact that she volunteered that information without rubbing his face in it -- pun intended - while he had to be a dick about her not knowing about the one-way window. He resolves to try a bit harder to get to know her.
After a few false starts he finally finds the hidden button, and the toilet and tiny sink are revealed. This a big sigh of relief he starts to wash his hands, his face, and anywhere else he's touched. As he steps towards the toilet to relieve himself, he suddenly freezes. Oh crap, she's going to hear him going to the toilet.
"You still there?" he asks tentatively.
"Yeah," she says with a smile in her voice. "I'm enjoying mooning everyone who walks past. It's actually highly therapeutic."
He laughs. Perhaps she isn't as stuck-up as he first thought.
"Umm," he says awkwardly, "I... umm... have to go to the toilet. Ahh... do you mind turning on the tap on your side, so you don't hear me as much?" He scrunches up his face in embarrassment. How to impress a girl you just met: step 1, cum loudly when she least expects it; step 2, take a piss while she listens. Jeez could it get any worse.
"Oh, of course. I know how you feel, I thought I was being watched earlier. One sec," she says as she turns the tap on. Charlie does the same on his side, before gratefully relieving his bladder.
*****
Kayleigh
She is LOVING the fact that people can't see her. The surge of relief has made her legs weak and she'd collapsed on the floor, laughing, crying in happiness that her life wasn't over.
With a new lease of life, Kayleigh is enjoying every moment of mooning all the pedestrians as they walk past. She has never felt as liberated as she does right now; dancing naked in front of an unsuspecting audience, not giving a shit about how she looks.
"You still there?" he asks tentatively.
She stops in mid frolic. She'd almost forgotten he was there. She blushes as he asks for her to turn on the tap so he can take a pee. It's a good reminder to them both that someone is actively listening.
Once he's finished, they both agree to explore the walls and see if they can find any other hidden compartments. She realises she knows next to nothing about this man, so to pass the time she asks, "So what do you do for a living? When you're not locked up naked in a department store, that is!"
Too late she realises how personal that question is, especially given how they've met. "Sorry! I didn't mean to pry. You don't have to answer I was just... I'm a student nurse in a London hospital. Next year I'll be qualified."
She can hear him moving around a while before he replies distractedly, "I'm studying civil engineering at a London university. It's my final year."
She hears a scuffing noise before he shouts excitedly, "I've found a box with some stuff. Check your room, bottom right-hand corner near the window."
She rushes off to search and kicks herself for missing it. As she presses the hidden release, she pulls out a box and eagerly peers inside. Her mouth drops open as she pulls out a dildo, some lubricant, and a random bottle just labelled, "Drink me."
"What's in yours?" he asks excitedly.
She blushes as she replies, "A random bottle and... some toys." She doesn't elaborate on what type of toys.
*****
CHARLIE
He looks in his box and pulls out the bottle labelled "Drink me" and cracks open the cap and sniffs. As he takes a quick swig, he chokes slightly. Whisky, strong whisky.
His eyes widen as he pulls out the rest of the stuff out of the box: some tissues and a large bottle of lubricant. "Humm, I wonder what the researchers are expecting us to do with our free time," he thinks sarcastically.
As he asks her what's in her box, her bland description of 'toys' tells him all he needs to know about what she has.
CLICK.
The sound makes his head whip towards the door. The voice of the lab coat woman comes on over the speakers. "This is your two-hour point. The door has been unlocked and will remain so for the next 5 minutes, after which point it will lock again and only open when the experiment is complete. Please remember if you leave now you will not receive the money offered, but you will still be bound by the non-disclosure agreement you signed before starting this experiment."
All sound cuts off, he can't even hear HER breathing anymore. He has no idea what she'll do. Suddenly, he desperately wishes she stays. He likes the sound of her voice, the way she laughs, the squeak of her ass against a glass window. He abruptly realises he doesn't want this to end until he knows her name and finds out more about this stranger that he's shared such intimate moments with.
That five-minute countdown feels like it lasts a hundred years. He takes a swig of the whisky to steady his nerves while he paces pensively back and forth in front of the window, watching the world go by.
CLICK.
He stops moving, straining to hear any sounds over the speakers.
Nothing.
His heart sinks.
"You still there?" her voice asks tentatively.
He can't help it; he breathes a sigh of relief. "Yeah, I am." He hesitates for a moment before he plucks up the courage to say, "I'm really glad you stayed."
She's silent for a moment before she replies with a smile in her voice, "Me to."
"My name's Charlie, by the way."
"I'm Kayleigh."
Kayleigh. Having her name makes him feel immensely happy for some reason; he feels almost giddy. "So, Kayleigh, what say we crack open these bottles of alcohol to celebrate coming into some money, and play a few games to pass the time? First up, I recommend we count how many men with blue ties we can moon on the count of 20."
Her beautiful sweet laughter flows over the speakers as she replies, "Ok. Let me grab my bottle." He hears her take a sip and then start coughing. "Oh god, its Malibu. I HATE Malibu."
He's laughing again as he says, "Seems like the researchers are sexist; I have whisky. Ok, ready, steady ... go!"
*****
KAYLEIGH
Kayleigh collapses on the sofa in exhaustion from all the laughter and running around. They've played all sorts of idiotic games to pass the time, and she is now happily merry on the alcohol she's been drinking. There's a companionable silence as they relax, finally comfortable in each other's company and their own skins.
"You don't have to answer this, but what are you going to use the money for?" he asks softly.
She tenses up. Here it comes. The moment that happens on every date, it's all going along amazingly until she mentions she has a child. That's when they all run. She thinks about lying; she'll probably never meet him again. But for some reason she doesn't want to lie to him, not after everything.
"I'm a single mother and studying. You do the math," she says more sharply than she intended.
The silence drags on a bit longer than is comfortable before he asks, "What happened?"
It's probably the combination of the alcohol and the situation, but she tells him everything. About her ex-boyfriend, how it ended, raising her daughter, the struggle of getting back into studying -- everything. The more she talks, the more of a weight is being lifted off of her.
When she first stepped into this room, she felt naked because she had no clothes on. But right now - in this moment - she's never felt more naked, exposed and vulnerable. His voice is the only thing that wraps around her and makes her feel safe enough to keep talking. She hasn't been this honest with anyone in years.
When she's talked it out, she asks him for his story.
*****
CHARLIE
As Kayleigh pours out her soul, Charlie just sits and listens. With each word she says he realises he's falling madly in love with this strong, vulnerable, earnest and funny woman. He wishes he could hug her; run his hands softly over her and prove that's she's beautiful BECAUSE of everything she's been through, not in spite of it.
"So, tell me about you," she whispers once she's done, her voice raw from all the crying.
He hasn't spoken to anyone since it happened. It's why he hasn't made any friends at university or been on dates. Bile rises in his throat as the memories come back and for a moment he can't speak. He covers his eyes with his arm as if to block out the images, before he takes a deep, ragged breath.
"Five years ago, I had just finished my final exams and I was with my friends celebrating in a pub. All our families were coming to join us for this massive lunch as a final hurrah before we all headed off to university or work next year. My parents never came, and I was so angry at them. When some friends dropped me home later there were police waiting for me there. My parents had been in an accident on the way to lunch. They both died on impact."
He has to stop for a moment, he can barely breath his throat is so tight. She whispers she's sorry and hearing her voice helps him go on. He tells her how the accident made him want to become a civil engineer, so that he could design roads and environments that minimise the chances of accidents like that happening again. He talks about how closed-off emotionally he has become. How it's all ultimately ended in him having nowhere else to go but here to get enough money to cover his rent while his accommodation is being renovated.
The mood is sombre as he ends. The space filled with emotions, remembrances, and silent wishes for a future.
*****
VICTORIA
After her initial vocal outburst, Victoria had toyed with provoking Charlie and Kayleigh more but the chemistry and interaction between them both has been so enthralling to watch, that in the end she decided to leave them to it. She reflects on how strange it's been playing the role of watcher, rather than performer.
As the silence drops between them, she knows her moment for a final performance has arrived. She's seen it so many times with her clients. They share their deepest, darkest, most intimate thoughts and once it's out, they're desperate to connect more physically but too scared to take the first step.
Victoria gets a wicked smile as a plan forms in her mind. She glances at the clock, there might just be enough time. She hits the button so they can both hear her.
She starts slowly -- breathing, sighing, touching -- whispers of sounds that make you wonder what's happening. Like an expert composer, she builds in moans - no words - just wet, sensual sounds that talk of intimate explorations. These are the sounds of a woman who know her own body and wants to celebrate it. The sounds build like a tide in the sea, slowly drawing you in, and before you realise it, you're lost in the pleasure of it. Just before you can reach your moment of satisfaction, all sounds end with a quiet sigh.
Victoria flips a few switches until only Charlie can hear her. Time to break some rules. "Charlie, my name's Victoria. You may recognise my voice. Take it from someone who knows what she's talking about, don't lose this moment to show her how much you want her. Opportunities like this only come around once. The mic is all yours now."
She has a satisfied smile on her face as Anita storms into the room to demand what the hell she was thinking about revealing her role in the experiment.
*****
CHARLIE
As he finishes telling his story, a heavy silence settles around them. His heart is hammering, his hands shaking.
Kayleigh is the first person he's spoken to about how he's felt since his parents' death. Right now, he's never felt closer to anyone in this life. It's terrifying. It's exhilarating. If he hadn't been through this roller-coaster of a day -- everything from waving his dick around at strangers, through to cumming while someone listened in -- he would never have been brave enough to share all of that.
He opens his mouth to tell Kayleigh that... and then freezes. What words would be the right ones right now? He wants to tell her how much it means to him by kissing her, pulling her into his arms and showing her with his body. He closes his mouth in defeat.
Suddenly he hears the sounds of a woman breathing and touching herself. His eyes widen, his pulse starts racing; is that Kayleigh?
"Can you hear that?" Kayleigh's voice says over the sounds, dashing his rising excitement.
"Yeah, I think it's the woman from earlier when I ... ahh... you know," Charlie finishes lamely.
"Oh"
They both listen quietly.
He can't help it; his cock is getting hard as the sounds over the speaker caress him. His hand wraps around his hard shaft and then he stops; listening isn't enough anymore. He wants to hear Kayleigh moaning in ecstasy, not some random woman.
As the sounds fade, the woman speaks directly to him. His body tenses in shock that she knows his name. Her nudge is all he needs.
"Kayleigh, you still there?" he asks desperately.
"Yes," she answers, her voice tight with need.
"What do you say to us finishing this together?"
"Please," she begs.
*****
KAYLEIGH
"Please," she begs breathlessly, her back already arching in need.
His voice and words become her whole world as he guides her to touch herself as he would. Running his fingers over her lips, down her neck and circling her breasts until his mouth could capture a hard nipple in his eager mouth. Her whole body is tingling.
He'd slides his fingers down her body until he reaches her wet, silky pussy, where his tongue would dive in and devour her. She moans loudly as a spasm runs through her. She hears him touching himself in time with her.
"I'm so hard for you right now," he breathes. "Do you have that toy you mentioned earlier? I want you to get it," he urges her hoarsely.
Desperately she reaches for the dildo and holds it teasingly against her pussy waiting for him. His voice is so deep as he tells how he would fuck her, slowly at first, and then faster, harder.
After a while they don't need any more words, as they chase each other to a mind-blowing release. "Oh my god..." she moans as her toes curl and she has the best orgasm she's ever had. She collapses in a sweaty, satisfied heap back to the ground.
When she can think again, she says, "Thank you so much Charlie. That was incredible. I ... I hope we can do that for real one day. Please find me after this, my name's Kayleigh O'Connor. I'm a student nurse at King's College Hospital."
Only silence answers her back.
*****
CHARLIE
"Oh my god..." Kayleigh moans as she orgasms. Hearing her sound so satisfied is all he'd been waiting for; Charlie feels like his body is shattering as he crests that wave with her.
As his breathing starts to slow down, he senses that something isn't right. It's too quiet. "Kayleigh? Are you still there?"
Silence.
CLICK.
His head whips round to see the door swing open and the research woman standing there, staring at him impassively. "Mr Moore, the experiment is complete. Thank you for your participation. I have left the robe outside here for you. Please feel free to clean up and if you'll follow me, I'll take you to the dressing room so you can get changed."
He sits up in a panic, "Where's Kayleigh. Can I talk to her?"
Her face remains blank, professional as she replies, "I cannot disclose any personal details of our volunteers on this experiment. Please Mr Moore, I don't have all day to wait."
He jumps up. Perhaps he can catch her in the corridor, or as she's leaving the building. He doesn't care anymore that he's completely naked, covered in cum; he dashes past the woman and out into the corridor. No one.
"She's not here Mr Moore."
His blood boils and for an irrational moment he wants to hit this cold bitch who's standing in a lab coat judging him. He takes a deep breath to calm himself. Maybe he can catch her outside, maybe she waited for him?
He gets dressed in a blur and barely notices as he's handed his cheque. He waits outside the building for an hour before he decides to try other entrance just in case, she left another way. But he doesn't find her. She's left, or she was never in the same building to start off with.
*****
It's been three months since the experiment, and Charlie's reached the point that he's stopped listening for her in a crowd of people. Although he still finds himself gazing mindlessly into department store windows, wondering if something extraordinary is happening out of sight.
It's now 3am and he's just come off a long shift at the bar he works part-time at. He ducks into a 24-hour store to get some bread and coffee on his way home. He's half asleep as he's standing in line to pay. There's a woman in a nurse's uniform standing in front of him. As she asks quietly if they have any paracetamol tablets, his whole world stops.
"Kayleigh?" he whispers hoarsely. His heart feels like it's going to rip through his chest.
Her back stiffens, and she turns around slowly to stare at him. They stand like this for a while, just soaking in all the details of the other. He smiles and stretches out his hand saying, "Nice to finally meet you in person. My name's Charlie Moore."
A radiant smile blooms on her face as she takes his hand.