This is the story of an older couple who shared building a business but ran into trouble with their relationship and are getting back together but in a more open manner.
Edited by WindySwimming. This is the second story WindySwimming has edited for me. I want to give him a special thanks for the assistance.
Introduction
Bob and Angie Hall have been married 23 years as this story is told. They met in college when he was a senior and she a freshman at New York University. They first met on a blind date even though they were on different campuses. He achieved a BS degree in Accounting that year and received an MBA the following year. She was starting her work towards a BA in English Education. When they met she was eighteen and he 22. They dated off and on until she graduated at twenty-two. By then Bob was working at a Manhattan accounting firm for three years and thought that he could afford to make the commitment of marriage.
When they met Bob was a six foot two hunk. In addition to being academically gifted he had an athlete's build; lean body, slim waist, tight abs, heavy chest muscles and arms, and very little fat. He had a light complexion with sharp features, and thick light brown hair. To this day of telling this story, he has changed very little. It makes most of his friends angry.
Angie was a five foot eight dark beauty. She had a smooth dark complexion with no blemishes and very thick wavy black hair. Her cheek bones were high, large expressive wide set dark eyes with thick eye lashes, and a large mouth with thick kiss-me lips. When she first met Bob, she already had an hour glass figure measuring 37-27-38 and a full C-cup. By the time they married she was a full D-cup and a little meatier in the waist and hips. Her figure changed quite a lot over the years that followed their marriage.
They married soon after Angie received her English Education degree. She was lucky to get a job teaching high school English at a high-end private school in Manhattan. They decided soon after she started bringing home a paycheck that they would take a chance and have Bob start his own accounting firm. He took a couple of customer with him when he left the firm where he was employed. He wanted a Manhattan address and barely held on to the office the first few years. Angie taught and helped him around the office all she could. These were lean times. They lived in a one-bedroom small apartment in a not-so-good neighborhood as close as they could get to Bob's office.
After five years of sacrifice, Bob's business began to be profitable. In these five years, their sex life was exciting and quite active even though they worked all the time.
For the next five years, Bob's business blossomed. He had to add accountants and clerical staff as the business grew. He moved the firm to a prime location with larger offices. It came time after ten years to set up a more formal corporate structure as a LLP. Bob named three of the accountants as partners and gave them five percent of the business. He and Angie also decided that they needed an agreement between the two of them as they both had invested in the business. It had many terms, including buy out clauses, ownership transfers in case of death or incapacitation of one of them, and what happened if they ever divorced. One of the terms buried deep in the language was a clause about unfaithfulness in case of divorce. Neither noticed it in particular as the lawyer stated the language was standard. Simply stated in case of divorce if either cheated in the marriage the party who cheated gave up all rights to the partnership in the business. While they thought it insignificant at the time, it became important to this story.
During these five years of building the business, their sex life remained good but definitely diminished in intensely. Both would however, declare they had a good monogamous relationship. Angie still had her outstanding figure. She continued to teach.
For the next five years Bob's accounting firm really took off. They added several large accounts requiring even more staff. His firm was now a known commodity in Manhattan. Angie helped during her summers and continued to teach. She however was not really needed at Bob's firm. Their sex life was going downhill. The sex was less often and perfunctory. Angie put on weight slowly about twenty pounds over the five years. For her fifteenth anniversary Bob gave her a boob job at her request. She wanted to offset her hips which were now 40-plus. It worked as she went from a full D to a DD and tits that had just a little natural looking droop. Somehow the surgeon, one of the best in Manhattan pulled off larger, firmer, and fuller while keeping them elevated on her chest.
For the five-year period leading up to their twentieth anniversary, Bob's firm got larger and larger. He was almost never home. They moved into a Manhattan condo with a very prestigious address. Angie quit her teaching job so she could handle moving, decorating, and making it a home without help from Bob. When she quit the teaching job she felt unimportant and depressed. She really gained weight, seldom weighing but ballooning to well over 200 pounds. A lot of that weight went to hips and boobs. She had to buy new clothes that hide as much of her shape as she could. Their sex life was practically nonexistent. Bob, however, remained the sexy hunk he was when they got married. The firm had placed an emphasis on physical fitness and Bob worked out every morning very early when not traveling and even then he used hotel gyms.
For their twentieth anniversary, Bob surprised Angie with a trip to the Caribbean. Bob took the week off and wanted it to be a romantic holiday. Angie was so self-conscious about her weight she would not even put on a bathing suit. She mostly wanted to stay in the room and feel sorry for herself. Several nights Bob went to clubs on the island without Angie. It was a miserable time for both. They had sex one time over the five-day trip and that was very unsatisfactory to both.
When they got back from this trip, Bob unconsciously made an effort to stay away from Angie. Most of the travel was probably necessary as the firm's client list included ever larger firms located throughout the US and high bank roll individuals that needed personal attention from the top executive. Bob's reputation had grown outside of New York.
Angie took stock in herself when they got back from the miserable vacation and decided it was time to do something different. She joined a gym within walking distance of their condo and went religiously. She hired a personal trainer to whip her into shape. She thought this was the first step back. After six months of training hard her waist was again twenty-nine inches and she had a fairly flat muscular stomach. The trainer had her work on her legs and hips a lot. Her hips were large and a firm 40-plus. Her butt cheeks were fleshy and plump with a nice protruding shape. Her tits were even more impressive. She was a full G cup that still had that slight drooped, the way the surgeon intended. When she looked in the mirror she was much happier with her body.
The next step was to make herself useful. She decided to look for tutoring opportunities for individual students. Mostly she took on exceptional kids. Because of her contacts made in fifteen years of teaching and personal hustle she gained a nice stable of students. She was happy with herself and her life except she wanted Bob back. She realized how much she missed him and their sex life. He really was good at sex and she could not believe she ever let that get away. For the next year, she tried to get Bob interested. It seemed like an act of desperation every time she tried to get his attention. It was like she no longer knew how to attract a man or at least Bob.
What she did not know was that Bob was screwing all over the US and had a New York mistress in an apartment he was paying for not far from his office. All he had to do was call and he had a 25-year-old bomb shell ready to do whatever he wanted.
Angie finds an outlet for her sexual frustration
It started innocently enough. After trying to get Bob interested for almost a year, she saw her chance one weekend. Bob was in town for a weekend for the first time in months. He had to work Saturday but planned to be home Saturday night early. She decided to put all she knew into this weekend. She was going to make his favorite dinner and dress as provocatively as she knew how. She looked all week for just the right dress. She looked at many dress shops before finding a cocktail dress with a shiny gray puffed skirt with an elastic waist belt that flared out over her hips ending at mid-thigh. Her large hips hiked up the dress in back making it look so sexy. The top was a strapless shiny gray boned bodice. It covered her massive tits but pushed them up so that it looked like her cleavage began at her throat. She thought it looked slutty and for what it costs it should.
Bob was supposed to be home by five. She planned to have dinner ready at seven, ply him with wine and make her the most forward advance possible. She was dressed at six thirty and had dinner on the table at seven. By eight she had opened the wine and started drinking. By eleven she was drunk and by midnight passed out on the couch. At three in the morning she came to, got in her pajamas, threw the dinner away, and cried herself to sleep. She did not get up until late Sunday finding Bob working in his home office. She was very hung over.
"Where were you last night?" Angie asked Bob.
"I had a last minute call from a client who wanted to meet immediately," Bob answered. Really he stayed overnight with his mistress.
"Why didn't you call?"
"I asked Sam to call," Bob lied. Sam was really Samantha the office manager they had hired a couple years before.
"Well she didn't," Angie said. "I waited dinner for you until after midnight and you never showed. You were with the client all night?"
"You know how it is," started Bob. "You have been around as we entertained clients and know it can get out of hand. We all got drunk and slept in his penthouse. Sorry."
Angie at that moment should have gotten very angry but what she felt was defeat. She considered divorce all day and finally decided to explore options before she took that step.
Monday morning, she went to the gym to meet her personal trainer, Mark. Instead of Mark, there was a young black man of twenty-one who said, "Hi, Angie, my name is Quintin. Call me Q. Mark was sick this morning and asked me to fill in. He told me your routine so I am sure I can take care of you. Mark said you were one of his best clients and told me to tell you he is very sorry to miss."
"Is he very sick?" Angie asked. "I am really more concerned about Mark. I have been seeing him almost a year and a half and this is the first time he has missed a session."
"He thinks he has the flu but is at the doctor's office now," Q stated. "He said he would text me when he knew for sure."
"Well let's do it," Angie said smiling. Q was an extremely sexy looking small man. He was shorter than Angie but had a killer body. His face was one that was instantly likeable with a broad smile. His hair in dreadlocks pulled back in a ponytail. He was wearing thin nylon shorts and a tank top. His member was clearly outlined in his shorts and a good size compared to the rest of him. The muscles in his shoulders and arms were very impressive.
He started her on the elliptical for 30 minutes where she worked up a sweat. He then had her do a number of sets of weights and stretches. This typically took about 30 minutes. She was wearing shorts and a sports bra under her gym tee shirt. She was sweating so much her tee shirt was sticking to her. During a set of chest presses where Q spotted for her, she could see the tip of his long dong. He could see her large dark areola and nipples through the wet tee shirt and bra.
As she raised up from the bench she 'accidentally' brushed his muscular leg close to his member. She asked, "Mind if I take the tee shirt off. I am wet." She smiled to herself thinking,I am wet in more places than my tee shirt.
"Not at all, make yourself comfortable." There were a few people in this part of the gym but Angie did not care who saw. The sports bra was white and wet making the large dark areola even more clear. She was getting excited so her nipples were extended close to a half inch. Q noticed.
Next came leg presses. Angie showed a lot of her ass with each crunch. Q noticed. They were both overtly flirted until Q said, "Time for the last stretch." This stretch had Angie on the floor with Q placing her legs in different positions. His member was now extended and with the right angle she could see a good portion of it. Angie also knew that as he moved her legs so he could see her pussy lips. They were perfectly smooth through laser treatments. She wanted him to fuck her. She did not know how to invite this young man half her age to fuck her.
Q solved the problem. "I am studying massage therapy in my master's program for Kinesiology. Want to be a test subject?"
"That sounds good," Angie said giving him her best 'please fuck me' smile. It was not unusual to get a massage as the gym had private rooms for this. The gym provided towels and robes. She went to the locker room, put on a towel that barely cover her tits and pussy. It did not come close to covering her ass. She also put on a robe and stuck some cash in the pocket.
"Ok, I have everything ready," Q said as she entered the massage room. There was an array of oils lined up on a table next to the adjustable massage bed. "Let's start on your back."
Angie removed her robe, leaving the towel wrapped around her and lay face down on the table. She released the knot to allow the towel to go free. There was also a roll that she adjusted under her breasts to take some of the pressure off her sensitive enhanced bosom. Q pulled the towel down so that only her ass was covered. Her G's were pressed making much of her flesh pushed to the side and clearly visible to Q. Q started on her shoulders and arms. It made Angie relax as it felt so good to have this handsome man giving her body this much attention. He worked over her shoulder blades and lower back. Her hand passed closer and closer to the start of her ass cheeks, sliding the towel lower on her hips.
He moved to her calves. "Misses Hall, your legs have such good definitions. Mark must have really worked hard on your lower body."
"He has," Angie whispered. "I have done a ton of squats and leg raises. Please call me Angie."
"Okay," Q said. He did deep tissue rubs on her calves and moved up to her hamstrings. He added lotion as he rolled his hands back and forth across her hamstrings. He moved from lower to upper leg getting closer and closer to her now wet and wanting pussy. As he got to the very top of her leg he gently moved the towel up to where she knew he could see her fat smooth clean pussy lips. As he rocked back and forth in the close proximity to her clitoris, it responded in a way she had not felt in a long time. There was a gentle sensation that felt like very mild orgasms. She was so lost in the sensation that she lost track of time.
"Angie, roll over and I will do your front," Q said.
"Don't you think I need a deep tissue massage on my gluts?"
"It is your call. I will do whatever pleases you."
She reached for the towel and pulled it off her butt saying, "Really work on it. You made me do so many squats. We don't want any lingering pain, do we?"
"No ma'am," Q said, "we certainly would not. May I say you have the most beautiful butt I have seen? Would that offend you?"
"My dear boy that is one of the best compliments I've had in a long time. Thank you. But don't you think it is too large?"
"Absolutely not." As Q said this he was tracing the muscle in her fleshy mounds with his hands. "I mean your skin is so smooth and a beautiful olive color."
She could picture Q drooling and it made her smile. Q rolled, chopped and pressed hard into her ass using a lot of massage oil. It was flowing down the crack of her ass and mixing with the fluid flowing from her excited pussy. Again she was lost in the sensation of her body.
"Let's do your front," Q said waking her from her trance. "I will turn around and let you position the towel."
Angie thought,I don't want to cover or hide anything. Please just fuck me.
But she did cover a small strip across her pussy but just barely.
Q turned around and was almost speechless. Finally saying, "You have such beautiful breast. I have never seen such large firm breast. Please don't take offense."
"My dear boy I think that is a wonderful compliment. But I think they are too large."
"No they're not. They're well, ah, I just don't have the word. Do you want me to massage them also? There are no muscles."
"My boy that would please me but don't do anything you don't want to." She said this with her tongue in her cheek.
"Oh, my goodness. I really want to touch them, I mean, I will be professional, I mean ..."
Angie laughed, "I am yours. You are the master."
Q started with her arms but Angie saw that he couldn't take his eyes off her breasts. He worked quickly on her arms and moved to her abdomen. His hands moved up to her tits. He kneaded back and forth across both her breasts. Angie was now very excited. He pinched and rolled her nipples in his fingers. Angie could now see that Q's member was hard and peeking out the bottom of his shorts.
She reached out with some oil on her hands and rubbed up his shaft. "Please massage my pussy and take your shorts off." She moved the towel aside. Q removed his shorts.
He moved to her wet and gaping pussy. She took his beautiful long penis in her hand and pulled it toward her mouth. She kissed the head and said, "Would it offend you if I said you have a beautiful body and a really beautiful dick?"
"No ma'am," Q whispered, "it wouldn't."
She was now moving her head back and forth on his member while he manipulated her fat pussy in his hand. He could feel the fluids flowing from it and wanted so much to fuck her. "Angie if you keep that up I will not be responsible for the outcome."
"Then I think you should put it in my pussy."
Without hesitation he mounted her and slipped his dick into her excited hole. She exploded with an orgasm. It had been so long since she had felt this sensation. He pumped up and down on her with pushup style thrusts.
She thought,It is really great to be fucked by a guy in good shape. He is hitting all the right spots.
"Should I pull out?" Q asked.
"No, fill me up." Just after hearing the answer he gave a low moan and did fill her up. He collapsed on her as she hugged him saying, "Thank you. That was so good."
He kissed her neck mumbling, "It was my pleasure."
"Can we do it again?" Angie asked.
"I have another appointment."
Angie laughed as he still lay on her. "No, I mean again another day?"
Q jumped off her saying, "I must be crushing you. Yes, Mark texted me that he does have the flu and wants me to take all his clients I can this week. He wanted to make sure you were happy with me. Are you?"
She sat up, spread her legs and pulled him into her. "Here is your answer." She hugged him tight to her chest and gave him a deep French kiss. "That was great and I so look forward to our next sessions. Make sure to give me additional time for extras." She reached over to her robe taking $200 from the pocket. "Here please take this."
"Angie, I couldn't take that. I wanted to fuck you and want badly to fuck you again right now. But I am going to be late for my next appointment."
"Please take it, I mean for the massage and an extra tip for the additional time you gave me for the workout. I want you to have the money."
"Ok but not for the fuck," Q said. "That was for me as much as you."
"Do you really think I am a good fuck?"
"No, I think you are a great fuck. Mark said tomorrow is yoga class and then a session with me on Wednesday. I will make sure to give you a couple of extra hours. I look forward to it."
"Thanks. Now kiss each nipple and be on your way." Q grinned, kissed each nipple and left her to clean up, shower and go home.
Angie had sex with Q twice more that week and started a schedule of weekly massages including sex.
Angie finds another conquest while waiting for Bob to come around
Angie made friends with the building superintendent, Bart. Bart lived in a first floor apartment so she ran into him often. He was older, close to 60, tall, slim, gray and still ruggedly attractive. They had passed each other in the hall since Bob and Angie moved into the condo.
One day when Angie had groceries to take to her top floor condo not seeing a doorman Bart asked, "Want help with that?"
"If you don't mind." Angie said.
"Not at all." Bart grabbed most of the bags and accompanied her to her condo.
Bart came into her condo to place the bags on the kitchen counter. Of course he had been in the condo before doing maintenance work.
"Thank you so much," Angie said smiling. "What about a cup of coffee?"
"I would like that," Bart answered. Angie wondered why she was doing this but for some reason she was interested in this man.
Angie fixed them each a cup as she put the groceries up. Bart sat at the table in the kitchen waiting her. Angie sat a cup in front of him asking, "Want something to eat?"
"Oh no this is fine. Thank you."
Angie sat across from him with her coffee and asked, "Tell me about yourself."
"I spent most of my life as a contractor, mainly small jobs in the suburbs where my wife, Mary, and I lived. I made a good living. I was married to Mary for over 30 years and in the same house 25. She died 5 years ago."
"I am so sorry."
"Thanks. Anyway I was lost for a while. I sold my business and house soon after Mary died, moved into the city and took this job."
"Do you like doing this?" Angie asked.
"I do. I like living in the city, I like most of the owners, and the work is easy. I will be 60 this year, so my ambitions are far less than they were and I have money in the bank. But even though I am past the grief of losing Mary, I still get lonely."
"I know how you feel," Angie said before she thought.
"What do you mean?" Bart asked. "Don't you still have Bob?"
Angie realized she had made a mistake. She thought,can I trust this man. She decided she could so she answered truthfully, "We are having problems and have been for a long time. It is mostly the situation but I also think he is bored with me but does not want to divorce for some reason."
"I can't imagine that anyone could get tired of you," Bart said. Just then Bart got a call from a tenant that needed help immediately. After he hung up he said, "I am sorry but I need to go. Thanks for the coffee and the talk."
"I would really like you to come back for coffee again. I think we have some things in common. We are both lonely and can help each other."
"Count on it. I know where you live." They both laughed and Bart left. Bart did come back many times over the next few weeks just to have coffee, snacks and talk. It was easy for Angie to talk to Bart and they did have a lot in common. He rarely stayed more than thirty minutes and only had coffee.
Then, like with Q, it changed quite innocently. It was a Thursday, three weeks after her meeting and fucking Q for the first time that it happened. Around three in the morning Angie was sleeping when she heard a pop and noise coming from the bathroom. She was wearing her normal bed clothes, a thin white tee shirt and bikini cut panties. Bikini cut panties on Angie were closer to a thong because of the size of her ass cheeks. The tee shirt came down only to her navel leaving a lot of her lower stomach showing.
Angie ran into the bathroom to see a geyser of water where the faucet should be. She opened the cabinet door, found the shut off for the cold water faucet, twisted it, and it turned off. Then she tried the hot water side. The round handle came off in her hand. It did shut the flow a little but was still a geyser. She ran to the phone, called the emergency number and got Bart.
"Yes," he said groggily.
"Bart, this is Angie," she was speaking very quickly and with a little panic. "The faucet has broken off in the bathroom. I was able to shut off one valve but the other broke off in my hand. Can you come quickly?"
"I will be right there," he said now wide awake.
Angie took a towel and jammed it in the geyser hole. This helped a little but soaked her from head to foot. Her hair was a wet mob. Her thin tee shirt and panties were transparent. She was glad that it was Bart coming up. The water continued the flow over her until Bart got there.
"Keep the towel there while I check on this," he said as he crawled between her legs to look at the broken shut off valve. He could not help but look up and see her beautiful bald fat inviting pussy. He was also getting soaked quickly. "Hang in there a little longer. I think I can shut it off."
"No problem," she laughed, "I can't get any wetter." He laughed.
He crawled between her legs and found his channel lock plyers, hoping he could operate the valve with them. His workman shirt and trousers were now as soak as Angie. She looked down at him as he crawled between her legs again and saw him take a good look at her pussy. Even being completely soaked, she felt her pussy tensing. She also glanced at his completely soaked crotch and noticed that something was growing.
She thought,I really do want to fuck him. You are such a bad girl. But wouldn't that dick feel good.
He had the knob in the jaws of the plyers and slowly turned. With some effort on his part, the flow stop. Angie took the towel away as he crawled out from under the sink.
"Well that was fun," Angie laughed. "I look like a wet puppy."
"Actually I love wet puppies. But before we get dry we need to soak up as much of this water as possible to cut the water damage. Do you have some old towels and a bucket?"
"Yes, I will run get them," Angie said running out the bathroom. He watched her tits jiggle and rolling butt cheeks as she ran for the towels and buckets. "Here you go, just tell me what to do."
"Just soak up as much of the water as you can with the towels and ring them out in the bucket. Hold a couple towels back to soak up the final wetness."
Angie mopped the floor with the towels on hand and knees while Bart toweled the other areas. She could feel his eyes on her bare ass and drenched pussy. She was enjoying displaying herself.
"Let's use the dry towels now," Bart said.
As they finished Angie knelt in front of Bart, reached for his zipper saying, "Let's get your wet pants off." She pulled his pants down and had an erect dick ready for her. "Not enough time for underwear, huh?"
"No, ma'am."
"Good, makes it easier for me to get to what I want." She took his erect dick in her mouth. She toyed with the tip, flicking it with her tongue before taking it all in her mouth.
After a few full strokes she said, "Thanks for helping a damsel in distress. I have one more minor problem. My pussy needs to be screwed." She slipped her panties off. Again got on her hands and knees, pointing her luscious ass at him. "Can you help?"
"Yes ma'am." He knelt behind her, put his finger in her pussy and decided she was ready for his dick. Her pussy was wet with more than water. He slipped his average length dick in her wet pussy. While his dick was shorter than Q's, it was thicker. As he slowly pumped her from behind, he kneaded her ample cheeks.
"Misses Hall you have a beautiful ass."
"Thank you, kind sir. I noticed you ogling it."
He picked up the pace. She was now matching his pace, rocking back and forth in sync with his rhythm. He could feel her orgasms and they were coming often. He loved watching her large ass bounce and shimmy. She was enjoying being fucked by this man she liked very much. She could feel him about to cum.
"I want to feel you cum in me," Angie instructed as she could feel his contractions start matching her own. Bart gave a loud scream as she felt his jizzum driving deep in her vagina. Bart kept pumping until her contractions from her orgasms were complete. He clearly knew how to please a woman. He pulled out and laid on the floor next to her pulling her to him.
"Misses Hall that was outstanding," Bart said with a smile. "Call me any time for any reason."
"It certainly was," she said. "And I really do thank you for coming so quickly to save me. Can I throw your wet clothes in the dryer and you can spend what's left of the night with me. I will fix you breakfast."
"That is good with me if you are really serious. But I don't have anything to wear."
"I am completely serious about you staying and let's not bother with clothes."
"Sounds like a plan. That way I can check the damage done."
Angie stood, removed her tee shirt, and extended her hand to him saying, "Deal."
Angie placed his work shirt and trouser in the dryer. They went to bed together about four. Both were nude spooning with his arm wrapped around her. Both were exhausted so they fell asleep immediately. Early the following morning she felt his hand rubbing her right tit. He was doing it so gentle it barely woke her up. When he was sure she was awake he kissed and nibbled her neck and ears. He whispered in her ear, "You are such a beautiful woman, I can't imagine the man who would leave you alone. You have an incredible body. I mean I knew it even in your clothes but nude, you are indescribable."
Angie moaned as he kissed her ears and neck, while exciting her sensitive breasts. He was working back and forth between her breasts. She was already wet and wanted his dick. She reached behind her and stroked his dick until it was hard. He slowly moved his hand down her belly to her pussy. He put a finger in her pussy to find her clitoris. He gently massaged it while still kissing her neck. She placed his dick in the crease of her ass, slowly moving the tip up and down the crease. Her ample cheeks were able to manipulate the tip without penetrating her sphincter. Bart had never had a women do this and it felt great. He could feel her orgasm from his stroking of her excited bud.
She took his dick and slipped it into her soppy slit. He gently rocked back and forth as he kissed her shoulders, moved back to her tits, and pinched her excited nipples. She was now pressing back against him so that he could feel her big ass on his stomach.
Bart gently raised her leg so that he could move her on her back without extracting his dick from her wanting pussy. They were in the missionary position.
"I want to see your big wonderful tits," he explained. He lowered his head to nibble her erect nipples. He moved from one to the other. He continued a slowly move in and out her pussy. He was striking her clitoris with each slow stroke. He took mouthfuls of her sensitive tits sucking as much in as he could and toying with the nipple with his tongue. He picked up the pace as he worked her tits over. The sensations caused her to become even more excited. Again for the second time in a few hours, she could feel his thick dick pulse ready to ejaculate in her.
"Yes Bart, please give it to me," she screamed as her own largest orgasm began. He did give it to her with his own scream. He continued pumping until her orgasm subsided. As she finished he dropped on her with his elbows on either side of her chest. He kissed her long and tenderly.
"Misses Hall, what a night," Bart whispered. "You are fabulous."
"Call me Angie. You are pretty fabulous yourself."
"I guess we need to get up and see the damage," Bart said.
"Yes I think so. Why don't you grab your cloth from the dryer and see what has to be done while I fix you breakfast. Are coffee, eggs, toast and marmalade ok?"
"Works for me," Bart said as he got up.
Angie put on jeans and a tee shirt. She had his breakfast ready as he came back from the bathroom.
"I have good news and bad news," Bart started. "The good news is that the faucet and valve can be fixed today. The bad news is that you will need a new bathroom floor and repaint the sheetrock. It was a good thing we got the wall dried off so quickly. The sheetrock is stained but will be fine once fully dry."
"Well, I think that is all good news. You will have a good excuse to be in my condo for a while. Oh by the way take your time with the repairs. I want you again."
Bart smiled a big Cheshire cat. "My thoughts exactly."
They ate breakfast and discussed the repairs. Just before Bart left Angie said, "I think we need to discuss what is happening here."
"Yes we do."
"I am not leaving Bob, so this can only be two very good friends giving each other what they need. I don't want you to think I am looking for a commitment and I will not make a commitment."
"That is my thought exactly. Honestly I am too old for you or I would fight to make it something else. But I am just happy to enjoy your company however you want. I want to be your friend even if you decide it is time to end the sex."
Angie smiled and kissed him. "Great, I think we are going to be great friends and have great sex."
With that Bart left, He returned later while she was at the gym to install a new faucet and valve. He left her a note saying he would come back the next day with a plan to repair her bathroom.
Angie continues her sex exploits while Bob prepares to get her back
Bart came back the following day to discuss the bathroom. He showed her tile samples and paint colors. She was in no hurry and required Bart to come back often with options. It took weeks to decide exactly what she wanted to do in the bathroom and several sexual encounters. During this period, she continued her weekly romps with Q.
In the meantime, Bob noticed a change in Angie attitude toward him. She was now unconcerned with him being there or not being there. She had a distinct lack of desire for contact of any kind with him. He believed she had just gotten older and had no interest in sex at all. He had no clue that she was getting more sex now than ever. As often happens when it appears that someone is uninterested in you they become more interested.
Bob over these few months decided he wanted to attempt to reconnect with Angie. He knew to make an attempt to get her back he first had to let his mistress go. He also decided they needed a romantic location with no memories. He realized his attitude the last several year was most of the problem and he wanted to express to her his attitude had changed. He also knew his work load and travel had to be reduced. He could not have his attention divided between his wife, his work and his mistress.
The key to reducing his work load had started several years before in hiring Sam. Sam, actually Samantha, was a great organizer not an accountant. He needed someone who could take over office management and client relations. She was the person he had been grooming for years to do this. Sam was a tall slender beautiful blonde. She could have easily been a model but her personality was more of a commander. She commanded a room when she walked in. All the partners respected her. She was also great at entertaining clients. Much of the success of his business was getting large accounts and these executive expected to be wined and dined.
Sam had a very open mind toward sex. She saw it as a weapon to be used. She on many instances not only procured talent to entertain male and female executives she had gotten personally involved. She was five feet ten, weighed about 120 pounds, little fat, and a nice firm ass. She was a C cup but on her frame that was plenty. It seemed to Bob that she seemed to have no boundaries in terms of sex. He had observed this. She had fucked most of the partners including Bob. It seemed to him she thought this gave her an advantage.
So Bob made Sam the COO, convincing all the partner he could reduce his travel and hours by turning more of the operations over to Sam. Sam was really taking to the role well. Bob had been slowly moving responsibilities over to Sam and he decided to accelerate that process.
He booked a romantic trip to Aruba to make the last trip a fading memory. He evicted his mistress. This was not pretty but he knew it was necessary. Besides he had tired of her.
Just as Bob was ready to surprise Angie, she was preparing for Q. It was a Monday, their normally scheduled massage. Bob planned to surprise her for lunch, announcing the trip. He had never come home for lunch before and thought this would be part of the surprise. She had worked out with Mark that morning, coming back to the condo to set up the massage table for Q in the bedroom. They had also gotten in the habit of her fixing him lunch.
Angie greeted Q already nude. She opened the door, kissed him deep and hard saying, "Good to see you. Let's get to work. Mark was a brute this morning."
"My pleasure. Like your outfit." They both giggled.
"Let's start with the front," Q said as they started the massage. He rubbed lotion up and down both legs. He placed one leg on his shoulder lengthening her hamstring and causing her pussy to be completely visible and wide open. He kneaded up and down her thigh, hamstrings and calves. He then did the other leg. Q was already hard and Angie knew it. He moved up and placed lotion on her tits and stomach. He rubbed both tits until he had her nipples extended. The brown areola was about 3 inches in diameter and always looked sexy to him when glistening with lotion. He moved down to her stomach and then to her pussy. He spent enough time kneading her fat smooth pussy lips that he could feel her have her first orgasm and wet his hand.
"Turnover and let me do you back," Q instructed. She rolled on her stomach with a pillow under her stomach to protect her enhanced breasts. He applied massage oil to her back and butt cheek making sure there was massage oil in the crease of her ass. He got on the table with her, straddled her butt, placing a knee on each side of her ass cheeks placing his hard dick in the crease of her ass and massaged her shoulder and neck. He spent some time releasing the tension not only in her shoulder but in her butthole. As he kneaded her shoulder blade he was sliding his dick up and down her long ass crack.
Q moved his knees to each side of her thighs. He kneaded her ass cheeks in both hands. He squeezed in and released her ass cheeks making them shake like Jell-O. He took oil and squeezed the bottle directly into her asshole. Q took a cheek in each hand and spread her asshole open. He placed his thumps directly on the entrance and gently pushed into the start of the sphincter muscle. Angie was not sure what he was doing but thought it really felt good. This was new.
Q moved his knees back to a straddle of her ass cheeks. His long dick went with ease into her pussy. Her legs were just far enough apart to allow his dick to enter her pussy.
This was when Bob quietly entered their condo to surprise Angie for lunch and the invitation to a romantic get-away. He heard moans coming from the bedroom but could not convince himself it was what it sounded like. He crept to the open door to the bedroom and peeked in to see what was happening. The table was set up in such a fashion that they both faced away from the door but angled just a little so he could see Q's dick in his wife's pussy. Her ass was shining from the oil. Instead of being mad he thought about how beautiful her body was. Her tits were pressed on the table showing ample flesh flowing out the sides. He thought this was the sexiest he had ever seen this woman. She was luscious.
Bob considered what to do.Did he break in and stop this indignantly? I don't think so. Why not see what happens and leave without being seen then consider how to use this to my advantage? Yes, that is what I will do.
Q could feel Angie's pussy contracting with orgasms. He took his index finger and gently pushed it past her sphincter. She did not even flinch. He added more oil and a second finger, then a third. "Have you ever had a dick in your ass?"
"No," Angie said but without trepidation. She was so relaxed that anything seemed doable.
"Can I try it? If you don't like it just tell me. I will not put it in very deep. Just enough to let you try it."
"Yes, I will tell you if it hurts too much."
Q gave her one deeper thrust in her pussy and gave her a large orgasm. He removed his dick from her pussy, spread both her cheeks open wide and positioned his long dick at the entry to her tightest hole. Q's dick was long but not thick. Bob was riveted on Q's dick so close to his wife asshole. Q had the tip where it was beginning to penetrate her sphincter. He squirted more oil at the point of penetration.
Bob wondered if he could get a picture on his phone. He quickly set it to not flash and turned off the sound.
Q gently and very slowly pushed his tip into her opening. It took some time to get the tip past the sphincter. He left it there as he said, "Play with yourself. I won't move until you relax your muscle. Is it ok?"
Angie shook her head up and down as she moved her hand to her clit. Angie was expecting a lot more pain than she was experiencing. As she played with her clit, she could feel her ass muscle relaxing and so could Q. He slowly slid back so that the tip is again just at the entry to her sphincter. Q squeezed another shot of oil onto the point of penetration. This time Q pushed the tip past the entry so that about a third of his dick was in her anus.
"How does that feel?" he asked Angie.
"That feels good. I think I like it. You can move faster and deeper but not much deeper."
"Good." Q slid his dick out and then back in this time a little deeper. Angie was manipulating her clit to achieve good orgasms. It felt to her that the deeper Q got the more sensitive was her pussy. It felt good with no pain. Q now had half his dick in her ass and her moaning increased indicating to him that she liked it.
Bob took a couple of photos as Q's half impaled dick in her ass. Bob knew Q could not hold out long in her tight asshole. Bob was convinced that he could use this to his advantage. His cunning mind was already scheming. Bob silently exited the condo and relocked the door. He went to the lobby bathroom, looked at the photo of Q fucking his wife's ass and masturbated to relieve the pressure of his aching member.
Q continued to work his dick in and out of her butt. Just before he came he pulled out and ejaculated on her fat ass cheeks while she continued massaging her clit. Q bent over and kissed her neck and whispered, "That was great for me, I hope you liked it."
"I thought it was unbelievable. I never thought I would do that but I want to do it again. It really started to feel really good and with some more practice it will be even better."
"Good, glad you liked it."
Angie rolled over, taking Q to her torso and kissed him hard and deep. "Thank you, Q. Now let me feed you some lunch."
Angie went to the kitchen nude to put out Q's lunch while he went to the bathroom to clean up. When he came in Angie said, "Well I guess I need to get dress. Go ahead and start your lunch."
"Not on my account. As far as I am concerned you can dress like that all the time I am here." She gave him a playful slap on the shoulder as she gave him a wide and happy smile. She went to the bathroom to clean up and dress in designer jean and a tee shirt. She joined Q for lunch.
Q left before one and Angie was very content. Bob was back at the office already canceling the tickets to Aruba, rethinking his plan.