I wanted to write this story, not only to entertain but to reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices we make. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
As the story unfolds there will be detailed descriptions of some events while at other times there will only be passing information so you will have an idea what the characters have been through before we get to the climax.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
You may want to read the previous chapters first so you will have an idea what our characters have been up to.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
*
Donna stayed in the hospital for two days after delivering our daughter. I continued to work during that time. After leaving work I went directly to the hospital where I joined Beth and my mom in Donna's room. We always stayed until visiting hours were over before leaving.
Before we left the hospital each night we chose a place to stop and eat so we didn't have to cook when we got home. Most guys talk bad about their mother-in-law but with Beth being with my mom and me, I formed an unbreakable bond not only my mother-in-law but my mom as well.
We were like the Three Musketeers when we walked into a place to eat. We never knew what was going to happen because all three of us talked freely between us. I learned a lot about each of them and of course they learned just about everything about me which included our sexual habits and preferences. I also learned that both moms were really dissatisfied with their sex lives. We were no longer the typical family we had advanced to very close family members.
When we were at home we were always nude. Both our moms prepared the baby's room and got everything ready so Donna didn't have to do anything but rest when she came home.
On the day that Donna was being released from the hospital, we piled into my mom's to pick her up. When we walked into Donna's room she was dressed and waiting to be released. I walked over, kissed her and said, "I love you." Donna said, "I love you to but I can't wait to get out of here so I can go home and get out of these clothes. I've gone through hell trying to sleep in this freaking hospital gown."
The nurse who was in the room with us, checking out the baby, smiled not knowing that Donna was actually telling the truth. We had some forms to sign and then the nurse called for a wheelchair to take Donna down to the front entrance.
I carried the baby in her car seat, my mom carried Donna's bag and Beth carried the flowers and balloons which had been sent to Donna by her friends. Mom pulled the car up to the front doors of the hospital, after we loaded the stuff in the car Beth sat in the front seat while Donna and I shared the back seat with our daughter Kim.
When we arrived home I carried the baby in and everyone followed me to the nursery room. Once we were there, I placed the car seat on the table and all of us peered into it at the tiny sleeping baby.
After the baby was taken care of, each of us went to our room to take off our clothes. Donna and I went to our room and took off our clothes with the exception of Donna keeping her panties on. It had been a long time since Donna had worn panties around the house it seems strange to see her like that. But I understood the reason she had to wear them and didn't say anything that would embarrass her.
I took time off from work so I could spend the first week at home with my new family. The three females were very attentive the Kim's needs and they all took turns feeding her. I marveled at the way my mom, Donna's mom and Donna shared the baby responsibilities. However both mothers constantly encouraged Donna to sit or lay down and rest.
Life progressed as normal as possible with a new baby in the house. A week later all of us had settled in with varied feeding schedules and some sleepless nights. All of us were ready to respond the minute that Kim made a sound. Our daughter had all four of us on call 24 hours a day and we loved it.
Donna got up one morning and after showering, she walked out of the master bathroom nude. She stopped and posed for me, turning this way and that way. Finally she asked me, "Do I look as sexy as I did when we were married?"
I didn't hesitate to answer because I realized it was important for Donna to hear me say, "Yes baby, you are just as sexy if not sexier than when I married you! More importantly, you are now the mother of my wonderful baby girl and we are a complete family now!"
Donna ran and jumped on top of me and smothered me with kisses telling me, "You are really a sweet man and I love you so much!"
Both our moms and Donna were in the kitchen by the time I had showered and walked out there. My mom was feeding Kim while Donna and Beth were fixing everyone breakfast. We had a general conversation about nothing in particular. We decided we were going to relax today and do a little bit of nothing other than hang around by the pool and get plenty of sun. After eating breakfast and getting everything cleaned up, we went outside while the baby slept. Donna set the baby monitor next to her lounge so she would be able to hear the baby.
We took turns rubbing lotion on each other's body and soon all four of us were laying on a lounge working on our tans. It wasn't long before my mom asked, "When are we going to order pizza again?
That comment sparked a lively conversation over the next 15 minutes. Parts of the conversation included inviting Mike and Sarah to come into the house while other parts included asking Mike and Sarah when they had a day off so they could join us by the pool. There were all kinds of scenarios tossed around between the four of us. Neither one of us objected asking Mike and Sarah to come and visit. Both of our mothers were more interested in asking them what day they had off verses a short few hours visit. There was finally a consensus that I make the call to the pizza place and order a pizza for lunch and ask for Mike and Sarah to deliver it.
As the time ticked away towards noon I could tell everyone was anxiously waiting for me to make the call. When the baby fussed someone got up to go take care of her whether it was time for feeding or diaper changing.
Finally it was time to make the call, so I picked up the portable phone and dialed the number. A girl answered the phone and I asked, "Is this Sarah?"
She responded with, "Yes this is she."
I said into the phone, "Hi this is Matt." and was immediately interrupted by Sarah saying, "Oh HI! I was hoping that we would hear from you again!" Sarah asked me how the baby and Donna were doing and I told her everyone is fine and she could see for herself if she was going to be delivering our order.
Sarah squealed into the phone, "Oh yeah, I would be happy to! May I take your order Matt?"
I gave Sarah my order and then asked her if she and Mike were going to deliver. Sarah said, "Mike is off right now and won't be here until 4:00pm so I will be bringing your order out to you."
I thanked Sarah and asked her how long it would be before she arrived and she told me about 35 minutes. I thanked her again and said goodbye, then hung up the phone.
I was bombarded with questions about Mike and Sarah before I even laid the phone down on the table. I turned my head and looked at my mom and Beth and said, "Mike is off right now but Sarah is bringing out our pizza and will be here in about 35 minutes." There was an undercurrent of excitement even though only Sarah was coming out here.
The next 35 minutes dragged by and finally we heard the gravel in the driveway crunching and knew our pizza had arrived. I sat up looked at mom and Beth who were already standing. I got up and walked into the house to get the money and as I passed the nursery room door, I whispered to Donna that the pizza was here. As I reached my bedroom door, I heard the doorbell ring but I didn't worry because both of our mothers were there to answer it.
I retrieved the money and a healthy tip from my wallet and started back towards the living room and as I passed the nursery room door Donna joined me holding the baby. Both of us walked into the living room and I was surprised to see both Mike and Sarah standing in our living room. I smiled to myself as Donna and I walked towards them. Someone had already set the pizza box down on the table. When I walked over to where they were standing, I reached out my hand and shook hands with Mike then Sarah.
Sarah saw the confused look on my face and she spoke up saying, "Matt after you called, I called Mike and told him I was coming out here again and asked if he was busy or if he wanted to come out with me. I guess you know he wasn't that busy that he would stay away from this delivery."
I smiled at Mike and tried to make him feel more comfortable by saying, "I'm glad that you could come out. I know you enjoyed the last time you were here and as you can see, only one thing has changed. Donna is now holding our daughter Kim instead of carrying her."
Sarah of course did the female thing and asked to see the baby, so Donna turned her around and held her so Sarah could look at her. Mike was standing right beside Sarah but his eyes traveled between looking at the baby and looking at Donna's breasts.
Donna noticed Mike looking at her so she asked Mike, "Do I look any different than the last time you saw me?"
Mike wasn't sure how to answer that question until Donna openly invited him to look at her. My mom stepped over to Donna and took the baby from her arms allowing Donna to step back and part her feet so Mike could view all of her. At first Mike didn't really take time to look at Donna so she prompted him by saying, "Go ahead, don't be bashful, you can look at all of me!"
As Mike was openly ogling Donna's nude body it excited me to know that another male was looking at my lovely wife. Immediately my cock started to rise and Sarah noticed it right away and looked at my cock, then up at my face and back to my cock. I just smiled at her and she smiled back.
My mom broke the silence by asking, "Mike, Sarah when is your next day off together?
Both of them looked at my mom then Sarah said, "It really all depends. Mike and I can take time off anytime because it's only a part time job for us. We are rarely off at the same time unless we ask for it or call in and tell them we won't be there." Sarah continued, "The Pizza Palace has a lot of part time people they can call on so if we wanted time off, we can just take it off."
My mom heard Sarah and immediately asked, "Would it be possible for both of you take this afternoon off?"
Sarah looked at Mike and asked, "What do you think?"
Mike asked, "What would we do if we took the afternoon off?"
I said, "If you two can take off this afternoon, you are welcome to join us, have some pizza and go swimming in the pool."
Sarah looked at Mike and said, "Remember they have a house rule so both of us would be nude if we stayed here."
Mike hemmed and hawed until I realized what the problem was and I said, "Mike as you can see, my cock is hard and no one is worried about it so don't worry if you have or get a hard on while you are with us."
Mike looked relieved to hear that and he said to Sarah, "I can call in if you want me to but what are you going to do about work?"
Sarah smiled and pulled her cell phone out of her pocket. She dialed the Pizza Palace and when they answered the phone Sarah said, "Bob this is Sarah, look I don't feel well, can you cover me this afternoon?" Sarah listened to her phone and finally said, "Thanks Bob, I appreciate it, I'll see you on Friday."
Sarah smiled as she hung up her phone and said, "There, I'm all set until Friday, since tomorrow is my day off."
Sarah looked at Mike and although he looked nervous, he said, "I will wait a little while and then call in and tell them I won't be there today."
My mom and Beth clapped their hands and Beth asked, "Are you two staying here for awhile?"
Sarah looked at Mike and asked, "What do you want to do?"
Mike looked around at all of us standing there nude and said, "Honestly, I've had a hard on since we started out here in the car." After a few second pause he asked, "Are you sure it will be ok with all of you?"
Sarah pointed to my hard cock and asked Mike, "Do you think they will mind, Matt has had something pointed right at me for the past 15 minutes and you don't hear anyone complaining do you?"
Donna stepped towards Mike and said, "Look Mike, if you want to use the bathroom and take care of yourself first, you can do that but I am sure you won't offend either of us if you walked around our home with a hard on."
Beth asked Sarah, "Do you want to use my room or the bathroom to remove your clothes?"
Sarah asked, "Can Mike and I use your bedroom? I promise we won't do anything in there other than take off our clothes and leave them there."
Beth said, "Sure come on you two and I show you to my room."
As the three of them walked towards Beth's room my mom walked towards the nursery to put the baby down in her bed and Donna and I walked into the kitchen. Donna whispered in my ear, "Oh My God, this is more than I ever expected. I hope you don't mind me saying this but I am really excited over the idea that Mike is going to be nude soon and I will get to see his cock."
I whispered back, "I hope you don't mind me saying this but I and really looking forward to seeing Sarah without her clothes on to."
My mom came into the kitchen and smiled broadly at both of us and said, "Beth is helping Mike and Sarah take off their clothes. Her door is open and I heard them talking when I was in the nursery."
It took at least another five minutes before Beth came walking into the kitchen and as she got into our view she said, "Presenting for the first time in the nude, here is Mike and Sarah in their first nude experience with others."
As soon as Beth finished speaking Sarah stepped into view closely followed by Mike. There was complete silence in the room as each of us took time to look at the new nude couple.
My eyes went immediately to Sarah's pussy and I was delighted to see that she too was completely bald. Sarah is slim and stands about five foot and couple of inches, she has blonde hair on her head and her "B" sized breasts stood proudly out from her chest and topped off with light pink areoles. Sarah also has sparkling blue eyes. I could easily tell that she hadn't been exposed to the sun much because Sarah sported a farmer's tan. Sarah doesn't have a flat, toned belly but I can tell she takes care of herself unlike so many other people today.
Mike on the other hand stood at least six foot tall and had sandy brown hair, blue eyes, he was muscular and it was easy to tell he must exercise regularly. He had a six pack and his thighs looked hard. I looked at his cock and saw that he too was circumcised and about the same size as me. The only difference in his cock from mine was Mike had larger mushroom head at the end of his hard cock.
I looked around the room saw the only one looking at my body was Sarah. My mom, Beth and Donna were all looking at Mike. I have to congratulate both Sarah and Mike because neither of them covered their nude bodies.
After a few minutes of curious staring on everyone's part, I asked, "How about we eat some delicious pizza?" I offered Mike and Sarah a beer and each one accepted. I went to the refrigerator and pulled out 6 bottles of beer and took them out on the patio table. Everyone followed me out the door, Sarah carrying the pizza and mom had the paper plates and napkins.
We all sat down and after each of us had pizza and a beer the conversation started. Sarah said, "I feel a little bit weird being nude in front of everyone but I don't feel as uncomfortable as I thought I would."
Mike said, "I think you guys are the greatest ever! I've never met anyone as open as all of you are." Mike went on to say, "When Sarah told me that both of your moms were the ones we saw nude when we first came here, I thought she was pulling my leg."
Mike said, "When Sarah called me a little while ago saying that she was making a delivery out here and invited me to come along, I rushed through the shower so I would be ready when she picked me up on the way out here." He continued by saying, "I wanted to be here and see for myself that the lovely ladies who answered the door the last time we were here are indeed, your moms."
Both my mom and Beth giggled like school girls and Beth said, "Didn't I tell you I liked Mike, he is so well mannered and to think we make an impression on a young man."
Mom said, "Yes Beth, I love the fact that a young man like Matt thinks we are "lovely ladies" didn't puke on the front porch when we showed up at the door nude." Donna and I had heard that line before however we still laughed right along with everyone else.
Mike was quick to defend the ladies saying, "I may be young but I know excellence when I see it and both of you look excellent without any clothes!"
Both my mom and Beth jumped up and ran around the table to Mike's side and with one on each side, they leaned down and hugged Mike and kissed each cheek. Each of our moms took turns saying, "Thank you Mike!" After mom and Beth settled back into their chairs, the conversation started again.
Mike expressed his concern about being nude in front of others which sparked more conversation about nudity. Finally Mike expressed, "I wasn't sure I could do this right now and if it hadn't been for Beth, I don't think I would be sitting here now."
Beth smiled and said, "All I did was help him take his clothes off and once they were off, I told him there was no turning back because I'd already seen him naked so he might as well walk out to the kitchen with Sarah."
Mike looked at Beth and said, "Thank you for helping me, I think."
Mom asked Sarah why she was so quiet and Sarah said, "I still have trouble believing all of you are related and getting along so well especially being nude." "I mean, all of you live here and when you are at home everyone is nude and yet there is no mention of sex between you, I don't understand."
Beth spoke up and said, "Sarah, until a couple of weeks ago, I thought the same thing. When Brenda told me Matt and Donna had a no clothes rule in their home, I thought my daughter was involved in wild sex parties or something like that. It wasn't until I arrived here that I learned all of us can live a nudist lifestyle and not fuck each other's brains out."
Beth continued, "I've learned a lot from these two in the past couple of weeks and I am going to miss what I have experienced here, when I go home."
Sarah asked the three other women, "But don't you get horny seeing Matt's cock all the time?"
Donna started out saying, "Sarah, I am always horny and so is Matt. We have made love in each room of this house, out here on the patio, in the pool, in the back yard and even in the front yard in broad day light. We have shared our love for each other all over but that doesn't have anything to do with our being nude."
Donna said while looking at Mike and Sarah, "We chose to be nude because on our honeymoon, we were lucky enough to be in a secluded bungalow way out on the end of an island for the first couple of weeks of our marriage. We didn't dress because we were too busy making love all the time in the bungalow, on the beach and even in the ocean. We found it to be convenient and exhilarating to be without clothes. That's when we decided to live a nudist lifestyle throughout our lives."
Mom spoke up next saying, "I have in the past two weeks gained more self confidence than I ever had growing up. I always thought my body had to remain covered because I was afraid someone would make fun of me. Since I have been here, I have learned that it's not my body that would impress people but it's my personality and my positive attitude that will carry me a lot further no matter how I am dressed or undressed."
Beth was sitting next to Sarah and she asked Sarah to switch chairs with her. After they were both reseated Beth slide down in her chair a little and then opened her legs as wide as they would go. With Mike on one side and Sarah on the other side, Beth said, "A couple of weeks ago I would have never thought of sitting like this because my mom always told me it was unladylike."
Looking between Mike and Sarah Beth said, "Now I have learned to be proud of my body and to accept what I have as an asset not a liability. As you can see I am spread out and anyone of you can see all of me and I am proud to let you look and I certainly hope you enjoy the view. I will never hide my assets again."
The conversation was getting a bit in-depth so I asked, "Anyone for a swim?"
No one said a word but one by one each of us stood up and headed for the pool. Donna took the long way around by going in and checking on Kim first. When she returned she eased herself into the water since she wasn't up to jumping in yet. I reached the ball and brought it into the pool and asked if anyone wanted to play. We divided into three on a team with Mike, Donna and my mom on one team and Beth, Sarah and me on the other team.
For the first fifteen minutes we hit the ball back and forth and then we devised a plan for a point system. Like in volleyball if one team wasn't able to return the ball to the other team, then the other team scored a point.
The game was more interesting after we started counting points because all of us were diving for the ball to make sure it went back to the other side. While playing I can only speak for myself, I had hands on my cock when they should have been up trying to hit the ball. A couple of times I brushed a breast or two but I didn't want to take the chance of doing what my girl teammates were doing to me. We played over an hour before my team lost and we decided to take a rest.
Beth got out of the pool, dried off and went in to check on the baby. She came back out on the patio with the baby, sat down at the table and fed the baby while all the rest of us lounged in the end of the pool.
After Donna returned from putting the baby back in her room, the rest of us decided it was time to get out of the pool. I offered to rub sun tan lotion on anyone who would be interested in rubbing lotion on me. Donna stepped in front of me and my mom was right beside her. Each of them picked up one bottle of lotion and squirted some lotion in their hands and started to rub it into me.
Meanwhile Sarah and Beth shared that last bottle of lotion on the table and after squirting some in their hands, they started apply lotion on Mike's body. Sarah was putting lotion on his front while Beth applied lotion on his back.
Beth looked over Mike's shoulder and said, "Sarah the next time, I get to do his front and you get to do Matt's front."
My head snapped around and looked at Beth and Sarah. I asked Beth, "Don't I get anything to say about who rubs lotion on my front?"
Beth smiled at me, my mom and Donna before she replied, "Matt your wife and your mom are getting the pleasure of rubbing the lotion on you this time, so I think it is only fair that we give Sarah a turn at you and I will get the pleasure of rubbing lotion on Mike." She immediately followed up that statement with, "Right Mike?"
Mike was stunned and was only able to mumble, "Yes, I guess so, if you really want to but what about Sarah?"
Beth smiled at Mike and Sarah and then asked Sarah, "Would you mind rubbing lotion on Matt's front while I rubbed it on Mike's front?"
Sarah was blushing and said, "I am here, I am nude like all the rest of you and this is all new to me and to us. I want to experience as much as possible so I will be able to make an informed decision about being a nudist."
Mike, Sarah and Beth looked over at me and saw that my mom was on her knees massaging lotion up and down the front of my legs then between my legs before her hands moved to cup my balls before moving both hands to my very stiff cock.
With a new fist full of sun tan lotion my mom began applying the lotion with an up and down stroking motion. Since my mom's face was level with my rigid cock, I warned her that her hand motion was getting to me and if she kept it up I was going to cum.
Donna stopped rubbing lotion into my chest and leaned in to kiss me. When our loving kiss ended she whispered to me, "Don't hold back."
Mom continued to stroke my cock under the disguise that she was applying sun tan lotion and I felt my cum starting to move up out of my testicles. I warned mom by saying, "Mom I'm going to cum soon if you keep that up."
Mom never said a word and with her silence she gained the attention of everyone on the patio to see what was going to happen next. Patiently everyone watched and waited.
Finally I couldn't hold out any more and I warned mom one last time saying, "Mom I am about to cum!"
Donna moved in and started to kiss me passionately and blocked my view of my mom. Suddenly I couldn't hold it any longer and I moaned into Donna's mouth, "Here it comes!"
The next thing I felt shocked me more than anything in my life. All of a sudden as my come started squirting out of my cock, I felt a warm wet mouth on the end of my cock sucking, and sucking and sucking. I broke my kiss with Donna and both of us looked down to see my mom with the end of my cock in her mouth. My orgasm seemed to take forever as mom stroked the shaft of my cock and sucked just the end of my cock in her sweet mouth. My knees got weak and I had trouble standing. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever imagine that my mom would someday suck my cock.
When my orgasm subsided, my mom looked up at me with the end of my cock still in her mouth and mumbled, "Your father always loved me doing that for him apparently you love it to."
I smiled down at my mom and said, "Mom, you are the best and I love you so much, I can't properly express all the feelings I have for you."
There was a sigh off to my side and I looked over to see that Sarah had dropped to her knees. She was looking directly at Mike's cock while she continued to stroke it.
Barely speaking above a whisper Beth said, "Go ahead Sarah, Mike's been hard long enough. It's alright to take care of him if you want to."
Sarah looked all us and asked, "Are you sure it's ok with you if I suck his cock with all of you here?"
Donna said, "Brenda just sucked her son's cock for the first time in front of all of us and nothing happened, so please feel free to do whatever you want to do but please remember no one here will ever pressure you to do anything you don't want to do."
Beth smiled at Sarah and asked, "If it's ok with Mike and you, may I kiss Mike while you do whatever it is you're going to do down there?"
Before opening her mouth to take Mike's cock, Sarah said, "It's ok with me and I'm sure it will be ok with Mike if you want to kiss him."
Mike looked at Beth and without an exchange of words there was seemingly a mutual agreement between the two of them as both leaned in, closed their eyes as their open lips met in a passionate kiss.
As the three of us watched, it didn't take long before Mike started pumping his hips back and forth in rhythm to Sarah's sucking. Within a matter of minutes Mike moaned and mumbled into Beth's mouth, "I'm going to cum!"
Sarah heard that and pulled her mouth off Mike's cock and kept pumping him with her hand. Both my mom and Donna said, "Sarah put him back in your mouth, this is the best part!" Sarah looked at them quickly and then followed their instructions.
Sarah started doing what she had seen my mom do to me and only kept just the end of Mike's cock in her mouth and pumped up and down on the shaft with her hand.
Suddenly there was a groan from Mike, we saw Sarah flinch and we knew that Mike had started to cum in Sarah's mouth. Sarah tried to keep up and swallow all the cum squirting out of Mike but some of it dribbled out of the corners of her mouth.
Wiping her lips on the back of her arm, Sarah stood up and embraced Mike in a loving hug and kissed him. They held their kiss and explored each other's mouth with their tongues. When they finally came up for air, they stared into each other's eyes and then Sarah said, "I saved some of your cum of you to taste."
Mike looked lovingly at Sarah and said, "I realized that and I didn't pull away even though that's the strangest thing I've ever done." Mike followed up his statement with pulling Sarah's nude body close to his and said, "Sarah I love you so much, I really can't express in words how much I love you."
Sarah replied, "Mike I love you the same way and I hope we will be married someday and live just like Matt and Donna live."
Sarah went on to say, "Right now I think this is really wonderful that all of us are here and naked and no one has made me feel like I have to have sex with someone. I did what I did out of love for you Mike, not because you asked me to or anyone pressuring me into it."
Mike spoke up saying, "I have to agree with Sarah. All of you have made me feel wanted and welcome in your home and even though my cock has been hard since I got here, no one has mentioned having sex. This is truly awesome."
I looked at Mike and Sarah and said, "Donna and I have made love and we've enjoyed raw sex around our home. However, most of the time we really enjoy taking our time and making love to each other and meeting all the needs of our partner."
I continued saying, "One time we made love, right over there on the patio table and both our moms sat side by side, next to us, and not only watched us but encouraged us to make love."
Both Mike and Sarah looked wide eyed at us and Sarah asked, "Do you mean that you had sex in front of your moms?"
Donna was quick to respond, "No, no, we didn't have sex sweetheart, Matt and I made love and our moms watched us." She continued saying, "There is a difference between making love to someone you care so deeply for and just having sex with someone you know."
Donna went on the say, "Don't get me wrong, as Matt said, we've had raw, rough sex from time to time when the time is right but those occasions are rare and only when both of us want the same thing."
Mike asked, "I don't understand what you mean, what's the difference?"
Donna moved over to Mike's side, looking at Sarah she asked, "Do you mind if I am this close to Mike?"
Sarah said, "No, I want to know what you have to say and I want to learn more from all of you because I love being nude and not expected to have sex."
Mike looked nervous, not knowing what was coming next, when Donna stepped in close to him until their nude bodies touched and then she slipped her arm around him.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.