As the season wore on, the temperatures got hotter into summer, and everyone became more comfortable as they got to know one another. Winning tends to do that, Ally and her new team won way more than they lost. It was a fun group to be around and she was feeling really included at this point.
As she opened the door and entered the room pre-game that night, there was a bit of a party atmosphere already. A few of the guys were already undressed and walking in and out of the washroom in the nude. For background, this started last game, Ally decided to call it "parading" and didn't really mind the private show at all. She wasn't quite there yet at this point, but going topless was more the norm for her now.
She put her bag down on the bench in her usual spot and pulled her shirt over her head, then undid her bra and let it fall to her lap. The guys always stole glancing looks, but then again so did she, so fair was fair. Her nipples were at full attention in the humid air.
She proceeded to stand up next and undid her pants, then the zipper and pushed them down off her hips. When they hit the floor, she stepped out of them and kicked them beside her bag. Standing there in a cute purple thong, she suddenly had to pee.
Ally walked over to the washroom area and into the only stall, she could hear a few guys standing at the urinals beside her.
Closing the door behind her, she wiggled her hips and slipped down her panties and sat down on the cold metal seat, it gave her goosebumps and a little shiver when she made contact.
A few seconds later as she was finishing, the sensor on the toilet went off before she was ready and a loud "WHOOSH" echoed through the washroom and Ally let out a loud - squeak!.
The guys nearby all laughed. She tried to hide her embarrassment as she wiped and then stood up, sliding her undies back up.
As she opened the door and walked up to the sinks, she looked in the mirror and saw two naked bums at the urinals. Eric finished first and turned around to join her at the sink.
She had grown attracted to him over the last few weeks and they caught eyes at one another more than once in the dressing room recently.
Ian finished next and turned around to wash his hands as well. Lined up three in a row at the sinks and with guys on either side, everyone was trying to keep it together but she could feel something in the air.
She looked down at Ian and decided to break the ice, "Hey I thought guys couldn't pee when they had a boner?" she said with a coy look on her face.
"Hahaha, it's not impossible, just hard," he said looking down with a smile and back up at her.
"That's an understatement!" she said to him, pointing at his rather large inconvenience.
The guys were all slowly stiffening at this stage with the attention from her. So Ally decided to play with the energy a little.
"Hey can I ask you guys kind of a personal question?" she said, with a slight bite of her lip.
"Sure anything!," they all said in unison, almost before she finished talking.
"Ok, here it goes. What do guys like for hair, like down there on a girl," she said moving her hand down her breasts, past her tummy and coming to rest at the top of her panties. "I mean, you guys are all pretty much shaved, which looks great by the way, but what do you like to see on a girl?"
Ian answered first, "I don't know, I'm just happy to be invited."
The guys all laughed.
"No come on, be serious for a sec, we [girls] have no idea what guys like anymore, do you like a big bush? Is that it?" she said, making a big gesture in the air.
Eric answered laughing, "I don't know, I like trimmed I guess, or less."
"Really? Interesting!" Ally responded.
"Again, I mean, when you're with a girl and she's shaved it looks amazing, but so does a little bit of hair, as long as it's neat," Eric said, awkwardly trying to answer.
She looked around again slowly, noticing both guys were standing at full attention. Looking down toward Eric her eyes widened as she could see a small amount of pre-cum drooling from his tip onto the counter below. This was a real turn on for her.
She decided to press on and play some more with the situation.
"So Eric, if I talked to your girlfriend after the game tonight, she would say that she's shaved?" Ally said playfully.
"Ally you are not talking to her after the game!" Eric said with confidence but also with a pleading tone.
"I'm just teasing, I'll talk to Ian's girlfriend instead!" she said with a big smile.
"What!," he said playfully back to her, "I'll save you the trouble, she has a small landing strip above her lips."
"Oh fun, that makes us twins!" Ally responded with enthusiasm.
"Really!?" Eric asked with a curious tone.
"Ya, I mean it's fairly recent. I always used to shave it all, atleast ever since I've needed to," she said with a smirk looking up at the guys directly now.
"That's awesome," Eric said looking down at her, "Wanna prove it, I don't believe you!"
"What? Why?" she responded on her back heels for a sec.
"Well, how are we supposed to know?" Eric said, teasing with a smile.
Ally paused a sec, caught off guard.
"Ok, I guess," she said while moving her hands down.
Her hands landed below her belly button to meet at the top of her panties, she used her thumbs to push slightly, only a little, exposing the start of a small line of coarse hair, then she stopped.
"Oh wow," Ian responded, as the guys leaned in to see.
"How about you keep going," Eric said with a smile.
Turned on and wanting to take back some control, Ally thought about her options.
"Alright, I have one for you. Eric, if you score tonight, then my bottoms come off in the dressing room and you can see for yourself," she said with a big smile.
"Really? I'll score two just to see that!" he said.
"Ha, ok it's a deal then," she said, extending to shake his hand.
They filed back into the dressing room together. Looking up at the clock, she put on a sports bra and modestly changed her bottoms then got dressed for the game, the guys got dressed too and they all went out to the field together for the game.
As luck would have it, Eric did score that night, and when he did, he ran straight back to Ally in net and gave her a high five. She was blushing, knowing she had 20 minutes left in the game to think about getting naked in front of everyone back in the dressing room...
The final whistle sounded and the team arrived together back in the room. Guys were getting naked left, right and centre again as usual and Ally took her uniform off.
Sitting there on the bench, she got a shutout so lots of guys were coming in and congratulating her. As the last one sat down, she pulled off her sports bra and threw it in her bag, a few guys looked over but the group had grown more accustomed to seeing her walk around topless in the dressing room.
She looked over at Eric and he was naked a few seats over.
He gave her a big smile and pointed his finger to the middle of the room and covered his mouth pretending to giggle and be embarrassed.
Ally got the hint and growing up with two brothers, she knew that she could never back out of a lost bet with any dignity.
So she got up wearing only her spandex shorts into the middle of the crowded room.
"Go for it!" Eric said in an enthusiastic voice.
"Stop it!" she said, waving her hand back at him.
That unfortunately was just enough to get everyone's attention and the room went quiet. Ally blushed knowing that everyone was watching her now.
Then she stood with her feet shoulder width apart and raised her hands up and began sliding her bottoms down.
She could feel the air come out of the room as the guys watched with eyes wide open.
Past her hips they went, then fell to the floor. Most of the guys had a look of surprise because they had no idea this was coming.
Ally turned to face Eric, and pointed downward.
"See, a landing strip," she said with a huge smile and a ton of embarrassment.
The room erupted in a cheer.
"It's beautiful," Eric responded in a playful voice and with a golf clap for her.
Then she picked up her spandex bottoms and threw them at him. Her bottoms hit him in the chest and landed on his lap, covering his largeish boner.
Ally walked around in her birthday suit a bit, making sure to own it and parade a bit herself. The attention was actually a really big turn on and it was a fun mood in the room. It was quite the night for everyone.
Gradually they all got dressed and left the room together.
As they rounded the corner there were a few people waiting, including Eric's girlfriend.
As they walked, Ally looked over at Eric, then over at his girlfriend as they approached. His eyes became wide, not knowing what she was going to do next.
She walked straight up to his girlfriend and said, "Hi, I'm Ally," with a wave.
"Hi, I'm Leah,' she responded," great game tonight!"
"Thanks, Eric played well too, what a goal!" Ally said, raising her arms while smiling at him.
"What was all that cheering about?" Leah asked.
"Oh, Ally's shut out," Eric said, hoping there were no more questions.
Leah smiled at Ally and then turned and gave Eric a big hug. Leah's back was to Ally and she could see Eric's arm come up behind his girlfriend. She thought it was to hug Leah back, but it came towards Ally. His hand opened, it was concealing her spandex bottoms.
She snatched them out of the air before anyone could see and put them in her bag, blushing.
Looking up at him, she gave a playful smile to him and shook her head, then they all walked over to their cars.
She couldn't wait for the next game...