We See You...


Chapter 2

Derek and Colleen, a happily married middle-aged and sexually active, monogamous couple, are caught making love just inside their front door by their new neighbors, Roger and Paula. The newcomers visit the next day, and the foursome strike up a friendship, especially the two wives. Colleen brings her husband outside for a naked romp by their pool, and after Roger returns from out of town, Derek sees the other couple fucking in their own backyard. A few days later, Paula visits Derek and tells him she and Colleen planned their exhibition, wanted to be seen naked outside by the other. Colleen and Derek invite them over for a barbecue the next day...
********
Saturday morning I awoke with serious butterflies in my stomach. Both couples, bothspousesof both couples, now knew they had been watched, by design, in their most intimate moments together. It was Colleen and Paula, our wives, who had moved things in that direction without either Roger's or my knowledge or acquiescence, and I didn't know how Roger would react. He was young, fit, and didn't strike me as someone who would necessarily be willing to watched, given the choice.
Even so, our house is built for entertaining, and we were happy to have them over. Colleen and I wore swimsuits, mine a battered old pair of faded blue trunks which outlined almost nothing, along with a Hawaiian shirt. Colleen's bikini was a friendly blend of peach and lemon colors on a field of white, the center of her bottoms was covered by a slice of peach, bright and, if it had been real, fresh and juicy. Her red hair was unbound and wild, the humid air making it fluff and expand, and her kimono, barely enough to conceal her body, was patterned in vibrant pinks and oranges that screamed wild sensuality to anyone with a pulse.
We visited the store for barbecue food first thing in the morning, and picked up four small steaks, somebratsand rolls for the sausages. This would be supplemented with potato salad and a nice green salad with fresh avocado and plum tomatoes, and a decanter of lime vinaigrette, all chilling in the fridge.
"So, you ready for our guests?" Colleen was antsy, and I knew, despite her protestations and the eagerness she showed, that she shared my jumpiness about our little get-together.
"Babe, as I recall this wasyouridea, yours and Paula's..."
"I know, I know... Still nervous, and I know you are too."
I took her in my arms and held her close. "Babe, the worst that happens is they come over, we have a nice afternoon, nobody gets naked, and we all breathe a sigh of relief."
She grinned, nose to nose with me. "Best that happens is I get to see them fuck finally, and they get to watchus, unless you're suddenly unsure of your mighty sexual prowess, and prow..." My cock was restless, semi-erect and waiting for any opportunity. I felt her fingers stroke my thickening rod, her palm cradling it along its length. She sighed at the feel of it and her own surging excitement. "Feels like yourprowis doing just fine, Derek..."
She let go of me and flopped down onto one of our big, overstuffed couches, smiling her secret smile for me. "Besides, Paula and I agreed there would be no sex before the party. Or last night. Right now, I'm very, very horny, so are you, and I'm sure they both are. If anything happens, I want us all primed and ready!"
I laughed. "You really are a wicked woman, baby. So, you're really up to another couple in the same room when we get busy?"
"I am..." Her eyes were half-open, imagining no doubt the extent of her readiness to watch real-live homemade fornication, and be watched in turn, openly and publicly.
As if on cue, we heard Paula's cadenced knock. I strode over to the door exhibiting more confidence than I felt, and opened it.
Roger also wore trunks and a Hawaiian shirt, though both were newer and had seen less use than mine. He handed me a dark glass bottle, which I accepted. Paula's outfit was a white, nearly luminous bikini, sandals, and a diaphanous white wrap around her shoulders. It had warmed up outside, and would likely near the century mark later today, the perfect weather for a dip in the pool, or a skinny-dip. I invited them in; Paula was first, darting in with a great deal of eagerness, almost scampering over to Colleen.
Roger was more subdued, as if he didn't really want to be here. I empathized, but here we were in our house, ready for the afternoon. He greeted me with a frown, and leaned over to say something. "Our wives are fucking crazy..."
I laughed in agreement, and whispered back, the noise lost in the happy chatter of the women on the couch, laughing and talking. "Not sure I'm up for this, either, buddy. I'm hoping they'll chicken out, and we'll have a nice laugh about it the next time we all go out..."
He gave me a rueful grin which faded quickly. "Better still, we never mention it again. Paula told me how she watched you and your wife by the pool, and arranged for you to catch her with me." He seemed tense, understandably. "If she hadn't told me she'd arranged it, you and I would be having a very different conversation, Derek." The set of his jaw told me I wouldn't want to be on the receiving end of that 'talk'.
"Wouldn't even have occurred to me to watch another couple...coupling." I tried to placate him, in case he was actually pissed I'd seen them, but he relaxed, his eyes no longer threatening, now that he had made his point.
He scoffed quietly. "Not your fault, bub. Our wives are crazy."
We joined them in the living room, then I remembered the bottle he'd handed me, and went to the kitchen first. Looking at the label, I was surprised to see it was plum wine from the Japanese place that was our first 'date' with them. I set it in the refrigerator for later, pulled out four small aperitif glasses, and set them on the counter. I then grabbed a handful of grapes, rinsed them, and put them in a small bowl in the freezer, better than ice cubes for a fruit wine.
There was an undertone of what I could only term as self-consciousness, or perhaps giddiness, at the foundation of our invitation and their visit. Roger remained very reserved, though cordial, while Paula and my wife exchanged nervous tittering every time they spoke, almost like schoolgirls talking about their first crushes. We talked about movies and restaurants, our work, of which Roger was the most tight-lipped. He explained almost apologetically that his duties dealt with secret matters which he couldn't reveal to civilians. The subject of sex was never broached, not even tangentially.
Our wives seemed less hyperkinetic as the afternoon progressed, but I saw Roger getting more uncomfortable; he obviously he had conflicting thoughts about the pool party, and why the women had suggested we have one. Frankly, I did too. Watching them couple in their backyard, knowing Colleen had conspired with Paula to let her spy on us, made me uneasy as well. I wondered if anything would happen, which right at the moment I judged the chances at somewhat worse than fifty-fifty. It would have been a much more relaxed visit otherwise.
Finally, when our conversation seemed to peter out,though without our peters out, I thought with deep irony, I sat up. "Anyone else getting hungry?" Everyone said they were, whether from hunger or a desire to do anything but dance around the reason for our invitation.
Roger and I grabbed a couple of beers, and he watched me grill the four steaks and twelve of the twenty brats; we continued to chat a little apprehensively, but less so with the women indoors. In the kitchen, Paula helped my wife prepare the salad and dice two avocados, so there was plenty for all of us; we really like avocado.
Eventually, I carried the platter of sizzling brats and steaks indoors, very aware of the potential double entendre of bringing hot meat to our wives. The salad and potato salad were on the dining room table, and the buns and condiments were on the kitchen counter.
Everyone grabbed a steak, and one or two brats in buns apiece, then we settled at the dining room table where Paula had revealed her and Colleen's naughty schemes, my wife and I across from our guests. The presence of food relaxed us all, and we started to feel more sociable and human again. I noticed Roger didn't add any steak sauce. He replied he liked the meat as God intended, cooked and ready for a knife and fork, then nodded in approval that I hadn't put anything on my steak either.
Paula and Colleen drove the conversation as we ate, but everyone loosened up, and all four of us finally looked like we were enjoying the afternoon. Colleen and I took the dishes to the sink and washed up, stacking them in the dishwasher. I put the remaining brats in a glass container in the fridge, along with the last of the potato salad, then we all went back to the living room. The sun would be up for another few hours, and Paula was the first to mention it.
"We'd love to check out your pool, guys! And we're dressed for it. It's already been a half-hour since we ate, so no cramps, right?" She stood and headed to the glass doors, drawing them apart and walking through them as we rose and followed.
Colleen caught up to Paula, and whispered something in the blonde's ear, which elicited a giggle from our guest.
I asked her a moment later what she'd whispered, and she murmured to me, "No cramps, but maybe some stiffness..." The smoky look in her eyes told me they hadn't been deterred from their plan one bit.
The sun was warm, the shadows beginning to lengthen as the sun progressed lazily towards sunset, so we could all relax and bask in the rays. Colleen and I grabbed two of our lounges and lay out in the sun, just inches from the creeping line of shadow. Our guests were content with laying out on a couple of our big beach towels. Paula removed her kimono, and lay out next to Roger, just a few feet away from us. So far, no-one had discussed the exhibitionistic events, or made a move toward the water or stripping our swimsuits off.
Anticipation of watching our guests naked and intimate again had my cock stiffening, but at the same time my anxiousness about watching, or being watched, thankfully interfered with my erection.I guess I'm a cock half-full kind of guy, I mused. Roger was lying face down, shirt draped on our picnic table, concealing whatever state his dick was in, and I closed my eyes, lay back and enjoyed the fading sun.
I must have dozed, because I awoke to a loud splash in our pool, the edge of the shadow over my face now. Colleen was still next to me, and I looked over to see Paula emerge from the pool, pulling herself up by the ladder on the deep end closest to us. Her white swimsuit became transparent with the water, and she may as well have been naked. Her nipples were stiff with the cold and excitement, the curves of her tits nearly completely revealed, and her bottoms were similarly nearly invisible, showing off the pale, curly pubes underneath.
She looked over at Roger, still sunning himself, and walked over to stand in front of Colleen and me. Conversationally, she said, "The suit is special, very special... When I get wet, it looks like I'm naked all the way, and the only thing more fun is being more naked. Right, Derek?"
"Naked is great..." I mumbled, glancing over at Colleen, who gave me an assenting nod.
Roger's voice sounded from behind her. "Hey, buddy, that's mywifeyou're talking about." It was quiet, though, more amused than irritated.
"Roger, she's the one that brought it up...," I countered, not realizing until a moment later the double meaning in my words, if not my intent. Paula grinned and looked pointedly at my crotch, and my eyes followed her gaze. I was hard, the head of my cock almost to my waistband, prominent even under my trunks.
She giggled, and my wife made an appreciative noise when she spotted it too. Her hand came up, hovering in indecision over whether to stroke me a couple of times, then she lowered it, turned to Paula. "Has your husband seen you in that?"
"Inandout of it, Colleen..."
A low, lustful chuckle crept out of my wife. "If I wore something like that, we'd never get out of the pool."
Paula sat on the end of my wife's lounge. "I think you'd look great in something sheer..."
I grunted half a laugh. "Hey, now that'smywife you're talking about!"
Roger laughed.
Colleen sat up and looked at me and at Paula. "I feel like getting into the pool now. Since I don't have a transparent swimsuit..." She stood and stripped off top and bottom, standing unashamed in front of us. Her smile was wholly innocent for a moment, then it was replaced by a sassy leer, filled with the promise of more indecency soon. She walked over to stand by Roger's head.
"Your wife got to see me naked already, Roger. Do you want to be the only one here who hasn't seen my bare tits and pussy?" His face was partially concealed, but his body language made it clear that he, too, enjoyed the view. With a joyful laugh, Colleen stepped swiftly around him and jumped into the pool. When she came up for air, water streaming down the auburn locks now plastered against her head, she crooked a single finger at me.
I followed her lead, stripping my trunks off swiftly, though I didn't encourage Roger to look at my naked body, and joined her in the shallow end of the pool. She was on me in seconds, kissing me passionately. I hadn't made love to her, or even seen her entirely naked, since Thursday, and I was past ready to enjoy Colleen. She had been very right that the lack of sex had made the two of us more eager to get together, regardless of our company. Buoyed by the warm water, my wife lifted her legs and put them around me, her pussy rubbing against my ready cock.
Her lips brushed my ear. "I want you to fuck me, Derek." Her tone was easy, conversational, as if she was asking for another helping of cobbler. "In front of our guests." She nibbled my earlobe, and maneuvered so her hole was right at the tip of my dick.
I didn't need to be told twice. Reaching underwater and below her gorgeous ass, I pointed my cock into her, and pulled her hips down and into me. We both sighed when I entered her and pushed all the way in, filling her sexy, mature pussy. Colleen sighed and we started to hump, the water splashing between us, passionate little waves traveling outward and reverberating back on us when they hit the pool sides.
She moaned with each thrust into her, then leaned back, laying her upper body in the water, letting me continue to fuck her as she floated. Her breasts spread and moved as I pounded her, the nipples curdled with desire, a rapturous smile on her face, an occasional gasp leaving her lips.
I glanced over at our guests, curious how they would react to seeing us openly fucking in the water, mere feet away from them. Paula sat with her feet dangling in the water, a look of wanton lust curling her lips. When she saw me gaze at her, she pulled off her top and tossed it behind her, exposing her pale breasts in the late afternoon light. Her nipples were still erect, but not from the cool wind.
Over her shoulder, she called to her husband, voice filled with an awe that seemed more appropriate for seeing Mount Rushmore for the first time, "Roger, they'redoingit. Right here!" When he sat on the edge beside her, Paula leaned back and slipped one hand inside her bikini bottoms, spread her legs and leaned back with her other arm propping her up.
I could discern the outline of her fingers stroking her pussy through the translucent fabric, and it stunned me that her fingers moved in time to my thrusts into Colleen, and that they weren't justonher bush, but probing the pink gash I'd seen her husband penetrate in their backyard. My gaze was fixed on her, and she smiled at me, a cheeky leer, then parted her lips to moan in shared delight. Paula turned to Roger, putting her free hand behind his neck and pulling him into her for a long kiss, fingers still stroking herself, her hungry eyes taking in the whole tableau.
Paula whispered something to Roger, who balked at first, a look of profound awkwardness on his face, obviously reluctant to do more than watch, or even watch at all. His wife stopped fingering herself, her hand moving to his crotch, stroking the visibly growing erection through his swimsuit. He was still ill at ease, but the gentle friction on his cock was clearly welcome, and he responded to her mouth on his.
The sight of Paula rubbing Roger's cock was intimate, erotic, and I couldn't tear my eyes away. I felt my hips quicken, humping Colleen, who remained floating on her back in the pool as we fucked, a little bit faster. I glanced down, and she looked completely content, totally at ease, her breasts shifting back and forth on her chest as she moved back and forth in the water. I was completely aware of every sensation, and the sight of the other couple's foreplay drew me irresistibly further into my wife, literally and figuratively.
I turned back in time to see Paula turn to him, lift her legs out of the water, still clad in her sheer bikini bottoms, and kneel on the edge of the pool in full profile to me. "Stand up for me," I heard her murmur, and he rose cautiously to his feet. As soon as he stood, she undid the string on his trunks, pulling them down to expose the thick and awakened member, then ran her tongue in a circular motion on its head, still ogling our play in the water.
Colleen's eyes were still closed, and she whispered up to me between my quickening thrusts. "They watching us, baby?" She panted, ran one of her palms over her breasts, squeezing and fondling them lazily. Her pussy tightened around my hard-on, and I moaned again, louder than I'd intended.
"Yes. She's about to suck his cock..." Paula heard me, and peeked over again at me and Colleen as I continued humping her in the pool. Her grin was salacious, wicked, and she took Roger's erection, now hard as steel, quivering with desire, into her mouth. Bobbing her mouth on his hard-on, glancing over at me with a wicked leer, she started blowing him in earnest, still timing each in-stroke with my thrusts into Colleen.
Between the excitement of fucking my girl in front of them, watching Paula blow Roger, and not touching my wife for nearly two days, I couldn't be slow or restrained. Pounding her almost frenziedly, the water now frothed around and between us as I neared my climax. I gritted my teeth against the rush of cum ready to spill inside my wife.
Colleen's voice cooed to me, "Oh, that's sogood, fuck me hard baby..." There was no attempt at restraint or quiet, and Paula reacted by slipping one hand inside her bottoms again, closing her eyes and fingering hard and fast as she sucked Roger off, abandoning all decorum in the grip of our mutual four-way carnal hunger.
Holding back the ocean would have been easier than holding back my climax. One last deep penetration, and I pulled my wife, still floating, against me as fully as possible, my cock pushing all the way into her. Pulse after pulse of semen spilled upon her inner shores. My orgasmic groans were emphatic and reasonably quiet, and Colleen's mouth opened in a final, silent scream, arching her back in the water, grabbing my hands to help pull me in further. She gasped as my cock quivered inside her, emptying itself, then she opened her eyes to watch our guests' oral display.
Paula's moans were muted by the erection in her mouth, traveling faster between her open and waiting lips, velvety tongue waiting to catch its reward. Roger humped her face faster, then shivered and gasped when he shot his wad on her tongue and cheeks. I could see his cock pulse, driving his creamy white load into her face.
Colleen lifted her upper body up further out of the pool, enfolding me in her arms, breasts cool and warm, heaving against my skin with each breath. She kissed me on the cheek, eyes fixed on the intimate act happening on the rim of our pool. Lightly, she said, "Paula sure sucks cock well, doesn't she?"
"You liked that, then?" I knew it was impossible to have a truly private discussion with her while they were on the edge of the pool, but I kept my voice low anyway.
"I did," she said simply. Turning to our guests, she spoke more loudly. "You two enjoying the view?"
Paula looked over at us. "And watchingyou. And taking Roger's load." She looked up at her husband, his eyes still closed. "You like it, baby?" She swirled her tongue around Roger's glans, taking another couple of spurts in her open mouth, then using his cock to wipe the remnants of his semen on her cheeks and chin.
Roger's post-orgasmic reply was quiet, non-committal, but it was clear he had loved cumming in her mouth, even if he wasn't entirely comfortable with being watched. Paula leaned down to the water, tits dangling almost to the edge of the pool, then cupped some pool water in her hand, rinsing her face and breasts, cradling Roger's testicles lovingly with her other hand. A drop of his cum dribbled onto her thigh, and she ignored it
Colleen and I clambered out of the pool and toweled each other off; the remnants of my load leaked out of her pussy as she got out, and I watched the little clots of white dissipate in the water, secure in the effectiveness of our filtration system. Colleen looked indecently happy, appropriate since we had very indecently fucked in full view of them, and watched a very sexy and indecent fellatio.
Momentarily gratified, all four of us went back into the living room. I closed the screen and left the sliding doors open for air. Colleen grabbed some old towels and laid them along the length of both couches, then took her seat by me, flouncing down and leaning into me, one hand on my knee, her head against my shoulder. She smelled of feminine musk and chlorine, and I would have taken her again right there if I could have.
She kissed me briefly, then turned to our guests. "Best pool party ever, right?" Clearly pleased with their wicked machinations, she shared a smile with Paula, then glanced over at Roger. "You're awfully quiet. What could we do next time for you to enjoy it more, Roger?"
He looked uncomfortable and satisfied, quite a feat to do both at the same time. "Ma'am, I'm just...I've never done that with an audience. Or been an audience to that before."
Paula gingerly stroked his flagging erection, cooing her words at him. "You didn'tdoanything, baby. I did all the work, and allyouhad to do was cum. You did a great job with that, though!" She looked over at me. "Hey, Derek, how about that plum wine?"
I nodded, moved away from Colleen, who sprawled happily on the cushions, and went over to the kitchen for the libation. Filling all four glasses just over halfway, I deposited a couple of frozen grapes in each of them. "Paula, can you help with this?" She came in and grabbed a pair of glasses for her and Roger, leaving me with the last two for us.
We sat and chatted some more, making no further reference for now to our play outside. Paula was the first to drain her glass, and chewed the thawing grapes slowly, almost sensuously. Her nipples were erect, excited, and I noted with a smidgen of disappointment that her bikini bottoms were nearly dry, and no longer transparent.
"Hey, there's something wrong here!" Paula stood up in mock surprise. "You're all naked! I'm going to catch up..." She set her glass down, and slowly shimmied out of her bottoms, looking at me, her eyes on fire, breathing slowly as the last of her bikini floated down her legs and to the floor. "Much better, don't you think?"
I didn't trust myself to answer, not sure about the etiquette of complimenting another man's naked wife in your living room. She sat down, crossing her legs at first, then changing her mind and letting her thighs part, displaying her blonde bush, wispy and translucent, barely concealing her pink labia. Though I didn't stare, I was sure those pussy lips were moist.
Paula sighed breezily, the empty aperitif glass in front of her. "Great plum wine! I think I have my second wind, Roger. I'm also the only one of us who hasn't cum yet. I'd like for you to do something about it, please..." Standing, she straddled him facing us, one leg on either side of his, then scooted her bare tush back into his lap. He was already beginning to recover, and his dick was under her, stiff once again and pointing from under her pussy into the room like a missile.
Even so, he looked very awkward, didn't reach for her. "Sweetheart, I'm not sure I'm..."
Paula reached between her legs and stroked the reluctant hard-on. "Iam. You need to put that stiff dick inside me now.Yougot to watch Derek and Colleen fuck and cum in the pool, and got your cock sucked in the bargain too! I'd threaten to let Derek do the honors, but Colleen and I agreed to just watching. So, let's give them something to watch!"
She reared up an inch or two, then her caresses pointed Roger's cock skyward, hovering at the glistening, pink entrance. Paula lowered herself onto it, letting it slide into her inch by inch, eyes closed, and sighed audibly. "Oh, that's what I want, baby. Fuck me slow..." Her mouth opened wide in a silent, covetous scream as she settled down onto it fully. "Fuck, baby... Do me in front of our hosts, honey. Let them watch while youfuckme..."
She rocked her hips slowly at first, gyrating her hips in a circle, gently embracing the thick shaft inside her pussy. Her eyes were closed in rapture, no doubt feeling every inch of Roger's thick cock rubbing on every inch of her pussy. She said one word, "God...," stretching the lone syllable out, almost as sexy as watching her was.
Paula and Roger built their rhythm almost lazily. He started pushing inside her as she undulated her hips against his groin, littleoohsandaahsescaping her lips each time she moved back. His rigid dick was visible beneath her twat, disappearing and reappearing into his wife. My cock hardened, as if Colleen and I hadn't fucked for their voyeuristic pleasure only a little while ago, a very sexy reaction to the act taking place before us. I barely breathed as they started to fuck in earnest.
"Colleen...aah..." Paula's voice was low, sultry, demanding attention. "Colleen... If you saw this on the internet, saw Roger fucking me just like this, you'd play with your pussy... Wouldn't you..." Her breasts were heaving, watching us watch her get laid, and her lips curled in a reckless leer, laden with sheer desire, her eyes on my wife. Paula's breasts were not quite as full as Colleen's, the nipples pink like rose blossoms, a contrast to Colleen's heavier breasts and larger brown nipples.
Sighing in desire, Colleen nodded, and her hand slipped surreptitiously to her crotch, started rubbing along the dark red curly hairs there. She leaned away from me, her head on the armrest, and turned on her side to face them, giving me an excellent view also. She then put her right foot on the side of her left knee, spreading her pussy, moved her hand between the twin halves of her bush and on the moist, pink gash she revealed. Her fingers slid inside, squelching quietly within her sopping hole, her eyes fixed on the other couple, slowly fingering her clit and twat. She moaned quietly.
Paula's eyes lingered over every move my wife made, sighed when her fingers moved inside up to her palm, all the way inside. Her dark red bush was sodden with her juices, Colleen's fingers growing wetter as they traveled over her labia and inside. Paula was as taken with the sight as I was. "Fuck, Colleen... That is so hot..." Her voice was brimming with naughty passion.
My wife moaned again, hungrily watching them for what I realized was her first time, a radiant smile on her lips. "You two...ahh!...are so fucking hot yourselves, sitting on my couch, fucking right in front of us..." She turned her head to look at me, moaning harder. "You like it too. I can tell, baby..." Then she turned her gaze at them once more, watching their carnal momentum building.
She was right. My cock was at full attention, and I felt a horny thrill when Paula directed her glance to my crotch and my quivering dick. Our guest spoke next. "Youareliking it, aren't you, Derek!" She leaned forward and to her left, bent nearly double with Roger's dick the pin in her hinge, giving him room to watch my wife. "Baby, doesn't Colleen look great, fingering her snatch while we fuck her in front of her?"
"She...does..." His voice was thick with strain, and I knew he was prolonging the show for all of us. I saw his hips thrust, imagined his cock thrusting up inside her wet hole, certain she would only cum after he had filled her for the first time that night.
Paula looked at me again. "You like watching, Derek. At least, Ithinkyou do." Leering at me, her voice was little more than a purr. "Prove you like it. Play with your cock for me."
My right hand went automatically to my hard-on, eager to please her, started humping my fist in the living room as my wife masturbated next to me. Paula made a satisfied noise. "Just like that. Cum for me while I fuck Roger. I want to see your semen spill everywhere, not inside your wife, but in the open air..." Her whisper was hypnotic, and I laid my other hand on Colleen's thigh to stroke the inside of it while we both masturbated for our guests. Who were fucking for us.
Colleen reached with her free hand to her full breasts, started kneading them while she fingered herself. She quivered and shook, an orgasm coursing its way through her, but she kept going, the other couple seemingly her lust's only focus. She arched her back in ecstasy, still playing with her pussy, her mouth opening for a deep, lusty moan. "Ah, fuck, Paula! I love watching the two of you balling. So sinful and naughty..."
Paula smiled at the compliment, and looked up at me again. I stroked slowly, waiting for them to be nearly done, knowing she wouldn't want me, no-one here would want me, to be the last to finish. As if anticipating my thoughts, Paula spoke again, sultry, smoky, divinely slutty. "Jack off on Colleen's tits, Derek. I want to see you cum on them. Cum all over her for me, baby..."
I glanced at Colleen, her eyes half-open in a dreamy state, and she nodded. Standing, I put one foot on the couch by her side, and leaned over. My orgasm was imminent, and I groaned, rubbing my cock inches over my wife, who turned onto her back and watched eagerly. She whispered, "Cum forme, baby. Shoot your hot load all over my tits. Cum for me, cum for me..." Her fingers were squelching inside her sopping wet pussy, and I didn't want to hold back another moment.
My orgasm roared out of me, from both my cock and my throat as my satisfied bellow rushed out into the room. The first blast of semen shot out onto my wife, but above and past her breasts, landing instead on her face, a white sticky line of cum right down the center. As the first spurt bisected her face from chin to forehead, the very furthest portion coming to rest on the widow's peak of her auburn hair, she chuckled lustily. "Aim,thenfire... You missed my tits, baby..."
I was already pointing the barrel of my dick lower, and another spurt dashed out onto her throat and the third right between her tits. She and Paula giggled together, watching the thick white stuff drip down off her breasts and chin and face. Colleen licked her lips, claiming the little bit that rested there, and smacked them in pleasure, then started to spread my jizz all over her breasts, smearing it all over her erect nipples.
It was the ultimate turn-on for all of us. Paula practically screamed, her ecstasy taking her over the edge into Nirvana. "Roger...cum inside me baby!" We turned together to look at our guests, Colleen's fingers and my fist still working on our pussy and dick. Paula's eyes were closed, her mouth open in a tight 'O', waiting for the final moment.
Roger came. His bellow of release was at least as loud as mine, and his hips thrust upward, lifting Paula momentarily clear of the couch. He thrust several more times into her, and I saw a dribble of cum slosh out of her pussy and onto the thirsty towel underneath.
"Oh, fuck,yes, baby!" Her voice rose almost to a scream, and she frantically moved her hips, fucking the last little bit of cum out of him. Paula arched her back, thrusting her breasts out, driving her ass down into Derek's groin. The air in the confines of the living room was thick with the musky odor of her pussy, and Colleen's. By itself I thought it could make me cum again..
Paula fingered her clit, rubbing it up and down quickly, and gasped once more and trembled again, finally collapsing back against Roger. They were both panting, and I saw his cock, glistening with her juices, glide out of her. His hands gingerly moved up her side to her breasts, cupping them as he kissed the back of her neck, and she brought her fingers to her lips, delicately licking off the cum that had collected there.
"Fuck, oh fuck, Roger... That was so..." She didn't supply a word, but we knew it was something likewonderfulorbeautiful, and she smiled beatifically, eyes closed for a moment.
Once our four-way afterglow subsided, we each grabbed clean towels from the stack next to the coffee table, scrubbing away cooling pussy juices and viscous clots of semen from our bodies and privates, tossing the soiled cloths in a pile on the floor. The other towels remained on the couches for now, in the event of another sudden desire to watch each other screwing.
Colleen got up after a few minutes and refilled everyone's glasses again, adding the last of the frozen grapes also. I got up and closed the sliding glass doors now that the sun was down, and the air much cooler. Everyone settled back onto the couches across from each other, and with the ice effectively shattered, this time the topic went straight to sex.
Paula, of course, was first. Even after watching and having sex, she wasn't tired. In fact she was quite the opposite, alert, happy and relentless. "So you guys haveneverdone that before meeting us?" The way she said it made it sound like she was astonished we'd never visited Europe, which of course we had.
Colleen piped up. "Nope. Just porn."
Roger laughed more easily than earlier; something about orgasms just loosens one up. "You wouldn't believe the kind of porn I've run across. Don't really like it, myself..."
Paula dove into the pause head-first. "I do! My favorite is the amateur stuff. Love to see two people in love, filled with healthy lust, fucking away without having to remember lines, and without any ridiculous plotlines, like not having money for the pizza, or letting the plumber lay his pipe..."
"So, you like porn and Roger doesn't?"
"Iknow, right? Usually it's the men who sit in front of a computer screen, looking for the next thrilling episode of Guess Who's Pussy I Want To Drill? I'm home alone sometimes, and we don't cheat, so sometimes I'm naked in front of the kitchen desk, drilling my own hole." She chuckled feelingly. "He comes home and I rush to the door naked, and I'm all over him! Which he loves, right baby?"
"I do," he admitted sheepishly, and I sat amazed at the woman I thought was demure and not at all driven by sex, now telling how sexually aggressive she was with her husband, and that she watched and enjoyed porn. I caught Colleen's eye, arched one eyebrow ironically, and she nodded, covering a smile.
"So, Paula," I began, "How did you learn to love all this?"
"Well, Daddy was a pornographer, and Mommy was a call girl. Very high class." She looked so serious, and Colleen goggled at her for a moment, her nipples stiffening at the admission.
Paula held for a beat, then let the air rush out of her lungs in a deep guffaw. "Fuckno! My dad actually worked on steel buildings as an engineer, my mother was a school teacher. Neither of them told me much about sex, so I had to learn on my own."
She turned to her husband, her voice pitched low and smoky like ten-year old scotch. "I fucking love you, Roger, andlovewhen youfuckme." I realized belatedly that one glass of plum wine was probably a good limit for her.
"Rodge...I mean Roger, has Paula always been this open about sex?" I saw him bristle at the nickname, and knew it was something perhaps even more private than their lovemaking. Especially now.
Roger laughed for the first time in our house, in fact in our presence. "Yes, my gorgeous bride isverysexual. I'm just glad I can keep up. And, she is much more satisfying than just watching a couple, or more than a couple, having sex on TV."
Paula smiled coquettishly, batting her eyes at us all. "I actually grew up agood girl, if you know what I mean. Didn't kiss my first boy until I was sixteen. I was a virgin until I was nineteen, in college, and had a couple of boyfriends I was very...active with. I went from mild curiosity about sex to full-on, complete abandon, in about three seconds after getting my first dick inside. Three years later I met Roger, and we got married two years later, just before he was deployed to the Northwest.
"My man is very satisfying, but I'm usually the one to start things up. The sexual aggressor, I think they call it." She squeezed his thigh lovingly, stroking it. "I'm so in love with him, and I never want him to get bored with me." The admission was, no doubt, driven by the remains of the second glass she had just drained.
Roger nodded. "She's the wildest girl I've ever been with." He turned to nuzzle her ear. "There is absolutely nothing dull about our love life. Not one bit. Honestly, she's also the best girl I've been with..." He looked over at her with a loving smile.
"...Or in?," she finished for him.
"Or in," he agreed quickly, reddening.
Paula's eyes settled on me. "What about you? How many young girls' fields have you plowed?"
"Besides Colleen's, just three. We got married when we were juniors in college, had known each other since we were seniors in high school."
"Known? In the biblical sense?" She was needling me now, and I was enjoying it.
"No, just friends at first. Nothing happened until almost May of our first year in college..."
Colleen jumped in. "Derek's girl Sandra had just broken up with him. He walked in and saw them fucking in his dorm room,hisbed."
"Derek's?" Paula seemed scandalized and aroused.
"Yep. He walked in on them, threw them both out..."
"I burned the sheets, too...," I added grimly. I remembered literally doing that, furious at her betrayal, and felt my wife's fingers touch mine comfortingly.
Colleen laughed merrily. "He needed someone to talk to, I went out with him, and the rest is history!"
Paula was rapt with attention, and the conversation lagged. It was the kind of pause where no-one had anything to say, and everyone just stopped for a moment. Paula dove into the opening. "So, Colleen, what about you? Were you a wild, slutty girl ridden hard and broken to the reins by the love of your life, or were you a good girl like I was?"
"Okay, but youcannottell my husband..." She grinned sidelong at me. "I was actually a virgin, then after six weeks of dating Derek I couldn't wait anymore. Practically jumped him. He was such a gentleman, didn't want me to think he was using me to get back at Sandra, took things very slowly. Almost glacially."
"So you've never slept with anyone else?"
Colleen shook her head, her red curls bouncing as they moved side to side. "No. We made up for lost time quickly though, and I really love sex with him. Derek was the perfect guy for me to fall in love with, the best guy to pop my cherry, and a great husband and lover." She turned to me, eyes shining. "I do love you so much, babe..."
"I love you too." I kissed her, little more than a peck, and she sighed.
Paula chuckled, not quite breaking the spell. "I love romance almost as much as Roger's hard cock pounding me. Very romantically, of course!" She kissed Roger quickly. "So, what else should we do while waiting for our men to recover?"
We chatted, then played cards for a couple of hours after that. I put the wine away and brought out decaf for all of us. Both women took theirs with cream, which I found oddly funny.
Finally, it was eleven, and Paula stretched, her joints and back popping, as she let out a huge sigh, smiling at Colleen, then at me as she stood up. "We'd love to stay all night, or I would, but I'm afraid I need my beauty rest." She leaned over and picked her bottoms up from the floor and pulled them on, turned sideways to us and presenting her pert little bottom to her husband, shaking her tush as she pulled it the last little way over her pale, rounded buttocks. She then let herself out into the backyard to collect her top and kimono, and Roger's Hawaiian shirt and trunks.
I blinked. This was a fairly abrupt end to the evening, though not at all unsatisfactory, and we sat on the couch, still naked. Colleen leaned over and ran her hand along the inside of my thigh, not quite brushing along my semi-hard cock. They both dressed quickly.
Paula grinned. "I should have worn something more...substantial. I knew we'd be over after dark." She batted her eyes again, this time directly at me. "You and Colleen were wonderful hosts, and I really want to do this again. Soon..."
We got up to see them off, us naked, them wearing barely enough not to be, and walked them to the door. Paula hugged Colleen, whispered something in her ear, and my wife covered her grin with one of her hands, nodding. Roger and I shook hands tentatively, and he thanked us for our hospitality.
Colleen turned to Paula. "We would have loved for you two to stay the night. We have a couple of guest rooms you could have used."
Paula answered quickly, very demurely. "Maybe another night. Actually, some other night we probablywilltake you up on it... We have to be up at nine tomorrow to get ready."
"Ready for what?"
"Church. We're trying them out, and we want to be in time for the eleven a.m. service. I hear the preacher is going to be talking about coveting thy neighbor's ass." She gave me a salacious wink, and I had the strong impression she wanted to hug me and give me a quick handjob to say goodnight. They stepped outside and we shut the door, listening to their voices fade on the way to their home.
Minutes later, we took care of the last of the dishes and headed up to bed. Colleen lay curled up against me, still keyed up for what I had to agree had been a very erotic night, far different than any we'd had before. She was almost breathless with excitement, and I could easily picture her watching them again, or letting them watch. "God, Derek... That was so fun! So much better than porn, even the amateur stuff..."
"You know I've never done this either..."
"I know, and neither have they!" She rolled on top of me, her generous breasts spreading across my chest, her legs parted, knees on the mattress to keep her stable and close. "You know, I was very close..."
"More than close, baby. You practically came for ten minutes straight..." I punctuated my words with a slow kiss on her lips.
"I know, and thank you, baby. What I was close to was seeing if they wanted to...you know...all four of us..."
I chuckled, felt myself harden against her lush pubes. "You wanted to have him fuck you, didn't you?"
"I've always had a thing for Jim Carrey; you know that!" She was teasing now.
"So you noticed the resemblance, too..."
"Yes, butafterI noticed how thoroughly he fucked Paula. She wasn't exaggerating about how good he is in bed. Or on the couch..." She eyed me half-seriously. "You're not jealous, right?"
"How could I be? I had the best lay in the house. Besides which, if you were going to let Roger put his dick in your mature twat, where would that leave me and poor Paula?"
She laughed more loudly now. "Watching us. Or screwing next to us."
"You know I'm not interested in balling her, right?"
"She sure showed a lot of eagerness to hop on you, if her eyes were any indication..." Again, she was serious and not. "She eyed your dick like it was going to be the first course in an all-you-can-suck orgy buffet. Not that I can blame her. I love how you feel in me..."
I scoffed. "I think it was just the plum wine. They made it very clear they're not into swapping, and neither are we."
"I think you're right. We'll get a couple of bottles for next weekend." My wife was clearly very satisfied, even content.
"Nextweekend?"
She looked like a Cheshire cat just then. A very horny, scheming Cheshire cat. "You know we're not done, and this was such a wonderful experience for us. Them too, and Paula asked if next Saturday would work for us."
I would have answered, but she chose that moment to cover my mouth with hers, and reach one hand down to slip me inside her still wet and hungry pussy.
We tabled the conversation for another hour as she rode me slowly, then very, very quickly, and finally we fell asleep thoroughly satisfied.