She followed him from the cubicles.
She followed him up the corridor.
She followed him up the stairs.
She even followed him as he walked to the toilets, right in the back corner of the building, up past the kitchen and the boiler room. She had to have been following him - there was no other explanation. Warily, he approached the men's bathroom and turned as surreptitiously as he could, and saw-
-No. No, she wasn't following him. She was just going to the women's bathroom, which sat a few doors behind him, the female toilets first in the hallway, the men's second, further along. He exhaled, even as the admittedly rather cute girl paused half way into the space beyond the door.
'You should use the cubicle in the back.' She said softly, her blue eyes flashing up at him. He could have sworn-no, surely not-that she had looked, just for a second, at his crotch as she had turned to enter the toilets. Then she was gone, as quickly as she had arrived.
Shaking his head as he pushed into the men's room, Shawn put the attitude out of his mind, stepping up to the urinal to relieve himself. As a contractor, here to assist the IT team with a server migration between systems, he had only been here a few hours; just long enough to get himself set up with the team and logged into the environment. He wasn't familiar with the company - and he didn't really want to be. From his experience, clients were weird - some had odd expectations, some didn't respect your boundaries, and some were just outright pricks, so far jammed up their own rectums that they came back out the other side, miraculously free of shit stains - at least on the outside.
As Shawn's zipper came down, he heard a tapping sound, and at first, he didn't think much of it. But then, as it continued to ring out in the empty bathroom, he looked about. The sound seemed to be coming from - he frowned - the end cubicle.
Having not yet begun to urinate, Shawn stepped back from the urinal, zipping up his fly as he approached the spot curiously. The tapping sound grew louder, and as he approached, he realised it was something in the cistern. He stepped in, closing the door behind himself so that no unsuspecting toilet user might walk in and find him with half the toilet undone, and reached for the cistern lid to take it off - only for the lid not to rise, but torotate,twisting forwards and down towards the toilet seat, to reveal not a tank and plunger, but a--
--Hole. Indeed, there was a finger poking through that very hole, the nail painted red, at that moment twisting up towards him to curl over itself in a beckoning motion. Surprised and confused, he bent over the toilet, looking down at the hole in the wall to see the hand of the woman he had just left in the corridor outside poking her fingers through the hole.
In an instant, the purpose of the hole made sense to him, and he baulked in surprise. He could see flashes of her blue eyes and smiling face behind the hand as it retracted, replaced by her lips, framed by a carefully cut, smoothly-edged cutout in the wall.
'Your choice, baby.' the red-painted lips said to him, disembodied as they were inside the toilet wall. 'Anywhere you want it.' As if to reinforce the intent behind her words, she licked her lips, parting them in a wide 'o' shape.
A lot of things rushed through Shawn all at once. Confusion, amazement, concern, embarrassment - and then curiosity, ambition, and arousal, last of all. He blinked, all thought of leaving the cubicle to find someone and tell them about this gone from his head before they could fully compute as his cock awoke, knowing it was needed. The second it began to stir, his mind had been made up for him.
He leaned back down, spoke to the lips.
'Who are you?' He asked. 'Is it private?'
'Shut up and put it in me,' the red lips moaned softly, her breath warm as it passed from female-only toilet to male-only toilet. 'Just... Fuck me... Please.' Her voice seemed ragged, needy. She also, he now realised, seemed to be shaking very slightly, rhythmically - as if part of her was moving in a very specific way somewhere out of sight. He could only imagine her hand slipping over a body that she no doubt kept well shaved and clean, her soft lips parting around a warm wetness as her fingertips splayed her wider and wider, twisting to push into--
Stepping back, Shawn began to unbuckle his belt even as the ghostly pictures of the attractive woman's sex flitted through his mind. The mouth grinned as it heard the sound, and thirty seconds later a half-stiffened cock emerged from his underwear. Shawn wasted no time - he had gone a long time without interaction, and his last few dating prospects had hardly been bombshell bitches desperate to accompany him home, their hands already searching for his fly even before they could exit his car. No, his most recent feminine opportunities had all been five-out-of-tens, and "I had a great day, but I just didn't feel a spark." Lord knew he was over-ripe for some, and now that it was obviously on offer, he wasn't going to let it slip away from him.
The lips parted in readiness as his tip approached, foreskin ultra-sensitive as it touched the cool exterior of her mouth for the first time. He jumped as the soft contact pushed gently against his end, coaxing him to push inside without applying too much pressure. He felt the opening of her lips pulling his foreskin with them as they began to part, and just as he felt himself starting to stretch through, he felt her warm tongue contacting the very tip of his cock. The suddenness and intensity of it made him jerk and she giggled a little, though he couldn't see it. Stimulating his helmet, she pushed herself over his member, dragging his foreskin expertly, just enough so that she extended it fully but not so much as to hurt him. He felt her lipstick-coated lips sliding along his tip and gasped softly as her warm mouth began to sink over his length, descending along his shaft. She was slow, methodical, precise - taking him one painstaking inch at a time, feeling every vein and ripple in his manhood with her lips and tongue as it entered her. Shawn put one palm on the wall to stabilise himself as even this interaction stimulated his freshly aroused cock exquisitely.
Quin groaned as the cock entered her mouth, practically inhaling it, the hand she had glued to her bare pussy twitching and vibrating over her wet folds as the pleasure of taking a cock into any part of her body stimulated her powerfully.
Truth be told, she had no idea why she was so horny. It was all she could think about - she needed it, justhadto fuck. She didn't care who, she didn't care how, she didn't care where - if she hadn't seen the new IT guy walking to the toilets and known about the glory hole in the wall, she had been liable to jump him right there on his desk and fuck the daylight out of him in front of everyone. Her pussy had been soaking gently into her panties for half an hour, her work a blurry, unfocussed mess of black symbols and white blobs as she stared vaguely into her screen, seeing nothing but all the things a penis could do to her and unable to stop herself from eyeing all the men around her, wondering whose delicious meat she could devour first. She wasn't really a naturally erotic girl; in fact, as a bisexual, she was usually pretty tricky to turn on, generally only finding lengthy interactions with an experienced partner satisfying enough to achieve true gratification. Yet of late, she had been growing more and more cock-driven, fantasising over them, daydreaming about squatting over some man as his rock-hard pole penetrated her over and over or groaning as she felt the ghost of a penis pressing into her mouth and blocking her airways as he used her face as a stimulant. The smell of her needy sex had hit her nose moments later and driven her from her chair, knowing she needed someone--anyone--followed by a lot of toilet paper and some deodorant.
The sex with her coworkers hadn't taken long to begin. At first, she had been unsure, certain that the first move would have her cuffed up and tossed out the front door. But then, he had willingly - no,desirably -met her advance, seemingly as ready to fuck her as she was him. Not long after, his penis had slipped between her pussy lips, and nothing had been the same since. Now, she sought it out once a day, sometimes twice, generally trying not to approach the same man multiple times in a row but sometimes finding herself with no other option. Luckily for her, she hadn't met a man yet who hadn't accepted her advances with prejudice, and so it had bolstered her confidence. Just this week, she had begun openly approaching people in the corridor or their offices, slipping one finger along the line of her cunt or pulling the buttons of her shirt apart to show herself to him as an offering of her services.
She couldn't know that the men in her office were under a gentle hypnotic spell that had been installed on their computers by a customised malware package, rolled out by their in-house IT team. She couldn't know that she was under one as well, one that had made her a horny, attention-poor slut that needed male interaction more and more frequently to achieve a release that only ever grew stronger and more persistent inside her. And she couldn't know that Shawn did not have even a minute of that hypnotic indoctrination, making his acceptance of her advance entirely lucky.
It didn't matter. In that moment, as Shawn's cock descended into the depths of Quin's face, there was nothing else that mattered to her. Her own pleasure hiked up powerfully as the manhood filled her mouth, pushing her jaw open as she pressed her nose into the hole in the wall, yearning to take him as deep as she could manage, the rubbery surface that had been specifically installed for this very occurrence--and those happening in similar positions and formations--softening the places where her face pressed into the wall. Her hand sped up, vibrating over her pussy, masturbating readily as the pleasure of taking him intensified.
And then he began to rock. And Quin's world turned upside down.
Shawn couldn't help himself; the woman's face just felt sogood.So, as she took him fully, he began to rock back and forth, pumping his cock into her mouth. It felt amazing, a soft, warm depth ripe for his use. He could feel the scrape of her teeth, the stiffness of her throat as his tip bottomed out at the back of her mouth. It had only been about thirty seconds of pleasure, and already he could feel ejaculation boiling up inside him as the sex stimulated his underused manhood.
As if she knew this, Quin retracted from him, his cock bouncing up into the air on her side of the hole as she pulled away, strings of saliva joining them both still as she stood quickly up. In the time it had taken Shawn to walk into the bathroom and prepare to use the urinal, Quin had unceremoniously thrown her clothes aside, now only wearing the unbuttoned shirt she had put on that morning, her bare breasts hanging free from her chest between the loose folds. Turning on the spot, her round ass coming into view through the hole, she bent over quickly, presenting her shapely body to the opening and peering between her own legs to locate the connection point she so desperately needed.
At first, Shawn was confused, wondering if his time was up and if this was the gimmick in this place; cute little 'accounts' or 'reception' girls or what have you, here to do a simple, dumb job on the outside, and provideservicesto men on the inside, getting them far enough along to really need it for free before charging money for the rest, like a way-more-dodgy 'charge for the coffee machine' sham. He half expected to look down to see a tap and pay device appearing beside his cock, an unscrupulous amount of money primed and ready to be charged at the convenient wave of his phone or credit card, erect cock mere pumps away from bursting and ensuring he thought with the wrong head. But, as he looked down, he saw something far different and much more desirable approaching his waiting member.
Shawn couldn't believe it. Nothing for so long, Tinder dates that would have perhaps been attractive enough to fuck after a few hours in photoshop, porn that left him questioning life rather than enjoying a hand-aided ejaculation, attractive women all around yet not even a smile to soothe him - and now, here was a round, full ass backing towards him, the slick folds of a waiting pussy inches from his tip and closing fast, two soft, red-tipped fingers already prising that glorious entryway open for him to enter at his leisure.
He let it happen, and couldn't stop himself from groaning heavily as the hot body pressed over him, her vagina parting easily around his head and swallowing him up hungrily. Shawn gasped and pressed himself against the wall with earnest as her depths sank over him, heating his manhood and coating it in a sheen of slick wetness as it went.
The toilet wall was solid, and for that he was grateful, because the way she was pounding it - and him - ought to have brought down any flimsy partition or drywall. Shawn was only upset that he couldn't see and hold the soft rump that was ramming against it in his hands as she fucked him, but then, he reasoned that too much more stimulation would likely have had him squirming in orgasm long before now, filling this divine little pussy with his cum before he could even enjoy the sensation.
As it was, Shawn didn't take long. The wetness, the heat, the motion, the tension - it was all too much for a horny little IT boy like himself. Built up on her wonderful mouth with the foreplay of a porn star, milked by a body equally as erotic, Shawn could only groan throatily into the toilet wall and push himself as hard as he could into both the hole in the wall and the one in Quin's body as his balls tightened beneath him in orgasm. He felt the first wad of semen rocket up his length, felt it disappear into the hot depths beyond the tip of his cock, and gave up on worrying about playing the pull-out game. Clearly, whatever fucked up - or, perhaps, very well benefitted - company this was had planned this all out, and would no doubt have provided birth control or an after-the-fact fund of some kind to ensure the female employees were kept ready and unburdened. Whatever the arrangement, whatever the purpose, whatever the hell had led to his cock being buried in the wonderful woman on the other side of the wall, Shawn didn't care. For the next thirty seconds, he was riding on cloud nine.
The bathroom doors opened at the same time, the woman emerging from the female toilets slightly ahead of the man as he came out of the men's. At first, Shawn didn't look up, didn't want to risk seeing something incriminating or embarrassing there - but then he did, and he saw the soft blue eyes and dark, curly hair streaked with blonde highlights, the white button-up that had been hastily returned to its place, the slight discolouration around two particular peaks in her chest where something small and pointed pressed outward, deforming the shirt and creating a slight shadow. His eyes flicked down to the dark pants, alighting on the blackness in their centre - then up to her face. It smiled, a knowing, kindly smile that spoke a thousand words all at once. It said it knew, that it was alright, that it was good and enjoyable and fun. It told him it was wanted, needed, and perhaps even that it might be wanted again soon. It said not to worry, that it was their little secret, and that he should think only about the sex. And if that was truly what she wanted, well, then... He wasn't going to argue.
Shawn returned to his desk a little stunned, still high off his intercourse with Quin, whose name he still did not know, but whose soft white shirt he couldn't get off his mind, having seen the soft flesh beneath it - flesh that was devoid of any other covering but that single shirt. Even spent as it was, his cock stirred at the thought of her pert body and all the things it could do.
'Hey, there's the scamp,' a joking, gruff voice said as a hand clapped roughly behind Shawn's shoulders, jolting him from his daydreaming. He looked up to see Roy, the company's data and security guy, standing beside him. He gestured forwards and the pair entered the IT office together, Roy kicking the door closed behind them.
'Hey!' Mike said, turning in his chair, his knees splayed wide as he put his palms behind his head, grinning. 'So, weirdest thing, right,' he said, addressing Roy as if no one else was in the room. 'I was just looking at the user login logs, and whatever would you know, but Quin - you know, that cutie with the booty from HR, the one they brought on last Christmas, and she got absolutely shitfaced at the Christmas party? Yeah, well she just logged back in after being AFK for twenty-three minutes.' He shrugged, and Roy played it up.
'Oh, really? Hold on Mike, isn't it company time right now? Lunch isn't for another half an hour yet!'
Mike put his hands up in the air. 'I know! That's what I was thinking too! Well, anyway.' he said, casting his palms wide as if to say "what can you do?" 'I was thinking we dock her pay by half and split it on pizza and a stripper this Friday.'
'I guess we'll never know, Mike--and that's a deal. Hey, server nerd,' Mike said, now addressing Shawn at last, 'any explanation as to where you've been for the last half an hour?' He said it all mock-serious, as if he was concerned about the wastage of time on the clock.
Shawn didn't know what to say, and for a few moments he felt like a deer in the headlights. Then, Roy grinned, and Mike laughed.
'Oh, dude,' Mike said, 'the look on your face. Relax, pretty boy, we know and it's fine. Take a seat and we'll tell you, since now if we don't, you're going to be wondering for the rest of your pitiful life why a place with anaccountingdivision has a glory hole in its bathroom.'
And so, Mike and Roy told Shawn about the malware, and the hypnosis program, set to surreptitiously implant subliminal programming in the men and women of the office, all except for the IT computers, which were specifically exempt from the list. As they spoke, Shawn realised why the woman--Quin--had acted so needy, why she had pushed herself upon him so quickly and without question, and why a glory hole as smooth and clean and definitelynot-in-some-nightclub-somewhere existed here in the first place.
As they spoke, he learned that Quin might even approach him again if he happened to be in the right place at the right time - and as he thought about it, Shawn remembered the breasts hiding beneath the white shirt, one single layer of fabric away from his touch. Not a small part of him really hoped they would end up inexactlythe right place at the right time again soon.
'Hey,' Shawn said a few minutes later, after their tale had ended and he had sat back down behind his laptop, still half lost in his recent copulation and now noticing for the first time the third computer in the office, sitting locked and unattended in the corner. 'Isn't there a third guy in your team? Where's he today?'
'First of all, bold of you to assume he is a "he",' Roy said sarcastically, 'and second, he's probably about six inches into Felicity about now, in the upstairs boardroom.'
'Not that we would know,' Mike said, not turning from his computer screen, where a command terminal scrolled some text onto screen. 'It's not like we have security cameras and login/logout monitors or anything here. Just pure guessing, that's all.' He grinned, looked over his shoulder.
'Oh, I thought you meant, "not that we would know he's got six inches to give her." Sick burn, shame you missed it Mike.' Roy said. Mike gave him a look, and finished his previous sentence.
'Well... That, and he told us that's what he would be doing.' He said, looking right at Shawn.
Shawn just stared at him, amazed, and just a little bit jealous, despite his recent encounter with another of the company's horny, wanting women.
Inspired by the cutie in... YOUR office!