So, a lot of story series after chapter one will recommend readers to go back and read previous chapters before checking out the current one. In this case, chapter one is essentially character setup with the two chapters originally being written as one long story. I split them up which meant most of the sexy stuff ended up in this part. So, if you just want smutty action, you can read this part first and get more character context later if you want to. You do you! ;P


For twenty minutes, Parker had kept an eye on Lily who appeared to be struggling. Unsure of the arrangements for the evening, Parker had decided to wait outside of Lily's building until she left and then planned to follow her to her destination. Lily had descended into the swanky lobby of her opulent apartment building and had been stuck there for some time. The huge bay windows gave Parker a clear view of her best friend. Parker felt so much empathy and concern for Lily as she looked extremely uncomfortable sitting in public. Any time someone left or entered the building, Lily would curl up and cover her face with her knees.
Parker had mixed feelings about the whole strange affair. This project appeared to be helping Lily control her extreme anxiety issues and even allowed her to be carefree enough to publicly blow a guy. Still, Parker could tell her best friend still struggled.
Finally, Lily left the building. Parker put up her hood and followed closely behind Lily, trying to keep out of sight just like in all of the spy or crime movies she had seen. After walking for a block, Lily swerved into an alleyway. Parker hurried and took cover behind the wall to peer down the narrow passage.
It was empty. Confused, Parker leaned in further, but then felt a hand on her neck and a quick shock. "OW!" she yelped as she stumbled. "What the hell?"
Lily stood behind Parker with a playful grin, a red glove on her left hand. "Where have you been, Sweetpea? I've been waiting in the lobby!"
Parker rubbed the back of her neck. "Well, it would have been nice if you told me where to go and at what time instead of being so mysterious."
Lily laughed as she patted Parker on the shoulder. "What's the fun in that? Come on up to my apartment. We need to get changed quickly since we have a long drive ahead of us."
As they walked through the pretentiously designed lobby, Parker looked at Lily who, in contrast to earlier, now exuded confidence and control. She had initially thought Lily was not acting like herself, but in actuality, the reverse seemed to be true; she acted like the Lily that Parker knew and loved, unencumbered by anxiety and dread.
After an elevator ride, Parker entered Lily's apartment, reminding the poor punk the stark differences in their economic statuses. Parker's cramped studio apartment would fit in this space five times over and Lily did not have to share her place with multiple types of vermin.
"Your outfit is in the bathroom along with all of the make-up you'll need," Lily said. "We have to be there by nine, so we can't take too long to get ready."
"Lollipop, at some point you're going to have to tell me what's going on."
"At some point I will, but for now, you're getting dressed."
Parker sighed as she entered the bathroom. She stripped off her current clothes as she looked at the impressive outfit intended for her. "Hey, Lollipop," Parker called out, "you forgot to include underwear."
"Yeah, sure. Iforgot," Lily called back sarcastically, which made Parker smirk.
First, she put on the flared tartan miniskirt which had a purple flannel pattern that went down a little past her mid-thighs. She then put on the silky and sleeveless light violet button-down collared top, followed by a black leather half-jacket. Next were the accessories including a studded collar, a studded bracelet, a spikey fashion belt for around her waist, and black fishnet stockings. A pair of black heeled leather boots that reached to her calves completed the ensemble. After applying her make-up, Parker had to deal with the fact she had never looked hotter.
Upon leaving the bathroom, Parker first saw a wrapped purple package on the coffee table with a big bow on top. She then saw Lily exit her bedroom and her jaw immediately dropped. The two outfits were complimentary but themed differently with Parker's version being punky and Lily's version being preppy. Lily wore a white button-down collared shirt, a half-jacket that resembled a varsity jacket, a red choker with a metal heart in the center, a large white fashion belt with a red buckle, a red patterned flared tartan skirt, white stockings, and red leather heeled boots.
"Jesus fucking Christ," gasped Parker. "Maybe I shouldn't have pushed you so hard to be outgoing after all! You're just too much competition!" Parker then noticed that Lily had tied her long red hair into a braided ponytail. "Should of I had done my hair up like yours?"
Lily shook her head. "No, I think your hair being loose works better for your look. I have one more thing for you to wear." Lily grabbed the gift and handed it to Parker. Parker quickly opened it and discovered, to her delight, a new glove.
Unlike her current glove, this one looked more like a gauntlet yet still appeared sleek. Parker looked at the palm to see a new pattern of bumps and curves with the bottom of the glove being a lighter shade of purple than the top of the glove. "See? I told you I would give you an upgrade." Lily raised her left hand revealing an identical one, only in red. "It has less kickback, and you can adjust the level of shock it gives. It also vibrates now for some extra pleasure options. Plus, now that I have given more hand jobs and fingerings, I made modifications to make it feel even better for your lucky partners."
Parker eagerly put on the glove and learned how to change the settings by using buttons hidden in the wrist area. "Wait, fingerings? Serious? You got all up in a lady's warm special place?"
"Multiple ladies," Lily chuckled as she grabbed her keys. "Come on. I hate being late."
Parker raised an eyebrow. "You really aren't going to tell me where we're going or even what we'll be doing when we get there?"
Lily paused and crossed her arms. "You always talk about how you feel the happiest when you're performing, right? Well, we're going to put on a show."
"And judging by the outfits, I can guess what kind of show it will be."
"Precisely. Do you still want to go?"
Parker gave a quick half hug to Lily. "More than I have wanted to do anything in my entire life."


The time flew by for Parker as she got to spend two whole hours talking and having fun with her friend. Despite having such a large swathe of time together, Parker did not try to pry any more information about the nature of their journey and instead, the two discussed their current lives, made lewd jokes, and sang as loud as they could to cheesy pop songs.
Lily appeared to be getting increasingly more nervous as she pulled off the interstate, which suggested to Parker that they neared their mystery location. "So, you apparently can still become anxious, even with your enigmatic project and magical meditation app."
Lily blushed. "That's why it's still a work in progress. Look, I won't lie to you Sweetpea, my Supervisor is entirely against your involvement in the Project which is why I haven't told you about any of this. So, no pressure, but think of tonight as an audition for possible future involvement."
Parker squealed with glee, "sure, I'll do anything for science! Though, if I'm to be involved, I would prefer it if you provided a little bit more detail than that. What are you trying to accomplish with this project? Who is your supervisor?"
"I promise, I will be more direct about that information when we're done here."
Parker sighed, "which suggests to me that there will be details that I will not like."
Lily did not respond for a few seconds and decided not to directly reply to that statement. "We're going to be performing at a dive bar. Jaun is our contact whom I completely trust and who has been a great assistance to me. Essentially, we're going to have a friendly competition for a small crowd. The first time I performed here, they had six people present while the second time had eight with Jaun expecting ten to eleven tonight."
While relating these numbers, Lily appeared to become more anxious while Parker's excitement grew. "God, this is so crazy! I don't think I've ever been this pumped!"
Lily chuckled and smiled. "We're here." She pulled over and parked on a street that had several small businesses that were closed. The only active place was a bowling alley which had a flight of stairs that descended to a bar below the establishment. The bar in question, appropriately named "The Gutter," had a sandwich board sign that read "Saturday Swinger's Night with special guests Lollipop and Sweetpea. 21+ adults only; policy is strictly enforced!"
As Parker and Lily got out of the car, they were approached by a thin Latino man with a glorious mustache. "Jaun, I can't believe you're leaving me," Lily said as she rushed to and then hugged the man.
"Sadly, I have to. I'm just happy you've arranged to give me a grand send off," replied Jaun in a thick accent. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Sweetpea." The suave man took Parker's non-gloved hand a kissed it. Though such a gesture was cliched and common, it still made Parker swoon.
"So, I'm gathering that we are just using our pet names then, eh Lollipop?"
Lily nodded as Juan placed a hand around her shoulder and pulled her close. "I commend you both in being smart enough to use aliases, but I am curious about the origin of these unique monikers."
Lily smiled, but also blushed while looking down at the ground. "My parents forced me to go to this rich private school while growing up and everyone bullied me constantly due to my size and my social challenges. They used to mockingly call me 'Lollipop' due to how I nervously sucked on them all of the time and because of my real name." Lily looked at Parker adoringly. "Then, this harlot 'won' a scholarship to my school when she happened to be expelled from her previous school."
"Look, if the principal didn't want his tires slashed, he should have been less of an asshole and maybe not cut the music program to fund new football jerseys," Parker retorted.
Lily chuckled. "From day one, she stood up for me. I... I didn't know how to talk to people, but she basically fought against my anxiety to be my friend. To help me cope with all of the teasing, she told me about her family nickname that she hated. Sweetpea."
Parker crossed her arms and smiled. "They still call me that stupid nickname. It doesn't even make sense! But I didn't want us to be haunted by these words that others used to annoy us, so I encouraged Lily to take these names back and own them!"
"And we most certainly own them," Lily cheered as Parker and her high fived.
"What a wonderful thing," Jaun commented earnestly. "I did not expect such a poignant story. Thank you for telling me it. And thank you, Sweetpea, for changing your mind and deciding to come after all. We were thrilled when Lollipop called us at the last minute to confirm your attendance. Please follow me."
Parker raised an eyebrow as Juan guided them across the street. She pulled Lilly back and whispered, "wait, I'm not a last-minute surprise addition? You booked me from the start? Why didn't you tell me?"
"I told you that my Supervisor is very much against your involvement and refused to let me include you or tell you about the Project," Lily whispered back. "Jaun doesn't communicate directly with my Supervisor so I set this up in advance. I've been dropping breadcrumbs for you to figure this all out for the last month, but as it turns out, you're a crappy detective. I usually only do experiments far away from home to avoid anyone finding me out, but I did it at that local party last week as a last-ditch effort to have you 'stumble' onto my secret."
"You sneaky little bitch," said Parker as she quickly kissed Lily on the cheek.
Jaun led the two to the back of the bowling alley and down a flight of stairs into the back kitchen of the bar. There, a very muscular eighty-year-old woman stood with a friendly toothless smile holding a tray with two full shot glasses. "Thanks for coming all the way out her to the back ass of nowhere, girls. Here's a little motivation, on the house of course."
"Thanks Gladys," Lily said as she took one of the shots from the tray and chugged it down, the rush of the alcohol causing her to stumble a bit. Parker went to grab her shot, but Lily stopped her. "She's not twenty-one," Lily said as she grabbed the second glass and downed it as well.
"Hey, you only turned twenty-one last month and my birthday is only in... eight months."
Gladys let out a hardy laugh. "Well, my dear, you should come by on your birthday and I'll give you something then." Parker crossed her arms and grumbled as Jaun led them through the kitchen hallway, their heels echoing in the narrow and empty corridor.
"I want to warn you both that we have had, by far, the largest turn out we have ever had here by at least double."
Lily stopped as she swallowed anxiously. "Um... how many people exactly?"
"Around thirty or so. We even had to turn some people away since there's no room left."
Immediately, Lily began to sweat and breath heavily as she stumbled against the wall. Parker grabbed a nearby chair and helped her sit down. "Lollipop, are you okay? You don't have to go out there. I can manage by myself, or we can just go home."
Lily practiced her deep breathing exercises while she shut her eyes. "No. The purpose of the Project is to allow me to be the person that I want to be. I'm just so glad you're here Sweetpea. I don't care what Master thinks, I can't be successful without your help!"
"Master...?" Parker asked in confusion as Jaun left the room and started to do crowd work. Lily quickly calmed down while holding Parker's hand tightly. She didn't have time to ask further questions before Juan ushered them to the stage, or well, what constituted the stage area.
The basement bar extended backwards length wise with the width of an ordinary sized room. The hard wood floors were scratched with patrons gathered on highchairs, stools, and tables in the back of the room near the bar. The audience members were mostly middle-aged with a few younger couples sprinkled among the nearly three dozen watchers. The stage itself was just a few ordinary wooden pallets spray painted black with a tarp over them. Jaun decided to avoid using the stage and guided Parker and Lily to the center of the bar where they would be closer to the patrons.
Lily remained reserved and nervous; a cute smile frozen on her face as she waved. While this certainly was due to her anxiety, it matched her rich girl look. As a counter to that, Parker decided to play up the 'punk' aspect of her personality. "How the hell are all of you fuckers, tonight? I have no idea what the fuck is going on, but I'm fucking excited!"
Members of the audience clapped and cheered, with an older woman in the book screeching, "YOU'RE SO FUCKING HOT!"
"Fuck yeah I am!" Parker screamed while giving a double thumbs up, eliciting an even louder crowd reaction.
Lily chuckled brightly as she started to loosen up. "You're all so fucking vulgar!" which caused an even louder joyful reaction. "WE LOVE YOU, LOLLIPOP," screamed a man which caused the audience to applaud even more. Jaun handed Lily a lollipop and the people cheered as she slid it between her lips.
"I bid all of you a fair welcome," Jauna said, "and I'm grateful for your fine words you gave to me before the show. I wish I did not have to leave either, but all things must end. And what better way to end my days here than with everyone's most requested return guest, Lollipop, accompanied by her best friend, Sweetpea!" A few audience members screamed out "WE LOVE YOU JAUN" with the rest cheering wildly for Lily and Parker.
Jaun grabbed Parker's and Lily's asses simultaneously as he pushed them closer to the crowd. "This will be our first very 'best of' competition between members outside of the group, with this being a battle for the 'best slut.'"
"Wait, I'm not already globally considered the best slut?" Parker interjected to some laughs. "I thought I've had that shit locked down forever." Jaun gave Parker a hard spank on the ass, causing the woman to yelp and hop forward a step which had the intended effect of shutting her up for a second.
"The apex slut will be the one who wins three out of the five events with each contest based on traits that very good sluts need to have," Jaun continued. "But, before we begin, ladies, please show us your cunts."
Parker and Lily exchanged a wicked glance before gripping the hems of their skirts in unison and lifting them. Parker's pussy was barren of hair and very tight with her labia already puffy. Lily had a single strip of red hair to prove she indeed was born a redhead. Her pussy was so tight that it just looked like a taut mound of flesh though it too shimmered with wetness.
"Wow, they're both already so wet," muttered one audience member. "If they're sluts, how are so tight," asked a woman with her friend quickly responding, "because they didn't have three children, Janice." A younger woman just glared lustfully at the duo to the annoyance of her boyfriend while a gay man took notes in an academic manner.
"Wonderful," Jaun said as Parker and Lily stepped back, lowering their skirts. "The first trait every slut must have is the ability to concentrate and be her best at all times, even when distracted by pleasure." Jaun grabbed a pair of darts. The two women removed their jackets as Jaun beckoned them to come forward.
"Wait, the first slut competition is just darts? Do you guys even know what a slut is?" Parker said which elicited another hard spank from Jaun which in turn prompted immediate laughs from the audience.
Jaun grabbed Parker's ass, making the woman grunt as he sat her on the edge of a table. He grabbed a bottle of lube and a small oval vibrator. "You are honestly wet enough that we probably do not require lubrication, but it's best to be safe." Parker bit her bottom lip and spread her legs wider as Jaun inserted the device into her pussy. Parker shuddered with delight as the little machine already pleasantly buzzed inside of her with Jaun putting a pair of panties on her so that the device stayed in place.
Parker looked to Lily who had lubed her own vibrator and inserted it into herself. She hopped off the table and pulled up her panties as she returned her lollipop to her mouth. Jaun hoisted Parker off the table and handed her a dart after one more spank that made her tight pert ass jiggle. "The first slut to reach a hundred points wins this first round."
As she approached the line, she felt the vibrator's power increase meaning that the someone had to be controling it remotely. The bounces and vibrations induced by the device caused pleasure shakes inside Parker as she readied the dart. As the dart left her hand, there was a sudden surge in vibration that caused her to cry out in pleasure and buck forward. The errant dart flew and hit the one-point area. Parker panted, realizing how turned on she was.
"Good job, Sweetpea," Lily said with a chuckle, patting her condescendingly on the back. "You just need to do that ninety-nine more times and you'll beat me." Parker knew that Lily had excellent hand and eye coordination, but could she handle the surge in vibration? Parker heard the whirl of Lily's device increase and witnessed the dart fly directly into the bullseye. Parker looked up with a stunned expression, impressed by the feat. As she stood up straight, she playfully swatted Lily's butt.
Parker took a deep breath and prepared for the surge in vibration. Yet, this time, that did not occur as she threw. Since she had overcompensated her toss due to an expected pleasure quake, her dart again flew into the one-point area.
Lily laughed as she approached the line and grabbed her dart. "I was joking earlier and was not suggesting a strategy." Right as Lily threw her dart, Parker grabbed her ass, causing the dart to fly off course, but still land on the double line in the 20-point area. "Dirty trick, you dirty little cunt," Lily cooed playfully as she grabbed Parker by her pussy and shoved her vibrator against her inner labia, causing Parker to moan loudly.
"Bad girl, Sweetpea," Jaun taunted while raising his finger. "You get a penalty that will be enacted at the end of this contest. Okay, Lollipop gets 50 points for the bullseye and 40 points for her second throw. The dirty little cunt has two points." The audience laughed and cheered, seemingly very invested in this battle or at the very least, hot women doing things.
Parker steadied herself in concentration, remembering that a real slut should be ready for anything. She prepared her throw as a fake out, felt a surge of vibration, and feared Lily would seek revenge by pushing her. Parker fell to the side and threw the dart, her body hitting hard on the floor.
"Jesus, Sweetpea," Lily gasped as she rushed to her friend's side. "I wasn't going to grab you! Are you okay?"
"Sixty points," Jaun said to the eruption of excitement in the crowd as Parker realized she hit the triple twenty. She jumped to her feet and cheered as the crowd chanted her name. As Parker basked in the adulation, Lily casually picked up her dart and threw it with precision despite a burst of activity from the device. "Ten points. Lollipop wins the first round." The crowd's chants turned to confusion and laughter as Lily sauntered towards Parker, removed her own panties and her device, and kissed her playfully on the cheek.
Parker shrugged and chuckled. "Can't win them all, but I will win the rest."
Parker went to remove her panties only for Jaun stop her. "Not yet, Sweetpea." He turned to Lily. "What should her penalty be, Lollipop?"
Lily smirked rather wickedly as she crossed her arms. "Hmmm... Sweetpea calls herself a slut, but she purposefully gave a really hot guy blue balls last week and canceled her apology fuck with friends to be here, so maybe you can supply her with a little empathy and show her how that feels." Parker's eyes widened as the audience started to gasp and laugh.
"That might be the perfect penalty," Jaun said as he walked to Parker, standing her straight. "I'm putting you on the max, Sweetpea. And when you are about to cum, I will shut it off and you have to hold it back. If you cum, you automatically lose the entire competition."
Parker shuddered as she was presented with a true challenge. She nodded and then stuck her tongue out at Lily and flicked her off with Lily returning the gesture. "Okay, I'm rreeaAADDDY-"Parker gasped as she bucked forward, the device proving itself to be quite strong. The audience remained silent, enraptured by Parker's twitching body, open jaw, and watering eyes. She made brief little sounds as Juan pulsated the vibrations, making Parker's breathing become jagged.
Within thirty second, Parker found herself on the edge of orgasm, her breathing becoming even more erratic as her moans became higher pitched and louder. She felt the vibrations stop as she clenched her fists and teeth as tight as she could, the pleasure beyond intense. It felt as she pushed against a tidal wave as her body bucked, all of her energy invested in denying the orgasm. She leaned forward, letting out a scream of agony, her forehead sweating as her mouth contorted. Her face retracted and scrunched as if she was imploding.
"ArrrGGGHHaaaGGHHHH! FUUUUUCK!" Parker fell to her knees, breathing heavily as she successfully held back the wave.
The crowd exploded with a torrent of cheers and chatter. "Holly shit, how did she do that without dying?" said one woman. "That's the hottest shit I've ever seen," said a man. "Where the fuck did you find these gems, Jaun? They're perfect," exclaimed a very hefty gentleman.
Lily giggled as she hurried to Parker and assisted her to her feet, the purple-haired woman's vagina now very sore. She kissed Parker on the cheek again and held her hand. The two raised their held hands in unison to the sheer delight of the audience.
"Fantastic, Sweetpea," Jaun said while clapping. He brought a purple pillow and a red pillow to the girls and that them down on the floor. Parker removed her vibrator and panties as they each went to their proper color. "Your performance portends well for the next contest which will test your endurance. Every good slut needs to be able to endure in order to provide proper pleasure. Ricky and Emmy, get up here." Lily and Parker knelt back-to-back on their pillows.
A man and a nonbinary person approached the two and lowered their pants. Both had similar sized cocks of about four inches while flaccid. "Okay girls, this one will need a little prep work from you two. Make sure you get each of those cocks as hard as they can get." Parker and Lily grasped each other's hands as they leaned forward and began their work.
Parker rolled her tongue around Emmy and took a sensual approach as she made sure to really hit every pleasure point on the penis. Lily took a more aggressive approach by lunging her head onto Ricky's dick and quickly bouncing her head. As the two penis havers became harder, Lily and Parker straightened their backs as the cocks began to pound their gullets.
Lily and Parker continued to hold hands as the two cocks pressed into their faces forcing the skulls of the women to lightly tap against each other with each thrust. Parker felt the breathing and warm skin of her best friends as their bodies communed while worshipping what they both loved, their hands interlaced in joyous celebration as they shared love for each other in addition to their love for cock.
"That's good," Juan said as he pulled chairs up for Ricky and Emmy to sit on. "The rules are pretty simple for this one. You must deepthroat the penis and hold that position for as long as you can. You can come up for air twice and gather it for no more than five seconds. The winner will be the slut who has the longest cumulative time without the break time included. Ready?"
"Fuck yeah," Parker said as she rolled her neck and took in a breath. Lily looked a bit nervous, but also opened her mouth.
Each cock plunged into each woman's mouth and slammed against their throats. Lily's eyes popped as she immediately gagged loudly, having to push Ricky back in order to catch her breath. She felt embarrassed that she wasted her first break as she heard Parker gurgle and gag behind her. Lily quickly took in the cock again and did better, lasting for seven more seconds, her face twitching as the cock filled her gullet. She pulled out with a torrent of thick drool falling from her mouth as she went for her final sucks.
Lily gripped Parker's hands tightly, blood rushing to her head and making her hue a deep red as she forced herself onto the cock. "Mmpph...MMMPPPH." Her eyes popped as she violently shook, her head buzzing and vision blurry as she was able to hold it for thirteen seconds. She then pulled off of the dick for a total of twenty-six seconds. Lily turned her head to see Parker had clearly won since the dick was still in her mouth.
"Darn it," laughed Lily as she breathed heavily while spitting up more thick drool. "How many breaks has she taken?"
Jaun looked at the stopwatch in disbelief. "She hasn't taken one yet." Parker's face was almost purple, her hands digging into Lily's hands as spit bubbled from the corners of her lips and fell to her top. The crowd had returned to chanting "SWEETPEA" as her body shook as if Parker was experiencing an earthquake that no one else did.
Parker lunged backwards with a huge torrent of spit flying out of her mouth and onto Lily's face. Parker's head then fell into Lily's lap. "51 seconds," Jaun declared to enthusiastic applause.
Lily ran her hand through Parker's hair as she looked down at her with absolute pride. "Holy wow, Sweetpea," Lily laughed. "And you said those diving lessons were a waste of time."
Parker took in as much air as she could as color returned to her face. She chuckled as she felt weak, but happy to be staring into Lily's eyes. "They didn't seem to have helped you, Lollipop," Parker teased as Lily leaned down and kissed her on the forehead. The two stumbled to their feet as the audience cheered.
Parker finally steadied herself as Lily laughed. "One thing is for sure. You could barely stand with that vibrator between your legs. That means I'm sturdier than you," Lily teased.
"You're sturdier than me?" Parker said with a laugh that made her lose her breath again. "You choose to describe yourself as 'sturdy?' What the fuck are you, a bookshelf?"
"More like a glorious tree, unbending to the fickle whims of nature," Lily taunted poetically.
"Huh," Parker said as she stayed still for a second only to grab Lily roughly, rip open her shirt, and hoist her onto the bar top so that her head dangled over the edge facing the bar wall and her knees dangled next to a barstool. "Hmmm, for a sturdy tree that doesn't bend, you bent over immediately," Parker taunted as she turned to Emmy and Ricky. "You two aren't done yet. You need to check this whore's level of sturdiness!"
Ricky and Emmy laughed as Ricky approached Lily from the back and Emmy approached her from the front. Parker jumped onto the bar and then dropped her body to slam down on Lily, pinning the redhead against the wood. Parker grabbed the edge of the bar and held tight as Emmy and Ricky entered in unison and started to fuck Lily as roughly as they could.
Parker reveled in feeling Lily's body beneath her. She could feel every thrust by Ricky and could hear every groan and grunt of Lily. Lily tightened, Parker realizing she had to be close to orgasm. Lily held it back though without much fanfare, which impressed Parker.
Ricky and Emmy pulled out at the same time. Ricky's cum spewed out and reached Parker's side but mostly painted the back of Lily's skirt. Emmy's burst had the strength of a hose as it shot right against Lily's face, painting her features in thin watery cum.
"Oh my," Jaun said as he laughed. "Sweetpea has just scored the hardest point to get! Sluts need to be surprising and proactive. I think she proved that with this move. After a slow start, Sweetpea is absolutely dominating Lollipop!"
Parker jumped from the bar as Lily dropped down in a daze, cum dripping down her face. She panted as the two high fived and then hugged. Parker then licked Lily's cum tainted face to the delight of the crowd. "You taste pretty good, Emmy," she laughed as she gave Emmy a fist bump.
Gladys handed Lily a towel as she stumbled to her feet, her jaw sore and her legs unstable from the roughness. Despite the aches and pains, Lily beamed a bright smile and waved to the audience. Parker casually scooped some of Ricky's cum that was on her side onto her finger and playfully ate it in front of the crowd.
"So far, we have tested your concentration, endurance, and proactive spontaneity," Jaun said. "The fourth thing every slut should be able to do is get fucked in the ass. So, we are going to fuck you both up the ass."
The crowd laughed as Parker pumped her hands into the air, shouting "hell yeah." She then turned her back to the audience, jutting her ass out and wiggling it playfully before spanking it. While the audience initially catcalled and cheered, the excitement died down quickly and was replaced by concerned murmuring.
Parker looked to see that Lily leaned against the bar, her face pale as she breathed heavily. "Li- Lollipop!" Parker rushed to her friend to hold her and to help her sit on a barstool. Parker massaged her back and squatted down. "What's up my little Lollipop?" asked Parker in a warm and caring tone.
Lily swallowed and looked down, becoming embarrassed. "I... I've never had anal sex before."
The crowd gasped and whispered to each other as Parker gave Lily a hug. "So, do you not want to have anal for the first time tonight? I think our lovely host and audience will understand if you need to bow out of this particular trial."
Lily paused as she looked up, her breathing slowly returning to normal. "It's scary, but... I've been really curious about it. And I'm not going to just let you win."
Parker smiled and kissed Lily on the forehead. "Well, if you want to try it, I'll be here with you and so will Jaun... and, like, two dozen and a half strangers."
Lily chuckled. "I guess there has never been a better time to lose my last bit of virginity. Jaun, can you be the one to do it?"
The crowd grew excited again as multiple people shouted, "DO IT JAUN!" Jaun smirked and crossed his arms. "I will gladly pop your anal cherry, my sweet Lollipop." The crowd erupted into cheers as Jaun grabbed two bar tables and put them side by side. "The point will go to the slut who gets her ass full of cum first," Jaun announced as Parker and Lily approached the tables. "Audience, do you want to see their faces or their asses while they get what they deserve?"
Before the audience could respond, Parker interjected. "Actually, I hoped we could be facing each other while you take our tight assholes." Parker sweetly ran a hand down Lily's cheek. "I want to see my best friend's face as she become the complete slut she has always been destined to be."
The audience overwhelming agreed with Parker's idea as a man of around Jaun's height, named Nick, stood behind her. Parker and Lily bent over the tables, their faces mere inches away from each other. Each woman grabbed the other's hands and smiled, arching their backs and sticking their asses out. Jaun and Nick aggressively removed their skirts and began the process of preparing their assholes to accept their meaty intruders.
"OooOOOOooo," groaned a wide-eyed Lily as Jaun applied lube to her asshole and gently used his thumb to help spread it open. Most times Parker experienced anal, there was far less prep work, so she appreciated that the men took the time to make their holes properly gape beforehand.
As Jaun and Nick lubed their cocks, Lily and Parker grabbed the other's hands tightly as they smiled. "I love you so much, Lollipop," Parker said earnestly to some actual "aws" from the audience.
"I love you too, Sweetpea." The two leaned forward and kissed as each one felt the press of a bulbous tip against their tightest holes.
"Aaa...arrggh...AGH..." gasped out Lily as Jaun wiggled himself into her virgin anus. Parker hissed "yesss..." as Nick had a bit of an easier time, but still found some resistance. Jaun grabbed Lily's shoulders and lunged herself forward as she let out a high-pitched cry, her eyes rolling back into her head. "ARGGRHHHHHH."
Lily panted as Jaun's hefty cock dutifully pressed through and parted her spongey insides. He took time to pull back and then to press forward to allow for a gentler penetration of Lily's absurdly dense tightness. Nick had less care as he pressed into Parker's ass with hard thrusts that shoved his cock bit by bit into her ass meat. Parker grunted with each thrust as she bucked forward almost headbutting Lily.
Lily's face contorted as she grunted a few more times. "Ah...ah..." she moaned as Jaun managed to work his way deeper and deeper into her tightness. It hurt to an extent, but the pleasure Lily felt outweighed the pain as Jaun expertly pressed himself into it. "This... this... this actually feels good!"
Parker laughed as they stopped holding hands for a moment to high five and fist bump. "Fuck yeah it does, Lollipop!" Parker bucked as Nick slammed his cock as far as it could go. He then applied more lube right before starting to fuck her more aggressively. Parker's breathing became uneven as she moaned, her ass flesh rippling as she bounced with each full thrust inside of her.
Jaun let out a sharp breath as he finally managed to fill up Lily as much as he could. He went to pull back, but he found himself unable to move, overwhelmed by how amazing Lily's ass felt. Jaun tried to contain himself, but he could not and ended up exploding deep within Lily's ass. "FUUUUUCK!" she yelped out to rapturous applause from the crowd. The burst of warmth deep within her felt strange and wonderful and like nothing else she had ever felt before.
Meanwhile, Parker's breasts bounced as Nick aggressively fucked her asshole, her face strained. Nick put his foot into the table and pointed his cock down. "MMmmmMMMM..." groaned Parker as she felt multiple spurts of cum flood her anal depths.
Both Nick and Jaun pulled out of their respective sluts and panted. Now empty of any intruders, Parker and Lily didn't speak and just stared happily at each other as both felt the cum slip down their rectums.
Lily bit her bottom lip and moaned as she felt the cum pool near her anus. Both women rolled off the table onto their feet as they turned their asses to face the audience. Parker and Lily gripped their non-gloved hands together and bent over, forcing the cum to ooze from their asses and down the back of their thighs. The audience chanted both of their names.
Jauna leaned over, still catching his breath. "How amazing," he said with a sense of wonder. "That may have been the best sensation I have ever felt. I'm so glad you're no longer an anal virgin, Lollipop."
"Me too," Lily said as Parker and her stood up and faced the audience.
Jaun finally regained his composure as he grinned mischievously. "Sweetpea, why don't you taste the fruit of my labors from your best friend's freshly deflowered ass."
For once, Parker looked embarrassed. "Fuck no," she responded to laughs from both Jaun and the audience. "I may be a depraved whore, but even I have boundarIIIeeSSS-" Parker was interrupted by Lily as she shoved a thumb up Parker's asshole and scooped out some of the cum. She then sucked on her cum soaked finger.
Parker sighed as she knew she could not let Lily show her up. She shoved her thumb up Lily's asshole and then put it in her mouth. Parker gagged and spat it out immediately. "Yeah, I know I'm performing a depraved sex show and should have made that look sexy, but Jesus fucking Christ, that shit tasted so nasty!" Jaun and the audience laughed as he signaled to Gladys to bring out the final challenge.
Parker and Lily were young, athletic, and very energetic, but both of them were feeling the physical wear from the night's activities. They had been going for at least an hour, possibly even closer to two. Both women still wore their stockings that were ripped in places, particularly around the knees. On top, the thrown open and tattered remains of their shirts hung on their shoulders, their curvy forms and breasts on full display for the crowd.
Parker felt sore in her pussy due to the orgasm denial that caused her labia to sting quite a bit. Her skin was scuffed at various places and her ass was very red from all of Jaun's spankings. Lily's ponytail was a mess with one of the braids removed from it and dangling near her face. She also had some chaffing around her neck due to the watery cum and her neck felt stiff. Both women had splotchy make-up, but Lily's had really become a bigger mess due to the watery cum. A fake eyelash dangled from her check.
Yet, despite being so tired, sore, and messy, the look in the eyes of both Parker and Lily proved they were still ready to conquer the finale.
Gladys rolled out two Sybians causing the nature of the final contest to come into focus. "Both of you were brought to the edge of orgasm," Jaun reminded them as Parker and Lily climbed atop their respective machines. "You'll have to hold your release a bit longer though. Whoever orgasms first loses."
Parker raised an eyebrow as Gladys helped her to get into the proper placement on her Sybian. "Wait, what slut trait is this testing then? Isn't this the same as the first or second test?"
Jaun laughed along with the audience as he approached Parker. "What better way to show your pride in being a slut than having a wonderful orgasm after a night of debaucherous delights? Also, this seemed like a fun ending."
Parker sighed, "well, at least you can't spank me this time for being insolent this time since I'm sitting down..." Jaun slapped Parker across her round tits twice. Parker narrowed her eyes. "...well played."
After the pair were properly situated on their devices, Gladys turned on the machines. Despite starting on a low setting, both women immediately moaned and bucked forwards, their eyes wide. Lily looked to Parker and extended her non-gloved hand. Parker grabbed it as the setting increased, both girls shaking as they intertwined their fingers together.
Lily had bigger breasts than Parker which bounced as the pleasure pumped through her body. She leaned forward, eyes wide as she let out cute little mews that soon grew into long strings of high-pitched groans. "Ah..ah..AHHHHH..." She gripped Parker's hand tighter as her machine's pace increased, prompting her to lunge forward with her jaw dropped while letting out longer and more wanton moans. "NNyyyyagggh! OooooOOOO!"
Parker felt hot all over her body with her pussy singing with glee despite being sore. It stung slightly and her ass still hurt due to the anal, but the pleasure from the vibrating machine began to override those sensations and replace them with pleasure. Parker leaned her head down and clenched her teeth as her long purple hair bounced on her shoulders. "Mmmmmppphhh!" Parker kept her lips shut tight while processing all of the sensations occurring in her lower body, her upper body pressed forward as it aggressively bounced.
The vibrations increased and brought both women over the edge as they leaned forward, gripping the other's hand as tightly as they could. "MmmmmPPPPHHHH FUUUUUCK!" screamed Parker. "Ah... ooo... AAAHHH..." Lily moaned out in squeals as she looked to Parker.
"We're going to do it at the same time, correct?" Lily asked in a wavering voice.
"Of course the fuck we are," Parker said and then grinned as her face became flush. Parker turned to the audience and called out to them, "give us a count down from three!"
The audience cheered. "THREE." Both Parker and Lily shook violently as the pleasure continued to build. "TWO." Parker and Lily continued to moan as they looked at each other with absolute joy. "ONE." Parker and Lily turned back to the audience. "CUM!"
"AAAAAAAHHHHmmmmmmmmm." The duo came in unison as they kept ahold of each other's hands. Lily screamed out as her body shook with her eyes rolling back and her jaw opening. Her breasts rattled as her juices flowed from her and covered the top of the machine. The turbulence and sheer pleasure she felt eventually caused her to let go of Parker's hand and fall off of the machine.
"Ah...ah...ah." Parker's moans were shorter, but louder. She squirted a huge burst that splashed a lucky member of the audience that sat in the front row. Her whole body shook as her orgasm lasted longer than Lily's orgasm.
Lily laid on the ground on her back, breathing heavily from the best orgasm she had ever had. Parker still sat on her Sybian, her body bent over and her hair covering her face as she reveled in the best night of her life.
The audience exploded in applause so loudly that anyone still remaining in the bowling alley probably became very alarmed. Jaun clapped as he helped both women to their feet. He raised both of their hands in triumph. "It's a tie! Truly, both of these fine young women are the apex sluts!"
Parker and Lily were both incredibly tired and sweaty but also never looked happier. As Jaun lowered his hands, both girls promptly fell to their knees due to exhaustion.
"What good instincts," Jaun mused. "Your reward is to be enjoyed by your many fans who are quite worked up due to your slutty actions."
"Fuck yeah," Parker growled. "I'm starved for some cum even though all of my bones hurt!"
Both men and women from the audience started to line up in a queue to have their turns. "Essentially, you two are free use until close."
Parker and Lilly both nodded.
"Wonderful! I hope everyone enjoyed the show!"
Parker loved free use play and participated in it with her male friends all of the time. She pulled up a pillow to kneel on as a large Indian man approached and shoved his cock into Parker's mouth. He then casually asked her, "so, what do you do when you're not being fucked?"
After a few thrusts into Parker's lips, the man pulled his cock back so she could answer. "Music. I love music."
The man seemed thrilled by this and resumed facefucking Parker a few more times while continuing the conversation. "That's wonderful. I am atonal myself but have always admired those who are musically talented. What do you play? Do you have a band?" The man pulled back and then came all over Parker's face with a few thick spurts. It rolled down her forehead and cheeks with a glob sticking near her eye.
"I do have a band where I sing and play guitar," Parker said as she leaned in and licked the man's cock to clean it. "I also can play the flute and I want to learn the violin."
The man stood Parker up and then pressed her against the wall and pushed his thumb against her clit. "You're young. I'm sure you'll have a lot of time to learn what you want to learn." The man pummeled the clit until Parker bucked forward and let out a joyful cry. It wasn't a full orgasm, but it felt great.
She talked to the man for another five minutes as he bent her over the table and pounded into her. They did not acknowledge the sex but just talked about music and the man's interest in art. Not only was the sex amazing, but so was the conversation.
After cumming on her back, the man went to play with Lily who was being double penetrated on the bar. A short thirty-something brunette with a cute pixie haircut approached Parker. "You are so amazing and hot," the woman said as she sat on the chair next to Parker's chair. "You were kissing Lollipop a lot. Are you bisexual or pansexual?"
"God, I wish I was, but I'm not," Parker responded to the disappointment of the woman. "But, as you saw, I enjoy giving pleasure to others. I don't think you touching me will do anything to get me going, but I would gladly touch you all day long if you don't mind being fingered by a straight girl."
"You'd do that?" asked pixie-cut. She unbuttoned and lowered her jeans as she spread herself. Parker then spent time giving the woman as much pleasure as she could. The woman was kind and understanding of Parker, walking her through techniques on how to please another woman while talking about her job as a wedding planner. Occasionally, a man would walk by and cum on Parker's head or stand her up to fuck her briefly. Pixie-cut didn't mind and kept the conversation going.
Lily walked to the two with cum all over the front of herself. "How's it going, Sweetpea? Trying to learn some new tricks? What's your verdict on my best friend's finger skills, Cassandra?"
"Surprisingly, not that bad. Better than most of the freshly out girlfriends I've had," Cassandra remarked with Parker not knowing whether to feel complimented or insulted.
"Well, I think you deserve some more advanced attention," Lily cooed as she knelt down. "Sweetpea, go play with some more boys while I handle this patient princess."
"Have fun, slut," Parker giggled as she kissed the top of Lily's cum covered head. She looked back to see that her bestie was quite accomplished at performing cunnilingus. It didn't take long for a man to grab her ass and bring her to two of his friends where they spent the next twenty minutes talking about pottery and video games as they fucked Parker in all three of her holes.
As patrons began to leave, Parker perused the many pictures Gladys had hung on the wall. Some showed the regulars who visited the bar daily while others showed singers or artists that probably performed up on the rickety stage. Parker recognized some that had mild success, but she stopped at one in particular, her eyes narrowing in anger. It showed an adorable brunette in overalls standing with Gladys, the woman seeming like the epitome of the girl-next door type.
"Hey Gladys, that's Emily Eaton, isn't it?" Gladys approached and nodded as Parker continued. "You do realize she turned out to be one of the most evil and cruel woman alive, right?"
Gladys nodded. "I know about the awful things she did and still does, but her poetry..." Gladys gushed. "She would come here on Tuesdays and just bring me to tears."
Parker was all too familiar since she was Emily's biggest fan as a teenager. "Well, I'm just saying I would have won that dart throwing contest if you would have put that picture on the board. I would have avoided hitting your face, of course."
Gladys laughed as she gave Parker a slap on the back. "Kid, I saw how you throw. I would be more worried that you'd throw it into my actual face."
Parker chuckled as Lily and Jaun waved to the last of the patrons. The three of them gathered together, laughed, and celebrated a successful performance.
"Here you are, one thousand apiece," Jaun said.
Lily tilted her head in confusion. "Jaun, I think you misunderstood. I charged you a thousand to split between both of us. A thousand for each of us is too much."
Jaun chuckled, "well, I feel like I am still underpaying you both, so please accept the increase."
"Yeah man," Parker quickly interjected. "Some of us need to actually pay their rent on time for once and maybe have enough left over to buy laundry detergent and a smoothie."
Lily chuckled and nodded. "I concede. Let's go get cleaned up and then head home, Sweetpea."


A freshly clean Parker sat in Lily's car. fiddling with her phone as she watched Lily get absolutely railed by Jaun against the front of the bowling alley. It was nearly 3am yet Parker felt like she could be awake for another two million hours. After the event ended, Jaun took Parker and Lily upstairs into the bowling alley which had a locker room. The two women took ample time to relax and wash away the plethora of fluids that found a home on their skin.
Lily said twenty minutes beforehand that she just wanted to say a quick goodbye to Jaun. It started with some friendly conversation, then a hug, then making out, and finally, an absolute pounding on a public street. Parker smiled warmly as she watched Jaun finish inside a happy Lily whose body bucked with each spurt shot within her. She pulled up the change of shorts she brought with her and waved a final goodbye to the suave man, cum leaking out of the left cuff of the shorts.
As she entered the car, Parker fist-bumped Lily. The two just stared at each other with big grins and then laughed uncontrollably for two minutes.
"How was the last time with your charming and mysterious lover?" Parker teased. "I bet he's a secret drug kingpin or gangster or something."
Lily raised her eyebrow. "Jaun's a doctor who has just started a nonprofit overseas to provide medical care for refugees. Though I am so glad to hear that you assumed the Mexican guy was actually a criminal," Lily teased sarcastically. "Not racist at all."
Parker went pale. "Oh shit, I'm going to get canceled."
Lily laughed. "So, did you have fun?"
"More fun than I ever thought possible," Parker confessed as Lily started the long trip home. "I feel like I'm dreaming! It's too good to be true!" Parker wanted to revel in the delight of the night, but she knew they still had yet to discuss the nature of this endeavor. "You slipped up before we started the show and said Master instead of Supervisor. Is this a BDSM thing for you then?"
Lily paused to think about her answer. "It's actually a real project with grant funding and everything. You can't believe how much useful data we managed to collect tonight."
"You dodged my question. Is this a BDSM thing? Is that why you didn't tell me about it?"
"It's not really a BDSM thing. It's actual science."
Parker worried she was coming off as judgy or aggressive, so she put a comforting hand on Lily's shoulder. "Lollipop, I'm so proud of you. I want to support you in any way that I can, and I was so happy you invited me. Your Supervisor won't be too mad, will they? Who are they? Can I meet them?"
Lily's expression remained stern as she knew the discussion was about to turn badly for her. "I think they will be extremely pleased with what occurred tonight and will appreciate the data that we gathered. They probably will actively want you involved in the Project now."
Parker's eyes lit up. "OMG! Really? We can do this more often and I'll be helping science? This is amazing! You know BDSM isn't my thing usually, but I love and respect all kinks and experiences! I'm willing to try out whatever it is that you're doing!"
Lily did not respond for nearly a minute, which concerned Parker. "You do not love and respect all kinks," Lily finally responded.
Parker chuckled and raised an eyebrow. "Dude, seriously? Did you not see us tonight? How could badasses like us not be lovers of all kinky things?"
Lily sighed and repeated, "you do not love and respect all kinks."
Parker became confused and a bit concerned. "You need to tell me what you mean, Lollipop. Certain things are not kinks. Any kind of sexual assault or forced sexual acts, sex with people who haven't fully consented, or sex with minors are not kinks; they are sex crimes. You aren't talking about those things, are you?"
"Of course not," Lily replied. "We align that those things you mentioned are abhorrent." Lily paused. "You never have loved or respected one of my favorite kinks, though."
"That's crazy, Lollipop. I love every thought you have ever thought and every action you have ever made."
Lily briefly turned to Parker. "What about hypnosis, brainwashing, and mind control?"
Parker scrunched her face. She never understood why Lily liked those things so much. "I don't want to be a bitch, but you know I don't think that stuff can be a consensual kink. It's about forcing women to do things against their will to appease men. It's firmly in the nonconsent category for me."
"First off, there are plenty of stories about women controlling men or other women as well as men controlling other men," Lily pointed out. "Secondly, the best mind control stories have the woman really wanting it deep down and enjoying being a plaything."
Parker became unnerved as she slowly put the insidious pieces of this conversation together. "What, so this project is about mind control? That isn't real. It's just a misogynist fantasy by incels who want to control women."
Lily grimaced as Parker again insulted something she enjoyed. "How can you be so open-minded about everything but not this? And hypnotism is real and so is memory amnesia and brain rewiring. There are many techniques that can be used to change the brain."
Parker was stunned. Was... was her best friend being mind-controlled? Is that why she did what she did tonight? Parker felt lightheaded. "So, are you saying you weren't in control of your own actions tonight? That some man took my sweet and wonderful Lollipop and made her into a mindless and soulless fuck toy?"
"No, it's not like that! This is who I am deep down. You know me better than anyone. Did I behave in any way that is different than the true me?"
Parker did agree that Lily behaved in the manner she always fantasized about. One of the reasons why they were such great friends had to do with a shared love of sexual deviancy. "You have to force yourself to leave the house to go to one class a week and to meet with me at Cleo's shop. You do not go out and suck dudes at parties or put on elaborate sex shows. That sudden change in behavior cannot be easily explained without adding in sinister manipulation."
"But I would do those things if it wasn't for my stupid brain holding me back," Lily sighed. "It's bogged down with too many chemicals and worries and bad memories. It keeps me from doing things like this or being my true self."
Parker struggled with this information as she took a minute to gather her thoughts. "I think I would be far less concerned if your Supervisor or Master or whatever used this technology to help you to get out more and feel more confident. Instead, he has you acting like a slut."
"What the hell, Parker," Lily snapped. "Acting like a slut is not the new behavior for me! You know this! The change is that I can freely be myself! I can't believe you don't get this! You revel in being a slut!"
"I do it because I genuinely love it and love to push myself. I don't do it because some weirdo turned me into an obedient puppet."
"UGH! You're being so frustrating right now," Lily barked as she clenched her teeth. "I'm not a puppet! And even if I was, I have told you that I would actually enjoy being one! I am not an innocent wounded bird who needs constant attention! This is merely me with all of my mental illness and mental bullshit removed."
"Then, let me meet your Master. Let me talk to him and judge his motives."
Lily wrinkled her nose, knowing how Parker would react to her next statement. "I don't know who the Master is when I'm doing experiments for the Project. All I know is that I trust them and respect them and that I know they have my best interest in mind."
Lily furrowed her forehead. "Can you trust that feeling though? If 'they', though I'm pretty sure it's a 'he', can control your brain, they can make you think like you're consenting when you're actually not. The fact that he, or they, is hiding his identity from you shows that I can't trust him."
"But I trust them."
"Likely because they programmed you to trust them."
Lily stayed silent since Parker's theory could be true. Lily felt absolute devotion to her Master and believed in the Project of mind control more than anything.
"Do you even know the supposed purpose of this Project?" asked Parker.
Lily nodded her head. "Yes. It is to find a new way to treat anxiety and depression disorders as well as to assist with trauma. I've read all of the science behind it, and it makes sense."
"Can you share this information with me?" Parker asked, guessing the answer would be no.
"No," Lily admitted. "It's for people in the Project only."
"None of this is making me feel better about the situation, Lily. Everything so far suggests that a man or some group has taken control of your mind and making you act like their sex slave under the guise of developing mental health treatments."
"But you know me, Parker," Lily said. "You know that this is what I have always wanted."
"I know. I also have a lot of fantasies of things I want to do, like have sex on the moon. Yet, in reality, that would be a nearly impossible feat with so much danger involved. Wishing you could be mind-controlled to take away your worries and actually being controlled in real life are two different things. I'm more worried about you now than I have ever been."
Lily looked crushed. "I can't believe you're being this closed minded and judgmental. I was hoping my Supervisor was wrong and that you would be a bit more understanding."
"Your Supervisor is a criminal who is taking advantage of you. They should be in jail." Parker crossed her arms as both remained silent. "So, what are you going to do to me? Are you going to make me forget what happened? Is your Master going to make me into one of his sex toys too?"
"It doesn't work like that," Lily said. "It's not like in the stories where some guy can trick a girl into looking at a spiral and then melting her brain. It's like any other therapy and takes a lot of work."
"See, I wish I could believe that" Parker sighed, "but since you aren't in complete control of your actions, I cannot trust what you say about it. Your Master can have you lie to me so he can sneak up me and make me a brainless bimbo with no freewill."
"You're already a brainless bimbo," Lily joked.
Parker mildly chuckled. "That's why I added in the freewill part. I'll try harder to see this from your perspective, but I'm really worried about you. I want you to be safe. That's all I have ever wanted."
Lily nodded. "Thank you for that. I promise I won't involve you in this anymore, but I am going to continue with the Project."
"I know. And there is a large chance you're doing it because that is what they're telling you to do. Still, I realize I'm being a big cunt right now. I just don't want you to be hurt which is why I'm going to have to find out who your Master is."
Lily resigned herself to Parker's reaction, knowing she would not be able to convince her best friend otherwise. "I know and I know I can't stop you either. Just, please be careful."
Parker nodded as the car ride home was the opposite of the car ride to "The Gutter." Parker and Lily remained silent with no music playing, Parker's eyes looking up to the stars above. She reflected on how amazing the night was and realized much of that had to do with how sexy, inventive, and fun Lily acted. If Lily did not do those things of her own free will, then the night actually meant nothing; it would turn Parker and Lily from badass exhibitionists into obedient sex slaves.
All Parker wanted was to do things like this every day with her best friend forever. Deep down, Parker hoped the Project was as ethical and positive as Lily claimed.
But she highly doubted it.