Another beautiful day in Southern California offered something new.
At 10:00 A.M Author Nick Benson decided to take a break from his Bonfire chapter to get some fresh air. After a fast shower he gets dressed in a loose white button down shirt and grey cargo pants. He then stepped from his room to knock on his son's bedroom door.
No answer he chose to head downstairs and locate his Nanny, Willamina Pryce. Willa had just cleaned the Kitchen as her ward "Baby Grace" sat in her high chair. Seeing his daughter Nick swooped in to kiss on his child. His love evident.
"Morning, Nick. Sleep well?" Willa asked.
"I did indeed. Got up at 7:30 and continued on the Bonfire chapter. I found myself with a case of writer's block so I concluded I needed inspiration. By the way you look very nice. One of your new outfits I see."
She smiles warmly, "You noticed. Yep. Feels like I'm not wearing anything at all."
She wore a golden sundress with thin embroidered flowers all over it. The threads were a shade darker than the dress itself. From the collar to her waist were large brownish buttons. Four buttons in all. The top two buttons were open. Her cleavage bursting within. Not quite transparent but favorably close. It was easy enough to see her shapely curves beneath.
"Befitting of our mission today. Dress my daughter for an outing."
"We're going out?"
"Yes. Let's head to the Marina and watch the boats enjoy the day."
It dawns on her, "Nick? Do you own a boat?"
He grins at her, "Do I own a boat? Try a small Yacht. Sadly, underused. With our career choices it's hard to find time for the sea."
Willa brightens up, "Can we go out on the ocean?"
"When Claire returns I'll suggest that. For now let's just stroll the boardwalks. The Naval yard has a magnificent pier."
"And, sailors?" She winks.
"A Naval idea." He jests.
Snorting she caught on to his play on words, "Naval? Novel idea?"
Clasping his hands before her he suddenly frowns, "Where is Jesse?"
"He was on his cell out by the pool earlier. I think he's talking to his friends about his pool party."
"Ah! About that. I seem to recall his invitation to you."
She fidgets, "He wants me to wear a skimpy bikini in front of his friends. I hope he doesn't brag and make them think I'm his girlfriend."
"He's trying to fit in with the others at his Military School. That's why I believe he painted the Captain's Jeep. Getting attention not from Claire and I but from his fellow cadets."
"And, here I thought he did it because he found out you hired a hot Nanny." She wiggles playfully.
"Perhaps that too."
"Are you releasing Jesse from House Arrest to join us?"
"I am. As a Father I need to show a bit of mercy now and then."
"I see both sides, Dorian and Nick. I adore both."
"As you should."
His cell rings breaking the mood. He looks at the caller then adds, "I need to take this call. Tell Jesse to get ready to go. Dress Grace appropriately."
Stepping away into his back Den Nick answers the call.
"Good morning Hector. Did you run a check on the young lady I asked about?"
From the distance a Middle aged Hispanic man replies.
"I did. Ashleigh Evelyn Thomas. Everything seems to look fine. She graduated in the top twenty of her senior class. Never attended college however. 20 years old in July. Her parents are divorced. She lives with her Father, "Thurman Thomas". Shockingly, her Father is a Chef. He owns a small Restaurant in Mission Valley. Her Mother, "Deanna Thomas" used to be the Hostess there until their marital misfortunes. She recently relocated to L.A. to be with a new paramour."
"Describe Ashleigh." Nick needed more.
"Well, no felony charges. One misdemeanor however. She was caught streaking with friends at a party. A slap on the hand it looks like. Nothing any uglier really. It appears she is in the process of looking for a job. I see a termination recently."
"I'm aware of that. I'm considering her as a secondary Nanny. I just wanted to be certain she could be trusted with our Daughter."
Hector chuckles, "I know you, Amigo. I've seen her pictures. Hermosa! Leer es excitante!"
"That she is. That should be sufficient, Hector. Thanks for your time. Keep the NSA in check."
"Always, my Friend. Give Claire my love."
Nick hangs up and nods his satisfaction.
While Nick was having his conversation in the Den.
Willa held Grace as she stepped out by the pool. Jesse had just concluded his own phone call. He now sat with his legs dangling in the water.
"Hey Stud. Your Father is taking us to the Naval Pier. Go get ready."
He leers over his shoulder at her. Squinting he notices her dress. In the rays of the sun her silhouette was transparent. He chuckled, "You wearing that?"
"I am. Why?" As if she didn't know.
"Might as well be naked. I see everything in the sun."
"Complaining?"
"Nope! Just saying you might get arrested."
"I'm sure Nick would prevent that."
"Uh-huh! Of course he would. Hey! I'm cool with it. You know I love that body."
She smirks giggling, "I love my body."
"Who wouldn't?" He laughs crawling to his feet and shaking the water from his toes.
Together they head indoors. Parting once upstairs Willa goes to Gracie's room and changes her outfit into a white dress with blue stitching. A matching white hat covering her scalp from a harsh sun. She then packed a bag of her needs. Pacifier. Baby food and bib. Suntan lotion to keep her from getting burnt. She gathered everything she thought.
A stop in her own bedroom she found her sunglasses and spritzed herself with perfume. Claiming her tiny white purse she was on her way.
Meeting Jesse in the hallway he had changed his own clothes to a Navy blue T-shirt and white cargo pants. A pair of dark sunglasses atop his head. His Indian style choker around his neck.
From below the stairs Nick Benson claps his hands, "Chop! Chop! Let's go."
Nick had already loaded up a baby stroller into his Ford Edge and set up the car seat for Grace. Claiming his child from Willa he settled his daughter in her safety harness. Willa got in opposite of Grace to stay by her side.
Jesse rode shotgun up front.
Behind the wheel Nick left the garage and out on to the street.
Their trip took nearly two hours in traffic. The scenery blew Willa away.
Finally, Naval vessels were in sight.
In the distance rested the "USS Midway".
Parking was difficult but Nick managed to locate a spot. It would be a bit of a walk but the day was worth it.
The breeze off the ocean was gusty. As they got out preparing for their walk Willa's dress whipped about forcing her to maintain it. Nick found it amusing. Jesse prayed that she would let her skirt do its thing.
Grace was a joyous baby at all of the new images around her. Planted in her stroller Nick pushed her along. This gave Jesse and Willa freedom for a time. Jesse couldn't take his eyes off of the gorgeous Nanny.
Her long reddish brown hair whipping about made it hard to decide which was more important. Seeing or keeping her skirt in check. It was a humorous adventure for everyone. Including the passerby's enjoying their own day at the Pier.
Before long Willa realized that she was being tailed by a number of Sailors.
All around her were Uniformed men and visitors alike. Strangely, children were few and far between.
Easing to Nick's side Willa leans into him, "Entourage behind me. My dress isn't hiding much and they know it."
"Let them fantasize. It's your job to be seductive. Is it not?"
"Yes. It's awkward though because of Jesse."
Nick nods and removes his wallet to pinch out a pair of $20's. With a shrill whistle he got his Son's attention.
"Go buy drinks. I'll take a Pepsi. Bottled water for Willa. Grace has juice in her bottle already."
Jesse looks around him to locate a Vendor in the distance. A fast paced sprint later he heads for it.
"There's your opening. Do not hold your skirt."
She smiles with bright eyes, "Oh boy. In this wind they're in for a show."
Choosing to play with her hair she walks slowly along until a current of sea breeze billows her skirt high up on her hips. To the Sailors behind her a view of the most perfect ass on the boardwalk. The whipping lasted for two minutes before settling down.
Whistles were heard which made Willa wet. Even wetter as Nick winks at her.
With evil intent Nick reaches into the stroller for an emergency cloth in case Grace threw up on herself. Lifting it up he let the wind steal it from his grasp, sending it toward the Sailors.
With a glare toward Willa he grunts, "Fetch."
Willa pivots on her white ribbed sandal's and gives chase. The wind sending her skirt in all directions. From the waist down she was nude. The Sailors attempted to catch the rag billowing about as Willa enters their midst.
She acts clumsy while darting about to assist them. Laughter filled the air.
Finally, a tall dashing Sailor in his mid-twenties retrieves the cloth while his friends groan at losing their chance to approach the beauty before them. Reaching her he grins and offers it up.
"Here you go." He winks.
She blushes as her skirt whips up again giving him a peek at her thighs. Her pussy at his viewpoint. He had to blush himself.
"Windy day isn't it?" He chuckles.
"I'm breaking laws today aren't I?" She giggles.
"Don't let Security see you."
"Would you rescue me?" She smirks.
"Absolutely. My name's "Cullen"."
"Willa." She holds her hair strands from her smile, "Your friends are drooling. Should I offer this rag to wipe their chins?"
"Hard not to notice your body. You're gorgeous."
"Awww! Thanks Sailor. Keep following me. I might lose my dress if I know it's safe enough. You and your friends."
His brows peak up, "Guess we better. You might need back up to escape Security."
"Or save me from drowning if I fall off the pier. Dress might get wet. Even more transparent." She winks.
He whistles with a glint in his eye. His smile was perfect.
Twisting in step she flutters her fingers at Cullen's friends. The wind ripped through harder. Bare ass wiggled away to a salute of erections.
Returning to Nick she spotted Jesse coming back with drinks in hand.
"I think I made waves." She giggled.
"Tidal waves." Nick reaches down to rub her lower back.
"You want to slap my butt don't you, Dorian?" She sticks her tongue out at him.
"Soon enough, Sara." He sighs, "Perhaps your admirers should do that."
Her gaze grows intense. She hoped that would be the case.
Jesse steps up handing his Dad the can of Pepsi. Willa claims her water.
Journey continuing they reach the Pier and move out over the ocean's torrent. Today was a rough day at sea. People were clustered about. Fishermen were casting lines down into the water. It was such a remarkable sight.
"This is so much better than Chicago's Navy Pier. I love it here."
Nick nods then points across the harbor, "See that ship anchored out there? That's the "USS Midway". Built just as World War Two ended. It's the longest serving Aircraft Carrier in Naval History. We can make our way over there and go aboard if you like."
Jesse jumped at the chance. Maybe Military school was leaving an impression on him after all.
As they absorbed the riches of the scenery Willa leered back toward her still watching Fan's. As Jesse looked away she lifts the back of her skirt up as high as possible. She offered them a view of her own "Midway". They noted the middle of her back it was so high. They were eating it up.
Nick knew what she was doing but played coy. He instead pointed at other items at Sea to Jesse keeping him busy.
Willa bit her lower lip then turned her back to the wooden rail of the pier and lifted the front of her skirt this time. Higher than her belly button exposed her frontal assault. The men were grinning from ear to ear and acting as if they won a football game.
Her bottled water was lowered to rub between her legs and cool off her inner fire. After a linger there she lowered the skirt and let the wind grant them further privileges. She chose to open her water bottle and trickle it's contents along her cleavage. The transparency improved as her nipples were in succulent view after a nice dousing. She would cover her chest around Jesse until it dried. For now, let the sharks circle.
Waving at them she blows the Sailor's a kiss then turns back around. She eyes Nick with expected compliments.
He merely smirks and points toward Grace. She picked up on his hint and bent over to play with the baby's hand. Slipping her purse behind the Baby for safe keeping. In the process her skirt whipped about offering the Sailor's the vantage point of seeing her clam shaped pussy from behind. Not to mention her anal courtyard.
The Sailor's were in a frenzy.
As Willa stood up She huffed, "Jesse? Did you happen to notice a bathroom anywhere?"
Jesse turned around, "Yeah. Over there by the Souvenir Shoppe."
Willa dances in step, "I need to pee. Will you guys wait for me?"
"Of course. Jesse and I will meet you at the far end of the Pier. I would like a Corndog."
In her thoughts she giggles, "And, I want a Horndog."
Prancing away, this time holding her skirt to avoid Jesse from suspecting anything she waltz's directly by the Sailor's. Loudly she growls, "Meet me in the Men's room." in passing.
The Men drop their jaws and follow behind her.
Nick led Jesse and Grace away from her deeds.
Reaching the restrooms she turns to be certain Jesse and Nick were oblivious. Cullen steps toward her with his friends. He motions two of the five to check out the interior. Once clear Cullen waves her into the bathroom. Cullen forces a friend to stand guard.
Once within Willa unbuttons her cleavage all the way down and guides her dress off of her shoulders. In its soft thin fabric it drifted over her and fell to the floor. The four Sailor's were amazed by her fearlessness.
She darted directly into Cullen's arms and kissed him. Hard! His hands racing up and down her back.
Shocked, his friends moved around her to observe her backside. Cullen had reached her ass and squeezed it tightly. Whimpering with lust Willa breaks her kiss and kneels down in front of Cullen to begin unfastening his pants. His seven inch erection escapes his boxers and finds her mouth devouring him. Everyone in the latrine had to sigh at her quick direction. They could tell she was in a hurry. Her feeding frenzy made Cullen groan loudly and eye her lips swallowing his girth. He shot a loud in under two minutes.
Showing off her mouthful of cum she salutes him with a wag of her tongue.
Standing up she bends over in front of the others and slaps her own ass. Taking her lead the Sailor's began their own rash of spanking. Her ass turned red after six slaps each. One of the Sailor's escorted his fingers up into her trickling pussy from behind. She moaned instantly.
The Man chuckles, "To all the ships at Sea. This girl is wet."
That same man took her by the hand and dragged her into a bathroom stall shutting the door. He dropped his pants and introduced her to his released Kraken. Sitting on the toilet as she stood above him Willa then crawled into his lap and rode the waves. His cock felt delicious in her pussy. Minutes expire and she cums just before he does. Sweaty she pulls off of him in a web of juices.
She heard voices from outside as the guard was forced to let someone enter. Her dress was tossed over the stall door covering her like a transparent shroud. The other Sailors rushed into the adjoining stalls. She wanted to laugh until she heard the voice more closely. She had to grit her teeth.
Jesse had journeyed away from Nick obviously. He stood outside the stall next to her facing a urinal pissing.
All around her she heard the remaining Sailor's jerking off in their stalls. They weren't embarrassed by their activity. She literally heard hands slapping shafts. Grunts. Cursing.
Jesse hearing this grimaced with a grossed out expression and tried to hurry.
Willa chose to hold her mouth to avoid losing it. Her Sailor man winking at her before re-introducing his cock up inside her again. Silently she gyrated her hips to be fucked yet again. Her mind reeled at the sensations. The second she heard a flushing then a faucet she moaned. For the entire duration of running water she fucked her Sailor again.
Suddenly, the other Sailors shot their loads within the confinement of their stalls. Hearing them made Jesse bulge his eyes and run like hell.
Willa orgasms into her Sailor's mouth. Kissing him hard to prevent her scream.
She slithered from his lap and stood up holding the walls of the stall. He held her by her breasts for support. She slowly pulled her dress back on and buttoned up. Using toilet paper she wipes herself of cum the best she could. It was downright ugly but necessary.
As she heard the Sailor's abandon their stalls she waited until she heard, "It's safe."
Her partner unlocked the door and guided her back into Cullen's arms.
"That was close. Was that your little Brother?"
"Bosses, son. The older guys my Boss. I'm the Nanny with the sexy Fanny." She sighs laughing.
Cullen hugs her from behind as his friends smile and offer their thanks.
"Sorry some of you didn't get any. I think I can help if we hurry. Fingers up, Boys." She grins.
The guys each hold their still wet jerking hands up in front of her face. Her tongue licks their fingers dry. Once fed the men literally salute her Military style.
"I have to get back." She sighs heavily.
Releasing her Cullen ducks outside to secure her escape from the Men's room. He noted Jesse in the distance walking toward his Dad. Back turned Cullen waves her out.
She wiggled away grinning from ear to ear.
Nick was talking to Jesse as she reached them. Jesse was telling his Dad about the perverts jerking off in the Men's room.
"Sorry. Too much H2O. Tinkled like forever."
Nick chuckled and showed her a good time.
"I bought you a corndog."
Her eyes bulge at the sight.
"Oooh! That's a big one." She places it in her mouth and sucks on the corn meal coating playfully.
Jesse groaned and rolled his eyes.
Nick admired her hair hiding her eyes in the breeze. She had a story to tell.
He would write it down.
The remainder of the day was pure sight seeing.
The tour of the USS Midway fascinating.
Willa enjoyed her second corndog more than the first.