The couple arrived home from their weekend outing and unloaded their car. Erin started a load of wash, while she thought of the fun they had on the weekend away, she thought about the conservative values she has been taught through her informative years, this caused guilt to arise. Carl on the other hand was happy with their weekend away glad that his wife has finally come out of her conservative shell, he washed both cars without the realization of the torment his wife is in over her actions this past weekend.
When Erin saw Carl with the brown paper wrapped charcoal drawing, she asked in horror. "What are you going to do with the drawing? I don't want to see that around, destroy it. I don't know what I was thinking to let you talk me into that nasty charcoal sketch?"
"First of all it is not nasty it is an erotic sketch of a lovely mature woman and one that I love dearly. Furthermore I am working on a solution. You will love it when I am finished." Carl stated in his defense, proud that he came up with an outlandish idea. Unbeknown to his wife, he will bring the charcoal to a friend of his who is an artist and into electronics as well, Carl will have him make a hologram so he can switch from the erotic charcoal nude to another photo he has of his wife in a sexy red dress he took a few weeks ago, all in the same frame.
That night the couple took a shower, Erin stayed nude per her husband's request, they cuddled as they watched TV and then went to bed early. Carl contented, but tired, Erin in a melancholy mood. Carl had a very restful slumber and before he knew it, the alarm went off.
Erin on the other hand had an internal struggle the raged most of the night: she had a great time over the weekend, met wonderful new friends, enjoyed the exposure, but her conservative nature made her feel guilty for those pleasures. She wondered if this is the road she should go down further, because of the way she feels afterwards, even though her husband likes to see her nude around other people. Erin is concerned as to why her husband wants her exposed to others. Is he bored with her and wants to see other women? Will these new adventures lead to her in bed with other men and Carl with other women? She will need to discuss this with Carl at the right time, but in the meantime, she will continue with the adventures Carl plans for her. Hopefully they will not be too kinky.
Erin arose early, showered, made breakfast, dressed for work, and was gone, before her husband awaken. She left Carl his breakfast and he had to clean up the dishes before he left for work, as his usual shift at the car dealership is from ten to six and also every other weekend he works a four hour shift.
Per usual Erin was in her office a half hour before eight and checked her emails. She noted that Eric wants to see her, so she went to his office, as he is usually there early.
Eric was extremely happy with his new assistant as he surmised correctly that she is motivated by financial reward, and hopes she will continue to be compliant with the needs of the organization. When she entered his office, he had a smile for her and asked. "How was your weekend?"
"It was great! Thanks for asking and I appreciated the day off. We have not gone anywhere for years."
"Your appreciation accepted, but not needed you worked your forty hours." He then asked. "Where did you go?"
"We went to a B&B in Vermont." She lied and gave the name of the town near Abbots Glenn Resort.
"Oh, I know that area, the only place I know with overnight accommodations in that area is Abbots Glenn Resort." Eric said and smiled when he watched Erin turn red as a beet and twist her hair in her fingers. He had his answer as to where the couple went for the weekend. It also confirmed that she is not as conservative as she appears, which delighted her boss. "Erin you are doing a great job, and as long as you keep up the good work. I think you will be hired permanently. Even though you have been here less than a month, would you like to get into our health insurance and retirement plan?" As he handed her the booklet that explained the plan, he continued to explain. "Take this home and let your husband look at it with you and see what you think or want to do?"
Eric after he saw the reaction to his question about Abbots Glenn Resort, he more-or-less told Erin that she could stay if she wanted to when he handed her the brochure. The reason will become clear as the story unfolds.
Erin took the document to look over. She surmised that she will be hired full time, by the information Eric gave her, but unbeknown to the naive' woman, she will constantly be approached by Eric to perform more tasks that will go against her conservative nature. She put the brochure in her attaché' case when she arrived at her office, excited by the prospect of a well-paying full-time job and went back to work completely unaware of her future role in this organization.
Erin read through the insurance booklet when she arrived home from the office. She made notes in the margin, confused by some of the narrative.
When Carl arrived home, he asked. "What are you looking at my love?"
"It is the insurances and retirement plan for SAI."
"Really! You have been there less than a month and they gave you the brochure for the plan? Wow! It looks like you're in like flint at SAI."
"Yes, hopefully things are looking up. The pay has been great, and I am enjoying my job. I love the cooperative atmosphere of all the employees. The guys in the organization treat me with respect and as an equal." Erin explained to her husband.
They found after they spent the better part of the week going over all the information on the policy in their spare time, it was better than Carl's insurance plan, and paid one hundred present of most procedures, so they decided over the weekend to go with this plan. The only downside is Carl will have to see if there are any penalties to be reinstated, if Erin doesn't keep the job with SAI.
The week went by fast and uneventful for the couple.
The weekend consisted of more adventures for Erin. For a while Erin has been after Carl to take a ride to the Holyoke Mall. He resisted her plea until now, as he told her they didn't have the cash for such a trip, but with his wife's employment they have become less strapped financially.
Erin asked. "It is a beautiful day, why not go to the mall today?"
Carl was not in the mood to wander around a mall, so to dissuade his wife he said. "Sure, we can go to the mall, but I want you to wear a dress without bra or panties as it is warm and sunny."
It took her a minute to push her conservative nature out of her mind so that her alter ego took precedence. "You have a deal, my dear, just let me shower and we can go." The happy lady said with a smile, as she sashayed down the hall to the bathroom, to her husband's disappointment.
Carl was shocked that she readily agreed without a debate, so while Erin was in the shower, Carl went through her wardrobe and found a short red dress with buttons down the front which she has refused to wear in public many times, with a matched pair of sandals. He was still confident they would not go to the mall after Erin saw the outfit, he picked out for her.
When his wife entered their bedroom from the in-suite bath Carl said. "I took the liberty of selecting your outfit for today." As he gave her a smile which said. "I dare you to wear this in public."
To her husband's amazement when his conservative wife saw the outfit laid out on the bed, she said. "You did a great job with the selection of my outfit my dear. I will be honored to wear this outfit for your pleasure today." She said it in a voice that dripped gratitude, as she donned the dress and shoes she continued. "I like the ease in which I can dress with your help."
To the utter disbelief of her husband, he thought she would give him hell.
Although hope for a day of relaxation at home dwindled the eternal optimist in him stated. "It is a monotonous drive on the Mass Pike to the mall. I would like you to ride there nude." Carl stated, with a smile directed to his wife.
"Great idea Carl. It sounds like fun, but please don't get me arrested that is all I ask." His once prim and proper wife stated to him with a smile. Unbeknown to Carl she liked the attention she received when she was half dressed when they went out to eat, she liked the attention she received when she tried on the intimate garments in front of her boss, and the weekend at the nudist camp was fun also. Her alter ego is alive and well for this mall trip.
"Well I guess we are going to the mall then, my love." Carl said as he headed to the car with Erin right behind. He had a sense the mall trip will not be drudgery for him today after all.
Before they left their neighborhood, Erin made good on her commitment to ride nude to the mall. She unbuttoned her dress all the way, took her arms out of the sleeves turned, and put the garment over the head rest. Erin settled back into the seat as she adjusted and buckled the seat belt between her lovely slight breasts, she said. "Are you happy to travel to the mall now?" Erin twisted in her seat and spread her legs as she asked the question.
He looked over at his beautiful wife in her exposed position and said. "Yes, it will be a great day to shop." He never tires of her naked beauty, to have her more confident in her beauty to expose her womanhood and her lovely small breasts with her large nipples, in a semi public setting arouses him.
It is fortunate the Thruway has electronic EZPASS presently, so Erin didn't need to cover up when they entered the Pike on ramp.
As the couple conversed Erin sat one leg against the console and the other against the dash, to give her husband the best view possible of her pussy in the confined space of the car. She played with her pubic hair and rubbed her slit. Carl had a hard time as he drove, as Erin very rarely puts on a show of self love for him. Good thing he had driver assistance and collision avoidance on the vehicle otherwise he would have cracked up the car. The interior of the car became heavy with the scent of Erin's excitement before they were halfway to the Mall. It was her first orgasm of the day which was self-induced. The pheromones' in the car and the observation of his wife's self-love caused Carl to become painfully erect. He had to adjust his manhood into a more comfortable position.
After the mature woman rested for a few miles, Carl unable to control himself when he saw his wife get off in the car. He needed to rub his wife's pussy as he drove. It was an accomplishment to drive and rub her pussy at the same time, but as they say, 'where there is a will there's a grieving relative.'
No, that is not right! The saying goes 'where there is a will there's a way' now I got it, sorry back to the story.
He never tires of the feel of his wife's vaginal orifice, the feel of her well lubricated sex excites him. Erin had another orgasm just before they exited the thruway onto route ninety-one north. After she came down from her orgasmic high, she had barely time to put on her dress.
She had one button done on the dress as Carl parked the car. "Leave two buttons on the top and bottom undone.
"That only gives me four buttons to preserve my modesty my dear. Do you want your wife to be the center of attention at this mall?" She asked in an impish way, but she knew the answer.
"Yes, I think you will brighten many men's otherwise dismal day as they shop with their wives or girlfriends, with glimpses of your lovely body exposed in some way."
While Erin made herself somewhat presentable, Carl exited the vehicle and went around to open the door for his wife. She knew why, so she gave him an unobstructed view of her pussy as she exited. She shivered with excitement, when she looked past her husband to see a young man who received the same view, but at a further distance.
Their first stop was the Christmas Tree Shop. Carl and Erin spent at least an hour as they browsed the items on sale. Erin was too busy as she looked through the items to notice the young man who caught a glimpse of her pussy when they first arrived, was in the vicinity of the couple and now he had three other young men with him all in their late teens to early twenties.
When Erin cashed out Carl said. "I will bring the purchases to the car."
"I will meet you at JC Penny's" Erin said.
As she walked away toward the escalator, Carl noted that the young men followed his wife. They stayed ten steps behind in hopes of a view up Erin's skirt when she went up the escalator, he surmised. He needed to hurry, so he could catch up with his wife, now he has become nervous that he wanted his wife to be all but nude in public. She is only one garment, four buttons and her shoes away from complete nudity.
Carl caught up to his wife as she browsed in the ladies' department of the store when he returned from the car. She looked at a few of the summer outfits on sale. She turned towards him and he saw she now had three buttons undone on the top and bottom of her dress, this left only two buttons of her garment from full frontal nudity. As she walked a flash of pussy hair appeared from time to time and when she bent over to look at something one of her small breast became exposed, he noted she was excited by the size of her exposed nipple. He looked around and saw the group of young men observe her exposure. They smiled at Carl and gave him a thumbs up. This made him feel better about the young men.
"Erin you are two buttons from total frontal nudity, now you become very exposed when you walk or bend over. Did you know this?"
"Yes, I did I am having fun showing off for the group of young men that have been following me since entering the Christmas Tree Shop. Is that Okay with you?" She asked.
"Sure it is, as long as you're having fun." Carl stated. He had an idea. Carl walked over to the group. "How are you young men doing today?"
"Good, we are just walking around the Mall." The spokesmen for the group stated as they did not know if there was a problem.
"I can see you have the same tastes as my wife, because I have seen you in every store we have been in so far." Carl stated.
Now the group of young men are nervous, and the spokesmen stated. "We haven't noticed her really it is just a coincidence that we are here with her."
"Calm down guys, I like to have men look at my wife." Carl continued. "How would you like to watch my wife try on shoes?" He asked the group.
"Sure, we love to watch women with dresses try on shoes." The spokesmen stated hopeful that they would get a pussy show.
"What did you say to my group of admirers?" Erin asked Carl when he walked back to her.
"I told them you will eventually go shoe shopping."
"Well I don't I need any shoes." Erin said as she knew what her husband had in mind and she thinks that will go too far.
It was another two hours before Carl finally convinced Erin she needed shoes and steered his reluctant wife into a shoe store. The group followed the couple all this time, but they were at a point that they didn't figure there was to be much more they would see of the older women's charms and talked among themselves of the possibility they will leave, when they finally saw Carl go into the shoe store.
"Why are we going into this shoe store Carl, I don't want to try on any shoes and the young men have been following us all day as they perved on my exposed bits."
"I want you to try on some shoes and I will buy you any that you want Erin."
Carl said as he ushered Erin into an alcove of the store where the seats are arranged face to face for customers to have shoes fitted. He had her sit in an area where the young men had a view of her fittings, but out of the main flow of customer traffic.
Erin noted the group are near her, so she stated. "So, I guess you want me to put on a show for the young men who have been following us all day as a thank you for the joy you received as you watched them voyeur me, is that the plan Carl?"
"You are so perceptive my dear."
"Okay, if you want me to do this, call over one of the sales associates to help me." Erin responded, while she prepared mentally for her exposure. She had to push her conservative upbringing way into the rear of her subconscious mind to accomplish what her husband wants. To quell her guilt she rationalized. Her husband made the decision for her as he wants her to be exposed to the group. Her guilt is transferred to her husband because she will do this to please him.
Joyfully Carl left his wife to find someone. He brought back a young man who looks to be in his twenties, experienced in the shoe business, but hinted to inexperienced in life and association with women. It was evident when he looked at the half exposed older woman who sat and waited for a salesperson.
Erin said to the associate. "I need a shoe with a three-inch heel I would like to see a few colors."
"I will need to measure your foot if you don't know your size." He said as he brought over a low stool to sit on when she shook her head no.
Erin resigned to the fact her husband wants her exposed in public, so she stuck her bare foot into the associate's crotch just as soon as he sat down, and spread her legs wide to give the young man an unobstructed view of her pussy. As he looked up her skirt, she could feel his member rise and she gave him a grin as she rubbed her foot on his bulge.
"I see you like me, Kevin" Erin said after she saw his name tag. She looked past the associate and saw the group of young men as they tried to see up her skirt also. "Come on over here and sit down in the seats in front of me, so you can see better, while Kevin goes to get the shoes." She stated in her rendition of a sexy voice, she knows what her husband wants and figures she will have fun with her exposure.
She conversed with all the young men seated in front of her as they enjoyed her exposure. The young men were amazed by the mature beauties willingness to show off her charms to them. The conversation with her was light and fun. They have never had the experience to converse with an all but naked woman before and in a shoe store.
This brought Kevin back to focus on the task at hand to measure her foot for the shoe. The young man was in awe of the mature woman's pussy. He has extraordinarily little experience with young ladies as he is very shy. Reluctantly he removed her foot from his crotch and measured. "You have a size eight- and one-half." He stated. Kevin did not make eye contact, he talked to Erin's pussy. He arose embarrassed at his condition adjusted his pecker in front of the older woman and Erin's groupies. Kevin, embarrassed by his aroused condition, hurried away to get the shoes Erin wanted.
The store did not have many customers, the area that Erin sat in was semi private and Carl watched if anyone were to approach the area, he would signal is wife to cover up. Erin decided that she will put on a good show for the young men that religiously followed her all day. She unbuttoned her dress covertly, all the way. As she moved around when Kevin sat down and helped put on her shoe, she gave him a full frontal. He was stunned as he looked over the mature woman's charms.
"You are beautiful!" He stated he could not take his eyes off the exposed woman in front of him. Her small breasts with large nipples that sagged slightly, but delightfully, her groomed pubic area, and the sight of her moist engorged labia on view for his pleasure. Kevin could smell her excitement and he became embarrassed as a wet spot formed at the crotch of his pants.
The group of young men were in awe of the mature beauty also, they stated. "Beautiful! You have made our month; we have never seen a woman who actually enjoys exhibitionism before."
"Why thank you kind sirs. I am glad to bring some joy to you on this lovely day, even though I am old enough to be your mother." With the last statement Erin buttoned up her dress, as she heard people behind her get closer to see why the group was so intrigued by the older couple.
Thus, ended the day at the mall. Erin finally received her day trip to the mall, with a new pair of shoes and other items. Carl is content that his wife has finally broken through her conservative boundaries. They walked arm-in-arm to their car with the group of young men behind them. All involved did not want to have the day end.
The couple arrived at the vehicle with the group in pursuit, as they approached, Carl opened the car door for Erin. She sat half turned in the seat left leg in and right leg on the pavement, when the group stopped beside their car. Her dress opened at the bottom to expose her pubic area and at the top one breast was exposed because of the way she leaned forward. She remained in this position even though the group of young men stopped.
"We want to thank you again for a great day. The group spokesmen stated, but their reason was to get on last look at the sexy mother figure.
"Why thank you, could you tell me your names." Asked Erin.
Each one of the men gave the older woman their names and the spokesmen stated to Carl. "Thanks for allowing your wife to give us the visual pleasure we experienced today."
"I think we all had fun today. I know I did with all the items I purchased, the shoes included. It was the best time I had in a long time when I shopped today, because my husband did not hurry me along." Erin stated, with that comment she turned in the seat and unbuttoned her dress laid it over the seat, sat in the seat nude, buckled up, adjusted the belt so it rested between her naked beasts, and Carl shut the door. It signaled the end of the show for the group, so the group of young men reluctantly left.
"You did a great job today; I am proud of you. You made the group of young men's day. They have a new respect for older ladies, I would say." Carl said when he entered the vehicle and as he started it.
Before they entered route ninety-one south Erin twisted in her seat, she played with her pussy hair as she listened to her husband's accolades, before she said. "Are you sure you don't think I am a slut, for my performance today? It was fun, but now I feel guilty for my performance in public and to let the young men see all of me. If my parents found out about my erotic show today, they would be extremely disappointed in me. As far as my faith goes, I hope I don't go to hell." Erin had tears in her eyes with the last statement.
"Definitely not, it is a dream come true to see you perform as you did today. I want you to do this more often. We had fun, so what is the big deal? No one was hurt and you thrilled the young men that saw you." Carl stated.
Erin looked at her husband but didn't answer him. For the rest of the trip home the couple went from one topic to another all the while Carl watched Erin play with her pubic hair and rub her slit from time to time. Her sexual stimulation was obvious by her rigid nipples and her pheromones that permeated the interior of the car. The only problem is Erin is conflicted, she wants to please her husband, but her conservative nature gets in the way.
When the couple arrived home Erin's alter ego, the sexy cougar, surfaced in a big way. She exited the car nude that was in the garage and carried her dress over her shoulder, she looked back at her husband and stated. "Can you bring in my purchases?"
"It would be my pleasure." Carl said as he exited the vehicle and gathered the items.
He walked into the kitchen to find his wife nude, she leaned on the counter with her legs spread to expose her engorged labia, she stated to her husband. "You need to put out the fire in my box, from the long day of teasing."
He did not need an engraved invitation: Carl dropped all the packages on the floor, dropped his garments and shuffled over to rub his pecker along his wife's moist folds. She moaned as he pushed the head of his dick into her extremely wet box. They coordinated their efforts to gain the most pleasure as they coupled, so they could cum together. It was only five minutes and they felt their orgasms build to a crescendo. Carl blew his load into his wife and he laid over her exhausted. She was lucky to be laid over the counter or she would have fell, her orgasm hit her so hard, it made her legs buckle.
The couple went into the den and collapsed on the loveseat. They cuddled in the nude while they watched a series on netflix, so engrossed in the show, it was a late night for both.
The next morning Erin awoke to the smell of coffee brewing and bacon cooking. She removed her PJs and put on one of her husband's shirts. Erin walked into the kitchen all but nude to find bacon and eggs ready for consumption.
Carl never tires of the exposure of his wife's body. He was pleased she is exposed as they eat breakfast, she walked around the house and in the back yard with her husband's shirt on and unbuttoned. Carl admired her naked beauty all morning long and by noontime he needed a box lunch.
"I need to talk to you." He said as he brought his wife into the home office, cleared the desk, helped her sit on it and he sat in the office chair.
"What is it Carl? What do you want to talk about?" His wife asked as she sat with her legs spread and a foot on each arm of the office chair.
Her husband rubbed her moist lower lips. "The first thing that pops up." Carl giggles.
"Looks like that train has left the station by the looks of the tent in your shorts."
"It is lunch time and I need to have a box lunch." Carl says as he slides his wife to the end of the desk and bends down to start to lap at her opened pussy lips.
Erin leaned back on her elbows and when her husband stuck his tongue in her manhole she elicited. "Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. That feels so good, up a little yessssssssssssss right there keep licking. AHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" She screamed as her orgasm overtook her. Erin laid back on the desk to enjoy her orgasm.
Carl was busy, he removed his shorts. He aimed his cock into his wife's honey pot and once his cock head was in, he grabbed his wife's legs and drilled her balls deep.
Still not over her orgasm she moaned. "OHOHOH that feels good pump faster, yesss that's it keep going faster. I am almost there."
It was a eight-minute run to the finish line for Carl as he pounded his wife per her request. "Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah" he groaned as he shot rope after rope of cum into his wife. This caused her to go over the edge into another orgasm. It is a rare occasion that she has two orgasms so close together. Carl fell back into the seat exhausted but happy.
After both showered Erin spent the rest of the day nude and she sunned in the backyard where there is a semi private area. While Carl sat and looked at his lovely wife exposed to the world, a fantasy that has become a reality for both. He did not want his wife to burn, so he took an exorbitant amount of time to rub suntan liquid all over her body. He was incredibly careful to get her boobs and pussy coated also.
Erin could see her husband was in a particularly good mood, so she took the opportunity to ask. "Carl. we have enough room to put a pool and a hot tub in. This way I will have an excuse to be nude all summer."
"If you're willing to be nude anytime you're at the pool no matter who is here I will agree to install a pool and spa, but you will have to pay for it." Carl stated.
"We will discuss that, but I think we can come to an agreement on it within reason." Erin stated as she rubbed his manhood through his shorts as they conversed.
Sunday night they went out to eat, Carl gave his wife a break she dressed as she liked in jeans, tee with bra and panties, sandals on her feet.
Monday Erin arrived at work per usual, but she did not see Eric until midday he checked in with Erin and asked. "Do you want to be put on the insurance program we have?"
"Yes, I do."
"Okay I will give you the number of our company physician, so you can schedule a medical exam."
"I didn't know about that?"
"On the last page of the brochure it stated all applicants for insurance will have a complete medical exam." Eric explained to his assistant.
About fifteen minutes later Erin received an Email from Eric with the doctors' information, and a note that stated. "As we are developing a robot that will be able to give medical assessments. We will be using your medical to familiarize members of our organization on the proper protocol for medical evaluations. Several of our staff will attend your exam to gather data for our project. So, when it is scheduled let me know."
When Erin read the email, she became upset, first she does not like to go to the doctors, but she knows for her own wellbeing a yearly physical is needed. She went through the humiliation of her yearly a month ago. She decided to see Eric on the off chance her recent exam will be accepted by the insurance company. Erin sent an email to Eric, it stated. "I would like to meet with you about the insurance exam. When are you available?"
Eric knew that Erin would send an email about the exam, so he wanted to get this unpleasant situation dealt with immediately no matter what the outcome. "I am available now come to my office." He emailed back.
It was a short walk to Eric's office and Erin practiced what she wanted to say on the way. The door was open, so she knocked on the side of the jamb to get her bosses attention.
"Come in Erin, how can I help you?"
"Well I ah, just had my yearly physical a few weeks ago. I can get my records; will that work for our insurance company?"
"The insurances we have are expensive and the company needs all employees to have medical exams when they come on board and yearly by our company physicians. So, to answer your question, no you will not be able to use the information from your last medical exam."
"Okay, how many will be attending my exam then?" The nervous admin asked.
"About six, at least, I believe." Eric answered.
The older woman with a red face asked. "Will everyone stay for the complete exam?"
"Yes, the group has to program the robot to give the exam, so they will have to take notes and ask questions throughout the exam to do so." Eric stated as if she should have known this.
"I have to talk to my husband first, before I call the doctor for an appointment." Erin told her boss.
"Okay then let me know what you decide." Her boss said with a look of frustration on his face.
Erin walked back to her office and called her husband. The phone rang.
"Hi dear you miss me and needed to call?" Carl said when he saw his wife's number come up on his cell.
"Yes, I do miss you, but I have a dilemma."
"What is your dilemma?"
"In order to be qualified for the insurance I need a complete medical exam. The dilemma is there will be at least six of the men that work in this organization to witness my exam, so they can take notes to program the prototype medical bot in production. I want you to come with me please."
Carl was relieved that Erin will undergo the exam as she did not mention any adversity to it. "Sure, just tell me when and I will be there." Carl said excited that he will see his wife nude and examined in front of a group."
Erin called the doctor's office, and she was given an appointment for the following week on Monday morning. She emailed the information to Eric with a note that stated her husband will attend her exam.
Eric saw the email from Erin. He had the emergency numbers for his employees, he looked up the number and called Carl. "Hi, Carl this is Eric your wife's boss. I understand that you will be at your wife's exam. You understand this is not only an exam, but my organization will collect information on the proper protocol for a medical exam to be programed into our medical bot prototype?"
"I understand and that is fine with me. My wife is new to exhibitionism she was very conservative until recently. I want her to continue, but she needs my encouragement to do so." Carl explained.
"You realize that she will be totally exposed to a few of the staff and manually examined by all present. She will have no secrets from all who attend. I don't want you to become confrontational when you see other men intimately touch your wife." Eric said to try to dissuade Carl from attendance.
"No, I am on board. I will stay out of the way and let you do what needs to be done for the good of the organization." Carl answered.
Eric has a hunch that Carl likes to see his wife nude in front of other people, so he asked. "Carl don't be upset with me, but I have to ask. Do you like to have your wife nude in front of other people?"
After a long hesitation to formulate his answer, Carl admitted. "Yes, I do. I have been trying to get my wife to be more outgoing for many years, now that she has turned the corner and she enjoys being the center of attention. I don't want her to revert back to her conservative nature."
Overjoyed that Carl admitted his inclination Eric asked. "Would you want your wife to be nude in front of her co-workers more often."
"How will you make that happen without Erin's protests?" Carl asked with an excited inflection in his voice.
Eric knew he peaked Carl's interest presently, so he continued. "Carl, our organization will need someone to test the medical bot to make sure it works properly. I was going to hire a female model to do the testing, but if you can talk your wife into this roll. I will pay her extra and let you know when the tests will take place and you can attend. Furthermore, every time I need Erin to do something where nudity is needed, she calls you because she is not sure you will approve. Can you let her know that you want her to do this for our organization and have her contact you when she will need to expose herself for tests?"
"Yes, I can do that as long as I can be there when she is nude." Carl agreed.
After the conversation with Carl, Eric plotted a course to have Erin nude more often at work with her husband's help.
The plot to relieve Erin of her clothes more often at work began when Carl arrived home from work. She was at the cooktop to prepare dinner, he went up to her, grabbed her around the waist, pulled her into his package, kissed her and said. "Eric called me at work today he wanted to make sure I was comfortable there will be a few employees at your medical. I told him yes as long as I am there."
Nervous about her scheduled exam she stated angrily her eyes flashed dark green. "So as long as you're there to see my humiliation it is okay I am exposed to my co-workers. Is that right?"
"No, it isn't it Erin. Remember you will provide a service for future women who can be scanned by the robot instead of another person in the room. Wouldn't you feel more comfortable in that situation?" Carl said as he backpaddled to deflect his wife's anger and figured it will be a lot harder than he thought to get his wife to agree to be SAI's medical model.
"Yes, if I looked at the exam in that fashion it will be worth the humiliation to help others." Erin stated, this calmed her down somewhat.
Dinner was ready and they sat down each in their own little world. Carl didn't want to converse with his wife in the mood she was in. He just lets lying cougar's lie. He is surprised how angry she is tonight and stressed about the exam. He thought she has become less conservative, but it doesn't look like it tonight.
After dinner there was a knock on the door. Greg, Carl's friend who framed Erin's erotic charcoal brought in the piece of artwork.
Erin not quite over the last confrontation asked. "Carl you let Greg see my nasty charcoal?" Her eyes flashed dark green.
"Well yes, how did you think he would be able to do what I asked." Carl stated.
Greg stood between the couple and stated. "I can come back if this is a bad time." Afraid that the daggers in Erin's eyes at the moment will kill him.
"No, I am excited to see what you came up with. Let's go to the office." Carl said as they walked toward the room, while Erin trailed behind.
Carl put the artwork on the wall, as Greg plugged in a cord into the outlet behind the artwork. It showed his wife spread in all her naked glory for anyone that saw the charcoal she will not have any secrets from them.
"You can't leave that charcoal up of me in that position Carl, I will not allow it." Erin stated, her green eyes flashed in Anger.
Greg hit a fob and the charcoal disappeared and a photo of Erin in her sexy red dress appeared in the artwork. He made a hologram of Erin in the red dress to be viewed over the erotic charcoal. "You like that better Erin?" Greg asked.
"Yes, that is much better than the nude of me." Erin stated.
"Actually, I like the nude of you better, you're a beautiful woman. You should be nude more often. I say this with reverence." Greg stated and continued. "If you ever have the urge to model nude let me know I am always on the lookout for sexy uninhibited mature women."
"I will call you first Greg" And as an afterthought Erin stated. "When hell freezes over."
The week from hell ensued, no matter how hard Carl tried he could not please his wife and by Friday morning he said to his wife. "Cancel the Monday appointment we can keep my insurance."
Erin walked out the door to go to work without a reply.
Friday was horrendous for Erin she snapped at everyone in the office. So much so that Eric came in to see her. "Erin you have been terribly upset for the week. What is the problem you're usually such a happy person?"
"I have a lot on my mind Eric. I will be fine in a while."
"Is it about your exam on Monday?" He asked as he put his hand on her shoulder.
"Yes, I hate to go to the doctors." She stated in tears.
He felt bad for his Admin. Eric did not realize how traumatic an exam for her is and said. "I will pay you for the day why don't you go home and rest." Concerned that she will be like this every time he asks her to test the medical bot.
"Thank you I think I better." She said as she arose, and Eric gave the upset woman a hug.
"I know it is for the good of the company, but I will be the one humiliated and the only one exposed throughout the exam." She voiced her concerns.
"Why don't you look at it like this. You will help the company with the medical robot." Eric stated as he tried to get her to feel better about the exam she will be put through.
"Yeah right easy for you to say. I am the one nude not you." Erin said as she walked out of her office. It was one thing to flash and be nude when everyone else is nude but something altogether different to be probed and pocked in front of a group of men that are fully clothed and co-workers.
She shopped, but her foul mood did not subside it intensified. In fact, all weekend she was at her husband. He could not please her with anything he tried to do for her. Always there would be a nasty remark as her green eyes flashed in anger with comments like. "You're happy you are going to see your wife nude and spread in front of my associates." Or "My fellow workers will see I have no boobs."
Whenever Carl tried to comfort her, she would come up with remarks, so he gave her a wide berth for the weekend and hopefully after Monday things will get back to normal.
At bedtime all weekend Carl tried to cuddle up to his wife, hold her to console her, but she was inconsolable and pushed his advances away.
By Monday morning Carl decided that he did not want to go with her, so he said. "I have to go to work today. I have some prospects for sales I need to deal with."
"You will like hell. You will come with me today. I want you to see your wife's humiliation." She said her eyes dark green in anger that he even attempted to let her go through this alone. "I need your support now and you want to back out. How dare you." She spat angrily at her husband with her eyes dark green as she seemed to look through him.
She did not have to be at the doctor's office until ten and Eric said he will meet them there, so she went up to take a shower, while Carl cleaned up the breakfast dishes. He entered their bedroom as Erin came out of the bathroom nude without any acknowledgement he was in the room with her. She put on a little makeup and did her hair. She went to her closet and took out one of her suits with a skirt of dark gray. She went to her lingerie drawer, took a matched bra and pantie set out, laid them on the bed. She put on the skirt, blouse, and suit coat without the under garments. A pair of black heels finished her outfit. Erin picked up the undergarments and put them in her purse. "I will put these on when I dress for work after the exam." She explained to her husband in the same angry tone she addressed him all week.
He took a quick shower dressed and they were off to the doctors' office a few blocks from her office factory complex.
Erin and Carl arrived to find, the lawyer, Eric and six of her co-workers already there. She went to the desk and angrily stated. "I'm Erin Mitchell here for my day of humiliation."
"Mrs. Mitchell I am sorry you feel this way." The medical assistant at the reception desk stated with sympathy. She tried to calm down the older woman and stated. "My name is Wanda. Mrs. Mitchell you will perform a valuable service with this exam. You should be happy to help with the new technology that your company has in design."
"If you are so excited about it why don't you take my place then?" Erin spat.
"Would that make you feel less stressed?" Wanda asked.
"Yes, it would." Stated Erin, but she did not believe the woman would do this.
"Okay, have a seat Mrs. Mitchell.
Erin went and took a seat away from everyone, she glared at the group.
Wanda went over and talked with Eric. "Mrs. Mitchell is incredibly stressed. Could you use another study subject to document also?" Wanda asked as she is a medical model for the medical students.
"Yes, will you be willing to be examined in front of everyone here? I will pay you a models fee for it if you do." Eric asked Wanda who is approximately thirty years old and he doesn't see any rings on her fingers.
"Sure, as long as it advances science." The younger woman with red hair stated.
Monday was a day off for the office, they only came in for Erin's exam, so there will be Wanda the PA and the doctor who just arrived. She advised the Doctor that she will assist in the documentation for the medical robots also as the patient is very stressed about this exam.
The Doctor walked over to Erin. "Hi, Mrs. Mitchell my name is Doctor Ambrose." The striking young man of about thirty-six stated to Erin as he shook her hand. "I understand you're nervous about this exam, so Wanda volunteered to go through it with you. If you like."
With a smile of relief Erin said. "Really Wanda you will be examined also?"
"Yes Mrs. Mitchell I will if that will calm you down." Wanda stated, with a smile that calmed the older woman.
"Thank you, Wanda, and call me Erin, since everyone will know what I had for breakfast before the day is done." Erin stated and her green eyes flashed mischievously, her humor returned thankfully for all present, they did not want the wraith of Erin directed at them all day.
"Well shall we begin ladies. Wanda go to the large exam room and bring Erin with you. You know the protocol for this exam, so could you get ready. We will give you about fifteen minutes before we come in." The doctor directed.
Wanda lead Erin into a large exam theater with a raised platform about eight inches high, and twenty seats in the gallery. This medical office was attached to a teaching college, this is the reason for the theater like exam room. Wanda is a medical model so the students can gain experience with the medical exam of women. Erin shivered when she saw the exam table with stirrups, she knows that she will be in the exam position before she leaves today all participants will know what she looks like minus clothes.
"You should probably get ready Erin. The protocol for this exam is nude." Wanda said as she broke Erin out of her unpleasant revery, Erin looked over and saw Wanda topless and she started to remove her scrub bottoms and worked on her panties.
Erin did not want to be left behind, so she removed her suit coat and hung it on the hook, her blouse came next and Erin was topless, when Erin dropped her skirt it surprised Wanda as the older woman was nude under her outer garments. The younger woman didn't anticipate that.
The contrast in the two women was striking. While Erin was tall with small breasts and slim with dark hair. Wanda was short, less than five foot five with large breasts. She has a figure of a classic nineteenth century nude model, not skinny but very sexy with red hair and skin the tone of porcelain.
"You feel better presently Erin?"
"Yes, much better."
"You mind going first Erin since you need a physical?"
"I guess I can go first." Erin said as she mounted the exam table, she put one hand between her legs to shield her sex and an arm across her breasts, as she waited for the group to enter.
There was a knock on the door.
"Enter." Wanda who stood there as if she was clothed stated.
The doctor opened the door and stuck his head in. "Erin do you want me to give you your medical before the group enters?"
Calmed down presently, Erin stated. "No, they can come in."
The group came in to find not one gorgeous woman, but two nude and ready to be probed.
The doctor started out with the easy areas to be checked, Erin's ears, eyes, and throat. He had her sit on the exam table and check her reflexes that was the first glimpse the men received of her flower of life.
From there the breast exam, that is where the group of engineers became interested, as the doctor rubbed each breast in a circle and then squeezed the nipple. They asked about the pressure to put on the breast and the doctor showed them.
One of the men asked. Will we be able to examine the breast with you witnessing, so we can figure what type of pressure is required?"
"Do you mind Erin?" The doctor asked.
"No, it will be fine." Said Erin.
The young engineer came forward and mimicked the doctor's actions as he stated. "How does that feel Erin I am not hurting you in any way?"
"No, you are doing fine." Erin stated she became aroused noted by her nipples. They became ridgid.
Meanwhile Carl loved to watch his wife as she had her breast massage'. He could see she has become excited. The men close to her could smell her arousal, she could also and this embarrassed her to think she is turned on by this exam.
Everyone in the group took a turn to massage Erin's beasts for the next half hour. When all were complete the doctor asked Erin. "Could you slide down for your pap smear and internal and then we will have Wanda take over for you." The doctor stated as he donned a pair of exam gloves.
Erin slid down but kept her knees together with as much modestly as she could when you consider her situation. She looked over at all the men that stared at her most intimate area as they waited for her intimate reveal. "They all work with me and now they know exactly what I look like nude. When they see me in the office will they think of me nude? I don't know if I can show my face anymore in the office she lamented. Will they tell the other workers what I look like? Will they think I am ugly down there?" The poor woman thought as the doctor tapped the inside of her thighs to signify that she needs to open her knees for this part of the exam that humiliates most women and she will do this in the presence of many coworkers, her husband, a lawyer and her boss.
It took a minute or two for Erin to gather the courage to open her legs for the doctor to continue. The doctor waited patiently for her to open her legs. The group of her co-workers waited with bated breath for the big reveal.
Her husband could see Erin was humiliated to have to expose her intimate area to all present and he wonders if his obsession with is wife's exposure to others is worth it, as he sees how unhappy his wife has been all week because she needs to do this. They will need to have a conversation before too long on their path forward. Hopefully it is just the medical setting that makes her unhappy or she just needs to get used to the exposure and overcome her anger.
Erin opened her legs about a foot, the doctor put his hand on each knee and guided her so that her legs were as wide as they would go without any pain.
The doctor then started his monolog directed at Erin, but he talked loud enough for all in the room to hear. "I am going to do a bimanual exam on you first." He said as he inserted a finger in Erin's vagina and pushed down on her stomach to feel her ovaries.
Eran watched all the men's faces and eyes. They all had their eyes on her exposed sex, she could see they wanted to memorize each minute detail of her pussy, maybe to jerk off to later. She couldn't help it when her alter ego came out to join her, she giggled.
Surprised by the outburst the doctor asked. "What is so funny?"
"All the men here are mesmerized by my pussy. I don't think they have seen one before?" She giggled, pointed in the group's direction, and continued. "And the guys I can see are pitching tents in their pants. I think they love me!" She laughed uncontrollably.
All the men in the room with red faces turned out of sight of Erin and adjusted their manhood to a more comfortable position.
"I am here with my pussy on display and with a man's finger in my pussy that I just met, but all the men here are embarrassed. Can you beat that." Erin laughed her green eyes flashed dark as she brought more embarrassment to the group with her words. This made the exposed woman feel better presently.
The doctor lost his train of thought with Erin's verbal outburst and tried to take command of the situation said. "Are there any questions so far?"
No-one dared to say anything.
"Okay Erin we will do the speculum exam next with pap smear." He inserted the speculum and check her vagina, after a few minutes he stated. "Everything looks fine, Erin."
"I guess nothing has changed in a month then when I had my last internal." Erin growled with her angry eyes as she looked at all there as she mistakenly perceived they took delight in her exposure.
The doctor retrieved the swab for the smear and stated as he inserted it into her vagina. "You're going to feel a little prick now."
"Oh!" Erin emitted when the doctor did the smear and then continued. "I can see a bunch of little pricks watching me. From the look at the front of your pants you're enjoying my discomfort also." She spat out.
"We will do a rectal exam on you and we will be done. Get off the exam table and stand in front legs spread." The doctor stated as he can't wait for Erin's exam to be over. He used the glove finger to feel around her Hersey highway, her last humiliation of the day.
The doctor removed the gloves and told Erin. "You can get dressed now. Everything is fine medically with you."
Erin turned and looked at her husband, who had a sad look on his face and her boss Eric who had a disappointed look on his face. Her alter ego surfaced and said. "You really fucked up big time." Erin said to the doctor. "No, I will stay nude. I feel better now, and Wanda stripped nude because she could see I was upset, so I will return the favor. Erin also hoped she could make amends with her boss. She sat in the empty seat by her husband who reached for her hand, and she watched what will transpire, concerned she ruined her changes to stay at SAI.
Wanda went to the platform and all the SAI technicians and engineers gathered around her. They started to feel her breasts and asked if they hurt her with the pressure they exerted on them and they used a meter to check the maximum pressure before she felt pain.
The group decided before they went any further, they would measure the woman thoroughly and then take pressure measurements. They started with her arm measurements and her height. Next they took the measurement of her legs from her foot as she stood to her crotch. The young man in charge of documentation of the measurements had the back of his hand into her intimate area. When he finished the measurements, you could see Wanda's wetness on the back of his hand.
From there her neck, breast, waist, and hip measurements were taken and documented. Throughout the procedure different people were called on to take measurements for their specialties, so almost all the men in attendance touched intimate parts of Wanda's body in the name of science. This held true throughout the time Wanda was used as a model for SAI.
From there in became more personal, they had her lay on the exam table and put her feet in the stirrups. Thus, it exposed the woman to all in attendance. Erin has never seen a GYN exam before and was shocked how exposed Wanda was and she didn't look embarrassed at all. It also occurred to her that she was totally exposed in this fashion to all the men there before Wanda.
SAI personnel took measurements of her thighs, the length of her slit and then the depth. The technicians had a special instrument to dilate her vaginal opening until Wanda felt pressure. It also measured the depth of her vagina.
The aforementioned measurements took over an hour as Wanda was prodded and probed by SAI technicians.
They brought out an instrument that looked Like a dildo on a cord and told Wanda they wanted to video the interior of her vagina, while she was in the vaginal exam position. Erin was surprised that the younger woman did not look embarrassed or humiliated by all the prodding that was done to her with so many men who observed.
The Technicians finally stated they were done for today with the medical model.
Eric arose from his seat for the first time he addressed all there. "Thank you, Wanda for your help and for our own Erin who let us observe her exam, we could see it was exceedingly difficult for her and we are sorry if we caused her any embarrassment. Does anyone else have anything to add?"
One of the Engineers stood up and stated. "We took all the measurement of the medical model, but I would like to know from the doctor if all women have the body characteristics as Wanda has.
The doctor stood up and stated. "No, women as men come in all different sizes. For instance, Erin has a long vaginal slit where Wanda is more compact. So, you should probable check at least a few women to take an average and calculate the gathered information into your program."
"Thank you, Doctor does anyone else have any questions?"
Before she could stop herself, Erin raised her hand. "I am here and naked. Do you want to take my measurements as a comparison?" She stated sorry for her anger and to try to get into Eric's good graces again.
"That would be very helpful if you are comfortable to do this for us." Eric stated ecstatic that Erin volunteered, but he continued. "I think we have taken enough of the medical staff's time today. As you know it is supposed to be their day off."
All rights reserved 2020