Looking over the parlor one last time making sure everything was perfect. It's not often we host dinner parties, of such indulgence after all. The flowers a perfect touch, I think to myself. A chaise lounge in the middle of an otherwise empty room; aside from cushions of all shapes and sizes on the cold bare hardwood floor.
Feeling your hands at my waist pulling me tight to your chest, brushing my hair from my neck, kissing my softly there.
"What do you think? I think maybe more candles? It's so dark, I thought the flowers might brighten it up, but nope looks like an empty parlor still."
Feeling your teeth start to graze my neck.
"No one will be looking at the walls or the floors, I promise. Everything is all set in the kitchen. Chef has fixed everything you requested. And then some."
"What about the wine is it set out, and did you check..."
Spinning me so quickly to face you I almost lose my footing. Pressing your lips against mine, stifling any protest my body may have had. Closing my eyes and wrapping my arms around your waist, losing myself for a brief moment, letting out a soft moan as your tongue enters my mouth and just as quickly leaves it.
"Good, now that I have your attention, Stop! Everything is perfect, everything will be perfect as it always is. Go upstairs and get ready, there is a surprise waiting for you."
"But..."
"No buts... Now go"
Climbing the red velvet stair case, reaching the landing remembering I forgot to tell the butler where to take our guests when they arrive. Turning around and taking one step down when I notice you standing there at the bottom of the stairs arms held out wide holding banister and rail.
"Did I not tell you to go upstairs and get ready?"
"Yes my Love, but..."
"NO buts. Am I not the man of this house anymore? Now go, get ready this instant. I demand it."
Sighing very loudly as I head back up the stairs, hearing you snicker behind me. "Oh that man infuriates me sometimes, I just know that butler is going... Oh my. Oh, my love." muttering under my breath as I walk into the bedroom I notice the flickering of tapered candles lit in every corner of the bathroom.
Walking in to investigate more, I notice a bath filled and steamy,rose petals floating in the water. A bottle of wine and a single glass. On top of my soft terry robe I notice a note, reading...
"I love you, stop worrying I will handle everything from here on out. Now take a bath; enjoy yourself, but not too much. Xoxo - Master."
Slipping into the steamy tub, letting the water settle, closing my eyes and imagining tonight. My thighs instantly closing tight around two fingers petting softly, feeling the slickness of my wetness even in the water at the thought of being at your unforgiving hand. Rolling my hips slightly, getting carried away in my waking dream of the party; hearing your voice repeating, "Not too much."
Pulling my fingers away very slowly resigning my attention from dreaming to indulge in a bit of wine, looking at the label. Pulling it to my chest, saying thanks in a whisper.
"Oh I must be in for something really special tonight, 15 year old merlot only says one thing; I'm going to take my time with you."
After finishing most of the wine, I notice the time. With a quick jump out of the tub, I throw the robe on, sitting down to make myself presentable.
An extra spritz to my wrist and done. Looking over my long curly locks in the mirror, taking one final look as I rub my hands down my hair smoothing it out.
Walking to the bedroom to get dressed, I notice a box that wasn't there before sitting on the bed. I pull the note from its envelope and read it.
"I hope you don't mind but I took the pleasure of choosing your wardrobe for tonight."
Pulling the top off the small box I peer inside and notice a single item. A black mask, beautiful I think to myself. Picking it up I notice another note.
"Beautiful and exquisite just like my slut. - Master."
Feeling my pussy suddenly become uncomfortably wet, my nipples suddenly hurting against the inside of my robe, as I read all I need to know.
Tonight I belong to him, tonight I am his slut, thinking to myself as I unconsciously press two fingers against my incredible wetness.
Standing at the top of stairs, I take a long hard breath. Holding it in tight for a moment as I let my hands brush over my naked form. Looking down inspecting myself, feeling incredibly powerful in my meager dress. A simple black garter around my thigh, with a petite bow; "He'll love that I added something of myself to his outfit," thinking to myself smiling from ear to ear, as I think of your face.
Looking down at my black stilettos as I tread carefully down the carpeted staircase. Nearing the bottom I hear a gasp, suddenly becoming aware of myself more, I look towards the sound, seeing your glowing face; feeling suddenly flushed at the sight of you, holding a hand to your lips and one outstretched to take mine.
"You look beyond beautiful my love; simply breathtaking this evening."
"Well if I may say, you my darling are looking especially dapper tonight!"
Almost blushing myself as I notice your smile glowing in my direction.
Eyeing you in your crisp black suit, a red bow-tie nestled perfectly centered on your neck, and a mask matching my very own. Feeling my breasts harden at the mere sight of you.
"Now don't you get too excited yet my pretty slut," You say, grazing a finger over my hard nipple. Taking my mouth to yours with a gentle pull on my neck. Feeling more naked than ever as I feel myself getting moist, quickly losing myself in your mouth.
Snapped back into reality as you peel your mouth from mine sighing softly as you do. "We really mustn't leave our guests waiting." Leading me towards the dining room.
Noticing all eyes turning towards us as we step through the doors, your hand only squeezing mine tighter.
Taking shallow breaths, becoming fully aware of my body and it's defiance as I look onto twenty masked guests. Gents all dressed the same aside from their chosen masks, their lovely ladies in beautiful gowns; some sequined, some simple velvet, all with masks equal to their partners. All staring at us, at me. My body defying me more, your words a blur of noise as I become increasingly wet, thankful for your guiding hand as you sit me down in my seat next to yours at the head of our massive table.
Course after course of tasteful dishes being served, scantly picking at my own as I rub my hand on your thigh, never letting go of you for a second; until a clank against a glass and your rising, letting my hands fall to my lap. Looking up at you, catching the twinkle in your eye as you look down upon me, smiling briefly; before turning your attention to our guests.
"My lovely Slut and I would like to thank each and every one of you personally for coming this evening.
It isn't often that we gather together for our masquerades, and only the finest indulgences will do for such special occasions. If you would please, grab your glasses and join us in the parlor."
Hearing murmurs of delight among our guests lips as you take my hand leading me out of the room and around the corner; taking my waist and asking...
"Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Yes my love, I trust you with my life and body, I know you would never truly hurt me. Let's give them a show they will never forget."
"Alright if it's to much don't hesitate to cry out our secret..."
"My love our guests are waiting, and I need you soon or I will take you here and now, depriving our guests of the promised showing."
Kissing me hard squeezing my body tightly against you. Taking my ass in your hands and stroking it gently. Whispering, "I love you," in my ear before leading me to the parlor doors. Hesitating briefly as we look each other in the eyes quickly smiling before opening the double doors and entering the room.
Leading me to the chaise and sprawling me out for all to see, feeling the skin of my flesh start to heat and my body defying myself more as all attention is on us. Your voice commanding attention as you begin to speak;
"Thank you all for joining us as we present an anguisette's tale."
Walking over to the book shelf, standing there briefly choosing your first instrument; a favorite of mine, a long thin handled whip, with a flat leather loop at the end.
Walking back over to me running the handle down my cheek, down my neck, between my breasts, down my belly stopping short of my wet pussy.
"Look it how wet my lovely slut is already," you say; separating my thighs, obediently opening them wide at the touch of the whip sliding over my inner thigh. "The sign of a true anguisette, look it how her body defies her already." Tapping the head of the whip at my dripping wet pussy.
Looking into your eyes as you smack the whip hard once on the inside of thigh, feeling it reverberate through my other leg. "Yes, that's a good slut show them all how much you enjoy you master's whip." running your whip over my pussy in agonizing slow strokes. Slapping my slit, hard once. Before petting me softly. Cracking the whip harder at my clit rising to meet its head. Over and over before slipping it inside drawing out my wetness for out guests to see.
"I don't think you are enjoying your master, my beautiful anguisette. I don't think you feel enough pain yet to truly enjoy your master."
Walking back to the shelf and grabbing two more instruments for my pleasure. Noticing the guests shuffling, and drinking; all appear content to be enjoying our performance. Taking my breasts to your hand pinching my nipples tight, teasing them to an aching hardness as you connect one to the other with a gold clipped chain attached to each of my nipples. The sudden clamping down causing me to become very wet. Letting out a loud moan as you begin to tug on my chain.
"Moan for me Slut, don't hold back, I command it."
"Yes, Master." Those two simple words igniting a smile as you tug harder at my chain, stretching my nipples to their limit, before releasing my chain. Running the broad flat paddle, against the milky skin of my thigh before slapping it hard.
"On your knees Slut, spread you thighs wide so that you are not disappointing our guests. Show them how your master's paddle excites you."
Moving quickly to my knees I grab the side of the chaise lounge and spread my thighs wide apart, thrusting my ass high into the air. The wetness of my pussy wildly apparent as I hear whispers and awes coming from our guests; as the first strike come crashing down onto my ass.
The sudden blinding pain of your repeated cracks against my flesh rocking my body to its core.
"Our guests can't hear you my slut, I will have to teach you to scream."
Crack! The hard wood crashing against me, enticing screams of pleasure to come pouring from my lips. Crack, crack, one after the other; each harder than the ones before. My cries becoming quicker as I feel my wetness beginning to drip down my thigh.
"Yes, that's it my slut, now I'm starting to believe you love your master." Running a single finger up up the inside of my thigh, gathering my wetness. "Would you like to taste my slut, honored guests?"
A few eager responses then my master's commanding voice, "She is my Slut; I will do with her treasured waters as I wish. Taste yourself my beautiful anguisette, taste what my paddle has caused you to spill out." Slipping your wet finger into my mouth, closing my eyes and sucking eagerly at my master's finger, moaning as I clean myself from your finger. Red washing over my vision as you land a bruising crack against my ass, a loud shriek and moan quickly escaping my lips; followed by your fingers spreading my pussy lips, showing my juices dripping defiantly from me.
"See how my slut defies herself, see how this anguisette enjoys her pain?"
A resounding yes coming from our guests lips. "I want you to cum for your master before I take what is only mine, before I take your slut mouth, I want to see it beg me."
Pulling hard on my breast chain you pull my grip from the chaise and set me on my knees fully erect. With my legs still spread wide apart, you take both whips to me; the thin leather to my clit tapping it rapidly drawing panting moans from my lips, as the paddle assaults my ass and shaking thighs at the same time. Crying out to my master loudly, repeatedly begging for my swift release.
"That's it Slut, yes cum for all your guests to see, cum so that your master can show you the meaning of pain."
Crying out loudly as I grind my hips against your whip. Crying out as my river spills onto the crushed velvet chaise; hearing moans from our guests as a few find their own climax.
Rubbing my ass softly, as my river subsides, you take a handful of my hair pulling my quickly to my back putting my legs over the side leaving my thighs spread wide still. Pulling me by my hair until my head hangs off the side of the chaise.
"Feel free to indulge yourselves, honored guests; I will take my Slut and show this anguisette the meaning of pain. I want to hear my slut cry out for me alone.
Do you hear that my loving slut? I want you to scream?" You say walking back to the shelf to find your final instrument a short black handled whip with dozens of individual leather straps, each carefully knotted at the end.
Kneeling before my face you unzip your pants and take out your magnificent cock almost causing me to cry out then, as you slap my breasts individually with your weapon. Stroking yourself gently staring down at me with a look of awe, as I lick my lips readying my mouth for your cock.
Opening my mouth welcoming you in as you take my neck with both hands, sliding yourself deep inside. Quickly finding a hard deep rythym, feeling my throat like you've never felt it before. Moaning loudly as you crack the whip against my swollen pussy, devouring my master's cock. Pleasing him as I begin to hear moaning from our honored guests.
Their excitement causing you to become wild, driving me crazy as you erratically drive the wet straps of the knotted whip against my skin. Leaving not a single inch of my body untouched. Thrusting hard and deeply into my throat, forcing me to grip your thighs.
Gagging on your cock as I scream out between tightly pressed lips, you lean forward, making quicker shallower thrusts, fingering my clit, soaking your fingers in my river. Returning to slapping the whip against my still clamped and swollen nipples , I push your cock out; screaming out one word repeatedly, "Master." You smack my swollen bruised pussy hard once, running its straps gently over it as my river breaks wide open. At the same time feeling your hot cum splashing over my breasts and face.
"Enjoy your reward anguisette you've earned it." Laying my shaking body on to the chaise fully, "Thank you all for coming this evening, I do hope you enjoyed our tale of an anguisette's love for her master. There are refreshments and hors d'oeuvres in the lounge. Stay as long as you care to, now I must attend to my beautiful slut."
A standing ovation, as gratitude begins to pour out of our masked guest's lips, as they begin to retreat to the lounge. Leaving you and I finally alone. Sitting down on the soaked chaise next to me, stroking my cheek softly, looking at me with tears glistening in your eyes.
"You didn't have to take it that far, look at what I've done to you." You say with a shattered voice, unclamping my bruised nipples. Running your hands softly over my bleeding chest, unable to look at me.
"I Love you, I've loved you more than anyone my whole life. I trust implicitly don't cry over a few scrapes and a bit of torn flesh. I promise you didn't hurt me at all, and these wounds will heal. But my heart won't if you do not kiss me soon."
Tenderly scooping up my bruised and still shaking body into your embrace, carefully setting me on your lap, holding me so close I can feel your pounding chest with my own; finally setting me free. Tears streaming uncontrollably as you remove my mask, pressing your lips against mine.
After a long loving kiss you pick up my bruised body and head upstairs.
Stroking my fingers through your hair as you kiss me taking the stairs one at a time. Carrying me into the bathroom, where there is a cool bath drawn, waiting for us.
Setting me gently into the tub not letting me go until my butt was planted, soaking your fine suit's arms. Removing your jacket, tie and shirt. Washing my body ever so carefully, washing away our performance. Putting a soaked arm on your pants leg dripping a handful of water purposefully in your lap.
"I guess you are going to have to take your pants off and join me in to tub, I need you my Love. Now!"
"Well who am I to deny the request of my greatest love?"
Xoxo
Dham