He was deep in the stacks tracking down a book for his term paper in Nineteenth Century Novels when he heard the soft sigh.
Or was it a soft moan?
He kept searching down the aisle for the call number. Then he heard it again, as his eyes found the right number. He pulled the monograph on nineteenth century erotic photography in London off the shelf. He leafed through it and felt his cock stirring in his pants. He wondered how his professor would react to a paper by a guy on the rise or erotic photography and literature. He liked to think of himself as a feminist, but it was touchy subject. He put the book in into his shoulder bag and continued on.
Then he heard it again. Definitely a moan. Stifled. But a moan.
At the end of the aisle, a row of carrels stretched along the wall. Down at the end he heard it again.
He turned that way, stepping quietly now, still scanning the ends of aisles for the call number range for the next book he was searching for, a comparative study of erotic literature in Europe. When he came to the right aisle, he heard a deep sigh.
He kept going, still scanning the aisles of empty stacks.
Then he saw a slight movement in the dim aura cast by the reading light in the last carrel against the wall.
He stopped and watched. A blond head leaned back slightly in the chair. He heard another moan, this one lower and longer.
He quickly turned down the nearest aisle to move out of sight. At the end of the aisle he stealthily moved to the last row and peeked around the corner.
The woman's figure was backlight be the carrel light. But he could tell instantly even with her back to him. It was his English professor. She had a book in her left hand. She was slouched down in the chair leaning back. He couldn't tell where her right hand was but he could see her arm was in steady slow motion.
Then she let out another soft moan.
He moved closer. Just that morning she had been lecturing about the rise and fall of genres across Europe. At the end of the class, she always said something to leave them hanging. And this morning, she had said they would briefly survey the rise of erotic genres next week. Was this her prep?
He moved slowly closer, staying in the shadows of the dark aisle of books.
She raised her right hand to turn the page. And when she lowered it, he could see it went right between her legs. Then she rocked ever so slightly in the wooden chair.
As he moved closer, he worried less about her noticing. She seemed to be in a reader's trance. Her short skirt, which had distracted him in class, was pushed up even higher on her thighs as her hand moved between her legs. Her gaze was riveted on the page.
He felt his cock hardening in his pants. Then he saw the cover of the book, 'Fanny Hill: Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure.'
The movement of her hand between her legs was quickening, as she grunted under her breath.
His right hand grazed his hard cock lengthening in the leg of his tight jeans. He leaned back against the book shelf and watched.
Her right hand came out from between her legs. Before turning the page this time, she put her fingers in her mouth, sucked them for a moment, and moaned softly. Then back between her legs they went, glistening with moisture. Her pace slowed. As did her breathing. He watched as her breasts heaved. She stopped for a moment and sighed, but kept her hand between her legs. Soon she was moving quickly again. This time a barely stifled moan escaped from her lips.
He unzipped his pants and felt for his hard-on as he backed a little farther into the shadows. He pulled it free, raised his hands to his own lips, moistening his fingers with saliva, and then began slowly circling the head of his cock. As her pace quickened, he began stroking the length of his cock, now slick with precum.
When she raised her hand to turn the page again, he took the opportunity to lubricate his hand with more spit. When she resumed rubbing herself, he did, too, imagining his dick sliding between her wet pussy lips, as her creamy thighs squeezed him, and her black boots wrapped around his back. He imagined squeezing her breasts in the semi-sheer black blouse, and then pulling it back and freeing her hard nipples from the black bra underneath.
He let out a moan.
She froze, and turned quickly, while keeping the book up in her left hand, and slowly removing her right hand from between her legs.
He froze.
She didn't say a word. She looked straight in his eyes, then down at his cock, glistening in the dim light down the aisle, and then back in his eyes. She looked quickly down the row of carrels, then back to him.
She turned slowly in the wooden chair, keeping her eyes on his. Then she lowered her hand between her legs again and raised her skirt. In the light of the carrel he could see her panties pushed to the side as she opened her pussy lips to his gaze and slowly began rubbing herself again. Her eyes rolled languidly, and her lips opened as a soft moan came from between them.
"Come read this," she said quietly, turning the book toward him.
He moved toward her and began stroking his cock again.
When he got close enough to discern the words on the page, she said, "Read it out loud."
He read: "And now, glancing my eyes towards that part of his dress which cover'd the essential object of enjoyment, I plainly discover'd the swell and commotion there; and as I was now too far advanc'd to stop in so fair a way, and was indeed no longer able to contain myself, or wait the slower progress of his maiden bashfulness (for such it seem'd, and really was), I stole my hand upon his thighs, down one of which I could both see and feel a stiff hard body, confin'd by his breeches, that my fingers could discover no end to. Curious then, and eager to unfold so alarming a mystery, playing, as it were, with his buttons, which were bursting ripe from the active force within, those of his waist-band and fore-flap flew open at a touch, when out it started; and now, disengag'd from the shirt, I saw, with wonder and surprise, what? not the play-thing of a boy, not the weapon of a man, but a maypole of so enormous a standard, that had proportions been observ'd, it must have belong'd to a young giant."
He felt his balls tightening and his pace quickened. "Keep reading," she said, as her fingers probed her pussy.
"Its prodigious size made me shrink again; yet I could not, without pleasure, behold, and even ventur'd to feel, such a length, such a breadth of animated ivory! perfectly well turn'd and fashion'd, the proud stiffness of which distended its skin, whose smooth polish and velvet softness might vie with that of the most delicate of our sex, and whose exquisite whiteness was not a little set off by a sprout of black curling hair round the root, through the jetty sprigs of which the fair skin shew'd as in a fine evening you may have remark'd the clear light ether through the branchwork of distant trees over-topping the summit of a hill: then the broad and blueish-casted incarnate of the head, and blue serpentines of its veins, altogether compos'd the most striking assemblage of figure and colours in nature. In short, it stood an object of terror and delight."
She moaned, her hand moving quickly over her clitoris.
He paused to lubricate his hand with spit again and then resumed stroking himself and reading. By now he was leaning over her.
"But what was yet more surprising, the owner of this natural curiosity, through the want of occasions in the strictness of his home-breeding, and the little time he had been in town not having afforded him one, was hitherto an absolute stranger, in practice at least, to the use of all that manhood he was so nobly stock'd with; and it now fell to my lot to stand his first trial of it, if I could resolve to run the risks of its disproportion to that tender part of me, which such an oversiz'd machine was very fit to lay in ruins."
She slid lower in the chair. Her ass was now half over the edge. She draped a leg over one arm, and angled her pussy up toward him as she continued rubbing it and opening it to him. "Read," she said.
"But it was now of the latest to deliberate; for, by this time, the young fellow, overheated with the present objects, and too high mettled to be longer curb'd in by that modesty and awe which had hitherto restrain'd him, ventur'd, under the stronger impulse and instructive promptership of nature alone, to slip his hands, trembling with eager impetuous desires, under my petticoats; and seeing, I suppose, nothing extremely severe in my looks to stop or dash him, he feels out, and seizes, gently, the center-spot of his ardours. Oh then! the fiery touch of his fingers determines me, and my fears melting away before the glowing intolerable heat, my thighs disclose of themselves, and yield all liberty to his hand: and now, a favourable movement giving my petticoats a toss, the avenue lay too fair, too open to be miss'd."
His own knees felt weak, and he knelt between her legs and continued reading and stroking his cock. Now their hands were just inches apart, both of them moving in a common rhythm and counterpoint, though not touching.
"He is now upon me: I had placed myself with a jet under him, as commodious and open as possible to his attempts, which were untoward enough, for his machine, meeting with no inlet, bore and batter'd stiffly against me in random pushes, now above, now below, now beside his point; till, burning with impatience from its irritating touches, I guided gently, with my hand, this furious engine to where my young novice was now to be taught his first lesson of pleasure. Thus he nick'd, at length, the warm and insufficient orifice; but he was made to find no breach impracticable, and mine, tho' so often enter'd, was still far from wide enough to take him easily in."
As he read, her pubic hair and wet lips grazed the sensitive tip of his cock, and he gasped. She moved her hand from her pussy to his rod and began using him to rub her clitoris. "Read," she panted.
"By my direction, however, the head of his unwieldy machine was so critically pointed that, feeling him foreright against the tender opening, a favourable motion from me met his timely thrust, by which the lips of it, strenuously dilated, gave way to his thus assisted impetuosity, so that we might both feel that he had gain'd a lodgement."
As he finished the sentence, she guided his cock into her.
"Fuck me," she whispered hoarsely in his ear.
He dropped the book and plunged into her.
"It's too big," she said as her hands pulled his hips hard against her.
His thumb found her clitoris and flicked it lightly as he moved in and out of her. With his other hand he held her head and kissed her.
A chime sounded as she suddenly came shuddering and groaning loudly.
"The library closes in 5 minutes. The circulation desk is now closed," a voice said over speakers in the stacks, as he deposited his own load deep inside her.
They held each other tightly for a moment.
"I guess I'll have to come back tomorrow night to finish this reading," she said, as she slid back in the chair withdrawing from his cock. She stood, straightened her skirt, and walked away down the dark aisle of books, slipping John Cleland's novel back on the shelf before glancing back at him with a smile.