ONE - Carol
***
This story is not only a description of a threesome. It's intended to explain why Carol wanted a threesome, how this desire was created when she was no more than eighteen, and how every kink aspect of it emerged. It's a deep dive into a sex fantasy that is also a life's dream.
Carol will tell us about good and bad relationships she had and how those affected her. Also, how she got into some sexual practices, like anal, and explain to us how she caressed that dream of having sex with two men for more than a decade before seriously thinking about realizing it.
***
Hi, my name is Carol. I am a math teacher in a public school and in a private school. Life has been pretty hectic since I graduated. Basically, I have been working full time, including several weekends since I got my degree. But I only became aware of how much I had neglected the other aspects of my life when I realized I was about to turn thirty. That epiphany happened as I was driving to my apartment after spending the day teaching. Tired, I turned on the car radio to chase away the sleep and a song called "Not Enough Time" by INXS began. Introducing the song, the announcer said something like "and now let's enjoy this hit that was released in 1992, almost thirty years ago. Yes, time goes by, people!
"Gee", I thought. "I am from 1992. I will be thirty this year...".
And the title of the song kept coming back to me, "Not enough time, not enough time". Maybe something else in the lyrics influenced me, but at that moment I didn't realize it. I just thought that time was passing and there would be no time to do everything I wanted to do.
From then on I spent a lot of time reflecting on how different life had been from what I had imagined it would be. At twenty, I thought that at thirty I would have my life all figured out. I imagined myself married and with a good job. At almost thirty, I was single and needed two jobs to make ends meet. I used to think that I would have a social life and travel the world. Not at all. After college it had been all about work. I was left with a feeling of disappointment with myself.
This feeling stayed with me for several days, until I began to remember what I had planned at twenty to accomplish at thirty, and what I still had time to do by my birthday.
"Not much. It is unlikely that I will find the love of my life in the next two months and get married in a hurry. I also can't have children by then. Change jobs? In the middle of the year? Unlikely. But it does not hurt to update Linkedin, right? Travel? I really need to start saving money. Finally get that dream trip to South America off the drawing board. Read the classics? Well, I can start that.
The next day I went to a bookstore downtown, near the courthouse, and immediately bought several classics.
"Let's see: The Posthumous Memoirs of Brás Cubas, One Hundred Years of Solitude, Moby Dick, Crime and Punishment, Dracula and Don Quixote. I think I have enough.
I took all these books and brought them home to start reading before going to bed.
But I still thought it was not enough.
At that time I didn't have a boyfriend, but I had a hookup. A guy named Joshua, who lived in my building. We got along well. I liked him a lot, but we knew that we wouldn't be a couple in the usual meaning of the term. We wouldn't be boyfriend and girlfriend. He was in love with his ex-girlfriend. Incredibly, our "relationship" worked well. We usually talked a lot, then had sex, then smoked pot and talked some more. What I had with Joshua was better than many relationships, but it didn't fulfill me.
It was during one of these post-fucking conversations that I told him about the emptiness I felt.
"Carol, besides buying a bunch of books that you certainly won't be able to read by your birthday, isn't there anything else you really want to do? Be honest. Is there a change of direction you want to take? Be honest with yourself and I will be there for you, whatever you need."
"Be honest." This phrase stuck in my mind. The more I thought about it, about being sincere, about recognizing my hidden desires, the more an image came to my mind. There was, indeed, something I wished I had done that I really could do before my birthday.
It was something that I had been thinking about for a long time, since my late teens. But I can't just tell you what it is. I have to show you. Because otherwise you won't understand how important it really is to me. How it is something that has been growing inside me for so many years. It is not something that I just want: it is truly a dream.
It all started when my best friend from that time, Maggie, invited me to study at her house. I was a great math student and she said she would need help with logarithms.
However, when I arrived at her house, I noticed something odd. Maggie had invited her boyfriend, Peter, and a friend of his, Dan, to study with us.
"Studying with a boyfriend doesn't work," I thought. But Maggie didn't want to study.
As soon as we touched the textbooks, she grabbed Peter and kissed him. They started making out in the bedroom, with Dan and me watching. Then she said:
"Carol, you should kiss Dan. He is crazy about you."
It was a trap!
Maggie knew that I was crazy about another boy, but he didn't give me any credit. So she wanted to set me up with Dan.
"No! I'm leaving!"
"No, stay! You can't leave now. If my mother comes home and you're not here she'll kill me. She'll think I just came to make out with Peter."
"But that's all you came for!"
"Never mind!" - she laughed - "you must do this for me. You can't leave. You can't even leave the room. If my mother arrives, you have to be here!"
She was my best friend. I couldn't leave anyway. But I wasn't going to stay with Dan just because she had arranged it.
"Okay, but I'm not making out with anyone."
"Okay!"
But Maggie was full of hormones that day. She stood up and leaned against the wall, clinging to Peter. They kissed as if there was no one else in the room. I was embarrassed, but Dan looked on with interest.
Maggie gasped and rubbed her hips against Peter's.
"Guys, we're here! There are more people here!" I warned.
I wasn't a prude by any means, but that seemed a bit much. Little did I know what was coming.
"Peter, she thinks it's too much. What do you think?"
"I think it's too little!"
"Me too!"
Maggie smiled mischievously and unzipped Peter. She pulled his hard cock out and began jerking him off while kissing him. I blushed. Dan was looking closely.
"Maggie! Are you crazy?" I said.
She just laughed as Peter slipped his hand under her skirt.
They were both moaning and masturbating right there in front of us. Dan couldn't disguise that he had a hard-on. He made mention of coming closer to me, but I said no. Maggie then pulled Peter onto the bed and put his hand up to her. No way was I going to have sex with him just because Maggie was fucking her boyfriend over there.
Maggie then pulled Peter onto the bed and pulled down her panties.
"Watch the door, Carol! If you hear any noise let me know!" she said, laughing.
She spread her legs on the bed and called Peter to come over. Peter, of course, seeing her wide open pussy in front of him, didn't even think about it. He pulled down his pants and revealed his hard red cock to us. With the haste of a young man, without much ado, he pulled a condom from his wallet, put it on, and started to penetrate Maggie's hairy pussy.
I'm not going to lie: watching Peter pounding Maggie like that had already made me soaked, but I didn't want to show it. I didn't want to show that I was getting aroused there.
Dan, on the other hand, pulled his cock out of his pants and slowly masturbated.
Peter was thrusting into Maggie and she was moaning with each thrust.
It was then that Dan complained.
"Gee, Maggie, that's really fucked up. You call me here to make out with Carol and now I'm stuck here watching you fuck."
Peter then turned to Maggie:
"Give him a hand, since your friend doesn't want to help"
She looked at him, looked at Dan, and made a naughty face.
"Come here, Dan!"
I didn't believe it!
"Just a little help, because you're mine" Peter warned.
Maggie then pulled Dan closer and took hold of his cock. She moved her hand up and down while Peter thrust fiercely into her pussy. Soon Maggie had Dan's cock in her mouth and was giving him a blow job.
I was dripping wet. I still couldn't believe it.
Peter increased the pace of his thrusts into Maggie's pussy. He was certainly horny as well. She jerked and sucked Dan, who held her by the head. Maggie's moans were muffled by Dan's cock.
Maggie went crazy. She moaned and moved her hips frantically. She looked like she was going to come, but I wasn't sure and she couldn't talk with that cock in her mouth. Soon Peter came. Next, it was Dan's turn.
I will never forget the scene of Peter pulling his cock out of Maggie's soaking wet pussy as she smiled with cum dripping from her mouth holding Dan's throbbing cock.
Everyone pulled themselves together and before long Maggie's mother arrived. She made us a snack. Then we each went home.
Of course, I had that scene in my mind for a long time.
In the following months I kept masturbating, reliving what I had seen. Except that in my imagination, I was Maggie. I had two cocks at my disposal. My mouth and pussy were filled with cum.
This fantasy haunted me until the middle of college. Even when I had sex with someone, I secretly imagined that there was someone else there with us and this made me explode with arousal.
Sometimes I would suck the guy and ask him to put his finger in my pussy and imagine that there was someone else fucking me.
My obsession was so intense that I bought two dildos, two rubber penises. Sometimes, alone in the room of the sorority where I lived, I would take them both and masturbate. One I would stick in my pussy and the other I would just hold and squeeze. From time to time I would suck one of them while I shoved the other one in me. How many times I came alone in my room, imagining being taken by two men?
In my fantasies, sometimes I dominated both men, sometimes I was dominated. The only thing in common was that I always had two cocks. One I would suck or masturbate, the other would fuck me.
So when I thought I needed to be honest with myself about what I wanted to do before I was thirty, the answer had to be: I wanted a threesome with two guys.
However, after that, I added a detail to my threesome fantasy. Something that I only experienced and learned to like well after the episode with Maggie, when I was halfway through college. In fact, it was this that made me forget a little about my obsession with two guys.
And I will tell you about this little kink of mine later.