Penny, Bernadette, and Amy were having a girl's night at Penny's apartment where the wine flowed freely. Of course, the subject eventually turned to the two competing websites.
"So, does Howard know about your website yet?" Penny asked.
"No! And I'd like to keep it that way," Bernadette snapped back.
"Sheldon would know if I had a pornographic website," Amy said to no one in particular.
"I guess Leonard's okay with the fact that you're a slut, huh?" Bernadette asked just before taking another sip of wine.
Penny waved a dismissive hand. "Oh hell, he knew that before we started dating." She paused. The fog of the wine cleared enough to realize Bernadette had called her a slut and that she should be offended. "Hey, wait a second..."
"Are you okay with the fact that Leonard is appearing in videos on both websites?" Amy asked.
Penny shrugged her shoulders. "Yeah, sure. Why not? I mean, I'm bangin' Bernadette's husband. What's fair is fair, right?"
"Yeah...well...I noticed he hasn't titty fucked you yet. Why is that?" Bernadette knew Penny was jealous of her tits.
"Yeah...well..." Penny smiled. "He's fucked me everywhere else. So has Howard. And Raj." She held back a laugh when she saw Bernadette's jaw clench. "Howard said my website looks totally professional."
"So, he's saying you're a professional?" Bernadette shot back.
Penny nodded confidently. "Oh yeah, that's right, baby." She paused. "Hey, wait..."
"I couldn't help but notice you can't come up with any original material. You copy everything I do."
"Copy? Hey, you didn't corner the market on blowing your dad! Or sex in public. I just do it better."
Bernadette was fuming. "Everybody knows my website is better! I've got way more clicks than you do!"
"Only because yours has been up longer than mine! You'll be eating my dust in no time."
Amy tried to lower the temperature of the room. "Now girls, they're both very fine pornographic websites where you have intercourse with anything that moves." Little did they know that Amy was a premium subscriber to both websites and was jealous of both.
"Oh please!" Bernadette huffed. "Mine is ten times better! Everybody knows that!"
"Ha! You wish."
"I have an idea," Amy interjected. "You can have a contest to see who's better."
"Ooooooo, a contest!" Bernadette was always up for a challenge, especially when it gave her a chance to beat Penny.
"What kind of contest?" Penny asked.
Amy tilted her head and scratched her chin in thought. "Oh! I know! The Pasadena street fair is next week. You both can set up kissing booths. The one who collects the most money wins!"
"I like it!" Bernadette knew most men liked big tits, and she was going to take full advantage of it. "And the loser has to go on the winner's website and congratulate them on winning. And perform a sex act of the winner's choosing!"
Penny knew most men liked slutty women. And she knew how to flaunt it. "Game on, bitch."
*****
Penny and Bernadette had booths set up at opposite ends of the street fair. Penny wore a plaid shirt, unbuttoned, and tied just below her breast. It showed plenty of cleavage and tit. For pants she went with a pair of skin-tight pink shorts that made the shorts Hooters waitresses wear look like leggings.
Bernadette went with a nearly transparent white t-shirt that was knotted just below her breast. It looked like it was about two sizes too small. It had "Bad Bernie" emblazoned across her chest. The lettering did nothing to hide her dark pink areolas and thick, erect nipples. Around her hips was wrapped a pair of short, torn jean shorts that would've made Daisy Duke look like she was over dressed.
Just before the street fair opened, Penny visited Bernadette's booth. "Cute little set up you got here."
"I just hope it's big enough to handle the buttload of cash I'm going to have," Bernadette smiled back. "I see you wore your redneck hooker clothes today."
"Yeah...well...this redneck is about to kick your Catholic ass."
"Bring it on, sister. May the best set of tits...Oh, I mean, best website win."
"Game on, bitch." Penny turned and strutted to her own booth where Leonard was waiting. "I'm gonna bury that big titted bitch," she hissed. "Help me with these t-shirts."
Leonard helped Penny load the shelf separating her from her fans with t-shirts that said "I Played In Penny's Playhouse" that she was going to sell for $25 a piece, on top of the $5 per kiss each girl had agreed to charge.
As soon as the fair opened, men lined up at each woman's booth. Every man got polite peck on the cheek and many were having their pictures taken with each girl. Many raced from one both to the other to get the same treatment.
Raj came running into Bernadette's tent and leaned into her. "You're not going to believe this but Penny is selling t-shirts!" he whispered in her ear.
Bernadette's head snapped around. "Are you fucking kidding me?!" Raj nodded his head. "That bitch! For how much?"
"$25 a piece."
"That bitch!" She thought for a moment, then turned to the crowd of men waiting for their kiss. "I'll be back in a second, guys!" She slipped behind her booth for only a minute, then came back. "I've got a special treat!" She held up a pair lacy, white thong underwear. "I just took these off! They'll go to the highest bidder! Who wants 'em?!"
Jaws dropped and the crowd gasped. "25!" broke the silence. "35!" "50!" "I'll give you $75!" Finally, "I'll give you $500!" There was an audible groan from the crowd.
"Anyone else?!" Bernadette asked with no response. "Okay, bub, come on up here!"
An older man, probably mid-50s was Raj's guess, made his way through the crowd with his buddy. "I...I can't believe I'm meeting you! I'm such a fan! A huge fan!"
Bernadette looked at him with a crooked grin. "How huge are you, buster?"
At first he was confused. "Huh?" Then it hit him. "Oh! Ha ha! Yeah, uh, well..." Bernadette held out the panties. "Oh! Hey...uh...do you think you could, you know, autograph them?"
"Absolutely! Hey, does anyone have a pen?!" Out of the crowd appeared a black Sharpie. "Perfect!" She looked at the man. "What' your name?"
"Oh! Uh, Sam."
"Sam!" She scrawled "Sam Got In My Pants -- Bad Bernie" and handed the garment to him.
Sam held it up. "Ohmagawd! That...that's awesome!" He looked at his buddy. "I'm framing this!" He looked down at Bernadette. "Thank you!"
"You're welcome, Sweetie."
"Hey, uh, you know, I, uh, um, do you think I can, you know, still get a kiss?"
"Oh! Absolutely!"
The man leaned in, expected the standard peck on the lips. Instead, Bernadette wrapped her arms around his neck, pulled him close, and gave him a long, passionate kiss.
"Fuck me," a man waiting in line muttered. "Lucky bastard."
Bernadette finally released Sam from her clutches. "Thank you, Bernie. Thank you. You're...you're the best!" Sam gushed.
"Thanks, Honey," she purred. She turned to Raj. "That should put me ahead of that bitch!" Then she whispered, "Damn! All of this kind of has my engine running!"
Not long after at Penny's tent, things were moving along. The shirts were selling well and the line was steady. A gentleman came to Penny for his peck on the lips when she noticed something unusual in his hand.
"Watcha got there, Sweetie," she asked in a sing song voice.
"Oh! I got this down at Bernie's booth! It was the underwear she was wearing. She signed it and everything!" It was Sam.
Penny's head exploded. "What?! Are you fucking kidding me? She gave you her underwear?"
Sam shook his head. "Oh no. She auctioned them off."
"She auc...how much? How did you pay for them?"
"Uh, $500."
"500 hundred doll...! Hang on, I'll be right back." She walked past Leonard with a scowl on her face. "That bitch," she growled. Soon, she reappeared. She showed Sam a red g-string. "500 bucks. I'll sell you mine for 500 bucks. Then you'll have both of ours."
"Oh my gosh! I...I wish I could. I gave all my money to Bernie!"
"Dammit," she hissed. Then, just as Bernadette had done, she held the lace in the air. "Who wants em?! My freshly soiled g-string! Who wants 'em?!" The scene at Bernadette's repeated itself. Only in this time, the highest bid was $475. After the winning bidder walked away with his cherished purchase, Penny turned to Leonard. "475? And hers went for 500? What the fuck?" Leonard simply shrugged his shoulders.
The crowds built at each tent with word that each starlet was auctioning off clothing. Word got back to Raj of Penny's sale and he informed Bernadette.
"What?! That bitch couldn't come up with an original idea if it would save her life! How much? How much did she get for hers?"
"475 dollars."
"Ha! Bitch!" But Bernadette realized that between that and the t-shirts, Penny was surely ahead of her in sales. And that was unacceptable. The next man stepped up for his $5 kiss. "Tell you what. For 50 bucks I'll let you get a picture of you with your hand on my boob. How 'bout it?" In a flash there was a wrinkled President Grant on the shelf.
Nearly every man in line plopped down a $50 bill for the chance to touch her famous globes. Many did more than touch. There was a lot of sly gropes and pinches along the way. Bernadette slapped the more aggressive ones away. But, for the most part, let the men have their quick grope. The heat between her legs built with every new touch.
Eventually, one of Bernadette's previous customers had worked his way through the line to Penny. He laid his $5 bill down and got his kiss. Unlike the others, he stood there for a moment.
"Um, can I, uh, touch your, you know, uh...boob?"
Penny couldn't believe the words she just heard. "What?! No!"
Someone a few men back said, "Bernie's doing it!"
"What?!" Penny shrieked. "Seriously?" There were several nods and verbal confirmations. Penny turned to Leonard. "That big titted bitch!" She looked back at the man in front of her. "What, did she, like, take off her shirt or what?"
The man shook his head. "Oh no. She just, you know, lets you put her hand on, you know, them."
Penny clenched her jaw, paused, then untied the knot of her shirt. "Tell you what..." She raised her voice. "75 bucks to grab my tits! I'll open my shirt and you can grab my tits!"
From that point on, Penny's shirt spent more time open than closed. Leonard couldn't believe he was getting a hard-on watching these men grope his girlfriend. Penny was ready for more than her tits to be groped.
"You know, Penny's letting us grab her, uh, tit," a customer mentioned to Bernadette.
"Really? So? You can grab mine, too, bub."
"No, I meangrab her tit. Like, she opens her shirt and, you know..."
"She opens her shirt?! And lets you grab her tiny little naked tit?!"
"Well...they're not that tiny..."
That slutty bitch!"Grrrrrrrrr..." she growled. She looked at Raj, hoping for a suggestion that didn't come. She looked back at the stranger. "Tell you what. For a hundred bucks you can come into the booth. I'll get down on my knees. You can take a picture that looks like I'm about to give you a blow job. How's that?"
The man's eyebrows rose. "Um...okay!"
Raj opened the curtain and allowed the man into the booth. He handed Raj his camera and took his spot in the center of the booth. Just as she said, Bernadette dropped to her knees. The man jumped when she unexpectedly placed her hand on his quickly growing bulge. She turned to Raj, sticking her ample chest out and giving him her best fuck-me eyes while the man had a thoroughly shocked look on his face, and snapped the picture. The bright light from each flash made her shirt almost transparent.
From that time forward, Bernadette spent most of her time on her knees with her hand on men's crotches. The bulges varied in bulk, from almost nonexistent to "wow". She couldn't help but wonder what each bulge looked like out in the open. The fire between her legs was almost unbearable.
"Raj, why don't you go back to my house and grab the video camera. This would make for some great freebie, tease content, don't you think?"
"Ya! Great idea!"
They were four hours into the competition. Unbeknownst to each other, Bernadette was ahead of Penny by about $400.
That's when Penny shrieked, "What?! She's doing what?!"
The customer hesitantly replied, "She, uh, she's getting on her knees, puts her hand on your, you know, there, and acts like she's about to give you a, uh, um, you know, a..."
"A blow job! She acts like she's about to give you a blow job?!"
"Well, uh, yeah, kinda."
"Goddammit," Penny hissed. She turned to Leonard. "Fuck it." She turned back to the waiting crowd. "Who wants a blow job?! Who wants a fucking blow job for 200 bucks?!"
Leonard's head dropped into his hands. "Awwwww, shit."
The sound that followed was jaws in the crowd hitting the paved street.
The first customer stepped into the booth. Penny surveyed the situation. She finally tuned the man so that his back was facing the crowd and pushed him back against the barrier she had just been standing behind to shield as much of the action as possible.
She dropped to her knees in front of the man and looked into his wide eyes with a devilish look on her face. "Ready, Sweetie?" she cooed.
The man nodded nervously. "Uh, uh, I, uh, I think so," he stammered.
ZIP
The man gasped when her warm hand reached inside his khaki shorts and gripped his stiff pole. She pulled it out and revealed a perfectly average stiffy.
She tenderly stroked the man and whirred, "Mmmmmm, did I do this? Did you get all hard thinking about me?"
"Uh, uh, yeah, I guess."
"You guess?" she mocked.
"Yes! Definitely! Thinking about you...always...you know...makes me hard."
"Mmmmmm, that's nice. Do you want me to stick this in my mouth? Hmmmm? Do you want me to stick your big, hard cock in my dirty mouth?"
"Oh God! Yes! Yes I...gah!" The man's head snapped back when he slipped between her lips.
The crowd smashed against the front of the booth trying to get a view of the action. Only a handful of hopefuls were able to lean across the front of the booth to get a glimpse of Penny's bobbing head.
"Oh shit! She's really doing it!"
"Look at her go!"
"Lucky bastard!"
Penny felt him throb as soon as she took him into her mouth.This won't take long!She sucked as hard as she could and bobbed as fast as she could.
"Oh God! Oh God! Ohhhhhhhmagawd! Guh...guh...gahhhhh!"
She hadn't even had time to take him down her throat.Poor bastard!she thought with a chuckle. Her mouth quickly flooded with thick, warm spunk. She sucked on the spurting head and stroked his shaft, coaxing every last drop out.
She finally pulled back and released him with a pop. His entire body slumped. She stood up and smiled into his face.
"How was that, Sweetie?"
"Worth every penny," he panted.
She giggled and licked a trickle of white from the corner of her lips. "He he! I'm glad. Okay, Sweetie, move along. Looks like I've got a lot more guys to take care of."
The man had almost forgotten he was in front of a crowd. "Oh! Right! Of course." He tucked and zipped. "Uh, thank you, Penny."
"My pleasure, Sweetie." He started to walk away. "Oh! Don't forget to sign up for a membership on my website!" She looked into the crowd. "Okay, who's next?" Leonard took two crisp $100 bills from what he guessed was a college student and let him in. Penny smiled at him. "Hello, handsome." She lead him to where the previous customer had been standing and turned his back to the crowd. She dropped to her knees and began to unzip his pants. "Let's see what we've got here." The young man held his breath. He grunted when Penny reached in and grabbed his tool. A very nice, albeit thin, stiff rod fell out of his pants. "Oooooo, very nice," she purred into his face while she gently stroked him. "I'll bet you make your girlfriend pretty happy with this, huh?"
"Well, uh, she hasn't, um, exactly seen it," he said with shame.
"Really? You mean, you guys haven't done it yet? She hasn't even given you a hand job?" He shook his head. "Her loss," she said with a twinkle in her eyes and a crooked grin.
Just as she started to lean in, the young man spoke up.
"Um, can you...would it be possible...you know...would you do it with, um, you know, your, uh, shirt off? You know, show I can see, you know..."
"Oh! You're a tit man!" She thought for a second. "For an extra 20 bucks, sure, Sweetie."
He couldn't get his wallet out fast enough. He handed Leonard another dead president. His eyes didn't leave Penny as she slowly peeled off her shirt. His eyes were wide as saucers when she laid the shirt on the ground.
She cupped her breasts and looked up at his stunned face. "Is this what you wanted, Sweetie? Hmmm? Do you like my titties?"
He struggled to nod his head. "Uh...uh...ohmagawd...uh, yeah...Uhgah!" She swallowed his meat like a starving man at Thanksgiving.
Once again, she felt him pulsing in her mouth the second she took him in.Easy money!Once again, the crowd leaned in to get a view.
"Oh...oh...ohmagosh, Penny! That...that feels...so...good!"
"Mmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmm!" The inferno between her legs was almost unbearable. Out of pure habit, not even taking the crowd into consideration, her hand slid down her taut stomach and under the waistband of her shorts. She blurted out a muffled yipe at the first brush of a finger across her excited clit.
"Oh shit! Look at that!" one of the customers yelled.
"Damn! She's really getting into it!"
"I'm gonna stab her fuckin' brain!"
"Save me some!"
At the other end of the street fair, Bernadette felt like she'd touched 1,000 crotches. Her legs had gone numb. Before escorting the next customer to see Bernadette, Raj whispered something in Bernadette's ear.
Her head snapped around. "She's doingwhat?!" she screeched.
Raj had heard that tone before. He jumped back. "Hey, don't shoot the messenger!"
"She's giving them blowjobs?! Actual blowjobs!"
"Ya, that's what they're saying."
"She sure is!" came a voice from the crowd.
Bernadette clenched her jaw. "Thatbitch!" The crowd gasped when her shirt flew over her head, exposing the breasts everyone had seen on her website and masturbated to. She cupped her breasts and turned to the crowd. "Okay! Who wants a titty fuck?! Who wants to fuck my big, fat titties?!" She looked up at Raj. "There's something that bitch can't give 'em!"
"Me!"
"I do!"
"Oh hell yes!"
"300 to cum on my tits! 350 to finish in my mouth! Got it?!" The crowd got very loud with excitement. She turned to Raj. "Raj, you should probably go down to one of those craft booths and buy some towels. I think this is going to get messy. See if you can find some baby oil or something, too." While Raj ran off to do as asked, Bernadette climbed onto wobbly legs and chatted with the men in the front of the crowd, giving them a close up look at their fantasy while also getting feeling back in her legs.
After a few minutes of chatting with her adoring fans, several autographs, and some free grabs, Raj returned with the towels and hand lotion. Bernadette grabbed her next client, a tall, handsome man, by the hand and led him around the front of the booth. He handed Raj his money and stepped into the booth. Just as Penny had done, Bernadette spun the man around so his back was to the crowd and dropped to her knees and noticed the man's sizeable bump in his pants. Whoa!The man smiled down at her as she began to unzip his pants.
FLOP!
A huge, thick muscle fell out of the man's trousers like a huge tree falling in the forest.
"Sweet Jesus!" Bernadette gasped. She turned to Raj whose face was hidden behind the video camera lens. "Are you getting this, Raj?"
"Oh ya!"
She dropped some lotion into her palm and gripped the man's shaft. Her tiny hand barely wrapped around it. The man didn't flinch. He continued to smile down at her with a devilish look. Unlike most everyone before him, he wasn't nervous at all. He seemed quite comfortable with the situation, actually.This isn't his first rodeo!she thought to herself.
"I've fantasized about fucking those fat fuckin' titties of yours since the first time I laid eyes on 'em," he snarled.
"That's an impressive piece of equipment you've got there, bub," she whirred while she continued to stroke him.
"Sluts love it," he snarled again. "Even when I shove it up their ass...well, after they get over the pain."
"Mmmmmm, you're starting to turn me on."
"Maybe you'd like it shove your ass...slut."
"Maybe next time, bub." She turned to Raj. "Raj, get the number for this huge cock when we're done here." Raj nodded and gave a thumbs up. The man growled under his breath when she slid forward and wrapped her fleshy mounds around his pounding pole. She started to bounce, imagining what it would be like having him in her ass.Jesus! The thought of it! I'm sopping wet!
Bernadette began to bounce, sliding the man in between her globes. With each slide down, several inches of the man's member popped out of her cleavage. He started to pump his hips. She felt his hands on the back of her head pull her forward.
"Why don't you suck it, slut? Huh? Suck it, bitch!" The tip smacked against her lips with each thrust. She finally opened wide and took him in. "Oh fuck yeah! That's it!"
He threw his hips harder, each time lifting her mounds with his thighs, allowing him to dive deeper into her mouth. Bernadette sucked on him as hard as she could and swirled her tongue around the tip each time.
The man's grip on her head grew stronger. His body began to tense. "Oh yeah! You're fucking good!" His hips began to stutter. Suddenly, he pulled back and began to stroke his throbbing muscle. "Hold em up! Come on, hold 'em up! I'm gonna paint those motherfuckers white!"
She cupped her breasts and shook them while looking up at him with bedroom eyes. "C'mon, big boy, let's see what you've got. Give it to me. Give it all to me. Cover my tits with your..." The blast rocked her backwards. "Holy mother of God!"
It looked like someone had opened a fire hydrant. A white blast crashed into her sternum and splashed across her chest. A second equally devastating blow struck just below her breast with her body knocked backwards, coating the underside of them. Several more spurts of what would come from any other money shot out into her cleavage and across the top of her cum catchers. Out of self-preservation, she leaned forward and took him into her mouth, taking whatever he had left down her throat.
Raj pointed at the man while Bernadette sucked his hose. "Jimmy Rockett! I knew I recognized you! Jimmy Rockett!" Jimmy Rockett was an up and coming porn star best known for his money shots.
Jimmy finally pulled back and shook his cannon at Bernadette, sending a spray of droplets across her face.
Jimmy turned to Raj with a devilish grin. "That's right." He threw another $100 at Raj. "That's for the blow job and cum bath." He looked down at Bernadette. "You're as good as advertised."
Bernadette looked down at her cum covered torso. "Mother Mary and Joseph! Damn!" After taking several scoops with her fingers and slipping them between her lips, she grabbed a towel and began to wipe herself down. She looked up at Jimmy. "How would you like to be in one of my videos?"
"If it means I get to fuck that tight little ass of yours, I'm all in...pun intended."
She turned to Raj. "Raj, get this man's number!"
*****
After servicing a handful of men, Penny couldn't stand it anymore. She climbed off her knees and raised her hand.
"Guys! I need a little break! I'll be right back!" An audible groan from the crowd was heard. "I'll make it up to you! I swear!" She turned to Leonard, grabbed his hand, and pulled him towards the back of the tented booth.
"Huh? What...what's going on?" he asked.
"I need to be fucked and I need to be fucked right now!"
"Huh?" Then it hit him. "Oh! Uh, okay!"
Once they were behind the tented booth, Penny dropped her shorts, spun around, grabbed a tent pole, bent over and spread her legs.
"C'mon, big boy! Fuck me with that fat fucking cock of yours!"
Leonard was already rock hard. He didn't need any warm up. He unzipped his pants and his mighty sword flopped out.
He waved it at her. "You mean this fat fucking cock?"
"Ohmagawd, yes! Give it to me!" Leonard stepped between her legs and held himself steady. Suddenly, Penny's head snapped back. "Holy crap on a cracker!" His sword sliced through her soaking wet slit like a hot knife through butter.
Leonard began to furiously pump his hips. "Ha ha! How do you like that?! Huh? How do you like that?!"
"Ohmagawd! I love it! I fucking love it!"
"Whose cock do you like best? Huh? Who's cock do you like best?"
"Oh fuck! Yours! Yours! Fuck me with that fat fucking cock! Oh fuck yes!"
Some of the crowd heard the commotion coming from behind the tent. They slipped between Penny's tent and the display of cheap art in the booth next to hers.
"Oh shit!"
"They're...they're doing it!"
"Give it to her! Give it to her hard, man!"
"Fuck that bitch!"
Phones came out of every pocket and began to record every move.
"Hear that? Hmmm? See that? Your fans want me to fuck your slutty little cunt hard!" Leonard barked.
"Oh fuck yes! Give it to me! Give it to me hard!" Leonard reached around and swatted her vibrating clit. Her head snapped back. "Oh fuck! Oh you motherfucker!" Leonard laughed and swatted it again. "Fuck!" He pressed her button. Hard. "Ohmafuckinggawd fuuuuuuuuck!"
Her body began to visibly tremble. It felt like a California earthquake was rumbling through her lithe body.
"Holy shit! Look at that!"
"What a slut!"
"Lucky bastard!"
Leonard continued to punish her hole. "Hear that? Huh? They know what a slut you are!"
"Ohmagawd, yes! Fuck my slutty little hole!"
Penny grunted when he buried himself as far as he could and leaned in. "You've got one more hole that hasn't been touched today," he buzzed into her ear.
Her eyes opened wide. "Ohmagawd," she moaned.
He pulled out. "Come on. Say it. Tell me you want me to stick it in your ass. Beg me. Beg me to fuck your ass."
She gasped when he pressed his shiny tip to her quivering pucker. "(gasp) Ohmagawd, please. Please fuck my ass. Please. Yes. Please," she panted.
He pressed harder. "I don't think your fans heard you. Louder. Beg me. Louder."
She clenched her teeth when his swollen tip slipped in. "Ohmyfucking God, yes! Please! Please fuck my ass with that huge fucking cock! Please! I'm begging you! GAHFUCK!"
Just like that, he was balls deep.
"Holy shit! Did you see the size of his cock?!"
"It's even bigger than it looks on her videos!"
"She took the whole fucking thing!"
"Lucky bastard!"
Leonard began to grind her backside. "Jesus Christ! Even after all the times you've taken my up your ass, you're still tight as hell!"
"That's because...FUCK!...because you're so fucking huge!"
Leonard nodded to the small, gathered crowd to his left. "Hey, one...fuck...one of you come over here and...and squeeze her tits. She...she loves having...her...tits...played with when...when she's getting fucked...in...the ass."
What followed looked like a Three Stooges movie. Men tripped over each other trying to be the lucky man. Instead, Penny was surrounded. It felt like a thousand pairs of hands were squeezing more than her mounds. Hands roamed every inch of her body and crevices.
"Oh! Oh! Fuuuuuuuccccckkkk!" Her sphincter clamped around Leonard's post with another screaming orgasm. Fingers had inserted themselves into her still twitching twat and smacked her raised kernel.
"Let's see if we can quiet this bitch down!" A pair of hands twisted her head. Thick, hard flesh pressed against her flesh. She opened her hungry mouth and it slammed against the back of it. "Oh fuuuuuuuck!" The new insertion slid in and out of her mouth while Leonard continued his assault on her ass and her body was covered with curious hands.
Leonard's claws dug into Penny's hips. She felt his muscle throb inside her darkness. She knew he was close. Leonard grimaced down at her. "Ready? Huh? Ready, cunt? Huh? Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Ggggaaaahhhhhh!" His hot, thick spunk shot deep inside her. She almost felt like it was going to shoot out of her mouth. Leonard pumped and pumped until he'd emptied his nut sack. "Holy shit, that never gets old," he panted as he pulled out, letting loose a stream of white down the back of her tan thighs. He slapped his bone on her ass three times, sending a spray up her back and across the hands examining her flesh.
A body shoved Leonard to the side. "I'm next!" A muffled grunt escaped Penny's lips when a new mast sliced through her gash quite unceremoniously and buried itself balls deep. "Oh fuck, this snatch is tight!"
"Jesus Christ! This bitch sucks dick like a pro! Fuck! I...I'm about to...bust...a nut...Gaaaahhhhhfuck!"
Penny's mouth quickly filled with thick, strange, cum. Each pulse of his brawn shot a fresh load down her throat. She gulped and swallowed as hard and fast as she could, but couldn't keep up with the volume. This motherfucker needs to beat off more often! Streams of white slipped through her lips and began to pool at the man's feet.
The man had no sooner pulled himself out of her face when he was pushed aside. "Step aside, bitch!" Just like that, a new set of hands was pulling her into a groin. "Oh fuck!" he yelped when he passed through her lips and his balls bounced off her chin. "The whore swallowed the whole fucking thing!"
*****
Meanwhile, back at Bernadette's booth, she continued to service customers while Penny was giving it away.
"Oh shit! Gonna...gonna...cummmmmmmaaaaahhhhhh!" The rod filling her cleavage with several spurts of jizz up her sternum and across the top of her bouncing boobs.
"Ooooo yeah, baby! That's it! Give it to me!" she cheered, just as she had done for the better part of the afternoon.
The man pulled back and surveyed the damage. His jaw went slack when she took two fingers, ran them across her chest, and scooped the contents into her mouth with a smile.
"Wow," the man muttered as he tucked and zipped. "Uh, wow. Um, uh, uh, thanks, uh, Bernie."
She gave a devilish look. "Thank you, honey!" She wiped his reward off her chest with one of the towels Raj had purchased and turned her head. "Next!" she screeched.
Just then, Raj heard a quiet, "Excuse me. Excuse me," female voice from the very edge of the booth. It was an attractive , buxom brunette trying to get his attention. She was only slightly taller than Bernadette but her build was very similar. Her brunette hair wrapped her round, friendly face. She was dressed in a tight blue halter top and tattered blue jean shorts.
Raj walked over to her. "I'm sorry. Bernie's not doing girls today."
She giggled. "He he! No, I wanted to talk to you. You're Raj, right?"
Raj was taken aback at the fact she wanted to talk to him and that she knew his name. He puffed out his chest. "Yes, that's correct. Actually, it's Rajesh, but my friends call me Raj. And your name?"
"Oh! Kat. I'm the same way. It's Katherine, but I go by Kat."
Raj held out his hand. "Very nice to meet you, Kat."
"So, you're in a bunch of her videos, right?"
He nodded. "I am."
"They also call you 'Caramel', right?"
"That's correct! 'Caramel', short for 'Caramel Candy'." He paused. "Because, you know, I'm so sweet and delicious. I wanted 'Mocha', but 'Caramel' works, too."
"When you say 'sweet and delicious', you're referring to...you know..." She nodded at his crotch.
"My penis? And, you know, what comes out of it? Yes, that's correct," he said proudly.
Her face began to turn red. "Can I...can I see it?"
This really caught him off guard. "You want to see...my penis?" She nodded. The video Raj began to emerge. His face took on a crooked grin. "You mean you want to see...my cock?" She batted her eyelashes at the words but nodded her head again. "Well, I can show it to you. But, if I do, you have to suck it."
Her face turned a bright shade of red. "Oh-oh-okay."
Is this a great country or what?!"But you have to say it first. Go ahead. Say it."
"Say what?"
"'Raj, may I see your cock, please?'"
She batted her eyes again and gulped. "Raj...can I...will you...will you show me your...cock...please? May I see your...cock...please?"
"And what are you going to do if I show it to you?"
"I...I'm going to suck it. If you show me your...cock...I'm going to suck it."
Raj grinned and directed her to the side of the tent and brought her in.
Not having been in this position before, Raj wasn't sure how to proceed. "So, uh, how do you want to do this? Do you want to do the honors? Or do you, you know, want me to just, you know, whip it out?"
"I...I'll do it." She slowly dropped to her knees until her face was staring at the huge bump in his khakis.Wow!She nervously reached up and began to pull the zipper down. Both of their hearts were racing.
ZZZZZZZZIP! FLOP!
It felt good to have his trouser snake out in the open. He'd had a hard-on all day watching Bernadette service men in varying ways. He shivered when the beautiful Kat wrapped her warm, soft fingers around his veiny shaft.
"Oh my God!" she panted as she began to softly stroke it. "It's even bigger in person!"
"Yes, I get that all the time."Like, never!
"Really? You show your peni...cock...to people all the time?"
Raj nodded. "Oh, yes." He watched her stare at it while she stroked it. "Um, I believe you said you were going to do something?"
"Oh! Right! Sorry."
She moved in closer. He felt her hot breath rush across his purple tip. She parted her lips. A moist heat surrounded him.
"Oh! Ohhhhh yessss! Oh yes, that feels nice.," he moaned.
She pulled her face back and looked up at him. "Really? Did you like that?"
He nodded. "Oh yes. Please continue. Ughgah!"
"Oh! Oh! Oh fuck!" The stranger pulled out of Bernadette's mouth and pulled her head forward. "That's it! Take it down your throat! Gak!" he barked when he dove into her throat. "Gaaahhhhhhh!" he cried out as he began to fill her gullet with his spunk.
Kat's round face was bobbing on Raj's mocha colored stick. His hands were on the back of her head, helping her keep rhythm.
"Yesss, that's it. Suck my cock. Suck my cock, you little slut," Raj spit.
"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
"Come on, you little slut. Take it down your throat. Take it down your throat! I know you can! All women can, they just don't know it. Take it!" His tip slammed against the back of her mouth.
It was true. She had deepthroated one man before. But he wasn't even half the size of Raj. She wanted to please her porn star idol. She concentrated on relaxing her throat muscles. She swirled her tongue around his thick shaft constantly.
Raj's head snapped back. "Fuck!" His balls slapped against her chin that was shiny with saliva. "Good girl! I knew you...you could do it!"
"Mmmmmgggggg! Ggggggfffff!" she gurgled.
Bernadette wiped a stream of white from her chin and tucked it between her lips. "Mmmmmmm," she purred while looking up at the client who had just finished in her mouth.
"Thanks, Bernie. That was awesome! You were great!"
"Mmmmm, you weren't so bad yourself." She turned her head. "Next!" Then she saw the woman servicing Raj. "What the...Raj!"
"I...I'm a little busy here," he moaned.
"I see that! You're supposed to be helping me!"
"Hey! I'm making one of my fan's dream come true!"
"Grrrrrrr...fine!" She waved at the next man anxiously waiting. "C'mon, bub, I ain't got all day!"
Raj had learned to control himself. After several minutes, and Bernadette had satisfied two more happy customers, Raj finally pulled Kat off his face. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her up.
"Ow! Ow! Ow!" she said, swatting at his hand.
"I've got a real treat for you. Take off your pants," he said in a demanding tone.
"Huh?" Kat gasped. "Oh! Really?!"
He nodded. "Really."
Her shorts slid down her legs, quickly followed by her baby blue thong, revealing a neatly trimmed bush of dark hair.
He grabbed the bottom of her halter top. "Let's see these boobies." She raised her arms. The top flew over her head and tossed to the side. A pair of perky round piles of flesh appeared with tiny, pointed nipples in the center of pink areolas. She squeaked when Raj grabbed them both. "Wow! These are awesome!"
"Really? You think so?"
"Oh yes!" He spun her around and pushed her shoulders. Her hands landed on the edge of the booth. She spread her legs, revealing a puffy, glistening pussy. "Look at you, you naughty girl. You're soaked!" he jeered.
"I...I know. Sucking your...your huge...cock...oh my God! Made me so wet!" She gave a loud gasp when he slid his monster the length of her slit. "Ohmagawd," she moaned.
He leaned over her. "I'm going to ruin you for every other man," he whispered in her ear.
She closed her eyes and sighed, "Ohmagawd." His head slipped through her velvety folds. "Ohhhhhhmagawd," she sighed. He slid further. "Ohhhhhhmawd," she sighed louder. He threw his hips forward and buried himself balls deep. Her eyes flew open. "Oh my fucking God!" she wailed.
"Oh ma gawd!" Raj moaned. "Your...your pussy...it's so tight!"
Her jaw clenched. "That's because you're so damn big!" She turned her head and looked at him over her shoulder. "Now fuck me! Fuck my...my tight little pussy with...with that...fat...cock!" He pulled back and threw his hips forward. "FUCK!" she wailed.
*****
"Fuck," the man moaned when he pulled out of Penny's ass. "That was incredible."
SMACK! YIPE!
After an hour long gangbang behind the booth, it was just Penny and Leonard. She had blotches of white on her tan body. Matching streaks of white ran down her chin and thighs.
"Fuck," Penny sighed. "That didn't go exactly as planned. I got a little more cock than I had planned!" she chuckled.
"Yeah, well, be that as it may be..."Slut!Leonard looked at his watch. "We've got 45 minutes before the fair closes."
"(GASP!) Oh balls! The contest! Fuck!" She grabbed her top off the ground and swiped it at the unintended make-up on her luscious body, then grabbed Leonard's hand and pulled him back into the booth.
Having grown bored of waiting, unaware of what was going on behind the tent, the crowd in front of Penny's booth had thinned considerably. Only a few stragglers were nearby.
"Shit!" Penny barked while she stood in the booth naked. "Fuck it!" She walked to the very front of the tent and turned to Leonard. "I've got time to make up. I'm all warmed up anyway, so..."
Leonard's head fell into his hands. "Awwwww, shit."
Penny turned back to the street and chopped her arm through the air at three imaginary lines. "Okay, you horny motherfuckers!" she yelled at the top of her lungs. "$200 blow jobs, this line! You wanna fuck my tight little pussy?! $300 this line! Wanna fuck my ass?! $500 this line!"
The lines filled in quickly. One by one, Penny pulled them in. Whoever wanted to slice her slit laid on the ground, with the blow job in front and the ass fucker behind. Just after she landed in the lap of the first man on the ground, she turned to Leonard.
"These motherfuckers get no more than five minutes! Got it! Five minutes! If they don't shoot their load in five minutes, too fucking bad! Time it!"
"Then I guess we'd better get busy, huh?" the man behind her jeered.
"Gahfuck!" she barked when he hammered her gaped back door. "Ggggffffkkkkk!" she gurgled when the man in front buried himself in her throat.
*****
While Bernadette continued to please her clients, Raj was still banging his new friend Kat. Men waiting to sample Bernadette's charms were reaching over the front edge and grabbing her tan globes and twisting her erect nipples.
"You like that, huh? You like me fucking you in front of this crowd, huh?" he asked as sweat rolled off his face onto her toned ass.
"Ohmagawd, yes! Don't stop! Don't stop! Oh my God, don't stop!" Raj reached around and flicked her vibrating bean. "Oh shit!" He swirled his finger around it. "Ohmagawd!" He strummed it as if he was playing a guitar. "Oh no! Oh no! Ah! Ah! Aaaaiiiiyyyyeeee!" She rose onto the balls of her feet as a storm of thunder and lighting flashed inside her tiny body.
"Holy shit! Look at that!" came the cry from the crowd.
"Look at the bitch cum! Oh shit!"
"Fuck that bitch!"
Raj pulled her hair and snapped her head back while her body trembled. "Hear that? Huh? Hear that? They love watching you cum while I fuck your slutty little pussy."
"Ohmyfuckinggod, yes! It...feels...so...good! Oh my God!"
"What if I want to fuck your ass, huh? I think I'm going to fuck your ass in front of this crowd. What do you think about that, slut?"
"Oh...well...I..." she muttered with doubt. She sighed when he pulled out of her still trembling gash. "Just...just please go...easy, okay? I've only done, you know, that a couple of times."
"Ha! Ya, sure. I'll go easy."Not!She squeaked when he touched his shiny, bulbous head to her brown rosebud. "You'd bettah relax or this is going to hurt like hell," he warned in his thick Indian accent.
"I...I'm trying!" She took a series of deep breaths. Raj held his prod straight and true. His purple head disappeared. "Oh God," she moaned. Raj gripped her hips. Two inches slipped passed her sphincter. "Ohmagawd," she moaned louder. She moaned, "Ohhhhhhhhhmagawd," as he fell forward. He threw his hips for the last two inches. Her head snapped back. "FUCK!"
Raj stopped for a moment. "Holy crap! You...you've got the tightest...ass...I've evah fucked!"
Bernadette turned her head just as her customer was about to blow his load all over her chest. "Hey! I heard that!"
Raj forgot Bernadette was right there. "Don't, uh, don't get me wrong, Berna...Bernie! You've got a sweet ass, too. But, dayum! This one's going to rub the caramel off my candy!"
"Holy shit, you're huge!" Kat cried out while the crowd continued to paw at her chest. "You're going to tear me in two!"
"Ha! Not before I break in this tight little ass of yours! Ha ha!" He pulled back until he almost fell out, then pushed hips at quarter speed.
"Holy fuck!" Kat barked. He repeated the motion. "Gahfuck!" Her claws dug into the wooden shelf.
"Next!" Bernadette screeched.
*****
Penny rolled off of her last stud onto her back panting. She just closed her eyes and laid there, exhausted.
Leonard held up his hands. "Okay, guys! Sorry, that's it!" A loud, disapproving groan came from the crowd. "I know, I know. Trust me, I'm sure you'll get more chances to fuck her whore holes!"
"Hey! I heard that!" Penny huffed from her back.
The crowd started to disperse. "Don't forget to visit her website, Penny's Playhouse!"
*****
Raj's hips began to stutter.
"Ohmygawd! I...I can't take any more of your tight little ass!" Raj warned.
"I...I want you...fuck! I...I want you to...cum...on...my...tits! I want to see you cum...on...my...tits!"
Raj pulled back. "Then get on your knees...bitch!"
Kat spun around and dropped to her knees. She cupped her breasts and giggled them at him while looking into his eyes.
"Come on, baby! Give it to me! Let's see it! I want to see you glaze me like you glaze Bernie!"
Raj's body stuttered. "Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Here it comes! Here it comes, you little white devil! Yah! Yah! Ggggaaaaaahhhhhh!" A thick, white rope shot out of Raj's caramel colored shotgun. It landed with a splat on her left breast and ran up her chest.
"Oooo yeah, baby! Oooo, yeah! That's it!" Kat cheered. Another rope shot out and striped across her chest. She quickly replaced his hand with hers and took him into her mouth.
"Gah!" Raj yiped.
"Look at that! Ass to mouth!"
"Sweet!"
"What a freaky bitch!"
"I love you, Kat!"
Bernadette's last customer was about to blow. Her eyes sparkled looking into his face. "I've got a special treat for you, honey," she purred. "I want you to cum in my mouth."
The man's pudgy face was red and sweating. "But...but...I...I only paid..."
"I know, you only paid to coat my tits. But I've got something special for you. What if you do both?"
He nodded. "Both?! Yeah...oh...okay. I...I...oh God! I...I...GUH!"
She pulled him out of her cleavage and pumped his pulsing vein. A quick spurt rainbowed out and splattered across one bouncing boob.
"GAH!" he barked when she took him into her hot mouth.
Several more small bursts filled her mouth. She pulled back and gazed into his face. His eyes widened when she parted her lips and revealed a spiderweb of milky white. She closed her mouth and gulped with a devilish smile. When she parted her lips again, all that was left was a sexy red tongue.
"Holy shit," the man sighed.
Bernadette giggled. "Tee he! Did you like that, honey?"
He nodded while he tucked himself away. "Best 300 bucks I've ever spent." She giggled again.
After licking what she could off of her tits, Kat wiped herself off with one of the towels Raj had purchased earlier.
"Wow! That was really...something!" she said smiling.
"Ya it was! You were amazing! You should do that for a living!" Raj gasped. "Not that I'm suggesting you're a whore or anything!"
She giggled. "Tee hee! Gee, thanks. You weren't so back yourself." Her shorts slid back up her silky thighs.
A light bulb appeared over Raj's head. "Hey! I've got an idea! How would you like to be in one of Bernie's videos?!"
Kat shrugged her shoulders after she pulled her top over her head. "Gee, I dunno. Maybe."
"Hey, uh, how...how would you like to, you know, go out sometime? You know, maybe a, uh, you know, a movie or something? Or, you know, whatever you want to do."
"Um, yeah, sure. That'd be nice." She paused. "Aren't we supposed to do a movie and dinner before...you know..."
"You mean before I fuck you in the ass?" He gasped and threw his hand over his mouth. "I mean...that!"
She giggled again. "Yeah, that." She grabbed a Sharpie and scrawled her phone number on Raj's palm. "Call me."
Kat exited the way she came in while Bernadette's last client exited the opposite side.
Bernadette walked her tired, sticky body to the front of the tent and stood alongside Raj.
"Thanks for coming everybody! But we're out of time!" A loud groan rose from the crowd. "I know, I know! I wish I could put every, you know,thingout there between my boobs and squeeze your stuff out of them! Hey, before you go, we've got some discount codes to sign up for a membership to my website! Come up here and get one!"
Raj and Bernadette handed out boob shaped cards with a series of numbers on them above her website name, Bad Bernie. She posed for several more quick pictures as well as a gave away few free boob gropes and nipple tweaks.
After the last man had left, Bernadette turned to Raj. "Fuck I'm horny! All those men touching me, kissing me, doing things with their things, all day long? I'd do it with a leper right about now!"
Raj shuffled his feet. "I...I wish I could help you out. But, you know..."
"Yeah, I saw you over there having your way with that little slut! You're such a man whore!"
You've had cocks rubbing you all day long and I'm the whore?! Wait a second...Raj puffed out his chest and smiled. "I am, aren't I?"What a great country!
Bernadette frowned. "It's not a compliment, Raj." After a pause she asked, "Did you at least get her number?"
Raj looked like a child at Christmas. "I did! We're going to a movie!"
"I wonder what Stuart's doing right now?" Bernadette asked of no one in particular.
*****
Penny, Bernadette, and Amy met back at Penny's apartment the following day. Penny wasn't looking so good. She looked like she'd been rode hard and put away wet. Which wasn't far from the truth. Bernadette's knees felt like they were 100 years old.
"So? Did you girls have fun?" Amy asked innocently.
"Yeah. Sure. Fun. Let's go with that," Penny groaned.
Yeah, it must've been rough having all those hard cocks around you!Amy thought to herself.
"I dunno. I had fun. The men all seemed so appreciative!" Bernadette said cheerfully.
Who wouldn't appreciate the feel of those massive tits?!Amy thought to herself. "Well, that's nice." There was a moment of awkward silence. "So, who won the bet?"
Bernadette was confident she had won. "Gee, I don't know. How much did you make, Penny?"
Penny knew she had won. Penny threw a wad of money on the table. "$15,875. Read 'em and weep, bitch!"
Bernadette threw her pile of bills down. "$16,450," she said smugly. "Suck it, bitch! Oh, wait...you already did! But not enough! Ha!"
Penny was stunned. "No...no way!"
"Way...bitch!"
"But...but...no fair! I...I took a, you know, break. Yeah, I took a break!"
Bernadette snorted and crossed her arms. "Yeah, I heard about your 'break'. The one where you were giving it away behind your booth!"
"Yeah...well...balls!" She thought about it. "I want a rematch!"
"There's always next year's street fair," Amy offered.I'm sure the men will be expecting you two sluts there again!
"Next year's street fair! Yeah. Game on!" Penny said.It's going to take that long for my body to recover from this year's street fair!
"Game on...bitch," Bernadette snarled.
"So, what do you have in mind for Penny to do on your website?" Amy asked Bernadette.I wish she'd ask me to do something on her website!
Bernadette's lips curled into a wicked smile. Her eyes became slits. "Oh, I've got something good in mind."
Penny put on her poker face. But her mind screamed,Fuck!