(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback are always welcome and appreciated. To briefly catch anyone up that hasn't read the first two chapters. A man finds a sexy genie in a lamp that grants him three wishes. The first is for a billion dollars, the second is the power to make any woman have the most powerful orgasm of her life just by touching her, and the third has yet to be used.)
Seth was waiting by his mailbox when Felecia arrived. He had parked for enough back in his driveway so that she had to park on the street. When she got out of her car she was already letting him have it. "So, what? I can't even park in your driveway anymore?"
"After what you did to me, you should be thankful I'm even entertaining the idea of this little meeting. Also, with as much as you sounded like you wanted this, I'd think you'd be more congenial."
Her whole demeanor instantly changed. "You're right. I'm sorry. Let's just go inside and have sex."
Felecia's bluntness turned him on, but she was going to have to become even more open to get what she wanted. "Hold on. You have to earn your way back in."
"What? To even get back on the property? What do you want me to strip naked first or something?"
She was joking, but Seth liked the idea. "Yes."
Felecia's eyes went wide. "What? You're neighborhood's like Grand Central station this time of day. Your neighbor's out cutting their lawn and I see several people walking their dogs."
"That's step one."
"Step one? Screw this, I'm not that hard up." She turned to leave and Seth gently poked the back of her neck. She nearly collapsed to her knees in a reality-warping orgasm. She struggled to breathe, it was so powerful.
"Are you that hard up now?" Seth joked.
She turned to face him again. "Can we please go inside? I won't make you wear a condom, I'll blow you AND let you come in my mouth..." Her voice dropped so no one could possibly hear her. "I'll do anal."
Seth never understood how mere words could be so hot until that moment. All of the things that she mentioned were things she forbade before. She had never even given head, but Seth had been forced to orally please her on so many occasions. "Oh, we will be exploring all of your glorious holes, and I will be cumming in each. But first strip."
The words made her shiver. Any other situation and she would have slapped the man who said them and drove away. But now that she knew his magic was real, she had to keep going. She had to feel more of these orgasms.
So, with shaky hands, she began unbuttoning her blouse. She kept her eyes locked on his and tried to imagine no one else was around, despite the obviousness of her situation. Seth even gave several cheery hello's to his neighbors as they walked by.
Once her blouse was undone, she pulled it off showing off her purple and black lace bra. It was Seth's favorite. It was low cut enough that it just teased at the top of her areola. Her large breasts were so perky they looked like they sat on a shelf.
Next, she undid her jeans and was about to pull them off, but Seth told her to turn around and pull them down slowly. She winced, but obeyed. As the fabric slowly dropped over her narrow hips and mildly wide cheeks, she revealed that she was wearing his favorite panties as well. They were white and had a floral pattern that showed flesh between the designs. They hugged her narrow hips, but expanded around her bubble butt, cutting diagonally across her cheeks, before sliding beautifully into her crack.
Seth instantly wanted to screw his plans and skip straight to anal, but he restrained himself. When Felecia turned back around, she was nervously watching all of the eyes on her. Seth was nearly oblivious to everyone else now. "Isn't this enough?" She asked nervously.
Seth laughed. "You're not even naked yet."
She winced again and closed her eyes as she released her bra and her tits bounced slightly as they were released. Her nipples were bigger and harder than he had ever seen them. She wouldn't admit this, but she was actually turned on by this public display, despite the humiliation.
Then she dropped her panties and she was completely clean-shaven. Seth had begged her to give it a try, but she refused. Another instance of her double standard, considering she wouldn't even let him touch her until he was neatly trimmed. Seth was starting to wonder why he ever put up with so much from her.
"Did you do that for me?"
"Yes. I thought it might be a nice peace offering. I might have chosen differently if I knew the whole neighborhood was going to see it." She was lying. It was obvious. Seth's guess was that she was immediately screwing around after she dumped him. Unlike the stereotype, Felecia had always been the one with the wandering eye. She would check out other guys right in front of him and verbally compare his failings against these men. "Can we go inside now?"
"Oh, we are still far from that. But, a reward." Seth gently cupped her cheek and she nuzzled her face into it as she felt the electricity of another amazing orgasm surge through her body. She closed her eyes and sank to her knees. Seth was nice enough to think ahead and had brought a towel out ahead of time for padding for her knees.
When Felecia opened her eyes, she was staring at the tip of Seth's raging erection. She knew what he wanted, but she had never had anyone in her mouth before. She had always thought penises were a gross necessity for orgasm. The thought of sucking on one was even viler to her.
She looked up into Seth's eyes and asked very meekly, "Do I have to?"
"You don't have to do anything you don't want to. But this is the way forward."
She understood but was a slave to the orgasms now. Each one was, like he said, more mind-blowing than the previous. And she was determined to see how this rabbit hole goes.
A drop of precum beaded up on the end. "Why don't you start with just tasting that."
Felecia thought that reasonable, and she stuck out her tongue and dabbed the droplet off the tip. She was surprised by how good it tasted. "I never thought cum would taste like mint chocolate."
Seth found the statement odd, even stranger was that mint chocolate was Felecia favorite. Then he realised what happened as she began to suck on him like her favorite lollipop. Her eyes closed as she not only savored the new orgasm, but also Seth's apparent sweet taste. Seth looked up at his invisible naked genie, who was masturbating while sitting on Felecia's trunk. Jenny simply nodded with a smile on her face.
She had done so much magic for him free of charge, just to make the moment even more erotic. If Felecia hadn't liked the taste, she would have just done the bare minimum on the blow job. But since she was tasting her favorite flavor of ice cream, the blow job was so much more sensual.
Seth gave Jenny a fist bump. This would have looked odd to the roughly 10 people surrounding them if they hadn't been so focused on the nude woman giving a blowjob.
It didn't take long before Seth grabbed the back of her head, shoved her nose into his pubic bone, and filled her mouth with his mint chocolatey goodness. She swallowed every drop and continued to suck him as he went soft briefly and then a moment later began to grow again.
Once he was back to full mast, he pulled her off and helped her stand. She was licking her lips with the biggest grin on her face. She had never looked so happy in all the time Seth had known her. In fact, she had virtually always looked pissed off. When he first met her, Seth confused this with a sexy pouty expression. He found out very quickly, that she was seriously just always in some level of bad mood.
Seth leaned her against the side of her car and entered her pussy. She screamed as she felt pleasure erupt in her toes and cascade up through her entire body. Seth groped her tits and sucked her nipples into his mouth.
Another thing she would never let him do. She had derided his obsession with her breasts as Mommy issues. She thought him wanting to suck on her nipples was gross. In her mind, she was acting like a surrogate mother, breastfeeding him. Felecia was a psychologist, and while brilliant, put too much stock in Freud's ideas.
Freud was the last thing in her mind as Seth's tongue and lips sent electric currents of pleasure into her nipples. Seth was certain she wouldn't have any of the same sexual hang-ups after today. Suddenly he saw her in a different light. She was a very bitter and angry woman, but her hangups and preconceived notions about certain sexual acts were probably what was causing her attitude.
He didn't have time to ponder this any further as his balls were now firing another load deep inside of her. Seth suddenly felt weak. Today had been a busy day for his balls. He wasn't sure if he would have the energy or stamina for the last part of his plan.
Felecia must have seen this in his eyes and was determined that she wasn't finished yet. She dropped to her knees and sucked his flaccid member into her mouth. Which is another thing he never thought he would see her do. Felecia was actually so homophobic that she refused to even kiss him after he ate her out until he brushed his teeth. This was especially strange as her sister was on some level a closeted lesbian.
This still wasn't enough to get him back up and running though. Jenny saw this and decided to step in. She floated over and stuck one of her nipples into his mouth. She had done this once before. The magical milk in her breasts was like a health potion. With every gulp, he felt his strength returning.
Then he noticed her breasts were bigger than normal. In fact, they were bigger than physically possible. Seth asked her about this in his mind as he drank. "They get bigger the more sexual energy I'm around. And you're turning on a lot of people right now." Hinting at the crowd that had grown to twenty to watch them.
When Seth had his fill and was back to 300%, Jenny removed her nipple and sandwiched her head between her breasts. No one else could see it, but his head completely disappeared into her cleavage. Like it was a penis getting a tit job. That got his member back up to full attention.
Seth pulled away from both women and led Felecia to the middle of his front yard. He had her get on her hands and knees, spread her cheeks, and slowly entered her. He had no desire to hurt or humiliate her anymore, he just wanted to keep having crazier and crazier sex.
Felecia's anal cherry was taken more freely than he thought it would. Seth grabbed her hips and ploughed in and out aggressively. Even without the magic orgasms, Felecia was actually thinking she might actually enjoy this.
As they went at it doggy style in the front lawn, Jenny decided to have some fun. Even with the energy boost that her milk gave him, it was going to take him a while to cum again. So she worked her way through the crowd of onlookers.
She massaged one woman's tits to get her all stirred up. Another she kissed passionately for several minutes. Then for a third woman, she magically slid her tongue through her shorts and into her pussy, causing her to cum almost instantly. After working her way through everyone in the crowd, she started turning them to each other. This couple started making out, those two started stripping, and pretty soon there was a massive orgy on Seth's front lawn.
Seth was the only one that saw what Jenny was doing. Everyone else simply thought that they were getting turned on to the point of spontaneous acts of sex. Seth was amazed at what his life had suddenly become. But he had one more idea.
"Jenny, come here." She came over and stood beside him. Her breasts were so big now that they were nearly bouncing on Felecia's back as he screwed her. Seth couldn't help but wrap his right arm around Jenny's trim waist. Then he gripped a handful of her butt. "Why don't you show yourself to Felecia and let her eat you out."
Jenny loved that idea and walked around in front of the other woman. She squatted down and became visible. The sight startled Felecia, but Jenny quickly explained who she was. "Can I kiss you?"
The look on Felecia's face was as horrified as it could get considering the amount of ecstasy coursing through her veins. "Gross, no. I'm not a lesbian."
Jenny released one of her dual-tone magical laughs and said, "You humans and your modern labels. Just accept pleasure from wherever it comes."
That made perfect sense to Felecia's orgasm fogged brain. She probably would have still objected otherwise. Jenny gave her a gentle peck on the lips at first. Then she added a little tongue. That led to a full-on passionate kiss. Then, without asking, Jenny stood and rubbed her clit across Felecia's chin, lips, and nose.
An objection was the furthest thing from Felecia's mind now. She stretched her tongue out and tasted the genie's juices. It didn't taste like mint chocolate, but the taste was even more exquisite to her. She never thought a woman would taste like this. Even more, she never thought giving oral to a woman would feel so natural. It's like she realized this is where she should have been the entire time.
The three formed a bridge as Seth pumped into Felecia's anus and her tongue stretched into Jenny's pussy. Jenny groaned in pleasure as her tits now were so big that her nipples danced merely an inch from Seth's lips. To which he took full advantage of and licked and sucked on.
This carried on for another thirty minutes before they came together. Seth came in Felecia's butt and Jenny's squirt filled her mouth. Midway through the orgasm, they felt themselves being pulled away from each other. This caused a fountain of cum as Seth's sperm and Jenny's juices flew through the air towards each other. Seth and Felecia were covered in Jenny's squirt, while Felecia and Jenny were covered in Seth's cum.
The next thing they knew, they were in the back of a cop car being read their rights. Felecia yelled out, "Just shut up and take us to jail already." Before leaning over in the back seat of the cop car and sucking Seth back into her mouth.
A week later, Seth and Felecia had their day in court. He hired the best attorney money could buy, but as soon as he walked into the courtroom he had another idea. He immediately asked the judge if he could approach the bench. The stern woman in her forties glared at him. She looked as though she was in an eternal bad mood. With the look on her face, she also looked like she had never been laid in her life.
But, Seth showed humility and respect to her position, so she warily granted him permission.
His attorney was panicking, "What are you doing? Let me do the talking, that is what you pay me for." The attractive east Indian woman had an impressive streak of successful cases. She was the most successful attorney in the world. He was sure she was well worth her fee of 10,000 dollars an hour, and he was absolutely confident she could get him off. But that would take time, and he didn't feel like waiting.
"Just trust me." She continued to argue with him all the way up to the bench, where she began pleading the judge's forgiveness for his interruption.
"Hush!" The judge said sharply. Seth could see that she was looking for any excuse to fry him. "He wants to say something, let him hang himself."
"Thank you, your honor." Then Seth reached out his hand to shake hers. "My name is Seth." Judge Flechette eyed his hand suspiciously but took it anyway.
Seth saw her eyes dilate immediately and heard her gasp slightly. But that was her limited response. That was when he realized that he might have been right about her never having an orgasm before.
"This is going to sound crazy, but as you have just experienced, a genie has given me the power to grant the best orgasm of your life by just touching you."
Both women looked at him like he was a madman. His attorney jumped in immediately and started speaking as quickly as possible. "Your honor, as you can see my client is not sane. May we please ask for the court's mercy to have him committed to Belhaven Psychiatric Hospital."
Seth took her hand and his very sophisticated attorney collapsed to the floor in a heap of writhing screams and moans. Her hips bucked violently into the air as her grey skirt darkened as she wet herself. After what he just saw, his attorney had apparently had some amazing sex in her life.
Then his attention was brought back to the judge banging her gavel and bellowing for order in her court. Seth quickly reached up and touched her hand again before she could bang again. Her response was a little bigger that time, but she still managed to remain composed.
Judge Flechette glared at him with contempt in her eyes. "You and your attorney will not make a circus out of my court like you did your front lawn. Bailiff, throw him back in jail. Let's see if his cellmates want to pretend to be his genie."
This wasn't going as planned. Why did this judge have to be the one apparently asexual female judge in this city? The burly short-haired bailiff, that was barely recognizable as a woman, grabbed Seth and immediately went weak in the knees. This was his chance. He had to take drastic measures.
Seth climbed up on the judge's desk and took her hand again. "Please you have to believe me." But she recoiled away, afraid that he was attacking her. Seth reached out and grabbed her hand again. This time her knees knocked together under her robe and she struggled to pull in enough air to yell for the guards.
This time it was a male guard that caught him and pulled him away. "Jenny! A little help please?"
Jenny instantly materialized to everyone's shock and horror. She was just as naked as always and standing in a confident fists-on-her-hips pose on top of the judge's desk. Everyone stared at the gorgeous naked woman in awe. "Who do I get to have sex with now, master?" She said with a huge grin on her face.
"Start with this guard while I plead my case to the judge."
Jenny looked at the muscular uniformed guard wrestling Seth away from the judge. "Mmm. My pleasure. I've always loved men in uniforms." Then she blinked, and she was instantly floating in the air with the guard. He was pumping in and out of her as if his life depended on it.
While everyone was distracted by that, Seth lunged forward and grabbed the judges hand. She snatched it away, fighting through the next orgasm before Seth grabbed her other hand and sent another more powerful orgasm shooting through her body. This one finally brought her to her knees.
He was about to gently touch her face when yet another guard grabbed him and started dragging him away. "Jenny!"
"A.. Little... Busy, master." She yelled between gasps as the sizable guard was now ploughing into her doggy style in the air.
"Your magic. Can't you make multiples of yourself?"
"OH, YES!!" Jenny screamed. "Great idea master. Why didn't I think of that a thousand years ago." Suddenly every person in the courtroom was having sex with a multiple of Jenny.
The guard that had pulled him away the second time was giving her anal. The female bailiff was 69ing with her. Seth's attorney and Jenny were making out on the floor as their thighs rubbed against each other's clit's. Felecia and Jenny were tribbing on Seth and his attorney's desk. Even the original Jenny was eating a multiple of herself out as the guard continued to pump away at her.
The Courtroom was suddenly an orgy of ridiculous proportions. And at the head of it all, the now naked judge was on her back, on her desk, with Jenny sitting on her face. Jenny was also using the hilt of the gavel as a dildo on the judges pussy. It was the most erotic thing Seth had ever seen in his life. But it was all also too much.
Seth suddenly realised that this was more craziness than he wanted. He ran from the courtroom as the cacophony of moans and screams reached their crescendo and juices began squirting everywhere.
Seth ran out of the front door of the courthouse and was shocked by the number of people out there. There had to have been hundreds of women on the steps of the courthouse being held back by the police.
"It's him! It's the O Man!" One woman yelled. And suddenly the police could no longer hold them back.
Seth somehow knew what had happened. The video from his work and his house must have gotten out. These women all wanted to touch him. Seth was seriously afraid, and Jenny was nowhere to be seen. He attempted to run back into the building, but they caught him before they could.
Seth was violently pulled into the crowd. His clothes were ripped off him in a matter of seconds, and he never felt so many warm fleshy hands on him in his life. The screams of pleasure worked through the crowd as he was passed through the mob of women.
Several moments later the crowd began to thin and he saw most of the mob writhing in pleasure on the steps of the courthouse. When the last woman got her touch in, Seth saw the ones that touched him first recovering and starting to look around for him.
Seth got up and began to run down the street wearing absolutely nothing. In any other situation, this would have been one of his fantasies, but he was sore from being scratched as he was passed through all of the women. Red lines streaked his body where their fingers clawed at his flesh.
Suddenly a car pulled up beside him and the door swung open. "Get in!" A familiar voice called. It was Judy. His friend from the antique store where he bought the lamp. He didn't have time to question the situation. He jumped into the 80-year-old woman's car.
"As she sped off, she handed him some clothes. As nice as that thing is to look at, you should probably get dressed." Seth did, and Judy explained how the women that believed the videos went crazy trying to find him. With the aid of the internet, it wasn't hard.
They pulled into Judy's garage and walked inside her house. "Alright, pull your clothes back off."
"What?" Seth asked, shocked.
Judy was pulling on some latex gloves and walking towards him with hydrogen peroxide and cotton balls. "Some of the scratches are deep. I need to clean them."
Seth hesitated. "Honey, as much as I'd like to have sex with you, I'd want you to be at top performance for the event." She joked. "Besides, I'm a little worried you'd give me a heart attack at my age if I touched you unprotected."
Seth chuckled and then figured she'd seen everything already anyway. So he stripped naked again and laid down on the towel she placed on the floor for him.
Despite the sensitivity of his wounds, Judy's gentle touches were a tender relief. He had forgotten what a tender touch felt like in the midst of the last couple days of wild sex. They talked and joked as she mopped up his wounds.
"The wild orgies that you have had over the last couple of days are basically what my entire life has been like. I just hope you can actually find love. That was the one thing that always eluded me."
"Sadly, now that I'm infamous, and have this Midas Touch, I'm afraid that may never be possible."
"Don't give up. You never know, a little new magic might appear in your life." Judy finished up, collected the bloody cotton balls and carried them to the bathroom.
"She seems really sweet." Jenny's voice was a welcome return. Her lamp was suddenly beside Seth as well.
"Yea, she is." Seth ruminated on the sweet older lady that treated his wounds. He then looked at Jenny. "Did you have fun."
Jenny rolled her eyes. "The best. I've never had this much fun. I can't wait to see what your third wish is."
Seth thought about that for a second. His first thought was to undo the last couple of days. This new power had become a nightmare, but that gave him a different idea. "Are there any rules on time travel?"
"Yeah, I'm afraid I'm stuck moving with the flow of time. As is my magic. So, if you go back in time, you won't have this ability or the money."
Seth thought about that and decided it would definitely be worth it. He told Jenny his third wish, and then he disappeared just as Judy reentered the room.
Judy smiled as a strong pair of arms gently slid around her waist. "It took you long enough." She joked.
"What do you mean?" Judy's husband of 50 years asked.
Judy bent down and picked up the lamp. "I wasn't talking to you."
"Well, it's like I told you. I can't make someone fall in love with you." Jenny said. I can only arrange for you and your soulmate to meet. I can't help if it took 30 years for him to be born."
"Seth looked back and forth between the two women confused at their conversation."
Judy smiled and patted his cheek sweetly, before giving him a quick tender kiss on the lips. "I may have been your final wish, but you were my first wish long before you were even born."
Realization suddenly dawned on Seth. "Why didn't you tell me all of these years?"
"I thought you finding out this way would be more fun." She chuckled.
Jenny leaned in, "Speaking of your first wish, do you have any ideas for your other two?"
"Yea, I got a couple." She said as she stared lovingly into the eyes of her love. "None of them will compare to my first though."
April was searching for a job online in her apartment. She was still bitter that the 100 Million that Seth gave her suddenly disappeared. She wondered if he had just been trolling her. She couldn't figure out why he would play such a mean trick on her though.
Her reverie was interrupted by the ring of her doorbell. She got up and answered it. She saw Seth and a woman in her early twenties standing there. She would have let him have a piece of her mind immediately, but he looked different for some reason. He looked about ten years younger. He couldn't be any older than 24.
"Judy and I wanted you to have this," Seth said as Judy handed her the lamp.
She took it and stared at it. "Wait, is this what I think it is?"
Jenny appeared beside April. "You better believe it."
"But why?"
Seth pulled Judy close and said, "There isn't anything else we could possibly want." Judy gave him a peck on the cheek. "Just a quick tip, if you ever want Jenny to prove her power to you, you'll regret it, but it will be worth it."
April didn't know if it was the butt naked genie standing beside her, or the memory of that day they had sex in the office, but she suddenly felt a bit horny. A smile quirked up on one side of her mouth as she said. "Do you two want to come in?"
"I thought you'd never ask," Judy said, before stripping off her sundress, revealing that she was wearing nothing underneath it, and walked inside.
Seth watched his bride's beautiful butt wiggle as she walked inside and smiled. Then he looked back at April and joked, "If you thought my libido was high, just wait."
Then End.