This story is my first attempt at submitting erotic literature, and it is somewhat difficult for me to categorize. It contains strong elements of incest, non-consent, and exhibitionism. So, if such topics appeal to you, go ahead and read. I am uploading the first part of the story to get an idea what readers think. With any luck, there will be some interest and I'll post more (which I have already written). That said, critiques are welcome, and if anyone out there wants to help me edit just let me know.
Disclaimer: The characters and places in this story are completely fictional. Any likeness to actual people, etc. is totally coincidental.
Thanks for reading --thatoneguy88
* * *
Audrey finished pumping the gas into Beastly, her rusty blue oldsmobile from the stone age, and got back in the car. For the thousandth time, she wished that the ancient clunker could magically have an auxiliary input so she could listen to Mr. Little Jeans while she drove. Her friend, Kim, had exposed her to the artist just a few days ago, back when she still lived in Indiana, and she had instantly fallen in love with the music. Part of the reason, she realized as Beastly rumbled toward the West, was that Mr. Little Jeans would now always remind her of the life and friends she had been forced to leave behind. As she drove, her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of her cell phone's rings.
Sighing, she picked it up and answered in a slightly agitated tone, "I'm fine, daddy, promise!"
"Geez," he replied, "I was just a little worried, honey. I haven't heard from you all day."
"I know, daddy," she said more calmly, "I woke up late, but GPS says that I'll be there in about two more hours."
"Great!" he exclaimed, "The movers have already brought all the stuff, and Garrett is here helping me unpack some things."
"Daddy, don't let him go through my stuff! I don't want to find all my pants glued to the ceiling when I get there!"
That got a laugh out of him, and he said, "Well, that's what big brothers are for, so you better hurry up and get here before we're done unpacking the kitchen stuff."
"Okay, I'll see you soon, daddy. Love you."
"Alright, sweetheart, bye."
Her father had loathed the idea of her driving across the country by herself, but Audrey had insisted that it was something she wanted to do. It had taken a lot of whining on her part, ironically reminding him that since she was eighteen now, she was old enough to make the decision for herself. Finally, he caved in to her pleas. He made her promise to call frequently, and gave her his credit card for travel expenses. She hadn't realized that to him, calling frequently apparently meant once every two or three hours. Still, it had been worth the hassle to be able to spend a little extra time with the friends she was leaving behind. As she set the phone back down in the passenger seat, she thought about Garrett.
She hadn't seen her big brother much the past few years, ever since he moved to California for college. He had always loved playing pranks on her, but she really did miss him. Despite the fact that moving for her father's new job meant that Audrey would have to start her senior year of high school with zero friends, it was at least a blessing that the new house would bring their family together again.
* * *
Finally, Audrey arrived at 1103 Morningstar Lane, and according to the GPS this was the house. The large white columns, mahogany door, and slanted black roof were all just like they had been in the pictures her father had shown her, but the house was much larger in real life than it had seemed in the photos.
Before she even finished pulling into the driveway, Garrett came out of the front door. She hadn't seen him since Christmas, and he had changed so much in just the past few months that she wouldn't have even recognized him if he hadn't been wearing his dorky old batman cap. He had started to grow patches of wispy blonde facial hair, and he had clearly been working out. The difference was pretty stunning, she noted, as the formerly chubby computer nerd had been transformed into more of a burly lumberjack.
"Oh great," he said, rolling his eyes, as she stepped out of Beastly, "More stuff to carry in."
Audrey gave him a confused look for a second, just before he grabbed her by the waist and hoisted her over his right shoulder in one quick movement. Immediately, she started flailing and playfully punching his back as he turned to take her into the house.
"Hey!" she yelped, "put me down!"
"Oh, hey, sis," he replied, "are you ever gonna turn fourteen? It's been five years now."
"Are you ever gonna stop being a dork?" she retorted.
The ninety-five pound girl kicked against his chest as he carried her in, thinking about what he'd said. As far as most of her body was concerned, Audrey had practically stopped growing at the age of thirteen, and was only slightly over five feet tall. Thin and petite, his words hit a secret sore spot for her, as they sometimes did; she would frequently look at herself nude in the mirror, in silent judgment of her figure.
She realized that she had a beautiful face, with a perfect nose and full lips, and thanks to her family's Swiss ancestry, she had thick blonde hair and blues eyes. However, that was where her looks gave way to painfully small breasts. Her breasts were 32aa cups, which meant they were simply tiny mounds of flesh with small, pink nipples on top. She wore padded bras to try to make them look bigger, but they were still slightly disproportionate to her butt, which was a larger, firm bubble shape that she'd gotten from daily yoga routines.
"I will" he answered, interrupting her thoughts, "the minute you turn fourteen."
Garrett carried her up the front steps and easily held her in one arm while he opened the front door with his free hand, then called out, "Dad, I got more stuff. Where do you want me to put it?"
"Hey!" Audrey exclaimed, laughing,"Daddy tell Garrett to put me down!"
Finally, Garrett did put her down as their father, Paul Vandermeir, walked into the foyer. As soon as she was on her feet, Audrey playfully punched her brother's hard chest and said, "Ow! What's under your shirt? A slab of concrete?"
Garrett smiled down at her, and their father interrupted, saying, "Alright, Chrissy, this house is a lot bigger than our old place, and I think you're gonna love the basement! It's got a complete kitchen and living room area, a bathroom, and a bedroom. Best of all, the original owner built it with soundproof walls and ceilings, so it'll be perfect for your late night jam sessions."
"Oh my god, daddy!" the girl squealed, "Seriously? I wanna go see!"
* * *
Audrey did, in fact, love the basement. The stairs led down to a white linoleum kitchen floor, complete with a sink and places for both a stove and a refrigerator. Halfway across the spacious room, the linoleum gave way to a carpeted living room area. She did, indeed, have her own bedroom and bathroom, and there was even an unfinished room in the very back with pipes and the water heater for the house. The basement also had a door that led directly outside to the backyard, where there was a swimming pool.
Even though she was tired, she had just enough energy to to carefully carry her guitars and amp from the trunk of beastly down the steps and into the living room. She had been playing ever since she was young, when her late mother taught her some basic chords on a junior guitar. Since then, she had developed quite a talent, and had come to cherish her instruments more than almost anything.
Later that night, the Vandermeirs ordered pizza and Paul even let Audrey drink some wine in celebration. According to her father, she was old enough to drink, and it would be a shame if she couldn't join them in a toast. As the night went on, more glasses were poured and more bottles were opened as the family talked and laughed together.
Eventually, Audrey stood up to pee and realized that the room was spinning, and stumbled, slurring out, "I gotta. . .I needa pee," then laughed at how her legs weren't working the way she wanted them to.
Paul tilted his head slightly, with a drunken smile and said, "Damn, she's drunk," then asked, "Are you okay sweetheart?"
Audrey answered, laughing, "I'm uh, okay daddy, it's just. . .hard to stand up," then fell over, instinctively bracing for the fall by holding her hands forward.
"Geeze," Garrett said as he sighed, "she's wasted. I guess I'll help her get to the bathroom."
Her brother stood up, feeling drunk himself, although college life had gotten him much more acquainted to drinking than his inexperienced sister. He walked over to the suddenly quiet girl who was on her hands and knees and helped her up. She leaned heavily on him as they walked out of the living room and down the hall to the bathroom.
Once there, he walked her in, and asked, "You got this?"
"I. . .yeah," she said before stumbling again.
Then she felt Garrett grab hold of her shoulders to steady her, and something changed in her mind. Suddenly, Audrey felt incredibly horny as she looked up into her big brother's eyes, and she bit her lip subconsciously. As she felt her panties growing wet by the second, Audrey had an impulsive idea.
"Garrett?" she asked.
He answered simply, "Yeah, sis?"
"Will you help me take my shorts off?" she replied, pretending to have a difficult time with the button on her shorts. The eighteen year old was absolutely overcome with arousal at this point, even more than her very real need to pee, and she was quite proud that she had thought of a way to get him to undress her under the innocent guise of needing help.
"Uhhh, sis," he responded, "I, I um. . ."
"Garrett!" she wailed, "I need to pee and this button's stuck! Pleeeeeease!"
Garrett rolled his soft blue eyes at her and said, "Fine. Can you stand on your own while I do it?"
"Yeah," she answered.
With that, Garrett let go of Audrey's shoulders and slowly moved his hands down to her shorts. As he put his fingers just inside the front of her waistline to pull the shorts out toward the front, there was no trace of the thoughts she should have had. She should have been conscientious of her body, and she should have felt disgusted that her brother was arousing her. Instead, however, she felt her pussy begin to convulse in orgasmic bliss as he unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts.
As her shorts fell to her ankles, she felt her legs go weak from the orgasm, and Audrey let out an involuntary little moan of pleasure. Now there was only a small, pink pair of soaking wet panties covering her groin, and those needed to go.
"Okay," Garrett began to say, "I'm gonna go back to the living room now and let dad know--"
"--No!" the petite blonde interrupted, thinking fast. She was still incredibly horny, and for some reason, the most important thing to her in that moment was for Garrett to see her naked. Thus, she quickly pushed her own panties down, and they fell to the floor with her shorts.
Garrett's eyes went wide, but he was a man, after all, and Audrey watched as his gaze lowered to her hairy mound. His cock stirred underneath his shorts, and he blushed, quickly averting his eyes. That was when he saw the dark wet spot on the crotch of her panties. Meanwhile, Audrey sat down on the toilet and started pissing.
Garrett fumbled around trying to think of an appropriate response to the increasingly awkward situation, and he finally managed to say, "What the fuck, Audrey?"
For Audrey, everything was very surreal. She had no idea what had come over her, the girl who had never taken her panties off in front of any guy. In fact, she had lost a few boyfriends in the past for the very reason that she had always been too self-conscious to be naked in front of them. And now, well, now she was boldly sitting on a toilet, nude from the waist down and peeing in front of her own brother.
It felt almost as if it were someone else when she heard herself say, "I came, Garrett. I came when you took my shorts off."
Garrett had never before been in more of an awkward circumstance. Her words were only adding to the unwanted arousal he had gotten from the sight of his little sister's furry pussy. He had looked away, and couldn't think of anything more to say. In the end, however, his own slightly drunk mind convinced him it would be okay to look at her one more time.
Audrey was overcome with lust as she finished pissing, and she noticed that Garrett was staring right at her pussy once again, sporting a bulge in his shorts. She hunched forward slightly on the toilet and leaned back, raising her right arm up to fondle her small breasts as she did.
"Do you like my pussy?" she heard herself ask, "Is it pretty?"
Garrett hesitated, then tried to diffuse the situation, saying, "I don't know, Audrey, I can't see it for all that bush."
His little sister responded by lowering her left hand to her mound. With her index and ring fingers, she spread the small lips of her sex apart, leaving literally nothing to the imagination. Garrett gulped hard in response, as the glistening pink folds of Audrey's pussy were spread wide and the round little nub of her clit poked out from its hood.
"Is that better?" she asked huskily, as she began to slide her middle finger in and out of the tiny hole of her sex.
Garrett stuttered, "A-Audrey. . .th-this is wrong. You're my sister, and I've got a girlfriend, so--"
"Shh," she breathed as another finger entered her slick hole, "I won't be able to tell anybody if my mouth is stuffed with your--"
Audrey was suddenly interrupted by a knock on the bathroom door, followed by the voice of the siblings' father, "You two alright in there?"
"Uh, yeah, dad," Garrett answered, once again fumbling for words, then he quickly added, "Audrey just got a little sick and asked me to hold her hair back."
"Yeah, daddy, I'm feeling better," Audrey agreed with a mischievous smile, "Garrett's just. . .keeping an eye on me."
"Okay," said Paul, feeling a little tipsy as well, "I'm going to bed. I'll see you two in the morning."
Audrey was fingering herself in earnest now. The thought that her own father was just on the other side of the door while Garrett watched her masturbate was driving her closer to another orgasm. As she looked up at Garrett, their eyes finally met, and she began to feel a strange kind of hunger, or maybe it was a thirst. It was a confusing and uncomfortable sensation that she had never quite felt before, but when she glanced back down to his still-bulging crotch, she instinctively knew. Audrey needed cum. Nothing else would make her feel better, and it had to be inside of her body.
Audrey pulled the fingers out of her sopping wet pussy and stood up. She pulled her t-shirt off, then quickly unsnapped her bra. As she shrugged it off from her shoulders, her small double-a cup breasts and even tinier pink nipples came into view. It all happened quickly, as her thirst for cum quickly overpowered a lifetime of inhibitions, especially where her tiny breasts were concerned. Now, she stood completely nude in front of her big brother, of all people, and all she could think about was getting some cum in her body.
"Jesus, Audrey!" Garrett exclaimed, even though his rock hard cock was aching for release, "we need to stop before--"
"--Before I do this?" she finished, reaching down to his shorts and unzipping them.
Suddenly, her prize appeared, popping out of Garrett's unzipped shorts, due to the fact that he had apparently not been wearing underwear. Eight thick inches of cum-producing meat was standing at attention, ready for Audrey's body. She wasted no time kneeling down and grabbing the shaft with her right hand. She stroked him a few times as she opened her mouth wide to accommodate his girth. Then, before he had time to protest again, she slid her mouth over his head and didn't stop until it hit the back of her throat.
"Oh. . .Oh Fuck!" Garrett exclaimed, as quietly as he could manage. Just like that, however, Garrett gave up his struggle. He knew that what they were doing was nasty, incestuous, and wrong, but there was no going back now. There is a point for every man when his cock overrides every other thought and priority, and for Garrett, that point had been reached the moment his beautiful blonde sister started fucking him with her face.
For Audrey, it was proving somewhat difficult not to choke on her big brother's cock. She had sucked off a couple of boyfriends before, but they weren't as large as Garrett. Thus, she found that each time the shaft hit the back of her throat, she had to resist her gag reflex. Nevertheless, she worked hard to milk the cock of its precious cum, the cum she needed so badly.
After only a few minutes, Garrett groaned and said, "Audrey, I'm. . .I'm gonna cum."
He stepped back, causing his wet dick to plop out of her mouth. Seconds later, thick ropes of cum were spurting out of him. The first few spurts landed in Audrey's hair and across her face, and the last white glob of spunk hit the floor near her feet. Audrey began to panic.
"How could you do that?" she accused, anger in her voice.
"I. . .Sis, you did. . ." Garrett began, confused yet feeling guilty all the same.
"I needed your cum inside of me!" exclaimed the upset girl, "Not on my face!"
"I. . ." Garrett began to say, although nothing in his life had prepared him for this particular event, "I. . .thought you wouldn't want to. . .You know. . .Swallow."
Tears were starting to form in the distraught teen's eyes, but maybe it wasn't too late, she realized. Audrey slid her hand across her face and began to lick the sperm, swallowing every drop she could get. Next, she carefully scooped up the glob on the floor with her index and middle fingers before sitting down on the cold hardwood. She spread her legs apart, and Garrett stood in disbelief as he watched his little sister shove the cum-coated fingers into her pink hole. Instinctively, she squeezed her muscles, tightening the grip of her vagina so the cum would stay inside.
Soon, she felt her previously insatiable hunger subside, and she knew that she had managed to get enough cum as distress gave way to a moment of pure bliss. Audrey began to cum like she never had in her life. She no longer had control of her body at all, as wave after wave of orgasm passed over her entire body. Short, high-pitched moans, more like squeals, came out of her mouth and her legs began to shake. A semi-thick liquid began to squirt out of her sex, splashing all over the bathroom floor, her own clothes, and on Garrett's shoes. Audrey had never known such a feeling of ecstasy before, and she wondered briefly if a person could cum so hard that it killed them.
Garrett was speechless, but unable to look away. In all of his own sexual experiences, including porn he had seen, he had never before seen a woman cum so obviously and violently. For a moment, he actually became concerned, wondering if this was normal for his little sister. Then he thought about his own girlfriend, Jenny, and how she never did anything like this when they fucked. Suddenly, his lust and astonishment were replaced by overwhelming guilt. After all, he had just cheated on his girlfriend of two years with his own sister.
Likewise, something clicked in Audrey's mind as soon as the orgasms ceased. It was as if she had been enraptured by some surreal, lustful fantasy that came to an abrupt end with her final orgasm. She looked around the room for what felt like the first time. Every piece of clothing she had worn into the bathroom was soaked with her own cum on the floor as her big brother stood over her, his now flaccid cock still hanging outside of his shorts. Audrey suddenly felt very naked, ashamed, and. . .dirty. In fact, she was disgusted with herself.
She stood up and grabbed a towel from the cabinet, painfully aware that bending down to retrieve it gave Garrett a very clear view of her asshole, and even worse, her pussy. As quickly as she could, she tied it around her body, recognizing that her clothes were too wet and gross to wear. Meanwhile, Garrett had managed to tuck his dick back in his shorts and zip them up, just as there was another knock on the door. Audrey turned to face Garrett, a look of panic obvious on both of their faces.
"You kids still in there?!" asked their father from the other side of the bathroom door.
"Uh, yeah dad," Garrett answered as his heart started beating faster, "Almost done. Just, uh, cleaning up a little."
"Good," he replied, "I heard something like. . .I don't know, but it woke me up. Sure everything's okay?"
"Yeah daddy," Audrey lied, "I feel a lot better."
The truth was that she had never been so ashamed in her life. She had to cope with the fact that some uncontrollable urge had convinced her that it was completely okay to masturbate in front of her brother of all people. Then that same urge had convinced her that she wanted nothing more than to have his sperm in her body, so she had practically raped him with her mouth. Perhaps the must disgusting thing, though, was that she had finger fucked his cum into her own pussy until she had such an intense orgasm that it woke up their dad.
"Okay," Paul said, "Well, we'll talk tomorrow. Goodnight, again."
"Goodnight," the two said together.
This time Audrey was the one at a loss for words, but she finally whispered, "Garrett. . .I. . .I'm sorry. I don't know. . ."
With his own hushed voiced, he said, "Look. This is just. . .but. . .it's done now. Let's go to bed."
After a few awkward, silent moments, the siblings were convinced that their dad had gone back to his bedroom, and they went to their own rooms as well. As she walked down the steps to her own bedroom in the basement, Audrey clutched her cum-soaked clothes and cried silently. She felt dirty and tired when she finally reached her room. She put the clothes in her laundry basket, wondering if she had permanently damaged her relationship with her brother. After all, how could it ever be the same after what they'd just done? Finally, she took off the towel, and cried herself to sleep as she lay naked in bed.