When Sunday raised its head, the girl was excited and full of ideas for exhibiting herself, for she thought that she had become an exhibitionist. But should she plan such things? Friday evening on the museum steps and Saturday afternoon at the launderette had just randomly happened. Would planning these events make them work? No! She couldn't plan it, but she could prepare herself for it. Clothes, props maybe, be in the right place to be viewed?
The girl usually went to the park for an hour before her favorite Sunday lunch pub opened. It was a warm summer day, the park would be quite busy. She wondered if her favorite spot under the big oak tree would be free, then she thought about what to wear, maybe shorts, maybe leggings, no! She'd just wear her old denim skirt, socks and boots, and her tight white top, she rarely wore a bra, and believed her tits to be perky and shapely enough without one. All the men in her life had enthusiastically agreed.
She briefly thought of going commando, but no, not today, today was going to be an experiment. She put some things into a shoulder bag and walked to the park. She wore her sunglasses and a floppy hat, and felt cool and breezy. At the park there were lots of the usual park people, she made her way to the tree lined edge to find it quite deserted, it was still early and the sun hadn't peaked yet. The girl sat under her big oak and rummaged in the bag, out came a thin light throw that she spread out on the grass, her smart phone and bottle of water. She looked around, there was nobody near her, the closest was somebody throwing a ball for a dog 200 yards away.
For a while the girl sat with her legs neatly folded to one side, while searching for some music on her phone. Still with an eye on her surroundings, she shifted to sit cross legged, which felt so wrong and dirty, but there was nobody near to see, and the light breezes tickled between her legs, and felt wonderful against the thin cotton of her knickers.
The dog walker had moved off so there wasn't anybody within 300 yards, she wriggled slightly and let her skirt ride up a little, exposing more of her slender legs, the slightly naked feeling was great, but she yearned for more, she wished for someone to see her, to look at and to desire her. She quickly reached down between her legs and pulled her panties to one side, fully exposing her quim to the fresh air, oohh the feeling, she covered up and smiled broadly to herself, o what a naughty girl she was. She stretched out on the throw and rolled onto her belly, she took a gulp of water and uncoiled the earphones, and put on some Sunday soul music.
She lay there, under her tree, reading some blogs of nonsense, train spotting, bird spotting, they were all crazy, as far as she was concerned, but she loved to read about their lives, maybe she should write a blog of her own, about discovering exhibitionism.
The girl became aware of people closer now, her bag had some metallic decorations on that reflected movement from behind her, also the shiny screen of her smartphone gave her a kind of black mirror to spy at what was going on behind her. A game of keep-y up-y between 3 lads was happening a couple of hundred yards away and the occasional dog walker / ball thrower walked by, all seeming to keep a polite distance.
10 minutes later, the keep-y up-y was swelling in numbers and turning into a kick-about, another 5 minutes and teams were being picked, and a full on game of football started. The girl was tempted to sit up facing the game to watch for a while, but it reminded her of school, the girls all watching the boys showing off in the playground. She much preferred that the boys watched the girls showing off.
After a while of trying to see what was going on behind her through the reflecting screen, she drifted off thinking about her boyfriend who she was due to visit in a few weeks, she hadn't seen him for 3 weeks because of his stupid jobs and her stupid job. One day when they had loads of money and time, they could spend days in bed and....
The football came rolling past her and stopped at the base of her tree. Had the football lads kicked it her way on purpose? She wondered. A tall athletic figure appeared "nearly got you, ha ha" said a girl in t-shirt, shorts and trainers, "do you fancy a game" she asked while retrieving the ball. The girl smiled and said that she wasn't really dressed for it, "the boys playing wouldn't mind at all, ha ha, see you later" said the footballer and sprang off to resume playing. She smiled, then laughed.
She had her music on random play, and she thought about the beach near her boyfriend's flat, they had joked about skinny dipping one night but never had done it, now she was thinking of doing it again and more!
She remembered a time in the cinema, they'd sat in the dark, almost empty picture house and stroked each other between the legs, teasing through their jeans, until they'd got home and fucked for the rest of the night. Oh she ached for him. Would she go home now, to her rabbit?, or carry on to Sunday lunch and some friends company. As if to answer, her stomach rumbled and the football came flying like a shot into her tree and bounced violently past her nose, spoiling her reverie. The girl quickly gathered her things together into her bag, jumped to her feet and headed up the hill to the pub.