My wife (Rita), her sister, and one of her close female friends were hanging out for a weekend of shopping and girl time. They had spent all of Saturday at the outlet mall and various other stores, shopping mainly for clothes for themselves and some for the kids. I stayed home with the kids to allow the ladies to have their time together.
When they got home, I had a nice dinner ready for them. The kids and I had already eaten, and I put all of them to bed before the ladies returned home.
After everyone had eaten and gotten comfortable, the ladies started emptying their shopping bags, showing me what they bought. They showed me some kids clothes and talked about the good deals they had found. Then they got to the clothes they had bought for themselves, and my wife's sister, Rachel said, "Let's try everything on again and do a fashion show!" The other two agreed that it would be fun, especially since they had split up at times and hadn't seen everything the others had bought.
Now all three of these ladies wear approximately the same size clothes. All of them are petite, with slender figures and smaller breasts. My wife's friend, Amanda, is a little more toned than the other two, probably because she is single with no children. Rachel's butt and hips are a little bit curvier, and Rita has the best hair and prettiest face. Her eyes are especially captivating, so that you are drawn in, staring at her beauty without even realizing it.
The ladies decided to take turns each trying on a new outfit or clothing item, then modeling it for the rest of us. Rachel volunteered to go first, so she took her shopping bags into the master bedroom.
A couple of minutes later, she walked out into the living room where the rest of us were, wearing a thin sweater and leggings. The sweater was form-fitting and was especially tight around the curves of her rear. We clapped for the model and her new clothes.
Next it was Amanda's turn to play model. She came out wearing a short sleeved athletic top and tight yoga pants. The athletic clothes fit her personality and showed of her toned arms and legs.
Finally it was Rita's turn to try on her clothes. She took her bags into the bedroom and came out a couple of minutes later with a silky button-up shirt tucked into a pencil skirt that went just to the knees. I always like seeing my wife in a skirt that shows off her smooth, slender legs.
It was back to Rachel's turn, and she excitedly rushed back into the bedroom for some more clothes. This time she came out in a floral dress that came down to her mid thigh. Normally she dresses pretty conservatively, so I would have thought she would wear leggings under this dress. For whatever reason, she chose to go without them for this fashion show, and I'll have to admit that I did not mind what I saw, especially when she sat down on the couch, causing the dress to ride up farther.
Amanda went in to change and came out also wearing a dress. Hers was longer, reaching below her knees, but it was pretty low cut and tight in all the right places.
When it was Rita's turn, she said, "Let's all just move into the bedroom. The king-sized bed has plenty of room to sit on, and it will save us from walking back and forth."
All four of us proceeded to the master bedroom, where my wife proceeded to disrobe in front of us down to her black lacy bra and panties. Rachel was accustomed to this, since as sisters they changed in front of each other all the time. Amanda was a little bit surprised, I could tell, but quickly got over it. Actually, I was pretty surprised because my wife is normally a very modest person, though I was certainly not going to be the one to complain. Rita pulled a dress out of a shopping bag and slipped it over her head. Hers was a "little black dress" with a moderately low v-neckline and a flowing pleated skirt that reached just above the knee. She did a twirl, causing her skirt to fly out prettily and also giving us another view of her lacy panties. I clapped a little louder than the others at this display. Another part of my body was also starting to enjoy this fashion show.
When it was Rachel's turn, she said she actually wanted to try on Rita's dress, so Rita obliged by pulling it back over her head; once again leaving her in her underwear. She didn't seem to mind, especially since it was warm in the bedroom. Rachel surprised me by taking her dress off right there in front of us as well, rather than stepping into the nearby closet or bathroom. I looked away from her and toward my wife, but Rita smiled at me and motioned back toward her sister. Rachel had a basic nude-colored bra and light pink no-show panties that I noticed were a little sheer. I could actually see a little bit of black pubic hair showing through the fabric. She looked over and smiled at me when she saw that I was checking her out. She slipped Rita's black dress on and shimmied a little to get it in place over her slightly larger hips. She looked good in this dress as had Rita.
Now it was time to see if Amanda would be the shy one or if she too would undress in front of me. She looked uncertainly at Rita for a moment, and then when Rita have her a "thumbs-up" and winked and smiled at me, she unzipped her dress and stepped out of it. She was wearing purple thong panties and a lime green bra. The combination was bold, but actually quite nice, though I tried not to stare too much. I was sitting right next to my wife while we watched after all. Amanda then pulled another athletic outfit from a shopping bag. There was a tank top and a short pair of shorts. She quickly pulled on the shorts, but then looked sheepishly at Rita, saying, "This one has a built-in bra, so..."
"Oh, just go for it!" said my normally proper wife.
Then to my surprise (and delight if I'm being honest), Amanda turned her back to us, reached behind her back with both hands, and unclasped her bra. She pulled her arms through the straps and tossed the bra on the bed. She had a very nice toned back, with smooth looking skin. When she lifted her arms to put the shirt on, I caught just the slightest glimpse of the side of one of her small breasts, probably 32A if I was guessing. When she turned around, I could see the outline of her erect nipples showing through her shirt. I was now thoroughly enjoying the show and it was evident by the tent forming in my shorts. I'm pretty sure Amanda noticed what was happening in my pants, because she blushed a little when I caught her looking that direction.
Rachel quickly doffed Rita's dress and threw it back to her where she sat next to me on the bed. When Rita caught the dress, she looked over my way and saw the start of an erection growing in my pants. She smiled at me rather mischievously, and put her hand on my thigh, very close to my crotch. This cause my penis to grow a little more, until I nearly had a full erection, though I was trying my best to keep calm. It was Rita's turn again, so she gave my crotch a pat and got up. She looked in one of her bags and brought out an athletic shirt somewhat like the first one Amanda had tried on.
Then she said, "Amanda could I try on your shorts with this shirt?"
Amanda stripped off her shorts and leaned across where I was lounging to hand the shorts to Rita. She leaned over my legs, and when she did, I got a great view of her butt cheeks in the thong. Her body was also quite close to my growing penis as she brushed against my legs.
Rita pulled on the shorts and after we applauded, she resumed her spot on the bed next to me. Her hand also resumed it's former position near the bulge in my shorts. She pointed and drew my attention back to Rachel who was digging in a shopping bag until she pulled out a lacy pink bra. At this point Rachel unclasped her bra, and pulled it off, only without turning her back as Amanda had done. I got a good look at her small, perky breasts once the bra was off. Her nipples were dark brownish pink and stuck straight ahead, like maybe she was becoming aroused. Then I realized she was staring right at me, making no effort to cover herself or to put on the new bra. Not only that, but Rita's hand, which had been gradually inching toward my crotch had reached it's target, and she was now slowly caressing my boner through my shorts.
I was amazed at these normally prim and proper ladies who were undressing in front of me, and in my wife's case, fondling me while the others looked on. They were indeed looking on, both Rachel and Amanda were staring at Rita's hand moving over the bulge in my shorts. Rita was smiling wickedly as she pretending like nothing was out of the ordinary. Rachel realized finally that she was supposed to be trying on her new bra, so she slipped it on while making a pouty face and struck a pose like a Victoria's Secret model. We all laughed and clapped at this, but there was still some serious tension building in the room.
Next, Rita said that it was my turn to try something on. She pulled a dress shirt and slacks out of a shopping bag and motioned for me to try them on. I looked questioning at her and then down at my obvious bulge. She smiled that same wicked smile as before and motioned for me to proceed. I slowly stood up, causing the tent in my shorts to stick out in a very obvious fashion, and pulled my shorts down so that my stretched-to-the-limit boxers briefs were showing. I took off my shirt, while all three girls watched intently. I put on the dress shirt and then the slacks, though the zipper was challenging in my current condition. I strutted around the bedroom to the sound of applause until my wife said they forgot one part of the outfit. Then she pulled out a pair of blue silky boxers and threw them at my face. I put them on my head, and they all laughed, though the laughter was tinged with nervous anticipation. Then I took off the dress pants and decided to go for it. I carefully pulled down my boxer briefs with my back to the others. One if the girls whistled and I felt someone slap my butt cheek. Before I put the silky boxers on, I turned around, giving them a full view of my erect penis and testicles. The whistling and laughter does down immediately, as all three caught their breath, and Amanda even let out a little cry of surprise or maybe nervousness. I thrilled at the opportunity to show them my goods, and my penis bobbed and twitched, showing my excitement.
My penis is pretty average in length, but maybe a little thicker than average. Either way, it is straight, not curved, with a well-shaped head, and I keep my pubic hair trimmed up neatly. I think it is a pretty nice penis. These girls seemed to like what they saw, judging by their reactions. Even Rita, who has seen me naked plenty of times, seemed excited by the display. After just a few seconds, I pulled on the boxers, but didn't bother with the pants. I lounged back on the bed between my wife and Rachel, making no effort to hide my arousal.
There was definitely an air of excitement, like an energy surge through the room. Rita replaced her hand on my bulging boxers and gave me a squeeze while the others looked on with rapt attention. I looked around to see that Amanda's nipples were poking out the material of her tank top even more than before, and she had a hand resting on her thigh, rather near her own crotch. Rachel's body, still clothed in only her pink bra and sheer panties was against my right side, even though there was plenty of room on the bed. Amanda was beside and somewhat in front of Rachel, so that she had a clear view of Rita and me.
I wouldn't have ever dreamed before today that my wife would act this way, but she was clearly enjoying putting on a show for the other girls. She was every so slowly stroking my erection through my silky boxers, which felt fantastic. It was all the more exciting because we had an audience. Rita leaned over and kissed me gently on the lips. She looked up, seemingly to make sure the others were still watching, and then leaned back over and we kissed more passionately. My breathing became a little bit labored, and then I noticed that I was not the only one. It sounded like all three of the ladies were breathing a little harder as well. I sat up slightly so that I had a little more leverage, and ran my hands up and down Rita's smooth back under her shirt. She moaned slightly, showing that she enjoyed the sensation. After a little more kissing and rubbing, I slipped her shirt over her head, then unhooked her bra and slid it off her arms. She undid the buttons on my shirt and pulled it off.
We continued kissing and caressing, with her stroking my clothed penis and my bare chest and back. I was touching all of her exposed skin, now including her small, firm breasts. I broke off the kiss and slowly kissed a trail down her neck and then between and around her two beautiful boobs. I kissed right up to a nipple and then took one of her hard nipples on my mouth. I sucked and nibbled on her sensitive nipple to her obvious pleasure. Actually the action seemed to be pleasurable for everyone in the room. I could hear Amanda and Rachel breathing hard and lightly moaning, so I glanced over to see that Rachel was rubbing her vulva through her panties and Amanda had her hand inside her thong, all-out pleasuring herself. Both of them were staring right at Rita and me, watching me suck on one nipple and caress the other breast with my hand. All the while, Rita continued to slowly stroke my clothed erection. It is an understatement to say that I found the whole scene highly erotic.
After a few minutes, we could not wait anymore, and Rita and I pulled off each other's underwear. As soon as we were naked, our hands immediately found each other's bare genitals. Soon enough our hands were not enough satisfaction, and we found ourselves getting into position for sex. Rita was on her back with her legs spread wide, and I was kneeling on front of her.
At that moment, I realized that we were about to have sex in front of my wife's sister and her friend. I paused briefly and looked to make sure they seemed okay with it. When I looked at Amanda, she had one hand inside her panties, rubbing vigorously on her clitoris, while the other hand was roaming up and down her body, stopping to tweak a hard nipple, then continuing on over the rest of her body. Her shirt was pulled up most of the way to give her better access to her skin, and her eyes kept closing in ecstacy only to open again so she could watch us.
Rachel was still very close to us, actually she had positioned herself so that she could watch my penis enter Rita's vagina. She had a hand inside her own panties and was breathing hard while squirming around with pleasure. Her eyes never left our lovemaking as I slowly pressed my erection into Rita's waiting hole. The amazing feeling of a tight grip all around my penis, while sheathed in velvety softness is beyond my ability to describe. I knew that in my overly excited state, I would have to be careful that I did not release my load before Rita was ready. Luckily, she was also especially excited, and after only a dozen or so long strokes, her body began to tighten and convulse with an orgasm. That was my cue, so I released my own sexual tension with a torrent of semen. It was the biggest, most powerful orgasm I have ever experienced, and the quantity of semen that I shot deep inside my wife seemed like ten times the normal amount.
Both of us cried out, and then I realized that it was not both of us, but all four of us that were crying out in orgasmic bliss, as the other ladies followed close behind with their own explosions of pleasure. We all collapsed in a heap on the bed, breathing hard.
After everyone caught their breath, we got up and cleaned off. Everyone put themselves back together, but no one felt the need to get fully dressed. We all felt so close and connected to one another during that time that we just enjoyed being together until gradually we all drifted off to sleep. Something like this will likely never happen again, but an amazing memory was made that day.