With the water running in the background, Melissa felt the coldness of the toilet seat beneath her. Her hands were placed above her head leaving her breasts completely exposed.
"Aren't you happy to see me?" Legends said in his modified voice.
He moved her mouth into a smile and groped her tits.
"I don't know why you don't freeze more often, you make a wonderful decoration."
Melissa stared back. She concentrated on her mouth to speak, but the effort was futile. The water stopped. Legend lifted her and the warmness of the tub engulfed her body with only her head resting comfortably on the back of the wall. Legend sat on the counter.
"Now I'm going to unfreeze you and you are going to remain in the tub. Any sudden movement and I will freeze you and leave you like that until someone finds you. I hope I made myself clear."
So far Legend had been nothing but trouble, so she was inclined to believe him. She felt her body relax and moved her hand slowly in the water. She turned to Legend.
"What the hell do you want?" Melissa said sternly.
"Well last time we chatted I brought up a certain issue. What was it... something about people freezing and they can't stop..."
"The addiction to freezing."
"Of course, that's it. The addiction to freezing." Legend said. "You know it's funny you remember, because the first thing you did after I told you was... get frozen. I mean it's almost as if you thought I was lying."
Melissa shifted uncomfortably in the water. Would antagonizing him have the same result of trying to attack him physically?
"That was an accident." Melissa said. "And for your information, I told my boss about it. We need evidence to make a claim like that."
Legend fiddled with the camera and remained silent. He shook his head and leaned forward.
"This is my fault. The persona you put up waitressing evidently is just that. A persona." Legend said. "I really thought you had some tough skin."
"What are you talking about?"
"If you think the freezing addiction is the only thing this company is hiding, you're more naive than I thought." Legend said. "You weren't supposed to 'go public', you were supposed to dig deeper."
Legend stood up. "Good thing I put a reporter on the same story. Now there's someone who will dig shit up."
"That's all this was, you wanted dirt on Lawson Corporation?"
Legend nodded his head. "The good news is I don't need you anymore."
"Don't you dare lay a finger on me." Melissa yelled.
Legend laughed. She felt her body freeze up again. He knelt and lightly groped her wet tits.
"I don't need this device to get you or any woman in bed." Legend lightly brushed his finger against her lips and tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. "I'm speaking from experience of course."
Melissa could almost see the grin through the thin black mask. Was he implying they slept together before? There was a period of a few years in her life where sex was an escape from everything and until she got her job at Decor, it was the only thing. The many men she slept with filtered through her mind. Some were one night stands where she couldn't even remember their name and some were long term arrangements, but never anything serious. Figuring out who he was from that was picking apart past relationships she'd rather not stir up.
"Goodbye Melissa." Legend stopped at the door. "And by the way, that Selma display. You made a really hot bitch."
After a few flashes, Legend was gone. She bolted out of the bath and down the hall naked and wet, carefully stepping so she wouldn't slip on the hardwood. Her house was empty. She locked the door. For all the joy and entertainment it brought Decor, the freezing device was a nightmare in the hands of someone like Legend. She believed him about not touching her, but that didn't shake the feeling of her privacy being violated whenever he decided to drop in. Until he was caught, there was always going to be a threat. She knew what she had to do to get the ball rolling.
***
"Where the hell were you?" Kara yelled.
She still looked as beautiful as when she was on display, and despite the amazing experience, the time since she had been unfrozen was spent building anger towards Paul. The car ride home was silent and once the doors closed, the gloves came off.
"I told you, I had a work emergency, then when I came back you were on display. What the hell was I supposed to think?"
"That Rick tricked me again. I followed both of you into the back and somehow you disappeared."
"I was pissed at Rick about this whole bet, but I got a call and took the exit." Paul said. "Look this is just like what happened at Decor. You said you weren't going to go on display and then suddenly you're frozen. You keep sending me mixed signals, Kara."
Kara just wanted to be angry and although his excuses had some legitimacy, it still didn't make things any better.
"I'm sorry, okay." Paul said.
He moved in and grabbed her hands.
"If it makes you feel any better, people were really enjoying the display. I lost count how many compliments I heard." Paul smiled. "I felt real proud knowing that was my girl up there."
Along with his patience, it was one of his many redeeming qualities. The ability to own up to a problem and provide a silver lining. Kara's emotions were still high, but it wasn't Paul she was angry at. It was herself. She felt foolish for being tricked not once, but twice by Rick and it likely cost her the bet. The anger dissipated as Paul hugged her tight. She didn't want to be angry for the sake of being angry and blaming it on something she actually ended up enjoying would have been hypocritical.
"How about we get some comfortable clothes on and grab some ice cream." Paul suggested.
Being angry and coming off a high of bliss put Kara in a certain mindset. She bit her lip seductively.
"How about you take your clothes off?"
She grabbed his hand and led him to their room.
***
Mr. Lawson compared the two totals and then slid the document across the desk. He leaned forward with his fingers clasped.
"The official winner of your little inter-office bet is..." Mr. Lawson gave Rick a look of disappointment. "Rick."
He looked at Kara sincerely. He had heard their little bet and knew right from the start Kara was going to lose. But it wasn't his business. His son was starting to take his job seriously and although his methods were disappointing, the results spoke for themselves. Kara deflated in her seat. It wasn't surprising she was in that position. Her interest in becoming Decor long predicted where she would end up.
Rick smirked at Kara. "You are going to look awesome in my man cave."
"Your man cave? Is that what you call your stupid office now?"
"No. The winner gets the loser as Decor. We never specified where or when." Rick said. "I want you as Decor in my basement from 6 pm to 2 am."
"That is ridiculous, I did not agree to that." Kara looked at Mr. Lawson.
"Unfortunately the contract you signed had a clause with that as an alternative" Mr. Lawson said pointing to the line.
Kara grabbed it and read it. Her body language said it all. Rick couldn't keep the shit eating grin off his face.
"And you're going to trust him with the camera?" Kara said.
"The new cameras have a tracking system and a security camera will be set up to monitor you. If Rick breaks any of these rules, the contract is terminated." Mr. Lawson said.
"I'll send you the outfit details through email. Your first shift starts tomorrow." Rick said. "See you later, Care Bear."
Rick left and Kara stared at the contract. Mr. Lawson grabbed it back.
"I thought you always wanted to be Decor." Mr. Lawson said. "I'm sure it won't be that bad."
Kara shrugged her shoulders. "Honestly. That's what I'm afraid of."
She stood up and grabbed her purse. "See you later, Mr. Lawson."
Kara passed by his secretary, who handed him an envelope.
"This was just delivered." She said and walked away.
Mr. Lawson opened the envelope. Inside were detailed pictures of him fucking Katerina. Mr. Lawson quickly hid them with the blond statue standing right behind him. The ironic feeling of being violated settled in. Someone was in his office that day. He clicked through his phone and found the time he called Michael: 2:40. He checked the time Natasha called on his personal phone. 3:20. Mr. Lawson paced in front of his desk. Twenty minutes of that day were gone and someone had photo proof of him raping Katerina. Of course he fucked her mouth, but he never went through with the sex. Natasha's call saved him from a reckless decision.
He rushed over to his phone and called Michael.
"Please tell me you've made progress on Project Contact." Mr. Lawson said. "...Good. I'm coming down now."
Mr. Lawson pocketed the envelope and headed towards the door.
***
Samantha took a breather and pushed the keyboard in. The emails were still coming in. Running Winter's Women was much more work than she anticipated. Once she got Ashley out the door, she thought it would be mildly challenging, but manageable. A lot of Ashley's connections were built on trust and past experience. With Samantha, the slate had been effectively wiped clean and all the goodwill from over the years was being put into question. The emails were from old contacts asking her about herself and the business. It was tiring answering them all and she eventually started copying and pasting responses to similar questions. It was a rough period of transition, but once through it, she was confident her changes would propel the company to greater heights.
Of course having Ashley working for the enemy didn't help. Her image was plastered all over Sexie marketing. She was their new face and it was wreaking havoc on Winter's Women's clientele. Another problem to deal with. The only good thing so far was her new prized possession. Her rival Zoey had always been a pain in her side when it came to promotions and raises. She never did any work, but knew how to play men and it worked until she got to Ashley. From there Samantha was able to show her true capabilities without a saluted dick getting in her way. Once Samantha took over, she offered Zoey a new position as a 'trend setter' model. Her position would pay more and her job was to wear the latest fashion for social media posts and be on display in Samantha's office. Little did Zoey know, Samantha just wanted her as a trophy. She turned to the busting beauty in her blue cocktail dress and smiled. Zoey always used her body to her advantage, now it was more useful to the company than it had ever been.
"Delivery for Ms. Samantha." A voice said from the distance.
Logan, the handsome delivery man, placed a box on her desk. Samantha faintly looked down at her engagement ring and bit her lip as she stood up to greet her guest.
"How do you always get my deliveries?" she asked.
Logan's smile melted her.
"Luck of the draw."
He grabbed her around the waist and pulled her in for a passionate kiss. Her phone beeped. She broke the kiss and checked the time.
"Oh no. I'm really sorry, but we're going to have to reschedule this." Samantha said pointing to the stirring in his pants.
"You sure?"
Samantha giggled. She wanted to so bad, but she had other plans.
"I'm meeting the girls for lunch and I'm running late. But..." Samantha traced her finger along his chest. "Feel free to stop by later for a 'delivery'."
Samantha pecked him on the lips and then grabbed her purse.
***
"I'll sign the damn contract." Melissa said.
Bill jumped from his chair with a mixture of relief and joy.
"I knew you wouldn't let me down."
"On one condition. You need to tell Mr. Lawson about the stolen camera, about Legend, about everything."
Bill sat back down dejected.
"No way. I'll be fired immediately."
"Then threaten to go public."
Bill threw his hands up in frustration. "You always have to make things difficult."
"Look, I didn't ask to be frozen or for this stupid contract. That's your fault. Now if we want to maintain our positions here in order to bring this issue to light, we're going to have to make sacrifices." Melissa said. "Your choice, Bill."
****
"What the hell is this!" Ashley Winters threw the skimpy bikini, if it could even be called that, on Roman's desk. "I'm not wearing that thing. Nor am I having you write all over my body."
Roman picked up the bikini, thong combination and smirked.
"Listen Ashley. Dear. You're the face of Sexie now, we need you to be well... sexy."
"I should be going on promotional tours and teaching your models, not stuck in some stupid display case."
Roman stood up.
"We hired you for your image not your knowledge. Yes you gave us a few modeling tips and business advice, but this business is all about the image." Roman said. He held the bikini in front of Ashley and lined it up as if she was wearing it. "And quite frankly, as they say, an image is worth 1000 words."
Roman outstretched the bikini and thong to Ashley.
"Winter's Women is failing harder every day. If your loyal fans see you in our lobby donning this provocative piece, any goodwill from your name will be destroyed. So the question is, do you choose pride or do you choose revenge?"
***
Samantha walked through the restaurant in her high heels like she was working a catwalk. The greeter pointed her in the direction of her party and she maintained her gracious demeanor, drawing wandering eyes from the customers as she passed. The restaurant was fancy and far from the raunchy Decor atmosphere when they celebrated Samantha's Bachelorette.
"Hello ladies." Samantha said as she took a seat. "Where's Julia?"
Lexi shrugged. "I tried messaging her, but no response. Probably chasing down a lead or something."
Samantha looked at Cali. "Cali."
"Look before you say anything, they offered me a lot of money to host it." Cali said.
Samantha put her arm gently on all Cali's arm.
"I get it, it's business. Certainly didn't make my life easier, but I'll manage." Samantha's eyes wondered over to Katerina.
"And how is Ms. Perfect? Decor job going well?" Samantha said sincerely.
Katerina nodded as she took a nibble form her salad.
"Mr. Lawson seems a bit stressed ever since the Winter Scandal, but hasn't affected my job."
"Does he ever, like, touch you while you're...you know." Cali asked.
"No. He would never do that." Katerina said.
"And what about you, Lex, any unwanted advances from what's his name..." Samantha said
"Paul. No he barely looks at me." Lexi's cheeks flushed. "But I have met someone."
The girls stared at Lexi.
"Go on." Samantha said.
"Let's just say I think I may be swinging the other way."
"You go girl." Katerina said.
"What can I say, she started it." Lexi looked down and stirred her drink. She was thinking about something, and it wasn't the drink in front of her. Her eyes popped back up to Samantha. "But enough about us. What about you Sam?. What's it like running one of the biggest fashion brands in the world?"
Samantha took a drink from her wine glass partially to think of a good answer, but mostly to drown her sorrows.
"It's been a whirlwind. Mostly because that stupid bitch joined Sexie. Now all our contacts are up in arms." Samantha said. "I just wish there was a way to make that problem go away."
"Have you tried a different approach?" Cali said.
"Parade around in a skimpy little bikini, no thank you." Samantha said.
"Winter's Women has always been about a professional sexy look. It's the old dynamic of mystery that seems to have been lost in the fashion world." Cali said. "Once men see it, there's no mystery. You could become that mystery.
Samantha immediately thought of Marilyn Monroe, and the many other past fashion icons that used mystery to their advantage. No one knew who Samantha was which gave her an opportunity to shape that narrative before someone else shaped it for her. She smiled at the group.
"Lunch is on me."
****
The man cave was exactly what she imagined if a guy had the all money to create it. She knew the Lawsons were rich, but she didn't expect Rick to have so much stuff. Large screen televisions, pool table, bar, video games, and on the far right, taking up the entire wall, a trophy and memorabilia case. There were trophies likely from his younger sporting years, movie and television props with a few historical artifacts such as swords, shields and artwork sprinkled throughout. In the middle, a spot had been cleared out. Her spot. The podium was just enough space for her feet to fit and painted gold to match her outfit. The plaque on the front read:
'Top Salesman: Rick Lawson Jr.'
She expected something more degrading, but the implication seemed much worst. Was she the new Top Salesman trophy? Would they pass her around year to year? Was that her fate for a career, a trophy? She looked down at her ridiculous outfit. Everything was mandated to be gold. Real gold, which Rick gladly purchased. Gold hoop earrings. Gold choker. Gold rings and bracelets on either hand and wrist. Gold belly button ring. Gold bikini and thong that barely fit. Rick even paid for a spray tan to give her a more bronzed look. Her hair was professionally done up behind a gold tiara and she stood atop 5-inch open toed gold heels with complimentary painted gold nails. The only thing that wasn't gold, was her makeup, with the traditional red lipstick and black mascara highlighting her facial features.
She never felt more slutty in her life, especially knowing her outfit was worth more than her salary. Rick enjoyed every minute of it. He lead her to the trophy case and opened the door like a gentleman. The podium was a few feet off the ground and Rick held her hand as she stepped up and gained her balance on the thin heels. She turned and overlooked the rest of the man cave. She couldn't believe she was now part of it. Just another object in Rick's collection. All the jewelry dangling off her body reminded her what she truly was in this moment. An expensive decoration. She put her hands on her hips and mustered up a half smile.
"Smile like you just won the lottery." Rick said.
Kara's mouth grew wider, but it still looked fake.
"Must have been a shitty lottery." Rick said.
The joke was enough to loosen Kara up as her smile became genuine through her small laugh. She felt her body stiffen and she held the pose with contained laughter stuck on her face. She was no longer Kara for the time being, she was now just a trophy. The Top Salesman Trophy. Rick closed the trophy case door and admired his new prize briefly before leaving the room. Somehow it was more embarrassing with him not there. With no one to admire her, she felt exactly like a trophy. There's a brief moment of pride as the owner looks on at what he won, but once that passed, its on to the next goal. Rick pursued her for so long that she expected more, but it was a means to an end. He would go on with his career and she was relegated to just another notch on his belt. He won and there was nothing she could do about it.
Kara realized why it had to be in his man cave. He knew she derived pleasure from other people watching her. But being isolated meant only he had that opportunity. She would only derive pleasure from him watching. When he wasn't there, the pleasure was from being an object. Being a trophy. If this repeated itself day after day, her mind would start associating that feeling of being an object as the most pleasurable experience. She would crave it.
The frozen bliss soon took over and the pleasure began. Kara stood tall and proud. She was a trophy now. It felt good for her mind to finally accept it. She thought she wanted a career, to make her way in the world, but truthfully, she wanted to be put in her place. In the back of her mind, that's why she accepted the bet. Because it was a win win. If she won, she'd get revenge on Rick, and if she lost, she would be 'forced' to become an object. The added bonus of being a literal trophy was overwhelmingly mind numbing as her outward smile matched her internal state.
***
Melissa grabbed the felt marker from the basket of markers. Lately with all the stuff going on, her shifts had become increasingly annoying. Every guy at the tables she served thought they had a shot with her. A few of them might have, but they always did something that completely turned her off. It was becoming exhausting, especially scrubbing the swear words and dick pictures off at the end of her shift.
Brett approached her casually.
"Hey Mel. Private table 1 is requesting you as a server."
"Who is it?"
"Selma and her friends."
Melissa smiled. Finally a a few hours off from entertaining the stupid male ego. Before Brett could turn around, Melissa slapped him hard across the face.
"Just one slap." Melissa smiled and walked away.
The conversation with Legend ran through her mind, replaying over and over again. The way he spoke was as if he was familiar with her. Not just from sleeping with her, but seeing her on display and even having her as a waitress. Melissa had a fairly good facial recall, and none of her ex-lovers were ever served by her and from what she could recollect through the waves of pleasure, none of them showed up to look at her in Selma's display. Anything he said was suspect which meant all of it could be true or all of it could be bullshit.
She opened the private room door and walked into a rowdy group of females with drinks covering the table. The guest Decor were extremely out of the norm even for a restaurant like Decor. Several couples were frozen mid fuck and spaced evenly throughout the display cases. One couple was doing missionary, another doggy. One display even had a woman frozen mid orgasm with her tits squished against the window and her mouth open ready to scream in pleasure. Her best guess was the Selma offered them an absurd amount of money to pose like that. She never took Selma as someone to exploit people. But then again after being her bitch, anything was possible from someone rich and famous.
"Melisssa!" Selma screamed across the room.
Selma's slurring told her all she needed to know. Then came the smell to confirm it. Melissa didn't bother matching her enthusiasm and waved as she approached.
"Everyone, this is my bitch Melissa." Selma said.
Selma's voice reminded Melissa of her high school days where popular sluts didn't know how to handle their liquor. Once their senses where gone, out came that voice. Annoying and dumb with a hint of entitlement. Being called Selma's bitch wasn't a good sign either. It was shaping up to be the same shit as every other night.
"Hello everyone, I'm Melissa, I'll be your waitress this evening." Melissa reluctantly placed the marker on the table. "Feel free to write anything you want on me. My body is your canvas"
The opening line always felt like a death sentence. Vandalism was tempting enough. Vandalizing a naked, hot server wasn't even a question. Selma pulled herself up and staggered over to Melissa, hugging her tight more for balance than happiness at seeing her.
"This is my bitch right here!" Selma slurred.
She grabbed the marker from the table and wrote Bitch on Melissa's forehead. Melissa wanted to slap her across the face, but pissing off one of the richest girls in the world wasn't something she wanted to deal with after. Especially while intoxicated.
"Everyone call her Selma's bitch." Selma said.
She looked back at Melissa. "Reintroduce yourself."
The last thing Melissa wanted was an annoying customer. Now she had the worst kind of customer, one without repercussions.
"Hello everyone, I'm Selma's Bitch, I'll be your waitress this evening." Melissa said.
Selma laughed so hard, she fell to the floor. The rest of her friends were barely holding it together at the table.
"What's your name?" one girl asked.
Melissa sighed internally. "My name is Selma's Bitch."
Melissa wanted to quit on the spot. She remembered the kind-hearted down-to-earth Selma from the hotel room and wondered if it was all an act. Ever since their display together, she was a terrible person. People always told both kinds of stories, and as it turns out, both were true. She was the nicest absolute bitch Melissa ever met.
Selma lifted herself up.
"We actually didn't really want you as a waitress." Selma said.
"Oh, well I can go wait at another..." Melissa was cut off mid-sentence.
She couldn't move. Selma somehow had free access to a camera without staff's supervision. The rich always played by their own rules.
"We really just wanted a toy." Selma whispered in her ear.
Before she knew it, Melissa was standing naked in front of a celebrity and all her power hungry friends. A box of sex toys was pulled from under the table which included dildos, wands, vibrators and strap-ons among many other BDSM related items. Melissa tried desperately to move, to resist the freeze, but she had no control over her body anymore. The silver lining was that it was all women and not men, so although the psychological humiliation would be more than enough, there wouldn't be any consequences beyond that.
Two of Selma's friends got up and bent Melissa over the table. Selma walked up behind her with the strap on tightly around her waist while stroking the large fake cock. She guided it to the target and began fucking relentlessly. Melissa was overwhelmed with pleasure as the cock and speed were hitting just the right buttons. Doggy style had always been her favorite and Selma was now using it to hammer home that Melissa was just her bitch.
Melissa was the center of attention now for all Selma's friends. She felt a butt plug stretching her asshole as it was wiggled in and the fine tips of markers on her body as she was reluctantly drawn on. Another strap on appeared in front of her and was forced down her throat as she bounced back and forth between the two.
After Selma was done fucking her, Melissa was turned around and placed on the table. Selma resumed her assault on Melissa's pussy, this time both making eye contact. Her cute face hiding a sinister persona. The more she was fucked and humiliated, the more Melissa knew she would get revenge. She was tired of being frozen and taken advantage of. The device people found so much pleasure in brought her so many issues. She felt the pleasure too and she couldn't deny its power. When she inevitable orgasmed, it would be unlike any orgasm she felt before. But since the frozen display she hadn't craved the feeling again. Did that mean she was one of the few that couldn't be addicted? Melissa felt the sensitive touch of wet lips on her nipples, bring her focus back to the pop star and her friends. Her only hope was that they get too drunk to function and moved on to the next thing that caught their attention. But for now, she accepted her fate as a sex toy. As Selma's Bitch.
***
It had been a few hours of standing in darkness before the lights came back on. If it weren't for the relentless pleasure, Kara would have probably fell asleep. Her mouth still formed the perfect smile as the perfect trophy. Rick entered the room followed by Jenny. She gasped at the sight of her sister on display.
"Oh my God. She actually looks really good." Jenny said.
"I told you I was keeping it professional." Rick said. "She's the perfect trophy."
Rick's compliments always felt like backhand insults. After the night on display, she decided to accept them at face value. He thought she was attractive enough to pursue displaying. He wasn't trying to impress her or get in her pants. That was never his intention and despite the night at Decor, nothing he had done since had come close to that. If it did, Jenny likely wouldn't be around him much longer. She never got a chance to talk to her sister, but she knew deep down that if Rick ever slipped up it was game over for them.
Rick grabbed Jenny from behind and kissed her neck. Jenny laughed and lightly pushed him away.
"Stop, Rick."
But Rick pursued. Gently. His right hand rubbed her pussy through her thin yoga pants as his left hand worked her sensitive right nipple.
"I'll stop, when your body stops." Rick whispered.
He kissed her again on the neck and worked his way to her lips as she turned her head. All Kara could do was smile and watch. Rick pulled Jenny's shirt off revealing her large chest contained by her red bra. Kara swore Jenny grew sizes every time she saw her. Jenny pulled away slightly.
"Let's go to your room." Jenny said.
Rick looked up at Kara then smirked at Jenny.
"It's just me and you here."
Jenny made a face. Rick kissed it.
"I'm going to keep going. You let me know if you want to stop."
Rick sunk to his knees and pulled down Jenny's pants and panties in one tug. His fingers and mouth went to work. The pleasure was too much to just stop. She looked up at her smiling trophy sister while Rick ate her out. Kara's pleasure was increasing proportionally to Jenny's it seemed. She never wanted to watch Jenny and Rick have sex, but as his trophy, she didn't have a choice. He set it up like this on purpose. It was too risky having sex in his office with other Decor statues, but at home, there was no risk at all. Jenny of course had no idea, but Kara could tell from her facial expression that she was also approaching her own state of bliss.
Rick stood up and bent Jenny over. He pulled his rock hard cock out and gently entered Jenny. He looked up at her as he fucked her sister from behind.
"Look at the trophy's panties, they're soaked." Rick said.
The wet panties clung to her body. The rush of many emotions going through her mind. The man she hated was fucking her sister while she smiled and watched because she was now that man's trophy. His property. There was nothing she could do to Rick to top this humiliating scenario. Jenny moaned in pleasure as Rick increased the tempo.
***
Jenny put her hand on the glass to stabilize her body from the thunderous thrusts. She couldn't help but look up at her frozen golden sister who stared ahead smiling without a care in the world. Jenny was always jealous of her sister's natural body and good looks. To see her on display in this context was highly enjoyable and added a psychological pleasure Jenny had never experienced before. For all the fuss she made about wanting to be Decor, Rick had finally put her in her place. And the display was perfect. Her sister shined as a gold trophy, a prize any man would want to own.
Rick wasn't done yet. He slapped her hard on the ass. She loved it when Rick got rough.
"Beg me to fuck you harder." Rick said.
Jenny bit her lip. She was a sucker for dirty talk too. Another slap on the ass. The shock wave vibrating her tits.
"Come on you dirty little slut." Rick egged her on.
"Fuck me hard, Rick. Fuck your little slut." Jenny said through her moans.
Rick grabbed a handful of Jenny's hair, the pain drowned out by pleasure, and tilted her head so she stared at Kara.
"You see what I did to your sister. She's my property now. Just a dumb trophy showing everyone I'm the man." Rick said. "Tell me what you see in front of you."
Jenny hesitated. Rick slapped her ass with force.
"Tell me."
"I see a dumb trophy."
It was the truth. Witnessing Kara in this state, relegated as an object by her boyfriend was the hottest thing she'd ever seen. Having her fuck him in front of her, although awkward at first, only made things more hot. How could they ever have sex again that would be as taboo and pleasurable as this. She'd always want to fuck in front of Rick's new prize.
She wondered what was going through Kara's mind. To see her sister being fucked by the man she hated while she happily stared at nothing. Her pussy was practically dripping around the damp thong.
"Tell me Kara is a dumb slut and deserves to be my prize." Rick said.
Jenny was fully complacent now. Like the puppeteers hands controlling the puppet, his cock and masterful thrusts had finally taken control of her.
"Kara is a dumb slut and she deserves to be your prize."
Jenny didn't disagree with anything Rick was saying. After Kara blew up on her over something she didn't do, she did deserve this fate.
"Again."
"Kara is a dumb slut and she deserves to be your prize." Jenny said between moans.
She felt the thrusts slowing down. Although Rick likely wanted more, even he had his pleasure point and hearing Jenny call her sister a dumb slut while looking at both, was probably it. She felt a little trickle down her pussy as Rick pulled out. He quickly forced her on her knees, aimed and blew a load all over her face. Her mouth opened instinctively as his cocked entered for a final cleaning. Rick fucked her mouth for a few minutes and then pulled out. He stepped back and took a picture of Jenny on her knees covered in cum with Kara standing proudly behind her.
Jenny got up with a satisfied grin. Rick walked over and held her tight as they stared at Kara.
"You think she enjoyed it?" Jenny said.
Rick pointed to the puddle below her legs. "Slut is getting off on it."
"You ever going to put me on display in here."
Rick shook his head. "You're the best part of my day."
Jenny blushed. She kissed him softly on the lips and then looked back up at her sister.
"And is she the best part of your night?"
Rick put his hands on his hips and stared at Kara with pride.
"Don't take this the wrong way, but your sister's hot too. Can't stand her attitude, but there's no denying she's beautiful. With her own display, I'm taking the best part and showcasing that. No one cares what she thinks, we just want to look at her."
"Then why put her here."
"Because I won her. And whatever I win goes in that case." Rick said. "Now we can stand here all day admiring your sister, or we can go grab a snack."
Jenny took one last look at her sister. She only had herself to blame for becoming a trophy. They left the room and turned the light off, again leaving Kara in the dark.
***
Bill creaked open the door and turned the lights on in the private room. The bodies that were on display were gone and on the table was evidence of a chaotic girls night out. With a butt plug in her mouth and many curse words and crude drawings covering her body, Bill found Melissa in the corner of the room. After Selma and her girlfriends were done playing with her, she was placed in the sex toys box along with the other sex toys and remained frozen. For the two hours since they left, she was just another sex toy sitting where she belonged.
Bill pulled the plug from her mouth and unfroze her. Melissa looked up at him with mixed emotions of anger and humiliation. He helped her out of the box, took his coat off and put it around her. They sat down at a nearby table.
"I'll do it." Bill said. "I'll tell Mr. Lawson everything. And you don't have to sign that contract, in fact I advise against it."
Melissa rested her head on Bill's shoulder and he wrapped his arms around to comfort her.
"I'm so sorry this keeps happening." Bill said.
Melissa was never one for revenge. But over the past few months, her experience of unwillingly playing the victim had expanded her view. This would be the last time she found herself in a compromising position. And Selma was going to get what was coming to her. Two can play the freeze game.
"I'll sign the contract. You were right, we need to keep everything in place." Melissa said.
"You don't have to..."
"It's fine. I don't want to talk about it anymore."
But she did want to think about it. If any of her plans were to work, she needed a camera. She needed to find Legend. Now there was incentive to start digging deep. Legend would be proud.
***
Kara's first break as a human trophy finally came. Except it wasn't Rick there to unfreeze her, it was Jenny. She opened the trophy case door with the camera in hand.
"Before I unfreeze you, I just wanted to let you know that I didn't sabotage your party. The cards were put in my hand after I was frozen."
Jenny aimed the camera and unfroze her sister. Kara blinked a few times before taking note of her surroundings below. Somehow the freezing never lead to discomfort despite 99% of the women wearing 3 inch heels or higher. In fact Kara felt the opposite. Refreshed and energized. She stepped down from her post and stood in front of Jenny with her arms crossed. The feeling and sound of all the jewelry when she moved still made her feel like a whore.
"So then who put the cards in your hand?"
"Paul."
"You understand what you're implying here, right?"
Jenny nodded.
"And did you ask Rick about it?"
"He won't tell me anything business related." Jenny said. "I think you need to talk to Paul if you really want to know the truth."
Jenny never lied to Kara about issues between them. She was right, Paul would be the only one with the answers she was seeking.
"So are we cool?" Jenny asked.
"Why Rick? Of all the guys, why him?"
Jenny led Kara to the couch and they sat down.
"I've never told anyone this, but a year ago I went to a college party with Macy. We didn't know too many people to begin with, so when she started chatting it up with a guy, I was kind of just there by myself. After about 30 minutes I started to feel drunk, like really drunk. But I knew I hadn't drank much."
"You know not to let your drink out of your sight."
"I didn't. It must have been a hell of trick because it was in my hand in front of me the entire time."
"So what happened." Kara asked.
"Well I clued into what was likely happening and I could see all the guys leering at me. I knew my time was running out, so I texted Rick 'Help' with the house address."
"Why Rick?"
"He was the most recent contact." Jenny said. "So I started fading in and out. A few guys approached me and I thought that was going to be it. They had me right where they wanted me. Then Rick showed up. Turns out he was at his friends house nearby. About 5 men ran in with him and they pulled the guys off of me just as they got my shirt off."
"Rick saved you?"
"He carried me out to his car..."
"And how do you know he didn't do anything..."
"And brought me to the hospital. He was there when I woke up."
"How come Mom and I never heard about this?"
"Because it's embarrassing. Do you want mom to know about Decor? Heck I only know about because I saw it."
"I'm glad he saved you, but he also put me in that exact same position." Kara said. "And I was used like a dirty whore."
"I know. And I had no interest in him. But being with him everyday. It just kind of happened." Jenny stared at the ground disappointed. "You have every right to hate him, but I just... can't."
It was a tough position to be in for Jenny, but Kara appreciated her sister's honesty. Jenny loved them both and didn't want to choose. And Kara didn't want to make her. She hugged Jenny.
"I didn't know you talked dirty." Kara said with a smile.
Jenny blushed. "I'm sorry. We shouldn't have done that, but it was so... fucking hot. I mean you looked gorgeous up there."
"Well if there's a silver lining to Rick, he knows how to present my best image."
Kara's stomach gargled.
"You want to go raid the kitchen?"
Jenny smiled and led the way.
***
"Is that everything?" Mr. Lawson said standing behind his desk, staring out the window.
"Yes, that pretty much covers it." Bill said.
Melissa wasn't sure how he would take it. She never really met Mr. Lawson, but from what she had heard, he was more likely to keep his anger in check than to lash out. True to form, Mr. Lawson sat down calmly
"There's just one problem with your story." Mr. Lawson said. "No cameras at Decor had the unaware function."
"So then what did Legend use on me." Melissa said.
"Full transparency. I had the unaware devices destroyed. Except in the process the head of R&D noticed one was missing." Mr. Lawson said.
"Stolen from here, how?" Bill asked.
"Someone who knew how to social engineer their way into a company. And judging by Legend's proclivity for theft, it sounds you like you found my suspect."
"If Legend didn't steal our camera, then who did?" Melissa asked.
Mr. Lawson put his hands in the air.
"But you better find out, because that type of technology in the wrong hands." Mr. Lawson looked at the innocent blond Katerina behind him. "Could really hurt some people."
"We will do whatever we can to find it, Mr. Lawson. I promise" Bill said.
"Good. Now can you give a moment alone with Melissa. There's something I want to talk about." Mr. Lawson said.
Melissa wasn't expecting a personal chat with the head of Decor. Was she getting fired? Bill was also caught off guard. He looked at Melissa like a father watching over his daughter. With all the secrets shared a few minutes prior, it seemed silly to have any doubt. But Mr. Lawson had plenty more secrets. Melissa knew that much. Bill patted her on the shoulder and walked out of the office.
***
The dress hugged her body perfectly leaving just enough cleavage to arouse interest. Being the head of Winter's Women meant she now had access to one of the world's largest wardrobes for free. Cali was right. She needed to work on her persona before she revealed it to the world. The things she wanted to share and the secrets she wanted to keep hidden. Ashley was an outgoing model citizen. There wasn't much mystery or aura to her, just a beautiful women with beautiful designs. Although even that was suspect. When Samantha first started she heard rumors that Ashley stole the designs of the dresses that wound up making her first real mark on the fashion world. Everyone in the company dismissed it outright, but the fact it was still lingering around made her wonder of its origins.
Samantha wasn't trying to be the next Ashley. She was going to be the first Samantha. The jewelry and heels complimented her outfit well. But the look was the easy part. Coming up with a way to act, speak and move, much like an actor preparing for their big role, that was the hard part. And would that persona become a permanent part of her?
"Wow, what's the occasion?" a voice said from behind.
Samantha smiled and turned around to great her fiance, Michael.
"I'm CEO now, thought I would start looking the part."
Michael grabbed her arm and twirled her around.
"Well I approve." He said and kissed her.
"You're home early, how was your day?" Samantha asked.
"Good. Same old."
"And how's Mr. Lawson?" Samantha asked.
She had never met Michael's boss, but after Lawson Corporation teamed up with Sexie and Ashley despite still having a contract with Winter's Women, it left a bitter taste in her mouth. Certainly not a man with integrity.
"Same as always, stoic and silent."
"Any bits of gossip you can give me?"
"You know I can't, honey."
Michael grabbed her and threw her gently on the bed.
"But there's something else I can give you."
He ripped his shirt off and went down. Samantha bit her lip and leaned back with pleasure.
***
Rick tapped his foot excessively with his phone to his ear. After a few minutes, he returned it to his pocket and joined Cali at the store's front desk.
"Who were you calling?"
"My girlfriend. She's not picking up."
"How's it feel being on the other end?" Cali said with a laugh. "Maybe she's the one cheating on you."
"First off, she's not like that and second, I just fucked her in front of her sister. No guy is topping that." Rick said nonchalantly.
"You what..."
"Can we just get on with this." Rick said.
Cali grabbed her clipboard and signaled him to follow. On five pedestals were models sporting the new bikini line for Sexie. Rick started at the first one and did a walk around enjoying the view from all angles.
"You ever think of taking up the podium?" Rick said.
"I prefer running this store, thank you very much."
"We were getting a lot of compliments at the show about the babe out front."
"I'm an entrepreneur, Rick. Not a model."
"Sure look like a model."
"And you look like an asshole."
Rick took a step back and looked at all five models frozen on their pedestals. Cali could sense he wasn't there to inspect models. He was there to recruit one more.
"You're pretty shitty on the business pitch front, Rick."
"We need someone to display the newest outfits for every new clothing campaign. Can you imagine the buzz it would cause to have the store owner wearing it?"
"And what about my relations with Winter's Women. What does that say to them?"
"Winter's Women is not going to recover, sooner or later the roof is going to collapse on them without their leader."
"I wouldn't write of Winter's Women just yet. I have faith Samantha will turn it around."
Rick's watch vibrated and he checked his phone again. He put it back in his pocket disgruntled.
"I told you, she's probably cheating." Cali said. "Karma's a bitch"
"You know for someone who resents cheating, you sure know how to pick your company."
"Not my fault I have to work with you."
"I'm talking about your friends." Rick said.
"They're all single. Except Samantha."
"My cousin may be single, but she's certainly wedging herself in another relationship."
"She said she was swinging the other way."
"That's still cheating. And Samantha, now there's a grade A liar."
"No way." Cali said. "She loves Michael."
"People don't cheat because they fall out of love. It's a spontaneous thing." Rick said.
"That's you're excuse, it was spontaneous."
"No. I actually never really loved you to begin with." Rick said. "You just had a rocking bod."
Cali slapped him across the face. "We're done for today. Get out of my store."
Rick wiped his face with a smile. "You ever wonder how Ashley got sent to Roman."
"They said it was a delivery mix-up."
"Of course they're going to say that." Rick said. "But what they didn't say was who the delivery man was."
Rick pulled up a photo on his phone and showed Cali. Her mouth dropped in shock. It was Samantha with another man. She wasn't even married yet and she was already cheating on Michael. Rick put his phone away.
"Where did you get that?" Cali asked.
"I have my sources." Rick said. "And like I said, Winter's Women's shelf life is running out."
He handed her an envelope, which had various pictures of outfits.
"Those are the new outfits we need a top model for." Rick said. "If you find one or change your mind, give me a call."
Rick left the store. The outfits were absolutely gorgeous. Cali liked being on display, but she also wanted to be taken seriously like Ashley and Samantha. If she relegated herself to a prop, what good what that do for her business. She recalled the night at the show and remembered all the looks and pictures being taken. Everyone stopped to take a peak at her perfect body. She could attract so much traffic by taking her clothes off which meant more sales. If it wasn't with Rick she might have tried it out, but working for him made things complicated. It felt dirty letting him use her like an object after being treated so poorly before. She stared at the pictures contemplating what to do.
***
"Absolutely brilliant." Roman said.
Ashley Winters stood frozen in the main display in the center of Sexie's lobby. Wearing the skimpy green bikini and thong. Her hands were placed in fake chains, with her left hand still locked above her head and the right hand, broken free. The marketing slogan was 'Let your Sexieness break through.' Which was prominently written on all four sides. The final touch was the word SEXIE stenciled all over Ashley's body in black marker. She was the perfect display and Roman couldn't believe she agreed to it. He had fully expected her to tell him to shove it up his derriere. But revenge never did come cheap.
"Mr. Fawkes."
Roman turned around and saw the new model he hired for his upcoming launch of Sexie men apparel. His chiseled jawline and soft eyes were all Roman needed to see to know he made the right decision.
"Casper." Roman checked his watch. "30 minutes early. Someone's a real go-getter."
"I like to get things done, Mr.Fawkes." He looked past Roman at the display. "Is that Ms. Winters?"
Roman grinned with pride. "Isn't she beautiful?"
Casper nodded. "Certainly sends the message."
"And what message is that?"
Casper paused as if to hold back his words, but he let it go anyway. "Don't fuck with Sexie."
"Is that so?"
"Look we both know she's better for her knowledge, not stuck in some display box." Casper said. "It just looks... personal."
"I hired you for your looks not your advice."
"I'm afraid I come with both."
Roman turned his full attention to Casper. From what he heard from his hiring team, Casper was the perfect candidate. Roman saw the picture and approved the hire immediately. He wasn't expecting a straight shooter.
"What do you hope to accomplish coming in here guns ablazing telling me how to run my company?"
Casper's smile crept up. Roman never fancied himself for lads, but Casper's charm was apparent in everything he did.
"You hired me to be the face of Sexie men Apparel. I thought you would appreciate knowing I can handle myself in front of the vultures that are the media." Casper said. "And looking at this display, someone's going to make that a story. I can guarantee that."
"Walk with me." Roman said.
The two men headed for the elevator.
***
Kara hung up the phone. No answer from Paul again. With her new shift times, catching Paul at home was hard to do and she didn't want to confront him over the phone. It would have to wait until the weekend. Kara walked through the usual maze of a house the Lawson's owned. Every employee stared at her as the noise of the jewelry signaled that the hot, barely dressed whore was coming. Down the stairs and into the man cave, she found Rick slumped against the glass drinking straight out of a bottle of rum.
"Rick?" Kara said. "You all right?"
Rick lifted himself up and moved towards Kara. She backed away until she saw fresh tears on his face.
"Kara." Rick said. "She's not picking up. I think something is wrong."
Kara had never in a million years thought she would see Rick cry. And now here he was tearing up like a little girl. The message finally cut through her hate for him.
"Jenny? Jenny won't pick up?"
Rick nodded. Kara pulled out her phone and called. It rung for several minutes and there was no answer. Although it was possible she was indeed busy, the girls had a pact that no matter what, they would always answer their phone if the other was calling. They knew communication was key in emergencies and if Jenny wasn't picking up, Rick might be right.
"When did you see her last?"
"She sent me a Snap on her walk. That's the last thing I got from her." Rick said.
Kara resisted the urge to cry. Nothing was certain yet and Rick could be overreacting. He moved in and hugged her. Kara remained frozen for a minute before hugging him back. She hated him. But he loved Jenny and she knew Jenny loved him. The tears were a testament to how much he cared for her and she appreciated that her little sister had that in a partner.
"We'll find her, Rick. I promise." Kara said.
***
Jenny's eyes snapped open. She couldn't move. She tried and tried, but it was futile. The familiar frozen pleasure started its work. She looked at her surroundings and saw a pink box with a clear view in front across from her. She could faintly make out the figure of another girl. Down below, the box was customized with the name 'Julia'.
Panic set in and disrupted the frozen pleasure. Jenny's eyes glanced down and she saw her two arms posed at the elbow with her fingertips pointed straight. Upon closer inspection, she was also in a box that had a clear front. The other sensations started to hit her. The caked on makeup and her big smile. The tug against her waste as if she was fastened. The heels and tight clothing. She knew exactly what she was supposed to be. Aqua's famous song blared over the speakers in her box as Jenny complacently listened. The frozen bliss took over again linking the feeling of pleasure to being a perfect new Barbie Doll.