At the movies
It was late January & as usual for summer in Oz it was hot. It was over 40 (+100 F) degrees on this particular Saturday. My wife Sandy suggested we go to the cinema and cool off in the AC there.
I said that sounded like a plan and went into the bedroom to put some clothes on. Sandy followed me in and pulled out a pair of running shorts and a T/shirt for me and a very tiny skirt and an almost invisibly sheer blouse for herself.
As I reached into my underwear drawer Sandy put her hand on mine saying, "It's too hot for that," and proceeded to put on her skirt and blouse covering her previously naked body. I quickly dressed as she had suggested and grabbing the car keys I headed for the door. Sandy picked up a small clutch purse, pulled the door shut and joined me in the car for the short trip to the cinema.
At this point I should point out that we are both 49 years old. We both have been married before and have been married to each other for15 years and enjoy an active sex life. Sandy is still a very attractive lady standing 5' 4" tall. She wears a size 12 dress with still perky C cup boobs. We have shared many of our sexual fantasies whilst making love but never strayed outside our marriage.
We arrived at the cinema about 15 minutes later and quickly found a space in the multi level undercover carpark well away from the lifts. I guessed that Sandy was intending to play some kind of sexy game with me and I was beginning to get hard at the thought. However, before I could reach over to kiss her she was out the car door and standing there waiting for me. I locked the car and gave her the keys to put in her purse. Grabbing her hand we proceeded into the foyer of the cinema and looked at the listings of what was showing in the various screens. Sandy picked a Chick Flic and went to purchase the tickets.
There was about 40 minutes until the film started and Sandy led the way into the bar area in the complex saying, "I need a cool drink before we go anywhere."
I found us a booth and Sandy went to the bar and brought back a couple of cold beers. As I was sitting at the end seat of the booth Sandy told me to slide over so as she could sit down. I moved across and she sat on the end seat. The dress she was wearing rose up her legs and if anyone was looking I'm sure they would be able to see she was not wearing knickers.
We quickly finished our first drink and Sandy went to get us a refill.
As she is not a big drinker I was a little shocked to see that Sandy returned with a pitcher of beer saying we had better drink it fast as she did not want to miss any of the movie.
We finished the beer and when Sandy stood to go I couldn't help but notice she was tipsy from the alcohol. She grabbed my hand and led me into the cinema. She took me to the back row, pushing me into the seat second in from the isle and took the isle seat for herself.
The film started about 5 minutes after we had seated and 2 minutes later she had her hand inside of the leg of my running shorts gently playing with my cock.
Moments later Sandy took my hand and placed it under her skirt, onto her very wet pussy. Never had I felt her so wet without lots of foreplay. I started to rub my fingers along her lips and in just a few strokes 2 fingers slipped into her vagina. She let out a small gasp as I started to finger fuck her. The noise attracted a glance from the young woman sitting across the isle and in the row next to us. She was sitting with a young man and I noticed her whisper something in his ear.
They then both turned and looked in our direction and smiled at us when they saw what we were doing. The young man then put his arm around the girls shoulder and I could see from my vantage point that he had a hand on her right boob. When Sandy saw this she took her hand off of my cock and pulled at the waist band of my shorts and started to pull them down.
I lifted my bum off the seat to help her get them down. She bent down and began to give me a blowjob.
Sandy is an excellent cock sucker, the best I've ever had suck me off. When Sandy took my cock in her mouth I had to abandon my ministrations on her pussy as I could no longer reach it. I took this opportunity to attempt to remove her blouse. Not with much success I must say. However, she wasted no time in undoing the buttons herself and she just let her boobs fall free of their confines.
I let out a small groan and the young couple looked over again. When they saw what was happening they twisted toward us in their seats. While continuing to watch us they had started to fondle each other. The next time I looked over at them, she was moving her hips around and gave out a little moan. I knew immediately that her young man was playing with her cunt.
Sandy was still busy with her oral ministrations on my cock and I was enjoying her work. The young woman was watching us intently and I took the opportunity while Sandy had her head buried in my lap to wave the young couple over to join us.
The girl whispered something to her partner, then stood up adjusting her dress and moved over toward us. She tapped Sandy on the shoulder and asked her if she could pass. Sandy almost bit my cock off at that point but regained her seat and let the girl pass. The girl took the seat next to me and directed her boyfriend to sit next to Sandy, which he did. Introductions where then quickly made. Tony and Gail turned out to be 27 & 23 respectively. Gail asked Sandy if would mind if she took over sucking my cock to which Sandy replied as long as she could do likewise to Tony.
For the 3rd time in a matter of 2 hours Sandy shocked me. Although we had discussed this in our fantasy talk, never did we even hint at doing anything like it in real life.
Suddenly I was brought back to reality with a jolt. This new mouth felt like nothing I had ever experienced. Gail had me in raptures as she sucked and licked my cock. What was she? Where did such a young girl learn these skills?
In only moments she had brought me to the point of no return. I was going to blow my bolt and I knew it was going to be big. I barely had time to warn her when my orgasm exploded and I emptied my nuts into her hungry mouth. It felt like I was never going to stop coming. It was the most powerful orgasm I had ever had. Gail gulped down every last drop and continued to suck on my cock. Somehow, her oral endeavors were able to keep me hard as a rock.
Seeing this, Gail quickly got up, lifted her dress, then sat on my lap; guiding my cock into her tight pussy. She bounced up and down on my cock sinking it deeper into her with every downward fall.
I looked briefly over at Sandy and at that moment Tony said he was also about to cum. Sandy pulled her mouth away from his cock and continued to stroke him as he started to cum, catching it on her face and the last couple of spurts on her lovely tits. Sandy then decided that it was my turn to taste another mans cum and kissed me deeply.
Never having tasted another mans cum before, I was taken by surprise. Even more so when I found that I liked it. With Gail still fucking my cock I cleaned every drop of cum from off of my beautiful wife's face and tits. As I licked the last of it from her body, we were confronted by the usher who asked us to leave the cinema as our behavior was unacceptable in what was a family venue.
As Gail dismounted me Sandy suggested that we invite them to adjourn to our house and continue things there. Gail thought that was an excellent idea and Tony did too. I pulled my shorts back on and the girls adjusted their clothing as did Tony.
We left the cinema laughing at being caught in such a public place. As we passed the usher Gail asked her if she wanted to join us as she thought she looked quite hot. The usher said she was sorry as she still had 2 hours of her shift left but if we gave her the address she may join us when she finished work. Sandy said that we could maybe do that some other time but thanked her all the same for her offer.
Tony & Gail had parked in the same car park as we did and Sandy suggested they would follow us to our house. As we did not know each others cars Gail suggested that she accompany me and Sandy show Tony the way. A suggestion that Sandy enthusiastically took up. Sandy gave me the keys and giving me a kiss went with Tony to his car. When I arrived home with Gail we saw that Sandy & Tony were standing at the door waiting for us. I parked the car in the carport and unlocked the door. Sandy and Gail rushed into the house and left Tony and me to follow.
I closed the front door turned around and was greeted by the sight of my wife standing in the lounge room naked at the drinks cabinet asking Tony what he and Gail would like to drink. Gail had already rushed to the bathroom to relieve herself. In less time than it takes to blink I was also out of my clothes and Tony was taking his off as well. By the time Gail joined us in the lounge Sandy had poured us drinks. Gail wasted no time in removing her clothes when she saw that we were all nude.
It was only then that I noticed why Sandy had wanted to show Tony the way to our place. He had one of the biggest cocks I had ever seen. It must have been 8 inches long flaccid and really thick too. My own cock is very average at 6 inches fully hard.
We all took our drinks and sat on the lounges. Gail sat between Sandy and me and Tony sat next to Sandy. As soon as we were seated Gail took hold of my cock and slowly started to stroke me as Sandy and Tony were passionately kissing. After a minute or two of this Gail let go of my cock and moved off the lounge and knelt in front of Sandy pulling her legs apart and diving into her sweet pussy.
Sandy was taken completely by surprise at this as she had never before had a woman go down on her. Tony's response to this was "that's my girl". Then he suggested that since Gail was on her hands and knees I should fuck her from behind while she ate Sandy. An offer I could not refuse. As this was happening Sandy took Tony in hand and began to slowly wank him to full hardness.
Soon we were all building up to another orgasm. Sandy was the first to get there thanks to Gail's tongue lashing. Gail was next and nanoseconds later I came with almost as much force as I did in the cinema. The scent of sex was everywhere and moments later Tony shot a huge load over Sandy's lower abdomen and Gail's face. We sat back on the lounge to recover for a few minutes then I got up to refresh the drinks. Once we had regained our composure Sandy suggested we move to the bedroom and get down to the business of fucking. Again, how could we refuse an offer like that?
Once in the bedroom Sandy told us that she wanted both Gail and me to sit on the chair and watch as she needed to get as much of Tony's monster up her as she could take. Tony was only too happy to help out with this. Gail said she also wanted to fuck and lay on the bed next to Sandy saying there was enough room for us all.
I was intent on tasting her pussy juice so before fucking her again I set about giving her a good licking. Tony meanwhile had started to push his monster cock into Sandy as she groaned with both pleasure and a little pain. It took a little while before he could get more than the first few inches into Sandy's cunt but he eventually got most of it in and began to fuck her gently.
From my position between Gail's legs I had a birds eye view of Sandy's stretched out cunt as that huge cock plunged into her. Gail interrupted this view when she demanded that I stop watching them and get on with the job at hand and either continue eating her or get on with fucking her. My cock won the internal conflict between it and my tongue and so once again my cock entered her cunt. I pounded her pussy for 10 minutes when Gail wanted to change positions.
This time as she got on her hands and knees she asked me to fuck her ass. She liked that with her previous boyfriends but Tony was too big for her to take up her ass. I was only too pleased to oblige her and as we both heard Sandy & Tony reach their orgasms it was too much for us and we came soon after.
As the 4 of us lay there panting Sandy said she would like to engage me in a 69 while Tony fucked her from behind. I was not too sure about this as it would put my face too close to a cock and I am not gay. Gail then asked me if I had ever been sucked of by 2 women at the same time and when I said no both women said that this was the only way it would happen.
The idea of both women giving me a blow job at the same time led me to agree to Sandy's suggestion. As I lay on my back Sandy lowered her cunt around my mouth and she sucked my cock into her mouth as deep as it had ever been. Gail lay next to me and the 2 girls alternated between them sucking me off.
Then the moment of truth came for me when Tony began to insert his monster into Sandy's slippery wet pussy again. In what seemed like almost no time, Sandy started to cum and when she did it was like a dam had burst. She gushed everywhere. Sandy had never before squirted like she did this time.
Then it was Tony's turn to cum and I got the taste of both him and my sweet wife. It was too much for me and I shouted that I was coming. I shot my load over both women's faces and when I got out from under Sandy; Tony was eagerly cleaning both of them up. What an incredible turn on the sight that was.
When we had all recovered Tony said that he and Gail should call a taxi and go back to their hotel as they had a plane to catch early in the morning. Because we have a very large 4 head shower we all showered together to clean up. When we had dried off we went down stairs and I called a taxi while Tony and Gail dressed. Before the taxi arrived we exchanged phone numbers and addresses promising to catch up again.
What a day and night! What a surprise introduction to swinging!
Later that night as we lay in bed talking Sandy said that next time we should explore our sexuality even more and try it with a couple that are bisexual.
I'm not so sure but I told her she can do it with a woman if I can watch to which she replied that would only happen if I also let her watch me with a guy. I may never get to watch Sandy with a woman but then they do say NEVER SAY NEVER.