I arrive at the beach. I take the 20-minute walk to the nudist area. Everything I need is in my rucksack. Lotion, water, cock ring, it's all there. I remove my clothes. It feels great to be naked outside. The sun and the gentle breeze feel amazing on my cock and balls. I feel blood rushing towards my crotch and my dick begins to swell.
I set off further into the nudist area, penis bouncing in front of me. The sun feels amazing on my naked body. This part of the beach is deserted, so I head up into the dunes.
You see me coming from a distance, hidden away slightly in the dunes. You see my erection. I do not know you are there yet. You feel a bit excited. Your genitals begin to tingle. You spread your legs so everything is on show as I get closer. You can feel your heart pounding in your chest as I get closer.
I see you. My cock twitches slightly. I walk closer. You greet me with a smile as I get within range. I see you stare at my hard dick. My cock twitches again. I look at you, exhibiting yourself to me like that, your arousal very obvious.
You beckon me to lay out my towel nearby. I lay down my towel. I bend over to get my stuff out of my bag, giving you a clear view of my arse and my hanging ball sack. You feel a tremble of excitement. I sit down. My erection sticking up in plain sight for you to see.
I get my cock ring and lotion out of my bag. I pretend to not notice you staring, but I love it. I begin to rub lotion onto my body, paying special attention to my raging hard on and balls. Intake long, slow strokes, making sure to get everywhere.
You keep watching me, rubbing the lotion in. You really want to touch yourself but don't want to start too soon.
I get my cock ring and stretch it around my swollen cock. I get my balls through as well. I am so hard now. My foreskin retracts, exposing the tip of my cock to you. I lay back I the sun with my erection sticking straight up, emphasised by the little ring of rubber that was now stretched around the base of my cock and balls.
You can't help yourself any longer. You think I'm asleep and your hand goes straight for your crotch. The first touch sends a wave of excitement through you and you tremble. You touch yourself as discreetly as possibly to the sight of my wanton exhibitionism. I know you're doing it. I enjoy knowing that I have got you so turned on you can't control yourself. It keeps me hard.
I decide to get up. You stop touching yourself in shock when you see me sit up. Your mind races. Am I annoyed? What will I say? I say nothing, but stand up and smile at you as I walk towards to sea. My cock is still solid. I cross the path of a clothed person on my way to the sea. My erection bounces with each step.
You have watched me go. The second I left, you resumed touching yourself. You saw me encounter the person with clothes on. It excited you. You bring yourself to an intense climax watching me swim, with thoughts of my raging hard cock floating around your head. You continue to display yourself ready for when I get back to my towel.
I start my way back to my towel after my brief swim. My cock still erect, I emerge from the sea and begin walking back. The fact I know you're still watching keeps me hard. Instead of heading back to my towel, I change direction slightly and come over to you.
My erect penis is eye level to you sitting on your towel. You reach out a hand towards my swollen member. My cock twitches as you touch it and I step closer. You grasp my oiled-up cock and begin gently massage my shaft. You continue to stroke my cock while pulling me closer to you. You lean down and start to kiss and lick my balls and the base of my cock.
Your tongue begins to explore more of my penis as you become more relaxed. Your tongue tickles the underside of my cock and then you take my cock head into your mouth and you begin to suck.
I don't think I have felt so hard before. You are a complete stranger and you are expertly sucking my cock. It takes a great deal of effort not to explode right then.
I motion for you to turn around on all fours and present yourself to me. You comply. You have never felt this horny before and you long to feel my dick inside you. I begin to rub your hole and you moan slightly. I position my cock at the entrance to your tight passage. I rub it up and down. I begin to push.
Slowly, my raging hard cock slips inside of you. I keep pushing until you feel full. You can feel yourself stretching to accommodate my cock. I begin to pull back slowly and then push forward again. And again. And again.
You love the sensation. My cock going in and out of you. In public, outside, where anyone could be watching. This excites you more and you ask me to go faster.
I continue pounding you, getting faster and faster. The sensations are building up in my cock. I feel my balls tighten and my cock tremble. I warn you that I am about to cum, but you don't care. You want it inside you. You feel my cock twitch one last time and then you can feel my cum erupting from the tip inside you. I keep pounding, using my cum for lube. I stay there with my cock inside you. I feel my erection start to subside slightly. I withdraw my cock from you with a wet sticky plop as my cum oozes out of your hole.
I turn you around and I spread your legs. I lower my face to your crotch and begin to kiss and lick your genitals. I continue, getting more intense. I feel the excitement build in you again. Your breathing quickens. I am a complete stranger whose cock you have sucked and who has just fucked you in full view of anyone. And now my face is buried in your crotch giving you oral.
You feel you orgasm building. Suddenly, you cum. My face is covered. I continue to lick and suck until you stop moving in post orgasmic bliss. You can't believe what has just happened, but you know that you loved every second of it.