Rachel called and asked if I wanted to come out and play, and I said sure, why not. We agreed to meet at the food court, so I sorted myself out and headed over there.
I walked from my place, and when I arrived, I saw her sitting there, on her own, with her back to me. She was wearing a short blue skirt and a white short sleeved blouse with pockets over her tits.
"Hi," I said, taking the seat across from her.
"Hi," she said back to me, smiling and leaning in. She took my right hand with her left hand, and put something in it with her right hand.
Looking down, I saw the remote control for her vibrator. I pushed one of the buttons, and looked at her face. Her eyes went slightly glassy, so I knew she had it inside her, and it was switched on. I pushed the button that turned it off.
"What panties are you wearing?" I asked.
By way of an answer, she lifted the hem of her skirt up. I couldn't see through the table, so I leaned forward, and then I could see up her skirt. She had her legs slightly apart, and I could just see the crotch of her white thong, and underneath it I could make out the fat hot pink wire sticking out from the vibrator inside her.
"Stay there," I said, getting up. "I'm going to get a soda - do you want one?"
"No," she said, "I'm good."
"Stay like that until I get back," I told her, and went to order a soda.
As I walked away, I turned the vibrator to the low setting. I wasn't sure of the range of the device, so I stood in line pressing buttons. I was too far away for it to work, but I could see her sitting there, looking at me a little nervously. She was still holding the hem of her skirt up.
When it was my turn to order, I pointed her out and asked the server to wave at her, and Rachel smiled and nodded her head back at us. She gave me the cup of Coke, I paid, thanked her and walked back over to Rachel.
I sat down in front of her.
"Can I let go?" she asked me.
"Sure," I said, and she smoothed her skirt out again.
The vibrator was still buzzing away inside her, and she looked a little flushed.
"So," I asked, "how are things?"
"Fine," she said, "I've been busy with school and work, so I wanted to see you and maybe play a little. I've got stuff to do later though."
Just as I was about to respond, two guys and a girl approached us.
"Hey Rachel," one of the guys said.
"Oh, hi Dillon," she said. "Dan, this is Dillon, Jamie and Cathy. Guys, this is my friend Dan."
"Pleased to meet you," I said, standing up so I could greet them properly. The controller went into the pocket of my hoodie.
I asked if they wanted to join us, and Jamie pulled up a chair so we could all sit down. I was opposite Rachel, and I watched her face as she interacted with her friends.
"We were all in the same lecture this morning," she told me. "Did you guys take better notes than I did?"
I sat back and watched them chatting away, and my hand slipped in to my pocket. I turned the speed up on the vibrator, and Rachel made a strange sound, then covered it up by coughing.
"So, are you guys on a date or something?" asked Dillon.
They looked at me. I looked at Rachel.
"No," she said, "we're just friends. I deliver pizza to him."
They seemed satisfied by this, and carried on chatting about university, professors, what somebody or other did the other night at somebody else's party. Rachel kept glancing at me, so I put my hand back into my pocket and turned off the vibrator. She smiled at me.
"Well, I was supposed to be helping this one do some shopping," she said to her friends, standing up and grabbing her bag.
I took that as my cue, and stood up as well.
"It was nice to meet you all," I said, collecting my Coke.
"Debbie's having a party tonight, you two should come," said Cathy, looking at me, sort of flirtily.
"I'm supposed to be working on a project," said Rachel. "Let me see how I get on, OK?"
Cathy took my hand, grabbed a pen out of her bag and wrote her number on it.
"Call me if you want to come without her," she said, biting her bottom lip slightly.
I smiled. "I'll see how my afternoon pans out, but thanks."
Rachel grabbed the hand with Cathy's phone number on it, and off we went.
As we got out of earshot, I heard her mutter "whore," and I laughed at her.
"You're not jealous, are you?"
"No, she just doesn't have to be like that."
"It's OK," I said, "I'm not going to her party."
"I'm not going to her stupid party either," she almost whined.
"Alright, let's cheer you up. What did you want to do?"
"I want to have fun. Other than that, I'm all yours," she said.
I looked around, then headed over towards a trash can. I was out of Coke. When we got to the can, I took the lid off my cup. I dropped that into the trash can. Reaching in to the cup, I pulled out a couple of ice cubes. I put one in each of the pockets on her blouse, and heard her gasp.
I could see her nipples were hard, and that she was wearing a yellow bra, as the blouse was pretty close to see through now.
I dropped the cup of ice in the trash can, and we started off down the aisle, idly looking around.
Anne surprised us, coming up from behind, carrying a cup of coffee.
"Hello there," she said, and we turned to face her.
"You've got yourself wet," she said to Rachel, gesturing at her blouse. "You should come with me."
Anne led the way, and Rachel followed her. I followed the pair of them. We wended our way through the store to the staff room. Anne opened the door and went in, and I noticed that she didn't think to knock. I closed the door after us, and went over to one of the seats by the wall. Anne walked over to the table, put her coffee cup down and turned to face Rachel, who dropped her bag on the floor.
"I think that should come off," she said, gesturing at the wet blouse.
She reached out to Rachel, and helped her undo the buttons. Rachel shrugged the blouse off her shoulders, and put it on the table. She reached behind her and unhooked her yellow bra, sliding the straps down her arms, and taking it off.
She stood there, with her hard little nipples, and her arms by her sides, looking a bit embarrassed.
Anne was leaning on the table, and Rachel moved towards her. Anne reached out and stroked her nipples, then pulled them away from her chest a little. She slid her hands down Rachel's sides, to the waistband of her skirt. She turned the skirt around, until the zipper was at the front. She unzipped it, and Rachel let it fall down her legs to the floor.
"What's this?" she asked, looking at the wire for the vibrator.
Rachel looked at me, and I walked over to Anne and handed her the controller. She looked down at it, then pushed one of the buttons. Rachel shivered slightly as the vibrator started up again.
Anne smiled. "How delightful!"
She fiddled with the buttons some more. Rachel squirmed some more.
"Your panties are all wet," Anne said.
"I have new panties," said Rachel, backing away and turning to her dropped bag.
Keeping her knees locked, she bent over to her bag, and fished around in it. She seemed to be having problems finding what she was looking for, but she found a ziplock bag and put that between her teeth, and carried on looking. I liked the way her tits hung down, and the view of her thong going up between her ass cheeks.
Anne went over to help her, taking the bag from her and upending it, spilling the contents on the floor.
Rachel, looking flustered, grabbed a clean pair of panties from the pile of stuff on the floor, but Anne picked up a butt plug.
"What's this, baby?" she asked.
Rachel looked a little embarrassed. "Uh, a toy?"
"Shall we play with it?" Anne asked, with a hint of a smile.
She reached out to Rachel and slid the waist band of her thong down. Rachel stepped out of her panties, standing there with the wire for the vibrator hanging out of her pussy. She dropped the panties and the ziplock bag on the pile on the floor.
Anne turned off the vibrator, then took the wire and pulled it out. She looked at it, interested, then held it up to Rachel's mouth. Rachel opened her mouth, and Anne put the vibrator in it. She let go of it, and Rachel held it there with the wire hanging out. Anne took the butt plug, and put it in her own mouth for a few seconds, wetting it with her saliva. She took it out, and put it in Rachel's pussy.
"Is that right, baby?"
Rachel just looked at her. Anne smiled.
Anne had her bend over at the waist, then took the plug out of her pussy. She licked it clean, then slowly pushed it into Rachel's ass, until just the flat end part stuck out. I could see Rachel's juices on her upper thighs at this point, and her nipples looked as hard as I'd ever seen them.
Rachel stood up straight, and Anne turned her around again, taking the vibrator out of Rachel's mouth. Picking up the remote, she turned it back on again, looking at it buzzing away in her hand, then rubbed it along Rachel's pussy, causing her to shudder in an orgasm. She held the vibrator against Rachel as she rode the orgasm out.
"Feet apart, baby," she said to Rachel, who moved her feet about shoulder width apart.
"Come here," she said to me. "Get your big dick out."
I stood up and walked over to them, undoing the buttons on my jeans. Anne turned the vibrator off, and put it back in Rachel's mouth, then had her bend forward with her hands on the table. I had my dick out as I joined them, and Anne took hold of it and lined it up with Rachel's pussy.
"Do you want him to fuck you, baby?" Anne asked Rachel.
She nodded her head emphatically, yes.
Anne guided my dick in to Rachel, and stroked my balls as I slowly bottomed out inside her. Anne was rubbing Rachel's clit with her thumb as I started pistoning away in her, holding her hips as I did.
"Do you want him to cum inside you, baby?" Anne asked her after a few minutes.
Again, Rachel nodded, moaning quietly. Anne nodded at me, and I sped up a bit, causing Rachel to start shuddering again as her next orgasm started. That meant I couldn't hold back any longer, and I started spurting inside her, groaning.
When I was done, Anne said "wait a minute," and took the vibrator out of Rachel's mouth. She had me pull out, then immediately pushed the vibrator into Rachel's pussy, trapping the cum inside her.
"Do you want me to get Adam?" Anne asked her.
Rachel had her eyes closed, and just nodded, still bent over, supporting herself with her hands on the table.
"I want you to suck his dick clean until I get back," Anne said, gesturing at me to move to Rachel's head.
Rachel lifted one hand from the table, letting me lean against it, then started sucking my dick like she was trying to get me to cum again. Anne turned the vibrator on, and Rachel moaned around my dick. She left, closing the door behind her.
"Are you OK?" I asked Rachel.
"Mmm hmm," she moaned around my dick, nodding.
I just leaned against the table, enjoying the sensations of her mouth on my dick. After a few minutes, the door opened and Adam walked in.
"Holy fuck," he exclaimed from behind her, as he had a great view of her naked pussy, with the hot pink vibrator wire hanging out, and the butt plug showing.
Anne followed him in.
"See, I said I had a nice surprise for you," she said to him.
"Baby, do you want Adam to fuck you?"
Rachel groaned, then nodded.
It was at this point he looked up from her pussy and saw me. I saw recognition cross his face as he started to undo his pants.
"Hi," he mumbled.
He came over to Rachel, dick in hand, and Anne turned the vibrator off and removed it.
"Quickly now," she said, and Adam jammed his dick in before anything leaked out.
"Are you clean?" Anne asked me.
I looked down at Rachel, then at her, and nodded.
"Come on then," she said, and Rachel let go of me and lifted her arm to let me out. Anne put the vibrator back in her mouth as I got dressed again.
It had been a few minutes, and based on the sounds he was making, Adam was getting close to cumming.
"Do you want him to cum inside you too?" Anne asked.
Rachel nodded, and just in time, as Adam gripped her waist tightly and came.
Again, Anne took the vibrator out of Rachel's mouth, then pushed it into her pussy as soon as Adam had pulled out.
"Clean him up, baby, so he can go back to work," Anne said, and Rachel turned around and squatted down in front of him, licking the combined juices off his dick. Anne turned the vibrator back on, on a low setting.
When Adam's dick was cleaned to Anne's liking, she had him get dressed.
"Do you want me to get Joseph?" Anne asked.
Rachel looked puzzled. "Who?"
"The cleaner," said Anne. "I figured today wasn't the day to be making new friends."
"No," said Rachel, "I think I'm done."
Adam smiled at her sheepishly. "It was nice to see you again," he said.
Anne hurried him back out of the door, and Rachel went over to her bag. She found the clean pair of panties, and put them on. She picked up her wet thong, and put it in the ziplock bag, then put it in her bag and started collecting her other belongings. Once that was done, she stepped into her skirt, and pulled it up to her waist, fastening it.
She picked up her bra, and Anne shook her head at her. Rachel put it in her bag. She retrieved her blouse, and put that on, buttoning it up. It had dried a little, but you could still just make out her nipples. She put her bag over her shoulder.
"I really enjoyed this," Rachel said to Anne, then turned to me, "but I wasn't kidding when I said I had a project due. I'm going to have to head out."
Anne stepped over and gently took her face in her hands, giving her a long, tender kiss.
"I should probably get back to work too," she said, "but I'm looking forward to your next visit."
Anne handed me the controller for the vibrator, and I went to put it in my pocket.
"Oh," she said, "before you go... turn it off?"
I turned the vibrator off, and she lifted the front of Rachel's skirt up. She pulled her panties down a little, then pulled the vibrator out. As Rachel opened her mouth to protest, Anne put the vibrator in it, then she pulled Rachel's panties back up and dropped the hem of her skirt. Before the skirt went down, I could already see the cum leaking into her panties.
Anne took the vibrator out of Rachel's mouth, and checked it was clean, then opened the zip on Rachel's bag and dropped it in, zipping it back up.
"Gross," said Rachel.
"There we go," said Anne, "I'll see you out."
Silently, we all walked to the main doors of the store, and Anne hugged Rachel, and said "don't be a stranger" before heading back to work.
"Can you see anything running down my thighs?" Rachel asked me.
"Nope, you're good," I said. "I'll walk you to your car."
When we got to her car, she got a shopping bag out of the back, and put it on the driver's seat, and got in.
"Can I hang on to this?" asked, showing her the controller. "I have an idea."
"Sure," she said, "I have another. I'll call you."
And with that, she drove off. I wandered home, wondering how pissed she'd be if I called Cathy.