Mutual friend and clothing optional beach enthusiast, Andrew was coming over the house to help Hubby Jeffrey with a project. We'd met him at the shore and formed a friendship, likely made more interesting by the fact most of the time spent with each other was done in the buff. Three way conversations included life, politics, sports, weather, and sex.
Talk between just Andy and Jeff often centered on baseball and politics. When hubby was either on a run or in the water, Drew would sometimes steer our chats towards more sensual, erotic topics. He liked smoking weed and it, as it does with me, made him horny. For my part, I enjoyed some spirits on the blanket, and the lowering of my inhibitions generally had me a pretty active participant in discussions. The semi-charged atmosphere almost always led to him strategically placing a towel over his growing erection. Andrew was always a gentleman, and truth be told, I kinda liked causing the arousal. Besides, hubby knew, and was fine with it.
Over time emails were exchanged and, "How about those Yanks!" made way for some picture swaps. My thinking was he's already seen me naked so some tastefully posed photos sent to a completely trustworthy friend could do no harm. Let's face it, mild voyeurs and exhibitionists enjoy watching and being seen. Jeff sent, with my approval, pics of me, and Drew responded with some of his non beach-going lady. We had lots more to share. His were considerably more explicit. The ones I felt were "too much" were to be kept in the "just for us folder".
On the day of the project I'd left very early for some extended shopping. Andrew hadn't arrived yet. Perhaps returning sooner, and more quietly than the boys anticipated I found the two sitting in front of our computer, beers in hand, Andy smelling of weed, and viewing photos of me that were in our "just for us folder". Obviously startled, they were embarrassed. The pics exposed, although not crudely, more than I'd been comfortable sending. And there were some, that while beautifully cropped, darkened, and teasingly blurred showed me in various, genuine, stages of self pleasure. The dirty duo, shirtless and wearing only skimpy running shorts were both unable, and probably uninterested in hiding their hard-ons. Excitement mixed with some anger left me in a strange place. I looked directly at them, then glancing down at their shorts, said, "Don't let me stop you.". I left to pour myself a tall glass of chilled wine, and headed upstairs.
My head was filled with swirling, conflicting thoughts. The pictures they were viewing triggered partial memories of sexy talks Drew and I had on the beach. I remember us sharing our mutual interest in watching porn, but not the specifics. Foreplay was mentioned, but to what degree? Pretty sure I mentioned a preference for seeing a woman pleasure two men, but emphasizing it was strictly a fantasy. It dawned on me some of those eloquently edited photos clearly captured still video shots of a long legged hot blonde screwing one stud, while stroking another. Drew and Jeff were no doubt staring down the whole lot of them. The wine was going down quickly now, as I tried to prepare for what might happen next.
The figuring went like this. Andrew had taken some nice pics of me in the sand. A good guess was he'd ask to take some photos of yours truly in our "second floor studio". Now came the chore of saying, "No." without disappointing a friend. Hearing hubby coming up the stairs I prepared my answer only to be asked another question. "Andy wants to know if he could watch me take a couple photos of you in our "studio". Instant relief gave way to considering the proposal. It was intriguing and seemed a much more comfortable, but still sensual alternative to the first scenario.
"Let you know soon enough." That deliberately terse response masked the fact my mind, somewhat addled "the grape" was made up. On went the makeup. Next came a switch from slacks and halter top to string bikini panties and a push up bra. Hair brushed and black 4 inch heels were the finishing touches. The bottoms were kinda sheer but covered a lot more than what wasn't worn in our adult sandbox.
I called down. Before finishing, "O.K." they were both standing there. Hubby had our camera.
Both had erections, peeking from their shorts. We were a good looking group. Jeff and I were both tall, and very fit. Andy, was shorter and less fit, but in nice shape overall. As we entered the room it seemed the first thing everyone spied was the adult disc sitting on a table. Picking it up Jeffrey asked, "Should we make this "shoot" authentic?" At that point I wasn't sure if I was glad or sad I hadn't smoked. Feeling a bit more in control because I'd passed on the pot I popped in the porn.
It was a really hot compilation and no time was wasted before 2 male leads began undressing, fondling, and fingering their gorgeous prey. She stroked and sucked their dicks. From that point on everything seemed to be happening in some kind of extremely arousing, sensual slow motion. My fingers reached between my legs, interrupted only by a clumsy attempt to undo that bra. Help arrived although I'm not honestly sure if it was Jeff or Andrew that undid the catch. I've always focused on the action on the big screen, but that day there was a lot going on. While Jeff was doing what he always does, moving the camera from spot to spot, using mirrors for a different look, Andy had undressed and was rubbing his fully engorged penis several feet away. I'd never seen him fully erect and was impressed.
My touching began to quicken and I became extremely swollen and wet. Dizzied by the pace of my arousal, I moved backwards and lay down on our chase lounge. The slow motion sensuality became a whirl wind of erotica and heightened nerved endings.
I began flashing back to my late teens, remembering how "heavy petting" would so excite the boys. I recalled offering relief to those I favored by having them lay back as I ran my hand over the shaft of their dick. Anxious and hot, they didn't care about cumming in their pants. Occasionally however, draws were dropped and I'd take a pulsing member in my hands. It usually brought them right off. It was heady to have such power. I'd watch the young man literally melt at my touch. Flash forward to a recent car chat with Jeff. He asked hypothetically, if I would give Drew the OK if he asked to masturbate in front of me on the beach. Undecided then, it would appear it was about to happen now. Although the unfolding circumstances offered a return to those thrilling days of my youth.
A shifting of personnel brought me back. The camera flash had stopped and Jeffrey, maybe fearing what I'd do with one free hand, left my vibrator within reach, and went to his knees at my feet. Andrew moved within a foot of my right shoulder. His tip was glistening with pre-cum and, as a result he'd lost a bit of his terrific erection. An urge to just maybe brush a finger along the underside of his swollen head was resisted.
It's always been extra special when I reached climax in sync with the men in the video, and right then both the studs and myself were getting awfully close. My panties were soaked and my clitoris super sensitive, but I wanted desperately to finish when they did. Then it unfolded. The leggy blonde grabbed her one playmate's cock and began stroking it, while she took her other leading man's hard-on into her mouth. I arched my back and released. Jeff, on cue, slipped my bikinis to the side and began using his tongue as only he can. It was excruciating and exhilarating all at the same time. As I was exploding, I saw Andrew doing the same. The spasms were so powerful I was literally flailing in an effort to escape Jeff's too-talented tongue. My desperate repositioning brought me in contact with Drew's spouting dick. Half out of excitement and half out of a desire to keep his cum off me, I grabbed his throbbing member and stroked it hard. In relief, he cried out. Fully milked and exhausted, Drew was soon kneeling by my side.
Jeff also had lost some of his erection due to leakage, so I began sucking him until he was stiff, and then allowed penetration. I was still so sensitive each thrust felt like multiple mini orgasms. Andy, for his part, thoughtfully exited quietly, leaving the two of us to explore and enjoy one other. After some time Jeffrey, unable to hold back, exploded and came in me for what seemed like forever.
Exhausted, still excited, and somewhat confused we lay together, until the silence was broken by Jeffery coyly saying, "Sometimes art imitates life. Sometimes life almost imitates art."