The wife
The beach, you know I hate the beach! He was thinking it but didn't dare say it. He had avoided going for many summers, the traffic, the sand in your shorts, screaming kids, finding a parking spot, having to carry all her beach crap, just wasn't his idea of fun.
That all said, she had been trying really hard to loose a few extra pounds since before the cruise, continuing to get ready for the upcoming summer cruise.
Several months later it was really starting to show. Tummy almost flat, thighs thinner, ass firming up, my late forties wife was looking quite hot like she did twenty years ago. The only disappointment was the fact that even though she is still a nice "C" cup, those also got smaller.
He had ordered her a new tiny bikini as a surprise a while back in preparation for the upcoming cruise. He hated the little skirt bottom thingy and matching super padded top she had packed out for the last cruise, it just looked frumpy like what the grandmas were wearing.
She liked the old one because it has a tummy hider which was her greatest concern at the time, but that isn't a factor anymore. He had noticed while on the cruise the styles had changed and women, young and old, were showing off a lot more ass cheeks these days.
He had made it a point of giving her compliments and continuous encouragement that seemed to help her with her mission to keep loosing and firm up.
A few weeks or so ago she came into the living room to show him a pair of jeans she was wearing that she hadn't been able to get over her hips and thighs for many years. She still had a little muffin top caused by the jeans being a size too small still, but dang they looked good on her. She had made significant progress and he was quite proud of her!
He had to admit many years ago she was a bit of a show off, ok a lot of a show off, and he loved to show her off back then with her revealing, short and sexy outfits. Her long waist length red hair added to her appeal.
Back to her new bikini, when he was looking for bikinis on Amazon, he wanted a lot less coverage, she used to wear the wicked weasel bikinis and rocked them with her natural looking "C's". She was able to wear the tiny tops as well due to her small lite pink nipples that always seemed to be poking out. Even when her nipples started to peek out from under her tops, you had to be paying attention to notice her areoles because they were so lite colored.
He found a little bikini he liked, the model wearing it may have influenced his selection, not super tiny like he was imagining, but like most bikinis these day, it didn't tie on the sides, but showed a lot of ass cheeks, he ordered her a size smaller than what she was currently wearing.
So finally came the request to go to the beach, he had been waiting for it this time, he had been wanting to show her off since her transformation and this would be an excellent opportunity, as much as he hate the beach. It was a weekday, so all the kids would be in school and it would be a lot less crowded.
He smiled at her, "ok, but let's play a game if you want me to go with you!"
She cocked her head and rolled her eyes, "what?"
"Well you have been working really hard to get to where you are now, go put on that black cover and skirt, I have a bikini you can put on when we get there." He gave her an evil grin.
She looked at him, "my cover up is crocheted net, it will be a bit revealing don't you think?"
He just smiled at her, "that's what I am counting on, and we can take your Jeep."
"But you took the top and doors off it!"
"Yeah?" He grinned knowing she would be on display.
"Well that cover up doesn't really cover up everything."
He just grinned not responding giving her one of those, "your point" looks.
"And... but I am older now and not the same body," she claimed
"You still have a hot body, and I still love showing you off! So go change let's go to the beach like you asked!"
He could see her thinking trying to find an excuse. But she knew he was right (for a change), and she really wanted to go, they had not been to the beach together in years.
"Fine!" And down the hall she went.
He went and changed, grabbing the new bikini from his top draw, shoving the wad of mostly strings in his pocket and went to the kitchen to get ready. He made a bag of snacks, and a few drinks in the Royal Caribbean cooler bag she got from the travel agent on our last cruise.
He smiled seeing her come into the dinning room where he was finishing getting ready. Her nipples like he said were always hard, just like now and were poking through the holes of the loose net cover. He liked the outline of her untanned boobs quite visible under the black material, she had been in the sun more than he realized. The skirt, made of the same material, wasn't as revealing in the front, but the back showed her ass was bare under the material. He didn't dare tell her, but figured she knew.
They hopped in the Jeep and headed for the interstate, it was only a forty minute ride to the coast. He couldn't keep from looking over at her, there was no mistaking her boobs were bare under the top, and he would slow when we passed the big trucks and pick-up trucks letting them look down at her hoping they could tell as well.
He was happy when he saw a few guys and a lady or two doing double takes and smiling seeing her revealing outfit.
Traffic on the island, for a change, wasn't bad and they were able to find a parking spot near the far end at one of the towns designed parking areas that had a wooden walkway over the dunes to protect them.
He reached back and pulled the snack bag to the front and dropped the keys in the side pocket, then reached into his shorts pocket and pulled out the wad of strings that represented itself as bikini.
"Here you go, put it on," grinning, knowing there was no place for her to go out of view of the public.
She glared at him of course and stepped out the Jeep. She opened the bottoms, the back not much wider than the front and the front was quite minimal. Again a look of "really!"
But she stepped into it, pulling it up her legs and to her hips under the knitted skirt. Reaching to the back, running her finger under the back, "this bottom barely covers the top of my ass crack!" She fussed at him, two guys walking to a truck a few spots over turned to look.
He just grinned again, as she held up the top that actually had two very narrow triangles that were adequate to cover maybe half of what was needed to be considered decent.
She surprised him when she just pulled her cover over her head, facing inside the Jeep but in view of the two guys, one of them stopping to watch her.
Standing there she tied an over hand note in the neck strings and pulled it over her head, flipping her thick red hair over the top of the knot, smiling at the guy watching her. Followed by reaching back with the two other strings and tying the back into a bow.
It looked really good on her with plenty of side boob and cleavage showing, the thin unlined material did little to hide the imprint of her pokey nipples.
"See I told you that you still got it, look at you! Go ahead and leave that skirt here too," he suggested to her.
She rolled her eyes at him, pushed the skirt down dropping in the back of the open Jeep, grabbing the towels, "come on, don't know I was going to be going naked today!"
He grabbed the cooler bag and snacks, the two lite weight lounges then followed behind her over the wood walkway. It only took a few steps for her ass to consume the tiny back panel that did nothing to cover her freckle covered ass cheeks. He let her get ahead to watch people ogling her when she got to the end of the board walk.
When she got to the end and looked back he told her, "I'm coming, let's go to the right," he knew that the other way was the area near the pier, restrooms and restaurants, the area where moms with kids hung out.
The view following her down the beach was one he didn't know he missed so much, the little patch of material coming out the top of her crack, her firm whole ass on display, strings on her back hidden by her long hair, as he watched the jiggle of her side boobs. Wearing his sunglasses he was covertly watching the young and older guys checking her out as she swished past them.
She finally stopped at a spot with only a few others near by, smiling at her he asked, "is this where you want to flaunt your smoking hot body today?"
She just rolled her eyes at him and took one of the lounges. While setting it up she was checking out those around them, maybe to see who was also watching her, she used to strive to attract that kind of attention. And the bikini she was barely wearing was demanding it today!
She pulled out the cruise towels he brought, he call them that because they have pockets to keep the towel on the chair at the top and bottom. Watching her bending over he could swear it looked like her nipples were starting to show, again he kept quiet, seeing her nipples at the edge of the top hoping they would slip free!
He set his chair up a bit behind her to watch her and laid out his towel while she piddled getting her things organized. He just sat down and watched her, her firm heavy C cup boobs keeping his attention and a few others, it was quite apparent the top she had been laying out in had a lot more coverage just like the bottoms, her white ass displaying that fact.
She finally kicked off her sandals and sat down. "Did you buy this a size too small on purpose, because I'm about to fall out of it!"
He just grinned, "that's what I was hoping for baby, all those carrot and celery sticks and all the walking around the neighborhood are looking incredible on you, you look hot as hell in that tiny bikini!"
"Well thank you but I am a bit older now and no where near as young looking as I used to be, It almost feels like I'm naked in this tiny thing," She argued.
He had to tell her, "baby you almost have the body you had went you were poor and starving, and didn't mind showing that shit off, I liked that part, still do! And I think you already have a few admirers." Giving her an evil grin looking beyond her at a few groups of people also watching her.
"Thank you I think..."
She proceeded to pour on the oil and sneer it over her legs, arms and tummy, the whole time checking out her surroundings. Realizing he was right, she saw the younger guy checking her out and found it titillating.
Once she was done she laid the chair back and got comfortable.
"You're not going to get rid of those tan lines if you don't move those strings around your neck," he hinted to her.
She cut her eyes at him from under her sunglasses, "you just want my top to fall away like you used to help it do back in the day, admit it!"
"So you are willing to go topless then?" He laughed at her.
"And get arrested, you know that's not allowed here."
"Never stopped you in the past!"
She laughed at him, "hush, that was a long time ago!"
He let it go, knowing not to push it.
After a good ten minutes or so he saw her looking up and down the beach, then reach back and untied the knot behind her neck. Tucking the loose strings under her arms and adjusting the little triangles of material so the edge was resting atop her hard nipples. "Happy now?" Was all she said and laid back again.
"Do you mean hard or happy?" Laughing. "You look incredible baby doll!" Knowing if she moved or wiggled too much those tiny pieces of yellow material were going to fall away.
They laid there in the sun, and it was getting hotter, on a few levels. He was enjoying watching people walk past them from behind his sunglasses as they checked out his wife. Not sure when she did it but she had raised both arms over her head, in doing so it moved her nipples from beneath the triangle and into the open. Either she didn't know, or from their conversation she didn't care knowing how appreciative he had become for all her sacrifices to look good.
He didn't say a thing enjoying her pointy hard pink nipples on display and being admired, know the guys who had been sitting about fifty feet away had walked past several times to get peeks of her tits.
After about forty five minutes she asked me, "if I turn over will you put lotion on my back?"
Disappointed with the thought of her flipping over and hiding her mostly bare tits he told her he would be happy too.
He waited for her to tie her top back but instead just put her arm across her chest to hold the top in place as she stood up. He saw several guys near them also take notice as one of the triangles was hanging down.
After she stood up she had to adjust her lounger. It appeared to be giving her a challenge and he asked if she needed help. She replied, "no I got it," but it was still hung up.
That's when she let go of her top and grabbed the back of the lounge and pulled it forward, leaving her top handing down over her tummy and her firm white breasts bare for anyone looking to see.
He just smiled and watched her until she got the lounge back laid flat. "Told you I had it," grinning at him knowing she made his day.
She laid down moving her hair up and to the side, leaning to the side flashing him her boob handing him her coconut oil.
"Yes you did and you did it well!" He then reached over and pulled the knot free at her back, pushing the strings to her side. He started at her shoulders working his way down applying oil.
"Dang too bad I didn't get the bottoms that tie on the sides, you would look incredible laying here with the suit tucked between your thighs." Admiring her almost naked ass as he spread oil over it then continued down her thighs.
"Maybe next time you will do better!" She looked back at him smiling.
"Or I could just pull these down your legs, they aren't hiding anything and will leave lines around your hips!"
"And leave me laying here naked for the world to see, sure you want to do that?"
He took that as a challenge and reached for the sides, he hooked his fingers and thumbs into the sides and started pulling them downward.
"Wait, wait, baby wait!" As she lifted her hips a bit allowing him to slide them down her thighs.
"Oh so you are liking this as much as I am now?" He laughed at her, seeing people smiling and watching our antics. He poured a bit more oil into his hand and applied it where her bottoms were, running my finger through her butt crack. "Spread your knees sweetie."
"But people will see my, hum, you know, whoa careful there, getting a little personal don't ya think!" She giggled.
"I don't have a problem with it if you don't, I find it kind of exciting honestly!" Adjusting his growing cock having run my finger across her anus making her jump with his oily finger. Continuing to run his fingers back up to the top of her crack and back down again, this time running his fingers thru the folds of her pussy, she responded by lifting her hips to meet his application of oil. Then he rubbed some of the oil on the inside of her thighs where he had missed earlier.
Sitting on his lounge near her knees, he watched in amazement as her thighs moved apart to allow sun between her legs. It was at that point I realized how thin her thighs had become, he was staring at her spread pussy and any one walking by could see her pink lips on display.
She peeked back at him as he was wiping the remaining oil on my own legs, "I'm not showing too much am I?"
"Naa baby you're just fine, but I wouldn't move those feet apart much further unless you want to put on a show!" Looking around to make sure no one from the city was on the beach before leaning back and watching the ogling guys walking past.
"Ok but I just feel like, you know, my thighs are too wide open?"
He patted her back, "no baby, like I said you're perfect, but you could move your feet to the edge of the lounge if you're feeling daring."
She just laughed, "daring, is that what you're calling it, I am laying here naked on a public beach, that's pretty damn daring if you ask me!"
"When we started dating you had no problems showing off like this, so yeah daring is a good word and I loved it if you can recall, you had no shame back then!"
Giggling she tells him, "yes I remember, and I did enjoyed it too, especially the sex afterwards." Then he see her feet move to the outside of the lounge.
He just grinned a big dumb smile, then a guy walks past and snaps a picture with his cell phone, knowing he just took a picture of my wife's gaping pussy and maybe her asshole now.
"Hay baby, I am going to wash this oil off my hands, be right back." He grabbed his phone as he got up knowing he wanted a picture of her laying there naked in public just as she did many years ago in front of his friends.
"Ok, I'll be right here!" She was rolling her thighs back and forth slightly.
As soon as he got up and started to walk away he looked back. Thinking to himself, "holy fuck, that looks like something from one of those voyeur porn sites.
He thought of the ones were supposed wife's let guys feel them up while helping out with lotion. Thick wet spread pink pussy lips and love opening, a bit darker pink asshole and her round ass cheeks, it was all on display. Wet as in she knows what she is showing and she is really enjoying it. He quickly snapped a few pictures and shoved the phone in his pocket.
He headed to the water to rinse the oil off and watch. He walked out just a few steps into the ocean and swished my hands using a little sand to help remove the lotion.
When he turned around there were three guys coming to an abrupt stop starting at his beautiful wife. Then they too started taking pictures of her. It looked like they were moving their dicks around in their suits, his older wife giving them erections just looking at her exposed pussy.
He zoomed in and snapped a few pictures of them ogling her nude body. They were in no hurry to continue on their walk down the beach, and why would they. He just walked further down the beach before heading back to allow other people to see her without him there.
Taking his time he witnessed several people, men and women stop and enjoy her graphic display.
When he got back, before he sat down he snapped another picture. "Baby is that you taking a picture?"
"Oh yeah, you look quite sexy laying there like that."
"Well you're not the first person to take pictures of me, just so you know!" Then she giggled. "I must be a site of something! I heard a few people making comments about me laying here naked. Sounded like I may be showing more than you said I was!"
"You didn't say anything to them?"
She laughed at him, "why would I, I mean they were already looking."
"And you found it exciting did you?"
"Shut up, and maybe a little. Tie me back up, I really need to go cool off in the water."
He stood over her and tied the strings behind her back, then she rolled a bit and attempted to cover her tits before sitting up and tying the strings behind her neck. She then adjusted the pieces of her top to cover her nipples, she looked so awesome with her tits out before covering them up.
She pulled her bottoms up to her knees, then stood up to pull them up to her hips. "Let me see the picture you took, I want to see how much I was showing to those other people!"
He did a few clicks and opened the last picture he took, "oh my, ahhh, here you go!" Showing her the picture.
"Holy fuck baby, I am spread like a taco salad, I thought I was show a little bit but damn it!"
"You mad at me for not telling you?"
She started laughing, "Mad, no, excited, fuckin a, I haven't showed off my pussy like that in years and you know what, I look good doing it!" They headed to the water holding hands for a swim.
Once in the water they waded out to waist deep as the waves moved the water up and down on their bodies. He pulled her to his chest, kissing her, "you looked so sexy laying on that lounge, your body there for anyone to see, I am so horny right now from just watching you being watched by other people, I am so damn proud of you. You need to do this shit more, makes me feel young again and you sure as hell look younger." As he was running my hands over her bare ass under the water.
"It was pretty exciting, especially now knowing what they were looking at, I feel so slutty, thank you for taking my bottoms off, I couldn't have done that myself. It almost made me cum when you stripped them off me!"
The water splashing between them turned her top see thur, he could easily make out her tight pink nipples, knowing her bottoms would be just as transparent when they went back to the lounges.
They swam and splashed a bit more before heading back to lay out some more. Exiting the water the front of her bottoms molded to her bare slit leaving nothing to the imagination, as well as her nipples showing. She adjusted her top pulling it away from her body letting him see inside her top as they walked through the sand.
"Move it over a bit more for me baby, let it show." He softly said to her.
She just giggled, "you're going to get me in trouble!" Then reached up sliding the triangle over a bit more exposing her hard lite pink nipple as they walked.
They held hands again walking towards the small rock jetty before heading back, looking over at her nice swaying unsupported boobs and exposed nipples. He was quite proud of my sexy wife, wanting to expose her even more to the strangers on the beach.
They got a lot of nods from other people was they walked among them, they obviously enjoyed her earlier show and now her what appeared to be accidental exposure.
Back at the lounges she fixed her top then brought the seat back up some and rearranged her towel, then reapplied her coconut oil to her body then dropped back down getting comfortable. She flipped her hair back, put her hand across her chest then reached back and untied her top again. Sliding the stings to the side like last time but pulling the triangles with them uncovering even more of her firm mounds.
She giggled and asked, "more?"
"You are liking this again aren't you? Hell yes more!" He grinned looking at her top barely keeping her nipples covered.
She reached up with her arms, the stretch again pulled her tits higher exposing her tight lite pink nipples to the bright sunshine, the two yellow triangles covering a little bit of her under boobs now.
Again some of the same people, mostly guys, walked past getting a peek at her bare nipples this time. She would just smile and give some a little wave as they stared at her.
She had been sunning and showing off for almost half and hour, "As much as you are enjoying this attention maybe you should flip over again and ask one of those guys watching to come and apply oil on your back, strange hands all over you body might make you a bit more excited." He suggested to her.
She looked over at him, "you would be ok watching some young guy put has hands all over me like that?"
"I think the real question is how far would you let him go when applying oil to your naked body?" He had to adjust himself as his dick starts to get hard thinking about it.
"What if I let that guy over there oil up my front instead of my back side?" She gave him an evil teasing grin.
"Would you be wearing that bikini or taking it off before you ask him?" Grinning back at her.
Smiling not sure where this was going, "what would you prefer?"
"Are you kidding me, I'd walk down the beach leaving you naked without a bikini to put back on in a heart beat, your body rocks sweetie!"
"Oh my God, you are serious aren't you, you want to see some young strange guy feel me up don't you?"
"Want to find out?" He smiled at her. He could tell her mind was racing, they had never played this game before and just talking about it was making them both quite horny. "Take off you top, let's start there, show off your boobs, I mean really show them it is intentional!"
She laughed at him, "I remind you this is not a nude beach you know!" Then she sat forward in her lounge, then moved her feet to the sand to sit up straight, pulling her long red hair to the front over her shoulders exposing the other tie. "Go ahead if you want."
Without thinking he reached over pulling to the hanging yellow string releasing the bow at her back pulling the top away from her back. She sat back leaving her hair over her tits.
She giggled, "this is fucking crazy!"
"You being topless or inviting that guy to come fell your tits?"
"I thought you wanted me naked," she grinned.
He looked up and down the beach to make sure it was somewhat safe for her, "take them off then, show it all off if you dare, not just from the back this time!"
She too looked around to see who was watching her, not seeing anyone really looking her way, he watched as she hooked her thumbs into the sides of her bikini and quickly slid them down her legs and over her feet and red painted toes. Looking around she saw two of the guys she had pointed out to her husband had saw what she had done.
She actually through the bottoms at him giggling, she keeps her knees bent up with her feet in the lounge, with her arms wrapped around her legs. "This is still fucking crazy baby!"
"Yes but tell me you're not a little bit excited right now?"
"I am a lot bit excited just sitting here thinking about it!" She giggled looking up and down the beach again.
Smiling at her he stuffed her bikini in the side of the cooler bag ready to leave her naked like he said he would do, he stood up, picked up his lounge folded it up. "Have fun baby," he grabbed the cooler and her beach bag and headed towards the board walk over the dunes.
He looked back about half way there and she still had her legs tucked up on the lounge her mouth open like she couldn't believe he was actually leaving her naked on the beach.
Her back looked quite sexy no longer having strings across it nor bikini bottoms showing from her sides, his cock had made a tent in his shorts.
She just smiled, then looked over at the three guys they had been talking about then back at him. These are the same guys who had snapped pictures of her lying naked on her tummy a few hours or so ago. He hurried as soon as he got out of her sight to dump their bags and the chair in the jeep so he could quickly get back to watch his naked wife on the beach. He grabbed a tank top, his phone and a hat to change my appearance a bit once on the beach.
Walking back he got to where he could see her through the sea oats waving in the breeze. He could tell she was still unsure what to do until he saw the guys get up and all three of them went over to her. He had not thought about that possibility, this made it even more exciting for both of them.
She saw them walking toward her, then looked back to where he had went. She was still sitting with her knees up holding them against her chest with her arms wrapped around them.
She watched them walking toward her, the butterfly's started fluttering in her stomach. She shielded her eyes looking up at them when they got to her, even though she had sunglasses on, the sun directly behind them.
He could see them looking down at her, one of them at her feet facing her, so he was thinking to see between her legs and her lack of obvious bottoms.
He hurried to the end of the board walk and then down the beach stopping before he got to where she was entertaining these three guys. He sat down it the sand and pointed my camera her way. He also realized one of the guys had a GoPro on a stick, they had to have gotten video of her earlier as well.
He could hear them chatting her up, when she finally told them she was about to apply more lotion so she didn't burn when she stretched out, but then they came over.
Then he heard the guy offer, "you know if you need someone to do your back, I am available to help you!"
That's when he got the first knots in my stomach when she told them, "well I was planning to lay on my back, so if the offer is still good, I am thinking I might like your offer." Then she giggled and stretched her legs out, and flipped her hair back over her shoulders.
Damn she looked good laying there in front of those three guys totally naked. Then one of them said, "oh damn, I thought you were wearing a thong or G-String, fuck me, I wasn't expecting that shit!"
"Still want to rub lotion on me?" She giggled making sure all her red hair was out of the way.
"Hell yeah, where you want me to start?" One of them asked.
Grinning up at them and not even looking back for me, "where ever you want sweetie!"
He just watched as one of them moved up to near her arms, the other at her waist on the other side. His heart skipped a beat when the guy went straight for her boobs, smearing oil over her chest. The other guy starting at her hips and tummy and working his way down her thighs and legs then back up again.
She moved her hands into her hair, he knew if the guy was spending anytime with her nipples she would be melting in their hands. He wasn't moving far from her tits as he massaged the oil into her skin. Then the guy at her hips moved to her upper thighs and hips.
"If you move your legs apart I can get the insides of your thighs baby," the guy requested of her.
The husband was shocked again when instead of moving her legs apart, she brought her knee up and apart. She was showing him and inviting him to the whole package. This younger guy was staring at his wife's spread pussy while the other guy was videoing her.
He couldn't see but he could tell what was happening, his hand dropped between her upper thighs and he saw her arch her back. When she tilted her head back and gasped, he knew he was hitting the right spot.
The guy at her pussy moved to get a better angle and started shoving his fingers in and out at a rapid pace, making her hips buck causing her a squeal a few times.
It seems it only took minutes and her knees slammed closed. The guy started laughing, "dude she just soaked my hand, she squired a gusher."
They all three laughed. "Ok, ok, oh fuck, I'm done guys. My legs are shaking!"
"How about we all go up to our beach house for a little party? Cuz baby I want to wear you out!" The guy massaging her tits told her.
The guy who made her cum tells her, "yeah and I want to use that sweet mouth of yours, I bet you can suck a cock like no one else on this beach right now."
"Oh fuck, ah, I wasn't expecting this to happen, no guys I really can't. But damn that was incredible. I really need to get going before I get in trouble!" She was trying to collect her thoughts having just experienced an orgasm like she hadn't had in a long time, she was actually considering their offer.
They laughed again, "well we are having a party tonight if you change your mind, 442 Middle Street, that teal green one right there. And please don't wear much more than what you're wearing now, the other girls won't be wearing much either."
The third guy was still videoing her laying there naked. "Spread those legs again baby, let me get another shot before you leave us."
Without even thinking about it, her husband watched as his usually somewhat conservative wife spread her knees wide for the guys. "Now touch yourself for the camera!"
"Guys no, I got to go, really," then she reached between her legs and he could tell she was rubbing her clit.
"Oh yeah that's it, now push your fingers in!"
"Oh my God, no stop it, I have to go!" She closed her legs and started wrapping her beach towel around her as she stood up.
He could tell she was flustered as she folded up her lounge, dropping it in the sand while trying to cover herself with the towel. Almost dropping the towel she recovered it and just held it to her chest as she quickly headed to the boardwalk.
She was so distracted she walked right past him sitting in the sand and didn't notice him. He kept videoing her bare backside until she headed up the board walk then got up to follow her.
He caught up to her before she got to the end of the boardwalk over the dunes. "So was it as fun as you had hoped it would be?" He asked her.
"Where the fuck were you!" She handed him her lounge and fixed her towel around her body, "yes it was, more actually!"
"Oh yeah, how much more?"
"They wanted to take me back to their beach house to party!" She was flushed leaning against the jeep still holding the towel to cover her naked body.
"Party as in what?" He slipped her chair into the back of the jeep.
"They wanted to fuck my brains out, that kinda party, and I wanted them too!"
He just smiled at her, "maybe that's what you need, a good gangbang."
"Oh my God you are impossible, let's get going before I go down to their beach house!"
"You have my permission if you really want to, but you got to leave the towel here!"
"You are crazy, I would never, I was just kidding!" She heads around d to the passenger side of the Jeep.
He hops in as well to head home, with his wife still holding the towel over her chest. But he turn left instead of right towards the bridge home, "Which beach house is it?"
"I'm not telling you, let's just go home!"
"This teal one right? Dang there are a lot of cars parking in that lot, good thing cuz that might have been a hell of a party baby," he slows down as they pass.
"Well they are having a beach party later and I was invited to come back," she giggled, "apparently they like old cougars!"
"Yeah they just want to bang your sweat ass that's all!"
He turns right and makes another right heading to the highway across the bridge and home.
About half way home with the towel flapping around flashing her bare legs and hips, "you know we could go home, clean up and come back. I could drop you off and you go to the party, I'll go park and come watch, no one will know who I am or why I am there."
"Are you serious, you saw what they did you me on the beach and you want me to go back there pretending to be alone?" He looked over seeing a bit of a grin on her face.
"What they did to you, you let them and you fucking enjoyed every second of it."
"Shut up! It was your idea to start with!" She glared with an innocent look.
"So what you going to wear?"
"I didn't say I was going, but he said not much more than I am wear now, if I did go, he said that's what the other girls would be wearing, not much."
"I dare you to wear that white sun dress cover up thingy I love but you always say it is too thin!"
"Because it is, it is see thru dumbass!"
"Great, it will be perfect for tonight when I bring you back to party with these college kids!"
She didn't say a word the rest of the way home until he pulled up in the driveway. "Fine, I will go and I will not be responsible for anything that happens, nothing! You good with that?"
He just smiled as she tossed the towel at him and went inside walking across the driveway naked. He just watched her bare backside walking across the driveway, something she had only done at night years ago.
As soon as she got inside she grabbed the bottle of Patron, just turned it up.
"You scared, need a little liquid courage do you?" He laughed.
"Yes, a little, this is crazy, but if you want me to do this for you, I'll give it a try just like on the beach. I'm going to get a shower and get ready!" Then she turned up the bottle again and took it with her to the bathroom.
She was in the shower for a good while before he heard the water turn off.
She came out the bathroom giggling with the tequila in her hand, another drink from the bottle and she sat down to do her make-up.
He just watched her sitting there naked looking sexier that she ever had. She had an orra she hadn't projected in a very long time.
"You should wear that to the party!" He told her.
"The dress?" She asked.
"No what you wearing now, you look fucking incredible, I'd love to see you wear nothing in your Jeep like you did years ago!"
She just laughed at him, "I was a lot younger and dumber back then, I think the dress will be close enough," as she finishing up her make up.
She drank a bit more from the Patron bottle and slipped the dress on.
Looking at herself in the mirror, "I really need to wear something under this, you can see everything!"
"Oh no, this party no one knows you and I love the look, besides some of these guys have already seen you in less!"
"Yeah a few of them, like three guys, this is going to be a big party I am thinking, and you want a hundred people to see me half naked?"
He laughed at her, "I was hoping for two hurried and seeing you completely naked would be quite erotic don't you think?"
"You are fucking impossible, where did all this come from all the sudden?"
"Well you're the one that got all skinny and sexy, and you seemed to really enjoy your day at the beach today so I am just trying to help you out here. I am ready when you are, I'll go lock up so we can go." Then he left her to finish getting ready.
She slipped on a pair of her designed flip flops and followed behind him a few minutes later. Reaching back to feel how short the dress was on her.
He watched her walking across the living room, her nipples pushed tight against the transparent material, the hem of the dress high on her freckled tan thighs. Her earlier tan lines on her boobs, ass and in front easily showing thru from her time at the community pool.
He took her hand and led her out to the Jeep in the driveway. He couldn't help but keep looking over at his sexy wife on display in just the dress.
The drive back to the beach was short and uneventful, it being dark, hardly any moon out, and her long red hard somewhat hiding her exposed boobs.
He pulled up in front of the beach house for the second time today and the streets were lined with cars and trucks thinking to himself this is going to be a helluva party.
"Wish me luck," she tilted the red solo cup of tequila back, then leaned over for a kiss.
"Baby you look so fucking hot right now, luck is not something you need! See you in a little bit, I hope!"
He watched her climb out the Jeep in her body hugging sheer mini sundress, she usually worn this as a bikini coverup, and once to a party with a bra and booty shorts under it, but never like this. She was right, one can see her every curve, her hard nipples and her lack of anything under the tight dress.
He almost wished the dress was a bit longer and not as see thru the way it was hugging her bare ass. But he was sending her into a frat party to be eye candy, at a minimum, and she looked like a bit of a slut, which is just what he wanted.
She walked up the stairs, several guys were drinking in the yard and called out to her, commenting on how hot she looked. She just giggled and headed up the wide stairs to the second level, feeling the short dress getting shorter, it felt scandalous and she was loving it. Especially when she looked back to see the guys were looking up her short dress.
The tequila that had gotten her in trouble years ago was helping with her desires to be the center of attention at the party she was about to enter.
More guys she didn't know welcomed her through the front door, their eyes going to her chest almost immediately, "oh hell you're the lady!"
"What, what lady?" She asked.
"In the video, out on the deck, there is a video playing from the week here and you are in the video, they have it showing out there!" The guy told her. "Come on I'll show you!"
She noticed people looking at her as they made their way through the packed house to the rear deck. Could be the sheer dress she was wearing, or maybe this video they were referring too, either way she liked the attention. Out on the deck she discovered that's were the party was, a few tables of liquor bottles, coolers of beer, and a huge screen with pictures and short video clips playing of girls in tiny bikinis, some not in bikinis, others flashing and playing with guys on the deck and beach.
Then pictures and videos of her from earlier in the day. Followed by a younger blonde coed with an awesome round ass and almost no boobs, naked walking around the same deck posing for whoever is taking the video.
Had she not been buzzing from all the tequila she drank earlier, she would have been embarrassed by the video of her naked on the beach. While she was taking it in a girl next to her recognized her as the girl in the video letting the guys feel her up. "Oh wow you are her aren't you?"
She just covered her face acting shy and shook her head yes.
"Well you are quite beautiful and brave, your dress is fucking awesome, I could never have done that on the beach!" They both giggled at the girls comment.
The husband had parked down the street a ways and was now walking around the beach house looking for her, he found a beer and happened to look up to see the screen and his wife's spread legs with a guy finger fucking her on the beach, there was no sound, just music playing, but it was obvious she was enjoying herself.
The guy who had mauled her tits found her and took her to one of the makeshift bars, fixing her a margarita with extra tequila. She smiled at the guys ogling her and her dress that hid little of her tight soccer mom body.
She quickly had her own little fan club of guys surrounding her as they chatted her up, and staring at her tits. She had been there about forty five minutes when the GoPro guy noticed her and came over pointing his camera at her again. "Wanting more video of me for the show?" She asked him, looking beyond him at the video screen behind him.
It was only minutes later when the guy who had fingered her came over with the same little blonde that was on the screen, this time she was only wearing a tiny G-string bikini bottom, her tiny tanned tits on display. He saw her in the dress, looking her over, "bit over dressed aren't you?" He laughed.
"You wanted me to show up completely naked I'm guessing? I don't see any other women here naked!" She giggled.
Wearing only his swim trunks he was wearing earlier on the beach, his arm over the shoulder of the petite topless blonde, he told her, "my little friend here can get naked if it will make you feel better. But I think you owe me one don't you?"
Her husband noticed the small crowd and saw a girl in a white dress and made his way over to see if that was his wife.
"Owe you one what?" She giggled.
With a grin on his face, "I got you off, you should return the favor don't you think?" He took her hand and placed it over his cock in the trunks. The almost naked little blonde stepped away but still stayed to watch.
The wife just giggled but didn't pull her hand away, between the Patron, the video, the other girl standing there topless and her own dress, she was a bit excited to say the least and continued to rub his growing cock thru his shorts. Then someone yelled for her to pull it out, several others offering the same encouragement.
She just laughed but kept her hand in place, shyly covering her face with her other hand. Looking around in search of her husband, not seeing him she went ahead and pulled the string on the guys trunks as people continued to tell her to open his shorts.
He reached out and cupped her left boob and flicked her nipple with his thumb thru the dress. That was all it took for her to pull the Velcro free and his trunks dropped to his feet to a cheering crowd of on lookers.
Her hand returning to the guys growing cock, already the girth of her husbands but almost twice his length, she'd never had her hand around something this big before and it was quite intriguing, she stroked him as he continued to grow in her hand, as he stepped from his trunks at his feet.
She looked around and laughed as she enjoyed the warm meat in her hand and a growing urge to wrap her mouth around it. The guy pulled one of the straps off her shoulder and down her arm enough for her boob to pop free. Again there was a cheer.
He was sensing her eagerness as well as her grip tightening around his cock. He placed a hand on her shoulder pushing her down, she knew what he was wanting her to do.
The husband was off to the side and had watched her strip the guy from the beach. Now watching her jerking him off in front of a crowd with one of her tits exposed.
As the guy was pushing her to her knees. The husband felt his own cock growing in his shorts as he stood there watching his own wife about to suck this guys dick in front of a crowd, as well as the pictures and video of her and others on the screen.
Watching in awe as she squatted down, her dress riding higher showing a bit of her ass cheeks to him and others behind her. She looked up at him as her hand continued stroking the hard cock in her hand. Then she started kissing the head and licking the long shaft to more cheers as she put on a show of starting to suck this guys cock.
It only took seconds and she had replaced her hand with her mouth and was slowly taking him deeper, her hand still stroking him. The guy was pinching and pulling her hard nipple, this only added to her desire to entertain the crowd.
Someone called out "strip her too," the guy reached down and pulled her arms up and the little blonde chick grabbed her dress pulling it up and over her head in one quick motion. The crowd cheered again seeing the sexy cougar now stripped of her dress.
She briefly let the cock slip from her lips as the dress passed over her head but immediately went back to work giving the guy an incredible blow job, knowing she was putting on a performance like she had never dreamed of doing. She was attempting to take as much of his length as she could but knew she would never take it all, hitting her gag reflex a few times.
The guy she was sucking took hold of her red hair and started to just fuck her mouth. A few other guys reaching out groping her now bare bouncing tits. That just excited her more, having her nipples played with was her kryptonite and she began moaning.
Her hand moving between her own legs, she wanted more, her fingers rubbing her clit wanting to cum like she did on the beach.
She finally pushed away from him, "just fuck me already!" She stood up and turned around grabbing a chair close by. The guy didn't bother with a condom, he just pushed his long clean shaven cock into her dripping pussy.
Everyone watching cheered them on like it was a sporting event. Several phones as well as the GoPro guy were videoing her getting fucked hard. Her tits bouncing and swaying to his pounding into her causing her to get quite vocal as she begged him to fuck her deeper.
A few guys asking if they could be next, she just kept pushing back into his thrusts. Not knowing how long this guy might last she as he seemed to not be slowing down. She was intrigued by the guys wanting to be next, knowing this was the party he referred to earlier on the beach when he tried to get her to come to the beach house. She was thinking maybe she she have when he asked her, this was a fucking like she had never received before.
The guy pulled out of her and sat down pulling her down onto his shaft. She wasted no time finding a rhythm riding his cock, her impressive tits bouncing about.
The husband watched and cheered with the others as well as videoing his naked wife being used like a toy, it seemed to go on forever, having her turn around and ride him backwards for a while allowing the guy to play with her spread bum hole.
When the guy finally exploded deep inside her, a heavier dark skinned athletic looking guy proclaimed to be next and stripped off his shirt and shorts.
Everyone just watched as he easily picked her up and slid her down on his already hard manhood. She just tried to wrap her legs around him as he bounced her up and down like a rag doll.
A girl called out, "someone fuck that ass at the same time, double dick this slut!"
The husband hearing her got a bit concerned, she had only allowed him to go there twice in all their years of marriage. But another guy was dropping his shorts to join in on the festivities.
The guy fucking her asked her something and she shook her head yes. He paused using her to jack off with and spread her ass ever wider for the guy behind her now.
It got quite briefly as he used the juices from the first guy and her to lube her asshole before he started easing into her. She was trying to climb up the guy holding her as the guy behind her was a bit eager pushing his cock into her exposed ass.
She finally relaxed and the guy was able to start penetrating her ass deeper. She started riding both cocks as the same time, screaming and moaning to the crowds cheers again watching her sex show.
She ended up fucking three more guys, sitting on a few laps and just riding cocks and sucking at least four. Several guys wanted to take her to a private room, but to allow them to play with her, she made them strip naked in front of everyone just like her. She didn't care who touched her body and allowed herself to be groped by many more before saying she was done.
One of the older girls helped her to a bathroom to clean up a bit.
They returned to the deck with her still naked in search of her dress, but it had disappeared, she didn't seem to be phased that she was still the only one nude at the party, although a few other ladies had lost their bikini tops.
The girl told her, "I had heard earlier they had found a hot cougar on the beach today to be the entertainment for the party. Did you know they had plans for you tonight?"
"I knew they wanted to fuck me, they tired to get me to come back here earlier this afternoon to, you know, to party!" She smirked.
Smiling at her, "You did not disappoint you were quite incredible taking Robert like you did, some girls have troubles taking his whole dick. He is usually the porn star at these parties."
Puzzled she asked, "was my husband in on it do you think, you know to get me to party with these guys for everyone's enjoyment?"
"I doubt it, they usually use their magic and charm to get a hot soccer mom to play along, few are as hot as you though," she explained.
Her husband approached her while they were searching for her dress, then told her she didn't need it.
"Everyone had seen more than they deserved already so why cover up now?" He stayed there with her another hour or so to keep her from being touched and used anymore, and to enjoy her public nudity.
They, she mostly, drinking and she actually did dance a few times with other girls, a few of them were topless wearing just bikini bottoms for the guys to ogle.
She finally told her husband she was ready to go home, she had exceeded her fun limit for the evening.
He started to follow her wiggling ass leaving the back deck, he considered offering her his shirt before they got into the house but knew how sexy she would look in the Jeep naked.
While making her way to the front of the beach house several guys offered to take her to one of the bedrooms for a little fun, some groping her bare breasts and ass, but she just shook her head no and pushed hands away.
Walking out on the front deck she looked up and down the street then at her husband, "what should I do, I'm like naked!"
"Strut baby, you look fucking awesome!" He took her hand leading her down the stairs and across the yard.
They stayed behind the cars as they made their way several blocks, then hurried across the street to go another block over where he had parked. Now in view of passing cars, a few people blowing their horns at her seeing her naked walking down the street in just her flip flops. She just giggled, "does that make me a sex object?"
He laughed at her, "no baby, you have been a sex object for a long time." Pulling her close giving her a hug as they walk. "Do you feel
Sexy?"
"At the moment I feel kinda slutty, I mean I am walking the streets naked after being fucked by how many guys?"
He smiled at her, "I like slutty, do you?" Then gave her sticky ass a squeeze.
"I do at the moment, feels kinda wild if your asking, I mean look at me! I haven't been naked in public in many years! It feels good!" She laughed reaching out to slide into the jeep's passenger seat.
After sitting down she rolled her hair and twisted it up on top of her head and pulled her Braves ball cap on to hold her hair up.
He looked over at her, "I love that look on you!"
"So you want me to wear it home?"
"Oh hell yeah!" Then he cranked up and Jeep and headed for the bridge over the Intercoastal
Waterway and to the house, his wife once again naked in the front seat of the Jeep like she used to do years ago. "You think you would be ok with me doing more fun days like today?"
He just smiled at her.