This is the fourteenth episode in my story series, Years Before.
In the last part, a walk in a park with Jules to discuss our first "3" led to a remarkable, outdoor revisiting of it. I helped Ruthie get her middle sister back from a rubbish situation and we celebrated Ruthie's new bedroom by discovering more about how much Ruthie enjoyed anal stimulation.
In this part, over a weekend, Ruthie and I enter into our most intimate sex yet, enjoy taking our love outdoors and take our "3" with Jules to even greater heights.
Thank you for reading
***
The next couple of months passed by in a glorious whirl of Ruthie enjoying the extra responsibility in her job, frequent stays at the Davis house for me in Ruthie's new room with some lively, if brief intimacy.
The one thing that was tricky, for a while, was us finding some alone time but, in late May, that resolved itself. We suddenly found that Hannah was going to stay with university friends at the same time as Joan and Gerry had decided to go to a hotel for the Whitsun bank holiday weekend. This left Ruthie and I the Saturday and Sunday night in the house alone.
We'd met during the week before for an hour or two and decided that we should have Saturday night to ourselves and then maybe ask Jules if she wanted to join us for the Sunday. Ruthie phoned her and then came back up the stairs to her room.
"Jules says "Yes" to Sunday night."
"Great."
"What do you think we should do, honey?"
"Well, how about going down the pub for a drink or two and then we could come back here and see what happens."
"Are you thinking what I'm thinking, honey?"
"And what would that be, my lovely."
Ruthie leaned across and whispered "Three bodies and not a lot of clothes, for a start."
"Then I think we're in the same place."
I kissed her in response. Ruthie smiled and sat back.
"Ooh great, but I want Saturday for us. To have some time to enjoy each other."
"By the way, did Jules suggest that she might be up for this?"
"Well, she did ask if we were dressing up for the pub and I said "more like undressing" and her response was "can't wait" so I think we're OK."
The Saturday brought lovely summery weather so my knock at Ruthie's was greeted by her in a lovely knee length strappy summery dress which was stretchy on the top half and an outstretched hand
"Lake Park, honey? Fancy enjoying the sun?"
It was a perfect afternoon and, as we got to the park, Ruthie clearly had certain ideas about the weekend. She exuded a confident, determined air.
"Let's find "Bonk Corner" again."
"OK. Lead on, my lovely."
We walked around the park taking in all the sights and headed off towards the far corner. There were a few couples and families dotted around on the grass but all were closer to the main body of the park. We meandered our way towards the wooded corner which Ruthie had so endearingly named after hearing about my exploits there with Eva.
As we walked in through the hedgerows, we could see through to where a little sun was shining. It was a little secluded pocket of sunlight partially broken by the leaves on the trees being gently moved by a light breeze. Deep enough in that it couldn't be seen from the park unless you knew where to go.
"Oh, we're alone, honey."
Ruthie walked into the sunny area and turned around to me.
"I have been waiting for the right day for us to try a little something outside and today is perfect."
"Well, we did get into it with Jules at "The County"?"
"Oh, I know, and that was fucking sexy as hell but I wanted an outdoor moment for us."
"And what do you have in mind?"
"At New Year, you gave a very to-the-point explanation to Jules about outdoor sex and then, in our "3", she got what you meant at "The County" didn't she."
"Yes, she did."
"Well, I know we're not so far away from people so we have to be a bit more careful but I'm wearing two items of clothing at the moment and one is a pair of shoes."
Ruthie accompanied this with a direct stare.
The only response I could make was "I think I'd better lie down then, hadn't I?"
Ruthie almost yanked me down to the ground and sat on my thighs while I sat, my arms propping me up from behind. She drew me into a deeply passionate, full-on kiss. I was no doubt of her intentions.
"Honey, I want you to be inside me here, please. I want to ride you."
She pushed me back so I supported myself on my elbows. Ruthie, intent on her urge, set to work undoing my jeans and pulling them down, along with my pants. My erection was free and I felt a little surge from feeling exposed with the heat of the sun and the air around me.
"Can you see anyone, honey?"
I looked around and there was no-one near. We were completely surrounded by the hedges and trees and the fence for the park behind us.
"No, Ruthie. No-one about."
"Good."
Her head dipped and she took me in her mouth.
My hardness increased immediately as she quite vigorously explored my length, her tongue circling my tip and licking me when her lips weren't halfway down my shaft. Her warmth, her movement on me from her lips, her tongue, her mouth massaged my penis into very full, firm arousal.
Suddenly she released me and, with a sharp intake of breath, exclaimed "I'm ready, honey."
With almost one movement, she stood up over me, flared her skirt over us as she crouched down, her hand reaching for me and, without any delay, sank down onto my cock. It was like her very moist vagina was a fitted glove around me.
It was a truly glorious feeling as she, first of all, just sat on me and wiggled herself around a little.
"Ooh, I just want to get you nicely deep into me."
I was still on my elbows and aware of the grass and tree debris against my bare bum but I didn't really care. The woman I loved had me where she wanted me, grounding herself, her crouching position allowing her labia to be squashed on my pubes as she got my full length into her.
Ruthie's head bowed as she reached forward to be above me on outstretched arms. She had found the ideal place to bring herself to orgasm.
"Undo the straps on my dress, honey. I want to feel the sun on my body."
I pulled each tie strap and pushed her dress down, exposing her perfect bare breasts. A glorious sight, they moved back and forth in time with Ruthie, which only served to reinforce my erection, already so very firm from enjoying her find her stimulation with me inside. The top of her dress was now no more than a big ruffled belt round her waistline with her skirt flaring out over us, covering up what, to most, would have been fairly obvious anyway, had we been found.
She gripped me, tightly, her vagina surrounding and squeezing my dick. Slowly, her body started to stretch and, as she did, she sat up on me, sending me deep in again. Her arms lifted high to extend her back along with a full sigh of release. Her face and body reflected the rays of the sun for a moment and, as her hands fell to rest on my chest, her face, eyes closed, remained in the sunlight. She looked truly wonderful.
"Oh, honey. I found my moment there. Do you mind if I save you for later?"
"No, Ruthie. You know I love you finding your pleasure with me in you."
"Thanks, honey. That was fabulous, especially with the sun out too. Mmm."
She eventually lifted off me and helped me get myself back together, including getting some of the woods off of my bum with little slaps and flicks!
"Well, my lovely, that was gorgeous already and I'm not even been in your house yet."
"I know. Exciting, isn't it." She says, accompanied by a very knowing smile. "Now, I can properly claim "Bonk Corner" for me."
"I know, especially as you named it."
Laughing, we made our exit back into the park and took a slow walk around the lake and headed back towards the house.
Warming up some dinner that Joan had kindly left us, Ruthie put her arms around my waist and rested her head on my chest.
"I'm just so happy, honey."
"You and me both, Ruthie. I love how we work together."
Ruthie took a moment and stroked my back.
"You can say "no" but I was wondering if, tonight..." she paused before saying any more, "...if tonight, you'd like take some time and experiment with a little more play with my bum."
"You would like that?"
"Yes. You've been so careful and gentle with me with what we've done so far, I would love us to be able to try and see if you could...be inside me...there. We've been so intimate that I'd like to...what's the word...reclaim this for me, for us to have sex, that way."
"I would certainly try with you, Ruthie. It might take a little while to get it right. Are you OK with it? You sure?"
"I know we'd have to be careful but I love you inside me and I absolutely adored what we've done there so far. It would mean so much. I want to know what it's like to feel you there...fully."
"OK. Let's eat and then get comfy. We should have a nice play before we get into playing behind. What do you think?"
"You know I love it all, honey."
A little while later, we were upstairs and undressing each other, although most of the clothes were on me as I had discovered earlier she was only wearing one thing. I enjoyed slowly lifting the hem of the skirt to peel it up and over her head.
Within a few minutes, we were on the bed, naked and exploring each other's bodies. As we moved with each other, we ended up at opposite ends to each other on our sides. Ruthie took hold of my erect penis so I nuzzled into her thighs to part her legs, as I got in position over her.
We took each other into a glorious state of sensual pleasure. Ruthie's vocal and physical reaction to my tongue playing with her labia and that fold by her clit, Ruthie releasing me from her mouth to take in a deep breath, every time I reached her clit and sucked it gently.
This was sheer sexual sensory overload. It felt like she was all over my dick. Coolness where she'd licked me, warmth where she had me in her mouth, hands holding my balls, stroking my bum, even slightly teasing my ring while I was almost snogging her soft, engaging, beautiful cunt, sucking on her clitoris and pushing into her vagina.
Her response was to open her legs even wider, allowing me deeper, the deepest my tongue had ever penetrated her vagina. I was so driven by the urge to please her, I licked beyond her vulva, just onto her perineum, which made her loudly shout.
"OH, YOU GORGEOUS FUCKER. MY CUNT...IT'S...OH...YOU'RE SO FAR IN...SO FAR DOWN"
I had to stop before long. Apart from my heart threatening to burst out of my chest with the exhilaration of what I was doing and feeling, the underside of my tongue was telling me that I needed to stop, sore from my teeth as I sought to pleasure my gorgeous, sexy girlfriend.
We were both perspiring as we stopped, panting, still face-to-genitals on Ruthie' bed.
"Ruthie?"
"Mmmmm, yes, honey." She spoke the way you would after a hard run, the words coming between breaths.
"I so love licking you out. Your cunt is wonderful."
"Oh, I love it...You're finding sexy bits I didn't know I had!" A short pause then. "Honey?"
"Yes, my lovely." I'm laid on my back, my hand on her tummy.
"Can we play? You know..."
"I know."
I turned on my side and kissed her hip. Her legs parted again, so I slid one finger down, between her wet labia, picking up moisture. I lifted myself as my finger traced her lush moistness across to her perineum to her ring.
Ruthie had been gently teasing my penis but, the second I touched her anus, I felt her let my penis go, grab her thighs with her hands so her hips pushed down to part her bum cheeks.
I began to massage her, with her own pussy juice, directly on her ring, pausing only to gently caress the skin surrounding it.
I pressed on her ring again, more firmly and she let out a deep "aaah, yes" as I continued to stroke and massage her bottom.
I knelt up, side on to her.
"Ruthie, do you want to play?" Slowly and quietly, she responds.
"Please,
so
much.
You...
can
go
as
far...
as you like, mmm."
I got the little bottle of oil from her bedside table and some tissues. A little oil in the cap and I was ready.
"I'll go gently, honey. Tell me if you don't like anything."
"O...K...honey"
Her glorious, perfect naked form was laid before me as I knelt between her legs. Her bush, glistening with sweat, saliva and her own moisture looked wonderful.
Lifting one leg at a time, I placed her feet on my chest. She was fully on display for me so I massaged some oil into two fingers. I started rubbing her opening with one.
Ruthie closed her eyes and relaxed her body. She had a real feeling now for what I was doing and, with less resistance than before, my finger started to push into her ring.
Slowly, with a little firmness and pressure each time, listening to the breathing, the sounds of pleasure, the words of encouragement of my beautiful lover, my fingertip entered further until her ring surrounded it. Eventually, I could feel my fingertip pass into the space beyond it.
I didn't want to hurt or surprise her. As delicately as I could, I moved in, and out, to allow the oil to soften and lubricate her.
With further small pushes, my finger fully entered her, the pressure from her ring now down towards the base of my finger.
Ruthie was immersed in it but settled, her breathing matching the slow rhythm I was establishing inside her
"Are you ready for a little more?"
"Mmm, yes please."
I pulled out for a moment and started to introduce my middle finger. With fresh oil on it, Ruthie made an "ooh" sound but I checked to see she was OK.
"Oh, that's a little wider. Ooh...yes. I like the extra oil, honey. Makes you slip into me."
She was reacting to everything, feeling it all. She drew in a deep breath and arched her back slightly, her feet applying pressure to my chest.
"Mmm, honey?" Her eyes open for the first time for a few minutes.
"Honey, let me get up for a moment. I want to change position. I want to see if I can take you."
She went to get 2 towels and laid them on the bed.
"Sit back for me, honey. I want to get you ready."
I sat on the towel with my arms behind me, supporting me. Ruthie got the oil. She poured a little puddle into her palm, rubbed her hands together and then massaged my erection.
Such an erotic feeling, her handling me this way, her skin sliding over mine, gripping it and working the oil into me so that all of my very hard penis glistened with it. She continued to play with me, but this was much more than masturbation. It was a lubricated, gentle, tactile, fulsome fondling of my erection. She made sure every single part was fully oiled, even massaging my foreskin back, and back, and back, until I could feel the oil coating my glans.
"I could so suck you now and make you come in my mouth but I want you in my bum."
I was so hard that it was almost like my penis was in control of me.
Ruthie moved into her new position. She was on the bed, on all fours but then she pushed her bum out towards me. Her ring was shining with the wetness of the oil. I could see that her anus was parted just slightly, as if to show she was ready to accept me.
"I'm ready for you, honey." Ruthie smiled at me and gave her bum a little wiggle. "And honey?"
"Yes, my lovely."
"Make me yours...completely...you know how."
I got behind her on my knees.
For the first time, my oiled glans touched her ring. She gasped. She knew what was there.
I massaged her ring with my finger and she started to accept me in again. Supporting my penis with my hand, I removed my finger and pushed my tip onto her. I applied a little more pressure onto her. Her ring started to give a little. Her breathing was deep, intense.
I dabbed a finger in the oil again and rubbed her ring to leave a fresh layer of oil on her. More oil on my raging erection, glistening with the now rich layers applied to it. I knelt up to her again and it was the extra oil that helped. I pushed into her and she began to give way.
Her ring relaxed to accept my tip and I felt the incredible tightness, but no friction as my glans passed into her opening, bit by bit.
Ruthie was concentrating and keeping control of her body movements but was murmuring. Gentle sounds, "oohs" and "aahs" as she felt my thick, oiled, shaft enter more, deeper. I was so careful to not go too far, too fast but, through little in and out movements, I tried to make sure I was slightly further in. Very slight movements but a little more each time.
Our bodies worked together. I pushed a little more again, and again, then once more. Ruthie let out a loud "ohhh" as I felt my glans pass her ring of muscle into her warm, moist but less tight area. She was panting, the beads of sweat on her back betraying the work her body was doing in performing this deeply intimate sexual act.
I slid in a little further. The strength of her ring around my erection was amazing but the oil helped our skin glide as I held her hips, far in enough that my cock was almost halfway.
Ruthie raised herself slightly so her bum moved down.
"Honey, I can take all of you all like this."
She was so right. With her arms extended, her bum pushed out further, she began to accept more of me into her until my hips were against her body and I felt her ring towards the base of my penis.
I never thought I could feel so, so deep inside her, her anal muscle gently squeezing around me. We were both hot and sweating as we very slowly moved around together, immersed completely in our first full anal sex together. Just beginning to feel a rhythm together. I dared not thrust in case I might have hurt her.
"Are you good, my lovely?"
"You're...so...deep...inside....aaaah."
She was panting urgently. Short, sharp but deep breaths.
She spoke in quick bursts as our passion built.
"Fucking....fabulous"
"Oh, your dick..."
"I can feel...your shape...you're so thick."
We had a very slow, concentrated movement until Ruthie placed a hand on mine.
"Just go...all the way in...and hold still, honey."
She took a strong, deep breath and then relaxed and murmured. She ran a hand through that wonderful mop of blonde hair.
"OK, honey. Try to move in and out of me. A little gentle pump."
Very gently, I began an in-and-out motion. Our movement together had been the ideal foreplay. Little movements either way at first but, gradually, more extended until a good part of my length was, very slowly, moving in and out of her.
"Oh, honey. This is the deepest fuck of my life." Ruthie murmured.
"I know. It's just so bloody gorgeous."
"Go nice and slow for me."
"Hold on, let me oil myself again, Ruthie."
I withdrew from her and applied another layer of oil onto my surging erection. As I finished and was ready to enter her again, I asked her. "Do you want me to come in you?"
"Yes. Take me, honey. I need my bum to have you in there. I so love you there. You coming in me makes me yours. I want that so much."
I met her ring again and she was much more accepting this time. The extra oil did not remove the tightness but allowed me to move inside her and discover a rhythm. The sensation of her ring sliding up and down my erection. I was building up, becoming even larger.
"Oh shit, honey. You got bigger inside me, didn't you?"
"Yes, I'm fucking lost in you. You're doing this. Your ring is wanking my dick!"
"It's amazing. My hole can feel you grow. Oh..."
It's like she had a grip of me like no hand ever had. The sheer sensuality and closeness and deepness was taking me somewhere I'd never been.
And then...I felt the heat, the pressure build in me. Ruthie was moving with me and we were absolutely together. I tried to hold on but I couldn't do it anymore.
"OH FUCK....YES!" I roared as I let go what felt like a river of semen into her. My pulsing, throbbing cock pushing against the strength of her anal muscle as I continued to move in and out while still hard after coming.
Sudden urgency from Ruthie.
"Keep going, keep going."
Ruthie reached below and rubbed herself. I was convinced I could almost feel her fingers in her vagina glancing against my penis in her bum. What a feeling. She wasn't touching me but...she was!
Ruthie's back stretched out with one arm sliding down the bed ahead of her while her fingers were still buried deep in her. Her climax was immense as I could feel her body tense as it gave way to her pleasure.
Finally, we stopped moving and she let out a deep, deep, long moan. I could feel her fingers exit her vagina as she collapsed onto her shoulders and her face to one side against the pillow.
I had just about enough energy to withdraw from her before collapsing on the bed beside her. She'd not moved, her bum still pushed out behind her. We were both panting, sweaty and exhausted from a completely consuming sexual experience.
I heard Ruthie's voice as we laid still where we flopped.
"I...I...honey, oh fuck."
I was incapable of speaking properly so couldn't respond yet.
"You took me somewhere there."
Ruthie's breathing finally found its normal level and she pushed her legs out and turned over, laid out on her back.
"Your cock was so far inside me. It was...oh, honey, it was a little like we were one person."
Finally, I had it together enough to reply.
"When I was deep inside you, it's like you were holding me in a grip round the bottom of my cock."
"I could feel you grow. I could feel your shape. It was immense, like we were joined together."
"Did it hurt you at all?"
"When your dick first went in, it was a mixture of turn-on and pain but the oil helped and when your tip went through my ring into my bum, it just turned into sheer fucking sexual pleasure. So big..."
"So, you like what we did?"
"Oh yes. I couldn't do it all the time. I like your cock in my pussy too much, honey, but, if it's like that, it's a whole lot of fucking fun now and again."
Eventually, we roused ourselves to take turns in the shower and put the towels in the wash. We went back to bed and slept. We'd used so much energy that we couldn't find the effort to do anything else.
We had been as physically and intimately close as it was possible to get. Mutual submission, passion and satisfaction. It was an intense, sexual and beautiful way to make love.
-
The following morning was almost gone by the time we'd fully woken. Both of us were still thinking about the previous night.
"Do you feel OK, my lovely?"
"Oh, I do, honey. There's no doubt my bum is telling me something happened yesterday, if you know what I mean, but it was so deeply erotic. I still can't get over how I feel about it."
"I hope that's a good thing?"
"Oh, it is. I don't want to go on about things from before but last night was so unlike that. It was really gorgeous. When, just before you came, you got even bigger, I couldn't work out if it was you growing or my arse trying to squeeze the life out of you!"
We lay there for a while, gently stroking and kissing each other.
"You know, we have Jules coming tonight, Ruthie."
"Yes, we do. That will be exciting, won't it?"
"Have you had a think about what you'd like to do?"
"Very honestly, honey?"
"Yes."
"I want to get into her pussy and I want her in mine."
"At the same time?"
"Well, yes but I had a very sexy thought about a triangular thing because, if she's licking me, you could lick her and I could suck you."
"That sounds extremely tantalising."
We spent a while talking about a few other things to do with Jules but there was a question I felt we should get straight.
"Ruthie, I want to ask you because I would imagine it's something that could happen with Jules depending on things. How would you feel if I had sex again with Jules? Would it be too much?"
"I think, if we're getting well into things and that happens, I either want to be watching or have my mouth and pussy occupied at the time."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, if we're doing a threesome with Jules then it's all OK."
"You were very good at taking the lead the last time."
"I know, I was thinking about that. I quite liked it, honey. You know, being a little dominant."
"Well, you know what you want and I think Jules was happy just to be there letting things happen."
We got up and went out for a walk, both of us musing and talking about sex, most of the afternoon.
9pm and, after a bite to eat, we went around to Jules' house to meet her to go down the pub. Jules' new look had held firm and she had a nice wraparound dress on under a mac and a new pair of heels on by the look of them. She was on good form and gave us both a kiss on the lips. We headed off, arm-in-arm-in-arm towards the pub.
The potential events of the night to come remained undiscussed until we got to the pub. With the first drink of the night in hand, we managed to get one of their booths, this time with a round table in the corner.
Jules slipped her coat off and there was no doubt she hadn't worried about a bra, her breasts comfortably stressing the material on her dress. If the material was any thinner, the little bumps on her areolae would be showing through. The twitch I felt down below was an automatic reaction to her body, covered only by that single layer.
Predictably, the discussion zoomed off at a hundred miles an hour!
I began. "So, I'm liking the dress, Jules. You've decided that this is you now then."
"Yes, I have, Andy, and, I might say, I have come dressed for sex tonight."
"Is that right?"
"Yep, one tug of this belt and I am as naked as the day I was born."
Ruthie entered her thoughts on it.
"So that makes two of us then!" Ruthie had her summer dress on from the previous day, seeing as she didn't wear it for that long before!
"Oh, really, my girl." says Jules "You're letting the air get to you then?"
"Every part of me, Jules, every part."
"So, Andy, what about you?" Both women stare intently at me. I'm rather pleased I dispensed with the idea of underwear when we eventually got up earlier.
"Well, Jules, what I'm wearing is what you see."
"OK. Mind if I have a check? Ruthie?"
Ruthie was clearly feeling a bit naughty obviously as she nodded her agreement to Jules. Jules slid round so she was right next to me.
"Lean back a little for me, Andy."
I did as requested and Jules quickly had my zip pulled down.
"Now, let me check this."
My mind was fizzing slightly as Jules' hand slipped inside my undone zip and, as she was to the left of me and I dressed to the right naturally, her hand stroked along my growing penis. She gave it a little squeeze and I hardened, pushing against her hand as it grew in response to her touch, fighting for space in my jeans.
Jules responded in a quiet voice close to both of us.
"Oooh, Andy. You seem excited. I think my hand is on your dick."
"I'm very aware of where your hand is, Jules."
Ruthie then got involved, putting her hand on my jeans on top of where Jules' hand was underneath.
"Oh, Jules, you have got your hand there, haven't you." Ruthie said, giving me a very suggestive smile.
The pub was noisy and the round table we sat at was quite big which meant that the actuality of what was happening was shielded from view unless they were sitting underneath our table.
Ruthie explored things with Jules who had not yet felt the need to remove her hand from inside my jeans.
"Are you thinking about what you might do with that tonight?"
"Well, Ruthie, I know where I want it. Let me spell it out for you. M -- o -- u -- t -- h and c -- u -- n -- t. Not necessarily in that order."
I jumped in.
"Now ladies, you both have your hands on my cock. Have I missed something or is your aim for me to be the one having to wank off in the toilets because you've made me go too far?"
Ruthie laughed and replied. "On no, that's still Jules' part in all this."
"Er, excuse me!" Jules responded, whilst drawing her hand slowly out of my jeans leaving a rather fully erect penis inside. "You might find that doesn't happen now."
"Oh, why is that?" Ruthie is intrigued.
"Well, the last time we...got it together, I was able to get some of what had been turning me on in public. You, Ruthie. I hope I'm not being too forward if I suggest that this might continue later on?"
"I imagine it will, Jules."
"Well, my fantasy is turning into fact so I have the real thing to turn me on. Don't get me wrong, even getting hold of Andy there gets me going but in a different way."
"Well, we'll have to see about that, Jules."
"Ruthie, do you have a plan then?" I ask, in a leading sort of way.
"I do."
We leave it for a little while and, second drink in, Jules pops to the loo.
"Honey, it's time to test out Jules' theory."
"Oh yes?"
"Yes, because I think, for all the chat, she still can't keep it together. Also, she doesn't know what we did yesterday and I know that she is curious about it."
"OK, Ruthie. You lead, I'll back up."
Jules returned.
She did look superb in her dress. She was confident about the fact that her body shape was on show with the simmering, silky material, showing off her nipples and their movement beneath the dress as she walked. Her air was that of a self-assured woman who knew she looked really good.
I did catch myself thinking I was going to enjoy that dress coming off later.
"Right, are we making this the last one? I have some vodka to pick up from mine before we go to yours, Ruthie."
"Oh yes, we won't hang around. More interesting things to do. By the way, we didn't tell you what we got up to yesterday."
"No, Ruthie. Come on...tell all."
"So, you can guess, Jules. Yes/No game."
"Really? Oh OK. Um, is it something you did together?"
"Yes."
"Was it in your bedroom?"
"Yes."
"Is it something you've done before together?"
"No."
"Have you and I talked about it before?"
"Yes."
"Was it recently?"
"No."
"Christ, now I've got to remember."
"Do you want a clue?"
"Yes."
"We're all sitting on them right now."
"What sort of clue is that...no...hold on...fuck, NO. Did you both do...up the bum?"
"Yes, we did."
"What? Playing? You know, fingers? Toys?"
"No. Full on."
"You...are...kidding. No, fucking hell. What, him...his dick..." She pointed at me, "in your...oh, fuck me, what was it like?"
"Well, a bit of a mix of pain and pleasure at first but, once Andy got his tip past my ring, it was fucking amazing."
"Oh really. Oh..." I nudged Ruthie because Jules' right hand had slipped below the table while she was leaning on her left facing towards us. I jumped in.
"So, Jules, at one point when I was really deep, it was like we were one person, her grip on me was so tight round my cock. It made me even bigger."
"Um, oh...wow!" Jules right arm was giving away that something was happening. I continued.
"It was a bit oily because we didn't want to hurt each other but it was fantastic. By the way, are you playing with yourself? I wanted to do that later for you."
"Oh, you fucking shits, both of you. I'll be back." Jules got up and strode off to the loos.
Ruthie and I looked at each other and burst out laughing.
"So, honey, she's not quite in control of things yet then."
"No, and I think we can make her lose even more control later."
"Oh, I do hope so, honey. Are you still OK about tonight?"
"As long as you are, my lovely."
Ruthie was the one being conscious this time that this tryst with Jules was not going to encroach on us.
Jules returned, looking quite settled and demure considering she must have just wanked herself off in the pub toilets...again.
We finished our drinks and left. Ruthie winked at me and held my hand tight. Jules grabbed my other arm and we walked back, first to Jules' house for her to grab her vodka and a little bag and then to Ruthie's.
Into the house, we were all aware of what we were here to do. We went into the kitchen and made drinks. Vodka for all of us. Tonic for Jules, Coke for Ruthie and I. I decided to say something. I took Jules' hand.
"Jules. Tonight, please say if you feel uneasy about anything that happens. Also, don't be afraid to say if there's something you'd like. We're here to please each other."
Jules squeezed back. "I want whatever you have to give...both of you...it will be so special."
Jules came close to my face.
"Firstly, I would like this." and Jules kissed me.
Her full lips made contact with mine and she was forward with her tongue. I felt her exploring me and I responded. We parted as Ruthie stood behind her and placed her hands on Jules' back. Her hands moved slowly around to Jules' waist and started to undo the tie belt on the front of Jules' dress.
The belt fell to the floor and Jules' dress opened. Her breasts held the sides from falling completely away but made for a totally alluring and arousing sight.
Jules' gorgeous darker skin (which, I discovered in the pub earlier, was from her Spanish grandmother, although, apart from this, she was about as Spanish as a London bus!) showed beneath her now opened dress. The edge of her breasts, her navel and her pubic hair, subtlely now on display to me.
Ruthie's hands came up and she held Jules' breasts from below through the dress, feeling their shape, brushing her nipples with her fingers through the material. Jules closed her eyes and drew in a breath. I reached inside her dress and rested my hands on her bare hips.
I so wanted to be in contact with her skin.
I knelt down so I was level with her pubic hair, which was very neat and trimmed. I kissed around its edge, feeling her skin on my face. My hands made contact with Ruthie's above the material of Jules' dress. Ruthie slowly pulled it back off of Jules' shoulders so that it joined the belt on the floor.
Jules was naked except for her heels. My hands rested underneath Jules' bare breasts as Ruthie turned side on to us. I heard a muffled "mmm" and looked up. Ruthie and Jules were locked in a passionate kiss, their tongues clearly in mutual exploration.
I ran my tongue down from Jules' navel into her pubic hair. Jules broke free from Ruthie to let out a sigh of pleasure and to speak.
"I so want both of you now."
Ruthie knew what to do.
"We should go up to my room. We can relax and get comfortable with each other."
Ruthie took Jules' hand. Jules followed Ruthie up the stairs, naked in her shoes and I was close behind. I removed my T-shirt as we got into Ruthie's room. Jules laid on the bed with her legs slightly apart, kicking her shoes off her feet.
"Please lick me."
Ruthie and I looked at each other. Ruthie peeled off her dress to reveal her gorgeous naked body that I knew so well and she moved to be between Jules legs.
"Are you ready for me, Jules?"
"Oh, my girl, I've been wanting you for years."
Ruthie moved over Jules and explored her body, kissing and brushing her way down until she reached her bush. Jules let out a loud gasp. Ruthie pushed Jules's legs further apart. Her head was moving in a gentle rhythm as her tongue explored Jules.
Watching this, I had to strip off. My penis was already throbbing. I moved behind Ruthie. Her bum was up in the air so I teased her labia with my erection. I heard her murmur approvingly between licks. She shuffled her legs apart so her labia parted, an invitation for me to enter.
I held back. Instead, I ran my hands over her bum, teasing her anal opening with my finger and then stroking her labia, tracing my finger along the crease.
Soon, Ruthie's lips gave up a little moistness and my finger slipped between them, gently exploring her vagina and clitoris. Ruthie rose a moment and took a breath.
"Can you get to me to lick me, honey?"
I knelt down and Ruthie's legs parted more and her bum moved back. I was able to kneel on the floor at the end of the bed. My tongue touched Ruthie's labia. It took a moment but, as Ruthie had a rhythm with Jules' clitoris then I was able to match mine with hers and it felt like we moved in unison.
Jules was quite vocal and talked to Ruthie, telling her where it was best for her. Suddenly, Jules stopped talking and let out a long, deep moan.
"You've...got...me...Ruth...fuck."
Jules almost pushed herself into the bed as she finished feeling her orgasm charge through her.
"Oh, Ruthie. I love you for doing that. You sexy girl."
"Let me lay on you. Andy's going to make me come too."
Ruthie turned over and laid between Jules' legs, her blonde hair against Jules' breasts. Ruthie's legs rested on my shoulders as I got down and plunged my tongue fully into her labia. I lifted up slightly to change where Ruthie's hips were and, slowly, I was able to enter her vagina a little with my tongue.
"Oh fuck. Yes, honey. I want your tongue and your cock."
I lifted up for a moment.
"You want me inside a little."
"Mmm, yes please."
I positioned myself over Ruthie on the bed and my very hard length slid into Ruthie easily without help. I loved that our bodies could unite this easily now, like we were made for each other.
The whole situation was so erotic, I knew that I didn't want to come so quickly. I felt hands in my hair as I was over Ruthie, thrusting into her. It was Jules, running her hands through my long hair while my head was level with her breasts and Ruthie's face.
I was conflicted. I could so easily get fully into Ruthie now and fill her up. Jules looked me in the eyes and spoke to me.
"Maybe you could make my girl come then maybe you can come in me."
I withdrew and resumed with my tongue pushing strongly into Ruthie's vagina. Ruthie was murmuring and breathing heavily. I was on her clitoris and Ruthie's legs widened.
I looked up briefly. Ruthie had her eyes closed as Jules fulsomely massaged her tits. I wanted her to come so I sucked her clit. The motion of that was enough for Ruthie. Her hips pushed down on my face as her back stretched and, as the house was ours, she let go completely.
"Oh, I'm coming, you fucking wonderful man! Don't stop, get your tongue in my cunt again."
She felt me enter and lap her vigorously and let out another sigh. As she began to subside, instead of sucking her clitoris, I started to lick the little fold that led up to the tip. The fold that I knew flicked a switch.
"Oh, oh, oh, fuck...yes...again...aaaaAAAHH. I'm there againnnn." Ruthie came harder the second time, her body slightly shuddering with the force of it.
"Oooh, yes, honey, yes, yes, yes. Ohhhhh..."
Ruthie started to ease down from an incredible, noisy peak. Jules was still massaging and playing with Ruthie's breasts but now very gently, probably adding to her orgasmic high.
I'm still between Ruthie's legs, my head resting on her pubic hair, enjoying her scent, the sound of her. Slowly, our breathing returns to normal. I lifted my head and spoke first.
"Jules. Did you imagine sex with Ruthie like that?"
"I have dreamed about it for so long and the real thing was so much better."
"Ruthie?"
"I've never licked a girl before. I loved it. Jules?"
"Very...special...sex, my girl. Me and you together. Just brilliant."
A little while later, we separated ourselves from each other. Ruthie went to the loo and I climbed up on the bed.
It made my head spin a little when Jules asked for a cuddle and moved in to my side so my arm was around her, her breasts were against me and her leg was over mine. I could feel her pubic hair against my thigh. It's the sort of cuddle Ruthie and I had enjoyed many times but it was Jules there instead.
"I hope you don't mind, Andy. It's just that...I've never had a cuddle like this naked with a man before."
"Never?"
"No."
"What about the bloke you were seeing before Christmas?"
"No. When I look back on that, he was a "fuck and run" merchant. It's just that we went out to a few places together before the usual occurred."
"Is he the last guy then?"
"Yes. I've not slept with anyone since."
"Wow, so you were serious about saving yourself like Ruthie did then?"
"Yes, Andy. I'm fucking tired of being used for a cheap shag. What we've done so far is the only sexual contact I've had since then and, frankly, it's been the best proper sex I've ever had."
"Why?"
"Because even though I'm the extra person in this, so to say, I've still felt more cared for and appreciated than with any man, or boy, I was ever with. I'm here because I want it, and you both want it. It feels different, but better."
I looked in to Jules eyes. She looked at me, her chin now rested on her arm which was across my chest.
"Jules, come close please."
She moved up to me, I pushed her hair away from her face and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips.
"You know, Jules. I think we both want you to feel, after this, what it is to be aroused, adored, appreciated, satisfied...all those things. If I can fulfil you tonight then I would be very happy, and I think Ruthie would be too, especially after what you two shared tonight already."
Ruthie came back in and knelt by the side of the bed.
"You two look comfortable."
"Would you like my other arm, my lovely?"
"Actually no. I would like a little rest and a drink but..."
"Yes, Ruthie?" Jules asks, looking at her.
Ruthie waited a moment, her eyes locked on Jules. I said nothing as there was a bit of a feeling I could sense between Ruthie and Jules going on and I didn't want to but in. I also got the feeling that Ruthie wanted to guide things in a certain direction.
"I'm so glad we got close earlier, Jules, and maybe you can return the favour later. But, for now..."
"Yes, Ruthie?"
"I will get us drinks. I think you would really enjoy it if you got to find out why I love this man so much...how he has made me feel...what I get when he makes love to me."
"Oh Ruthie. Really?"
"Yes. This man here made me feel like a sexually confident woman for the first time in my life...and you deserve that too. I'll be back in a little while...to watch."
Jules felt the need to reply "Watch what, Ruthie?"
Ruthie answered slowly and deliberately.
"To...watch...you....and...my...man...enjoy...a...big...long...fuck."
And with that, Ruthie got up and her gorgeous naked form sauntered slowly out of the bedroom, leaving the door slightly open.
Jules looked at the door and then at me. I moved around to be next to her, face down on the bed, supporting myself on my elbows to look at her.
Jules' facial expression had a degree of vulnerability that I'd only ever seen the first time we had done the "3".
"Jules, are you OK?"
"I think so...it's just that...I've just never been in this position before, knowing that something good, like this, is going to happen. I don't know how it feels. I guess I'm too used to the quick fucks."
I don't want her to be unsure.
"I'm sure Ruthie will want to join us at some point. I'm certain of it, but, we can be as close as you want us to be."
"Oh Andy. I'm all talk really but I do, especially after the other night...I do want to know what it's like to have sex with you like this. I know we did a quick one in the park but this, here. I already know it's going to be different...better."
"Jules, I want you to be able to say "no", to tell me what you like, what you don't like. It's your choice, entirely. I can say this because Ruthie knows. I think you're an astoundingly attractive woman, even more so since you decided to change things a little."
"Really, do you?"
It was time to make my feelings clear.
"Yes. You're beautiful. I am ready to do whatever you would like to. I want to please you and make you feel as good sexually as it's possible for me to do. Anything you want, Jules. A little bit or the whole way. Ruthie knows, we've talked about it. You've already seen how into you she is tonight. I'm ready to be there too for you tonight. Is that OK?"
"Yes, Andy. Yes."
I lifted myself so we were face-to-face, me over her. I was aware of her breasts against my chest as our lips met and we fell into a deep, close kiss.
Our lips parted and she was looking at me. There were no words. My face brushed against hers and I made my way, by kissing, licking, brushing my face against her skin, down towards her breasts, teasing her nipples and kissing around them. All of this accompanied by a soundtrack of little gasps, murmurs and moans from Jules.
I continued, down, down, past her navel, to her pubic hair. I kissed around it and Jules' parted her legs in anticipation.
Her bush was so neat. She'd taken some care as her tight dark curls swept from a small triangle to a strip covering a single line down to her perineum.
I began to lick along the crease, every so often just pushing gently with my tongue, between her lips. Jules moaned and murmured more powerfully as I gradually broke through and explored all of her with my tongue slowly, delicately, but fully. Her breathing became quite pronounced and her hips moved in time with the lick of my tongue.
"Andy." I stop for a moment.
"Yes, Jules. Are you OK." I lift my head to face her, my mouth full of her taste, her flavour.
"I need you. I really want to have sex with you. Now...please. I need you there...please."
"Is there a way you would like it, Jules?"
"Just on top of me. I...I want to feel your body, your weight on me."
I moved up to be between her legs, my full erection laying on her brown skin. I kissed her neck and shoulders. I felt her arms curl round my shoulders to embrace me, one hand reaching into my hair.
"This is so good. God, I wish this was my first time."
"Am I where you want me, Jules?"
"Yes, so much. I want to feel you in me."
Jules' thighs rubbed against my hips as her legs wrapped around mine. For the first time being this close, this intimate, I was amazed at how my erection was there, my tip feeling her moisture.
With the slightest guidance, my dick pushed her labia apart and slid gently into her vagina. Jules was a little tighter than Ruthie so I made sure to be as gentle as I could. Controlling my hips, my body, as my shaft eventually passed deep into her.
We stopped, her hips lifting against the pressure of my body. I was fully in. Our pubes rubbing together, her legs now out to either side to get me as close as possible.
I spoke gently directly into her ear.
"Jules, I'm so deep into you. You're marvellous."
Jules' reply is breathy, reacting to the passion she was feeling.
"Andy, I can't...you're....big...deep...I love it."
"It's OK, Jules. What can I do."
"I want your come in me, Andy. Fuck me how you want to and let yourself go."
Jules closed her eyes. her hands started to slide up my back. Jules began to move with my gentle pushes in and out and we found ourselves going together quite quickly. Two bodies, moving with each other, Jules reacting. She grabbed my bum and her urge, her erotic energy displayed itself as she began to express how this was for her.
"On Andy, I can't believe you're fucking me. It's amazing. I love your cock there."
"You like it hard and deep."
"I like you hard and deep. I'm think I'm gonna....aaaahhh"
She doesn't finish her sentence. She begins to writhe a little and everything -- her movement, her murmurs, her sharp breaths, her moans, her sighs, her vagina pulsing on my cock, told me she was building to quite a peak.
I became determined to try and make her come. My adrenaline was up. How could it not be driving into this gorgeous, passionate woman. My body began to sweat with the energetic thrusting that was happening between us. We weren't holding back, Jules pulling at my body with every deep thrust, sometimes slightly lifting her midriff as I got deep.
Jules spoke between breaths and pants.
"I've...never...had...sex...like...this...Ooooh."
Her body moves became stronger. I whispered to her.
"Do you want my cock or my tongue right now?"
"Oh...shit, you...choose...I just fucking want all of you."
I withdrew and moved quickly down. I lifted her legs so they were against my shoulders. Her vagina was fully exposed. I pushed my tongue as deep as it would go. Jules cried out and her hands landed in my hair, pulling my head into her. I found her clitoris with my tongue and lapped it, fully, sucking it when I could.
"FU---CKING---HELL---Yesssss."
Jules gave in and her body went rigid for a moment as her orgasm completely took over her body.
"Oh...oh...yes...aaah."
I lifted my head. Jules's look was determined, despite her breathlessness.
"That was something else. Now, Andy, please fuck me, come in me, I want you now."
I was back on top and straight into her, deep, no compromise, full on raw fucking. Her passionate response made it animalistic, untamed. I got up onto my knees and lifted her hips onto my thighs and entered her again, this time reaching even deeper.
"OH MY FUCKING GOD" Jules was loud! "How far in are you? I've never had this. Fuck me, oh yes."
I felt Ruthie's hand brush across my back as she appeared next to me. She knelt and whispers into Jules' ear.
"Yes, Ruthie. Yes." I hear Jules say.
Ruthie got up on the bed and her legs were either side of Jules' head. She was facing me. I hold myself, slowly moving inside Jules, allowing Ruthie to set herself. Jules moved her head and the pillows around. I heard her voice
"I'm ready for you, my girl."
Ruthie slowly dropped her hips slightly and looked directly at me. Jules made contact with her labia and Ruthie's eyes closed, her mouth opened and she sighed as Jules explored her with her mouth. From where I was, I could see the occasional flick of Jules' tongue, her hands now on Ruthie's thighs.
I was still inside Jules, gently thrusting. Ruthie put a hand on my shoulder.
"Let me suck your cock. I want to taste her on you."
I pulled out slowly and knelt up on the bed. Ruthie moved forward, careful to keep her pussy within reach of Jules' tongue but, as I rose, still between Jules' very splayed legs, Ruthie took my very erect penis, glistening with Jules' juice, into her mouth, her movement on me communicating some of what she was feeling from Jules' mouth on her.
My mind was buzzing with the feeling of Ruthie surrounding my erection with her warm mouth and tongue but I could see there was more that could happen.
"Ruthie?" She released me and looked up.
"Why don't you return the favour for Jules?"
"Oooh yes, honey. Do you mind?"
I moved away and watched, massaging my now substantial hardness, looking as Ruthie's blond hair moved around between Jules' legs. The rhythm of their bodies together was a sight to behold and it was all I could do to resist wanking myself off there and then. My penis was so damn hard. I could hear my heartbeat in my ears.
Both Ruthie and Jules' bodies were moving and curving. Jules released for a moment to let out a loud cry of pleasure as Ruthie hit a spot. Jules looked at me.
"Andy, your cock, your cock."
I moved round to stand next to Jules and she grabbed hold of me, moving her hand up and down my length, sometimes stroking, sometimes gripping, wanking me. All this while she resumed her deep, intense moment with Ruthie. Watching Jules tongue openly flicking around Ruthie's pussy was beyond erotic. It was transfixing me.
I could tell from Ruthie's movements that she was moving towards an orgasm and she released herself from Jules' cunt.
I moved back down to Ruthie.
"Let me get back in. I want to come in Jules."
"Yes, honey. I want to see you fuck her, give her your come."
Ruthie moved back up and let me get back, kneeling and lifting Jules hips again. I slid my rock hard penis back into Jules and she gasped. Ruthie and I stared at each other and we kissed, deeply, fully as I built a rhythm again inside Jules. Ruthie puts her head on my shoulder again and I hear her say.
"Jules has me close. Fill her up, honey."
We were a triangle of bodies, of sex, of passion. Jules was working Ruthie's cunt while I'm now thrusting strongly into Jules but with Ruthie and I, her hand round my head, exchanging kisses when we could, panting, feeling it all.
I took hold of Jules' hips. We were all moving with each other. Ruthie's hands lifted away from contact with me and she stretched, both arms right up accompanied by a robust "aaaaahhhh.". That was it, Jules had made her come.
That just made me even more excited knowing Ruthie was satisfied. Jules got the most ferocious, abandoned, rampant performance I could give her.
Fast, hard, unrelenting -- but Jules was into it, going with it, looking at me, into where we were going, our bodies banging together, urgently fucking each other.
Jules shouts "OHHHH, FUCK ME, YES"
I thrusted and held her hips tight and, before long, the heat, the adrenaline, the movement, the sounds, the sweat, combine and I come, my penis pulsing deeply as a long spray of semen flowed from me deep inside Jules.
It was sheer carnal fervour. I wanted myself deep in her and for her to feel it all. One last pulse and thrust and that was it. I was completely spent.
Ruthie and I leaned against each other. Jules face was to one side, kissing Ruthie's thigh. My erection was slowly subsiding after slipping out of Jules. We both moved away from Jules. We were all hot and sweaty and exhausted and satisfied and there was an unmistakeable smell of sex in the air.
We got either side of Jules as she laid, flat out on the bed, her eyes staring vacantly to the ceiling.
"Oh Jules. You made me come. That was fantastic and, honey?" Ruthie reached for my hand, "I loved being close to you while you came in Jules. That was special."
Jules responded. "If this is what he does to you, how do you ever get out of bed? I mean, oh my fucking God."
We both turned into her and got into some kind of three-way cuddle, Ruthie's and my arms and legs intertwined over Jules whose breasts were framed by our arms. Her hand rested on my side.
"I've never had that from a man, Andy. You were all about me weren't you...both of you"
"Yes, Jules. I was, and I know Ruthie was. We wanted to make you feel as good as you possibly could do."
Ruthie gently stroked Jules' hair.
"I told you, Jules. He treats you as a woman, an equal, someone who deserves to feel, to come, to just feel fucking marvellous."
"Oh, I feel that and more, my girl. Oh my God."
Ruthie's head popped up and rested on Jules' breast as she spoke to me.
"Are you OK, honey?"
"I am, my lovely. I think Jules enjoyed it a little."
"What am I going to do now?" Jules interjected. "How am I going to find someone who'll fuck me like that. I mean, for Christ's sake..."
We all started to laugh because, despite what we'd just done together, we all felt good about it because Jules did.
In this gorgeous post-orgasmic cuddle, it was really nice to talk it all out.
"Ruthie, I loved it when you got involved, my lovely."
"I couldn't resist, honey. I was so horny watching you two together that I just had to. It was a bit like that night at Cass's -- you know -- except that I could get involved. Anyway, I wanted Jules' tongue on me...and it was great!"
Jules smiled. "Did I get you going, my girl?"
"Oh yes. I know where to go if I need some oral sex and my man isn't around!!"
We all laughed again. There was no doubt or insecurity between us all. All of this felt great and we lounged around on Ruthie's bed, completely at ease with our nakedness and contact.
"It feels like it's really late." says Jules. "I guess I should go."
"You don't have to go, Jules. It's late but Andy's staying and maybe there's time for a little more play after a drink and a rest."
"Really? You want me more?"
I replied with some certainty
"Bloody hell, yes, Jules. You are a remarkable, sexy woman and I love being close with you. After a little drink, I'm sure we can play again. Ruthie and I have no plans for tomorrow. Do you?"
Jules looked a little sheepish again.
"No, I don't. Are you both completely sure?"
I moved close to her face and kissed her cheek. "Completely sure."
Ruthie kissed her on her side. "Yes, Jules. Completely sure."
I got drinks from downstairs and we curled up against each other and sipped our drinks. We had no sense of time and it was only my glance to the clock that told me that, as 3 people, we were naked, on a bed enjoying a vodka after some extraordinary sex and it was 2.15 in the morning. It really didn't matter.
It was a perfect atmosphere with the glow from Ruthie's bedside lamp and a little light in the far corner illuminating the room.
"Honey, can I ask you something?"
"Yes. my lovely. What can I do for you?"
"Well, I know I said yesterday I wouldn't want to do the bum sex thing all the time...but..."
Ruthie hesitated.
"Do you want us to do it again, now?"
"I'd like to."
"And Jules?"
"Jules is going to help."
"Really. Can I ask how?"
Jules turned to me. "Don't worry how, Andy. I think you'll enjoy it. You spent so much time pleasing us, it's time for us to start on you."
"OK." I wasn't expecting this. "Where do you want me?"
Ruthie and Jules looked at each other
"Laying down?" Ruthie asks.
"I think so, my girl." said Jules.
I laid down on the bed and let things happen.
Ruthie gave me a full kiss. I could feel hands moving down my body but Ruthie was still kissing me. My erection began to revive form its semi aroused state (I was never going to go completely soft in the presence of two deeply attractive nude women) as a very gentle touch lifted it into a hand. Ruthie lifted away from kissing me and I saw Jules, kneeling by my hip, caressing and stroking my now firm erection.
Ruthie and Jules were opposite each other. They looked at each other, smiled and, slowly, moved in for a brief, but full kiss. Ruthie's hands joined Jules in touching me. Occasionally, I saw them reach for each other. A caress of a breast, a hand drawn down the centre of a body, a touch of a face.
Ruthie bent down and took me in her mouth. The surge from seeing her do it made me grow yet further. She was expressive with her treatment of me. up and down inside her mouth and generous lapping on her tongue on my glans.
Ruthie stopped for a moment.
"Honey. Can I try something?"
"Anything you want to, my lovely."
"OK, tell me how it feels. I want to know if you like it."
Her head returned to my penis but she licked, very slowly, up the length of me until she reached the point where my foreskin attached to the glans. Her tongue circled my glans, circling, circling and I felt her start to push my foreskin back, back, back again until it sat round the bottom of my tip.
I could feel myself harden and lengthen again. Her tongue teased the part of my glans where the skin attached, little touches and licks. It was so sensitive, her movements were so slight but, immediately, drops started to come. She licked them away and then teased again.
Occasionally, she would take me fully in her mouth and elongated the withdrawal of my glans from her lips, making sure she tantalised that area again.
"Are you enjoying it, honey."
"Uh...I....oh fuck...I might...oh."
My head was spinning. My mind was a blank. When Ruthie licked that part, that small area of skin, normally hiding away under my foreskin, my glans, she licked all of me. It felt like it anyway.
"Oh honey. It's that good. OK, I need you to be nice and hard and full of come so let me finish with this."
She dipped her head down on my cock so far, I thought she might gag but, no. With her tongue on the underside, she, again, slowly withdrew my aching, sensitive, rock hard dick from her mouth, sucking my glans so it almost popped as it left the grip of her lips.
"Your turn, Jules?"
"Thank you, Ruthie."
Jules certainly took over, energetically sucking me quite firmly while her forefinger and thumb made a ring round the base of my erection to massage me. This was gorgeous and the feeling of Jules on me took me into submission.
Her long hair brushed against my skin as she worked on me. My mind emptied of thoughts, barely focussing when something was said. Jules released my very hard and full length.
Ruthie had a request for Jules.
"Would you reach into my bedside draw, Jules, please? There's a little bottle there."
"This one?"
"Yes."
Jules handed it to Ruthie.
"Honey, do you want to get me ready?"
"Yes, my lovely. Jules, are you going to watch."
"Yes, I really want to. Can I be next to you?"
"Yes."
I knelt up on the bed and Ruthie was in front of me, her back to me, also kneeling with her legs splayed out. Jules sat beside me. I got some oil ready in the lid of the bottle. Ruthie's pussy was very wet. So moist that I was able to draw a line from her vagina across her perineum and between her bum cheeks.
I dabbed my finger in the oil and started to work my finger into her anus. I could see Ruthie relaxing into it and, quite quickly, I started to enter her ring and gently worked my finger into her. Ruthie began moving with my movement in her. I withdrew for a moment and oiled my index finger. Again, Ruthie accepted this without too much resistance. Smiling she turned to me.
"I think I feel ready for your cock in me, honey, Shall we oil you up?"
"Yes please."
"Lean back a little then."
Jules knelt up and took the bottle.
"Let me get you ready, Andy."
Firstly, her head dives between my stomach and Ruthie's back and Jules gives me a further gorgeous suck on my tip. Her mouth sucking me was as voluptuous as her naked body was to my sight.
She sat up and carefully poured a little oil into her palm, Slowly, after covering her hands, Jules reached for my cock, massaging it calmly but confidently, depositing a generous film of oil. Her careful firmness with me was so stimulating. By the time she finished, my cock, balls and pubes all glistened in the light from the bedside lamp.
"Ruthie, are you ready?"
"Has Jules prepared you?"
"Yes she has."
"I'm ready."
Jules stayed between us and watched as Ruthie bent a little forward and my tip rested against her oiled entrance. With a firm push, supported by my hand, I slowly began to slide in. Jules had an oily hand on my shoulder as she was transfixed by the sight of my length slowly disappearing into Ruthie's ring.
Ruthie let out a little "oooh" as my glans passed her ring.
"Oh, yes, honey. You're in me. Gentle now."
The tightness of her ring was tight but completely erotic as I slowly entered her more until only the base of my erection was visible to Jules, who was watching intently, saying nothing.
I slowly drew back until my glans met the inside of her ring and then slid in again...then out...then in.
Ruthie's breathing was deep, exhaling every time I drew back. The oil was enough that we continued, finding between us a rhythm, a movement. My length began to glide in and out for Ruthie, gently, slowly but deeply. My hands holding Ruthie's hips to make sure I regulated myself and didn't go too fast and surprise her.
As we immersed ourselves in our gorgeous, intimate anal sex, Jules' oily hand slid down along my spine to the base of my back. But she didn't stop, a finger starting to explore between my bum cheeks. I slowed down to almost a stop, my sense of my dick in Ruthie being challenged by what was happening to me.
Jules' finger reached my ring. She teased me, rubbing and placing very slight pressure on me. I watched her as she dabbed her finger in the oil in the bottle cap that is by her. Her finger stroked my perineum and she started massaging.
I knew I was getting bigger again as she massaged, parts of her hand brushing the back of my balls. I was going to new places with the massive sensations I was experiencing.
"Jules, Ruthie told you about my spot."
"Yes, she did, Andy. Like it?"
"Love it."
"Good. More to come yet, Andy. More to come."
Ruthie was still moving with me. Jules' hand moved up and away from me. Then I felt her again, her finger slid from the base of my spine back between my oily bum cheeks. This time, her finger stopped on my anus, massaged it but, then, she started to push.
"Jules?"
"Let me please you...enter you while you're in Ruthie, Andy. Would you like me too?"
"So much, yes."
Jules' finger pushed and, after a while, she started to break through my ring. Jules had her feeling for it just right because, gradually, my body let her finger penetrate me. I wasn't sure I was in control of it but I knew I wanted her to do it.
One more strong push and Jules' finger was in me. I could feel that her fingertip was beyond my ring.
"Oh my God. That's so good, Jules."
And it was. I could hardly beIieve it. It almost felt like Jules' finger and my penis were connected directly to Ruthie. The same feeling of us joined as one. Jules pushed in a little further and I felt the surge inside me.
"Ruthie, I'm almost there."
"Is Jules inside you?"
"Yes. It's gorgeous."
"How wonderfully fucking sexy and dirty. OK, honey. Get in deep. Fill me up."
I thrusted into her bum, not strongly but, with two or three sweeps in and out, I let myself go. A surge of heat in my glans as the come shot out of me into Ruthie. My pulsing was so strong that I felt Jules' finger exit my bum.
"Wow, that's a strong push." I heard Jules say as my still hard penis was deep inside Ruthie.
Ruthie pushed her herself up a little. I was still in her. The extreme eroticism of this meant I was still hard.
"Keep pushing into my bum, honey, while I come."
Jules moved around. "My girl, can I make you come?"
"Oh Jules, finger fuck me, go on, please."
Jules was now side on to us and, with her left hand between Ruthie's legs, she was clearly getting Ruthie towards her peak.
But I felt Jules' finger again, rubbing up and down between my bum cheeks. Not entering me but exploring, massaging, teasing. The intensity was so great that, quickly, Ruthie hit her peak, attempted to stretch her back and pushed down on me with a strong orgasm.
As Ruthie began to ease her orgasm, Jules had started to whimper beside me. She had obviously been building herself up because, her hand was now deep inside her own pussy, the finger of her other hand still sliding up and down my bum and perineum. The sounds of this and the feeling on me was all too much.
Jules, finger pushed on my anus and she started to enter me. That was it.
"Ruthie, I'm gonna come again."
"Yes, fuck me good. Fill my bum, honey. Let me feel you fuck me."
As Jules cried out with a robust "fucking hell, yes" right by my ear, I felt the adrenaline rise and pumped into Ruthie's bum, coming again until I had nothing left to give.
The shared physical erotic peak we'd all reached was extraordinary. We started to come down from a glorious high.
All three of us were panting. Ruthie, still on her knees, supported by her arms. I was behind her, my cock, finally, sat limply below me, my head on Ruthie's back while Jules' head was on my shoulder.
We were together, totally exhausted again. The sound of our breathing and post-sex comedown the only sounds. Eventually, we began to move to separate ourselves.
It might have been nearly 4am but we were so full of sex and oil and sweat, we all took turns in the shower. Ruthie was first back in bed and, for the first time, considering we'd spent hours in her room, she finally had the duvet over her. I climbed in beside her. Jules was last and came and stood by the bed, still wrapped in a towel. I pulled the duvet back.
"You can climb in too if you like. Have a sleep?"
"Are you sure? This is your bed."
"And there's room here for you...if you don't mind a naked man up against you."
"I can certainly cope with that."
Jules dropped her towel and climbed in and we spooned each other -- me into Jules and Ruthie into me. I was the filling in a naked sandwich. Ruthie turned the light out by the bed out and we slept.
In the morning. Ruthie was sleeping but I woke. Jules was tight against me and my arm was around her. I was also conscious that, despite all the activity from the night, my normal waking state involving a substantial erection had occurred. I could feel it pressing into Jules' back. She was awake.
We spoke quietly, still under the duvet in the bed, hoping not to wake Ruthie.
"I never thought I'd wake up with you, Andy."
"Yes, it's unusual but so was last night. Unusual but truly amazing."
"I have to say that I quite like your hard dick on my back. Comforting and sexy too."
"Did you enjoy last night?"
"So much. We all got so close, didn't we?"
"Was that too close for you, Jules?"
"I thought it might be but, no. You and Ruthie made me feel like I was part of what you have. You two are so in love and you made me part of that for a night. So special."
"What did you think about watching us having anal sex. Did you like it?"
"Oh, that looked just so sexy. I think, though, that I'd have to really be into the person to do that. It's...almost the ultimate sex. It certainly looked like it!"
We laid there silently. Ruthie adjusted herself and murmured slightly in her sleep behind me.
"Andy?"
"Yes, Jules."
"Hold me tightly, please"
She lifted her head and I put an arm underneath her. She laid back down and I pulled her into me. My hand naturally rested on her breast. Her hand was on my hip.
"Is that OK for you?"
"Perfect, Andy. Thank you."
"Andy?"
"Yes."
"No-one has ever held me like this. I've wanted it for so long."
"Sometimes, the most beautiful thing is the simplest thing."
"Do you think we'll get to do this again?"
"Maybe. If all of us are happy?"
Jules snuggled in and was silent for a while.
"Andy. Can I be very honest with you?"
"Yes, Jules. Of course."
"I know that...I really want to have sex with you again. You made me feel like a woman. You're the first man who has ever...ever made me feel like the sex was about me, not them."
"You know, I loved having sex with you. You're deeply passionate and, when we were doing it, your whole body was into it. If we get to, want to do this thing again, then as long as Ruthie is OK with it and involved, then it will happen."
"You're a beautiful, beautiful man, Andy. Ruthie is the luckiest woman in the world."
"And I'm a lucky man."
"I should think so, having my sexy body against you." Jules let out a giggle.
"Well, my cock fits very nicely in your back."
"Very nicely...it fitted nicely somewhere else too!"
Her hand, still on my hip, gave me a squeeze.
"Andy, I'm going to head home. I think it's time I left you two alone to be together. Would you see me out?"
"Jules?"
"Yes, Andy."
"May I do something before you go?"
She turned her head towards me. "Andy? What do you want to do?"
I realised that, after our thoroughly dirty, sexy, incredible night, I wanted to leave her with something gentle.
"Would you let me make you feel good? I would like to."
"Oh, Andy, really?"
"Cuddle back into me, Jules."
She did. I held her close. The hand of my arm underneath her gently holding her breast. My free hand stroked her. Slowly, between her breasts, down, towards her navel, along to her thigh. Jules' hand rested on my hand that was holding her breast and squeezed.
She whispered "Andy, this is lovely. Are you sure?"
"Yes, Jules. Let me make you happy. Lift your leg for me."
Jules, laying on her left with me behind her, lifted her leg for me and my hand stroked her pubic hair. Jules murmured as I slowly moved my hand onto her vulva.
"Please, Andy. Yes, please" She spoke so quietly.
My fingers massaged her labia. I kissed her shoulder. Jules' hand reached behind her and held my head as her fingers ran through my hair. My index finger met a little moisture which allowed me to push between her lips.
Jules let out a pleasured sigh as I found her clitoris and, with as much delicacy as I could, explored her. Her softness, warmth and moistness was gorgeous. She ground her body into mine and whispered yes's and aaah's and moans.
"Andy, you're going to make me....mmmmm."
Jules shuddered slightly as my finger entered her vagina as she found her climax. Little, short breaths from her as we held each other tightly and I continued to lightly kiss her skin.
I felt Jules calm in my embrace as I wrapped my free arm around her after withdrawing from her vagina. This felt so much like the right thing to do for Jules. I really wanted her to feel satisfied.
"Jules."
"Oh...yes, Andy?"
"I wanted to let you know...make you feel as good as I do about what we've shared."
"This is beautiful, Andy. I've never had this...never."
We held each other for a good while. We were peaceful together. I could feel that Jules was awake.
"Jules. You don't have to go if you don't want to."
"Oh Andy. It's OK. I should go. I want to take the feeling of you on me home...now. I can't say how deeply I feel about you making me...complete."
Jules got out as did I. I pulled my jeans on to go downstairs to get Jules' dress, discarded a number of hours previously. Jules walked down the stairs, naked and smiling.
"Here you go."
I held up her dress so she could slip into it. She wrapped it around herself and tied the belt.
"You know, you are a beautiful woman and you deserve better than the shits you've been with before. You really do."
"It's easier said than done, Andy."
"I agree but you know what the easy fuck feels like and you know that isn't you now."
"No, it isn't. It will take a while for me to find someone who would treat me like this though."
"I know. You enjoyed what we did though, didn't you?"
"Oh Andy, so so much. I'm not sure I deserve to be that close with you both."
"Jules, I had sex with you because I truly wanted you to feel what it is to...be intimate, be appreciated, be someone's focus when it comes to sex...and I wanted to be the one to help you feel that. You're a very passionate, giving lover."
"Really?"
"Yes, really. You see, the right person will think about how you could be pleased, how you want to be loved, aroused, satisfied. That's what making love is about. The other person should make it about you. If you feel that coming to you, you'll then want to give back to them."
Jules welled up and sobbed. I took her in my arms and held her.
"Oh Jules. I didn't mean to make you cry."
"No, no, Andy. You're right. It's just that no-one's ever spelled it out to me apart from Ruthie and now you."
She looked up at me and had tears on her cheek. I wiped them away.
"Will you be OK?"
"Andy, in the nicest possible way, I love you. I love you for being honest with me and I love you for making me feel like you did last night and this morning, which was really lovely...almost too lovely! I'm going to go home and sleep. I think I need it!"
I opened the door for Jules. She placed a lingering gentle kiss on my lips and whispered "thank you".
Slowly and elegantly, she walked away to her house. I closed the door, went upstairs and undressed again to get under the duvet and be with my wonderful girlfriend.
After a while, Ruthie woke. She looked particularly cute because part of her face was hidden under the duvet so I noticed her eyes were open but she didn't say anything.
"How long have you been peeping out of the duvet?"
"Oh, a few minutes, honey. Where's Jules?"
"She went home earlier. I saw her out so she didn't feel she was just creeping out by herself."
"Good. Was she OK?"
"Kind of. I think the fact that we showed her what loving sex can be like is a bit testing for her...in a good way. I don't think her expectations of a partner have ever been very high."
"You're right there."
"I gave her a big cuddle in bed. She'd never been resting naked with a man before so hopefully I made her feel a bit more secure about that being a thing that can, and should happen and..."
"Did you make her feel good, honey?"
"Yes, is that OK? I made her come while I held her...just gently."
"Oh, honey, she would have loved that. I'm sure she's gone home to sleep with that feeling."
"I hope so. Sometimes she seems alone and, after all our lively stuff last night, I thought a little caring sexual moment might be nice for her."
"You really care about Jules don't you."
"Yes, because she's in a place that is really difficult and not far away from where you were once. She wants to change but doesn't necessarily know what she should expect from someone so we had a little chat as well as that moment, in bed and downstairs."
"Oh, you're a sweetheart to her."
"Thank you. I just think she can't see where a man who is going to treat her well is coming from."
"Then we need to be there for her."
"We do."
Ruthie cuddled up and we laid in bed, relaxed in the knowledge we had each other. After a while, we indulged in a little of what we started to call "slow love". Touching, kissing, caressing each other in a very gentle way that sometimes, but not always, led to an orgasm or sex.
While we were indulging in a little slowness, Ruthie said to me
"You know, the only thing that didn't happen last night is you coming in my pussy and you know I love that."
"Would you like that now?"
"Yes, I would, please."
We spooned and Ruthie parted her legs slightly so I could enter her from behind, laying beside her. The glorious warm, moist, encompassing feeling of her vagina surrounding my erection radiated through me and we moved together, slowly but in time with each other.
The slow gyration of our two close bodies was passionate, feeling my dick deep in her, the closeness and her skin against me. I kissed her back and shoulders. Her hand reached round to pull me to her. I could feel my moment arrive and, rising up slightly to push into her, once, twice, then, like a wave, my orgasm came on gradually, Ruthie tensing on me in response.
Ruthie wiggled a little and let out a gasp as I slipped out of her.
"Oooh, your dick gave me a big tingle. That was lovely. We come together so much now, I'd forgotten what my tingle was like. Very nice."
"I always enjoy you tingling."
Two people, at peace and completely comfortable with each other, in love with a deep intimate bond, so strong that we could let someone in and not feel it disrupt anything that we had.
Perfect.