This is the first chapter of the adventures of a 1950s housewife. I'd love to read any feedback you may have after you've read it
*****
Jane looked around her home. It was a nice middle-class home that contained all the state of the art appliances a 1950s housewife could want. She had a husband she loved very much and practically everything she could ask for, but she just wasn't happy. As good as her life was, it wasn't perfect, so she decided to do something about it.
When her husband came home from work that night, Jane was in heels and a pretty dress, she had dinner on the table and a plan in her head.
She waited till Michael was about half way through his dinner and 15 minutes into "how was your day conversation" before she changed the topic.
"Honey. I've been thinking." she told him, making the best doe eyes she could muster.
"Mmmmph?" he asked, still chewing on some meatloaf.
"You're not being fair to me. As a husband I mean."
Michael looked up at her, quizzically.
"How do you mean?" he asked, wiping his mouth with his napkin.
"Well, when we got married, I thought you'd be the ideal husband. That you'd take out the trash on garbage night, you'd mow the lawn on Sundays, and you'd clean the leaves out in the fall. I assumed you would act like a husband. But you hardly ever do any of that. And never without me nagging at you."
Michael thought about what she was saying. "You're right, I've neglected my duties"
That caught Jane off guard, she had expected him to be much more defensive.
"I'll tell you what. I'll do a better job of my husbandly duties, but in return, you'll have to stop neglecting your wifely duties."
"My wifely...? I have a clean house and cook dinner for you every night!" She snapped.
"Of course you do, and you do a wonderful job at the basic things. Just like I think I do. I work full-time, so we can have this house and that Bel Air in the driveway, not to mention all the newest gadgets you use, like that semi-automatic washing machine!"
"...but I try so hard to make you happy. " she told him, desperately.
"And you do. I guess we've just been a bit lax about communicating with each other. Thank you for correcting that. I'll make sure I take the trash out tonight. And Sat morning, I'll mow the lawn, first thing. How does that sound?" he asked.
"That sounds wonderful. But whatever are these wifely duties you are talking about?" she asked.
"Why, fellatio of course." he told her.
"Fellatio?!" she repeated.
"Yes dear, fellatio." he told her.
"But I've never...We've never.." she was flabbergasted.
"Of course not." He said. "I never pressed you while we were courting, had we broken up I didn't want you to have gotten a reputation as one of those kinds of girls, but now that we're married, well a man has needs that need to be taken care of."
"How...how often would I be expected to, um, do that?" she hesitantly asked.
"Oh, once or twice a week would suffice, I should think. No need to go overboard." he said.
Twice a week! She thought. If that was realistic, as he was suggesting, what would going overboard entail?
"When would I, umm," she struggled for words.
"Perform fellatio? I wouldn't dream of telling you when that would be appropriate." he continued.
Perform! He actually used the word "perform" as if she was some sort of lewd dancer!
This was too much. All she wanted was the husband she thought she was getting when they married 2 years before! Wasn't it right for her to get the husband she had always wanted? Wasn't she justified in having certain expectations of what a husband would be?
Yes, yes it was. She decided.
And now that she thought about it, maybe he was fair that he had certain expectations of what a wife would be.
But fellatio?
"Honey, I can't tell you how happy I am that you brought this up. This will make me a better man for you, and you a better wife for me. I am only sorry we didn't address this sooner."
With that he cleared off the dishes and immediately took the garage out to the trash bin, leaving Jane to contemplate what she had just gotten herself into.
True to his word, Michael mowed the lawn first thing Sat morning. He even checked the eaves in the afternoon, even though they didn't need cleaning at this time of year. He had in less than a week, become the ideal husband.
And so, after dinner, she figured it was time to begin her wifely duties. He had retired to the den, where he was a reading a book. She ran to the bathroom, for one last check in the mirror. She was too modest to think it, but she was stunningly beautiful with her long black hair held back by a hair band, her large eyes highlighted by a bit of mascara and a fresh application of ruby-red lipstick. Combined with a knee-length dress and heels, she was almost the picture perfect housewife.
Almost.
She dashed to the bedroom, and grabbed the string of pearls he had given her for their anniversary last year. Putting that around her slender neck, she took a deep breath. She was out of ways to procrastinate.
Steeling herself for what she was about to do, she walked into the den.
Michael looked up as she entered. She smiled awkwardly as she walked over to him. Looking up at her from his seated position, he admired her gorgeous figure. Without saying a word, she knelt between his legs and without looking at him, she reached up and undid his belt. She unzipped his fly, to find his already hard member attempting to poke up through his underwear. She smiled awkwardly, still not looking at him and deftly released his penis from its confines.
He smiled at her hesitation. Knowing this was the first time she was ever going to put a penis in her mouth, he remained silent for fear of scaring her off. She grasped his cock with her hand, gently squeezing it. It looked bigger than usual to her, mind you she normally didn't see it. They tended to make love under the sheets, in their darkened bedroom in the missionary position.
The one exception was one time they both had drunk the apple cider they had purchased at an apple picking festival. It was alcoholic and stronger than they had realized, and they ended up drunk in the bedroom, where Michael had taken her quite passionately from behind while she masturbated herself. It had led to the most powerful orgasm of her life, but it had also left her deeply embarrassed. How could a good girl enjoy such things? So she never spoke to him about it.
This was different. They were sober and it was in their well-lit den, where he could see everything. She was about to do a lewd act that she had, until this week, just assumed only dirty girls did. Part of her was ashamed and wanted to stop but another part of her felt it was her obligation as a wife, and it was something she apparently should have done long before now. Next time she would think to turn out the lights first though.
Unsure of exactly what she should do and too scared to ask, she tentatively kissed the crown of his cock. Michael groaned in pleasure. She kissed it again. And again. And again. Eventually though it seemed to her that it was time to do something else, so she kissed him all the way down his shaft and back up. Still unsure of that she was doing she repeated the motion. Then suddenly, his hands gently but firmly grasped her head. He guided her back to the tip of his dick and paused. She opened her mouth cautiously and waited.
Looking down at his wife Jane, Michael couldn't help but smile from ear to ear. His cock stood hard, in front of her open mouth. She sheepishly looked everywhere but back at him. He reached down with one hand, and with a single finger raised her chin slightly, until she was looking right at him. She turned her head slightly, to look away, but again he silently guided her gaze back to his. Once more she forced a smile. Their eyes locked, he nodded, and this time she understood. She was to watch his face while she did her duty. Reluctantly, she opened her mouth further, and lowered her head.
He felt her breath first. Warm, then a hot wetness as she engulfed his cock for the first time. He groaned loudly and instinctively pushed his cock further in. She lifted her head back up, as not to gag, but lowered it again quickly to show him she wasn't running away or stopping. Within seconds, she was sucking cock like a champion. Bobbing her head up and down, unintentionally making slurping sounds and only breaking eye contact occasionally, when he thrust his dick deep into her throat.
She slowed her movements for a few moments, her ruby-red lips wrapped around his shaft as she lifted her head. When her lips hit the crown of his cock, she swirled her tongue around it before slowly lowering her face, gobbling up his cock once more. Michael closed his eye as he groaned again, and opened them to find Jane still staring up at him.
"Oh god...you're a good wife." he told her. "Such a good wife!"
With that, she sped up. Moving her head as fast as she could go, keeping her lips sealed round his shaft.
Her eyes watered as she bobbed and sucked.
"Here it comes." he announced.
"Mmmpphh?" she tried to asked, unsure of what he meant for the split second before he exploded into her mouth.
"MMMpphhh!" she grunted as she continued to suck, swallowing what she could, afraid to stop and thereby fail in her duties.
That was something else she hadn't considered, what was the proper etiquette in this situation? Are wives meant to swallow? Surely she shouldn't spit it out! That certainly didn't seem lady like. Unable to answer that question, she concentrated at the task at hand; her husband's cock, which continued to spurt into her mouth, even as she pumped him with her lips. She took everything he gave her and when he finished, she kept his cock in her mouth for a moment extra, wanting to be sure she did it right.
He pulled napkin from his breast pocket, offering it to her, which she used to wipe the corners of her mouth.
"Was that...was that okay?" she asked innocently.
"Honey that was perfect." he assured her.
She got up off her knees and as she stood she realized the blinds were still open. It was dark outside so with the light on as it was, she couldn't see out the bay window but rather saw her own reflection. She walked to the window, putting a hand to the glass to peer out. On the side-walk was a man walking his dog. The dog was sniffing at a tree while the man was turned towards her.
She stepped back in surprise.
"Michael, there is a man on the sidewalk!"
"So?" He asked.
"I think he saw me...us."
"Oh Jane, I'm sure he didn't, he's probably just out for an evening stroll." He said, dismissing her concerns.
She wanted to argue. She wanted to explain how some stranger had just watched her put a penis in her mouth and she was humiliated. Instead, she straighten her dress and left the room. Regardless of what that man might had seen, he certainly wasn't going to see anymore tonight.
****
Definitely more to this story, let me know in the comments section or via the Send Feedback tab if you want to read more about Jane.