His favorite part was when she came. He loved it when she came. He loved it even more than when he came himself. Most of all, he loved it when she lost it.
Dinner finished, the plates cleared; no one noticed the women encircling the husband as they talked. They crowded him into an armchair at the end of the table. He laughed as they forced his wrists down onto the chair arms.
His laughing stopped when they locked each one into a handcuff.
As she had watched the ladies corner her husband, she realized that the men had surrounded her also. It shocked her at first. But it excited her more.
The men had been caressing her body where she offered skin. It was electric where they touched. It had started earlier as unexplained accidents, but they had become increasingly aggressive. She let them.
One was behind her, his nose under her hair as he kissed the back of her neck. She savored each brush of his crotch where his warm bulge fit into the crack of her ass.
Surprising herself, she made no protest as her zipper began moving down her back. She watched the girls seducing her husband as it rumbled all the way to the top of her lovely ass. They gently removed her gown.
She stood there in nothing but lingerie - a tasteful panty set perfect with her skin. She was glad she made that choice when she dressed for the party. It paused everyone in the room. When she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror on the far wall, she could see why. Their eyes were drinking her in, but she stayed inside.
The ladies gently guided her husband's pants off his legs. One straddled his thigh, whispering in his ear as she traced the tip of her clit over the bare skin of his thigh. The other drew her nails over his cock through his underwear.
The exposure embarrassed him - until he saw his wife.
Her head tilted back, she was locked in a deep kiss. A strong hand was enjoying the soft skin over her ribs.
At her feet, the other man pushed his warm tongue between her toes. She loved that, the husband knew. The tips of her toes and her clit were directly connected. It made her wet with sweet nectar - that and the kissing.
She had not put up a particularly strong fight. She couldn't now, her pussy was sure to veto any change to what they were doing to her. Especially as her bra was expertly unlatched and slid from her chest.
The perfect globes of her breasts felt free in the open. They ached to be touched. Fingers sampled the smooth skin of their undersides as she became aware of the licks along the inside of her knee.
Hands drew her panties free. Pulled over her hips, they fell to her ankles. He tossed them to the girls, who held its crotch to the husband's nose as he savored his wife's scent.
His cock had broken the code of silence. It was straining in his underwear like a turgid fish. It was a betrayal, flat out. His leg gleamed with girl juices where one of them had left a wet trail.
The wife's pussy gave her away also. Her labia warmed as her wetness coated them. Her traitorous flower opened invitingly.
For the briefest moment, she considered stopping things. Until her nipple, caught in hot fingers, convinced her to hold off. A hand made a slow journey down her front, lingering at the soft crest of her mons, where she knew the razor thin line of cropped hair led to pure ecstasy.
The girls freed the husband of his underwear. A small drop of clear fluid dripped from his head as his cock jutted out like a lewd missile.
He had a perfect view of what they were doing to his wife.
Emerging from her trance, she focused her glance on him. The ladies were treating him quite well - almost as well as she was being treated. She had always wanted something like this, but never knew how to arrange it.
Try as she might, she couldn't help but be a slut. She couldn't help spreading her legs wider, inviting touch.
The husband found it stunning - almost out of a dream. It was enough to make him come - that and the girls. He could see the back of the head of the man on the floor, licking at his wife's crotch. By her responses he could only guess what he was doing to her. He also watched the other man's fingers enjoying her luscious breasts.
Behind her, she felt hot breath on her neck. The head of his naked cock was in the cleft of her ass, leaving trails where it leaked on her.
But it was the tongue kissing her that held her truly enslaved. It burnt its own circuit through the steamy center of her core. A finger pulled lightly at her tiny inner labia, inviting them out for the lover she was aching for. The man at her crotch welcomed the opening, his tongue gliding over her intimate terrain; driving her wild. Several times its travels took it over the tip of her swollen clit as he tasted her.
She knew that everyone had the perfect view into the depths of her hot flower. What she didn't know was how truly beautiful it was.
Fingers framed the soft outer slopes of her labia. Pulling up they opened her wide for the lovers tongue. It traced a long languid lick from her flowing well to the aching tip of her prominent pearl. The sensation washed over her like an ice cold tsunami. It coursed through her core and out through the top of her head like cosmic artillery. Her diamond hard nipples, captive in the gentle fingers, pulled, were stretching her breasts deliciously.
A pang of guilt opened her eyes, only for her to see lips ground out at the base of her husband's cock. His balls lifted as he rolled his pelvis, desperate to drive in further, as his lust filled eyes took her in.
They turned her. They bent her over.
A hard cock brushed her lips, as he reached over her hips, spreading open her ass, and her swollen labia with it. He treated her husband to a view into her wet sweltering depths.
The ladies had stopped to admire the beautiful scene, trading turns making slow lubricated pulls on his cock. The wife had never seen him so big.
He dipped his finger into her warm nectar and spread it over her delicate folds. As she moaned in pleasure, she took the cock into her mouth, tracing its underside with her tongue.
Her pussy ate the finger. It made the mistake of lingering along the salmon insides of her smoldering slit, and was pulled into the ancient vortex of her inner goddess. The finger had meant to be gentle, but the hungry mouth swallowed it, holding it prisoner in her desire-swollen depths. She clamped down and fucked on it, she couldn't help it - rolling her hips, making it stroke her deep.
The motion forced the cock further into her mouth.
He was on the verge of cumming, she knew well the sounds he was making. She broke from her trance long enough to see that he was in good hands. The two ladies were licking under the head of his cock, holding him just off. They knew exactly where he was.
Butterfly licks played on her clit. Two fingers stroked the swollen walls of her sensitive depths, so slowly.
She could come too, it was starting. She wasn't going to be able to stop it. It was agonizing.
Her awareness returned as she made eye contact with her husband, lost in his own lust. They held each other's gaze, waves of laser light flowing between them on this elevated plane.
Strong hands lifted her. Surrendered and open, she welcomed the texture of the hot skin of her lovers as they positioned her.
He lay on his back on the table, facing her. His cock big and proud between her legs, straining for her. Calling her down onto it. On her knees, its broad head brushed the insides of her thighs. She fought the instinct to impale herself on it immediately. Catching it against his belly, she rode its length. It nested in the seam of her pussy, shiny with her slick hot cream.
Relaxing her hips, and opening her core, she prepared herself. Rocking, she painted her wetness over the head of the cock, as it stroked the base of her clit, moving closer to her opening. She was ready now and hungered for it.
It held at the hot mouth of her vagina. She drew her husband's eyes, savoring his expression as she lowered.
The girls were having a hard time keeping him from cumming. One pulled down on his balls, holding him in suspension, as the other made small circles with her wet finger on the underside of his shaft. He leaked almost as copiously as she did.
She went lower down on the thick shaft. Its hot head filled her as she held it tight.
The husband watched the shaft go deep. Only to reappear as she lifted and lowered.
One of the ladies straddled the husband's lap, taking him in one smooth motion. She leaned back into him so as not to block his view.
She could hear him. It took her only a few strokes. She lifted up just in time, letting his cock spring free from her stretched gash. He pumped stream after stream onto the floor.
That was more than enough for her.
She melted.
It took her over, slaving her to the deep waves of her innermost. Skin on skin with everyone, she traveled its temples, floated in its soothing waters, soared in its scapes, and then washed ashore back where it all had begun.
The husband, released, held her head and took her in a deep kiss. The others were sipping drinks, relaxing, and snuggling.
They held each other in silence, spent and grateful.