Her red sundress fluttered against pale thighs, thin fabric catching the rays of the October sun. I leaned against my car, hoped her hemline would pull up higher, though I expected to see fabric from leggings or biking shorts.
She walked from her car, parked next to the gas pumps, into the convenience store, and I sighed, turning my attention back to my uninflated tires and the chugging air pump.
I circled my car, the last tire getting a shot of air when she strutted back out of the building. Built like a Rueben model, she was close to a foot shorter than I was, maybe five-two if she stretched up on the sandals with straps that coiled around her ankles; red hair past her shoulder blades. I thanked her lack of height a moment later as she lifted the front of her Lexus SUV - stretched up to place the hood prop - and it was clear there weren't any leggings under that dress.
I stared. Not even pretending to care about my car tires. Red fabric slid over the lower swell of her bare ass. A flash of white, high up on one cheek, confessed she was wearing a thong. I savored the view, not bothering to wonder why it was taking so long for her to secure the hood.
At the edge of the parking lot, an American flag lay quiet against the pole, but against the backdrop of the black car and white legs, her red sundress whipped against bare skin.
These are the moments that online pervs whip out their cameras, capturing illicit footage to be posted online. I just stared, mesmerized by the beauty on display. Absolutely busted when her head turned and she looked over her shoulder. Right at me.
She didn't say anything.
One corner of her mouth quirked up in a smile and she gave a flip of her hair. I saw bright ink on her upper back before a shining sea of red covered it back up. The metal end of the air hose clanked on the ground as I walked towards her. She turned her body. Leaned back against the mirror-bright paint and chrome, that same half-smile pulling me towards her. Her toenails were painted fire engine red.
My eyes couldn't decide whether to settle on the deep cleavage displayed by her dress, or the tantalizing chance her dress might lift back up in the breeze.
"I'm no mechanic," I said, "but is there anything I can do to help?"
"What, this thing?" she laughed and stroked her fingers along the front of her vehicle. Her fingernails matched her toes, and I was struck by the memory of the blinding white of her thong, standing out from the rest of her color scheme. She gave me a slow wink. "She just wanted a bit of attention. Let me close this up, and you can introduce yourself."
I couldn't feel the wind, but it continued to move her dress as she raised up even higher than before, standing on tiptoes, arms stretched over her head to reach the hood. No tan lines were visible on her ass, even this close, and the hem rose above the waistband of her panties, revealing both ass cheeks in their entirety. I was certain she knew I was staring, my eyes were locked on the fantasy within arms reach.
The hood closed with a soft thump, and her hands were rubbing down the sides of my jeans. "You don't mind, do you? I'd hate to get any dirt on my dress...." She looked up at me, face inches from mine, sultry pout inviting me to answer. "It's my favorite."
"No, not at all. My pleasure." I tried not to move, certain that anything I did would draw her attention down to the stiffness pushing at the front of my jeans. "It's my favorite too."
"Well, aren't you just the sweetest thing?" A hint of a Southern drawl coated her voice, "We should get better acquainted. What's your name, sweet thing?"
I struggled to place the accent. Her license plate read Missouri, but her voice promised a more exotic background. "John. I'm John. Did you? Would you like to get coffee? Or a drink or something?"
"Something, sounds delightful." The scarlet of her lips parted to show teeth as white as the panties she had flashed at me seconds before. "Call me Katie. Hop on in, my sweet John. Let's take a ride."
I looked back at my unlocked Kia. Not likely anything would happen to it in broad daylight, but with all the car theft reports, I shouldn't leave it at a gas station. Katie laughed, and I felt my midsection twitch. She waved one hand at my car, and the remote lock chirp sounded. "Nothing to worry about - all locked up."
I must have hit the lock button on the fob in my pocket without realizing it. I reached my hand into my pocket to check and found it opening the passenger door of Katie's SUV instead.
If I got in fast enough, I might get a good look up the front of her dress when she stepped in.
A warm smirk on Katie's face told me she knew exactly what I was thinking. She took her time slipping into the car, her short legs impossibly long as they bent, stretching to show every curve of her thighs, and a bright flash of white before she tugged the hem of her sundress back down.
She reached over and unbuckled my seat belt. "Live dangerous. Feels better when there isn't any..." one red nail drew a line from my knee up to where my stiffness pushed the denim out, and I choked down a moan as her finger drew a circle around the tip of my cock. "...protection."
The dark-tinted windows of her vehicle were far past legal, and the lack of sunlight reaching through made it seem like night had fallen in the ‌time it took us to get into her vehicle. A curtain behind the front seats blocked off the view of the extended back seats, reinforcing the image of a limousine. Tires squealed as Katie pulled us in a tight turn and exited the gas station.
"No peeking in the back, sweet John. That's a surprise for later. A breeze from the air conditioning toyed with the lower edge of her sundress. "Plenty to look at up here...if you like what you see."
We merged onto a busy street, Katie's eyes locked on mine, as though the traffic didn't exist. "Do you like what you see?" she asked, tiny pout reappearing.
I nodded, struggled to find words that wouldn't make me sound like an idiot.
"Cat got your tongue?" Katie's tongue moistened her lips in a deliberate invitation. "That sounds like a wonderful idea..."
I imagined her tongue swirling around the tip of my cock.
"A good kitty deserves more than just your tongue though..."
I'd gotten heat stroke, I was suddenly sure.
I'd seen a sexy woman walk across the parking lot, then I'd fallen and hit my head on the curb. I was either bleeding next to my car, or laying in the emergency room whacked out on drugs. I was not in a full-color Penthouse Forums fantasy enjoying a car ride that I never thought could happen to me.
A squeeze against the flesh trapped within my jeans brought me back to the present - darkened Lexus interior, sexy redhead, and all - and Katie's eyes boring into me, despite the speedometer reading sixty in what I was pretty sure was a forty-five zone. Katie's hand squeezed me again, and this time I did moan, clamping my lips down against the sound.
"Don't be shy, sweet thing. Let me hear if you like it," she said. Her palm pressed flat against me, and then her fingers were plucking at my waistband. "A button-fly man. How old-fashioned. I do love a man with a sense of style."
Red fingernails maneuvered my boxers out of the way, and my cock was in the eager grasp of a woman I hadn't even met twenty minutes ago. I forced my eyes to stay open, despite the pleasure, and I could see her nipples poking through the front of her dress, no signs of bra straps or cups holding up a pair of magnificent breasts.
Katie noted the direction of my gaze, and without removing her right hand from my cock, her left dipped into her dress, pulling the fabric down and setting both breasts free. Dark areola highlighted thick nipples which stood at proud attention.
"That what you wanted to see? And here I was thinking you were an ass man..." Katie's hand slid up and down upon me, and I resisted the temptation to buck my hips up into her grip.
"I...I like every part of you," I said, gasping with the effort to speak. "You are..."
Katie laughed, a full-throated roar of enjoyment, filling the car. "I am - I really am. You have no idea, my sweet John. But you will." She pressed a button on the steering wheel, and the polarized windows began to lighten, tint fading until the windows were completely transparent.
We were in the fast lane on the Expressway, the speedometer needle pegged past the furthest number - 70 - that I could see, and while the angle might shield Katie's bare tits from the truckers we passed, the sight of her slowly stroking my cock was in full view. Despite the risk of exposure, I was harder than I could ever remember being, and I made no attempt to cover myself.
Another slow wink communicated approval, and I watched in disbelief as Katie released me, raised her palm to her mouth, and her tongue darted out, licking until her skin glistened. Freshly lubricated, her hand returned to my cock, and I shuddered as she stroked me, teasing the tip and allowing her nails to poke lower, massaging my balls with gentle nudges.
I stretched my arm out and managed a quick feel of the nipple closest to me, only to have Katie take her hand off the steering wheel and guide my hand towards her mouth, slipping my little finger past her lips. "Not yet, my tasty morsel. Can't have you distract the driver - who knows what kind of trouble we might get into?"
An imprint of her lipstick remained on my finger as she gave my hand a kiss and moved it back to my side of the car. She was steering the car with her left knee, and I let my attention be captured by the sight of her white panties in full view.
Shaved? Trimmed? I couldn't quite tell, though there was a visible darkness down the center that let me know she was as excited by this road-play as I was.
Another button pushed, and the windows darkened back to their previous shade, then further, until they appeared completely opaque. Katie's hand continued its rhythmic squeezing of my cock and she veered onto what had to be an off-ramp, though I couldn't see a thing. Must be an angled refraction thing, like a laptop screen, I reasoned - and she can see without a problem. I'd never heard of car windows like that, but as her hand began to move faster, I stopped caring about what was going on outside of the vehicle.
Controlled brakes brought us to a smooth halt, and Katie let go of me long enough to slip both of her thumbs up under the hem of her dress. In one graceful movement, she lifted her hips and slid her panties down her thighs, calves, and avoided the steering wheel in a way I wouldn't have thought possible, brought the white thong off her feet, and twirled it on one finger. The perfume of her sex rushed over me, overwhelming what little reason I had left.
I groaned, and Katie gave a giggle that sounded far too young to come from her throat. She pulled the curtain behind us to one side, and gave a delicate pat to my cock which throbbed in anticipation of her touching me again. "Into the back you go, my delicious man. Time for you to make good on your promises..."
Promises? I hadn't promised her anything. Although I would. I would promise anything to have her follow me into the back of this night-shaded paradise. I said nothing as I rose into a crouch to crawl into the back.
"I know. I know you will." Katie's head whipped forward, and the tip of my cock disappeared into her wet mouth.
I fell back against the seat, frustrated at the angle which prevented her from taking more of me.
A sucking noise and cold air on my skin announced the removal of her lips from around my cock. "Just a taste. A little taste for now. Back you go." Her hands pushed me into motion, and I stumbled into the back.
Dim rose-tinted light from several recessed panels showed an interior better suited to a pleasure palace than an SUV. A mattress with silk sheets and pillows filled the space, no sign of traditional seats anywhere. Hands gripped the back pockets of my jeans and peeled them off my legs as I tumbled onto the mattress. The silk made warm whispers against my skin as I fumbled my shirt off. I looked towards the front, eager for my opportunity to touch her now that the driving was done.
The sundress was little more than a wide belt now, tucked below her swaying breasts and above her trimmed bush, sculpted into a heart shape. I reached forward, straining towards her massive tits, and the nipples I craved to have within my mouth, but she pounced upon me in a movement that spoke of desire even stronger than mine. My keys slid out of my jeans as I flung them to the side, jangling against other bits of metal as they landed. A half-dozen fobs and keychains were tangled in a pile at the back hatch, swathed in curtains that glowed in the ruby light.
Katie's thighs were pinning me down, our naked skin pressing tight with passion. I could feel the heat of her, like a furnace against my midsection, and I strained to move within her. Wetness dripped onto my thigh, my stomach, everywhere she glided her body against mine. Her arms pressed mine back, and I realized the interior roof was mirrored. I drank in the sight of Katie above me, her naked ass undulating in rhythm with her breasts just out of my mouth's reach.
Her neck stretched upwards, longer than I remembered and there was a sinuousness to her which seemed less than human, more like a great cat, or a bird of prey. Her face looked down at me, lips pulled back in a satisfied smile. Red hair cascaded around her face, nearly hiding the sight of her teeth extending, sharpening to points.
A sensation of fire encircled my cock as tightness slipped around me. I felt her muscles squeezing as she ground her pussy down upon me, lifting herself back up while her legs forced me against the mattress. I was helpless, unable to move - unwilling to move - as she sped her rhythm up, our flesh slapping as she took me. Her face hovered above mine, and her tongue drove into my mouth, insistent and demanding. Tiny sharp pains in my mouth warred against the pleasure crashing through the rest of my body.
My mouth went numb, and I heard a tearing sound as Katie reared back, drops of scarlet spattering from her lips to splash on my chest. My lower body exploded into release as her hips hammered me into the mattress, all sensation slipping away as her ravenous sex consumed me. Darkness crept over my vision, and I heard a scream rising as if from miles away. Scream after scream, rising in pitch, a lost soul at the end of a path.
"Yes, my sweet treat, my delicious John," she crooned. "Let me hear you, I want all of it, all of your screams, all of your..." Her tongue, divided at the tip, traced the outlines of her lips, savoring the blood which smeared within the red light. "...sweet pleasure is mine...forever."