"Got any plans for today?" Josh asked sleepily.
He'd staggered back into the dorm at two in the morning the previous day, naked except for a nearly transparent g-string. His lovers had taken his pretty clothes and dropped him off to run the last few yards to the dorm in the near nude. The noise he made had woken up Taylor, who was feeling recharged after a sensual evening of cuddling and movies with Esteban and Cassie. The swimmer had led his exhausted naked roommate out into the hall and fucked him firmly, cumming in him quite quickly from the thrill. He had then cleaned Josh up and put him to bed, but made sure to wake him in time for yoga the next morning. Josh had been very subdued all day, but in a happy, relaxed sort of way. In particular, he'd been very cuddly, which Taylor didn't mind at all. It gave him a break from the frenzied fucking of the last couple days. He and Esteban had jointly licked one orgasm out of Josh, not even sucking him, and Josh had cum again all over Cassie's tight body while making out with her. So it had been a recuperative day for them all. This morning, looking down the length of his body, Taylor could see that his friend's cock was back to its usual insistent hardness. They were lying head-to-toe in bed, and Josh was casually planting a series of kisses on one of Taylor's feet. The taller jock ached with lust at how intimate and unashamed their interactions were.
"Nope. What dirty things do you have in mind for me today?" He sucked the runner's toes into his mouth. In spite of Esteban's explanations, he still didn't comprehend why this felt so good-but it did. Plus, it made him feel as if he were really servicing his lover and showing his respect. He liked that. It turned him on.
"Do you want me to tell you," Josh said between licks, "or do you want me to surprise you?"
"Will the surprise make me extra horny?"
"Yes. Guaranteed."
"Then surprise me."
"There's a condition."
"Okay?"
"No cumming until this afternoon. So you're really feeling the need."
"Damn. We can't fuck in the shower?"
"It would be safer not to. I really shouldn't even be doing this." Josh bent his free leg at the knee and placed his foot atop Taylor's dick.
"You're right," Taylor said a couple minutes later, struggling to keep control as soft toes tortured his tip. "Shit, Josh, I-oh, fuck, that was close!"
"Yeah, no more for you today," Josh said, standing up and reaching for his tights. "Quick run?"
"Of course." They'd taken a couple of hours the previous afternoon to go shopping for some proper workout tights and skimpy shorts for Taylor. He now looked far more brazen in his spandex. Loose nylon covers an erection; flat-fronted lycra highlights it. Both boys were flaunting their wares. "Track today?"
"Yeah," Josh said, pushing his shoes back in the closet. "Oh wait, no. I need your feet to be perfectly clean this afternoon." He was glancing at his phone. "Let's check in downstairs real quick. Esteban said the door's open."
It was. Anyone could have walked in and seen Esteban crouching on all fours on the edge of his bed while Cassie rimmed him. She was fully dressed, at least in a tight T-shirt and miniscule shorts. He was naked and very, very hard.
"Wow," Taylor said approvingly. "That's a nice lot of precum you've worked out of him." He wiped some of it off the sheets with a finger and tried it, then shared the taste with Josh.
"I reallllly need to be getting to class," Cassie said, her voice muffled by the RA's bubble butt, "but he's the most fun toy I've had in a while. I like playing with him."
"Keep playing," Esteban moaned in pleasure.
"There's one more thing I can do," the blonde girl commented, "and then I have to go." She reached up the leg of her shorts and moaned softly as she withdrew a long, slender rubber plug. Already lubed with her juices, it slid easily into Esteban's wet hole.
"Oh, shit," the wrestler shivered. "How long are you going to leave that in me?"
"Until I take it out."
"Please! At least get me off first!"
"I already did. And some of your cum is still in me. The rest is in your ass." Cassie stood up and stepped into her flip-flops. "Have fun, hot stuff." She gave each of the other boys a long, drawn-out deep tongue kiss. "Don't let his neediness interrupt your run. Take him with you."
"That girl tortures me," Esteban said, getting to his feet. He had a huge grin on his face. "You realize she hasn't actually touched my dick since we fucked? This is all just my nipples and ass." His cock was thick and veiny with blood and prolonged arousal.
"The other jocks will admire your nice pumped nipples," Taylor said. "Come on, let's get that butt of yours another workout."
"I hate to cover it up," the RA said. He slipped on a short-sleeved, knee-length bodysuit that made the other boys drool with envy at how it fitted him, then glanced at his friends' feet. "Sneaks? Not doing the track today?"
"We are, but I've got something special planned for later and I want to make sure our feet are extra clean."
"Sounds sexy," Esteban winked. "But I don't have that incentive. So I'll just run barefoot to make me even hornier. All that extra foot stimulation." He grabbed his Havaianas and they were off.
When Taylor parted from Josh after class later that morning, he stopped him in the hallway and kissed him goodbye in front of dozens of milling students. Josh's eyes sparkled.
"You're making me feel really good about this afternoon," he smiled.
"Sure you're not going to tell me?"
"Nope. You chose suspense, you get suspense."
"Fine. How much longer?"
"Pick me up after my last class." Josh pecked him on the lips again and strolled away.
Taylor spent the rest of the day in a haze of lust. His semi-hard dick was quite obvious beneath his boardshorts the whole time, just short of being actionably erect. Heads turned in the hallways. Girls made snarky remarks in whispers while guys tried not to be obviously envious of his size and boldness. He made it through lunch without exploding and grabbed a quick swim afterward, wishing he'd brought one of Josh's plugs. In the gym shower, he had no hesitation about lubing up three fingers and teasing his prostate for a while. He was getting good at it. Precum drooled steadily from his fat glans. Throughout the process, the swimmer made a point of never touching his erection directly if he could help it. After he'd spent five or ten minutes in his ass, he turned his attention to his balls, savoring the dull ache as he gently massaged them. He couldn't help wondering if there was any special treatment Josh would do to his balls if he asked for it. Then he began picturing himself tied up the way Josh had been the other night, and he had to stop immediately.
For a moment, Taylor worried that he was getting too submissive. He decided to try a thought experiment. Imagining Josh in the restraints again, he envisioned himself approaching the lithe, nubile boy with some of the more advanced toys he'd previously seen in Josh's play box. Starting with a ball gag. There was such an expression of desperate lust in the smaller boy's eyes as he stared up at his roommate, his voice now silenced-
"Oh, fuck," Taylor said out loud. He looked down at his dick. It was pulsing rhythmically from his arousal. Yeah, definitely versatile, he reassured himself internally, grinning. He cleaned up and put on some nicer clothes than he'd worn earlier in the day. He didn't know what Josh had in mind, but it never hurt to look cute, especially if there was going to be sex involved.
His last class involved a pop quiz, which he was grateful for afterward, since it took his mind off his daydreams for a bit. The last half hour was murder, though. He was first out the door as it came to an end, almost running down the hall, his sandals slapping on the linoleum. Five minutes later, he grabbed Josh on the sidewalk right outside the latter's classroom and kissed him in front of a good portion of the student body. Josh returned it without missing a beat, tongues as far down each other's throats as they could get them.
"Excited?"
"You're lucky I haven't exploded in my shorts just from touching you."
"You will from me touching you later." Josh set his backpack down on a bench nearby. "Take your shirt off. I want to see your body." Taylor whipped off his polo and tossed it to his lover, who followed suit with his own tank top. They kissed again, more sensuously this time, bare chests rubbing.
"Mmmm. I think we need a picture of this," Taylor smiled.
"Absolutely," Josh agreed. He pulled out his phone and took a couple of selfies. "Could be better. Excuse me!" He suddenly bolted off towards a muscle guy who was slowly walking by a few yards away. "Excuse me, but could you take a pic for us real quick?"
"Hey, sure," the guy said, grinning awkwardly. He seemed more curious than anything. He got a great shot of the two jocks showing off their eight-packs in front of the campus, and another of them lip to lip. Taylor couldn't believe how sexy they looked, two studs wearing nothing but flip-flops and shorts that didn't come halfway down their thighs. His white chinos were becoming noticeably wet in spots.
"These are gorgeous. Thank you so much!"
"No problem. You guys have great bodies." The muscle boy was clearly checking them both out.
"So do you," Josh said, returning the stare. "And if you'd like a blowjob in exchange for the pics, just call us and we'll be happy to oblige."
The guy gasped, then covered it with a laugh that trailed off uncertainly. "Thanks, but-I don't swing that way."
Josh shrugged. "That's okay. But it's a standing offer. And if I can be honest with you, from the way you're checking us both out, you have a sense of how good another guy's body can make yours feel." The guy shook his head and took a couple steps back, mumbling a "thanks" before hurrying away, eyes on the pavement.
"Sixty percent chance he'll be back," Josh said, watching him go.
"He didn't get our info."
"He can find us on Instagram if he looks for the pics he snapped. It's pretty recognizable. Especially after we sprinkle #umiami tags all over them." Both boys' fingers were flying over their phones. "Instagram is a hookup app anyway. Why shouldn't he use it to hook up with us?"
"Someone who commented on one of our pics earlier called us sluts and said how upset he was that we were giving pansexuals a reputation as sluts."
"First of all," Josh retorted, "our being pan has nothing to do with our being sluts. Separate issues. Just because we're both doesn't mean everyone who is one is or has to be the other, and at the same time, we can't be expected to closet either our spectrum of attraction or our promiscuity to please others."
"And second," Taylor continued, "there's nothing wrong with being a slut in the first place. It's not a derogatory term, for God's sake!"
"A slut is what you call someone who's getting the sex you wish you were getting," Josh repeated.
"Is it?" Taylor asked. "I've kind of been wondering about that today. Do people genuinely not want sex or something? Do we really seem that abnormal to them for acting on the urges that we all have in common? Or do they not have those urges at all?"
"You know, I still question that every now and then," Josh said. "Because there is such a gap sometimes. But you and I aren't abnormal. We're jocks, we've had all sorts of checkups and tests all our lives, and neither of us has ever had anything weird come up, right? So physically we must be normal. Which means I have to assume that everyone else does want sex as much as I do, and when they say they don't, they're lying."
"They can't resist lying, though. They're dishonest about everything to do with sex. It's like a black hole that screws up their gravitational fields. Like all these discussions of sexual identity that ignore the fact that sexual identity is based on sexual behavior. It's not about who you marry or fall in love with. It's about who you have sex with! Trying to treat sexual identity as if it's sexless disconnects it from reality! But, shit, in politics today, God forbid anyone even mention sex."
"Bingo. Homoromantics aren't discriminated against because they love other men. Winston Churchill wasn't discriminated against because he surrounded himself with beautiful, talented young men to admire at a distance. Homosexuals are discriminated against because they put their dicks in each other. Period. That's all there is to it. Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is discrimination on the basis of sexual activity-and not just because someone else thinks your particular kind of sex is gross, but because they think sex itself is gross."
Taylor shook his head. "And somehow world population is climbing towards eight billion."
"Because we all have these urges. There's the added proof of how normal the two of us are. Humans like to fuck. But they don't like to be honest about it. And until we're honest about our desires, we're not going to be able to manage them rationally, and until we do that, we'll keep eating and breeding and warring ourselves into hell." He sighed.
Taylor gave him a few moments. "So now that you've gotten the State of the Union off your chest, where are we going?"
Josh smacked him on the butt. "To the garage. We'll need your car."
The low office building to which Josh directed him wasn't far from the campus. From starting to stopping, including traffic lights and parking, it didn't take ten minutes. They could have walked it, Taylor thought, and wondered what the hurry was. Josh seemed to know exactly what he was doing, however, so Taylor followed him into an unmarked office near one end of the complex. The door was unlocked, meaning either that they were expected, or that the place was open.
Inside, it was a single studio space with a tiny kitchen counter off to one side. The opposite wall was filled with boxes and bins full of odds and ends and bits of clothing. Against the rear of the office hung a plain backdrop with lights set up in front of it.
"Surprise!" Josh exclaimed.
"It's a photo studio," Taylor realized.
"Yep." Coming towards them was a sexy Latin twink with blowjob lips and long dark hair that swept low over a pair of sultry eyes. He wasn't more than five foot seven or eight, but had a lightly-muscled twock body barely concealed beneath a tight tank top and tight jean shorts and black no-show socks that barely covered the soles of his feet. "Taylor, this is Sam Echevarria. Sam, my roommate Taylor, whom you've been dying to jerk off to in person."
"Hi," Sam chuckled. "Taylor, I hope you won't believe him. With you in the room, jerking off would be the last thing on my mind."
"I hope so," Taylor grinned. He gave Sam a quick kiss, shivering at how good the boy was. "So is Sam the surprise?"
"What Sam can do is the surprise," Josh said. "Sam is a photographer. In fact, Sam was the photographer who did my first nude shoot when I was sixteen."
"How could you do a nude shoot when you were sixteen?"
"It wasn't erotic nudes. I did a bunch of naked athlete, country boy, jungle boy stuff. All perfectly innocent, and normal for me, too, since I never wore clothes growing up. We didn't shoot anything erotic until my eighteenth birthday, and then we made up for it by spending the whole day doing a hardcore shoot that Sam made a very nice book out of. It still sells well."
"Fuck," Taylor breathed. "My roommate is a high-class porn boy." His gaze shifted to Sam.
"And you brought me here to make me into the same thing."
"It's your call on whether you want to publish the shots," Josh assured him. "But I know you'd love the experience of having sex on camera. And being able to look at how hot and horny you were as a freshman for the rest of your life."
Taylor unbuttoned his shorts and stepped out of them. His eight-plus inches stood straight up.
"I want them published."
"Sign here, please," Sam said, going over to the counter and handing them a couple of forms. "The usual release and payment schedule. Josh knows it."
"The way it works," Josh explained, "is that after the book comes out, Sam gets a third of the profits, and the rest is split among the models in proportion to how many shots everyone appears in."
"Wow, that's very generous."
"An art book of hot young men fucking instead of just teasing sells really nicely at pride festivals. Fifty bucks apiece, and Sam usually sells about five hundred of each. There's a good market for this stuff in south Florida. So you figure what your share would be in a hundred-page book with numbers like that."
"Nice!"
"I usually take a few of the models around to pride festivals across the country in the summer," Sam said. "Gives us all a chance to get out of Florida during the heat and helps sell books with a bunch of nearly-naked boys standing right next to pictures of themselves fucking. And the models get to flaunt their wares and get a lot of fresh meat along the way."
"Isn't all that traveling expensive?"
"Let's just say I have a lot of friends who have no problem letting half a dozen naked guys drape themselves all over their summer homes for extended periods."
"So fucking hot," Taylor groaned. He handed back the signed release and turned to his roommate. "Josh, why are you still dressed?" Without waiting, he pulled Josh's shorts down and lifted him out of them. "What's it like on one of those tours?"
"I haven't done one yet," Josh said. "I wasn't old enough last year."
"Next summer, you're coming," Sam said sternly. "No excuses."
"My hole quivers with anticipation," Josh retorted. He strode across to the backdrop and began doing some stretches to warm up. His erection diminished slightly, but not by much. "We're starting out in speedos, right?"
"Yeah, it would be ridiculous for him not to show them off, since he's a swimmer."
"Taylor, I brought your high school team suit," Josh said. "It's in my backpack."
"Awesome!" Taylor wedged his hardon into the black spandex with a familiarity born of long practice. It made him even more needy when it scraped his delicate tip. Josh slipped into a brilliant white Speedo Solar that screamed Miami and contrasted with his friend's more boring suit. Taylor kissed him as he joined him in front of the lights, their bulges frotting gently.
"Beautiful," Sam said. "I love the desire and tension you guys have." They could tell he meant it. He'd lost his clothes, apart from the tiny socks that seemed to draw the eye to his feet when paired with his nudity, and his erection was as firm as theirs. "But let it build. You're going to be blowing a couple loads apiece while you're here, so take your time."
"You have an absolutely beautiful cock," Taylor said, staring. "I think that's the prettiest dick I've ever seen, in porn or real life."
Sam burst out laughing. So did Josh.
"You know what's funny about that?" the latter said. "Everyone thinks it's the prettiest penis they've ever seen. Sam got that reaction so often that he made a book about it. His lovely cock photographed in a variety of scenarios, to flaunt its beauty."
"Hey, everyone loved that book," Sam grinned, unembarrassed.
"Focus," Josh said, and pulled Taylor back into their kiss. The camera clicked for the first time on Taylor's first shoot.
Taylor felt as if he could have cum from five minutes of simply making out with Josh while their spandex bulges rubbed together. Unfortunately for his needs, Sam had them changing out of their speedos and into new suits every couple of minutes. After the initial monochrome shots, he put them in a variety of brilliant colors, tropical yellows and limes and turquoises and reds to highlight their golden skin. In some of the photos, Josh was kneeling in front of Taylor, submissive, preparing to service him; in others, Taylor was in the submissive pose. They caressed and licked each other's feet while staring into each other's eyes, and Taylor picked Josh up and held him aloft almost as easily as a dancer might have done it. Except that the ceiling was low and he had to kneel. But it still made for some impressive shots as Josh contorted his yoga-trained body.
They made out and sucked each other's bulges and simulated fucking with their speedos still on, until their cocks slipped out the leg openings of their suits and wept precum all over their hips. Taylor slid his shaft right up the back of Josh's speedo while Josh pretended to be shocked and Sam snapped away at the distorted spandex. After that, he had them change back into white speedos and gave them little sailor hats out of one of the prop bins. From another he took a length of cable, which he twined around them both artistically, and gave Taylor a crate to sit on.
"These are going to be black-and-whites," Sam explained. "Try to look like two Navy sailors on Waikiki Beach on leave in 1942. You're both country boys. Both eighteen, you enlisted as young as possible. Both of you miss your friends' warm mouths and the wetness between your girlfriends' legs so badly. And you're dying to ask each other to go up into the mountains and fuck. Now say it with body language." And they did. Their bulges throughout were almost obscene without receiving a single touch the entire time.
"Speedos off!" Sam called. He took away the props and the boys tossed their suits at him. Taylor's hooked neatly around his horizontal cock.
"Nice," Sam said. He grabbed his camera and took a picture of the dangling speedo. "This should be a competitive sport."
"At the collegiate level," Josh added. He grabbed Taylor's nipples and tweaked them. The swimmer shivered and rose up on his toes in protest.
"Hold it!" Sam ordered, shooting away. After he captured the tension of the moment, he bent over and took a closeup of Taylor's straining soles, with Josh's feet in the background. "Okay, you can let him go now."
"Ouch," Taylor said, and tackled Josh. What followed was a gentle mix of wrestling and cock play and half-kisses that made the boys' muscles and dicks strain. They shone as they grappled beneath the lights. Taylor easily overpowered Josh each time, taking pleasure in holding the smaller teen by the balls, or fisting his painfully bloated shaft. They groaned into each other's mouths, wiped strands of precum from their pricktips with their fingers and fed each other. Josh did a handstand and then a split. Taylor stood over him at right angles, legs spread, and Josh pushed up until their crotches met and they looked like a piece of erotic sculpture. Both boys took turns kneeling in front of each other and blowing one another, their body placement hiding the sex act while making it very clear to the viewer what was going on. Taylor bent Josh backwards over one knee in such a fashion that their packages also disappeared. Sam was trying to get some shots now and then where they were clearly stimulating each other without their cocks in view, things that would be right up to the limit of what was allowed on Instagram.
Josh did a handstand facing Taylor, and Taylor sucked his toes while he did it, their cocks throbbing against one another. Lying down, they worshiped each other's feet passionately, the action made much more exciting by the knowledge it was being captured for the world to see. Taylor grabbed Josh's dick between his soles and teased it until the runner was on the verge of cumming. Then it was Josh's turn to grasp Taylor's cock at the base with one foot while he polished Taylor's dripping glans with his other sole. As he kept the motion up mercilessly, the swimmer began to convulse.
"Okay, break time," Sam called. "Can't have you boys cumming too soon." He was noticeably shaking himself from the intensity of his unslaked lust. "Take five."
Josh let go of Taylor and got up, walking across to the fridge for a drink. Taylor followed him.
"So I'm guessing you'll want to do this again," Sam said, smiling.
"Abso-fucking-lutely!" Taylor almost shouted. "I can't wait to see what this looks like in pictures." Sam held up the camera and showed him, and the jock almost stopped breathing. He was mesmerized by how sexual and how desirable he seemed, how hard his muscles were and how huge his dick was. Narcissism washed over him, and for the first time in his life, he understood what it might feel like to be in love with a man.
"Wow."
"Yeah, this is probably some of our best work ever," Josh commented, looking over Sam's shoulder. His prick was casually dripping down the twink's hip.
"I'm thinking a couple more shoots to make a good book for you two. Maybe a sailboat. We could try doing a few underwater shots. And maybe something on campus, since you both like being brazen. Or the two of you exploring the Keys in the buff, or in speedos."
"All good possibilities that make me hard," Taylor agreed. "Question, though: why are you not completely naked? I'm feeling uncomfortable being one of only two naked boys in the room."
"He likes his little socks," Josh chuckled. "It's a kink of his."
"Yeah, like you haven't cum over my sockfeet enough times for it to be a kink of yours, too," Sam said, and stuck his tongue out at Josh. Taylor reached out and pulled him into a close embrace, cock to cock, looking down into his eyes.
"So, Sam...all those times when you've fucked Josh's tight little hole when he wasn't inside yours, did he wear socks for you?"
"Actually, quite a bit," Sam said coyly. "He likes to press his lovers' buttons. He's a boy-pleaser. Well, a girl-pleaser too, but more of a boy-pleaser. So a lot of the time he'd slip on some no-shows for me. And he squirmed when I sucked his toes through them. Always."
"He's very appreciative," Taylor agreed. He went down on his knees. "And I am, too, and I'd like to show you." Lifting one of Sam's socked feet, he took the photographer's toes in his mouth.
"Goddamn," Sam swore. "Oh, fuck." He looked at his friend. "Are you sure this is the guy you told me about? The one who hadn't even had gay sex a week ago?"
"I started his training six days ago exactly."
"Fuck me!" Sam squealed. His dick was jerking back and forth so hard it was slapping off his abs.
"I'm going to," Taylor said quite seriously, looking up at him. "But later." He pulled the sock down just far enough to plant a long, tender kiss on Sam's sole before sliding it back up. "You have beautiful feet."
"And you have a beautiful sexy mouth," Sam said, sliding his tongue into it as Taylor stood up. He was an incredible kisser, the swimmer realized. No wonder he had hot college kids shamelessly spreading their legs for his camera. He could seduce them by standing there naked and responding to their advances. "Fuck," the photographer said again, as their lips parted. "Hardly any experienced gay guys would even do that to me-and you're basically a virgin. What the fuck? I mean, I love it, but..."
"It's different," Taylor said. "And that makes it sexy. Besides, I'm realizing how hot foot play is, so I guess when I see a hot pair of feet covered, it's like seeing someone in a swimsuit: the best part is hidden. So your socks are like swimsuits for your feet. Part of the tease."
"Then as a swimmer you should try that kind of swimsuit, don't you think?" Josh said. He'd rummaged around in the bins and come up with a couple more pairs of socks, one of which looked like it would fit Taylor's size fourteens. "Why don't we give Sam something extra special to remember us by?"
"Oh my fuck," Sam breathed, watching the freshman put the socks on. Taylor, with his growing knack for understanding sexuality, had expressed his feelings perfectly. His kink was titillation by the smallest possible concealment of the most desirable parts of the body. He wanted to bury his face in both boys' soles-he'd already done it often enough with Josh, but the boy was so passionate that he knew they would remain lovers to some degree for a long time.
They started sixty-nining in front of him, each jock fellating the other's cloth-covered toes. Sam could see it was a huge turnon for both of them, their cocks never softening in the slightest. It was almost painful for him to keep from throwing himself on them. Instead, he grabbed his camera and began capturing their kinky lovemaking. He caught their every move when Taylor pressed Josh's sockfoot against the runner's own cock and took both toe and cocktip in his mouth, a move that Josh duplicated with the swimmer's huge foot, barely concealed by the black no-show that fitted his sole like a black bikini would have clung to his cock. They leaned back and gave each other footjobs again, the roughness of the fabric making them wince. "Fuck, yes, boys, that's perfect," Sam encouraged them, shooting almost continuously to capture their nearly painful reactions to the overstimulation of their hot young dicks.
They knelt facing each other, kissing, cocks touching, socked feet on display. Josh pushed Taylor back on his haunches, then stood. He lifted one leg gracefully and placed a pointed toe on Taylor's chest, pushing him backwards in a slow bend. Taylor flailed his arms in slight exaggeration, as if overcome by Josh's power. Sam had to crouch down to get the final pose, Josh standing over the bigger boy and totally controlling him with one socked foot, their boners raging. Then Josh raised the stakes. He put his toes in Taylor's mouth and made him suck them. "Bite them," he whispered to his roommate. Taylor did, and caught the sock in his teeth. Very, very slowly, Josh lifted his foot until the tiny sock pulled off, his toes still pointing down.
"HOLD IT!" Sam shouted at the top of his voice. He had been shooting at a distance to capture their statuesque pose, but when he saw what Josh, had done, he lost control. Quickly, he stepped across to them. His dick exploded, jetting cum over Josh's shin and foot, with the smaller spurts splashing on Taylor's face-and the sock he held in his mouth. The simple eroticism of their pairing, focused on one of his favorite kinks, had sent him over the edge.
"Hold it," he gasped, thinking Josh was about to move, and took a step back. Collapsing to his knees, he shot the cum-covered foot and face in profile. Taylor took the sock out of his mouth, and that gave Sam the same view all over, but with a different aspect.
"Fuck," Taylor commented. He pulled Josh's toes into his mouth and started cleaning him. "Sam, get over here and help me with this." Sam obeyed.
"Taylor, Josh...thanks," he sighed, when they were done and the boys were tongue-bathed clean again. "That has never happened before. Never. But then I've never had two stunning guys volunteer to do that for me. So thank you."
"That was pretty amazing," Josh said. "How's your horniness?"
"Does it look any less?" The twink's cock was still horizontal. "I didn't even touch myself. That wasn't even an orgasm, that was a half-gasm."
"That was a lot of cum from a half-gasm," Josh said with a rude gesture. "Anyway, I want a lycragasm with this lighting you've got here. I found these in the box as well." He held up two pairs of white ballet tights.
"You want to cum in tights? Hell yes!" Taylor scrambled to get his legs into them.
Their gold-and-ivory bodies writhed like moving statues in the brilliant light. Their legs were long and luscious beneath the lycra, perfectly outlined yet idealized at the same time. They kissed and touched each other, nibbling and licking chests and nipples and muscles while they ground their crotches together. Beneath the thin tights, even the veins in their cocks could be seen, swollen and goaded beyond endurance. Sam got some superb closeups of their straining meat.
Taylor went over the edge first. He made one of those inarticulate sounds, half scream and half laugh, that can only be wrenched from the lips during sex, and shot his load hard enough that it squirted through the fabric, splattering on the floor some distance away. Grinding his cock against Josh's hip, the gush of his load after the immediate pressure was off his cock soaked both their thighs. Taylor yelled again and grabbed Josh's prick almost furiously. Direct stimulation, combined with the feeling of his roommate's load on his body, was all it took for Josh. There was little space on the front of their tights not transparent when he finished shooting. The teens made out, cocks still surging in their see-through prisons, and Sam caught the whole thing.
"I'm guessing you boys don't need another break," he grinned.
"Nope," Josh said. He lay down on his back and Taylor peeled his tights off him. "I've decided I'm going to fuck Taylor for a bit before he fucks me. Then he can get creative with me as his bottom boy and hopefully fuck a load out of me."
"God, I love it when you cum from my cock in your ass," Sam said. "Did you show Taylor that video?"
"Not yet, but maybe we'll have a sex viewing party tonight with some friends."
"I'll send you the video from this shoot. Your friends will be all over you."
"We're being filmed?" Taylor exclaimed. He was rocking on his toes, as Sam had taken his nakedness as an invitation to lightly handle his wet, tender cock. The overstimulation was delicious and uncomfortable at the same time, and he didn't dare make the photographer stop until he wanted to let go.
"Oh, yeah. I usually do. It's fun to watch afterward. So, Josh, how are you going to take your jock stud bottom?"
"On his back to start with," Josh said. "Then face down so you can get some safe shots from the front and some nice closeups of me inside him from the back."
"Perfect," Sam said. "Taylor, ready to get fucked?"
"Very. Josh has made me like taking things in my ass."
"You're an athlete. You need all your muscles stimulated. Including your tight hole." The photographer grabbed a bottle of almond oil and lubed up Taylor's butt along with Josh's dick to keep them from getting it on their skin, where it would show up inconveniently in the bright lighting. Taylor rolled over without hesitation, his knees to his chest. Josh knelt and speared him with his first thrust without so much as touching his shaft. They kissed again.
"Beautiful fucking boys," Sam murmured. He couldn't resist shooting them from behind, capturing the joining of their bodies, the almost sculptural perfection of how Josh's hard, smooth shaft dove into Taylor's soft, smooth butt. They fucked slowly, the urgency taken off by their recent orgasms, but their need still very much present. Sam moved back and the soles of their feet framed the sex act. Taylor was whimpering slightly as he was fucked and kissed. Both his hands were stroking Josh's back. His cock was too hard to need attention.
Sam began taking pictures of them that would push the limits on social media but might possibly escape the censors. While one of the young men was clearly sodomizing the other, his dick was invisible for that reason. And as for the other erection in the shot, the careful positioning of a leg or an arm or even a shadow would make it disappear. Anal intercourse turned into a sensual implied nude through the magic of the camera.
"Fuck me," Taylor moaned. He put his hands behind his head and Josh straightened up, grasping his hips. Unlike most teenagers, he didn't pound away recklessly. He knew exactly what his body and his lover's were capable of doing, and used them both for their joint pleasure. Not once had either of them touched Taylor's dick, yet it was so hard that it bounced off his taut abs. The pressure on his prostate and the eroticism of being photographed and filmed submitting to another man's lusts were all he needed. Sam took a quick swipe at Taylor's toes with his tongue, unable to resist, before stepping back to capture the boys from a distance, their passion enhanced by its isolation in the shot.
Josh kissed Taylor again. "Time to roll over."
"I hate it when you do that," Taylor hissed, feeling the runner's hardon leave his ass. He flipped over immediately, crushing his slick cock against the floor. "Now get back in me." Josh obliged him, and in that position, he went deep. Taylor gasped and his eyes rolled. Part of him wanted to scream and another part of him wasn't certain that being violated so deeply counted as pain. Or pleasure. His own erection chafed against the floor as Josh stabbed him. The combination felt too good. He pushed up and rolled them over onto their sides, letting Josh grab his head and twist it back for a kiss even while the smaller jock kept fucking him and used his left hand to tease the swimmer's nipples. Taylor's cock, hanging in midair, drizzled a strand of precum all the way to the floor, forced out of him by the fuck. Sam scurried around them, capturing their coitus from every angle.
"Timeout," Josh called suddenly. He slowed to a stop inside Taylor and gradually withdrew. "I'm ready."
"Damn, I hoped you were going to keep that up," Taylor pretended to pout.
"Don't worry, Taylor, I'll fuck you very good when we're done," Sam assured him, pecking the teen on the lips as he stood up. "But I love seeing Josh get fucked, too."
"And I love fucking him," Taylor said. "I think my favorite place to fuck him so far is in the shower."
"Swimmers like water," Josh grinned. He was cleaning his cock and lubing his ass for the next round. "We have got to do a really good underwater sex shoot."
"Oh, fuck," Sam sighed. "I suddenly had this vision of Josh spreadeagled, face down on the ocean floor, corroded chains holding his wrists and ankles, while Taylor fucks him from behind."
The blonde had to close his eyes for a minute. "Stop. I want that. Fuck, now I can't stop thinking about it."
"It would be tricky. We'd need a couple guys in scuba gear to buddy breathe you two when I wasn't shooting. But you're both good at holding your breath. And the oxygen deprivation would heighten the eroticism. You'd be hard as fuck."
"Sorry, Josh," Taylor said, his eyes snapping open, "but that's too much for me to stand here and think about right now." He walked over to the runner, picked him up in his arms, and slid Josh down on his erection.
"And this is why I love jocks." Sam couldn't get the grin off his face. "You can do such amazing things to each other."
Taylor fucked Josh while holding the smaller boy's full weight as if it were insignificant, freely thrusting up into him. At first they kissed, but then Josh leaned back and stretched out his legs, putting their bodies in opposition. Taylor's hands massaged his butt at the same time that the swimmer was splitting it with his erection. They stared at each other, the one daring the other to cum from the fucking, the other demanding it, his cock wetting his torso with his desire.
"Are you going to fuck me underwater?" Josh whispered.
"Yes," Taylor said. "I'm going to fuck you like a swimmer should fuck his boy."
"I'm your boy now?"
"You're my boy whenever my dick is inside you." Very slowly, both to demonstrate his power and to allow Sam to capture it fully, he squatted down, lowering them all the way to the floor with his shaft fully buried in his roommate. Their bodies came together again and they kissed, feet touching behind each other, Josh sitting on Taylor's lap.
"Yes," Josh murmured, eyes closed. "Perfect. Fuck, fuck...Taylor, hold me...I fucking love you...fuck me right there..." It was all Taylor could do not to explode in his friend, feeling and hearing him tremble and beg to be violated. Fortunately, they were barely moving. Neither of them wanted to; merely being joined was enough.
"Josh," Sam's voice eventually cut in, "this is a photoshoot, and your dick looks really needy right now."
The runner looked into his top's eyes and began to fuck himself on Taylor's dick. A couple of dozen strokes later, his cum shot straight up in the air between their bodies before splattering back down on his abs. Josh's fists and heels hit the ground, his muscles twisting as he fought the urge to convulse that would have thrown him off Taylor's cock and deprived him of the source of the agonizing pleasure he was feeling. He loved it. He craved it. It was written all over his face and body, and it was captured in the photos that whirred into the memory card of Sam's camera.
"He's very good," Sam said, trying to appear impartial, although he was shaken by the power of the sex between the two boys. Josh sprawled backwards onto the floor, finally able to breathe. Taylor's released prick towered over him and demanded relief without words, making for some excellent closeups. "But how are you going to do him now?"
"Oh, I have something in mind for that," Josh smirked. Very gingerly, he sat up and kissed Taylor before standing experimentally. "My prostate is throbbing like it's bruised. Thanks for that." He walked over to his backpack and pulled out a glass dildo, clear with a green spiral around the shaft and a separate grip for easier penetration.
"Are you sure you're not going to bruise mine in revenge?" Taylor joked. The expression of eagerness on his face belied any serious concern.
"That depends on how hard you squirm after I put these on you." With one finger, Josh dangled a pair of handcuffs in front of Taylor. The freshman's eyes went wide.
"Has he ever been restrained before?" Sam asked.
"Nope," Josh said. He walked across to Taylor's side. "You might want to be kneeling for this."
Wordlessly, Taylor obeyed, sliding forward onto his knees. Josh put the dildo down and cuffed his hands behind his back.
"Josh, come over here a minute," Sam called. "He looks so sculptural like that. Taylor, look up as if you're waiting for your lover to come have his way with you. Now down, admiring your dick. Close your eyes, meditating. Now off into the distance, the spirit of lust constrained but surging to break free. Beautiful. Okay, Josh."
"Your lover is going to have his way with you," Josh said, picking up the dildo. To Taylor's surprise, he placed the glass cock to the blonde's lips.
"Open."
He made Taylor suck the dildo as deeply as he could take it, slowly inching it in and out of his mouth. Taylor entered into the spirit of the thing, licking and kissing the toy as if it were a real cock. Sam captured him in profile, looking stunningly handsome, his tongue out, in an image that was entirely within the internet's nudity limits while being defiant and sexual as well.
"Good boy," Josh purred, offering Taylor his own still-swollen prick while adding his spit to the dildo. The photographer felt himself grow dangerously hard once more as the young man fucked his friend's face while fucking his own throat with a dildo. Two magnificent men complicit in their own submission-dominating themselves, as it were, in a self-perpetuating sexual balance.
"Okay, Josh, fuck him now," Sam instructed, not wanting to tax the boys too much farther.
Taylor quickly rolled onto his back, lifting his legs in the air and carrying some of his weight on his shoulders to take the strain off his arms. Josh lubed the dildo and slid it all the way inside him in one slow, smooth movement.
"Hah," the swimmer exhaled. His cock strained from the screwing his ass was getting. The spiral ridges on the dildo were deliciously smooth when Josh twisted it inside him-but when he pulled it straight out, they tugged at his hole and made him think the fake dick was growing while it fucked him. He loved the sensation. A week ago he had only the vaguest idea of what his athlete's body was capable of doing in bed. Now he was performing far beyond anything in his past and meeting the challenge, being rewarded with almost too much pleasure. Pleasure and performance, inextricably intertwined in his mind from now on.
He felt coolness on his shaft and realized Josh was cleaning his cock. Then he felt the slickness of oil as his roommate began to stroke him while dildoing him, and he smiled in relief. This was going to make him cum, and soon. And he was going to squirt all over his body when he did. Josh's hands were talented. No human male, he was sure, could have resisted this treatment.
"Hey, Taylor?"
"Uhh...yeah?"
"Do you cum harder when your muscles are straining?"
"Ohhh yeah."
"Then push up on your toes and cum for me."
"Fuck!" Taylor levered his body up, resting on his shoulders and toes, making himself a triangle. Every muscle in his body flexed. The dildo was painfully hard within him as his ass clenched down on it. Josh fondled his slippery cock delicately, playing with his glans and frenulum, barely touching them. But the targeted stimulation of those areas made Taylor's cockhead inflate almost instantly. His shaft flexed to almost nine inches in length, and his first spurt of cum hit him right in the mouth. Josh rammed the dildo hard into him in time with each of his spasms, making him howl every time. His entire torso ran with his juices.
"Stay on your toes," Josh urged him, as the orgasm faded and the swimmer's body began to sag. "Thrust your hips like a slut." He was now polishing the boy's cock with his own cum.
Taylor screamed, unable to express himself coherently. Never in his life had he seen his cock so red and swollen. Some part of his awareness registered that Sam was bending over them snapping away, that his bondage and debauchery would be with him for the rest of his life. Knowing it made him harder-and he also knew he shouldn't be this hard after blowing a massive load, that his lover was overriding his body's normal defense mechanisms to give him a level of pleasure he'd never be able to inflict on himself.
"You can stop, if you really want to," Josh said in a conversational tone that shocked Taylor back to reality. "You're strong. You could pull away, or you could kick me halfway across the room. And then your dick would get a break." His eyes locked with Taylor's. "But you're not doing that. And you're not going to. Because you love it. You get high as fuck on the endorphins just like I do. It's why we work out and it's why we fuck."
Slowly, the blonde lowered his hips to the ground, taking the weight off his legs, but making sure that he didn't interrupt Josh's twisting and thrusting. Their stares never wavered. It was effectively a declaration that the smaller boy was free to use him as a sex toy. Taylor didn't try to grit his teeth, or even control the sounds he was making as Josh overstimulated him, but not one word came out of him. He felt the dildo soak up the heat of his ass and his balls tighten. He knew he was riding for another orgasm, one that was probably going to be blindingly intense so shortly after his last one.
And as he felt it about to hit him, Josh's strokes slowed. The runner gently set Taylor's dick back on his abs and withdrew the dildo a fraction of an inch at a time, careful not to undo his good work. From a state of forced need, Taylor had come back to one of willing need. The brief intensity of his post-orgasm torment had given way to heightened lust, and he would remember that as its outcome, rather than a frighteningly massive orgasm.
Taylor sucked in deep breaths, trying to bring his heart rate under control. Sam lifted him up for a moment while Josh reached underneath his body and uncuffed him. He relaxed on the floor, completely fulfilled and at the same time burning with desire for the next adventure, the next kiss, the next beautiful body squirming on top of his cock. Josh's tongue pushed down through his lips and they made out slowly while the smaller boy wiped the cum off his lover.
"How was your first photoshoot?" Josh asked him, snuggling up to him.
"Beyond belief. I used to fantasize about being in porn. I thought it would be fun, but this was..."
"I know. I think Sam puts out some kind of pheromone that drives everyone around him into a sexual frenzy."
"You boys are the ones driving me into a frenzy," Sam said. "Taylor, you were magnificent. I don't think I've ever done a shoot remotely that hot. Josh, how the hell did you find this guy?"
"He basically propositioned me after class," Josh said. "Taylor was quite up front about wanting to explore his sexuality in the most thorough way possible."
The swimmer grinned and put his arm around his roommate. "And I got lucky in finding someone who knew all the right moves. God, I'd never have come up with this stuff or been able to do it on my own. I'm so grateful for you and your friends." He pecked Josh on the lips, and Josh melted at the reminder that his lover was not only a sexual dynamo but a considerate and thoughtful guy as well. "Hey, Sam." The photographer was kneeling, watching them cuddle. "Did you like how we looked in socks?"
"Let's just say I'm going to be looking at those pics for years while edging myself," Sam replied. "You guys were my ultimate fantasy come true there. Thank you so much."
Taylor raised an eyebrow. "It doesn't have to be over yet. I mean, the socks are right there if you wanted to use them..."
It took all of twenty seconds for Sam to sheathe both boys' feet in socks again. He seemed captivated by Taylor's huge swimmer feet, and how they stretched the no-shows to their limits. His thumbs pressed into Taylor's soles, and the jock moaned appreciatively; he and Josh were toying with each other's nipples as they kissed. Sam lifted the blonde's toes to his mouth and enjoyed them at last, strong and muscular, hinted-at yet hidden. They felt wonderful pressed to his face and chest. One of them slid down and fondled his cock while he worshiped the other. A third began rubbing his nipple, and he realized Josh had joined the action.
"Taylor," the photographer murmured a few minutes later, "if you keep doing that to me, I'm going to blow."
"That's right," Taylor said, breaking his kiss for a moment and panting slightly, "you promised to give me the fuck I needed." He grinned. "Mount up!"
"You're going to like this," Josh enthused, his attention on Sam oiling his shaft.
"Does it feel as good as it looks?" That question was answered by Sam lifting the swimmer's legs and sliding easily into him. He was no bigger than the dildo had been, but...
"Oh my God," Taylor said. His eyes rolled back and he actually let his head hit the floor.
"Yeah," Josh chuckled. "That oh-so-pretty curve in his cock is also verrrry functional."
"I...oh, damn. Fuck!" Sam's cock was not only pressing his prostate at exactly the right angle, it seemed to ripple inside him, hard as the dildo. And Sam, too, was a very experienced fucker. He could maintain steady strokes while changing his angle with each one, giving Taylor's entire hole a workout. For him, it was one of the best experiences of his life. A beautiful jock stud offering him his body, deliberately playing to his kinks, allowing Sam to debauch him on camera-he was filled with lust and affection for the freshman. From sucking Taylor's toes, he moved down to triple-kiss both boys, who were still making out. Josh pulled back, letting Sam enjoy Taylor's mouth for a while. His roommate never stopped fondling him, though, and dildoing his brains out while not touching himself had been a good way to recharge. The runner knelt and slid his hardon between his friends' lips. They latched onto it greedily, tonging him while he fucked their faces. His dick was hard and veined and slippery and aching, and Taylor's whimpers as he got fucked made the blowjob even better. Josh came for a third time from the action of their tongues on his tip, fighting for his cream.
Josh's orgasm set off a chain reaction. Taylor moaned in pleasure in response to Sam's sudden harder thrusts, and Sam cried out, both of them still slobbering on Josh's dick, breeding Taylor at the climax of his desire. He collapsed on the younger boy.
"You're still so horny," he whispered, feeling Taylor leaking between their abs. "I love that about you."
"Yeah, you guys have that effect on me." Taylor grinned.
"With a cock like this, how can you blame us for trying?" Sam asked. With one finger, he held it upright, admiring it, before reaching for the almond oil. "I'd like to try one more thing with it."
"Shit," Taylor breathed. It was extraordinary to him to watch the handsome twink, still hard after shooting a load up his ass, lower his bubble butt down on the big teen dick and take it with ease. And begin riding it like he was doing the squats. "And you had me thinking you were a top."
"With an ass like that? How could he not flip?" Josh asked, taking the opportunity to fondle the flexing butt in question. "But Sam is actually a really good top. In fact, he's the only guy his husband will bottom for."
"Damn! You're pretty wild for a married man," Taylor chuckled. His energy was returning and he was thrusting steadily up to meet Sam's pumping.
"And," Josh added, with a mischievous grin, "his husband is a very successful surgeon fifteen years older than him, a total muscle stud, and bigger than Taylor."
"We met at a club when I was eighteen, my very first semester," Sam sighed. By now he was letting Taylor do most of the work and thoroughly enjoying adding his reminiscences to the fuck. "It was love at first sight. Lust, too, but love as well. Still don't know why. Don't care. An hour after we first kissed, I was standing on the balcony of his apartment, my dick sticking through the bars, dripping cum fifteen stories down as he fucked me. I spent that night in his bed, and then almost every other night for the rest of the semester. Then I moved in with him. We got married the weekend after I graduated. So seven years now. And we made love on every single one. Never miss a day."
"Does it get him hot that you fool around with your models?"
"He's going to want to fuck me like you're doing while we watch this video."
"In that lover's bed you've slept in all these nights for years?"
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you how many people we've had through that bed in those seven years."
"Try me."
Sam bent down, kissed him, and whispered something in his ear.
"Fuck!" Taylor cried, and shot his load up Sam's ass.
"I hoped that would happen," the photographer grinned. He pulled off slowly and moved gingerly over to one of the shelves. "And just to make sure..." Taylor watched him slide a small steel plug into his hole, trapping the swimmer's load there. "Want one?" The blonde's response to that was to lift his legs and beg.
The three boys took turns cleaning up in the tiny bathroom, Taylor last. When he came out, he found Josh and Sam sitting on the couch pushed up against the front wall. He slipped in between them. "Hi."
"Hi." The three of them traded soft kisses back and forth for a few minutes. "Sam, want to come back to the dorm and spend the night sucking on our toes?"
"That would be amazing," Sam smiled. "And our sockfeet do look pretty incredible." All three boys were rubbing their barely-clad feet together, and the twink couldn't resist grabbing his camera and snapping a few more pictures. "But I've got some work to catch up on tonight. Including getting your shots processed. I really want to see what those will look like. And my husband will want to eat your load out of my ass, so that will take some time."
"And then fuck you?"
"Oh, no question about it."
"Think he'd want to fuck me?"
Sam giggled and petted the jock. "Taylor, you fucked me."
"Yeah?"
"You fucked his husband. His bottom boi. His private piece of ass. He doesn't have a problem with that-but he also has the attitude that it requires a certain amount of balance. So he's going to fuck you to restore the balance with him as the dominant partner."
"He's going to fuck me? Just like that?"
"Pretty much."
"What if I don't want to?"
"If you'd been giving off a vibe that you weren't into partner swapping, I probably wouldn't have gotten nearly as intimate with you. I'm very good at figuring that out. But you were clearly open-minded, so we fucked, and now my husband is going to fuck you one day, and that idea just made you get hard again after we pumped three loads out of you."
Taylor shrugged in resignation. "What the hell. My body can't lie. That's so fucking hot to think about. I hope you take pictures of the whole thing."
"Trust me, I will." Sam kissed him again. "You're going to love getting power fucked by a guy who's bigger and older and more experienced than you in every way. And you'll see why I love him so much. We're thinking of doing a book just of shots of our threesomes."
"And speaking of pictures," Josh said, "here are the ones of Sam's cock I was telling you about."
"Oh, God, no!" Sam cried out, covering his eyes in mock embarrassment.
Taylor had no words to describe what he was seeing. When Josh had mentioned a book composed entirely of pictures of the same penis, he had wondered how that could be done without becoming boring, much as he was learning to appreciate hard cock. The book answered that question in the most graphic way possible. It showed Sam's erect cock not by itself, but in juxtaposition to other images and acts. Some of the photos showed a closeup of Sam's shaft as he rode cocks plunging in and out of his ass, while others captured the view from behind, his dick and balls pushed back and swollen from the fuck he was taking.
"That's my husband," Sam murmured, pointing to a couple of the shots. Taylor's mouth went dry at the sight of the huge shaft entering the twink, and the hardness of his beautiful prick because of the invasion of his ass.
There were shots of Sam's erection being caressed by a variety of bare and socked feet. A few of them showed a beautifully-shaped pair in white no-show socks, vivid against dark skin. As Taylor looked, he realized that Josh was drawing his sole up his leg-and that Josh's feet were the ones in the photos. Including the shot that captured Sam gushing a copious load of thick cum over his socks. Other images showed Sam's tip in the act of piercing ass and pussy, their emphasis on the rigidity of his shaft. There were blowjobs by the dozen. A shot in profile also showed the face of a beautiful girl, her tongue extended and licking his glans. There were water shots, his dick dripping pool and ocean fluids. There were shots in cockrings, in cock straps, in chastity devices-in elaborate rope bondage that must have taken some time to weave over a young man's perpetual erection. In a few, Sam was being sounded. One showed a small clip attached to his foreskin, restraining his expanding erection, which struggled to break free.
"How do you even do that?" Taylor said, shaking his head at the sight of a beaded rod disappearing into Sam's piss slit.
"It burns at first," Sam admitted. "But you usually don't care since you're hard from anticipation, and being high helps too. Then, when your cock adjusts, which it will as long as you go slow, the feeling of getting your dick fucked is mindblowing. As is cumming while the sound is pulled out of you. It's just like bottoming. A short break-in period is required."
"Are you tied up?" Taylor asked. He peered more closely at the photo.
"Oh, yeah. It pairs well with sounding." Josh burst out laughing along with Sam.
"Okay," Taylor said as he put the book down, "I get that you guys are into the bondage thing. And so far everything you've described or showed me has been really hot. But it's not like Fifty Shades at all. No whips, no paddles, no real dom-sub stuff. Are you saving that for later? Am I getting introduced to this through gateway bondage?" Sam was taking a drink and almost snorted water out his nose when Taylor said that. "Or do you just not do it?"
"We just don't do it," Josh said. "Look, we've all read the interviews with masochists who talk about how they perceive pain as pleasure. Well, that's all well and good for them, but what no one ever mentions is that true masochists are a tiny percentage of the population. It's not normal to feel pain as pleasure. If we did, we would seek out danger and the species would go extinct."
"We find bondage very freeing, actually," Sam added. "Not in the sense of being submissive. But it frees you of any concern for your own orgasm and lets you relax and enjoy the pleasure. It lets you perceive every part of it better. Your arousal increases, and that gives your partner more options, and that lengthens the whole experience. And heightening the pleasure of orgasm is exactly the opposite of using bondage for pain."
"And I don't think any of us finds pleasure in being either totally submissive or dominant," Josh went on. "Sure, I let you fuck me like a bitch boy, but then I do the same to you. Sex is about pleasing your lovers, and it makes us happy to take cock up our butts, so we give it to each other. It's about fun, not power games. People who use sex to control others are sick."
"People who use anything to control others are sick, but people who use sex in particular," Sam finished.
"And the popular image of bondage is that it's all about control. But we take the control aspect out of it most cases. Our restraints are only another type of sex toy. We use them for enjoyment and not abuse. That's what you don't see in mainstream media. Or in mainstream porn, or even from Men on Edge or Hegre. There isn't much drama for the unimaginative viewer in watching a guy bound and teased for hours. The guy will be feeling great, and the top will be building up a ton of sexual energy for later, but the viewer won't get much out of it. You have to play that scene rather than watch it. It's not for lazy people."
"Edging is a big part of the bondage experience, isn't it?" Taylor asked.
"A huge part," Sam said. "And that's also the main instance where we put a little bit of control back into it. When you're being edged, or if you're being overstimulated after you've cum-as you just felt, Taylor-the overwhelming pleasure may cause you to want to pull away. Or tell your edger to stop. In these cases, though, since the point is to learn to enjoy that much stimulation, we typically don't use a safeword. You have to trust your partner to already know your limits. And that's one of the most unrealistic things about Fifty Shades, that you would jump into a drastic bondage relationship with someone you just met. No. That's not how it works. These fantasy scenarios can be done-but only with someone you trust completely."
"What about those guys Josh was hanging out with this week? Are they trustworthy?"
"Scott and Michael? Oh, yeah," Sam chuckled. "They tormented me for twelve hours one day and made me cum so hard I blacked out. It was awesome. I felt like I was all cock."
"You're a hot slut," Taylor said, kissing him.
"So are you."
"You're right. Prior to coming to Miami-my whole life-I had sex with five people. In the last week I've had sex with six more. I have had more fun the past week than in pretty much all the eighteen-plus years I've been alive."
"Hashtag #slutpride!" Josh shouted. The others burst out laughing.
"All right, guys," Sam said, stretching, "I should be closing up here and getting home. But we're going to schedule another shoot soon. And hopefully a weekend fuck session."
"Sounds good to me," Taylor said, standing and looking around for their shorts. "I can't thank you enough for making my first photoshoot so intense. And for giving me a new kink to play with." He rubbed Sam's calf with a sockfoot.
"Why don't I make it last for you?" Sam responded. He pulled Taylor's socks off, then carefully tucked both of them over the swimmer's swollen cock and balls, double layering them. Taylor erected instantly, and the socks made his bulge obscenely huge, even when he put his shorts on over them.
"That is so twisted and so hard. I can't believe you did that."
"Your cock can. Just think of me when Josh makes you cum through your socks." Sam stepped into his shorts again and slid on a pair of teal low-cut Converse.
"One of Josh's friends wearing shoes? Wow!"
"Josh isn't a snob, whatever he may pretend," Sam said as he gathered up his camera and backpack. "He's blown a load in both these shoes before and he knows it."
"They're sex toys, not articles of clothing!" Josh protested. Taylor exploded with laughter. He loved his new friends. They were slutty beyond belief and weird and quirky and at the same time happy and wholesome and kind. They made him feel good.
The sunlight that enveloped him when they left the studio heightened his sense of being at peace with the world, filled with warmth and light. Arms extended, he spun around and around in the parking lot, high on sex and happiness. And about to be higher.
"Here, Josh, I brought something for you," Sam said, dropping his backpack in his sporty Mazda convertible and pulling a vape pen out of his pocket. "Carl was at a conference in Washington and brought a bunch of these back with him. Golden Pineapple. Try it."
Josh inhaled deeply. "That's incredible. Taylor?" The swimmer sucked at the pen, and tasted sunshine and fruit exploding in his mouth. He could taste and feel Florida, he thought. Rather than commenting, he took another hit, then shotgunned it into Sam's mouth with a deep tongue kiss. When he had finished, he did the same for Josh.
"Yeah, so you boys like it," Sam sighed. "Fuck, my nipples are hard now. Here, you can take this one. And I've got a couple more." He unscrewed the cartridge from the pen and handed it and the others to his friend. "Want to try to get together this weekend?"
"Sorry, but we've got plans," Josh said. "Soon, though."
"Have fun," Sam smirked. He pecked them both on the lips again and drove off.
"What plans do we have?" Taylor demanded of his roommate. "Am I going to get gang-banged tomorrow?"
"No, but you are going to improve your numbers," Josh replied, taking him by the hand and leading him back to the Jeep. "And you're going to have the sort of sexual experience that most people fantasize about but few ever have the courage to perform."
"It's going to be even better than today?"
"Most likely. How's that plug in your ass feeling?"
"So good. Makes me want to cuddle the fuck out of you until I cum."
"Sounds good to me," Josh said, kissing him.