Tony had opened the table, on which twelve places were set. Not all chairs matched, as Rex had brought six up from their house. Valerie ushered us to our seats, stating that no couples were to sit together.
Tony sat at the top of the table, and then to his left was Bailey, Rex, Ethan, Myself, and Ryker. Carson, Valerie, Owen, Sally and Sacha were to his right, with Aaron sitting at the bottom of the table.
But as we all went to sit, Ryker swapped places with Aaron, placing him next to Sacha. Valerie watched them switch but did not complain about them disregarding her instructions.
I realised that Valerie had put a bit of thought into everyone's placement. Rex was right at the other end of the table from Sacha. Valerie had the boys from the yacht on each side of her, and I smiled to myself with the knowledge that Owen did not have a clue as to what she had in store for him later. And she had Sally almost opposite Ethan, who was looking across at Sally with undisguised lust on his face, no doubt imagining her tied to this same table.
Dinner was superb; the food had been exceptional all weekend; how they were not all as fat as pigs was a puzzle. We started with my little Paua fritters that were gone in seconds and then came the Lobster Thermidor that Ryker had prepared. All the newcomers, especially Sacha, were impressed that he had cooked this.
The main was delicious and garnered a lot of comments about the snapper, especially about it having been caught so soon after such a big storm. Fishing, they all said, was usually terrible for a few days after a storm. Ryker responded, "You needed to work out where the fish all went in a storm."
Ethan sat on the right of me but was only interested in talking with Sally opposite him. However, when I got the chance, I asked him what his wife did, really just sounding him out, to see how he talked about her and find out a little about where he was at.
He told me she was a Chemical Engineer, and as there was nothing like that on the island, she was acting as a Teacher's Aid at the local school. Then he added that she was doing online contract work for her old company. I must have looked surprised, as Ethan said, "I know, she doesn't look like a Chemical Engineer, but she's got two degrees."
There was wine served with the meal, and I watched with interest as Ethan knocked back two glasses before he finished his main and looked around for a refill. I had seen Ethan have a second Champagne cocktail earlier and wondered if he would last the night.
Sacha took a glass but sipped at it like a sparrow. I didn't touch a drop. I could feel the effects of that one Champagne cocktail and knew that Sacha would be feeling much the same as I did.
Listening to Ethan talk and his answers to my questions gave me the impression that their marriage was not going well. Backed up by the fact that since they had walked through the door, I had not seen either of them paying the other any attention.
After dinner, everyone tried to help clear up, but Valerie took our plates and hustled us to sit back in the lounge. However, when Owen insisted he help, I noted that she didn't resist too much with him, and they moved to the kitchen to stack the dishwasher together.
Everyone paired off as I expected. Aaron sat in an armchair, and I sat on the arm. Sacha sat on one of the couches, and Ryker joined her. Ethan and Sally picked one of the other two armchairs. At the same time, Bailey and Carson sat in the semi-circular Window seat, with a big window and a view of the bay behind them.
While Valerie and Owen cleaned up in the kitchen, Tony and Rex were making cocktails at the credenza that divided the lounge from the kitchen. I watched Rex fill the glasses with grapefruit, cranberry, and a squeeze of lemon, then add a slice of orange and a cherry on a toothpick. Then he handed them to Tony, who added a shot of the Peach liquor, then two shots of vodka. The moment I saw this, I got up and took two of the glasses Tony hadn't touched yet, then instructed him to add just a tiny dash of the vodka into the one I was going to have and one shot in Aaron's glass, as I didn't want him getting drunk, I might have plans for him later on.
Rex tried to have me take another shot, but I gave him a look, "Rex, I know my limits; you don't drink, so don't try and force me." So he backed off, took some of the finished cocktails to the window seat, and sat beside Bailey.
I asked Tony what the cocktails were called, "Sex on the beach," he answered and gave me a dirty grin. His grin had me wondering if Ryker had bragged to Tony about our antics on the beach at Peachgrove Bay. Then I thought, No, Ryker is not a blab-and-tell guy. I trust him.
When Rex returned for more drinks, I touched his shoulder, "I see you are interested in Bailey. Just take it real slow. If you spout your usual rubbish and refer to sex all the time as you did with me, she will run a mile. She's nineteen and probably already thinks you are a dirty old man."
His hackles went up, and he snapped back, "I'm only twenty-six, hardly an old man, and what would you know anyway?"
"I'm just trying to help you; calm down! We all want to have a good night, ease off, and take things slow, and you may get lucky. But if you carry on around her as you did earlier with me, she'll back off, and if her brothers see that, you'll probably have them facing up to you."
Rex made to argue with me, but Tony interjected, "Rex, you cause any trouble, and Ryker, Aaron or I will toss you out; now get the rest of the cocktails out there and let's all enjoy ourselves."
Valerie and Owen came back into the lounge and got our attention.
"We have raided the theatre company's wardrobe and will all dress up. So boys follow Tony downstairs to the apartment. Girls follow me." And she beckoned us to follow her to their bedroom.
She asked me to get the same outfit on as this morning and that she would work on something for Sacha, and then she would do my makeup and ears. Sally pulled out some clothes and told Bailey to get undressed, she looked very uncertain, but when she saw me stripping off, she followed suit.
Sacha was a more difficult proposition. Even with her three drinks, she was emphatic that she couldn't undress in front of us. But Valerie was not taking no for an answer, so Sacha downed the final half of her cocktail in one gulp and asked for another.
I pulled my robe on and offered to make it. I wandered into the lounge, apprehensive about my being nude under a short, thin robe, but no one was there. Instead, I could hear the guys all laughing and hooting downstairs.
I mixed up what I had seen Tony doing earlier, but just a tiny shot of the peach liquor and vodka, then topped it up with a good splash of grapefruit and cranberry juice. The last thing I wanted to do for Ryker was to have her drunk and sick.
Back in the bedroom, I found that Valerie had managed to get Sacha to strip to her bra and panties and noted that they were very plain.
Sacha almost grabbed the cocktail from me and downed half in one gulp. Then let Valerie slip a very filmy multilayered long blue skirt over her head. She explained that they had done Aladdin a couple of years back, and this was the Arabian princess's outfit. Valerie then got Sacha to face the wall and take off her bra. She gulped at her cocktail again, then did as Valerie had told her. Finally, Valerie pulled on the long-sleeved baggy top that matched the skirt over her head.
It was 'V' necked, showing her ample cleavage, and had an elastic band that pulled it in about four inches above her tummy button.
She turned around, and we all commented on how beautiful she looked. And it was true, the filmy material was not at all close-fitting, but as she turned, it moulded itself to her stunning figure. I noticed that Valerie kept her away from the mirror, as you could see the faint outline of her areolae through the top, and they were standing out hard.
Sally was encouraging Bailey to wear an almost identical white lingerie set as the blue set I had worn this morning. And as I pulled on the blue ones I had worn earlier, I watched Sally direct Bailey to don a burgundy tiered skirt that came well above her knees at the front but was much longer at the back. Then, when I saw a pirate hat, plastic cutlass, and a skull buckled belt on the bed, I realised she was doing her up as a pirate.
Now Bailey was not in the same league as Sacha or Valerie with her looks. But she was not at all plain either and had a stunning figure. So as Sally helped her into the white lace-trimmed bodice, pulled the detachable sleeves onto her arms and fastened a burgundy lace choker around her neck, she became one very sexy pirate lass. To finish it off, Sally had Bailey sit on the edge of the bed and pull on some black fishnet hold-up stockings, and then she helped her pull on a pair of knee-high black pirate boots.
Bailey looked over to me for support. "My brother will kill me if he finds out what I'm wearing under this."

She lifted the front of the skirt, looked down and gasped when she saw her very pronounced camel toe parting the lacy white crotchless panties. I told her to relax and that we would look after her.
Valerie piped up, "Don't worry about Owen; I'll sort him and keep him away from you."
"I hope you are going to keep Rex away from me?" Sacha said, looking at Valerie, and then as the implications of returning to the lounge struck her, "Oh! I can't go out there dressed like this. I need another drink."

She downed the rest of her glass and thrust it over to me. "A strong one, please."
Again I headed out into the lounge. Still, no guys, thank goodness. And while I listened to the indecent, raunchy banter, rolling up the stairs, I poured her another 'Sex on the Beach' cocktail. Only this time, I put half the Peach liquor and the tiniest dash of vodka in it.
When I entered the bedroom, Bailey was doing Sacha's makeup. Valerie and Sally were both in the nude, sorting out underwear whilst directing Bailey on what colours and makeup to use.
Sacha reached out and took her cocktail and again took a large slug of it. "That's better; the last was a bit weak!" She stated, turning her head to me, obviously avoiding looking at Sally and Valerie in the nude.
This time Sally pulled on a much more modest outfit than she had worn at lunchtime. It was a black and white Maids outfit. But under it, she had on the flimsiest lingerie set I'd ever seen. The lingerie was nothing more than some white transparent lace, and she may as well have had none on at all, as neither the bra nor briefs hid a thing. Even though her outfit was more modest, it still left her looking more than available.
Valerie had picked out a Wonder-woman outfit, but it was brief and sexy, and she had on very sheer briefs and no bra. Hers and Sally's outfits did not look to be from the theatre. It would have been a raunchy production if their costumes had ever been worn on stage.
I asked her about the costumes. "Most are from shows, but we get donated a lot of stuff, some of it like these." And she waved her hand over her dress, "These we're from a raunchy fancy dress party a year back. But they all get stored in our costume room at the hall."
Valerie did my hair and again glued my elven ears on, and I blushed at the comments all the girls gave me. Sacha was particularly complimentary and was starting to lighten up and enjoy herself.
Then they made up Sally and finally Bailey. The transformation of Bailey was incredible. What a job Sally did. Bailey had looked attractive before she stepped into the bedroom. But after Sally's effort, she was stunning.
We could hear the guys laughing in the lounge, and as we moved towards the door, Valerie turned to Sacha, saying, "Arabian princesses don't wear these," and whipping Sacha's flimsy skirt up, she reached under and pulled Sach's cotton panties below her knees.
Sacha struggled to hold her legs tightly closed to stop their removal. But Sally moved in behind her, held her from bending over, and attempted to calm her down.
"I can't go out there!" Sacha cried, "I'll die of shame."
"We are all dressed the same, and the boys all have no boxers. That was the message I gave Tony. So you can't be the only one that pikes out."
Sacha reached out to me and clenched my hand, panic showing in her eyes. "I can't do this."
"Of course, you can just follow me," I half dragged her out into the lounge behind the others.
Being the last to enter the; lounge, I held back, observing and taking in all the interactions. Sacha dropped my hand the second we were through the door and rushed, in panic, straight across to Ryker. He put his arm around her and protectively pulled her tightly against him.
They looked stunning together, her startling beauty, his six foot three swarthy frame towering over her. Ryker wore a white baggy shirt, purple waistcoat, and white baggy turquoise trousers. The Turquoise Fez perched on his head told me he was meant to be Aladdin. The Fez, waistcoat, and trousers had gold thread and beads around the edges.
I was startled to see the look on Ryker's face; he looked smitten, and she was gazing up into his eyes, her panicked look slowly changing to acceptance of her predicament.
As I crossed to stand with Aaron at the credenza, I searched out Ethan, wondering how he was taking this. And when I found him, I saw he was dressed as a Pirate, and there was a jealous, hurt expression on his face. But only for a moment. Sally moved against him, threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him. How shallow, I thought; he's all right when someone is giving him attention but not happy when Sacha looks at someone else.
I then looked for Rex and saw him standing with his shoulders slumped and his usual brash, beguiling confidence gone. He was also disappointed that his wife had not rushed over to him. His costume was that of a Vampire, which, I thought, was very appropriate. His satin shorts were wine-coloured and matched the lining of the black satin cape. He had popped some fang teeth in his mouth and gave us all a menacing grin as we entered the lounge. But now, shoulders slumped, he pulled them out and looked around for someone to talk to.
He saw Tony had moved in on Bailey and walked dejectedly over to join them. Tony had a devil's costume, in red and black. Bailey turned and welcomed Rex, and then I watched her soothe him as she turned her head slightly to take in Sally hugging Ethan. A look of compassion slipped over her face, and she returned her attention to Rex and hugged him.
Tony, suddenly the one feeling left out, moved away to search for Valerie. She had captured the two brothers, Owen and Carson. Dressed as Satyrs, their sheepskin jodhpurs were padded, especially at the back, and black tails arced away from those padded butts. They wore no shirts, just black waistcoats and small goat horns on their heads.
They looked like a wicked pair ready to cause mischief. Especially the younger brother, Carson, who was eyeing up every woman in the room, and I felt a thrill of anticipation and dread when his greedy, lustful gaze took in my body from head to toe.
Valerie had Owen and Carson lift the table into the lounge. Tony joined them, and I also pushed Aaron to go and help. Then she got the boys to set paper cups and bottles of chilled beer on the table.

I noted some of the girls checking out the guy's shorts. I'm sure that the laughter and ribald comments I had heard when they were changing downstairs were because the shorts were tight and showing off their wares. Aaron, in particular, was showing off an impressive bulge. And I saw with some alarm that Bailey was having a good gawk at it, which gave me a familiar pang of jealousy in my stomach. Ryker's baggy Aladdin trousers were no better; with no underpants, his bulge was just as indecent.
As Aaron returned to sit with me, I took in his Elf King costume, and the long blond wig held in place by a sliver crown of twisted branches, I guessed the Crown was plastic, but it looked real. Like all the others, he had tight shorts under the long flowing coat, which was left open, displaying most of his chest.
Aaron looked delicious. I hoped we looked as good together as Ryker and Sacha. And with that thought in mind, I leaned back and picked up Ryker's camera. He had left it on the credenza for me, sitting under the wall phone. I snapped some photos of everyone but mainly concentrated on shots of Ryker and Sacha.
Once the table was set, Valerie called us all to attention and explained that we had some games to play. She wanted us to split into two teams, basically how we had sat on each side of the table at dinner.
So Tony got Aaron, Ethan, Rex and Bailey, and myself, into a line, while Valerie got Owen, Sally, Carson, Sacha and Ryker lined up in her team. It was 'Beer Pong' I'd not played it before, but it seemed most of the others were aware of the rules. The cup was half filled with beer, and you had to bounce a ping pong ball into the cup. If your opponent got his ball in your cup, you had to drink the beer, give them your cup, and you were out.
Valerie called out to Tony that we needed a prize. He said he had just the thing and disappeared downstairs. He returned with a gold sash that had a big 'First in Show' screen printed on it.
There was a lot of banter about who would beat who, and while we were all talking, Carson threw the first ball straight into my cup.
The bastard, no one had even said go. But everyone protested, and Rex yelled, "It has to be bounced in; Nique gets two free go's."
I had my two free throws but didn't get within cooee of his cup. So everyone now started throwing ping pong balls. It was chaotic, but the little bastard opposite me had only one miss, then bounced his ball in. I emptied my cup and tossed it over to him. I'm pretty competitive, so I was not feeling all that pleased.
I walked over and picked up the camera, calming down and realising It was for the best, as I could stand aside and watch and snap away. Just then, Bailey's ball went bouncing across the room. She raced to get it and bent over to pick it up. Most had turned to watch and got their photo taken by her pouting pink rose poking through the cords of her crotchless panties.
I snapped my head away from her almost bare bum to watch Owen's reaction and was not surprised to see a look of angry embarrassment cross his face. He made to move around the table to intercept Bailey.
Valerie grabbed him, turned his head to her, and kissed him, "Leave her alone. We're all wearing the same lingerie," she admonished him.
His shoulders slumped a fraction, but he stayed put and continued the game. Carson cleaned up everyone he came up against. Sacha had some lucky shots, one that hit the rim twice before dropping into the beer. It came down to her and Carson in the final. Our team sang her praises and urged her to beat him, even though she was on the other team. But on his second shot, he bounced the ball into her cup.
They hung the gold sash around Carson's neck. My eyes were on Sacha. She was so proud of herself. Everyone rooting for her to beat Carson had her looking elated and happy.
Valerie had the guys move the table back into the dining room and got us back into our teams for the next game. She pulled out an apple and said we would play 'pass the apple' next. She got Owen to come forward so she could demonstrate, and tucking it under her chin she got him to take it from her using no hands. I'm sure everyone had played this before as kids. But she held her hand up as someone muttered,' Boring'.

She reacted, "Oh, boring you think, well we are not using apples; we are using these." And she held up two spongy tubes of rubber. They were about the same diameter as the apple but about 6 inches long. She tucked it under her chin and got Owen to try and get it off her. The first hint I had that all was not right was when Owen went crimson red and tried to shy away.
"You're not a pansy, are you? You do like Fanny?" she asked him as she grabbed his arm and pulled him back to try again.
I asked Aaron, "What is it?"
He laughed and replied, "A rubber fanny. You can see the shape of one on end. Some guys use them to masturbate with."
I looked, and sure enough, there was a perfect caste of a women's private parts, moulded in one end. Poor Owen could not get it under his chin, he tried to use his hands, but Valerie held them, "No hands allowed. I'll get something that will make it easier."
She stepped back to the credenza and pulled out two six-inch rubber cocks. They looked just like real penises. They had veins running down the sides, and a big ball bag, with a rubber suction cap under it. One was black, the other pinky flesh-coloured. These naturally got some very ribald comments.
Looking around the group, I saw that Owen was not the only one looking embarrassed. Ethan, Sacha, and Bailey were also looking awkward, Bailey, primarily because of her brothers being there.
Then Valerie upped the ante and showed off her acting skills. She dramatically pulled out a bottle of lube, smeared it over the rubber cock, and made a great show of sliding it in and out of the rubber fanny. Then ramming it home, she got Owen to try again.
Now it became even funnier; he got his chin tucked under hers, squeezed tight to get a hold of it, and the penis popped out and hit the floor. I took note of the fact that when it came to my turn, I needed to make sure to tilt my head so the thick, balls end of the cock was facing upwards.
Tears ran down my cheeks; it was so funny, and I wasn't the only one. Owen now saw the funny side of it. He bent to pick the cock up and try again but was laughing so hard he had to stand back up and calm himself down.
When he finally got down and picked it up again, Valerie took it from him, "We're not allowed any more practice. It wouldn't be fair. Line up, everyone. Remember, if the cock pops out, insert it and try again. Both items have to be passed chin to chin."
It was the funniest thing I've ever seen, the cocks were flying everywhere at first, and the funny dirty comments had me laughing until my tummy hurt. I tucked as many of their remarks aside in the back of my mind, so I could run them past my girlfriends when I recounted this scene to them.
When Sacha tried to pass the rubber mass onto Carson, he tucked his chin under hers and then fondled her breasts. She squealed in what sounded more like delight than annoyance, and the rubber vagina and cock hit the floor. On their next try, he grabbed her arse with both hands. She tried to ignore him but lost it again when he pulled her skirt up, exposing her bare arse, and grabbed a handful of both bare cheeks. By this time, our team was well in the lead.
Slowly everyone got the hang of it, and we won our first game, only by the narrowest of margins in the end, but we won. The winner's sash was handed over, and we hung it around Bailey's neck as we judged she had been the most proficient in our team.
Valerie said we would have a fifteen-minute break before the next game.
"Go do toilets and refresh your drinks," she called as she headed for their bathroom and yelled back for the guys to go outside.
I was right by their bedroom, so I stood at the door, waiting for Valerie to come out. Sacha joined me, then Bailey came over and asked me if there was another toilet as she was busting, "I think there is one downstairs."

She turned and hurriedly walked across the lounge. Sally was in the kitchen speaking with Ethan, and seeing Sacha and me waiting, she turned and followed Bailey down the stairs.
When I exited the bedroom, a worried-looking Bailey rushed over to me, "I've just come out of the toilet downstairs and seen Sally and Ethan doing it on the bed downstairs. Should I go and tell Rex?"
"No, come show me!" I picked the camera up and let her lead the way downstairs. Halfway down, the sound of Sally in full voice hit us. Just like at lunchtime, she was voicing her encouragement rather loudly. They hadn't even bothered to close the bedroom door. With Bailey giggling nervously beside me, I snapped photos of them going at it like rabbits.
Sally looked over and saw us but didn't bat an eyelid. She just gave us the thumbs up and carried on. Bailey took off upstairs, embarrassed, I guess, at getting caught watching. I thought, 'What the hell' and moved into the room, snapping shots when I saw a good angle.
As I backed out of the room, Ethan must have sensed my presence as he spun around. I snapped a shot of his startled expression. He tried to get off Sally, but she held him tight, so I escaped out the door and went upstairs.
Valerie was at the top of the stairs, "I was just coming down to get you; where is Sally?"
I winked at her and said she was on the bed with Ethan. Valerie raised her eyebrows, giving me the 'she's a bloody worry' look. She then shouted down the stairs for Sally to hurry up as we were ready to start the next game.
I moved over to stand by Aaron and explained what Bailey and I had just witnessed. Then, I looked around for Bailey and saw she was talking with Rex. I hoped she hadn't said anything to him, but from what Aaron had told me, I knew that Rex had done the same thing to Sally at previous parties.
Aaron nudged me to look over at Carson. As I turned my head, Carson looked away.
"He's got the hots for you," said Aaron, "his eyes are following you all the time."
"He's got the hots for every woman here, but he is funny," I replied.
"Do you fancy him?" Aaron asked.
I looked at Aaron, concerned, "No, don't ask me to go with him."
"I don't want you to sleep with anyone else, but I don't own you, so it is up to you, always."
"No! This morning was a one-off. I'm embarrassed I did that with Rex. I don't want to do that again," I said, "anyway, Carson is too obvious. His lascivious looks would turn any woman off."
Sally appeared at the top of the stairs, looking pretty hot and bothered, but after the game of pass the fanny, so were plenty of others. Ethan came in through the ranch slider, and I realised he had left by the apartment door and walked up the side of the house. No one seemed to notice, and he moved to stand by Sacha. She just gave him a look of disdain. He took the hint and moved to stand by Rex.
But Sacha came over to stand beside me and asked, "Has Ethan been downstairs with Sally?"
I just nodded at her. What could I say? It was way too obvious, and I wouldn't lie to her. To divert her from what I thought may turn into her accosting him, I asked, "What do you do, work-wise?"
She turned to me, not concentrating, "I'm a chemical engineer and still do twenty hours a week for my old company online, but over here, I help out as a Teacher's Aid a few hours a week."
Then she stunned me with, "I'm happy he has found Sally. I've been treating him quite badly the last few months." And she wandered off, back to stand by Ryker.
Valerie called us all into our lines to explain the next game. Tony had laid out two half-inch thick ropes across the lounge. I saw that they were old halyard cords rescued from a yacht. She explained that these were to be threaded through the legs of the boy's shorts or pants, then up and out at the waist. Then for the women, it would be passed in at the waistband or top, down and out under the hem.
I had seen this game played at a tennis club function only a few months before, so I knew what it was all about. In haste to get the rope through, it got pulled tight and lifted the girl's skirt and the drew guy's shorts down. The difference tonight was that a Barbie Doll was attached to the start of the ropes, and a Ken Doll was attached to the ends.
I knew this would be funny, so I pushed Aaron ahead of me, so I could start first, get finished and get the camera clicking.
Valerie shouted, 'Go', and I dropped Barbie down my cleavage, making sure I missed the little bra, sucked in to get it past the belt around my waist, and started pulling the rope down to the floor as fast as possible. I did not hand Barbie to Aaron until well over half the cord was pulled through. Aaron fed it up the leg of his shorts, and everyone started hooting and whistling about where he was putting Barbie. The funniest comments were from Carson. He seemed to have a funny ribald comment for every situation.
In my haste, the muslin wrap-around dress had opened wide at the top, exposing the scant bra struggling to contain my boobs. I didn't care. I was much more worried about everyone seeing my proud mound, sitting bare and exposed between the cords of my crotchless knickers. I held the two flaps of the hem tightly and hastily pulled the remaining rope through.
I looked over to see how Ryker was going and was pleased to see I had beaten him by a mile. He had only gotten a small amount of rope through his baggy pants and was trying to help Sacha. They were quickly in trouble, as once Sacha got the cord in the top of her long skirt and dropped it to the floor, Carson grabbed it and started feeding the rope up his woollen Satyr pants. Sacha's skirt pulled down over her hips. She squealed, caught the waistband then rushed to pull the cord through.
Ryker was so intent on helping her that the rope tightened, and down came his baggy pants. The noise and jeers from those not actively involved yet were deafening. But the best was yet to come.
Carson was having trouble feeding Barbie up his Satyr Jodhpurs, they were too tight, and he put on a great show of oooh's and aaah's as if Barbie was giving him a blow job.
Then the mischievous little bugger saw what had happened to Ryker, put his foot on the rope and jerked it to the floor. Sacha's skirt followed. She was naked from the waist down. I took photos of her, then zoomed in and got some good shots of her startled face. It showed shock, panic, and other emotions I could not define. As soon as her skirt hit the floor, Carson reached over and pulled the waistband of her top up under her chin.
There was silence, partly I guessed, as the guys took in her perfect hourglass body and that she had no panties on. I'm also sure they were impressed by her near-perfect set of tits. The girls were silent as well, shocked and waiting to see what she did. I'm sure most of them would have slapped his face.
But Sacha made no such move. Instead, she turned away from everyone and bent to pull the skirt up, which exposed even more of her to us all. And Ryker, having just retrieved his pants, turned to help her, and his pants hit the floor again.
They finally got themselves sorted. Not an easy feat, as Carson was still intent on pulling the rope down. But finally, the team got through to Carson that he needed to get the rope moving, as our team were now at least two people in front.
I saw that Ethan, who was on our team, had fallen over. He was lying on the floor clutching his pirate pants tight as Rex flicked the rope, trying to whip them down. Ethan had to be getting quite drunk, as he had been knocking back the drinks, and Tony had a habit of making them quite strong.
I looked back to Carson. He had finally had to unzip the woollen Satyr shorts, to get Barbie through and was now in a similar plight to Ethan, trying to hold his shorts closed and not expose himself. Valerie was copying Rex and flicking the cord. And when she succeeded, and Carson's shorts dropped to his knees, he pranced around, waggling his impressive cock at Valerie. What a sight; he looked just like a real mischievous little Satyr ready to stir up trouble.
Ryker came over, took the camera from me, and whispered, "Sacha's period has started. Have you got some pads or Tampons? Can you take her to the bathroom and sort her out?"
Sacha was hiding behind him. I didn't want to miss anything, but Ryker indicated he would take photos and guided Sacha to my side. I grabbed her hand and led her into our bedroom. I pulled a pad from my bag and led her into the bathroom. I wet a flannel, then went to lift her dress, but she fought me, embarrassment and shame written across her face.

"Don't be silly. I'm not bothered by a little blood. I might be training as a doctor soon."
Sacha relaxed slightly and let me lift her dress. There was no blood, just a clear fluid oozing from her fanny. When I saw the milky white streaks, I immediately knew she had become aroused at being exposed.
"How did you feel when this happened?"
"All tingly and weird. I thought I was going to faint."
"Have you ever felt like this before?" I asked.
"Not really, no!"
"You have had a tiny orgasm and gotten wet, maybe even squirted?"
I was astounded. Sacha had climaxed and squirted from just being exposed. How remarkable.
At that moment, Ryker called from our bedroom, "Can I come in, Nique? Is Sacha all right?"
Yes, I called out, as Sacha yelled at the same time, No!
But I overrode her and called him to join us again, telling him all was okay. I winked at Ryker as he entered and told him what had happened. He wrapped his arms around her and told her how wonderful she was and how happy he was for her. So I went into Valerie's room, picked out a pair of her panties, put a pad in them, and took them back to Sacha. I would have used my panties, but I doubted mine would fit her.
When we returned to the lounge, It was noticeable how many of the gang looked worse for wear. And yet there were three or four at the credenza, waiting for Rex and Tony to make them drinks.
I went over to Aaron and asked who won, "We did by a mile." he replied, "I saw Ryker taking photos, so you can look at those later and see what happened. It was as funny as a fart; it went to pieces after you left. By the way, what was wrong with Sacha? Ryker was looking quite worried?"
I started to tell him what Sacha had just experienced when Valerie called us all together for one last game. Everyone eagerly formed back into two lines. All semblance of hesitation or awkwardness was long gone. I'd never been in a situation like this. The air felt charged with electricity, anticipation and stupid happy grins on everyone's faces as they awaited what was to be the next event.
Valerie brought two empty Kellogg's serial boxes out, laid them between us and explained, "You have to bend down and pick these up with your teeth, then stand up straight and then down again to place the box back on the floor, the box has to be left standing up, and I'm putting these in to make it more interesting."

She held up the rubber cocks, then stood them upright on the cartons, "The last one left will be the winner, and this is for double points." She looked over to her team and told them they could still win, even though they were two games to one down.
Carson moved opposite me; It didn't need a brain surgeon to work out that he was positioning himself to look up my dress. So when Valerie yelled 'Go,' I turned away at forty-five degrees to deny him, sat down on my heels with knees wide apart, and dipped my head to grab the carton.
I didn't give a dam what the others may see. It seemed to me everyone had seen everything of everyone anyway. But as I stood up, I caught Owen staring between my legs, looking decidedly uncomfortable and embarrassed. The difference between the two brothers struck me. They were like chalk and cheese. Owen was about five-ten, strikingly handsome but very self-conscious and serious. Whereas Carson was about five-eight, the 'shortest man in the room' but outgoing and ideally suited to the mischievous, cheeky Satyr he was dressed up as.
I had beaten Carson easily. My ballet training and the sports I had played made me more supple and well-balanced. So he and Sally were out first round, which was no surprise, as she had knocked back a lot of wine.
Valerie then pulled out some scissors and cut the cartons down by two inches. Suddenly the game made sense, and this was going to get challenging. We all bent and attempted to pick the cereal cartons up again. This time our team lost. Aaron was pitched against Ethan, and although Ethan was getting drunk, Aaron was too big to reach the floor.

Owen fell also. I wondered if he had done it on purpose as he sat up, supposedly innocently, in front of me. But I wouldn't let him put me off. Let him look. I knew I could win this, my competitive streak overriding any modesty I may have had remaining. But it got more challenging. Valerie cut only an inch from the boxes this time, which exposed the rubber dildos, I got my carton up and then back to the floor, but Rex, Sacha, and Ryker were out. Carson, the little bugger, had squatted down by his brother and gave me a wink and a cheeky grin.
I wouldn't let him put me off, though. When another inch was cut from the cartons, we lost Tony, which left just three girls, Valerie, Bailey and myself. Another inch cut away had the dildos unstable and threatening to fall out. Sure enough, Bailey lost hers, and Carson yelled out, "Bailey's lost the cock from her box," bringing guffaws of laughter from everyone.
Just Valerie and I, another inch cutaway, more guys squatting opposite to watch our legs part; even Aaron had joined them the bastard.
But I wasn't going to be denied. I'd noticed that the cocks had a vacuum cup on the bottom, so when everyone was laughing at Bailey for losing hers, I licked the underside and stuck it to the base of the box. I hoped it would hold, and it seemed to have stuck tight as the cardboard was waxed.
"Go!" Tony yelled out. Down I went onto my haunches, face only six inches from the floor. I slipped my mouth over the head of the rubber cock, bit hard, and lifted. It held, and I stood up straight, then dropped to my haunches again to place the carton back on the floor.
The howls of protest were drowned out by encouraging comments from my team and, I think, most of the guys on the other team. So I showed off for them, making moaning and sucking noises. I worked my lips up and down the rubber shaft a few times. This final action quelled all protests, and they declared me the winner. So, with much pomp and drunken ceremony, I was awarded the Gold Sash.

Aaron was so happy; he lifted me off the floor and banged my head on the ceiling. And then, rubbing my head, he carried me over to the couch and collapsed onto it. We laughed and held each other tight, happy with our team's win.
"That was quite a practised stroke you were performing on the dildo. Looked like you have done it many times before?"

"Oh, dozens of guys. At my bible group at every Saturday night's dance, they'd line up waiting their turn," I replied, noting that he had a sneaky sideways look at me to make sure I was joking.
Tony put some music on; he had mixed some of his favourite songs on a few CDs. Rex and Bailey were the first on the floor, followed by Sally and Ethan. Aaron pulled me to my feet and danced me over by the others. Ryker followed with Sacha, and last up were Valerie and Owen. Carson looked slightly dejected and went over to sit in the window seat while Tony was walking around tidying up.
After two songs, Carson came over and tried to butt in on Aaron and me. I saw that Aaron was about to tell him to bugger off, So I got in first, "Carson, you're a lot of fun, but go ask Sally or Bailey. I'm not interested and don't want you lifting the back of my skirt, thanks."
He turned away and went over and asked Valerie. It looked like she was also about to turn him down, but Owen let go of her and moved away before Valerie could decline or accept. As soon as the song stopped, she thanked Carson and returned to Owen. Poor Carson; he had to be feeling like the odd one out.
To be continued...