Author's note: Being an echocardiogram tech is a bit like playing slots in Vegas. Days go by when you grind it out, going through the motions and nothing happens out of the ordinary. Then you hit an unexpected jackpot. This is a lengthy and gentle story, in the NC/R category but with more reluctance than non-consent.
This was the first erotic story I started, a year and a half ago, based on personal experience. Somehow it remained on the backburner as I found it easier to finish other, shorter fantasies, but lately I found the motivation to put the wraps on this one and I'm excited to share it with you now. This and Lemon Combo Point are clear favorites of my first dozen works. I hope you enjoy meeting these characters!
*****
Ava
A pretty young woman sat at the dining room table, one arm wrapped around the shoulders of an elderly woman who shared her Persian skin and features. Luxurious black locks spilled down her back and mixed with the graying hair of the precious woman she had called Maamaan since before she could remember. Tears threatened to run from her moist eyes as she replayed imagined scenarios where they'd lost her grandmother forever.
Why this accident had struck her so hard she didn't know; her feelings had always run deep. A hand went over her own breast as she gazed at the old woman's face, taking in every detail. Maybe it was the accumulated loneliness of a tough semester at college and then the unexpected reunification with family that left her emotions so raw.
Her mother looked up from the stove at her eldest daughter, lovingly, and smiled. "Ava, I'm glad you are here."
Her younger sister Adriana sat across the circular table, casually, knees bent up to her chin, focused as usual on the small, bright screen of the phone that never left her hands these days. Occasionally there would be a small bleep when one of the frequent notifications was deftly swiped to the left or right after it popped up. Adriana took things more lightly than did her older sister, as was clear from their body language in this situation, but also in their general life.
It was quiet in the house; aside from the phone's blurbles the only sounds were the gentle plastic-on-metal of their mother stirring the pan in the kitchen and the soft rasp of the grandmother's breathing while she spooned from the bowl of hot soup. Maamaan's movements were slow and deliberate. It was a calm family scene now, but the past 24 hours had been eventful for the eighty-two year old.
Ava was a sophomore at Cornell and had received the text about her grandmother while in class just the previous morning, Wednesday. She lost no time arranging with the professors to skip lectures the rest of the week and all of the next, in effect making her spring break two and a half weeks; an unusual and generous situation she would have enjoyed under different circumstances. There would be hell to pay with her schoolwork when she got back, she knew, but that didn't matter at the moment. Her only thought was that she must see her dear Maamaan and be there for her recovery.
A hurried scrutiny of bus and train schedules followed, which resulted in the fresh-faced college student buzzing down the coast. Hours were spent staring out the window at cloudy skies in contemplation, then here she was on Thursday night in Baltimore having dinner with her family as if she'd never left for college at all.
Ava released her hold on the grandma and looked over to her mother. It hadn't yet been made clear to her well enough, the recent sequence of events. Her orderly mind was in the habit of searching and re-searching for any overlooked danger.
"Tell me again how it went. After the fall yesterday, you went to the ER, then straight into the hospital for the night, and Maamaan came home this morning? Are you done with the hospital now? Is there a follow up?"
"Ava," her sister interrupted. The white stalk of a lollipop dangled from her mouth; her tongue flicking it back and forth. "She's fine. She slipped, we took her in, the docs checked her out, she's fine. She's a tough old Iranian, right Mom?"
"Yes, you two. Adriana is right, it was a minor accident and things are fine now." She reached for a jar in the cabinet, and in response to the smug look the younger sister shot at the older, added, "Ava is also right to be concerned. To answer your question, Ava, we got her home a little after noon today. They want us to see the cardiologist tomorrow—but we don't have to go to the hospital. The appointment is in the morning, at an office west of town."
The mother motioned behind her. "The paperwork is on the counter, in that stack. There's a card with the appointment details in there somewhere. Ava . . . it would be better if I get back to work after missing two days, and Adriana has school as you know, so I was hoping that you could take her by yourself?" Ava's mother raised her eyebrows in a plea.
"Of course, Mom. That's why I came down. But does she have enough energy to get there and back? She really looks wiped out." Ava slid her arm back over the shoulders of the old woman, who looked back quietly above her soup. "Do we need to call an ambulance for transport? Don't people sometimes do that?"
"I don't know. I don't think we need it. I'd rather not have the hassle, or the bill. I'm already afraid of what yesterday's going to cost. She should be fine with dinner and a good night's sleep. In the morning, if you think she's not up to it, you can move the appointment to next week. Just give them a call. They said it wasn't urgent."
Ava thought about what her mother had said. Adriana was still busy with her phone, and Maamaan was spooning up her soup, not following to the conversation. "Wait, did she fall because a heart attack? Is that why the cardiologist?"
"No, the best we can tell is that she just slipped on the back patio step. We're lucky she didn't break a hip. Older bones break so easily, you know." The mother bent down to the kitchen counter and cradled her chin and cheek in one hand, and sighed. Ava thought her mother still looked very pretty, and watched her. "The thing with the cardiologist doesn't seem to be related. When they watched her overnight one of the nurses noticed that she went in and out of A-fib. Atrial fibrillation. A part of her heart isn't beating right."
Ava grew alarmed at this new information. "Do they need to do something? To fix it? Or does she just live with it?" Her mother shrugged and Ava knew she'd have to wait until the morning's appointment to satisfy her anxiety. She was doubly glad she had made the hurried trip down the coast. She caressed her grandmother's cheek, running her palm down to the bony collarbone and chest, wondering if she could feel a beat. She couldn't, but even her anxious brain knew that wasn't cause for alarm. "This heart has beat a lot in its lifetime," she added.
"Yes, your grandmother has had quite a life, if I'm to believe half the stories I've heard." The mother smiled at both her daughters. "You've got her looks, Ava, but I think Adriana got her personality. She's had a lot of adventures."
"Hey! I heard that!" Adriana said as she looked up from her phone. "I got some of those good looks, too, you know! And Ava could use some more of that adventurous personality."
"Hey yourself!" Ava said back in a banter. "I got plenty of personality." She looked over at her sister. "I just hold it in reserve. More classy, like."
Adriana was about to make a retort when their mother cleared her throat and silenced them with a look and a finger point back to the grandmother. It said, silently, girls, you've done this enough before. Tonight is about your grandmother—this fragile woman who we love so dearly—not your squabbling.
The rest of dinner was uneventful, and the evening too. Maamaan went to bed right after the hot soup. Adriana slipped out for some undisclosed adventures of her own. After finding the papers for the cardiologist appointment in the morning, Ava leafed absentmindedly through her schoolwork, accomplishing nothing. Her mind could think only of her grandmother. She put her work to the side, crawled up the carpeted stairs, and flopped at the top landing. Nothing like a familiar paperback with its dog-eared pages from the hallway bookshelf to help her unwind. After rereading her favorite sections for the umpteenth time until her eyes started to droop, she tore herself away from the inertia of the book's seductive fantasy world and made her way to the bathroom.
It was a cute bathroom, smaller than she remembered and decorated in blue. Two sinks in some kind of 1980's plastic formica counter ran below a long horizontal mirror. Growing up, the girls had shared this bathroom together. A lot of high school drama had happened here, mostly Adriana's. Okay, pretty much all Adriana's. Ava smiled. Her own high school experience didn't include many wild adventures or unknowns, just her schoolwork which she largely enjoyed, and reading, which she could never get enough of. Romances were so much easier in the mind than they were in reality; in all the personality tests she'd taken over the years, she always maxed out on the introvert scale.
Just as she started wondering when Adriana would return, checking the time, the door open and shut downstairs. The end of the younger and more adventursome sister's Thursday night out! Ava shook her head. How did Adriana pick up—and discard—boys as easy a girl tries on clothes? Ava was jealous of her lightness of being. Why did she, Ava, make such heavy weather out of any possible relationship with a boy? Surely there must be someone to choose who would be interested in her, one that wasn't like the neanderthals she seemed to attract most often. Maybe even one that would know how to read, she thought sarcastically; at least to value books and culture.
Samson might be one. He was quiet and sat in the back of her literature class with a shock of dark black hair and deep set eyes that were intriguing. Once Ava turned in her seat and thought she caught him looking at her, his eyes scanning from her face to her ass, and she felt a flutter in her stomach as she looked away quickly before he noticed. Maybe she could gather her courage and be like Adriana and try to flirt with him. Get to know him. Maybe even take a little step towards fooling around. He seemed like he had a lean and attractive figure with his jeans and white t-shirt, and black jacket, and Ava had been told enough times that with her looks that she could entice any boy into paying her attention. It's just that she'd never taken the risk to find out.
A bouncing figure emerged up the stairwells and bounded into the bathroom a few moments later, flushed with the sense of accomplishment. Ava raised an eyebrow and looked at her through the long wall mirror. "So . . .?" Ava asked, waiting.
"So!" said Adriana, with a small giggle, trying to hold still.
"Which boy is it this time? Is it still Liam? I thought he was kinda cute."
"Liam? God, no. He's two or three ago. Now it's . . . Chen!" And Adriana put her hand over her heart and pantomimed a swooning-in-love motion.
"Chen?" Ava had her toothbrush in her mouth, but dropped her hands to her hips in surprise and turned to face Adriana directly; her toothbrush almost fell out as her mouth opened. "Really, Chen? Look . . . you are being safe, right? Mom would have a hard time if you did something . . . you know, something not smart out there."
"Ava, relax. We're just going out. I'm not marrying the guy. You need to get out more yourself. Why are you denying the male species access to all of this?" At which point Adriana jumped behind her older sister and playfully grabbed the back of her baggy sweater, pulling the slack tight so the fabric hugged against her chest and stomach.
Ava looked with surprise at her image in the mirror. She wore sweaters year round as a general rule, or loose button-down shirts, because since high school she had been self-conscious about her growing curves. Given her star-quality looks she already attracted more attention in public than she wanted, and she knew enough about guys that highlighting her chest would only make it worse. But there in the mirror, showing clearly through the fabric pulled tight against her skin by her sister, was her unmistakable form. Her slender waist accentuated the bulge of her firm, round breasts that spilled out in an arc to overlap her upper arms.
"Dang, girl!" Adriana was also staring into the mirror at Ava's reflection. "Did you grow a cup size in college? You've got some beauties there."
Ava blushed, wishing her sister would release her hold on her clothing. Or wishing that she had put a bra on. It was a cheat she often got away with; even though her breasts were full they held a nice shape even without support, and it was pleasant to avoid the annoying bands digging into her back. Maybe it was time to let go of that habit, though, as she saw how the sweater didn't hide as much as she expected; however, she didn't make a practice of pulling her sweater this tight. She made a mental note to try to look for some bras whose fit she could stand.
"Turn to the side," Adriana continued, in a bossy voice. "I want you to appreciate this."
"Adriana . . ." Ava pleaded, but her sister didn't relent. She sighed, and did as directed, facing towards the toilet. Adriana took a step to stay behind her sister, tightening her grip, and they both gazed at Ava's profile in the mirror. Her breasts were not overly large but they were round and full, and the rest of her torso was slender, and they projected high from her chest at the level of her biceps, so the overall effect was dramatic. Directly from their midpoint the bulges of the soft tissue at her nipples puckering the fabric out in a conspicuous triangle, aimed just slightly upwards.
"Wow," Adriana said to her big sis. "If the male species only knew."
"Ha! " Ava retorted, recovering her composure and pushing Adriana away. She spun around to face her sister and take her by the shoulders. "I think the male species is being taken care of well enough already by someone else in this family." They laughed. It was obvious to both of them that they shared a deep love, despite their dramatic personality differences. When they were both in high school they had teased each other a lot, and the banter reminded them of those years.
Ava looked into the mirror at herself and leaned in to remove her makeup while Adriana brushed her teeth. Heavy eyeliner, mascara, and red lipstick were Ava's vices; she knew they went well with her Perisan coloring. She was shy in her behavior but took no small pride in looking her best. In a classy way, of course.
"Ava," Adriana said in a more somber tone as she leaned back from the sink and took stock of her own figure, one that was slightly taller than her older sister's, and more slender in chest and hips. She was a pleasant looking girl, wearing a simple black evening dress with a plunging neckline. "Do you think I'm pretty?"
"Oh my God, not this again," Ava put her hands on her head and rolled her eyes. "Of course you are pretty. Just look at yourself. Does it really matter, anyway?"
"No, really. I mean, I get to thinking I'm fine. Then you come home, and God, . . . Ava, look at you! How can I compete?" Adriana slid over and put an arm around her sister, her face alongside. They looked straight into the mirror at the pair of them. "Have you ever thought about modeling or something? Movie star?" Ava raised one eyebrow. Adriana looked up and down Ava's chest. "Lingerie model?" They both laughed.
"You know, I miss you, when you're gone at college."
It wasn't common for Adriana to get serious, and Ava turned to her.
"Kid sis, I miss you too. I've been lonely up there."
"Why don't you get a guy? Jesus Christ, joking aside, Ava, you're so fucking hot you could get any guy you want, if you took the initiative."
"I don't want a guy who wants me for my body."
"Well you don't want a guy who doesn't care about your body either, right? Like think about how you would pick your dream guy. You wouldn't want some plain looking, fat guy, right? You want somebody that turns you on, both in body and brain. I mean, look. All guys are a mix. They can be the greatest guys in the world, but still be horny as hell, right? Can't you allow them that?"
"As long as it's not the only thing they are after."
"It won't be. I'm sure of that. Jesus, maybe your life would be easier if you weren't so fucking good looking, then you wouldn't let it mess with your mind so much."
Adriana had an idea. "What you need is a guy to break the ice with. Just to get you over that threshold, so you can stop worrying so much and start dating. It doesn't have to be your perfect guy. Just a regular, horny guy, no pressure, just some fooling around, and after that you can go find your dream man."
"I don't know," Ava said, but in fact she had been nursing a similar idea for a few months. She had a sexuality that was real, and significant, it was just down deep in a place hard to get to. She yearned for it to get out; to try something, with somebody, and when she was honest with herself she admitted this desire was growing in urgency; it was beginning to undermine her happiness with life. She didn't want to live purely in her world of books and go about her daily life at the U afraid to talk to guys.
It's just that she didn't know how to get started. Putting up a picture of herself on some app and swiping left or right or whatever the hell you were supposed to do with the hot ones just seemed like a world she didn't have anything to do with, and would never have the courage to enter.
*****
Anthony
It had been a rough night, physically and emotionally. The break up with Jennifer didn't start until 2 am and they—really just Jennifer—didn't stop talking and walking and crying until hours later. It wasn't good planning on his part, but in his experience these things never went smoothly. A tiny bit of ragged sleep was all he could manage, then it was time to drag his ass in here for the seven am shift; currently he was slumped over his desk between patients in a familiar exhausted pose, head down and hands up over his eyes and forehead, fingers tangled in the shock of hair above his brow.
A short Filipino woman paused as she walked behind him and couldn't resist running her fingers lightly through his hair at the back of his neck. Her name was Nadine, and she was one of several spunky nurses in the office who took a special liking to this young man. He hadn't cut his hair in a while and it fell down across his shoulders, jet black and thick, with waves near the ends. Some women went a little nuts over it. A lot of women, in fact, like Nadine. With his eyes closed he knew who it was giving him the hallway attention; the brief touch was comforting almost in a maternal fashion. He knew that she had a good heart and wanted the best for him, but sometimes it was a bit much.
"Anthony, Anthony, you can sleep at work all you want, just don't ever, ever cut this beautiful hair!" She played this mostly to the audience of Grace, her fellow nurse, who was working on paperwork at the desk jammed next to Anthony's in what was ostensibly an official cube area, but in reality just a walled-off portion of the hallway. The patients didn't walk past here much—they usually went around the long way clockwise from the lobby past the echo room—so the staff got away with expanding where they could. The office was crowded to the point of overflowing, and in need of major remodeling.
Baltimore cardiology was a small practice just outside the city on the west side near Loudon Park, a nicer part of what was unfortunately a sketchy city. It wasn't exactly America's shining example of peace and prosperity, but the emergency rooms downtown took the brunt of the medical impacts of the area's poverty and violence. Out here in the suburbs it was residential and quiet. Anthony ran the echocardiogram room, at least most of the time. It was his first job out of school and he liked it. Rarely was a new grad given this level of responsibility and independence without a dozen years of experience. Ricardo was the senior tech but he worked only part time now with Doc Michaels as he split shift with the doctor's practice next door.
It's funny, the techs often mused—being fit young men themselves and caring about their appearance—but this other doc was also a big out-of-shape guy, fat even, like Doc Michaels. What was it with cardio docs being lard buckets? How could they sit with a straight face and tell their heart failure patients to watch what they ate while they sat there gasping just to sit straight up in their chair? Do as I say, not as I do; it was the way of a lot of authority in the world, Ricardo had lectured him over lunch. Ricardo ran the show when he was in the office; an annoying jerk on his bad days, barely tolerable on the good ones. But he and Anthony managed to have a few laughs together anyway and besides Nadine and Grace, he was the closest work associate that he had.
With his eyes tightly shut on the desk, Anthony reviewed how he had gotten to this place in life. Just one of those random paths, he guessed. He worked some shit jobs after high school, then signed up to a community college where in the x-ray tech program he got a break; he must have charmed the head administrator, because afterwards—through unaccountable luck—he drew one of the rare spots to continue in the ultrasound program. Or maybe it wasn't luck. The administrator was an attractive woman in her 40's, and he'd made it a point to give her a big smile when they'd pass in the hallways. She always smiled back. Maybe that was it, his smile or his hair, because his grades weren't top notch.
That administrator wasn't the only one. Women of all ages, and the occasional gay man, would look twice at him, and start to act differently when they came near. They would get nervous and avoid his direct gaze. It happened more than once at a dinner when he happened to be seated across from an attractive woman. She'd start twisting her body this way and that in her seat, nervously, not looking at him, combing her fingers anxiously through her own hair. He was savvy enough to notice it. This reaction that he generated in people, plus his not infrequent conquests, led to his reputation as being a bit of a "bad boy," at least according to Nadine.
Grace looked up to her coworker and piped in. "Nadine—" she said to get her attention, then "Jennifer" in a hoarse whisper, mouthed in the way that is supposed to be unheard but is anyway. Through the small air gaps in his fingers he snuck a peak at Grace making a slit motion across her own throat with her hand while she whispered, a grimace on her face. There was a pause as Nadine digested this.
"Oh no, Anthony! Anthony! Not Jennifer, no . . . I liked her. Why are you such a bad boy picking up these girls and leaving them so sad?"
He wasn't really such a bad boy. His reputation got ahead of him. He did fall for the good-looking girls, though; he always had since high school, and here he was at 24 years old doing the same thing. He liked to think it was them, and not him, causing the problem, at least that's what he told himself. They'd meet, laugh, get to know each other, and then have some fun going out for a few weeks or a month; but they always became, he didn't really know how to describe it, just . . . boring, maybe.
The sex would start great—he'd been told more times than he could count that he knew how to please. That was something about Jennifer. She had the most sensitive feelings down there; she could barely stand a direct touch on her clitoris. His dick was big—not freakishly giant like a porn star's, but meaty—and it had this impressively thick head on it. He was even big when he was soft. Girls always loved to play with it, feel it against them, caress it. One impulse he didn't understand was how they loved to pillow talk him about their previous guys and how small their dicks were in comparison. As they did this, he wondered what kind of review he would get for their next guy.
With Jennifer, his favorite position was to lie naked on top of her, his dick resting on her shaved pussy, the head barely nuzzled in her soft lips, and he'd stroke her neck and breathe on her ears, pinning her arms above her head on the bed so she couldn't touch herself, driving her wild until she begged him to fuck her. Then his big head would slowly push its way in, parting her delicate pink tissue, and she would begin making those sounds. He smiled. Those were the good things to remember.
But inevitably, as good as the sex started, it would drift stale, like it had with Jennifer, and if he was honest these relationships were ignited and then held together only by the sexual attraction; so when that slid, there wasn't much left. And then before you know it, he'd get a crying woman at 4 am in his apartment, and Nadine telling him in the morning that he was a bad boy.
What the fuck was wrong with the women he dated? What the fuck was wrong with him, maybe? Why did he always lose interest? And why did they have histrionic meltdowns at the break up? He was ready to move on; they never seemed to be.
He wanted more. He wanted someone who understood him and was interested in him and who wanted him to be interested in her, to share her own struggles. So that they could find some meaning in this life together. He never thought he would say it, but he was starting to realize that he wanted a woman who wanted him for more than his hair and smile and to get him into bed and fuck him as fast as possible. He laughed at himself and wondered why, and how, it took so long to come to this conclusion. Was it time at 24 years old to stop being driven by the impulses of a horny teenager brain?
He pulled his head up from the desk. The nurses had both gone to their duties. On the wall the master schedule was written in grease pencil and a glance at the clock showed he had ten more minutes before his next echo. He leaned back in his chair and stared down the beige-carpeted hallway. Maybe he still hadn't recovered the thing with Nick and Laura.
Since Christmas, before Jennifer, his life had pretty much turned to shit. He had this huge fight with his cousin Nick who had been his best friend since, well, since grade school, even. Over the years, Anthony hadn't opened up to many guys, or girls for that matter, about the most important things in his life. But somehow with Nick it was different. He could talk about things that mattered: his fears, irrational worries, insecurities, dreamy goals, and other things that let him get vulnerable and that he would never mention to other guys. Without it being too mushy. But that was all before Laura. Or Loura, or Lawra, or some shit; however she spelled it. He never imagined that it would be a girl that would come between him and Nick.
Nick had been dating her for a couple of months before the holidays and he seemed genuinely head over heels. Nick was happy for him, but all he knew about this girl was what his cousin raved about: she was beautiful and loved him with devotion, and kept him feeling on top of the world, is what he said. Anthony was looking forward to meeting her at year end; she needed to move out of her second story apartment in downtown Baltimore and Nick wanted some help dealing with the shit ton of things she had to move. How the fuck some girls accumulate all this stuff he had no idea but he had seen it more than once. She was only a year out of college, for Christ's sake. Anthony himself could fit all his possessions into a few suitcases.
So he showed up for the big move and the happy couple were both struggling to haul this big ass couch down the front stairs, leading to the street. It was stuck at a right-angle corner at the top landing, and Nick was sweating like crazy on the lower portion of the stairs holding up the heavy end. Anthony ran up to help him. Laura was at the top, not doing much useful, but she didn't seem concerned. He could tell right away that both of them had taken in a few drinks already, Laura more than Nick, who was on call and wouldn't get sloshed.
They managed to work together to start the thing down the stairs, one at a time, during which time Anthony got more than a few good looks at Laura who was dressed in a sharp black tank top cut low over a great figure. The top said, "University of Maryland." She was a flirty, sorority type. Pretty enough, but Anthony judged at a first impression that she was too shallow even for his reputed taste. He tried to reconcile the praise Nick had dished out about a loving woman with this sorority girl he saw now in person above him on the stairs, but couldn't really make it work. He filed his judgment away for the time being.
As she leaned over to guide her end, it was hard for Anthony not to see down her shirt to her low-cut bra where the generous curves of her breasts swayed as she moved. He was fascinated by a beautiful woman's body; that was a weakness that he didn't think he would ever grow out of, and his gaze probably lingered longer than it should have. Nick was struggling with the heavier side, looking down to secure his footing on the lower step. Anthony looked from Nick back up to her; fully aware of his attention, she flashed a devilish smile and raised her eyebrows. Oh fuck, he thought, this has trouble written all over it. Big time.
After they got the couch down and loaded in the U-Haul van, Anthony turned to get a formal introduction. She skipped the handshake and went straight to the hug, hanging on too long and too closely with her arms clasped around the back of his neck.
"Anthony, it's so nice to MEET you. Nick has told me ALL ABOUT YOU," she gushed, and then giggled. It was unexpected, her eagerness to be so familiar. It might not have all been due to the alcohol. Anthony was getting mega-flirt signals. He had to balance keeping it friendly with her while not pissing off his cousin, whose girl was rubbing her front side against him. Nick watched the two of them carefully with the edges of a jealous concern creeping into his face.
They walked back up and loaded a few more things: two big dressers, a headboard, kitchen table with four chairs, and some other crap Anthony didn't remember. Up and down those stairs. They were almost done when Nick got the page from the station that Anthony was dreading, because he, Anthony, didn't want to spend time alone babysitting the giggling and semi-drunk Laura. Nick left in a hurry and asked his cousin to stay so that Laura could make her 5 pm move deadline.
There were a lot of small things left, but nothing big except a fish tank. It wasn't an ordinary little tank with a guppy or two; this sucker spanned an entire tabletop. Anthony didn't know much about fish tanks, but he learned quickly that the water in these things was no joke. Gallons and gallons of it; that shit is heavy. Laura was in the kitchen mixing up some more drinks, and Anthony asked her if they could empty the tank and transport the fish in little plastic sandwich bags, like he'd seen in the movies. Remember Finding Nemo? Honestly, he'd never been a fish guy so he had no fucking idea. But she didn't seem to know either, and was afraid of killing the fish or messing something up with the filters and whatnot if they emptied it. The tank wasn't hers; she was only keeping it for a friend who was still in college on her last senior semester abroad.
So he couldn't remember how they arrived at this plan of action, but after a few more drinks—and that must have been instrumental in their poor decision making—they started to move this thing down the stairs with water and fish and all intact in the tank. The two of them could barely lift it off the table to the floor, and they shuffled it onto a blanket through the apartment door and slid it in bursts over to the top of the stairs. Water was already sloshing around on every push and the bare hardwood floor got wet all the way to the door, leaving a slimy track across the apartment like a giant snail. Laura pulled out some towels from one of her boxes to try to sop it up. At least they didn't drop any fucking fish out which they would have had to catch somehow to scoop them back to the tank.
At the right angle turn of the landing—where the trouble had started with the couch—Anthony carefully navigated around the tank to the step immediately below, took a deep breath, and asked her to push it towards him. She bent down and gave a grunt. It slid towards him, the water kicking back and forth in the open top. He grabbed the underside of his end and then one by one she'd klunk her side down a step and he'd shift his grip and take a step backwards down the stairs. It was heavy, and he was starting to sweat as she made it around that corner. He was carrying most of the weight of this thing in the air while her side rested on a step.
They were only a few feet from each other, Laura standing on the higher step and bending all the way over to lift the top edge of her side of the aquarium. Her lightweight top was dangling pretty much off her body in that pose, and even her bra was gapping enough that he could see right to her dark, hard pokie nipples swinging there. It was awkward that anywhere he looked in the direction up the stairs, he was face to face with rounded and tan sorority tits. She didn't seem to mind. In fact, he wondered later if she might have engineered this situation.
She smiled and giggled, looked down at her own chest and back to this gorgeous man below her, and said something like, "Are you liking what you see there, Tony boy?"
Yeah, sure, he thought, she was a reasonably hot chick and he was a young man with healthy interests, but he had zero intention of moving in on his cousin's—his best friend's—girlfriend. It troubled him that she came onto him like this. He wanted to believe that she was good at heart; it was just the alcohol that had increased her normally flirty nature. At the moment, she seemed too girlishly silly to be attractive in any kind of real way for him, anyway. He tried to tone her down. "Laura, let's just get this thing down the stairs, okay?" But after she got the tank to the safety of the next lower step, she straightened up and stood looking at the situation.
"Let me get the door," she said and squeezed past him to make her way tipsily down the stairs. They had closed the front door after their last load. He was stuck, standing on the stairs, holding up his end of this heavy-as-shit tank in the air level with his face. If he moved it even a little up or down from the level of her step, the water threatened to slosh back and forth the full length of the tank creating a kind of mini tidal wave, splashing up and hitting him in the face on the near edge. Jesus Christ. he imagined all the fish pouring over the edge onto him and down the stairs, if his grip on the tank were to slip.
"Laura, this thing's heavy. We need to get it down!" he said urgently. There was no way he could move the tank in any direction, down, or up for that matter, without her cooperation to lift the other end.
Sounds of flip flops shuffling up the steps signalled her approach, as he felt the sweat beading on his face, but instead of squeezing past the tank to resume her position above she stopped directly behind him and reached up to play with his hair. "You know . . . Nick said you were good looking, but I had no idea!"
Fuck. He shook his head in an attempt to sober up—he'd had a few too many drinks as well. Up to this point he had been aware of the possibility of some danger with this girl, but nothing had materialized. And the situation hadn't been entirely unpleasant so far. It was kind of humorous, even. Until this. He had no desire for it to go further.
"Laura, look, I'm stuck here. Come on, you gotta grab your end and keep moving it down, one step at a time." The message didn't seem to penetrate her alcohol haze, now mixed in with her sexual attraction haze.
Because he'd been holding the tank for the past five minutes, sliding down the steps one by one, his white T-shirt was pulled up, showing the skin above his khakis. She dropped her hands to his waist and felt around his abs, then rubbed her hands up the front of his shirt. Then she leaned in, standing on the step below him, her face pressing into the curve of his lower back and her breasts pressed against his ass.
"Laura, God damn it! If I drop this thing, we get a fucking fish-pocalypse."
She just giggled and ran her fingernails up to his nipples under his shirt. He felt circles being drawn on his chest with her long nails, and blood pumped into his dick in response. She pinched his nips. Fuck, he thought, this is not good.
But it got worse. She slid around to his front, somehow jamming herself between his body and the tank at the level of his waist. Her face dropped to his groin.
"Hello," she giggled and her tongue flicked against the rising mound, licking his pants wet. Anthony could feel the sensation on the head of his dick through the thin fabric. "You want to come out and play? Let's see how big Little Tony is." Her fingers moved to the zipper.
Oh God, this is bad, he thought. This can't be happening. "Laura, please don't. We can't do this. I don't want to drop this thing."
She giggled again, burped with the alcohol, then yanked the thin khakis down over his ass. He was down to his boxers and her hands were wandering everywhere. Then she whipped off her shirt and bra in a flash—he didn't see how because his full attention was on the waves growing in size back and forth in the tank coming straight for his face. He struggled to hold the thing level.
"Oh! Little Tony isn't so little. Hello, Big Tony!" She squealed in delight as her hand slid under his boxers and made contact with the swelled shaft of his dick. She swung it out into the open air, jiggling it with her hand as if measuring its weight.
"This is so pretty, mmmm . . ." she said, dreamily—the sedative effect of the alcohol hitting her hard now—and guided his penis towards her face and her head down to meet it. Anthony watched with a combination of horror and eagerness as these two body parts followed their inevitable trajectory. There was a loud smack as she kissed the throbbing head, and began a series of wet licks. "Mmmm . . . Oh Tony . . ."
Anthony heard the door click below them. He craned his neck but couldn't see below him, down the stairs. "Laura—" he started, his panic growing. She pulled his dick into her throat, then out again to look up at his eyes.
"It's been so long since I had a real fucking dick! Fuck me here, Tony. Fuck me on the stairs!" she gushed loudly, then swooned to the side. The fuzzy image she saw below Anthony resolved and penetrated her alcohol haze.
"Oops," she uttered quietly, and burped again.
Nick was standing at the bottom of the stairs, looking up at his friends. His mouth was wide open and his arms out at his sides, palms up in utter disbelief. "What the FUCK?"
What happened next was a blur in Anthony's memory. Somehow he yanked his pants up and Laura must have dressed, and they hauled that fucking tank down the stairs, got it loaded into the van. Nobody said anything, and Laura was worse than useless. She crawled back up the stairs to the apartment before they'd even slammed the tailgate. They stood on the street looking at each other, these two long-time friends. There was silence.
"Nick—" Anthony finally began, but Nick's anger silenced his cousin.
"The fuck, Tony. I don't even . . . you had your fucking dick. In her mouth. My girlfriend." He was in a rage.
"No, no. I was stuck on the stairs. She grabbed me."
"Your dick. Your huge dick," Nick continued.
"I tried to stop her."
"You didn't try fucking hard enough, did you?" Nick teared up with frustration. "It's always you getting the girl. Finally I get one, I have it good for once, and you come here and fuck it up. Then she said . . . that thing, damn it . . ."
Anthony knew where this was going. He never understood big dick envy. The size of his dick didn't matter to him that much. But he never saw it from the other side, how the guys in the locker room would look at him, jealous, as he slowly dressed from the top down letting his dick swing around air drying. Or how his cousin learned how he was pleasing his girls from an overheard comment.
"Nick . . . I'm sorry. I tried to stop it, but you're right, I could have . . . shoved her away or something. That was bad. That was really bad."
Nick paused and glared at the street, away from Anthony's apologetic eyes. "Fuck it," he said with disgust into the air. "Just go. I don't want to see you again."
The whole next week he tried to talk it out with Nick, but there was no fixing this. Not even a week later when he and Laura broke up, which of course wasn't a surprise to Anthony. For whatever reasons, Nick didn't give his cousin a pass, no second chance on this one, and their friendship was on an indefinite holding pattern, if not ruined for life. He didn't know what else he could have done, though. Shit. He hadn't even been that attracted to the girl; she just started grabbing at his dick in the stairwell. Now he lost the one person in his life he could confide in, share his thoughts.
He was interrupted by Nadine who had returned to their little cluster of desks and put her hands on his shoulders.
"Your eleven o'clock is waiting," she said. "And Ricardo isn't here, can you cover for him for the next slot if he doesn't show?"
He nodded, slowly, coming out of his remembrances, trying to pop back to life in the office. He was at work, not hauling a fish tank down the stairs and getting a blow job.
Juggling echo slots was something they did fairly often, Anthony lately covering more and more for his senior tech than vice versa. He took his hands out of his hair and stood up from the desk. "Nadine, I'll tell you more about Jennifer later. I know you can't wait to hear all the juicy details," he said, a little peeved. He had gotten very little sleep.
"No no, Anthony. I want you to be happy," she said earnestly. "To get married. To have little Anthonies with all this gorgeous hair! Next time you try harder to make it work. Okay?"
"Okay, I promise," he said, resigned to her concern, and made his way over to grab the clipboard from the wall rack. He'd have to figure some way to get back on terms with Nick, whatever it took. The world was too big and uncaring for them to lose what they had built up all these years.
He shook his head to clear his thoughts, and tried to focus back on his duties. As he looked around at the faded paint on the walls and stained carpet, he mused with a smirk that Baltimore Cardiology certainly deserved only his very best. But that was a passing jest. In fact, he was good at his job as an echo tech and worked hard at it. It was a role that was important and that he enjoyed, took pride in.
The patient meet-and-greet was a favorite part of his job. He was a people person and he enjoyed the window into each stranger's world that he was privileged to access in his medical role. Maybe it was voyeuristic in a deeper way than just getting to see their flesh. What were they like as a person, where were they in their journey in life, where had they been, what were their vulnerabilities, what was their family like, and then of course there was the medical aspect of seeing what trouble they were facing and how Doc Michaels' office could help them. Most cardiac patients were older, and they had many life experiences to share. He suspected a lot of them were lonely because they enjoyed talking with him and he always let them go on as much as they wished, within the appointment time constraints.
He poked his head into the waiting room. There were only two people sitting there, a frail woman in the corner chair by the aisle and a younger woman beside her, leaned in so closely to her that he couldn't make out much about her.
"Gham. . .zeh?" he slowly pronounced from the printout and looked up at the old woman.
"Ghamzeh," the young woman corrected him with the proper inflection, and nodded. Then she turned to the older woman. "Maamaan, can you stand up now? The doctor is ready to see you." She added some more directions in a language that Anthony didn't recognize, and the old woman responded by gathering herself together.
He looked at the pair of them as they shuffled closer. The young woman, wow, she was beautiful! A lump caught in his throat as he attempted not to stare. It wasn't often that he found himself at a loss when seeing someone with such striking features; more typically, he was the one causing others to notice and falter. But this young woman hadn't paid any attention to him. He waited to see if this would change as they approached, but it didn't; this annoyed him a little. He cleared his throat.
"Hi. I'm Anthony. I'm actually not the doctor; he will see you later. First we will do an ultrasound of your heart." The young beauty hadn't even looked up at him; her attention was still completely fixed on the older woman, who he guessed was her grandmother or other relative. "I'm the ultrasound tech," he added. There was still no reaction so he swiveled and began the walk around the office to the echo room. He went slowly so they could keep up behind him.
On the way he glanced at the case history, his life worries from a few minutes ago drifting to the background. The patient was a woman in her early eighties who presented with persistent fluttering in her chest. At this age, a problem like this is most likely A-fib, which is not life threatening but can sometimes drain a person's energy and make life suck, especially if one is older and the body's metabolism is slowing anyway. The atrium beats irregularly and, depending on the severity, people can either notice it and have it fuck up their lives, or not. Sometimes a younger person can go for years without detecting or treating it. He thought it amazing how well the human body can work even when major parts of it are dysfunctional.
He opened the echo room door and let them go in first, guiding them to sit in the plastic chairs on the left.
"I'm Ava" the young woman said after getting them both settled, looking at him briefly and then back to the older woman, with concern. "Ghamzeh is my grandmother. She fell two days ago, and seems tired all the time."
Anthony could not help staring at Ava. Wow. Drop dead gorgeous! This young woman was not just pretty, she was a spectacular beauty. Long flowing black hair, beautiful eyes, perfect nose, red lips, and a compact and curvy figure hidden under a sweater and pastel blue leggings of some kind. He was instantly more curious than after his quick glance in the lobby.
"Ghamzeh is a beautiful name," he said, sincerely.
"It's Persian," said Ava, finally looking at him for a longer moment. "Our family is from Iran, a while back." That explained Ava's gorgeous olive skin tone and oval face. Did he notice her slight blush and turn away from him? Had she finally not just looked at him as part of the medical office but seen him as an attractive man? He nursed a small hope.
The grandma did look wiped out by the journey down the hallway, and maybe by the trip here from home before that.
"Would she like some water? I'm happy to get her some. We have plenty of time."
Ava conversed with her in what he now guessed was an Iranian—or Persian—language, wasn't it called Farsi? He tried to remember. The two held hands gently. It was a delicate, caring motion. Then back to Anthony, "Thank you. She's fine, maybe just a minute to rest here and she'll be ready."
Oh my God, Ava was pretty. He hoped his staring at her wasn't too obvious.
"Yes, that's fine. In the meantime, I can tell you what we'll be doing here, in this room. I'll be running an echocardiogram on your grandmother. It's an ultrasound that takes pictures of her heart, with that machine." He pointed towards the far side of the room to a big machine with display screens next to a tan vinyl-covered bed. "It's not an X-ray, so there is no radiation. Many people ask if it's safe and the answer is yes, it's very safe; it's the same machine they use for scanning pregnant women, but in this office we use it only to look at the human heart. It emits high frequency sound waves and captures how they reflect off the tissues, giving us a picture in real time."
Ava nodded. He probably said more than normal because he wanted to impress her.
"As you can expect, there is a lot of bone from the rib cage surrounding the heart. Sometimes it can be difficult to find a good way to 'see' in with the sound, if you get what I mean. There are four ways we can look in, they are called acoustic windows, two from the top," and he pointed to his own sternum for illustration, "one from the side, and one from below." He pointed up from his abdomen.
She nodded again, taking it in with only moderate interest. He reached over to the counter to take a gown from the top of a stack.
"I'll leave the room; go ahead and get your grandmother into this gown. We need all clothes removed from the waist up. I'll be right outside."
The exam went smoothly. The old lady was graceful and slender, and it was straightforward to capture images of her heart through the fragile, thinning bones of her eighty-plus-year-old rib cage. Echo techs even have a name for this, it's called having a glass window; Anthony mentioned that to Ava. Ghamzeh must have been a looker in her young days; he saw the resemblance to Ava's current beauty especially in her high cheekbones and eyes which, despite her aging, radiated an attractive sparkle and intelligence.
There were two frustrations, though. The first was that during the exam, Ava positioned herself standing behind his chair, with a hand reached out to her grandmother's leg on the exam table. It was sweet; Anthony could see out of the corner of his eye how she consoled her grandma with her loving touch, gently squeezing her ankle or making little rubs up and down her lower calf with her slender fingers. What sucked was he felt self-conscious of her watching him on the computer the entire time, and more importantly it meant that he had no way to look at her.
The second minor annoyance was that Nadine, trying to be helpful, poked her nose in at the end of the exam. "Anthony, I can take Mrs. Gharabaghi if you are done. Doc Michaels wants her in six instead."
What else could he say, but, sure, thanks Nadine, and goodbye Ava. How could he say, no please, Nadine, leave them to me because I want to gawk at her lovely granddaughter for a while more, to gaze at her face and try to figure out what's under that sweater, not to mention her ass?
Actually, later he smiled, ironically, Nadine probably would have conspired to let him spend more time with Ava, in her quest to help him find a good girl. But the interaction was too fast, without time to engineer anything, and before he knew it Ava was walking away from him down the hallway with her beautiful backside swishing gently to and fro in those tight leggings. God, he wanted that girl.
Later he tried to "happen" to intercept them in the hallway after they saw the doc in room six, but he had another echo to do and by then it was too late. They had already left the office.
The rest of the day was hard for Anthony. Working on almost no sleep, the image of Ava's face and body flitted into his mind at any pause in his work. He finally got off at six pm, covering for Ricardo instead of getting off at three like he was supposed to, which would have left him time for a little walk outside. By the time he got out to his car it was darkening and he slumped in the front seat with his arms draped over the steering wheel and stared, exhausted.
God, she was so pretty. Did he have a major case of blue balls or what? He'd ruminated over the thought of her so much all day and so intensely that he wasn't entirely sure if he was even remembering her face correctly. But no, he had her eyes right; he was never going to forget those.
There were multiple facets to his attraction to her, his fascination with her. She was so sweet and caring and he yearned so hard for her companionship, ached for it down deep in his soul. But he was also a young man with a large sexual appetite, and it could not be denied that carnal desires played a large role. He really wanted to fuck this girl. He closed his eyes.
There she was, kneeling before him, looking up with those darkly mascaraed eyes, blinking, her mouth half-open with the bright red lipstick, wanting to please him but unsure how. He'd run his hands through her hair and slowly pull her head towards his body. She would resist but he'd gently persuade her, drawing his fingers down her cheeks to where he'd play with her lips and encourage her to open for him. Go ahead and unzip me, take it out now, he would say. It's going to be big, but you can do it. Then her lips would wrap around him and she would slide on for a ride. He'd feel teeth and tongue as he went deeper. Maybe she would gag, because she hadn't done this before, and he would say calmly, soothingly—running his hands through her hair—go easy, girl, we have all the time in the world, you can learn to take all of me.
He opened his eyes. Fuck, that was hot. But it was only a fantasy. In the real world, she was gone, and completely inaccessible to him. It was a foreign concept, and unsettling, that such a beautiful woman could drive him so wild, so tantalize him, yet leave him hanging with no recourse. He was used to getting what he wanted. He put a hand to his lap and pushed against the rising bulge. Completely hard. Jesus. He hadn't masturbated in a car since high school; he'd better get the fuck home and take care of business there before something embarrassing happened in the Baltimore Cardiology parking lot. Doc Michaels waddling by and seeing him shaking hands with the milkman would not be a strong career move.
Maybe this was an occasion to pull out the proverbial little black book for tonight. He had a few friends with benefits on tap; one would surely be available on short notice, even be excited to get the shot. It would be a normal reaction to breaking up with Jennifer, anyway, nobody could blame him. He wouldn't even need any special excuse or explaining; a sympathetic fuck is a good fuck and lots of girls would love to "heal" him from his suffering, right? It would only take a four-character text to the right recipient to set that into motion—"DTF?"—and he looked down at his phone, considering.
He ran through a few obvious candidates in his mind, one by one, but he realized they just didn't compare. They were attractive girls, of course—he didn't go out with anybody who wasn't—but not one of them was in the same league as Ava. They just weren't the same type of woman. What if he invited one of them over, got them all stripped down, then took a look at their face or tits, comparing them unfavorably to his new beauty dream; who knows how he'd react then. Like one of those movie scenes where he'd shout out "Ava!" wrongly as they climaxed and the girl would say, "Who the fuck is Ava?" and slap him. He laughed.
Well, he'd go have dinner first and see if he even had the energy to deal with some random fuckable chick tonight anyway. His fascination with Ava had consumed him, and he didn't look forward to another sleepless night, this night for a different reason than last.
*****
Ava
A week later, Ava found herself back in the waiting room at Baltimore Cardiology. It had nothing to do with her grandmother, at least not directly. She had made an appointment for herself. It was the result of a promise to her mother—in what she now considered a mistake after a reluctant drive here and giving her name at the counter, suppressing all reactions to flee the place. Why did she get into this? She'd noticed her own heart flutterings since about Christmas. She had meant to do something about it at some point; the scare with Maamaan and follow-up discussion with her mother just moved it to the top of her "to do" list.
Their family had a history of heart troubles. Her biological father, the asshole that she never knew—who left her mother after Adriana was born in Canada—died at an unexpectedly young age from a cardiac arrest. And then this now A-fib with Maamaan. She didn't think that she was in any real danger at her age, but it was true she sometimes noticed a skipped beat while lying on her back in the morning bed; so to reassure her mother, and herself, she made the promise to be seen.
She hated going to the doctor, though. Just dreaded it. She always had, since being a small child. The feeling of being processed, that someone was going to come take control of your destiny, tell you what you must do; the lack of self control, and loss of dignity. And that was even without adding the specific embarrassment of nudity and having your body inspected and invaded by some stranger. She was an intensely personal and modest woman.
It was much different being here last week with Maamaan. At that point she had been consumed by her caretaking role and didn't experience any of the negative emotions that hit her so strongly this time. It had been a distraction, maybe even a protection, to be the supporter. This time there was no hiding; she was the main event. The main course. She shook her head in disapproval. That wasn't good imagery of being consumed.
At least the results for Maamaan weren't disastrous. Yes, she had atrial fibrillation, but the doctor said that a lot of people, even older folks, do pop out of it on their own. There were some meds they prescribed, and later on they could consider a surgery—what they called an ablation—if her energy level remained low and the family thought it was impacting her life, although with Maamaan's age that didn't sound like a practical solution to Ava. But all the thinking about it was all done for now, and there was time to reflect over the spring and summer before the next move on that front. What was on Ava's mind at the moment was what was next for her, and to be honest, she was thinking about that ultrasound tech.
She hadn't noticed him much last time until they were well into the appointment. Then she realized that he was a hot guy. A really smoking hot guy. She might have shown some signs of being nervous at that point, she couldn't remember exactly, but she hoped that he hadn't noticed her reaction. A knot tightened in her stomach. Would he be the guy to work on her today?
Why hadn't she thought this through before she let her mother convince her to make the appointment? Even if she had been waiting for a female doctor she'd be nervous, the tension of knowing what was to come in the next few minutes, someone to stride in with all their official gowns and stethoscopes and confident manner and sense of unquestioned authority, ask to see your body and command you to move this way and that like a lab rat and do whatever they want. But to have it be that guy? That gorgeous, dark-haired tech who might come take her to a room in a few moments and ask her to strip for him?
She had trouble with anxiety and this train of thought wasn't helping her relax. Let's think about something pleasant instead while I wait, she thought. Her grandmother was a good choice.
She remembered all the trips to the ocean and museums and parks when she was a child, laughing and dancing around Maamaan, with the sparkles in her eyes. Ava was her favorite, because she reminded Maamaan of herself when she was young and beautiful. Plus she loved to sit on her lap and listen to the old family stories, in Persian. She was the only grandchild that learned the language well enough to speak it. And the fairy tales, of course, all these strange animals that would get possessed and wander around in the desert and take on a demented form. She wanted to go to the Middle East someday and see her heritage firsthand—she had never been anywhere near her birth place even though she had been to the house in Canada where she had lived as a baby—but honestly she was scared of things out of her control and wasn't sure if she would ever get up the courage to make the trip.
"Ava?" Her name was called and she looked up. She was so tense she was almost paralyzed. It was Anthony, that same technician. A small part of her flashed excitement to see that it was him, but the rest of her froze. She forced herself to get up and walk to the door. It was like being a robot, someone else's body was moving under her command.
He was pleasant and smiling wide. "I'm Anthony. From last week. I'm surprised to see you here, I didn't expect it. But I'm pleased to see you again!" It was too much gushing for her.
"Yes, hello," she said politely.
"I hope your grandmother is well." When she nodded but didn't respond, he seemed embarrassed to have come on too strong. "Yes, well, you know the routine here, same as last time. Follow me this way to the echo room."
She walked after him, watching. He walked confidently, tall, with an athletic build. He hadn't cut his hair since last time and it flowed even further down past his neck. Would she ever date a guy like this, she wondered? If she wanted someone to introduce her to the pleasures of the flesh, he seemed like the right kind of candidate! Her mood was balanced somewhere between shyness and horniness, watching him. She even tried a peek at his ass, although it was mostly covered by the tails of his sharp lab suit. He was a well-dressed man and didn't lack self confidence, that was sure; there must be plenty of notches on his belt, and he surely knows it, she thought.
He led her down to the right turn and into that same dingy room, giving the instructions as he had given her grandmother, to gown up for him. She nodded, he closed the door behind him, and then there she was. Again.
It was the same exam room she had remembered, crammed with the same old junky equipment, and the same dim lighting. Anthony had met her in the lobby, seemingly quite happy to see her again, and they took the journey down the hallway just like last time. But this time, she thought—with a rising sense of indignation—he had casually instructed me to strip from the waist up and put on this flimsy gown. It was too conveniently routine. You know, like hi, I'm that hot guy again, nice to see you again, you sure are a pretty girl, how's your grandma, you look great in that sweater, by the way, how about you just strip naked for me now so I can take a good look at your tits, that would be great, thanks.
She sighed. What did she expect? He didn't really say all that, of course, that she was pretty and so forth, but at twenty years of age she'd seen the effect she could have on guys, and she was sure that he hadn't overlooked the attractiveness of his young patient. The guy was quite a looker himself, too. Maybe it would have been easier with some nerdy tech who wouldn't have noticed her with his smouldering eyes. They probably didn't even have a woman doing this job at such a small office, but she was annoyed with herself for trusting the system blindly, not thinking fast enough to ask about it.
Looking around here, this room was indeed a mess. It didn't seem like it had been organized for years. A treadmill occupied the main portion of the room. She hoped he wouldn't make her use that thing, because she hadn't brought running shoes or a sports bra that would be suitable. Cords of thick twisted black plastic dangled from its dashboard over to several monitors on wheeled metal frames. One desk was against the wall to the left of the door past the chairs, and on the right side another desk and small sink. Both desks were full of papers, and the cabinets above were jammed full of gloves and other medical supplies, with doors heralding the standard assortment of messages of what to do in case of emergency, how to get help translating into your language, how to file a complaint. Hmm, she thought with a little smile, maybe that last one would come in handy if he gets too frisky with me.
On the wall next to the exam table was a large, plastic-coated poster of the heart, exploded to show each compartment with a hundred arrows and names written here and there in tiny font, and cartoons of cute blood cells being pumped around, picking up and delivering oxygen around the body. On the far side of the treadmill, occupying the rest of the room was the faded tan exam table covered by a long sheet of that crinkly white doctor office paper. She knew that was where she was going to be in a few minutes, wearing only the gown over her please-get-yourself-naked-from-the-waist-up, and she thought with dread of Anthony right beside her, maybe too eagerly, running that wand over her chest like a boy with his favorite toy car.
Then she noticed the small mirror by the sink. I can make sure I am presentable, at least, she sighed, motivating herself to go take a look. Her reflection confirmed that her mascera hadn't smeared, her hair was relatively in order aside from a few stray strands which she tucked back in, and a quick pulling back of her lips showed no lipstick stains on her teeth. Then she turned her head back and forth and stood on her tiptoes to check out the profile of her chest. She was a pretty young woman. What did she have to be nervous about? This wouldn't bother most women. Certainly not Adriana.
If she were here, what would she say? She wouldn't be scared, or nervous, that's for sure, Ava thought. She'd be like, Ava, relax . . . you know you've got a hot bod with those great assets, just whip off your shirt and be like, whoo-hoo hot ultrasound boy, check out these awesome tits! Then she might lean forward and use her hands to open an imaginary flimsy paper gown, and shake her chest in some embarrassing imitation of Ava gone wild, or something.
The vision made Ava chortle audibly, which she stifled with hand over her mouth. A small grin spread from one side of her mouth, and she shook her head back and forth. She realized how much she cherished the relationship with her crazy and spunky younger sister, and how she'd missed her while she was at college.
But damn, Adriana wasn't here and she was stuck in this room, alone. And there really was a tall, dark, handsome guy waiting outside in the hallway for her to get naked, and she didn't have any desire to shake her assets anywhere near him.
The knock-knock brought her abruptly out of her thoughts. The handle turned and the door opened just a crack. "Ava, are you ready?" came Anthony's resonant voice. Shit, she had stalled too long and was embarrassed. She imagined his smokey eyes just a few feet from her, on the other side of the door, penetrating into the room and right through her sweater to her naked body. In an unconscious reflex, even though he couldn't see, she brought her hands up over her chest.
"Uh . . . not yet. Sorry."
"It's no problem," he said through the slightly ajar door. It was a voice she could fall in love with. "I'll give you another minute."
She looked down at her hands covering the curves of her chest. Yeah, maybe I just can't do this. Not today and not in front of this guy. She held that pose for a few seconds as her mind raced for what kind of excuse she could give that wouldn't make it sound like she was an embarrassed little girl. She couldn't think of one. It was not going to be easy to get out of this.
She brought up her hands to her temple and covered her eyes and forehead. Oh, damn it. It was sinking in that, in fact, she was just going to have to harden up and do this, and just get through it.
Having made the decision to take the plunge, she moved to gown herself before this guy walked in on her. Even though there was nobody in the room, out of reflex she faced the corner and discretely pulled her sweater over her head. She folded it quickly and tossed it on the chair that was tucked in between the door and the desk. As she slipped on the gown, yes, being a good girl to have it open in front as the almighty Anthony had commanded, she was relieved to feel it was thick enough to be opaque. She knew he'd have to paw at her to put on those damn electrodes, she remembered from last week, and he might get a peek while he does that, but otherwise she should be covered for the exam. And the light was low in the room.
She tidied up her sweater on the seat of the chair by the door, unnecessarily, and went over to sit nervously on the edge of the high chair by the cabinets and sink. She gave Anthony the okay to come in.
He confidently strode into the room, all business like, carrying a clipboard, and gave Ava a brief courtesy nod. One could tell that this was his domain. He had that easy familiarity that came with working in this room every day, while conversely for each patient it was each time a fresh experience of discomfort. He pivoted around to pull over a machine on tall metal legs and rollers that snagged in its own dangling coils of cords.
She took a long look at the back of his head as he attended to the machine, the luxurious dark hair flowing over his shoulders. He looked a bit tired, but sharply dressed in his long white lab coat, crisply pleated pants, and shiny black shoes. He wasn't one of those medical guys slobbing around his job in scrubs and sneakers. With some surprise, she realized that she was gripping the edges of the chair, hard. She forced herself to relax or she would blow out an artery. No better place than here at a cardiac doctor's office, though, she thought ironically.
The gown was a little tight on her. Her chest was large enough that it gapped in front. She felt for some kind of way to tie it but didn't find any, so she rocked her weight back and forth to free up slack where she had sat on the gown tails. She pulled the front as tightly together as tight as she could. It still showed a thin line of skin down the center of her chest and abdomen and she could see just a hint of the curve of her boobs. Well, it's as good as I'll get, she thought, with a slight shrug.
As he spoke, he pivoted to face her. "Ava, first we're going to check your blood pressure. Just sit back where you are and take a few deep breaths to relax." He unfolded the black cuff in sections, the last one with a jarringly loud rip as he pulled the velcro free, and unwound the cord which was tangled around it.
"How about your right arm," he stated, rather than asked. As she raised her arm towards him for the cuff, she noticed that her gown cracked further open down the front. She thought about reaching with her left arm to try to hold it closed, but she didn't want to seem prudish, like, I'm sorry, I'm too shy to have you take my blood pressure on my arm, she thought. She was pathetic, that's what Adriana would say. But it wasn't her fault that she was so shy. Anthony wasn't looking at her chest anyway, so she told herself it wasn't worth worrying about.
He secured the cuff and turned back to the machine to start the automated sequence. It began puffing air into the cuff in its program of clicks and pumps.
"So how is your grandma doing now?" he asked casually while the machine was working.
She hadn't spoken in a while and cleared her throat first. "She's doing all right. Thank you for asking," she squeaked out. The pressure grew to an uncomfortable level on her arm. She hated these machines that grabbed and squeezed. She always felt trapped. She tried to think back about Maamaan and how she had been doing. "The meds seem to be keeping the fluttering down. And we're still thinking about whether we want to do the ablation or not."
"That's a big decision," he said, with a sincere nod. He was looking right at her now with those smokey eyes and she had a hard time holding his gaze without feeling like it was burning into her. He continued confidently.
"A lot of patients do get a benefit, but it is a major surgery, and you know, at an advanced age any procedure can be stressful." He turned from the machine and started to unfasten the cuff. "But she has you for support, that's a really big thing." He flashed a smile. She felt awkward sitting here in a gown on his table, but she could not deny that he was an attractive man.
In another context, she would have had a calm mind to make small talk. She wasn't so painfully shy that she couldn't talk to a guy like a normal person. It was just that she had a hard time chatting when he was dressed nicely in his suit and she was wearing this humiliating medical garb, with a part of her chest showing and her arm trapped in a squeezing cuff. Also, her mind couldn't help but think of what was going to happen on the exam table in a few moments. She knew that's why she was on pins and needles, and managed only to mumble an "Uh huh" in response. She wished medical techs wouldn't always try to make small talk with people who were obviously uncomfortable.
Anthony swung back to look at the machine, with a furrowed brow. "Hmm, your blood pressure is on the high side, 130 over 90. Is this normal for you or do you think you are nervous? Visiting the doctor's office makes a lot of people nervous."
*****
Anthony
When Anthony had seen the name Ava Iravani in the morning's schedule, his heart jumped. The last name didn't match the grandmother's from what he remembered, but it looked like it could be Persian and he held out some hope. Sure, it was a pleasure to do an exam on a healthy young woman, which was rare compared to his normal clientele of older folks, many of them not in great shape, but his excitement was more than that. It was because it was her. She was an exceptional caring and loving woman. He wanted to spend more time with this woman in any way he could. He hadn't been able to stop thinking about her since the appointment the previous week.
The only spanner in the works was that she was scheduled for Ricardo's room. His heart fell. There were multiple reasons that he could not let this pass, including that he didn't want that guy's paws on this delicate beauty. It required some quick engineering to sweet talk Marsha into the switch. Luckily for Anthony, Ricardo was on another one of his breaks and hopefully would stay out there a while. "I'm going to cover for Ricardo's 10 o'clock, can you just switch the schedules, he can take my 10:15." He had done this often enough as a favor to her that she complied without any objections. Ricardo would be none the wiser, anyway, and probably happy that Anthony took on some of his workload. If he had known what he was giving up he might have thought differently.
She was there in the waiting room, dressed conservatively in a sweater and those same powder blue leggings. She was the same as he remembered, gorgeous, although she seemed more reserved and self conscious this time by herself. Anthony guessed correctly that she was more comfortable taking care of others than having the attention on herself.
When she gowned and let him into the echo room, he started the usual chit-chat as he took her blood pressure. He had found that it was a good way to break the ice with patients if they are asked about any small things: their weekend plans or what they do for a living. In this case, he was honestly curious about her grandmother. A lot of the parts of medical exams are routine. As a patient, it may be a little boring to have your blood pressure taken, he thought, or your blood drawn, but that's nothing compared to how the techs feel doing it a hundred times a week! He could feel himself relaxing as he entered the familiar routine of his regular procedures.
Ava was legitimately anxious and she spiked her blood pressure test. He'd seen that happen not just when pretty young women are being seen by male techs, but with patients of all genders and ages. Somehow being in the exam room heightens the body's alerting system, and blood pressure readings can be wildly inaccurate compared to ones taken quietly at home. When he asked her about being nervous, she gave him an "I'm sorry" with a quick and repeated nod, biting her lower red lip gently. He found her adorable, and falling again for her demure manners like he started to last time. Damn, she was attractive.
"Okay, let's go over to the table, now," he said, and wheeled the blood pressure machine out of the way back towards the sink. As she stood up and stepped gingerly to the back of the room, it was obvious that she was self-conscious about being in the medical gown in front of him. This didn't stop him from taking a good look at her nicely rounded figure, though. As any guy does, he'd been trying to piece together what her body looked like. It was like a puzzle men can't resist, the difficulty level and intrigue heightened by the blurring effect of loose clothing: a contour here as she leaned, detecting a shape moving there as she walked.
She was very modest. Was it part of her conservative Persian upbringing? Her grandmother was from old school Iran, though, and from what he had read it was actually quite liberal in pre-revolutionary times there, women going through the same sexual liberation as in the west. But who knows if she was brought up that way, or more with modern Iranian conservative values. He didn't know yet how she would react to being examined by a man. But he would find out shortly, he thought, with some feeling of anticipation.
"Go ahead and sit up here." He patted the exam table and she moved over and shimmied up. "Swing your legs up and then lean. Yes, that's it. I'll bring this pillow up higher if you like." Ava adjusted the headrest with her left hand as she discreetly held her gown together with her right, and swung her feet out and her torso back to a reclined position. "We'll start with you on your back like that," he said.
He brought his stethoscope to her sternum, the upper part of her chest, and hovered it over the gap in her gown. As he held it just an inch from her creamy skin, he could see her heart beating with a faint pulsing of the skin. This was called a visible heartbeat and it wasn't that common, but she had delicate skin and her heart must have been beating hard with nerves. There was nothing wrong with it from a medical point of view, it was just unusual. He found it sexy, like many did—there was even a whole porn subset dedicated to the kink—but tried to put those thoughts aside.
"I'm going to take a listen with the stethoscope. Sorry, it might be cold."
He touched the larger end of scope head down to her skin and pushed down gently. A very fast, strong beat. He listened for a few seconds.
"You have a strong, regular heartbeat, which is good, but it's fast, as you can probably tell." He paused a second. Later he wondered what prompted him to ask, "Do you want to hear your own heart?" He had never asked a patient to try this. Ricardo must have given him the idea after he raved about doing this with a patient that turned him on. Looking back, he realized this was the moment where the exam got off the rails.
She seemed surprised to be given this option. "Uh . . . I guess?" She shook her head in some confusion.
"It might help you relax. Some people find it sensual—" He stopped. Shit, that wasn't what he wanted to say, although it was true. "I mean, it's a sensory experience, like those isolation tanks, being back in the womb."
"Okay," she said, unsure, but willing to be a cooperative patient. She didn't know if this was a standard procedure but she suspected perhaps not. It's true that her heart was racing, though, she could even feel it herself, so she would try anything to relax.
He pulled the scope's tips from his own ears and put them gently onto hers, trying to move smoothly so he wouldn't alarm her with the motion near her face. Placing the diaphragm in the middle of her sternum, the flat part of her chest up high towards her neck, he said, "This is your aortic valve. Just take a few deep breaths and listen." She did.
Then he slid it laterally to the fleshy part of her upper left breast a little bit under the gown and held it there. When she breathed in, her flesh pressed up into the stethoscope, which he held steady with a slight pressure so her skin pushed up around it. He saw the bulge of her breast through the crack in the gown and couldn't help getting turned on by how sexy she was.
"Take some big, deep breaths. This is your pulmonary valve. Can you tell it sounds a little different than the aortic? You are hearing the different timing of the valves' opening and closing and the blood flowing through."
She took some deep breaths. The whoosh was interesting but she wasn't quite sure what she was supposed to hear. It was mechanical, but also biological and natural. Her heart was beating fast. She needed to chill out, but even if he meant well, he wasn't helping by running the scope around her tits.
He slid the stethoscope head down to the middle of her chest, slightly below the nipple line, to where the gown was closed, and then went under the fabric just a bit. "This is your tricuspid." He waited a few breaths for her to hear it. Her mouth made small movements as she concentrated on the sounds of her heart.
Then he slid from there laterally towards the underside of her left breast, hidden by the gown. With his other hand, he gently folded up the gown, exposing just part of the skin of her breast, below the nipple. He loved the underside of a woman's breast, accentuated by its lightly colored skin and abrupt junction with the flat abdomen, a lovely private curve that was taboo to show in public.
"And this is your bicuspid valve." He waited a moment watching her breast pulse up and down. He imagined her getting turned on listening to the sexy beat of her own heart, and maybe even by his standing there next to her, over her, holding the stethoscope on her body.
"That's it, you are now an expert!" He moved the scope back to her sternum. "I'm going to work on some paperwork for a minute. You can hold it there yourself. You can even close your eyes to try to relax. Yes, good, like that. It's useful to think of a vision, maybe a beach or other quiet place where you know you can be calm. Try to forget you are in a doctor's office."
That wasn't very likely, she thought, but she was glad to have his attention away from her for the moment. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply, and listened to more whooshing. The beach vision was a good idea. She loved beaches, and imagined lying on one of those recliners with the little vinyl bands pressing into her back, a soft cool wind coming up into her face and the sound of the waves rolling in, maybe a sunset in progress. And how about a hot guy with dark hair serving me drinks. Damn, she thought—that's going to get my heart going faster, not relax it!
He went back to his desk but instead of working on anything useful he gazed back at the table. He couldn't take his eyes off her face, her chest, her hips, even her calves and delicate feet below the blue leggings, with toe polish carefully applied over smooth olive skin. He knew he was perving on her in a minor way, checking her out like this—it was a challenge he struggled with in the job, wanting to do the right thing but being a sexual person, occasionally being given an opportunity that was very difficult for him to resist. So he stared, wary of being caught if she opened her eyes, but he couldn't help himself.
After a minute he cleared his throat and put his hand to take the scope back. She opened her eyes. Her heart rate was still high. She looked uncomfortable lying on that hard exam table with her gown gapped open and the prospect of a strange guy pawing at her chest. He took stock of the whole situation and thought to himself, Anthony, you are a bad boy as Nadine always says, but you should do the right thing, for this nervous and very pretty girl. A chance for redemption.
I can give her an out, he challenged himself.
"Look, Ava, . . . your heart is still beating too fast to get a good ultrasound. Can I ask you a direct question?" She looked at him, vulnerable, not knowing what he was going to say next.
"We see a lot of women here, and some of them are, well, to be honest they aren't comfortable with this exam. It's technically not classified as an invasive procedure, you know, like, . . ." and he stopped, not wanting to name vaginal ultrasounds specifically, He merely said, "Well, like other procedures. So it's not standard to offer an observer when the tech is of a different gender."
She was listening attentively. Anthony could tell that he struck a nerve with this topic of discussion. He continued. "But we do have a female ultrasound tech on staff here."
She brightened up. "You do?"
"Yes. She only works Tuesdays and Wednesday though; she's not here today. But tell you what, how about if I go check the schedule and see if she can see you next week?"
She let out her breath and leaned back in relief. It was clear she was eager to seize this opportunity. "Yes, I would really appreciate it if you could check. Thank you."
He gathered his scope and clipboard and started to head out of the room. "I'm sorry to cause you the trouble," she said meekly as he turned away from her. "I don't mean it as an insult, or anything."
"It's no problem at all. Really." It both pained and elated him that he had this moment of strength to resist her temptation—it was not something in his character that he could always count on. This will definitely result in more blue balls and cold showers later, he knew, but at the moment he was proud of himself, that he managed to do the right thing. He flashed her a warm smile. He was definitely not letting her leave this time without getting a contact number.
He was really head over heels for this sweet and shy girl, in a way he had never experienced. As he walked up the hallway to talk to Marsha he felt a lightness in his step. Even Nadine would be proud of him this time.
*****
Ava
The door clicked shut as Anthony left the room. Oh my God, she thought. What a roller coaster. What is going on today?
She had watched him move silently. He was such an attractive man to her, the way he spoke, the way he looked, the way he controlled his body. Her feelings were not simple about watching him leave the room; she was conflicted. Maybe it was even a let down after the build up. Did part of her brain want her to be forced to go through with an exam? To have a hot guy inspect her chest, rub a scope all around her breasts?
She wondered about that whole thing where he let her listen to her own heartbeat. What was that? She'd never heard of that being standard procedure, but then again she'd never heard of having too fast a heartbeat for an exam either. Maybe she was the exception, not him. She admitted that it was pretty interesting to hear—she hadn't realized the different sounds that parts of her heart made, and she could see it would be soothing, even sexy, to lie still and listen to that in a quiet room, or listen to someone else's heart beating.
She sighed. As intriguing as Anthony was to her, and for whatever attraction she felt towards him, she was better off to get this exam set up with a woman instead. It felt like stepping back from the edge of a cliff, or backing out of a commitment that she knew was going to be over her head. There was a little bitty touch of disappointment in not challenging herself, but the relief was palpable. She'd come back in next week and get this done and then get back to her life at school. Maybe this would give her the confidence to go ask Samson for a date. It was all practice, right? So in this way, Anthony had already helped her face up to some fears of hers and overcome them, even in a small way. Adriana would be proud. Was this the breaking of the ice that she wanted?
Then a small wave of embarrassment came over her. I was made so noticeably nervous by this hot tech that he asked me if I wanted to switch to a woman, she thought. Am I some kind of freakishly shy girl? Has that happened before? It was a day of firsts.
He was taking a long time checking the schedules so she settled back on the table, letting her muscles relax all over her body. She took some deep breaths on her own without the stethoscope. It was much more effective when she was doing it herself than with him in the room, she thought. Without the anxiety of an upcoming exam, she even let her mind start to wander about Anthony, the hot ultrasound boy. She imagined running her fingers through his hair, and him holding her, even leaning down to kiss her on the lips. Maybe she was back on her beach chair and he, dressed in a tuxedo tails with no pants, was holding a glass of champagne on a serving tray. This caused a small giggle.
She was getting into this enough that she didn't startle when he knocked quietly and came back into the room. She didn't even sit all the way up, but just tilted her head over towards him from her fully prone position on the exam table. He didn't seem phased. Maybe he was used to women lying down for him, she mused.
"Unfortunately she's out of the office next week—Gloria, I mean, she's the echo tech I mentioned—and Doc Michaels is on vacation the week after, but there is room the following week. Marsha does the scheduling out front. She's nice, and don't worry, it's totally normal for female patients to request a female ultrasound tech. Don't be shy asking, she won't give you any trouble about it." His face fell as he noticed her expression. "That doesn't work?"
"I'm only here for spring break through next week. I go to college in Ithaca."
"Oh. I see. Well . . . you could find a cardiac doctor up there at school. Or wait until summer if you'll be back then. Of course—don't mistake this for medical advice—but it would be unlikely for someone at your age to have an issue that would need immediate attention. Unless you started feeling some direct pain." He pointed to his own chest for emphasis.
"Thank you, but I promised my mother I would get this checked out soon. To put her mind at ease, after . . . you know, last week."
"After what happened to your grandmother, you mean? Ah, I understand. That makes sense." He looked at her prone, relaxed, on the exam table, and had an idea.
"If you don't mind, I can just check . . ." he said, and without asking permission popped his stethoscope back in his ears and reached over to aim the diaphragm towards her sternum. She didn't have time to answer before he put his other hand on her shoulder and told her to lean back. The cold metal hit her chest again in that gap up high between her breasts. "Now breathe deeply."
She was annoyed, but she complied. What was with the way medical people just assume they can grab you, she thought, and order you around, invade your privacy? He even brushed his arm against her gowned breast slightly when he reached over to scope her sternum. It was only a glancing touch, but it lit up her senses. He didn't seem to notice.
"Your heart rate is normal now. Relaxing on the table was a good idea. We could proceed with the exam. What do you think?"
She was caught by surprise, plunged back into that panicked feeling after the relief of finding safety. The bottom of her stomach fell out again. It's like in those horror movies, she thought, where they are running from the T-rex and they get away, and they look to the side and it's all clear. Then they look back to the other side and surprise! T-rex! Jump scare! Although in this case her dinosaur was a dark, deep-eyed man with a devilish smile, fantastic figure, and Southern European ancestry. Maybe he had the same T-rex unwavering gaze, though. It seemed that he was ready to get back to business.
She didn't know. She had really liked the idea of a female tech. It was a lifeline that was hard to give up, to go back to a guy, this guy, after being teased with that option. It must have shown in her facial expression.
"We're already a third done," he encouraged. He pulled the ultrasound wand out of its holster on the big machine in front of him and waved it in the air, showing it to her, like see, it's not so scary. She felt a little bit like a dog being allowed to sniff its collar before a walk: see, it's not so scary, come on and be a good girl!
"We just use the want to get the pictures; they show up over here." He pointed to the screen.
He seemed so eager to do his job. Speaking of dog analogies, she thought, he seemed like the puppy now, jumping up and down dying for its walk. And for some reason the part of her brain that was ready for adventure—the part that was trying to impress a non-existent Adriana in the room—combined with the other part of her brain that desired to go with the flow of things and not cause an exception, conspired so that she said, "Okay," before she could think twice about it.
"Great," he said, and flashed a smile. "Just lean back and I'll get the machine ready."
So suddenly she found herself back on the roller coaster. It was two parts being anxious and one part exciting. She looked over at his handsome profile while he typed in commands to the computer, took a big breath and waited for what was going to be next.
*****
Anthony
He checked other time slots for Ava, but nothing seemed to work for her. So when he saw her lying there prone on the table and looking a lot more comfortable than before, he decided to try a flier to check her heart rate. She surprised him by agreeing to continue the exam.
Obviously he was thrilled to be spending more time with Ava. Hadn't he given it a try, being the good guy, referring her to Gloria? But she had agreed to go on. To be able to give an attractive young woman an echo was a dream come true for a guy like Anthony working on old folks, day in and day out. He struggled to stay professional in these cases, but it was like putting some really good shit in front of a drug addict who was trying to come clean—there was no way they could refuse to take a few puffs. He did owe her a heads up to what was coming, though, now that she had agreed to continue.
"Ava, you remember how this exam went with your grandmother, right?" She nodded. "So you know that I'm going to be taking images of your heart. And even though, like I said earlier, it's not considered an invasive procedure, regarding the privacy aspects, I mean, I will need access to your chest."
She nodded again, with a little more hesitation this time. She hoped by this that he meant something brief and manageable.
He was eager to explain the procedure. "If you remember how this goes, first we'll set up a baseline EKG. That's an electro-cardiogram. The 'K' comes from the German spelling for cardio; sometimes people in the US call it an ECG. The ultrasound is an echo-cardiogram. So one is 'electro' and the other is 'echo'—but both measure your heart." She nodded at all of this. He was passionate about his job, it was clear.
"This type of EKG is an easy one, called a three-point, just three electrodes. I'll put those on your chest now." She held still and looked steadily at the ceiling as he opened up the sterile package and pulled out a little circular disc, one side covered in conductive adhesive and the other a small metal knob.
"Sorry, this will feel cold," he said, as he cleaned her skin with a rubbing alcohol gauze. The electrode went high on the right side of her chest. To do this he had to open the top of her gown and it revealed the curve of her breast; creamy skin with a faint tan line from a conservative swimsuit worn some time in the past. This girl really was shy; he noticed a small intake of her breath even for such a minor disrobing. He clipped the lead on and dangled the wire across her chest to the stand, and flipped her gown back in place.
The second one went low just under her left rib. Like the first, it also required him to uncover her slightly, this time from the bottom of her gown which exposed the smooth skin of her stomach. Again he noticed her beautiful olive coloring when he clipped on the lead, then covered her up.
He pulled the third disc out and peeled off its backing to expose the adhesive, holding it in front of her. "This one we call LA," he explained. "It's a bit more tricky, sorry for my reach here, it goes on the outside of your heart."
At that, he peeled down the left flap of her gown, further this time, exposing more of her breast but still no more than a formal evening gown would. And no nipple. He was curious about that but it would have to wait. The curve of her breast was beautiful, just as it would be in a low-cut dress, he thought, and the image of taking Ava out to a formal ball flashed through his mind. He made a mental note to get his tux cleaned; who knows, maybe he'd have a chance soon!
He turned on the EKG monitor and adjusted the display. Everything was fine. The continual oscillations of her heart showed that all the connections were good.
"Ava, before we start the ultrasound, do you have any implants?"
She thought about it, then pointed to her mouth. "You mean, like dental implants?" She shook her head. "I don't have any."
"No, I mean, uh . . . I'm talking about breast implants."
"Oh," she said quietly, embarrassed to have misunderstood him.
"Sorry, it's a standard question. The saline interferes with the scan. We can still get pictures, though."
She smiled a little and looked down at her chest. "No; no implants. I'm just . . . natural, I guess you say." Now it was Anthony's turn to blush a little, hoping that she didn't think he was taking too much interest in her breasts.
He spontaneously thought of something he could try. It was also out of the ordinary, but this whole situation was already getting off the rails. His enthusiasm over this woman on the table got the better of him and he blurted out. "We've got these eye masks, and some patients relax better if they put them on. Let me see if I can find one."
Before she could think about this and respond, he jumped up to dig a mask out of the cabinet drawer and swung back to her, abruptly stretching the bands over her head. It was a thick and black padded fabric that blocked out all light. She put her hands up to begin to protest but the mask was in place over her eyes in a moment and her hands were left in the air. She paused without saying anything, then lowered them to her sides in concession.
He looked down at this girl, lying quietly on the exam table in front of him, now with her eyes covered, her gown split open showing the midline of her chest and the top hem of her blue leggings.
What was he doing with the eye mask thing? Oh come on, he confessed to himself, he knew why he did it. There was only one reason and it wasn't for her benefit; it was so that he could perv on her more easily, and he scolded himself. But he just couldn't resist the temptation. Oh my God, he thought as he looked down, she is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. He started getting a hard on and noticed his hand itching to wander down there. No, he said firmly to himself. I'm not going to do that. No way. Keep it under control, fella.
Instead, he focused on the task at hand. "Ava, I'm going to start the first of four views I'll take. Remember the acoustic windows we talked about with your grandmother. This first one is called the parasternal long-axis view, PLAX we call it, and it shoots down from the top, here." He pressed his hand on the skin at the top of her chest.
She began to raise her hands to her head. Was the mask about to come off? He wasn't sure, but he surprised himself by reaching out to intercept her left arm and lower it back to the table.
"You can just relax and keep your hands by your sides for this one." After a brief moment of uncertainty, she laid her arms back to the table by her sides. She didn't put up a fight. It's amazing how people will obey when you have a confident, commanding tone, he thought with satisfaction.
He dabbed on the ultrasound gel and brought the wand over, pressing it into her upper chest. "Now give me a deep breath when I say. You'll need to breathe in and try to hold still for ten seconds while I get the pictures. Okay, ready? Now."
She dutifully obeyed, with her chest rising high on the intake and then freezing still. He took his eyes away from the monitor and watched her raised chest, breasts pushed up, straining against the fabric of the gown. He could make out the form of her nipples. He shook his head and looked back at the monitor to snap a few pictures before she let out the air.
While she recovered to prepare for the next breath, Anthony rested the weight of his arm across her chest. It's a bitch of being an echo tech, the danger of arm strain, and the number one reason people leave the career, so it was usual to rest at every chance. His forearm pressed down onto her breast tissue through the gown. He wasn't really trying to perv on her doing this, since it was normal procedure, but it felt pleasant to push down on her breast, and he liked how her tits bulged out a little. Then he lifted his arm up into the air again.
"One more time for me. All the way in. Good. Hold that still now." This time he finished capturing the pictures quickly and had time to gaze at her chest for a few seconds before letting her exhale.
"Now we're going to move to a second position." He put the wand back in its holster and reached over to wrap his hands around each of her arms, pulling up. "Roll onto your side, towards me about half way. That's right. And slide your left arm towards your head."
As she rolled up her gown fell open on her left side, and, because he had her arms pinned she couldn't reach over to close it. Most of her breast up to and including the edge of her nipple was visible. It was such a beautiful contour; her young breasts so taut and round.
He blinked a few times, and looked up to make sure the mask was still on securely. "Okay, very good, Ava, now just hold that position while I take some pictures in this window." She obeyed his breathing instructions again while he worked the scanner.
"The good news is we're half way done. We have two more views to take. The not-so-good news is those are the easy ones. Do you remember how we talked about your grandma having the 'glass window' that made it easy for me to take the pictures? Unfortunately, your case is trickier. Every person is different."
He waited to see if she had any questions, but she was silent.
"The third view is called the apical four-chamber acoustic window. This one comes in from the side and gives a great shot across all four chambers of the heart. That's why the doc likes it, but it's hard to capture well." He paused, thinking of how to best frame this next sentence. "I have to apologize in advance; some patients find that this one can be uncomfortable. It shoots into the heart from over the breast."
He noticed that Ava put her lips together and swallowed when he said that, but she didn't say anything.
"So we'll start, and you let me know if you get uncomfortable. Okay?" She nodded hesitantly. He waited to make sure she understood.
"Okay," she said quietly.
"So we'll keep you mostly in that same position, on your side, but tip you back a little bit more," and with that he reached out and pushed on her right shoulder to angle her body away from him. She felt that sense of falling backwards, tensing her ab muscles to stay balanced. He caught her shoulder and steadied her at the correct angle.
Because her left arm was stretched out by her head—pinned to the table by her weight and his grasp—when he tipped her, the side of her gown stretched open and her breast was uncovered. He felt awkward because it probably seemed to her like he intentionally popped her breast out by pushing her backwards. Her mouth opened and her tongue licked her lips nervously, but she didn't reach to take off her eye mask.
He stared at her full, round breast. This pose was awesome. He thought, with not a little guilt, essentially I've asked a pretty girl, hey, how about you strip to the waist for me, lie on your side, and lean back and arch your back and show me what you've got for tits?
Her dark pink areola was bold and gently sloped where it stood out from the curve of the surrounding tissue. He remembered his Tanner stages of human development: puffy nipples were a Tanner stage four that got stuck—a small minority of women didn't progress until their mid-twenties to stage five, when the areola retreats to the surface of the breast as a flatter, pigmented circle. Ava's stage four titties had the effect of making her look youthful, he thought. Preferences for puffy nipples among guys varied, but for him it was incredibly sexy—a quiet and shy girl with such bold nips was surprising somehow, and she also had a chunky papilla, the actual nipple bump with the milk ducts. Her tits would go well with his big dick, he thought idly as he sighed, filled with yearning to have this girl as more than a patient.
"Perfect, if you can hold it like that, I'll start making some passes," he said.
He applied a liberal amount of the acoustic gel onto the tip of the wand and swiped from the centerline of her chest at her neck down and to his right, across her breast. He stopped a couple of inches short of her delicate nipple. The next pass he approached more closely and she shifted her weight noticeably in response.
For a young woman like Ava with firm breast tissue, and in the supine position, the nipple sits up high on the chest, above the heart. He needed to get near it or at least around it to try to find the window, but the large size of her breast made this more difficult. It was tough engineering to bounce sound down to the heart and catch the reflection through all that tissue. She squirmed as he did yet another pass, getting closer to her nipple. Then on a pass from the midline—pushing hard so the wand bulged a wave of soft breast tissue ahead of it until it lifted up and then bumped into the areola up—he found her limit. She shifted her torso on the table.
"This is, um . . . it's a little uncomfortable for me," she said tentatively, apologetically.
"Yes, sorry, let me give you a moment and then we'll try to get the pictures. This is the toughest view." She instinctively put a hand over her naked breast when he pulled his wand away, breathing deeply to recover from his attention. He punched some commands on the console then returned to look at her. It was quiet in the room.
"So do you have any fun plans for the weekend?"
She closed her lips, turned her head towards him, formed a small pout, paused, and then as it became clear from his continuing silence that politeness demanded an answer, she started to say, "I . . ." but had to clear her throat. "I don't have anything planned." she said quietly, not inviting further discussion. Anthony tried to detect if she was annoyed. She hid it if so.
"If you're ready, I'll try to snap the pictures. This time hold your breath about half way, and try to stay very still."
"Okay," she said, but she hadn't moved her hand from her breast. Anthony waited. He knew that she understood what he wanted and there was no need to rush her. Finally her hand started to slide, then it was off her breast and back to her side. He heard her exhale as she raised her courage to expose herself for him again.
"Breathe in, and hold. Good." He brought the wand to her breast again, this time playing it directly to and over her nipple. The papilla popped down and back up again as he slowly ground the wand around on her nip.
"Hold very still," he commanded. "That's it."
She exhaled and before she could protest he ordered, "Once more please. In, and hold. Good." This time he started to the outside of the breast and ran the wand inwards, pressing hard, watching her firm tissue respond. When he approached her nipple he noticed that it was standing up, firm, erect. So tender and beautiful. Her body couldn't help respond to the stimulation. He ran the wand back and forth over her nipple slowly, teasing it, watching the pink skin depress ahead of the tip and pop back behind it. He was fascinated.
"Okay, let that out and breathe normally . . . This is a difficult case. I need to try that again with a different gel."
He moved off her body and put the wand back in the holster, pivoting to his screen. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Ava sit up on the table and yank off her eye mask. There was heat there in her expression. Oh shit, he thought. I let myself do too much there. He tensed up, anticipating that she would make the next move.
*****
Ava
That was too far. She had been barely holding it together for this exam; had even withstood showing her chest for this guy, out of medical necessity she assumed, but when he started rubbing his stick around her breast—was he just playing around with her tits?—that was past her limit. She was a good girl and did what she was supposed to, but this wasn't right. She had to see what this guy was doing; confront him and get to the bottom of his behavior.
She sat up quickly and yanked the mask off, but was surprised; the room was darker than she remembered. And it was quiet. It disoriented her. There the guy was at his station calmly typing commands and leaning in to examine the images on the screen. Images of her heart, they must be. She was ready to say something, give him a piece of her mind—just a moment ago she was sure he was feeling her up with all that poking on her breast and she was hopping mad.
But now her emotions were dissipating. The resolve to confront him was leaving her. What was happening? She knew herself, that she was often unassertive in cases like this, too willing to give the other person the benefit of the doubt. But damn it, he had done something wrong, so she screwed up her courage.
"Anthony. Look—" she started, in a confident, confrontational voice. She attempted to express her anger, but from what her mother and her sister said, even when she felt strong emotions, they didn't convey to the listener—somehow she was too nice, they didn't hear what she was trying to say. It had always been frustrating, people in her life not taking her seriously when she was upset. But she had caught this guy—this hot ultrasound tech, some kind of lady's man player—red handed, damn it, playing around with her boobs, taking advantage of her in a vulnerable situation, and he must face the consequences. She must confront him.
"Look," she said again, boldly. "Anthony, we need to . . . "
Her voice faded off as he ignored her. He was engrossed in the details of his computer screen, the moving pictures of her heart beating.
"It's not bad," he mused to himself, and then to her, as if she hadn't spoken at all, "You can look here, your apicals, they are fuzzy but I think we're close. Here, compare those to the first views we did. See how good those are?" Before she could proceed along the direction she had intended for this conversation, he pointed to other windows on the screen and she reluctantly followed along, seeing very clear images of her heart beating. She understood what he meant, that the latest images didn't have the clarity of the earlier ones.
She was confused. Had he been just doing his job after all? Was she overreacting? She had a hard time believing that, the way he seemed to be fondling her nipple just moments ago, but now sitting on the exam table clutching her gown over her chest, surrounded by all of this medical equipment and his fancy explanations, it was easy to be intimidated.
He continued. "This is the series I just took. This here," he pointed at a moving blotch in the video image, in the way only ultrasound techs can do it, making it seem like you are blind not seeing what they claim to see clearly—it reminded her of when she'd seen fetal ultrasounds where everyone else was raving but she couldn't see a single thing that looked human.
"That's your atrium, and over here is the ventricle. The pulsing is your blood. Pretty cool, isn't it?"
"Yeah . . . I guess," she said, her anger evaporating. She frowned in uncertainty, watching his face as he stared at the monitor intently, trying to problem solve the image quality. He was an attractive man when he was working. So serious. But what about wanting to ask him if what he had done to her was necessary? Would it be silly to challenge him now?
"The problem is it's only showing two of the four chambers. I know Doc Michaels wants the full heart imaged here."
He swung from the computer to face Ava. "The thing is, like I mentioned, for the apical series it's tricky to find the acoustic window. Different parts of the body, different people, the tissue varies widely." He seemed hesitant, even a little shy, to be discussing this with her. How did he go from playing with her tits to being embarrassed to talk to her face-to-face? "And women have quite different, you know . . . tissue." He pointed to his own breast for clarification.
"Have you heard of high-density versus low-density breast tissue?" He paused and she shook her head. "You have the high-density kind, and it makes diagnostic imaging more challenging. It means you have more functional breast tissue and less fat. It's something that will also affect your mammograms. Later in your life, I mean."
"Oh," she said with apprehension, not sure she was comfortable talking about her breasts with this man.
"Those are the cons. On the positive side, the high density tissue is firmer and holds its shape better, even with larger breasts." He blurted this out and immediately blushed red as he realized how that sounded to her.
When he delivered this line, her frustration about his behavior faded to amusement. "Oh, really?" she said aloud, smiling to herself a little. Did this guy just tell me I have hot tits? What would Adriana say if she could hear this, that I've just been told by the medical establishment that I have grade A breasts?
He reached to the shelf and pulled a bottle down. "So I'd like to try again with a different gel." She was uncertain and held still.
"We'll get the rest of your pictures done and then send you over to Doc Michaels."
She had intended to stop the exam, but somehow the way he appealed to her changed her mind. Should she let him railroad her? It didn't seem right, but she wasn't entirely sure of herself.
What the hell, she figured. Maybe he was just doing his job, or maybe he was playing with her. Would it matter once it was over? Would this give her something to brag about with Adriana, later? A small burst of confidence flowed in her and she thought, wasn't I looking for some kind of adventure?
She felt the eye mask still around her head, slack at her neckline. "Wait, do I still need this?"
"No," he said in a conciliatory tone. "Whatever lets you relax the best. We can check your heart rate again if you want, to make sure."
The way he said it sounded like too much bother. Okay, she thought, I give in. I'll be a good girl and go along with him. Whatever this hot guy wants to do with me, he will, and I'll just have it over with.
"Okay, I'll wear it." She lowered herself back to a prone position on the table and slid the mask up over her eyes, fixing how the straps ran over her ears. Even though she was annoyed at his insistence, actually the mask did help because it more easily let her get back to her beach fantasy. It was useful to disassociate from the reality of the exam room, now that she'd set the goal to tough this out.
Now where was I, she thought. The waves roll in, a gentle breeze is in my face, I'm an idle, rich woman who inherited a fortune and wondering how I am possibly going to spend it all, resting in my lounger under a large umbrella in the tropical sand. And a handsome man with dark eyes and a chiseled face leans down to attend to me, serving me champagne. I'm dressed in a fabulous bikini and cover up, just purchased from the most fashionable shop on the strand where all the women were jealous of how well it fit me. My servant is mesmerized by my beauty; he apologizes profusely when he spills the champagne because he can't take his eyes off me.
Okay, this is not bad. I can make this work, she thought.
Then she felt Anthony's hands on her shoulders, positioning her against some sort of wedge behind her to achieve the desired angle. Then his hands were on her gown, fumbling with the lapel, opening it. Her tension rose as she knew she was being disrobed again, her breasts to be put on display, but she channeled it into her fantasy instead.
"Ma'am," her handsome servant might say to her, reaching down to adjust her top. "This is a nude beach, we will let you get a good tan now. And what beautiful tits you have, ma'am, I must say you have the most exceptional breast tissue." She started to smile at her imagination, almost chuckled, then stopped herself. She hoped that Anthony was busy with his machine and didn't notice that.
"Ava," Anthony said softly. "Sorry to bother you. It looks like you are relaxed now, which is good. I'll change the gels and start again."
"Okay," she said dreamily. Do what you need to do, she added to herself. Her beach dream was calling her back, hard. She decided to give into it. And when she did something, she didn't do it half-assed.
Her servant was tending to her when she felt the pressure of alcohol wipes on her skin. "Yes, I do need sunscreen," she said to him in her imagination. "You can rub it all over. Don't forget my tits."
She felt the strokes go around her breast, closer to the tip each pass. Her nipple tingled, anticipating the touch. When it came, it was gentle, and pleasant, as her flesh was squeezed. A sensation ran down her spine. "Mmmm," she said.
Oh shit. Her eyes popped open under the mask in alarm. It was pitch black, not surprisingly. That was supposed to be in her dream world. Did she say it out loud?
*****
Anthony
I've been naughty, he thought. A bad boy, just like Nadine often said. Ungowning her was okay, running the wand on the skin of her torso was okay, but playing with her tits was definitely not okay.
He intended to be good from here on. For the rest of the exam he would go by the book. Get the apical and subcostal views done and get her out of here before he got in more trouble with this beautiful woman. But then she put the eye mask on again and lay back on the exam table, so peaceful, so perfect. Something seemed changed about her. A confidence, or a new state of relaxation she had put herself into.
When he stood next to her and reached down to prepare to redo her apical view, something happened. He couldn't explain. She was so attractive, the temptations of her curves so entrancing, that before he knew it he had flipped both sides of her gown wide open to expose her entire chest. Her breasts were full and round and naked before him. He shook his head in wonder. So much for his resolutions; he was like a chain smoker. In the same breath as he vowed to stop smoking he used the smoldering butt of the last cigarette to light the next one. Ava's beauty was too great for his self control.
Well, there she was, her body waiting for him, those tits right there so beautiful with creamy skin and pink nips. He got to work, wiping the old gel off her torso, noticing the way her firm tissue was resilient to his touch, enjoying the feel of her breasts. She didn't seem to be minding this nearly as much as before. What had happened with her? Just a little while ago she was a shy girl and now she didn't flinch when he spread her gown wide open.
Then when he was cleaning off her breast he heard it. A small hum came from her right when he was carefully pinching her beautiful, hardening nipple with the wipe; he might have even called it a slight moan. He looked at her face; her mouth showed the faint trace of a smile. Could he have possibly heard that right? It was more likely he was letting his imagination get out of control.
"Let's put this arm up by your head. That's it." He positioned her so that her left breast was elevated. "I'm sorry, this may tickle. Try to hold still. I'm going to scan from your side."
He squired a generous amount of gel onto the wand tip and ran it up from the lower edge of her ribcage, which generated the reaction he thought it might—it was tough to resist a squirm from a touch on that sensitive skin.
"Ava, you need to hold still for me." He leaned closely over her—her smell noticeable and sensual, and guessed that she was aware of him as well—and secured her arms with his own, pinning her to the table. There was a sharp intake of her breath as he held her, and then her hips tightened and flexed. His face was only inches from the smooth skin of her breast, taut and protruding towards him, nipple erect.
"There's one more thing," he said as he held her pinned. "I will need to adjust the position of your breast with my hand. I need you to give me permission for that."
Ava swallowed. "Okay," she said softly.
"I need you to say the full sentence, for our lab protocol."
There was a pause as she thought. "I agree you can use your hand to touch me. To touch my breast."
"Thank you. Breath normally, and take a deep breath when I say."
He released her arms and put the back of one hand against her breast, pushing up towards her midline, while he pressed the wand into her flesh with the other hand. He snapped a few ultrasound pictures.
Then he shifted his hand under her breast, violating lab protocol by using his palm instead the back of his hand to push upwards on her. His fingers touched down on her nipple and he got a few more good pictures aimed down to her heart from the underside of her breast. He manipulated her flesh left and right, palpating into it, letting his fingers scrape across her nipple as he did this.
She made another soft sound and he saw her hips gyrate. Her nipple was now hard as could be under his touch.
"Hold still, please," he commanded. He took a few more pictures with the wand.
There was one more thing to make this perfect. He was already well past the respectable zone, and he had thrown in all caution in favor of his carnal desires. What more could it hurt?
"We're almost done. Wait right there. You can breathe normally." He ran over to the cabinet, hoping she wouldn't move. Where was that thing? Ricardo was bragging about using it on a girl just recently. In the last drawer he found it, stuffed in the bottom: a bolster, like a firm pillow with one side flat and the other curved. He returned quickly to her side, almost tripping over a dangling treadmill cord in his eagerness. Jesus Christ, I've got to relax, he thought.
She was breathing heavily with her lips in a pout and making small movements with her hips, grinding her thighs together very slightly against each other. His eyebrows went up. What was she doing, was she getting turned on? Did he start this by massaging her tits so much?
"Sit up for me now." His arm went behind her to support her movement while he positioned the bolster on the table. "Yes, that's it. And this goes on the table, under your back, like that. Lean back now."
She started lowering to the table but hit the bolster half way down. "That's right, just lie down over it," Anthony encouraged. It was uncomfortable, and she stopped again, unsure how to move her body around this thing that was in her way.
"I don't know . . ." she said meekly, while trying to hold her shoulders and arms up off the table, defensively, around her chest. Her abs were tight like she was holding a crunch in a workout class.
"You're doing fine," he said as he leaned over her, putting one arm on each side of her chest.
"First we'll open this," and he flipped her gown, exposing her beautiful breasts again. "Then you go down like this," and he pushed her shoulders down to the table, overcoming her resistance, molding her torso in an arch over the bolster.
He stepped back to look. Beautiful. The poor girl was mounted awkwardly lying on her back, her tits sticking up wildly towards the ceiling. Her lips were trembling; even with her eyes masked she must have known she was spread out for him on display. A bead of sweat ran down from her temple.
He took a few more shots to finish out the subcostal view, up from the lower end of the rib cage, checking the screen to see that they came out well. His official work was done and in any regular exam he'd have left the room at this point. But he couldn't resist her beauty.
She lay there breathing quietly, light marks of perspiration on her face and the skin of her breasts flushed pink. He swung over her, so that his face was close to hers, and slid an arm under her back.
"Up you go now. Good." When she sat up he slid the bolster out and let it fall to the floor. Then he lowered her to a fully prone position, pinning her arms to the exam table. She hadn't made an attempt to remove her eye mask. He was close enough to smell her. His chest was only inches from her breast; he yearned so badly to have this girl.
"I used a lot of gel; I will remove it now."
She nodded in response.
Very carefully he wiped down her chest, starting from the sides and her pants line, moving across her abdomen and then up to circle her breasts. When he caressed her nipples she emitted a small moan and her hips twisted. It seemed like she was fighting the urge to grind her thighs on her pussy, she stretched her legs and contracted her buttocks. He finished with her neck and shoulders and put his face down near hers again.
"That's the end of the required procedure. You did very well." He pushed further.
"Ava, there's an optional procedure I'd like to perform . . ." he waited for any kind of reaction. She was still flexing her hips every few seconds. He couldn't read the expression on her face but she seemed calm. He didn't want to proceed without some kind of indication from her, but he thought she was taking forever. Her cheeks filled with air while she deliberated, and he tried unsuccessfully to guess what she was thinking.
Then she came to a decision.
"Do it."
As soon as she said it, the motion of her pelvis resumed, this time in a broader circle, and it didn't betray any shyness or hesitation. She wasn't hiding it, or embarrassed about it. It was smooth, confident, and hella sexy; she seemed calm and not in a rush.
But my God, he thought, now it was his turn to be stunned and completely without a plan. He had no playbook for this. He'd heard Ricardo brag about using the bolster or grabbing a woman's tit, but he had never known things to progress to this level in the exam room.
"Ava, you're going to have to help me with this one," he started. "Let's take your arms," and he gently pulled one of her hands and carefully positioned it around her breast, making a little triangle sticking out from her body with her upper arm, elbow and forearm. "And let's do the same over here," he repeated for the other side. She followed his movements without opposition, and he got up some courage.
"Now, you have to obey my command. Put some pressure down, like that," and he put his hands on top of hers and gently pushed downwards. Her hands were warm and her fingers slender; nails were manicured and polished a glossy dark red, and the sensual way she splayed her fingers across her breast was like an erotic art photograph. Anthony pushed down on her hands together to flatten her breasts.
"That's good. Now, I'll need a slow rhythm, like this." He pushed down, and released, every few seconds. On the down stroke, her breasts gently touched and then bulged together to form a line at the seam. Oh my God, as he felt his own bulge in his pants, he could have easily have taken himself to the end of the line right then, just watching this action in front of him. She thrust one leg down as far as it could go with the other knee up, then alternated, in an attempt to generate some friction at her pussy.
What should he do next? How to take her up a level, what would she want? The grinding of her thighs was an unavoidable hint, so he ran the palm of his hand down from her breasts across her stomach and over her leggings. They were thin, and tight, and already there was wetness coming through her panties so that he could make out the small bumps of her labia. He shook his head as he watched. This was some kind of dream, maybe.
As he put his hand gently onto her pants, her back and forth grinding increased and changed direction to push up against his hand. On every push up now she moaned quietly and continued thrusting her breasts flat against her chest. She hadn't changed the position of her hands, so on every push down her nipples were pinched and protruded up through the gap, making the most beautiful and sexual pink bumps.
"Ava, you must come for me now."
She stopped all movement. Shit! He must have startled her by asking for too much. He pulled his hand back from her pants, still touching but applying less pressure. The situation was on a knife edge. Was she going to pull off her mask and give him hell? The hell he deserved, he had to admit. He'd never taken these kinds of liberties before.
Then he saw it, a small grind of her hips again. He pushed down onto her pussy through those damp leggings, and she responded by pushing up against his hand again. In a moment the pressure was the same as before, then greater.
"Good girl. You need to have an orgasm." She moaned softly now, and he increased his pressure on her groin, feeling more details of her pussy lips with his fingers. His other hand went on top of hers, mashing her breasts down.
He had found that some women were like freight trains in sex. It took time to get them going, but then they were hard to stop. The Ava freight train was picking up steam. Her hands started mauling her own breasts now, more than he had done during the exam, and she squeezed tightly with her fingers around her nipples on every push.
He thought they went steadily like that for a minute, maybe? It was hard to tell time. But then he started to feel the tension plateauing, maybe even a little bit of a let off. He had to make sure she pushed through it. How conservative was this girl, did she even masturbate regularly? Maybe having an orgasm on demand was going to be hard for her.
"Ava, listen carefully." Her gyrations slowed in response, but she kept moving. "When I count to three, take a deep breath, and then you must lie perfectly still."
She moved gently and breathed in preparation while he counted "1 . . . 2 . . . 3," then she snapped her lips shut and her body stopped all movement.
"Good girl, that's perfect. Now stay absolutely still."
He put his hands on hers, lifting them to open up her chest. Her tits had red marks where she had pushed against them; her nipples were hard and flushed deep pink. He lowered his face and let his lips come closer and closer, holding her arms to the table beside her. She moaned in a plea, then he opened his mouth to take in her breast. He sucked deeply.
She twitched her legs. He pulled his mouth off her tit and said, "Stay still!" She stopped moving again and he moved down for a long suck on her other nipple.
"Good. Now you can breathe." He positioned her hands back over her breasts again. "Go,' he said.
It was like letting a tiger out of its cage. If she had reached a plateau earlier, she blew right through it now. The Ava freight train was going 100 miles per hour. Her body was grinding, shaking the table. Women had such deep sexual capability once it was brought to the surface, but he wondered why she hadn't come yet; he was already in danger himself and he hadn't even touched his own groin.
She vocalized audibly now on every twist, starting to repeat "Oh God" It wasn't loud enough for someone in the hallway to hear, but he was in a sort of state of shock at her behavior and hoped that she wouldn't begin yelling. His fingers probed across her leggings, over the bumps of her labia and into the seam of her vagina, pushing inside. My God this was a sexual woman. She was going full steam, but not getting all the way there. What the hell could he do to push her over the edge?
"You need to climax for me." he said sternly. There was no reaction. She was on her own schedule. 110 miles per hour.
"Ava, you need to climax for me," even more sternly. 120 miles per hour. he waited a few more pushes. He put more pressure through the pants fabric. She pushed back, hard. 130 miles per hour.
"Ava, you must climax for me," he repeated. He shook his own head to clear a drop of sweat on his brow, and his long hair fell down around her.
"Oh, God" she said more loudly and clearly, and then another "Oh, God!"
"NOW" he insisted loudly, and pressed and ground her pelvis tight against the table with his whole hand. He even swung some of his body weight onto her through that arm.
"God, I can't . . . do this!" The Ava freight train at 200 miles per hour was reached! Her body arched up off the table and she tightened her hold on her breasts. She held the position for a few seconds. Then she started shaking all over and let herself fall flat on her back.
"Oh, God" she said quietly, as she let out her breath.
He kept the pressure on her for a moment, then stood up and reluctantly released his touch on her pants and chest.
Wow.
He looked longingly at her beautiful form on the table. Her arms splayed wide, palms up, in exhaustion. Her breasts were flushed red, either from all the manipulation or the release of her orgasm, he couldn't tell. Her pants were soaked at her crotch. His mind was blown, associating this sexual dynamo with the shy girl he hardly knew, brought from the waiting room less than an hour ago.
*****
Ava
Ava lay prone on the table, in a daze, while Anthony put his equipment back in order, the dangling black cables back onto their posts and the ultrasound computer reset. As he turned and walked slowly to the door, Ava was still trembling on the bed, her hand over her groin and breasts, watching him. He approached the door and reached for the handle.
She had different, conflicting thoughts at that moment. It hadn't all made sense to her yet, both his behavior and her own response to it. But she didn't think it was right for this to be over. Something was missing.
"Wait."
He stopped and turned to look back at her, eyebrows up in curiosity. His face didn't give away any obvious emotions but he seemed to be in some amount of internal turmoil as well.
"Come back over here," she said. He didn't move and she realized it had come off stronger than she intended, too much like a command. She tried again with, "Can you come back over here, next to me, please?"
He shuffled slowly back, looking at the floor. He paused, then started, "Ava—"
She interrupted him with her hand outstretched, sitting up on the table. "My turn. Just wait a minute. I need to think."
He waited. She was trying to sort out her own thoughts, her own very personal reaction to the very personal events that had just happened in this room. With this man. Because of this man. She gathered her gown together around her so she could face him equally clothed, or at least almost equally.
"This was not ordinary. Right? This isn't something that just happens all the time?"
He looked up, surprised, and maybe hurt. "No, my God, Ava. I've never done that before."
"I want you to stand there. I want to look at you."
He seemed unsure of this. "Okay . . ." he said quietly. She looked him over, head to toes, and remarked again what a specimen of man he was. But something wasn't right. He was standing there in front of her, looking back at her confidently. This room was still his domain. She needed something else, a way to finish this experience the right way while she had the chance.
"Show me your stomach," she said. His look of surprise and her positive gut reaction to it told her this was the direction she was looking for. "Come on, I want to see your stomach."
"Ava, this is an exam room for patients." He looked at the door, panic coming into his face. He stammered, "If anyone walks in here and sees me pulling my shirt up . . . I don't know what I'll say."
That made her mad. She could feel the heat rushing to her cheeks. "What do you think happened in here just now? Or do you not remember what you did to me? What if somebody had walked in on that?"
"I know . . . that was— . . . I'm sorry."
"Anthony. What you did was very inappropriate. I think it's time for a little payback, now."
He still hesitated, unconvinced. This was the most assertive she had been in her life, but her confidence was growing by the moment and for once she didn't doubt herself. "Pull your shirt up. Actually, I want to see more. I'm going to ask you to pull your pants down, too."
"Ava, Jesus!" It was turning to panic now. He pleaded with his eyes.
"Anthony, you don't appreciate how serious this is. You should be fired for what you did to me. I could probably sue you. So you have no choice but to do exactly as I say."
"Fuck," he muttered, looking left and right in resignation, then reaching down to unbutton his shirt. Ava watched him. She'd had an orgasm in front of this man moments before, caused by this man, and it put her in a curious calm. One hand went to her own crotch to put pressure on her groin through her leggings while she watched him fumble with his shirt. A bead of sweat ran down his cheek as he pulled his shirt up and exposed his stomach for her. She noticed that he sucked it in as much as possible—it was an instinctive reaction to being exposed in front of a beautiful woman. She was pleased.
"Closer."
He moved towards the exam table so that she could reach out a hand and touch his abs. He was lean but the musculature was well defined. She traced the ridges horizontally with her fingers, in from the sides to the middle, then laid her palm flat onto the center, moving it in a bigger circle, feeling carefully as she went. This was a first—she had never touched a man like this before and it was intriguing. The flesh was so hard and firm, yet smooth. Was this normal or was he just athletic?
When he felt her touch, a curious thing happened. He felt the touch of love. It reminded him of the touch by his mother when he was younger. Not in a strange way that brought weird or conflicting feelings, but in an inclusive, nurturing way. The pressure was slight, and her movement gentle across his skin. It also was starting to turn him on, this gorgeous woman caressing him in his own exam room. Damn, he could feel himself getting an erection. We can't do this here, he thought; but it will be great for another time in private. The way she was behaving here, it looked like the adventure had been a success, and maybe that evening out with a gorgeous girl was in his future. He lowered his shirt over her outstretched hand and prepared to wrap this up.
Ava had other ideas. The hand on her pussy increased its pressure and it felt good. It was as if she had saved up all the repressed sexual energy from the past few years and now it was bursting to get out, and there was still a stirring down there from the memory of his touch moments ago. This was an opportunity. She had a one-free-pass card; she had paid for it and she intended to use it.
"Mister Anthony. You aren't near done yet. Pants down now."
"But Ava, we have to . . . I have to, I have another appointment." He was stammering again.
"Drop your pants for me."
"Ava . . ." he laughed nervously and then went quiet. "Oh my God, you're really serious?"
She sat up on the exam table and looked him in the eyes. "I am serious. Look, you did something . . ." she was tempted to say bad, illegal, immoral, wrong; but simply said, ". . . inappropriate. I want you to remember this. I want you to learn what it feels like to be on the other side of an examination. I am going to inspect you. Now drop those pants for me."
He realized he was fucked. If she reported anything of what he had done, not only this job but his career would be gone, and he'd be back to working one of those shit jobs. He did not want that. Badly. On the other hand, getting inspected by a gorgeous woman wasn't the worst thing in the world, either. He looked at the closed door to the room, thinking of someone walking in on them, but he had no choice. He gave in, smiled, and unfastened his belt to pull his pants down. "Okay Ava, you win. Jesus."
She watched his pants come off. He wore checkered boxers underneath. Was he aroused? Or at least something was going on under there. She was still horny but also a little uncertain where she was taking this. She had never seen a man's naked penis before in person and it was a little intimidating.
"Good," she said as he straightened up. "Let's fix a few details. Get this lab coat off. Yes, just put it on your chair. And give me your arms." She took his sleeves, unbuttoning the cuffs, and rolled up the fabric up to his elbows. She loved his strong forearms, how they tapered down to his smooth and powerful hands. For a moment she imagined him taking her, holding her against the wall, those arms pinning her tight, while his mouth searched her neck for sensitive spots, breathing on her, kissing. She swooned and closed her eyes at the thought, and her pussy burned between her thighs; hold it together, Ava, she told herself, this is the part when I'm in charge.
He was now standing in front of her, wearing only an unbuttoned, collared shirt—open all down the middle to show his beautiful chest—and boxers. She held his hands in hers, palpated them, then moved them up to his head. She loved to feel his shape, the curves of his shoulders and then slowly down his chest, slipping under his shirt to surround the cylinder of his torso with both hands, gliding back and forth to take it in. It was smooth and well-muscled.
When she came to the waistband of his boxers, she slipped her hands just under the lip and ran around the full circumference to the top of his ass. He was watching her very carefully with a combination of emotions: fascination, anxiety, lust. Something was still not right. She looked around and found what was missing. She fetched it from where she had discarded it on the exam table.
"Here, you need to wear the mask."
His eyebrows went up in further surprise, but he acquiesced, shrugging as she came close to his face and tucked the mask around his head.
There, that was better; now she could relax without him watching her. She took a moment to stand back and take in this beautiful man in front of her, ready to do as she asked. She traced his cheekbones with her fingers, running down to his chin, then off under his shirt to feel his shoulders, and down again to her favorite part, his rippling abs. This time as she probed the ridges and let her hands wander under his boxers, she watched his face carefully. His delicate lips quivered slightly, and as she felt his skin his tongue darted out nervously.
"Anthony, it's time for your inspection." As she had been touching him, it was hard not to miss the growing protuberance under his loose boxer shorts. She was turning him on, whether he wanted it or not, and knowing this also turned her on. Freed from his gaze, she let one hand wander to her own chest, holding a breast tightly then tweaking her nipple, while the other hand ran over the outside of his boxers to feel his shape through the fabric. She was out of her depth here, having no experience with guy's dicks—it was obviously going to be a big thing sticking out, but exactly how it looked and connected to the other parts she wasn't sure. That wasn't going to stop her from learning, though, and here was a student ready to teach her.
"Are you ready?" She crouched down in front of him, her hands flat against his thighs at the lower hem of the boxers. She twisted the fabric around her fingers.
"Yes, ma'am."
She pulled downwards, slowly. At first the slack went tight across the front of his groin, showing her more of his shape. Her eyes went wide as she realized this was a big organ she was flirting with. Then as she continued pulling towards his knees, the top hem dropped to expose his pubic hair, then it caught on his erect dick. This wasn't as graceful as she'd imagined, but she kept pulling and the elastic pulled his dick down as it got stuck. She tugged in little bursts to get it free of his dick, and a length of the shaft was exposed. Finally just the tip was snagged, but then it popped free and the boxers were off. She was leaning in towards him, so the thing almost swung back to catch her in the face when it broke free.
A smile of surprise went across her face as his dick oscillated up and down inches from her face. What in God's name are you doing, Ava, she asked herself. But there he stood, naked as a bird now, and aside from the wiggling dick he was holding still. It really was a free pass that she had. She had told herself just a few days ago that she wanted to try something with Samson in her lit class. How likely was it that he would submit himself to this kind of lesson for her? Actually, she laughed inwardly, as she realized Adriana would say, a lot of guys would be more than willing to give me this lesson.
Anthony's penis came to a standstill, sticking out from his pelvis at an improbable upwards angle. It was huge. This is what guys walk around with all day long in their pants? Jeez, she thought. No wonder they are so horny all the time, staring at girls and rubbing their crotches. She had an unexpected sympathy with them as she felt the heat in her own groin. She let her fingers wander around down there and even slid her hand under her own leggings waistband, as she looked at this man's dick. Where to begin? First she slid his boxers all the way to his ankles. That was properly humiliating.
Then she decided to go for it, and wrapped her fingers around the head of his penis. She lifted it up, watching to see how the testicles were fastened on there; they protruded outwards as his dick went up in the air. She didn't know what to expect regarding hair, but was pleased that he had groomed nicely around the whole area. It wasn't bare skin like a baby which she thought would be weird for a grown man, but he had trimmed the various parts so that it looked good.
"Do you keep this clean?" Ava tapped the head of his penis.
There was a pause. Ava guessed that he hadn't expected things to have gone like this, but based on his rock hard dick she concluded that he wasn't entirely against this direction. "Yes, ma'am, I do."
She pulled his dick all the way to the left, and then back to the right, watching the shape of his other parts move with it. His balls needed some attention, she decided, so she pulled her hand out of her pants to cradle them. She squeezed lightly and felt their weight.
"Okay, that all looks good. Turn around for me."
He complied and she slid her hands around from his pelvis and grabbed his ass, squeezing hard. It was firm and, not surprisingly, well-muscled like the rest of him. This was unexplored territory and she had an idea. She patted him on the rump and said, "Bend over for me."
He was beyond protesting, so he did as he was told. She let her hands wander all over his ass, feeling every contour. This may be hotter than his dick, she thought, running down to his hamstrings and around to the front of his thighs, then back again up to his groin.
"Ava," he said, in a plea. "You are a sweet girl. Prettier than average, even—"
"Sweet girl?" she interrupted, her anger rising quickly, the red rushing to her cheeks. "Prettier than average? You bring me in here, to your little lair, you strip me and fondle me, you make me orgasm. And now you say I'm sweet and just like your other girls?"
"No, that's not what I said—"
She was mad now. "You haven't learned your lesson, have you? Be quiet now. I'm going to teach you some humility."
She felt around his ass again and even ran her hands in to pry open his ass crack. This was curious. She opened it wider so she could see more, and he made a small sound.
Fuckhole. That was the word Ava had heard Adriana use once, when she was furious at a boyfriend's break-up with her. She had yelled at him to stick something up it, then slammed the phone down. Ava remembered her shock, and her mother's who also overheard the outburst; Adriana was grounded for a week.
She looked down at the little pink pucker of Anthony's anus, quivering as she stretched his buttocks open. To be honest, Anthony, in this situation I could put whatever I want into your fuckhole, and you couldn't do anything about it, she thought, looking over to see the ultrasound wand. Would that fit? It seemed too big. Maybe the prostate scan will have to wait until another time, she decided, and let go of his ass.
She had another idea. She spied what she wanted on the counter.
"Next we are going to test your function." She looked at him, waiting for her, submissively. What the hell. Let's do this, she thought. "Show me how you masturbate, please."
"Ava! What?" His alarm was back.
"Yes, you heard me. And I do prefer 'ma'am' to Ava. That was a nice touch."
He was quiet again for a moment. Then he shook his head in resignation and muttered, "I can't believe . . . Jesus Christ . . . Yes, ma'am."
His hand lowered from his head and went into a familiar position at his groin. She peeked around carefully to see how he grasped the base of the shaft and tightened his grip, squeezing as he moved upwards towards the head. He moved slowly and Ava saw his cock grow in size with each manipulation. Her own groin tightened and she thrust a hand back under her waistband to touch herself. Oh God, that felt good while watching him.
"That's good. Thank you," she said as she took hold of his hand which reluctantly loosened its grip on his dick, and moved it upwards. "That goes back up there. Your part is done."
Anthony's dick was quivering with the stimulation, thrusting out to nowhere again, cruelly teased. Was it a little wet there at the tip, she thought?
"Give me a squat, now. Nice low squat."
While he crouched down, balancing himself for that with his knees wide, she stepped to the counter. An empty clear plastic cup had been left by the sink. She swiped it and returned to her position behind him, and low, looking between his legs. His dick wasn't visible from her vantage point looking at his ass and balls; it must still be aiming out to his front, eager for action, she mused.
"Okay, we're going to bring that down here now," she said as she fished up between his thighs and up past his balls, grasping the shaft and levering it down towards her. It was a big sucker and she pulled the whole thing down so it was aimed at the ground between his feet. He rotated his hips back to reduce the tension on his dick in that position. He'd never had a handjob squatting like this.
"Good. Now we're going to check how well this equipment works." Her hands weren't used to the motions, but she set the cup down between his feet, directly below his dick, and started feeling him, all the way from the base to the tip of his penis, like she had seen him do to himself. It was a living organ; as she massaged it she could feel the tissue respond with the blood flow she was causing.
"Keep your hands up there. I'll do this," she said as he attempted to lower a hand to adjust his dick.
She experimented with different rhythms and wondered what was working best. Is this what milking a cow would feel like, she wondered? Long pulls down, alternating hands. At the tip she would squeeze extra, and shake it a little, then return to the base. When he moaned softly, she decided that was the best motion, so she continued that.
"Okay, mister. Time for you to come for me now. You remember this game, I'm sure." She pulled down on his dick. As he squatted lower the tip came close to hitting the floor beneath him, between his feet where she had the cup. "Don't be shy, you can do it. I will measure how you perform for me."
He moaned now each time she drew downwards on him. "Fuck . . ." he muttered. The position was awkward, something he'd never experienced before, standing up in a squat, his dick folded down under him like this. But her touch was amazing, and hotter because she was reaching to him from behind, under his ass. She didn't stop; her rhythm was continual, consistent, sensual. This was better than any handjob he'd ever gotten before. He stopped trying to resist the orgasm. "I'm going to come, Ava."
"That's a good boy, you can do it for me. I've got a cup for you to go into. We'll see if you can fill it up."
He groaned loudly now and felt the orgasm building past the point of no return. There was no stopping it now. He hoped to God that Nadine didn't walk into the room. She hadn't even seen a bad boy yet if she hadn't seen this.
"Go Anthony. Show me how you do it."
He clenched his hips as his dick went hard for a final thrust down, and Ava tightened her grip in response to what she was feeling. Her other hand went to palpate his ass and push him over the edge. Then it started. All the build up of the past hour, all the teasing, all the lustful thoughts he'd had while giving Ava the examination and more. His pelvis started shaking and his legs, weak with holding the squat joined in.
Ava grabbed the cup and brought it towards the head of his dick as it exploded with white cum. She'd never seen this before and was amazed at how tense his body was, focusing all of its energy down to shoot out his seed. Most of it went into the plastic cup. It shot several times in big gushes, then she squeezed up and down to wring out some last little spurts. She wondered what that would feel like if the guy was inside her.
"I think you passed the test."
"Fuck, Ava, what are you doing to me?" He said it while aimed away from her, naked, standing up from the squat, then he laughed. "I got to get dressed before someone walks in here. Jesus Christ."
She looked at the cup, tilting it from side to side. "You produced a lot of semen," she said analytically, while he pulled on his boxers and pants, wiping his dick quickly with a paper towel. He paused and looked over at her. His face went uncertain.
"I am done, right? We are even now?"
"I don't think I would say even, but I will not report you, if that's what you're asking. I think you learned your lesson."
"Thank God. I will let you dress, then. I have to walk you to Doc Michael's office. You are still at a doctor's office, remember?" He smiled meekly at her, then finished dressing, rinsed his hands at the sink, and moved towards the door. "I'll be outside, just come out to the hallway when you are ready."
The door clicked shut and she sat, thinking. What an hour this was for her. She went from a trembling, shy girl to a femdom commando, and smiled, shaking her head. Who would have thought that was possible? Adriana said I needed something to break the ice. The ice has been broken!
She followed Anthony's example to clean up herself at the sink with paper towels, and dressed. Everything back to normal, she thought, except when she pulled her sweater up there was a big damp spot on her pants at her groin. Well, the sweater can stay down, she figured. Nobody has to see that.
She moved a hand back to her pussy and rubbed up and down on her labia through the thin fabric of the leggings. The sensations were still lingering from her own orgasm followed by watching Anthony's. This is one to remember, she thought, as she looked around at the dingy room for a final time.
*****
Anthony
He waited in the hallway, thinking. That was unlike anything he had experienced in his life. She opened the door of the echo room and stepped out, not looking at him, wearing her sweater, leggings, and sandals, and looked as neat as when she had arrived an hour earlier.
He didn't know what to expect, but given all that had just happened, he guessed that the best thing was to try to play it cool. He paused to see if she wanted to say anything. She was standing right at the lab door, looking down and away from him.
"You'll see Dr Michaels next, in room seven, follow me this way."
They walked straight down the hallway past a few other doors. Anthony could hear the soft click of her sandals behind him. The other exam room doors were closed, and he didn't see anybody else in the area except for Marsha and the other women at the reception desk way down the hall, behind the closed glass windows.
"This is your room." He stopped to twist the door handle and push the door open a bit, and turned to face her. She was looking right at him. Her direct look said very clearly that she was done being embarrassed for today. Maybe forever. And that she had put her previous shy-girl behavior somewhere deeply inaccessible.
"About my fluttering, do you think I have AFib?" She asked in an all-business voice.
He was glad that she spoke first. He let out a deep breath that he didn't realize he was holding in. If she hadn't said anything right then, he was afraid today's memory would haunt him for the rest of his life, his crazy behavior in that room. He had sobered up enough from the experience to realize the potential impact of what he'd done, and to know that he deserved whatever consequences were coming, including getting fired, or that this girl would never forgive him and hate him forever. The second seemed worse.
For her specific question, though, he had a standard response, once he cleared his throat and down-revved his mind to talk about health care again. Just a few minutes ago he was getting a handjob and cumming into a plastic cup, and moments before that ordering this beautiful woman to orgasm while he grabbed her breasts and groin. He even sucked on her tits, which already seemed unreal. Was it real?
"In our positions as techs, they indoctrinate us in this idea of 'know your scope.' It means our job is to take the scans, but even if we can see what's going on, we can't do any diagnostic analysis and we can't communicate it to the patient. You have to ask the doctor for the result."
Before she could react to that, with the invariable disappointment and frustration every patient shows, he leaned towards her and lowered his voice, and added, "But you looked fine."
He realized that wasn't the best way to word it, slapped his hand to his forehead for a moment and then swung it out towards her. "Your heart, I mean. Your heart looked fine. I mean, the rest looked fine, too." He smiled weekly.
She looked directly up at him and cocked her head to the side. Her hands went to her hips and made little fists against her hips. "They teach you, in your ultrasound school," she paused a second and looked around the empty hallway, and then said each word separately, "To know your scope?" As she said this, she raised both her eyebrows and brought her chin down, never taking her focus from my own eyes.
He opened his mouth to say something, but was at a loss for words. It was his turn to be embarrassed. His face flushed a deep red and he looked down to the floor. He was confused. He wanted to apologize. He wanted to thank her. Maybe he wanted a thanks from her. He wanted to tell her she was the sweetest, kindest, sexiest girl he'd ever met. He wanted . . . just more of her in every way possible. He looked back up into her unwavering gaze.
"Ava . . .'' he hemmed, "You're beautiful . . ." He started again,"If—"
"Anthony!" she interrupted his daydream with a firm tone.
She had her arms folded resolutely across her chest.
That was his last look at this perfect, adorable, innocent, peeved, and yes, incredibly sexy girl.
She reached her slender hand out to touch his temple with her fingers just reaching into his hair, and caressed in one motion down to my chin.
"Goodbye, Anthony," she said slowly and deliberately, withdrawing her hand, and disappeared into room seven.
He watched the door shut behind her. He thought about all her delicious curves and pouting mouth. He thought of her dark eyes and her smirk, and the way she had flipped to control him in part two of their adventure together. But beyond that, he thought about her kind personality, how she cared for the people she loved, her politeness and loving.
He knew it was a long shot to get Ava. He wanted her desperately, and would give all of his effort to woo her. To make up for today. But if he couldn't have her, he now knew what kind of woman he wanted, what was possible, what he needed for his life. And what he could provide to her in return.
It was time to go get her, whoever she might be.