It was the second day of our honeymoon, and life was good. Ben and I arrived at our villa in the Caribbean yesterday morning, spent the day in bed and by the pool, and I surprised him with my sexiest lingerie and a moonlight fuck that some of our fellow guests got to see.
The following morning we slept in, and Ben made me breakfast and mimosa's then went to the gym while I laid out by the pool. Our next door neighbors that had been outside the previous night were outside again, and were poorly attempting to hide the fact that they were checking on me, likely to see if they were going to get another show. We had never had sex in public before last night, but I found it thrilling. While the neighbors wouldn't get a show at that moment, I admit the idea of giving them one later was turning me on earlier in the morning than usual.
After an hour or so Ben came back and we decided to head to the outdoor shower. We stripped down, and I immediately noticed his post-workout body. He was in great shape, with the lean but defined body of a soccer player which is exactly my type. His chest and arms were still swollen following his workout, while his thick cock hung low and tempted me.
Not to brag, but I looked damn good too. I got myself in shape to fit into my wedding dress, was a proud owner of perky 34C fake boobs, and have always been told (especially by Ben) that my legs and ass are my best feature. Looking down I was a little mad at myself that I had tan lines from my bikini, but other than that I knew how good I looked.
Ben was under the showerhead lathering up his hair, and while his eyes were closed my eyes went down to his cock. While I don't love giving blowjobs, Ben loves it and it is so sensual to feel his member grow inside my mouth. Plus, admit that I crave how much power I have when I give him one.
I went down on my knees and put my hands on Ben's legs, and as the warm water poured down his chest and over his cock I slowly took him inside my mouth. The head of his cock was swollen, and I ran my tongue around it a few times before taking his shaft. I could feel his heartbeat through his cock, and with each beat it grew more engorged in my mouth.
He quickly grew rock hard, and I began taking him in and out of my mouth while teasing his balls. I sucked his cock with long, slow strokes, stopping every few strokes to pay extra attention to his swollen head. His cock wasn't huge, but it was perfect for me. I am small, barely over 5 feet tall, and his cock was a thick 6" that filled my entire mouth. When he was fully inside me, I couldn't help but gag a little.
I wanted to get mine too, so after a couple minutes I released him from my mouth as I didn't want him cumming just yet. As I stood up he firmly grabbed my hips and turned me around. With my hands against the wall of the shower and the sun beating down on me, the warm water poured over my body as I awaited him.
He grabbed my waist with one hand and slid his engorged cock into my pussy with the other. After his swollen head was inside me, he grabbed me tightly with his other hand before thrusting deep inside me.
The warm water, open air and sun were all so sensual, and with Bens strong hands taking control of me while his thick cock fucked me, I couldn't help but feel an overwhelming sense of arousal. I threw my head back and savored each thrust.
As he fucked me from behind I could feel an orgasm begin to build. I lowered my hand between my legs to put myself over the top. After a few more thrusts we both began to climax at the same time. I felt his cum pump deep inside me as my fluids rushed out. We both moaned loudly into the open air, and he wrapped his arms around me tight as we came down from our high together.
It was a perfect quickie to start the day, but the best was yet to come.
-------------------------------------------------------------
The early afternoon heat was too much for us, so we sat under the umbrella rather than getting sun. We enjoyed ice cold champagne and talking about nothing. It was great to finally be here, and I never wanted to leave.
I polished off a whole bottle of champagne as the sun began to lower, and liquid courage eventually set in such that I said screw it and decided to finally get under the sun. I had a black strapless bikini on so I wouldn't get tan lines, with a skimpy matching bottom. I put some low SPF lotion on so I could get a tan but wouldn't burn. Ben gladly helped me with my back, and copped a feel or two on my front. I laid out on my back and took a sigh of happiness.
After awhile I looked around and realized that what the hell, I was in the Caribbean, thousands of miles from home, and half of our fellow guests saw us fuck the prior night anyways. So I took my bikini off and laid out completely naked under the sun so I wouldn't have any tan lines. It was a liberating feeling, and not something I had ever done before. Ben was still under the shade, and gave me an approving whistle.
After a few minutes I began to feel more and more excited about laying out fully exposed. The warm sun beating down on every inch of my body was very sensual, and I began thinking about my boudoir photoshoot. Much like now, I was on display, completely exposed and vulnerable. It was a deeply arousing feeling, and like at the boudoir shoot I could feel myself getting wet.
I could also feel that I was being watched. Not just by Ben, but by our neighbors. They were a young couple that were clearly more modest than us, but I cracked open my eyes and saw them peering through the fence at me.
I began to get more and more stimulated by my surroundings. The warm sun heated my increasingly bronzed skin while the soft ocean breeze cooled me off. I began to think about our passionate fuck the night before, about Bens muscular body and swollen cock this morning in the shower. The more my mind raced, the more I could feel myself getting wetter.
I didn't know it, but Ben couldn't help himself either. When I didn't think I could take it anymore I opened my eyes and saw him walking towards me while stroking his thick and fully erect cock. He knelt down in front of me, grabbed my legs with his strong hands and lowered himself down to me.
He slowly kissed my thighs, and with his tongue licked the fluids beginning to slowly seep out of my shaved pussy. I pulled back my pussy lips, and he slowly inserted one finger, then a second inside me.
Ben is a master with his hands and mouth, and the anticipation began to build. As he hooked his fingers inside me, with his mouth he began teasing my clit. He slowly applied more and more pressure, taking me closer and closer to climax.
I could feel an orgasm beginning to build. I panted faster, and clenched seemingly every muscle in my body tighter and tighter. When Ben could tell I was on the edge, his tongue pressed hard against my clit and put me over the top. My entire body climaxed, shaking while I moaned into the Caribbean air. I held tight onto the lounge chair and bucked through my orgasm, and could feel my fluids filling my inside and pouring down my legs.
After a minute my body began to relax, and I was finally able to open my eyes. Ben was looking at me, waiting for me to come to with an almost animalistic look in his eyes. I could tell I was about to get fucked, and fucked hard.
He reached his arms under my legs and pulled me aggressively to the end of the lounge. He leaned over me gripping my waist hard with a primal look in his eyes, and I got an almost nervous feeling where I knew I had no control. I instinctively and submissively opened my legs, waiting for him to fuck me.
Sweat was beading up on his swollen chest, his arms and shoulders were flexed as he gripped me. His chiseled abs gave way to fully erect cock, and in ecstasy I watched as he plunged into me with a single thrust.
We both screamed into the ocean air, and I extended my arms behind me so I could hold on to the back of the chair and keep Ben from fucking me off of it. With my torso stretched, my tits bounced with each aggressive thrust.
The sound of his body pounding into mine echoed loud, and I was sure our neighbors and the other guests were aware. With Ben's chiseled body and perfect cock fucking my tan body and perky tits, I knew we looked amazing to anyone lucky enough to see us. And knowing we had people watching aroused me even more.
After thinking about all the onlookers I came too, looked up and saw his thick cock move aggressively in and out of my cunt and felt the nearing of my third orgasm of the day.
I could tell Ben was close too, as he removed his hands from my waist, leaned his muscular body over me and wrapped a strong arm under my back. He leaned close over me, holding me tightly and looking at me with the same primal look. I wrapped my legs tightly around his waist and moaned loudly for him to cum inside me as I began to climax.
Ben grabbed the back of my head, pressed his chest against mine and buried his cock deep inside me. I felt his cock pulse, and stream after stream of cum poured into me. The feeling of his cum flooding my insides put me over the edge, and an orgasm ripped through my body. I screamed into the ocean air, my pussy convulsing around Ben's cock while cum again poured down my legs.
We kissed passionately, seemingly extending our already powerful orgasms. After several minutes we both began to come down, and I felt an overwhelming sense of satisfaction, passion and pure sexuality. As we held each other, we both heard a noise from next door.
We glanced up, and through the fence we could see our neighbors. She had her hands on the fence, and he was fucking her from behind. Ben and I looked at each other and laughed, happy we could put on another honeymoon show for the neighbors.