THE FOLLOWING DAY
Whenever Janine felt the soreness in her nether bits the day after the striptease her mind kept wandering to the comment that Sally had made to her during the strip tease on the deck. Janine had said that: "It must be absolutely fantastic to have the courage to get on a table in front of so many strangers and unabashedly take your clothes off. And then to have all eyes on you in admiration and adoration."
Sally replied matter of factly to her comment by saying that: "It's an indescribable feeling."
It was as if Sally knew what it feels like to be the object of desire. What it feels like to be naked in front of many people -- as if Sally had experienced it firsthand.
Janine realized that she knew very little about Sally. She had met Sally a little over two years previously when Steven married Sally and brought her from the nearby city Johannesburg to come and stay on the farm. Since Steven and Greg are good friends and business partners, Janine and Sally had no choice but to become friends. Their husbands not only worked together but they also spent lots of their free time together. Over weekends they spent many hours together. The men usually did a BBQ and the women lounged in the sun and working on their tans. Over the last two years Sally had been very secretive about her life in Johannesburg and how she and Steven met.
Janine passed the pool area on her way to the kitchen around 08:00 the following morning. She heard voices from behind a wild strelitzia grove and went closer to investigate. She saw one of the new guests, a man who from the grey in his hair appeared to be in his sixties sitting on a sun chair. The man was more than 6" tall and well built, not only for a man in his sixties, but in any terms. He had wide shoulders and obviously spent a lot of time in the gym toning his taught muscles. He didn't have the proverbial "six pack" abdominal muscles, but there was no beer belly either. She promptly dubbed him Mr. Big.
With him was a dark haired girl, who Janine got to know as Michelle the previous evening. She seemed to be in her early twenties and had a tight young body and olive skin that appeared silky smooth. They were both dressed in swim clothes. He was dressed in trunks and she in a bright red bikini.
Michelle was gently massaging Mr. Big's shoulders while he sat on the edge of the chair and she stood between his legs. She started to sway a little from side to side, although there was no music playing. Taking her hands away from his shoulders she started to remove her bikini top while stretching and swaying seductively. She reached behind her back with both hands to untie her bikini top and took it off. Dangling the top from one hand, she walked away from Mr. Big and straight towards Janine who was hiding behind the Wild Strelitzia grove. Michelle moved a few paces to where a towel was lying on the grass and dropped her top onto the towel. Her nubile A-cup breasts stood high and proud on her chest. Her dark brown, almost black areolas and nipples were puffy and pointing skyward. After dropping the top Michelle turned back to Mr. Big and started walking back to him.
Mesmerized by the erotic scene Janine watched as Michelle next removed her bikini bottoms and repeated the walk to the towel and back. Both Janine and Mr. Big had an excellent view of her front and rear when she walked over to the towel. There was a little triangle of short dark pubic hair just above Michelle's shaven pussy that covered only part of her mound. Her round hard ass protruded slightly backward like that of the Mediterranean woman.
Janine's instinct urged her to turn and run as fast as she could before she was discovered, however her excitement and curiosity defeated her fear. She forced herself to relax and kept on spying on the couple.
Now totally nude Michelle stood in front of him and allowed him to look at her and admire her young body. She slowly turned away from him. She was now facing Janine. She bent over ever so slowly; her naked ass and pussy were almost in Mr. Big's face.
"Take off your clothes," she said and for a terrifying moment, Janine thought Michelle had spotted her and was talking to Janine.
Mr. Big eagerly got up, almost jumped to his feet and started yanking his shorts off. Janine sighed with relieve. She was surprised to find that she also felt a bit of disappointment, because she suddenly had the urge to be naked and for Mr. Big to appreciate and desire her naked body. Michelle turned back and Mr. Big and she were now face to face, both totally naked.
Last night's show was almost forgotten by Janine. For the first time in her life Janine was about to witness a man and a woman have sex in front of her.
Mr. Big's cock was hard and pointing at Michelle. As she moved closer to him, she took his stiff cock in her hand and started to slowly stroke it.
Janine was mesmerized as if frozen in time. Janine had never seen a cock that size before. In fact it was only the third real life cock she had seen. Apart from Greg's cock she had only seen one other and that was in her senior year of high school.
Charles a boy in her class and Janine were friends since kindergarten and got used to remorselessly teasing each other about sex. There was an attraction between the two of them, but it seemed that both of them were too shy to make the first move. The teasing became increasingly daring until one night at a friend's party. They each had some beers and on their way home on the back seat of his car she lost her virginity. The whole affair was hurried and she only got a glimpse of his cock. It was much smaller than Greg's and certainly a whole lot smaller than Mr. Big's. Michelle was holding onto Mr. Big's cock like she never wanted to let it go. Without releasing his cock she pushed him onto the sun chair. She continuously pulled and stroked his cock with slow deliberate strokes and from time to time she twisted her hand around it.
Michelle knelt down between Mr. Big's legs without relaxing her strong grip. Janine saw her putting something into her mouth with her other hand, but couldn't see what it was. Michelle bent her head down and took Mr. Big's massive cock into her mouth. She slowly sucked the head of his cock into her mouth. She moved her head up and down over the head and shaft of Mr. Big's cock until it almost went down her throat. She sucked him and licked him and tickled him with her tongue, teasing and tormenting him for what seemed to be forever. Mr. Big was moaning and whimpering like a hungry little puppy. He was obviously enjoying what she was doing. When she eventually pulled her mouth off of him, he was wearing a condom. A shudder ran through Janine's body. "How cool is that?" she thought to herself. Michelle got up and straddled Mr. Big's body.
Janine strained herself to see every detail.
Michelle lowered herself and sat on his hips. She guided his cock into her pussy and it completely disappeared into her pussy. Next she raised herself up from Mr. Big's giant stiff dick. Just before the head of his cock appeared she lowered herself back down.
Janine felt her own wet pussy tingling and twitching as she watched them.
Michelle whispered something to Mr. Big before getting off of him. His donkey dick was standing upright like a flagpole glistening in the early African sun with Michelle's pussy juices. She walked over to the towel and got on her hands and knees. Mr. Big followed her and knelt behind her.
Their new position obstructed Janine's view, but she could still see their facial expressions. She heard them grunt when he put his huge cock back into her pussy and started thrusting hard into her from behind.
Suddenly Mr. Big's whole body went rigid and started to tremble. He stopped his thrusting and let out a deep growl as he shot his load deep into Michelle's pussy. However all was caught in the condom that she so skillfully applied to hard cock.
Janine could hardly move. She knew that she had to get away before they spot her. She unsteadily walked away on shaky legs.
She was more confused than ever about the emotions she experienced in the last twelve hours. Both incidents left her decidedly horny, wet and aroused. Since Greg was not part of the latest incident she witnessed she felt no jealousy. Instead she was left exited and with an even stronger desire to have men other than Greg sees her naked body. She knew that she had a sexy and well kept body. The idea of other men openly desiring her left her more exited and aroused than she could understand. The more she thought about it the more she admired Nicky and Michelle for their courage to expose themselves like that.
***
That evening while serving dinner, Mr. Big paid Janine a compliment by commenting how beautiful she looked. She suddenly realized that without knowing it she missed being a teacher, or rather being a physical education teacher. As PE-teacher she mostly walked around at school in shorts or short skirts and tight tops. She was the tennis and swim team coach got to be sexily clad next to the courts and pool during competitions. She had noticed the parents and senior students checking her out, but never did she realize just how much she enjoyed the desire and lust in their eyes.
On the farm she started wearing long pants big tops with boots and a hat. It was practical, but not sexy at all. The hunters and guests still noticed her smile, sparkly eyes and natural beauty. She suddenly felt left out, ignored and that she was wasting away on the farm.
***
Having made sense of some of her emotions Janine could now turn her attention to another part of the confusing emotions she experienced the previous night. When she saw Greg finger fucking Nicky, she felt a little bit jealous initially, but the jealousy soon gave way to excitement and left her indescribably horny. Why was that? Was there something wrong with her? What kind of a woman was she if she could allow her husband to satisfy another woman right in front of her eyes and not feel immense jealousy? The truth is that she enjoyed seeing Greg making Nicky cum. She enjoyed knowing and seeing that Greg was attractive enough to be the one a young good looking and sexy woman would choose to satisfy her. And that he was more than able and willing to satisfy her.
As she pondered her feelings during the incident that morning, she couldn't help but to admit to herself that she had deep desires for the attention of other men. She also realized that she wanted to experience sex with other men. She only had sex with two men. Greg, her husband and the single incident in her senior year of high school with Charles. She found herself thinking more and more about having sex with a man as well endowed as Mr. Big.
She was in unfamiliar territory since she never had any conscious thoughts of infidelity before. Could the reason that she was not jealous of Greg be a compensation for her unconscious desire for sex with other men?
She felt some anger grow inside of her for Nicky and Michelle. They dragged her into this state of depravity with them. Still Janine tried to find some justification for what they did, because she also admired their courage. They were prostitutes, hookers, whores. She could not legitimately blame Nicky and Michelle since she consciously decided to watch them or spy on Michelle. She had put herself in those positions; neither of them had wanted or invited her there. She had to accept and take responsibility for her own sexual feelings. She was not forced or coerced in any way to watch the things that happened. She could have walked off if she wanted to, but her curiosity got the better of her. None of what she saw revolted or disgusted her. Instead she was mesmerized and totally turned on by what she witnessed.
Janine decided that that very same Sunday when they were again next to the pool, she would tell Sally what she witnessed earlier today. Maybe sally would open up and explain the comment she made the previous night. And maybe she could get clarity on her own feelings.
To be continued...