Yvonne here, helping Adam and Erin write up Adam's favorite fantasy; then Erin joins in.
*
Please note that this story is PURE fantasy. None of the events here ever happened except in their minds. It is NOT a story of exhibition or voyeurism. It's more on the order of NonConsent/Reluctance, but I wanted to keep all my stories together. Now I'll turn the keyboard over to Adam, with new help from Erin.
*****
I've got the best job imaginable. Running a porn studio. Not only does it give me a chance to get plenty of pussy. It gave me a chance to get some ultimate revenge. Back in college I met a super cock-tease. I did everything possible to get into Sharon Livinggood's pants with ZERO luck. Then one lucky day, she showed up looking for a porn job. Frosting on the cake; she showed up with her old roommate Donna.
I spotted them in the waiting room walking into my office. A quick call to my secretary, Joan, and my plan was ready. I'd used parts of this before. To scare off girls that weren't ready for porn, my secretary sends them into a closet that adjoined my office. They have to strip before I interviewed them. Girls that won't take their clothes off for an interview, aren't ready to do porn. This time I had Joan send Sharon in naked. When I called later, she'd send in Donna, with her clothes on.
Five minutes later the closet door opened into my office. In walked a beautifully naked Sharon. I let her stand there for a minute while I finished a fake phone call enjoying her discomfort. I hung up the phone and looked her up and down, to her further embarrassment. "You look familiar. I think we went to school together. In fact, I think we used to date." She finally looked me in the face and it dawned on her just who I was.
"Adam?" She looked at me with a combination of recognition and fear. I guess she remembered what a bitch she'd been in college. "I didn't know you without that beard and long hair." I told her I barely knew her without all those clothes (she always worn bulky sweaters and baggy pants in college) in the way and laughed. I walked around the desk and gave her a big hug, cupping her ass.
That made her very uncomfortable; just what I wanted. "Sit down and let's catch up." I almost pushed her down into a very short chair I have in front of my desk. It forces a girl to spread her legs; again, just what I wanted. I asked her about a few people we knew in college. Finally I asked her about her old roommate, pretending to not remember her name.
"Oh, you mean Danna. We're still roommates. She came here with me today. She's right outside." She rambled on as I went to the phone, told Joan to send Donna in. As I'd already arranged, Joan sent Donna with her clothes on. Sharon startled, almost screamed, when Donna came in. She covered her tits and pussy and shrank back into the chair. I reached down and moved her hands leaving her fully exposed; just what I had in mind, again.
We all sat there talking about old times for a few minutes until Sharon started to relax. I noticed Donna eyeing her friend's body and decided to up the ante. "Well, enough chit-chat. It's time to get down to business. You came here to audition for porn. Let's see what you can do. Sharon, masturbate." Her eyes went wide and her jaw dropped. She went pale then blushed all the way down to her boobs.
"You want me to masturbate right here in front of you and Donna?" She asked, aghast.
"Yes, of course!" I told her. "That's what porn is all about, Sharon. In my movies you're going to masturbate, fuck, suck, and lots more. You're going to do it in front of the camera and a bunch of other people. If you can't do it here and now, you won't make it in this business. Now either get to it or get out!"
She looked at me and then to Donna. "Damn, I really need this job! I'm sorry you have to see this, Donna. But, we both need this. What do you want me to do, Adam?" I told her to spread her legs and start playing with her tits and pussy. She slowly trailed one hand down to her boobs. Her other hand gently brushed her pubes. "Pinch your nipples and spread your pussy lips nice and wide." I directed.
Sharon blushed again, but followed my orders. She pinched both nipples until they stood up proud and her areola darkened. Her right hand stroked her outer lips spreading them slowly exposing her inner moistness. Her friend watched with growing interest. Donna was breathing heavily; her eyes wide and her right hand pressed against her crotch.
I noticed that Sharon had her eyes closed; my next step. I pushed a button on my phone signaling Joan. The office door opened and Joan brought me in some things to sign. Sharon screamed and stopped masturbating. "Keep going, girl. I've seen it all before, believe me." Joan told her, "Go ahead. It looks like you were almost done. Keep up the good work!"
Sharon started back stroking her pussy and closed her eyes. "No! Don't close your eyes. Look at your audience. Make love to them with your eyes." Joan said. "Here, let me show you." Joan hopped up on my desk and hiked up her skirt; she never wears panties. She spread her legs and stroked her cunt. "Come on, Sharon, do what I do." Joan stroked up and down her slit and slipped her first two fingers into herself. "Feel around and find your g-spot. Work that with your fingertips. Now circle you clit with your thumb tip."
Donna switched back and forth from watching her friend and Joan finger themselves. Her eyes and mouth were still wide open. Sharon and Joan were both getting hotter by the minute. Sharon's breath caught in her throat and she came with a low moan. "That was OK, Sharon, but do it more like this." Joan said. She kept working her pussy and started moaning louder and louder. "Oh god, oh god, I'm coming, I'm coming HARD!" And she did, hard. Joan pulled her fingers out of her twat and licked them clean, motioning Sharon to do the same. Slowly, reluctantly she followed Joan's lead licking one then two fingers.
"Thanks, Joan. That's all I need for now. Don't you have your son's soccer game today? Lock up and call it a day. See you in the morning." I turned back to Donna and Sharon. "Now that you've seen how it's done, you can try again later. For now, Sharon, strip Donna and get her off."
"WHAT?" They both said in perfect unison. "It's a simple scene, girls. Sharon, start by kissing Donna. Feel her up through her clothes. Undress her. Play with her pussy and tits a while. Then eat her pussy. Couldn't be easier." They both looked at me with disbelief. "Like I said before, this is a business. The girl-girl scene is a staple of porn. If you can't do it here and now, you won't make it. Now either get to it or get out!"
Sharon got up slowly and walked over to Donna. "I'm sorry but I really need this job." She walked over to her friend and kissed her tentatively and brushed her breast. She slowly started to unbutton Donna's shirt. At first Donna seemed scared and uneasy but she slowly relaxed as her blouse fell open and Sharon fondled her tits. Her right hand snaked out and cupped Sharon's pussy. She stroked the slit and slid one finger into her friend.
Sharon stopped cold and asked Donna what she was doing. "Hey, we may as well enjoy it. Now kiss me again and get my clothes off." Sharon looked unsure but went back to kissing, now with some tongue. She pulled Donna's blouse and bra off and started sucking her tits. Donna unbuttoned her own pants and slid them down passed her ass; she was getting into this. "Let's get me naked, Sharon. We can both get jobs and have fun at the same time."
Donna stood up and shed her pants, underwear, and shoes. She threw her clothes across the room and pulled Sharon over to the couch. "Come on, girl, Adam said you were supposed to eat me. Get to it!" She pulled Sharon's face into her pussy and rubbed it up and down. Damn! If this was a real porn audition, I'd have hired Donna on the spot and sent Sharon home. But, this was about getting my revenge on the prick-tease Sharon.
While Donna enjoyed herself, I grabbed a video camera. Sharon startled when she saw the camera. "Don't worry. You already signed the release for 'any and all pictures and videos' we take here today. But this is for my records. Now get back to work on Donna. I wanna' see her have a real orgasm. Do what Joan showed you; two fingers deep in Donna's cunt then lick her clit. Finger yourself while you eat her."
Slowly she did what I said, working herself and Donna at the same time. She slipped two fingers into her friend and herself. She thumbed her own clit and slowly sucked Donna's. She slid her fingers in and out while I shot a close up of her face. "Try to look like you're enjoying yourself. Donna really is." And Donna really was; her face was a picture of pleasure. Her eyes lids fluttered and she smiled broadly.
Sharon tried to smile but couldn't quite sell it. She looked into the camera and said, "I'm not sure this is exactly for me." I assured her that she was doing fine and told her to lick her fingers. She pulled her hand away from Donna's sex and looked askance at her wet fingers and slowly licked them clean. Her face told a story that she didn't care for the taste but it was tolerable. She turned back to face her friend's cunt. I told her to get busy and pushed her face into Donna's snatch.
She pulled back then slowly slid her tongue up the slit in front of her. She lingered at Donna's clit and kissed it gently. Her tongue circled the clit and licked it up and down. Donna grabbed the sides of her head and pulled her face into her. Donna rubbed her friend's face into her crotch. I couldn't see exactly what was happening but Donna's face told the story. Her eyes fluttered and closed. "Oh god, that's the spot, Sharon. Right there, keep licking. Do NOT stop! I'm coming! DO NOT STOP!"
Donna bucked, almost dislodging her friend, and came, big time! "Wow, that was great, Sharon. Let me catch my breath then I want to do you." Damn, I really wanted to hire this girl for my movies. But first, I was going to get my revenge on my Sharon. Donna lifted her friend off the floor and sat her on the couch, spreading her legs wide. She stroked Sharon's pussy and spread her lips. "Damn, you're pretty down here. I always thought you would be." Fuck, she was perfect for porn! I'd call her later but first I was going to enjoy some revenge.
Donna licked up the length of Sharon's slit then flicked her clit. Sharon looked aghast as her friend enjoyed the task. She plunged two then three fingers into Sharon's hole while sucking on her clit. I pulled Donna's hair out of the way and got a nice close up of the action. Finally, Sharon started to get excited by her friend's licking. She started breathing slow and deep. Her eyes fluttered, close to climax. I stopped the action. "Move over to the rug. Donna, sit on Sharon's face and play with her pussy." I set the camera on a tripod and grabbed the phone; but I didn't call anybody. "Do we have any of the guys available? How about a camera and sound crew? Shit, I guess I have to do a cheap POV myself."
Donna asked what a POV was. "I need to see how you can fuck and suck on camera. There's no male talent or camera crew, I'll have to shoot video from my point of view, a POV, while I fuck you both. Then you suck me off. I'm going to have to direct you, so instead of regular sound, we'll just do music over the action. This won't be good enough for release but it will go on our website. It will be a good enough preview of our two new stars.
"Now get back to work and ignore the camera." Sharon looked a little nervous but laid back down and Donna climbed on top. They started licking each other, Donna doing a much better job. I walked around them shooting them from all angles making sure to get good views of Sharon's face. She wasn't doing a very good job so I started directing her. "Spread her pussy wide open. Lick all the way from her clit to her asshole. Linger there and lick all around her ass."
Sharon followed my directions slowly at first then started to gasp. Donna was doing a good job without any prompting. I moved around to shoot the other half of this 69. Donna was doing a fine job on her friend! She had two fingers in Sharon's pussy, one teasing her ass, while she licked her clit. DAMN, I have to hire this girl when I was done with my revenge. But now, it was time to for me to get into the action.
I shed my clothes and stepped behind Donna, knelt down, and dropped my cock on Sharon's face. "Suck a little and stick it in Donna's cunt." I couldn't see her face very well but she did NOT look happy; but she did comply. "Lick her clit then my balls when I stop pumping." The camera couldn't see this action but this was about my revenge on this prick-teasing bitch, and I was getting it! I took a dozen strokes and paused. Sharon hesitated but started stroking her tongue along my balls.
A few more strokes and I pulled out dropping my cock on Sharon's face. Before I could tell her, Sharon started lick and sucking. This gave me a great view with the camera! I stayed on this shot for a few moments before I told her to stick my cock back into Donna. I buried in, ball deep with one thrust. Damn, this was good!
I had them flip over and moved around to watch Donna lick her friend. I slipped in and pounded Sharon's pussy for a minute before pulling out so Donna could suck me. Twice more through this routine I was ready for the big finish. "Let's head over to the couch, girls." I sat down, spreading my legs, and told the girls to start sucking. No surprise, Donna got to it first sucking the head of my dick. I had to tell Sharon to lick and suck my balls. I told them to each work one side of the shaft with their tongues. After a dozen strokes I pulled Sharon's mouth to the head of my dick.
"Donna, keep working my balls. Sharon, keep pumping. I'm going to come in your mouth; do not swallow. The two of you are going to do a cum swap." Sharon's eyes went wide but she kept sucking slowly. I kept shooting the video keeping focused on her face. With a grunt, I filled her mouth with a super load. "Donna, move up here and kiss Sharon with lots of tongue.
"Sharon, bend over Donna and drip the load into her mouth." Sharon looked shocked, again, and Donna looked excited. Donna grabbed Sharon's head and moved in for a kiss. She pulled back trailing my load. "Kiss Sharon again and smear it all over her face." Donna followed my directions and made a real mess on Sharon's face. I loved it!
I took a good long shot of her face, "Wipe it off with your fingers, and then lick them clean." She made an ugly face but followed my instructions slowly. I kept shooting while she cleaned most of the mess off her face. "Donna, move in and lick the rest off Sharon's face." Donna moved over to kiss and lick her friend's face enthusiastically.
I shut the camera off and grabbed my pants and shirt. "Great first session, girls. I, for sure, want to sign you both up. In fact, I want to get started right away with you, Sharon. You can get cleaned up. There are towels by the wet bar in the corner. Donna, you can get dressed and I'll call you later, but I want to get some better footage of Sharon in a real studio."
Donna and I got dressed leaving Sharon the only one naked again. I'd watched her looking through the towels for something to cover herself. Per my plan, there was nothing bigger than a hand towel. She was naked and going to stay that way for a while. I told Donna she could leave. I'd make sure Sharon gets home. She hugged Sharon, squeezed her ass, and left.
"Well, Sharon, it's time to get you started. I want to take you to hair and make-up. I'll need to call the doctor to check you over. But first you should probably get dressed." She breathed a sigh of relief at the thought of getting dressed again. But I had other plans for her today.
We headed for the two way closet she came in through. Damn, the door was locked, per plan. I led her to the outer office. Damn, the closet was locked on that side too (I gotta' give Joan a raise.). "Shit, my secretary must have locked up before she left. Hope I can find her keys." Sharon's face drooped and I could see the thoughts running through her pretty little head as I 'searched' for the keys. This was some sweet revenge for the blue balls bitch she was back in college.
I pushed a button under Joan's desk and my cell phone rang. "Oh shit, I forgot. I'll be right there. Sharon, I'm real sorry. I have to run to a meeting. It'll be just a few minutes. You can wait here (naked, of course). In fact, you can get in some practice." I sat her down in Joan's chair and called up a masturbation scene on the computer. "This is a five minute bit. Watch it once then play it again and masturbate along with it. I should be back before you get through it a couple of times. It'll be good practice for you."
I patted her on the head and left. But I didn't go any meeting. Down the hallway to my office by a back door and turned on the cameras. Yes, I had four cameras in Joan's office; not to check up on Joan. They're set up for occasions just like this. I could see Sharon's face on camera one. On camera two I could see the door and what was on the computer screen. Three and four cover the whole office from either end.
I watched as she went through the scene the first time. Her jaw dropped when the girl on the screen slid one finger all the way up her ass. The video finished with a big orgasm and started again. Sharon remembered my instructions and started to follow along. She stroked her outer lips and fondled her tits. She echoed the action on her screen; sliding two fingers into her pussy stroking her clit with her thumb. The shot of her face showed her eyes flutter and close. She was starting to enjoy herself. Ready for her next surprise.
I made a quick call to one of my directors, Charlie, right down the hall. I told him what was going on and what I wanted him to do. I hung up and turned back to my monitors. Sharon was nearing orgasm when the office door opened and Charlie walked in. Sharon screamed and tried to cover herself. "HELLO, you must be the new girl Adam told me about. He's got you diddling yourself. Don't stop. Go ahead. I'd love to watch, maybe give you some performance tips."
Sharon looked around and back at Charlie. I saw a 'what the hell' look crossed her face as she spread her legs. I couldn't see her pussy because of the camera angle but I could watch her face. It was a picture of embarrassment and excitement. She kept looking up at Charlie then dropping her eyes. "Work your tits more, girl." Charlie told her. "Spread your pussy lips and stick two fingers in." She followed Charlie's direction and worked up to a great orgasm.
As Sharon finished I walked back in after my 'meeting'. I asked Charlie what he thought of my new star. He was in on my revenge plan. "Not bad for a first timer. She could use some more practice with the diddle. How is she on blow jobs?" I told him she'd done OK with me earlier but he should judge for himself.
Sharon's eyes went wide as Charlie unzipped his pants and pulled his dick out, a bit bigger than mine. "Go ahead, girl. You could really use the practice." I led her over to Charlie and help/pushed her down to her knees. She slowly reached up and touched the head. "Kiss the tip then lick around the head, Sharon. Adam, you should get the camera." I ducked into my office to get the camera.
When I got back Charlie had Sharon working on a deep throat. She gagged a few times but finally got close. "Work the head then slowly slide it farther in while you work your tongue on the underside. Adam, get a profile shot here. Catch the way the underside of her chin moves with tongue." Charlie is a damn good director, giving me a great shot. He switched back to deep throat making her whole neck swell.
"Smile, girl. Use your eyes. Pull back, give the head gentle kisses, and look happy." Charlie kept directing and I kept shooting. Sharon followed the directions but did a poor job of looking happy. Charlie pulled out and rubbed his cock across her face, dropping his balls into her mouth. Really NOT happy look! He led across the room, threw a cushion on the floor, and helped her kneel.
Sharon got to work with Charlie and I both enjoying the show. Charlie may have been enjoying it a little more. He kept telling her, step by step, how to give the perfect blowjob and a perfect show for the camera. As Charlie got close, the office door opened; our UPS driver, Bob. "Damn! I see some wild things on this route, but this place is the best, Adam." Sharon tried to pull off Charlie's dick but he held her head. He moved her head in and out.
"Here it comes, girl. I'm going to fill your mouth. Just hold it." He held her head with just the head in her mouth. "Work the head with your tongue. Adam, get a full shot of her face. Center on her eyes." Damn, Charlie is a real pro.
Bob dropped a box on the desk and said he was ahead of schedule. "Did you want to stay and watch?" I asked. Bob nodded his head and I had another idea. "Did we give you a Christmas present this year?" He said no. "Well, Sharon needs more BJ practice. Would you like to be next?" His eyes lit up, like a kid on Christmas. He said he'd love to but no pictures. He'd lose his job if it EVER got out.
While we were talking I kept shooting and Charlie filled her mouth. The shot of her eyes was priceless. Charlie had her play with the load with her tongue then dip her finger catching a glob. "Pull it out and look at it. Smile, stick the finger back in your mouth, swallow, now smile again. CUT!" I stopped the camera and Bob applauded.
"You're next, Bob. The camera is off. Now get over here." Charlie told him. Bob grinned ear to ear as her walked over to Sharon. "Unzip his pants, girl. Reach in and play with his cock." Charlie kept up his instructions, while I opened the box Bob had delivered. Handcuffs! I held a pair up where Charlie could see them. "Great idea! Bring 'em over.
"Work the head and put your hands behind you." She looked puzzled, as puzzled as she could look with a cock in her mouth. Her look was more one of panic when she felt me lock her hands behind her. From the look on Bob's face, Charlie's directions were doing the job. He had Bob stand up, grab her head, and fuck her face. Bob was not as good as Sharon for following instruction. He thrust all the way in when he came. "Damn, nothing for her to play with. Still not a bad scene. Too bad we couldn't record it. Now wipe your cock off on her face. How was that for a Christmas bonus, Bob?"
Bob laughed and said his birthday was next month and got back to work. I helped Sharon up and unlocked her wrists. Charlie kissed her forehead and said he had to get back to work too. I made a quick phone call while Sharon stood there dumbfounded by everything that had happened. "Let's get moving, Sharon. Hair and make-up are ready for you."
***
Yvonne said we should stop here and submit this as Part I. We'll try to get the rest written up. Sharon has a lot more in store! Pussy trim, Doctor visit, the Cafeteria then home to Erin. Yes, Erin knew Sharon in college. She never tried to screw Sharon, like I did, but she did know Sharon as a real bitch. So, stay tuned for Part II and let's see some feedback.
Adam with Yvonne's help and more to come from Erin.