I got up early and left Cindy in bed while I went to the hotel gym. I tossed and turned all night picturing my girlfriend losing control last night and servicing every cock in sight. I had to decide if I was into sharing her or if I should move on to someone less "adventurous."
Luckily, none of the guys from Cindy's first group sex event were working out at 6 am. I went back and forth between jealousy and lust to see her do it again. I was getting hard on and off as I cycled through the memories and accompanying emotions.
"Fuck it," I decided. I have two more days here with her so I might as well make the most of them even if it means sharing her with all of the other men. I did need to sit down with her and listen to her side of things. Maybe she could help me understand.
When I got back to the room she was in the shower. "Hi Cindy, I'm back!"
"Hey Mike, how was the gym? I thought about going yesterday," she said.
"Not bad. Hey, can we talk about last night?" I asked.
"Uh oh. Ok, can we talk over breakfast?" she suggested.
"Great idea," I said as I leaned in and kissed her forehead.
We went down to the poolside cafe and ordered coffee and pastries.
"So, last night got a little wild. Can you tell me about what was going on with you?" I asked.
"Wow, I guess that's fair. It's not the easiest thing to talk about in the light of day, is it?" she said with a guilty look on her face.
"Babe, I'm not judging. I just need to know what my role is here. What do you want? What do you need? Is this a regular thing for you that is just coming out on this trip? Help me understand you, please," I pleaded.
"Oh Mike, you're so sweet. Listen, last night was new for me too. I don't know what happened yesterday. I was out shopping and feeling amazing. I'm confident about us. My body looks and feels better than it has in years, my pussy feels like it's on fire in a good way - even right now," she explained.
"So, stripping, masturbating, riding and sucking multiple cocks isn't a regular thing for you?"
"Oh god no, but last night felt so right. I couldn't get enough of you guys. And you were perfect. Whispering dirty things in my ear, calling me a slut and a whore, fucking my ass and holding my head while someone fucked my mouth! Ugh!" she said as she inconspicuously slipped a finger into her shorts and touched herself.
"Baby, are you masturbating?" I whispered.
"Mike, I can't help it. I'm so horny. Take me to the room. I want you to fuck me while we think of more ways for men to use me!"
I took her back and fucked her hard while she described more of her dirty fantasies. I learned that she had many scenarios we could make happen, but common to all was that she needed for me to "make" her do things. She didn't want to be thought of as a whore, but she wanted to act like one.
I left her laying in bed with a pussy full of cum and her still rubbing her clit. We agreed that she would be a good girl until I could get away from the conference. She said she would behave herself: shop in the morning and sit by the pool in her new bikini until I showed up. After that, anything was possible.
I was completely distracted as I sat through boring educational sessions all morning. At lunch, I saw Andy and the boys at the buffet.
"Hey Mike, great to see you! Thanks for a great evening last night. How was your morning? And Cindy, how is she doing today?" he asked.
It was all very innocuous, especially since he was thanking me for a gangbang with my girlfriend where several of us fucked her and we all came on her face.
"I'm doing alright. Cindy is sleeping in today. We'll probably head back to the pool this afternoon after the early sessions. Maybe we'll see you around," I offered as I went to sit alone. I didn't want to give the impression that a repeat performance was in the cards. Cindy had stated that variety was important to her. Translation: she wanted to suck and fuck a lot of different dudes today and tomorrow.
I tried to focus after lunch, but gave up around 2:30. My mind was wandering and found myself slowly stroking my boner below the table. I decided to track down Cindy before someone noticed me.
I strolled over to the main pool where she was yesterday, but didn't see her there. "Where r you?" I texted.
"Lucky me: I found the 'Adult Pool' over by the Pro Shop. No Kids Allowed!" she typed.
Well, that sounded promising for our afternoon activities. "Are you enjoying yourself yet?"
"No babe, waiting for you. Hurry up!!" she replied.
I had an idea: "Don't acknowledge me when I come in there. I'll sit at the bar and take a look at the scenery."
"OK, sounds sexy," she answered.
I walked in and quickly found an empty stool at the bar and ordered a beer. I saw Cindy seated on the far side of the pool all by herself.
"What a good girl," I thought.
There was an area with a 4' hedge around it surrounding the hot tub. A group of young guys had sort of taken over and were enjoying loud music and drinks from theirs coolers. Normally, it was a scene that I would avoid at all cost, but today it seemed perfect.
"I'm at the bar. Feeling sexy, slut?" I texted her.
"Been wet all day," she answered.
"Here's your reward. Pick one of those guys by the hot tub and take him to the men's room. Suck his cock and then text me when you're walking out. I'll meet you there." My heart was pounding as I hit "Send."
I watched her closely as she heard the chime. After she read the message she quickly made eye contact with me and shook her head 'no'."
"I can't. Too slutty!!" she wrote.
"Do It!" I ordered.
I watched her take some deep breaths and nervously straighten her bikini. She stood and casually walked toward the group of young men. They watched her closely as she sexily approached them. I couldn't hear her, but she was oozing sex as she reached out and shook someone's hand. Then, she leaned in and whispered in his ear while she put a hand on his shoulder. He pulled back, smiled and nodded.
They held hands as she led him into the Men's room. She shot me a quick glance as they walked together. I could tell she was nervous, but she played it well.
I stared intensely at the bathroom door for what felt like an hour. Then, the guy came out by himself with a huge grin on his face. He walked quickly to his friends and started high-fiving them. The timing was perfect as she walked out and I acted as though I just entered the pool area.
"Hi babe!. There you are," I called out as I closed the distance. She played it perfectly as she looked at the boys and then back at me with huge eyes. They saw what was going on and immediately stopped celebrating.
I scooped her up in a big hug and kissed her deeply. I dipped my tongue in her mouth and tasted remnants of the cum she had just coaxed out of the guy.
"Oh, honey. I wasn't expecting you until later," she stuttered.
"I know, I wanted to surprise you!" I said happily. We were talking loud enough for everyone tin the pool area to here.
"Well gosh. It's so nice to see you," she said as she looked back at the boys to make sure they were going to be cool.
"Hey babe, I'm going to change into my suit. Let's get in the hot tub!" I said enthusiastically.
I don't know what she said while I was changing, but when I came out she was in the tub by herself. About ten guys who knew she had just blown their buddy were seated in close proximity.
"Hey hun, who are your friends?" I asked innocently.
"Um, I don't know any of their names babe, but they seem very nice," she answered coyly.
They had turned down the music and were attempting to defuse the situation before I found out what she did. "Hey dude, you want a beer?" Mr. BJ asked.
"Sure, a beer would be great!" I said as I slid into the tub across from her.
We all started talking and laughing and someone turned on the bubbles for us. A couple of guys climbed in and sat on either side of her with a little distance between. I was actually having fun as more guys climbed in and sat down. I watched Cindy as guys inched closer and she began to relax. Then, she stared directly at me with big eyes. The action underwater was beginning.
She sunk down a couple more inches as though she was self conscious. Then she jumped a little and glared at the boy to her left. She was clearly pushing him away subtly, but was losing the battle. Then she looked to her right. They were double-teaming her.
"Having fun Cindy? Everything OK?" I shouted across the tub above the sounds of the jets.
"Babe, I think we should go. The guys are getting a little 'handsy' over here," she replied.
"I'm sure it's nothing you can't handle. Behave yourself boys," I replied.
"Sorry man. She's just so hot. We couldn't help ourselves," they answered.
"It's ok, guys. Live a little Cindy! Don't tell me you're not loving the attention. Don't you want these young men to touch you?"
"Mike, what's gotten into you? Are you saying you want to see me be slutty with these guys?" she asked sexily.
"Just do what comes naturally, baby. I know you want to have a little fun. I'm right here," I offered.
She closed her eyes and leaned back. I assumed their fingers were reaching into her bikini bottom. I watched her spread her arms to either side as the boys pulled her hands toward them underwater. I could picture her touching them.
"Tell me what's happening slut. I can't see under the water. Describe it to me," I said.
"Oh Mike, I can't believe you're letting them touch me like this. Baby, they already took off my top and there are fingers in my little pussy. And, I'm really sorry, but I have a cock in each hand," she described.
All the guys in the hot tub were looking at me, waiting for my reaction. "That's very naughty of you Cindy. You're such a dirty girl. Is that what you want?"
"No Mike, I only want to be with you. I don't want to be a slut with these boys. I'm a good girl," she pouted.
"Cindy, do 'Good Girls' suck cocks in the bathroom while their boyfriends are at work? That's right, I saw him leave the bathroom and I tasted his cum in your dirty mouth when I got here," I scolded.
"Oh no Mike, you weren't supposed to see that. I'm so sorry. I couldn't wait for you anymore. I needed someone's cum or I was going burst," she cried.
"I understand, honey. Now stand up and let me see you," I ordered.
She looked down and the boys let go of her hands. She pushed up from the seat and her naked tits emerged. Then she stood up on the seat and we all saw her bikini bottom bunched up mid thigh. "You made me do this, Mike" she said as she stared into my eyes.
"Honey, how many cocks did you suck before I got here? How much of a slut were you today?" I inquired as we all stared at her naked body.
"Oh Mike, we don't have to do this. Please Mike," she begged.
"Bend over and lay with your tits on the deck. I want your ass on display. Boys, pull her bikini bottom off" I demanded.
She turned and laid her chest on the concrete with her legs in the water. The boys stood up and I saw their swimsuits were around their knees.
"Wow Cindy. You're such a whore. You just put yourself into that 'fucking' position without a peep. It's true that you want all these guys to fuck you, right? You're craving all their cocks. I can see it," I admonished.
"Oh Mike. Stop this! Please don't make me do this. Don't make them fuck my little pussy. I can't take all of these cocks, Mike" she pleaded.
"Cindy, you should have thought about that before you decided to whore yourself out to this group of men while I was in my meeting," I reasoned.
"Now guys, no more delays. I know that pussy is good and slippery. Let's get going."
Cindy continued to beg my forgiveness as the first one lined up his girthy cock with her pretty pussy. "Um, are you ok with this ma'am?" he asked.
"Ma'am? Really? Just start fucking. If he says I have to, then it looks like I'm taking on all of you today," she said forcefully.
That was all he needed to bury his entire seven inches "balls deep" in my girlfriend. The height was perfect for him to grab her hips and pound into her. She lifted her chest off the surface and asked for a towel to put down under her nipples.
"Oh fuck, Mike. I can't believe you're making me take on all these boys. My tight little pussy is never going to be the same after this," she moaned.
The first guy slammed a couple more times then said, "Oh god, I'm cumming in her! She feels so good!"
He stepped back and the other kid in the hot tub stepped behind her.
"Is it ok? Can I fuck you too?" he asked sweetly.
"Just fuck me. It doesn't matter what I want. He says I have to let you fuck me. Please make me feel good and cum in me."
He continued to pump into her while I got out and thought about her next position. I could tell the edge of the hot tub was digging into her hips and she would need a change of location soon.
"Hey buddy, pull that lounger over here and lay down face up. You're next," I instructed.
The guy fucking her had reached around and was man-handling her tits while he finished pounding into Cindy. "Squeeze my nipples. Harder! Oh yes! Fuck meeee!" she cried out as she finally came.
The guy came too and slowly pulled out. We all watched several globs of cum ooze out of her messy pussy.
"Step up here slut," I ordered.
She climbed out of the hot tub and walked up to me. I wrapped my arms around her and brought my mouth to her ear. "You're a dirty girl Cindy. How many more cocks do you need baby?" I whispered.
She pulled her face back and looked into my eyes. "All of them, Mike. I need all of them."
"Ok Cindy" I said as I scooped up a handful of cum from her thighs and snatch and brought it to her mouth. She opened wide and I spread it all over her tongue and lips. Then she sucked my fingers and brought her cum-covered fingers to her mouth too.
I wanted to keep the momentum going so I grabbed a fist full of her hair and pulled her over to the guy on the lounger. "Sit on this cock, bitch" I pointed.
"Mike, let me rest. I need a break. My poor pussy can't take any more right now," she pleaded.
"Sit down whore. You think you can suck cocks while I'm at work without repercussions? Now sit on that hard cock and make him feel good slut!"
She threw a leg over the guy and lined up over his hard cock. We all watched as she slowly squatted over him and sank down until she bottomed out. They both sighed and began to rock.
"Mike, I can't do this. I'm a good girl. Please don't make me do this. I only want you in my mouth and in my pussy. I can't take all of these cocks and their cum. PLEASE Mike..." she begged.
"Hey, let's get a cock in her mouth to shut her the fuck up, please" I ordered.
Another guy stepped forward and while she rocked back and forth on the lounger guy, he stuck his hard cock in her mouth. I stepped behind her and grabbed her head in both hands. I had a fistful of hair in my hand and began forcing her forward until her nose was hitting his abdomen.
"Good girl. You're using your pretty little mouth like a pussy." I pulled back and started smashing her head into him. "Suck it slut! Take it all! Make him cum," I growled.
I felt her give in and let me control her body. This is what she wanted. She completely lost control and I used her face to give him pleasure.
I leaned in real close and kissed her cheek. "You're naked, riding a cock, dick in your mouth, surrounded my naked men waiting to fuck your holes. You already have several cum-loads inside you and you're going to get more. Are you enjoying yourself?" I whispered.
"Guh, guh, guh," I pulled her mouth off of him briefly and she said "I fucking love this. Never stop, never stop."
I grabbed her jaw in my other hand and kept forcing her blowjob. I leaned in and kissed the side of her mouth as the hard cock slid in and out. She was drooling constantly and I stuck my tongue out to scoop up some of her spit. The cock was right there so I licked the shaft as it slid in and out.
He liked that and suddenly pulled back. His penis swelled and began shooting stream after stream of cum on her face and in her mouth. I was so turned on by the display that I kissed her and licked his cum around her mouth.
She smiled and closed her eyes as she rode lounger guy to an orgasm. "Yes, yes, yes, cumming!"
"Stand her up boys" I instructed.
They lifted her relaxed body up and I laid down on the chaise. "Sit on my cock, bitch."
"Oh Mike, yes" she cooed and eased my rock hard shaft into her pussy.
"Ok, we need a cock in her ass!"
"Mike, I don't want that. Do I have to?" she said with huge eyes.
"Shut up and get ready for another DP, whore" I said.
She dropped her head to my chest and brought her knees forward. "Please be gentle. My ass is already sore. Can someone with a small cock fuck me, please?"
I chuckled at the thought of some kid saying, "Hey, I have a tiny dick. I'll do it!"
I didn't see the cock that began to enter her ass from behind, but I definitely felt the additional pressure. He began pounding and it felt amazing on my cock stuffed deep in her pussy.
"Hey guys, if you haven't cum or want to cum again get over here. Use her mouth and hands because it's over after I cum in her," I warned.
Four or five guys crowded around us and she began sucking and jacking them off at a frenzied pace. Once again, I hadn't planned this very well as I realized the cum that she didn't catch in her mouth and swallow was going to end up on me.
I stopped worrying about it and just watched my amazing girlfriend find her zone and use her mouth, both hands, ass and pussy to please men. Guys groped her tits and gripped her body as they began to cum.
She collapsed down onto my chest with her face next to mine as a guy gripped her hair and fucked her mouth. It was so erotic to be that close to the action during a fierce mouth-fucking. I opened my mouth and occasionally his balls would slide across my chin and tongue. She giggled as he shot his load and she basically snowballed it to me. I was definitely entering new territory on this trip!
Guys continued to approach her and orgasm on her face. It was so thick I was smearing it up her forehead and into her hair. It was slick and matted by the time the last young man blew his load on us.
I finally grabbed her hair in a cummy pony tail and pulled it as I thrusted from below. Her head was arched back and her tits bouncing as I finally came deep in her pussy.
We both collapsed as the guys went to the showers or dove in the pool.
"Baby, let's clean up and get out of here." Her face looked like a glazed donut as I sat up and reached for a towel. "I should make you walk to the room with all that cum on your face and in your hair, you fucking whore," I said.
"Challenge accepted, Daddy" she said as she began to walk naked toward the exit gate.
"Whoa Cindy," I said as I chased her down and wrapped a towel to cover her nude body. "Let's get you back to the room. I think you're cum-drunk," I said.
"Oh Mike. My tummy is full and my lady-parts are sore. I don't think I can take much more of this," she said.
"Poor baby. Don't worry, we can rest a little while before I line up the next group of guys to fuck you," I said.
"Oh goody!" she replied.