The first thing Pam did after Mike escorted her to safety, was to slip away from him and into the women's locker room. She felt awkward having nearly been caught by his wife, and even though her body still craved a sexual release, she was relieved to distance herself from Mike.
Once alone, she eagerly discarded her towel and stepped into one of the showers, where the hot water, lingering oils, and her soapy touch only served to intensify the incessantly simmering arousal fueled by the outrageous locker interaction with Ron. After allowing her hands to freely roam for several seconds, Pam's thoughts began to wander and it became evident she wouldn't squelch these yearnings by allowing herself to masturbate in the women's locker room shower. Her mind was too scattered, not to mention the potentially awkward embarrassment of someone walking in and seeing her through the clear shower curtain, her fingers buried between her legs.
As she continued to recall the past hour or so, the reality of what she'd done, and been through, settled upon her, and the thought of facing Ron and eventually having to address what had happened began to weigh heavy on her mind. After drying off, Pam had no choice but to put on her only clothing, the white bikini. She exited the ladies' changing room and made her way back to their condo. Her hard nipples were plainly evident and drew several second glances from the college boys she passed, all not much older than Ron. She did her best to ignore the lustful leering and her own body's undeniably hedonistic response, instead focusing her mind on the task of having to diffuse what was certain to be lingering sexual tension between her and her daughter's boyfriend.
()()()
As soon as Beth had finished chastising him for molesting Lil, who was once again in the same shower stall in which he'd first ravaged her, Ron couldn't slip on his trunks and get out of there fast enough. Now, back at their room, he peeled off his swimsuit and held it under the bathroom sink in an effort to rinse away the thick gel that had soaked in on the walk back. His plan was to take a hot shower and use the time alone to think about how best to deal with the guilt he was feeling for what had happened. He wrung out his swimsuit, peeked out to make sure he still had the room to himself, then scampered across the carpet to hang the damp trunks on the window ledge over the air conditioner unit, and grab something to wear after showering.
At that moment, he heard the front door begin to open, and knowing he hadn't a second to spare, dashed across the bed, his cock flapping against his stomach, and slid into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him just as Pam entered into the condo.
Pam noticed the bathroom door swinging shut, and was glad she didn't have to face Beth or Ron wearing only what now felt like an absurdly indecent bikini. And if she was to be alone with Ron so soon after their completely immodest time together in the spa locker, changing to something more modest was imperative. She walked over next to the door, took a deep, calming breath, and called out, "Is someone in there?"
"Ah, yeah, I'm taking a shower. Is that ok?" Ron replied, the nervousness in his voice evident.
"Sure. Take your time.....ah, you and I will need to talk later, you know, about what happened, but for now, Beth should be back any minute and we'll make dinner plans.' Pam answered in what she intended to be a calming voice, hoping to help alleviate the poor boys nerves, if even a little, by letting him know she was under control, and not freaking out about their forced, nude confinement..
She went to the dresser to achieve her initial goal of ridding herself of the white bikini. Only when she opened the drawer that had previously held her underwear and swimsuits did she recall her earlier discovery of the missing items and suspicion that Beth had somehow gotten rid of them. Still, she had to change from these three little patches of white material. What had been sexy and acceptably daring earlier on the beach, was now inappropriately seductive here in the condo with Ron, given what they'd just gone through.
Pam opened the drawer for her shorts and t shirts, and likewise, found it nearly empty. All that remained was a plain, light pink baby T and a pair of cotton gym shorts. Obviously, Beth had altered her wardrobe beyond what she had previously discovered.
Even without trying them on, Pam realized the absence of a bra would be clearly evident, and the shorts looked to be most assuredly short. It wasn't like she never wore short shorts at home, but given the day's events, she was certain they'd feel sinfully inadequate. Yet, on the other hand, the only option that would leave her would be one of her summer dresses, which to her relief, still hung in the closet. Braless would still be a problem with the generally expansive necklines, although perhaps not quite as noticeable, that is until she leaned forward in the least bit, and given how short and flouncy they were, going commando would have her on edge all night long. Either option would certainly not achieve her current desire to tone down her sex appeal for the inevitable conversation with Ron. Pam decided the tee shirt and shorts would be the lesser of two evils, but before changing, she assessed her reflection in the mirrored closet door and pondered her current predicament.
Seeing her tanned and toned figure so seductively contrasted to the clingy white bikini, it was really no wonder Ron seemed to sprout an erection whenever around her. He was only a teenage boy after all, even if he was her daughter's boyfriend, so she decided the right thing to do would be cut him a little slack on his behavior in the locker. He certainly hadn't planned to have them squished together completely naked, and besides subtly using his hands on her waist to further maneuver her against his slick erection, he'd maintained his composure remarkably well.
Besides, it wasn't like she'd been a perfect angel herself. Even beyond having shamelessly clenched her glutes to further torment him in their confinement, this trip had evolved into one never-ending series of arousing temptations. As she recalled the various ways in which she'd participated in teasing the boy, either deliberately or through what had surely been Beth's, or even her own daughter's, orchestration, it was more amazing that he hadn't truly crossed the line and said or done something completely inappropriate.
Her body tingled and yet another wave of moist heat engulfed her ever throbbing pussy as the various memories played in her brain. Before she realized it, her mind was swimming with the possibilities of what could have happened in that locker, and how exciting it had been to be forced into such an exhilaratingly audacious predicament. Pam's fingers began to descend past the snug white material concealing her pulsing, hairless vagina, when she snapped back to reality, and retracted her hand from the damp bikini bottom. She literally shook herself in an attempt to free her mind of such thoughts, but with the memory of Ron's thick, oil coated cock ensnared between their bodies, refusing to be vanquished, she paused to truthfully assess the devious behaviors and physical yearnings growing increasingly difficult to control.
Forcing herself to embrace this moment of honest introspection, Pam could no longer deny the desire festering just below the surface for her daughter's boyfriend's lovely, thick manhood. Still, she only had to stand firm through tomorrow night, then they'd rejoin Amy and hopefully end the temptations. To make sure they'd both last another day without succumbing to their lusty desires, Pam knew she needed to leverage this latest encounter to knock Ron back on his heels and hopefully reestablish some vestige of the parameters that existed in their relationship prior to this insidiously tempting vacation.
With the shower still running, Pam peeled off the teeny swimsuit and shimmied into the shorts and shirt. Both articles of clothing were unforgivingly tight, and even though her braless nipples were perceptible, at least the shirt was thick enough so as not to be completely see through.
The shorts molded to her firm buns, but did appear to adequately cover her fleshy cheeks, if only barely. Even though it was the polar opposite of her goal, the lack of panties and bra led her to feel sexy in, what surprisingly was for this vacation, relatively conservative attire.
Knowing it was essential to purge her mind of the ramifications of her unavoidably sexy image, and concentrate fully on the various talking points to be had with Ron, Pam dropped back on the bed to rest and wait for him to exit the bathroom.
()()()
Having sent Ron on his way, hopefully with enough fearful remorse to remain pliable to her later, Beth turned her attention to Lil. She did feel a little guilty for the way she'd manipulated her and Mike, but given their perverted interaction with Ron the night before, they certainly had to take some responsibility for ending up as part of her twisted sex games. She'd spied long enough on Mike to know he unquestionably relished massaging a naked and horny Pam, and Beth had watched Lil taking every inch of Ron's thick cock, and likewise, there had been no doubt as to her enjoyment of doing so.
"Ah, Lil, I wanted to tell you that you can come by tomorrow and get the tape, you know, of last night, if you want." Beth said in a friendly tone as soon as Lil had turned off the shower.
Lil covered her nudity with the large towel. She was angry at Beth, though in reality she was even more upset with herself. All of this stemmed from her behavior in that red dress. True, she'd ultimately embraced most everything that had happened, but the guilt was sure to be overwhelming for her to deal with going forward. Still, to be rid of this woman for good needed to be her first goal.
"Ah, so you're saying you are through blackmailing us? You won't send the tape to our hometown?" Lil responded, the distaste in her voice evident.
"No. I won't. And you might not believe me, but I never would have, even if you'd refused to do the things I wanted. It's just that on the tape, you were both so sexually adventurous and free spirited, I had a feeling you'd play along eventually, which is why I decided to push you a little, and I do apologize for that."
"Look, I am too tired to yell or fight about this with you. If you are being honest now, then I'll just go and find my family, and try to put this all behind me." Lil replied.
"Ok. But can I ask, about, you know, what happened with Ron. I watched from the door, and it appeared you, well, that you didn't really put up much resistance, not that I am judging. I mean, let's be honest, Ron offers a rather unusual, ah, opportunity, that is difficult to walk away from."
Lil actually allowed herself the briefest, self-deprecating grin, then said, "Look, I'll deny saying this if we ever talk again, but I saw Ron masturbating in the boutique that first day we met, and that is what started this whole thing. His penis was just so big and perfect looking; like nothing I'd seen before. And after everything I experienced from then, until today's full body massage, I was more turned on that I've ever been. And to top it all off, Mike was about to take me here on the bench when he had to leave suddenly to get our kids, and then from nowhere Ron showed up while I was in the shower. There was no way I could refuse him, and even the second time, on the bench, well, being bound like that tapped into something deep within me. I've never been more sexually excited than I was when he took me even as I pleaded with him not to. So there, now you can go and not feel guilty. I just have to make things right with my husband, but after the past few days, I think in some perverted, twisted way, he may just be ok with everything that happened as well."
()()()
Only a few moments later, Beth strolled into the condo, still in the orange bikini from earlier on the beach, and like Pam, her mind was whirling with her options on dealing with Ron, and her friend, even if with a completely different goal in mind. She was quite pleased with the way the day had played out, and her face didn't hide the fact. She was delighted to see Pam wearing the clothes she'd placed in the dresser, but didn't intend to comment on them until her friend broached the subject.
"What has you looking so smug?" Pam asked as she rolled onto her side and propped her herself up on her elbow while trying to appear as normal as possible. She most definitely didn't want Beth to suspect there'd been any interaction with her and Ron.
"Oh, hi...me? Smug? Not at all. I'm just super relaxed. I mean, didn't your massage put you at ease?" Beth asked, curious as to how Pam would respond. She had seen the way Mike's hands had roamed over her, and hoped, as planned, he'd left her all hot and bothered. Of course, had she known of Pam's near submission to Mike, or her forced interaction with a naked Ron, there would be no doubt as to where Pam's libido fell on the 'horny scale'.
"Well, evidently mine was not as relaxing as yours. Of course, you had a real masseuse. Was she good?"
Hoping to further entice Pam with all the juicy details, Beth replied with a mischievous look on her face, "Oh yes, she was very good. Actually she wasted very little time before doing whatever it took to make sure my massage had a happy ending."
"Beth!" Pam gasped, "Did you really let that young girl, I mean, I thought the thing at lunch just happened, you know, kind of by accident. I didn't know you were, you know, that you would, well, just do that with another woman." Pam paused, her emotions muddled between shock, arousal, and even a little jealousy. "Well, tell me what she did."
"Look, don't be too stunned, I mean, it's not like I am a lesbian or something, it's just, well, I needed some relief, and as you know, I'm not shy about having an open mind concerning sex. Plus, I've recently discovered that I find the female form rather appealing." Beth paused, flashing Pam a slightly crooked, knowing grin, then continued, "As far as what happened, well let's just say she did everything I did to you at lunch, and she did it very, very well." Beth paused, knowing she was likely embarrassing her friend, then continued, "But what about Mike, I can't fathom that he didn't try to do more than just give you an innocent rub down."
"Well, yeah, he did and...." Pam stopped in mid-sentence as the shower cut off, then lowering her voice continued, "ah, let's just say he was quite eager, but there was no happy ending."
"Oh, I am so sorry for you. After our little pool jet adventure, aborted lunch encounter, then an unfulfilling massage, you must be ready to burst?" Beth said, doing her best to conceal the satisfaction in her voice.
At that moment, Ron peeked from the bathroom, taking care to avoid eye contact with Pam, and said, "Ah, I forgot to grab any clothes, would you mind handing me something to wear?" He didn't bother to be specific, knowing Beth would give him whatever it was she wanted him to put on anyway.
"Sure" Beth replied, then to both Pam and Ron said, "I was thinking that we've had a full day. How does ordering a pizza from room service sound for dinner?" Gaining their agreement, she continued, "Good, so in that case Ron, here's the shorts and shirt you sleep in, and when you're finished in the bathroom, I'll take my shower."
Ron took the clothes and shut the door, not even bothering to argue with her. He had to admit, even with the anticipated awkwardness between him and Pam, having no choice but to wear only these gym shorts that would do little to conceal him in a flaccid state, much less should he grow the least bit excited, sent a slight shiver through him, and a little added girth to his still otherwise relaxed cock.
This vacation had certainly opened his eyes to the thrill of showing off his attention demanding package, and having surreptitiously overheard Pam admitting her infatuation with his cock on more than one occasion, the thought of 'inadvertently' tempting her once again was undeniably exciting. Yet despite everything that had happened, and even after having been trapped naked in the spa locker, Ron knew he should tread lightly with Amy's mother, as Beth had repeatedly warned him of her conflicted, internal struggles concerning him, his cock, and her daughter.
"Speaking of getting dressed, where are my clothes, bikinis, bras and panties?" Pam sternly whispered the accusatory question to her friend as soon as Ron had retreated back into the bathroom.
"What do you mean? Do you think Amy took them with her by accident?" Beth replied in as a convincing a tone as she could muster, even as she took in how completely hot her friend looked in the tight shorts and braless t-shirt she'd bought for her at the boutique. But still sensing Pam's skepticism, defaulted to the preferred explanation she'd intended all along. "Or maybe.........just maybe she took them on purpose.....as some sort of twisted joke,.....do you think?" Then as if her next thought just came to her, Beth leaned closer and in a conspiratorial whisper said, "Or......what if,.... well, I mean, the other night she practically offered you up to Ron when she thought you were passed out. I bet she took them to sort of force you into teasing her boyfriend."
Seeing just a sliver of doubt creep across Pam's face, she pushed onward, "I must admit Amy has really surprised me the past few days with being such a daring and naughty little girl. I mean, if I didn't know better, it's almost like she really enjoys knowing you and Ron can't help but to tempt and tease each other."
With Pam poised to offer the expected objection, Beth spoke first, glad she had planted the seed, but now anxious to diffuse the conversation, "Listen to me, talking crazy and projecting my perversions on your little girl. I am certain that she was just playing a joke by taking your clothes. Please don't even listen to my rambling. But speaking of Ron..... I wonder what happened during his massage. Mike's wife was pretty attractive, and well, we both know Ron has certain attributes that might make for an adventurous massage, even for a married woman.
I wonder if he will be relaxed like me, or a little more, ahem, on edge, like you?"
Even as the possibility that Amy had deviously positioned her own mother to unavoidably ratchet up the tease factor to poor Ron lingered, Pam shot back, glad to no longer be discussing whether or not her daughter was a twisted pervert, "Very funny, and you should hope he isn't relaxed like you, ah, what I mean is, we are supposed to be looking after him on this trip, I promised his mother."
Realizing how utterly silly her last statement sounded, Pam just stopped talking, knowing that arguing her point by going down that path would be ludicrous.
Beth managed to suppress her desire to laugh, and chose not to expound on how they'd handled Ron's well being, instead saying, "Yeah, I'm sure you're right. Besides, Lil seemed a little too uptight to have taken advantage of our naïve little roommate."
Pam knew how wrong Beth's take on Lil was, as her thoughts flashed back to the things she'd overheard about her oily massage with Ron. She was a little surprised at the jolt of jealousy it spurred within her, as she envisioned what it must have been like for Lil, freely sliding her tingling skin all over Ron's gel coated penis. It was so similar to her recurring fantasy, in which Ron would wrestle her own lotion covered body into submission, all the while poking and prodding her with his enormous erection, that Pam once again felt the smoldering moistness ignite between her legs.
Failing to notice her friend's faraway gaze, Beth said, "So, how about a quick drink before dinner?" And without waiting for an answer, went to the kitchenette to assess their liquor options.
Jarred from her brief fantasy diversion by Beth's question, Pam rolled onto her back, and felt her breasts jiggle beneath the tight confines of her shirt. She glanced down to easily see her erect nipples, silently cursing whoever took her bras. She still thought it was probably Beth, but the things she'd said about Amy weren't really that farfetched. Well, whoever the culprit, they were likely going to accomplish their goal, if it was indeed to maintain the sexual tension between her and Ron.
Still, Pam knew it was her words that would matter most. Even if she looked to be straight from the pages of a pin-up calendar, if she was emphatic with Ron that the locker fiasco was an accident and there would be nothing even remotely similar happening between them ever again, then she was certain he'd behave. The more she thought on it, the idea of having no choice but to offer up a sexy image to him by going commando in these tight clothes, while at the same time jointly pledging that their remaining time together would be innocent and proper, might be devilishly exciting. And such 'innocent' teasing, capping off the incredibly titillating events of the day, will be the final naughty nudge needed to lead to some alone time later in the bathroom, where she will borrow Beth's toy and take the considerable edge off her rapidly all-consuming libido.
Beth glanced at Pam, obviously lost in her thoughts, and continued to silently grind up the sensuvive tablets. She had decided they'd all take a dose of the fun drugs before bed tonight, after all, she wanted everyone to be primed and susceptible for tomorrow, and her most delicious plan for them by far.
Beth finished mixing the drinks just as Ron stepped from the bathroom. She handed him his Cialis laced Mountain Dew, and Pam her rum and Coke, infused with the female sexual enhancement drug. Beth took her own doctored drink with her into the bathroom, taking note of the way Ron kept glancing at her jiggling boobs highlighted by her one-size-too-small orange bikini. Her own quick peek to his gym shorts confirmed the ease with which the curvature of what appeared to be a still mostly flaccid penis was evident behind the light grey material.
No matter that she'd been plotting how best to talk with Ron, nervousness overcame her and Pam gulped down almost half of her drink, and went to the kitchen to refresh it, more with rum than coke.
As he watched Pam bound from the bed and head around the bar to refill her drink, Ron took note of how her breasts shimmied behind the fitted pink t-shirt, and further down, how utterly fantastic her ass looked in the tight shorts. Having so recently given Lil the fucking of his young life, the flaccid state of his cock was not really surprising, yet as Pam turned to rejoin him, her protruding nipples unmistakable, his prick lurched ever so slightly in what would be a slow but steady expansion to yet another erection.
"Ron, sit down here on the bed for a minute, so we can talk." Pam directed as she set her drink on the nightstand and crawled up on the bed, practically feeling Ron's eyes caress her ass along the way, until she finally settled with her back resting against the headboard and her legs crossed Indian style. She knew it was a slightly cruel to sit this way in such brief shorts, but she just couldn't seem to resist acting on her recent thoughts about innocently teasing the boy while they spoke.
As he sat on the edge of the bed, and even before he turned to face Amy's mom, the memory of Pam reclined in this exact spot only a few hours earlier, while Beth slowly seduced her to the point she was pleading for an orgasm invaded his brain. His dick took another shift within his shorts, then he lifted his left leg up slightly onto the bed so that he could focus on Pam. He was greeted once again with her noticeably braless boobs and erect nipples, and before he could stop himself, allowed his eyes to fall to the minimal material of her shorts, barely concealing what he knew to be her panty-less crotch.
Still clutching his drink, Ron took one quick glance to his own groin, confirming that his twisting maneuver on the bed had stretched the grey shorts tight across his still mostly flaccid, yet significantly engorged cock as it lay trapped against his right thigh. The lengthening shaft and bulbous head was clearly outlined and he decided to do what had proven to be the best course of action several times already on this trip, act innocent and unaware of the image he presented.
"Well. I guess it's obvious what I need to say, but earlier, in the locker, well, clearly that was just some sort of freakish accident that we need to both forget about. I mean, neither of us planned or wanted it to happen, and ah, you could say we were just victims of circumstance, and, well I think we both actually handled the whole thing rather well." Pam paused, curious to see if Ron would respond.
The few seconds of silence seemed much longer, and Ron felt compelled to give her some feedback, "Umm, yeah, I'm really sorry, you know. I, ah, I didn't plan to be in there naked like that. It was just when I heard you and Mr. Johnson coming in, I panicked and hid. I am sorry I spied on you, ah, I didn't do that on purpose either, really."
Hearing Ron reference seeing her and Mike together, while leaving unspoken the near certainty that he'd heard her begging to be fucked, was not a part of this whole episode she wanted to rehash, so Pam sought to shut this down with her own little summary speech, "Okay Ron, I am not blaming you. Again, we both saw and heard things that it would be best for us to simply forget. And specifically as to what transpired inside that locker, well it was all unavoidable. And no matter how, ahem, well, intimate it might have been, it was 100% unintended, and we just mustn't think of it again. And even though we were both blameless in our behavior, we certainly won't ever mention it to anybody else, not even Beth, and especially not Amy. Agreed?"
While the mention of Amy's name did indeed give him a brief pause, the past days' events had forced Ron to become quite comfortable with the various rationalizations that allowed him to lessen his guilt concerning his girlfriend. What he couldn't justify based on Amy's willingness to initially lure him into her evolving, perverted teasing and exhibitionism, he blamed on having been essentially 'raped' as was the case with the college girls, Beth, Sue and even Lil. His final, and most recent defense was that while he perhaps really did love Amy, he was too young and dumb to know if it would last beyond high school, but most certainly not too dumb to recognize the opportunity for this once-in-a-lifetime vacation adventure. The fact that one of these women was Amy's mom did put a troublesome spin on his rationalizations, but he was convinced that if he continued to let Beth portray him as the naïve teenager he'd been only two days prior, she might eventually push them to the point that Pam would break and cross the line to clearly initiating sex with him , which would be his ultimate vindication for anything that happened at that point.
Having once again quickly sidestepped any significant guilt concerning Amy, Ron allowed his vision to dart over Pam's body as she spoke. He hoped not to be too obvious, but her hard nipples and the way her muscular thighs framed the slender crotch of her shorts, barely hiding her pussy, was just too intriguing to avoid. As she ceased speaking, he made an impulsive decision to push things a little, and responded, "Sure, I won't tell anybody, I promise. Can I be honest with you though?"
Pam had noticed the way his eyes kept moving from her face to chest then groin and back again. She was inwardly pleased she'd had no choice but to torment him with her attire, but his last question caused her some concern. That, and the unmistakable bulge of his obviously hardening penis told her it best to let him speak, then end this conversation before she lost control of the situation.
"Ah, yes. Of course you can be honest."
"Well, like I said, I can agree not to tell anybody. But I just can't agree to not thinking about it ever again. I mean, I feel bad, like perverted bad, you know, cause you're Amy's mom, and you know, like, a parent figure, and so nice to me and all, but, well, your body, um, is like..., well I mean you are just so perfect, er I mean attractive, and to be trapped with you, you know, like we were, you pressed up against me like that might be the most exciting thing ever." Ron paused, taking note of Pam's face, and the way she had started unconsciously biting her bottom lip while at the same time unsuccessfully trying to steal subtle peeks at his cock, which was now pressing out against the leg of his shorts, as a full blown hard-on was fast approaching. He had rambled on more than he intended, and knew it was best to not push too far, "Gosh, I am so sorry. I shouldn't have, you know, said all that. It is just that today was so, well, you know. I just can't believe what happened. Please, please forgive me. I am so embarrassed......I should have never told you that, cause, well I should have just kept that to myself, I hope I didn't offend you, and I promise I won't ever speak of it again, and I'll do my best not to even think of it. And don't worry, I would never ever tell Amy, I swear."
As Ron finished, he swung his leg back around a little, and while holding his drink in both hands, lowered it to just above his crotch to help conceal his erection, as would be the proper thing to do. He kept his sights on Pam, however, anxious to see how she would react to his first verbal validation as to her tight, sexy body.
Hearing Ron essentially confirm his lust for her with his awkward compliments, was surprisingly much more arousing than Pam would have thought. Her body was on fire, and she could feel her nipples practically ripping through her confining t-shirt. Much like Ron, she needed to shift positions for fear that the sudden surge of moisture beginning to escape her vagina would seep through the thin cotton shorts. As she extended her legs, bringing them tight together, she recognized the need to end this talk asap. Pam struggled to conceal her own arousal while seeking out the proper words that would diffuse this dangerous dynamic Ron's honesty had laid bare.
"Now Ron. Listen, I understand how today would be exciting for a boy such as yourself. Ahem, ....but you must understand that for an adult like me, well, what happened wasn't ah, arousing....ah, well what I mean to say is that, you know, today was only an unfortunate and embarrassing accident. I appreciate what you said, I mean I understand, ah where you're coming from, but, well, you just need to remember how inappropriate it all was, me being old enough to be your mother, and ah, not to even mention that you're my daughter's boyfriend. So you just need to make sure and don't let your mind go places it shouldn't. I would never tell Amy, cause I don't want to see her hurt, but if you can't put this behind us, I would feel compelled to talk to your folks, you know, about any inappropriate behavior from this point on. I would have no choice as it would be my responsibility as a parent to keep you on the right path."
Pam paused, having obviously struggled to speak coherently, and not quite sure her threat to tell his parents was the right thing to do, or even believable. Still anxious to end this, she simply added, "So, let's just move on and act like it never happened."
"Act like what never happened?" Beth said, stepping from the bathroom just at that moment.
Pam had been so focused on trying to control her own libido while squelching the rising tension between her and Ron that she was totally unprepared for Beth's appearance, and turned to her with the classic wide eyed, deer in the headlights look.
"Well?" Beth said, standing there wearing the same baby blue nightie she'd worn that morning. The florescent light of the bathroom streaming out to produce the silhouette of her sleek body beneath the cotton gown. She took note of Pam's strange reaction, but as Ron began to speak, she made the decision to circle back around later to delve into what seemed to have Pam so flummoxed.
Ron saw Pam freeze up, and quickly decided to do his part to keep their secret, even as his eyes took in Beth's brazenly displayed silhouette. He began to speak, saying the first thing he felt fairly certain Beth would believe, "Ah, well, this is embarrassing, but we were just talking about what to get on the pizza, and well, I wasn't paying attention, and my shorts leg pulled up some, and, well, it only popped out for a second, and I put it right away. I was super embarrassed, and Pam was just telling me to not worry about it and act like it never happened." Ron finished while still keeping his drink filled hands in front of his crotch to conceal his near complete erection.
Beth looked to see Pam sheepishly nod her concurrence, then seized the opportunity, saying, "Oh, only that. I thought we all agreed not to be so uptight about our living arrangement. Remember Ron, Pam and I agreed to treat you just like family, actually just like one of the girls if I recall. Next time something like that happens, don't even worry about it. You are only human after all, and since we've decided not to really alter how we dress on vacation, just because we have you living with us, well, let's just say we will all just need to deal with little mishaps that could occur. I think we're all mature enough to realize that a teenager's body is swarming with hormones and we understand how you might, sort of, lose control to those hormones every now and then. Don't worry about it, and we won't either, and like Pam said, a little unintended exposure here and there should be treated by all of us like it's no big deal. You ok with that?"
"Ah, well, yeah I guess. It's just that, well, sometimes, like you said, I can't really control, I mean, you know, sometimes I just sort of respond, and it's almost impossible to, ah, to keep it a secret, you know? And I don't want to offend either of you, or get in trouble." Ron answered in what would have been a truthful manner as recently as yesterday, but was now simply parroting the message Beth has been laying the groundwork for ever since Amy left for the cruise ship.
Beth noted Pam's silence and visibly uneasy expression, and continued on carefully, "I understand Ron, really I do. I think as long as you remain respectful and conduct yourself properly, even if, ahem, a certain part of you doesn't, you know, cooperate, then we'll all manage to get along, don't you think so Pam?"
Pam sat there, her nipples nearly painfully erect and tenting her t-shirt, astonished at where this conversation had gone. What she had intended to be a thorough reproach of Ron so that he would retreat back to behaving as the timid boyfriend of her daughter, had spiraled into a discussion of how he could basically flaunt his enormous erections before them as if it were completely acceptable. As things now stood, the best Pam could do was downplay the situation, "Ah, I agree we should all do our best to maintain our modesty and behave accordingly. Right now, I think I need to get a quick shower. Beth why don't you go ahead and order the pizza?" Pam cut short the conversation, anxious to escape to the privacy of the bathroom, ignoring the fact she'd already showered back in the spa.
At the sound of the running water, Beth sauntered over next to Ron, still sitting on the bed, and took his nearly empty drink from his hands so she could more easily see his bulging shorts. "Oh my, you certainly weren't lying about giving my friend a little show, now were you? Why don't you order us a cheese pizza from room service, then sit tight while I take Pam a change of clothes. Maybe I'll be able to help your problem there once I've talked with Pam for a minute or two." She then retrieved the yellow nightie Pam had worn earlier that morning and slipped into the bathroom.
()()()
As soon as Pam had extracted herself from Beth's manipulative discussion about Ron's ever-present erections, she turned on the shower and leaned against the vanity, gazing into the mirror to once again collect herself, just as it seemed she'd done virtually every day since leaving Nashville. It had grown apparent that her mounting taboo thoughts and fantasies about Amy's boyfriend were stoking her smoldering arousal, leaving her in a state of constant turmoil. No matter how many times she'd established a moral position from which she'd pledged not to falter, her increasingly sex obsessed mind and perpetually stimulated body eventually won out, ultimately nudging her ever closer to the carnal temptations she knew to be so perilous. At first, the concessions she made felt relatively benign and easy to rationalize, but as this vacation progressed, so did her willingness to excuse her evolving deviant behavior.
Now, looking at herself in the mirror, she saw a sexual creature that hadn't existed back in Nashville, as the persistently aching desires she was diligently attempting to keep at bay were blatantly manifested on her face and body. From the tousled hair framing the flushed skin tone of her face and neck, to her attention demanding nipples and jiggling breasts encased within the body-molding t-shirt, and even further down, to the sinfully teeny shorts scarcely encasing the pronounced roundness of her bubbly ass while at the same time highlighting her bronzed, sleekly muscled legs, her image just oozed of a wanton and audacious sexuality.
Pam realized she needed to make a plan for the coming days, and obviously her recurring pattern of pledging to behave as June Cleaver then morphing into Mrs. Robinson was not working. With the steam now beginning to pour over the top of the shower curtain, Pam shimmied free of the tight tee and shorts, pausing briefly to admire her tanned physique in the mirror. She pledged to spend her time beneath the hot water devising a strategy to best deal with Beth, Ron and the temptations that most certainly lie ahead. And to take that first step in self control, Pam needed to find her friends large dildo to take in the shower with her.
()()()
Just as Pam had shed her second, and last, article of clothing, and just before she began to search in Beth's bag for the sex toy, her friend burst through the door with such abandon that the humid air engulfed her, molding the wispy blue nightie to her otherwise nude form.
Combining her long tanned legs and air-dried, frizzy blonde hair framing her sun-kissed face with the sexy gown, she looked to have stepped straight from the pages of a Victoria's Secret catalogue. "Oh, I thought you'd be in the shower already." Beth said, genuinely surprised to find her friend standing before her, naked. "I was just bringing you something to wear."
"You mean you were coming to take my only even semi-remotely modest outfit remaining, and exchange it for that flimsy nightgown?" Pam replied in an accusatory, yet not unfriendly tone. She knew Beth well enough to realize that she'd continue to deny having hidden her clothes and underwear, and that the conniving manipulations would continue, likely until they got back to Nashville and returned Ron to the protection of his own mother.
"Now Pam, why do you accuse me of such underhanded behavior," Beth answered with the slightest knowing grin, "you know I only wanted to bring you something comfy to wear. I mean, you may think the shorts and t-shirt are modest, but you wrap that rockin' body in anything that tight, and well, it's hardly modest. I suspect your outfit was the main reason Ron's shorts couldn't contain his, shall we say, appreciation of your attire."
Beth's reference to her "rocking" body, led Pam to glance into the mirror, and spy herself still nude, with her firm breasts jutting out proudly and her nipples fully erect. Hearing this confirmation of her own undeniable sex appeal seemed to kick in the most recent Sensuvive pill she'd unknowingly ingested, and a hot jolt of moistness exploded within her already clammy pussy.
Suddenly feeling self-conscious with her nudity, Pam grabbed a towel and allowed it to drape between her and Beth, as she responded, "Very cute Beth, but seriously, you've got to stop doing, you know, what you're doing. Your little scheming games started off as some slightly naughty fun, but after today, well, you really need to let up. I don't even know exactly how you planned that whole massage thing, but... it's all just too, well, ....just too tempting sometimes,..... I mean for Ron,.... the poor boy must be ready to explode from, you know, everything you've put him through." Pam rambled on, nearly pleading in an effort to recapture at least a bit of the moral high ground she'd been steadily surrendering. She'd made a concerted effort to blame Beth, but to her limited knowledge, she figured she'd teased Ron the most, especially when taking the locker confinement into consideration.
Beth had noted both Pam and Ron's behavior only minutes before as slightly off, and now, hearing her friend's scattered plea for relief, she suspected something more had gone on today than she'd realized, and zeroing in on what Pam had said, replied, "What do you mean after today? I was very well behaved today. I admit I did put you in a couple of bikinis that were slightly more sexy than you'd normally wear, and well, you and I did get rather naughty over lunch, but that didn't involve Ron."
Pam listened to Beth's response, barely noting how she was moving ever closer. "You look so tense, here, turn around and let me work your shoulders loose. You act like you didn't even have a massage only an hour or so ago. Are you sure Mike didn't skip past the massage and let his fingers walk in other places on your body? What went down back there to have you so on edge?" Beth prodded, trying to figure out exactly what had happened.
She was pleased Pam had complied and turned to face the mirror while she rubbed her shoulders. As if in a trance, Pam still held the towel, effectively concealing her body from her breasts down to the edge of the vanity, but her backside remained completely bare and open to Beth's gaze.
Hearing Beth probe for more information forced Pam to reassess her plan on how much to divulge of her spa adventure. She knew she wouldn't stop until she had every juicy detail. Her mind was so focused on what to say next, she barely comprehended Beth had maneuvered her in front of the vanity, and begun to massage her shoulders and upper back.
"Well?" Beth pressed for a reply, while at the same time allowing her bikini clad hips to randomly brush into Pam's bubbly, gravity-defying ass.
"Oh Beth, I feel so guilty." Pam began, deciding it might be good to confess a portion of her regretful actions, even if she lied about the true source of her anxiety. "You are right about Mike. He did way more than massage me, and well, after our day, I was so.....ah, well, receptive, it just sort of spiraled out of control." She paused for a reaction, and for the first time noticed the near constant contact between their bodies as Beth's well-manicured fingers roamed and stroked over her shoulders, arms and increasingly further down her back.
She struggled with whether or not to submit to Beth's still mostly innocent touch, or break free, and have their current conversation potentially derailed to an insincere debate about trust, friendship and an 'innocent massage'. Deciding it best to forge ahead with this limited confession about Mike, Pam remained in place and allowed the massage to continue, even as her body began to respond to the soft caresses.
"Really....wow. Well go ahead, tell me everything." Answered Beth, now intently curious if Mike did more than he'd promised her.
"It didn't take long after you all left us alone. I have to admit I was already so turned on from being the guinea pig for the massage lesson, and I guess he was too. He mostly used his hands, his fingers everywhere until I was ready to explode, and after a while, I even turned over and let him go down on me. God, it was just what I needed, well almost." Pam could sense the urgency in Beth's hands increase as her tale unfolded, and they began to roam more freely over her body.
She couldn't deny the pleasurable sensations, but battled her growing arousal in an effort to adhere to her earlier declaration to avoid this very temptation, and ploughed ahead with the Cliffsnotes version of her spa encounter. "When Mike suggested we go to the Men's Locker room and not have to worry about someone walking in on us, I knew he planned to fuck me, and I was ok with it."
"Oh my Pam, you little minx. So did you? Did you fuck him?" Beth decided to forgo asking for all the explicit details in favor of quickly discovering exactly how far they went. Still, she couldn't resist using the tale as an excuse for pushing the envelope with her sexy friend, and deftly slid her hands over Pam's shoulders, pushing the towel downward as she said, "Did he grope your perfect titties like this while he tried to slide his hard cock between your legs?"
Given what had transpired at lunch, Pam rationalized that a few moments of Beth playing with her boobs while she finished up this story wouldn't be so bad, and gave into her delightful touch as she spoke, "Umm hmmm, his hands were everywhere. But we didn't fuck, not really. I was ready, I mean you should have seen me Beth. He had me pressed against the locker, my ass jutting out and he had his penis just barely inside me, about to slam all the way in. I swear I wanted it so bad. Then, out of nowhere, we hear his wife yelling for him at the door."
"No...really, what did you do?" Beth responded, even while her hands gently stroked and squeezed Pam's sensitive breasts. Replaying the events from the spa in her mind, she realized this must have been after she'd sent Lil to break up their massage, and several minutes after she'd banished Ron to the very same locker room. Now truly intrigued to hear more, she continued, "Did she catch you in the act?"
"Thank God No. Mike managed to shove me inside the big locker just before she burst through the door." Pam truthfully confessed, deciding it best to avoid as many lies as possible, and only leave out the minor detail that Ron had been trapped naked with her the entire time.
Beth's mind was having a hard time putting it all together. She'd come in that locker room only 15 minutes or so later, to find Ron pounding Lil in the shower, with no sign of either Mike or Pam. "So, what happened next, how did you finally escape?"
Even as Pam concentrated on retelling her edited version of events, her body was steadily melting into Beth's talented hands, one of which had at some point snaked down until it was caressing her toned asscheeks. She'd certainly not intended this unexpected response to dictate her actions, but the speed with which her arousal escalated caught her off guard, and Pam unintentionally allowed a throaty moan to escape her lips.
In addition to the audible confirmation, Beth could feel Pam's body surrendering to her increasingly aggressive hands, and eager to keep her pliable, urged her to divulge more of her erotic interlude. "What happened then, I bet Mike was so worked up by you, he was ready to rape his wife, and after she'd spent her time with Ron, I bet she was more than willing, am I right?"
Now squirming beneath Beth's touch, Pam said, "Ah, well actually, umm, yeah, I could see them through the vents in the locker door, and he pulled her towel off and they were all over each other."
Sensing that she was ready to cave, Beth slipped her hands down, until she was gripping Pam's lower abdomen with her left hand, and her right slid down across her ass and between her legs. She quickly positioned her thumb at her friend's moist opening, and pressed her fingers firmly into her swollen clit. "God, this sounds so hot, no wonder you're all flustered. It's hardly fair that Mike got to take all that pent up arousal you caused, and unleash it on Lil. Can't you only imagine how it would have felt to have him absolutely ram into you from behind, pressed against that locker?"
As Beth spoke the words, she aggressively thrust her thumb as far as she could into Pam's soaked and steamy cunt. Her left hand dropped down to provide relentless pressure to her throbbing clitoris as she began to rhythmically piston her thumb with long, firm strokes.
Pam realized she'd been steadily giving in to Beth's seductive words and feathery touch, but was in no way prepared for the sudden and ferocious fucking to which she was now being subjected. Knowing she should protest held little sway with her primal response as she instinctively thrust her ass outward to meet Beth's movements. The aggressive attention being paid to her clit coupled with the steady pounding of her pussy had her gasping and moaning in advance of her pending release she'd longed for the past several days.
At that moment, a knocking on the bathroom door startled them both to silence, even though Beth maintained the position of her thumb buried in her friend's drenched pussy and fingers tenderly strumming her engorged clit, and they heard Ron's voice, "Pam? Beth? The room service guy is here, you know, with the pizza."
That bit of reality was all it took for Pam to break free of her friend, even as Beth spoke up, "Ok Ron, we'll be right there."
Beth could see the guilty panic on Pam's face, and seeking to reassure her, whispered, "Look, don't worry about this. It's no big deal. Why don't you still take your shower........maybe make it a cold one," she paused with a slight chuckle at her attempted humor, "and I'll go make sure Ron didn't hear anything, and if he did, I'll lie so convincingly that he'll believe we were just goofing around, okay?"
Pam agreed as she stepped beneath the still hot water, both relieved and disappointed to be free of Beth's touch. As the shower curtain closed, Beth grabbed her shorts and tee shirt, leaving only the yellow nightgown in its place just as she'd originally intended, and went to join Ron.
()()()
Ron had been waiting patiently as Beth had instructed, his cock still hard, hoping she'd come back and give him a blow job, or maybe even fuck him yet again, but it seemed to be taking a long time. He thought he heard some moans coming from the bathroom, but with the running shower water and the hum of the air conditioner, he wasn't sure. Just as he'd stepped over close enough to press his ear to the door, room service knocked, and he went and managed to conceal his erection long enough to take the pizza.
Now, after summoning his roommates, he was about to take the first piece when Beth stepped back into the main room. She climbed up on the bureau and stuffed Pam's clothes in the same bag with everything else on top of the TV credenza. The entire time, Ron was frozen in place, mesmerized as the flimsy gown showcased her lean legs and erect nipples.
Beth stood there for a few seconds, weighing her options. Pam would certainly be in the bathroom long enough for her to have some fun, and even though her time with Mandy had been sexually satisfying, Mandy didn't bring the big hard cock to their little massage session that was currently throbbing behind Ron's thin gym shorts, hers for the taking.
"Put that pizza down, and go sit on the edge of the bed....you are a very lucky boy right now, because I am so horny I could explode, and I have a very nice surprise for you."
Before she gave in completely to her desire, Beth thought again about her plans for tomorrow, and how she needed to position Ron in order for it to all come together. Seeing him so aggressively taking Lil in the locker room had been most surprising. If he gained too much confidence, or became desperately bold as a result of having been teased so mercilessly, it could ruin everything. She realized she really needed to understand what happened in that locker room to push him to the point of nearly raping Lil, and prompting him to talk while she tended to his ever present hard on would be the easiest, and most enjoyable way to proceed.
Ron only had to hear those instructions once, and quickly dropped the pizza back into the box, and did as he'd been told. What little softening had taken place with his prick was quickly reversed, and he sat there with his shorts about to be ripped at the seams.
Confident she'd have plenty of time to disengage upon hearing the shower turned off, Beth strode toward Ron, deliberately pulling the gown over her head. Blatantly revealing herself to him for what she knew would be a very limited amount of time seemed like the quickest way to discover what she needed to know, and as his eyes were transfixed on this unexpected treat, she maneuvered between his legs.
Beth wasted little time and immediately knelt down, tugged his cock free from his shorts, engulfed his bulbous head, and upon pulling her suctioning lips free with an audible 'plop' said, "So, Pam was in there, telling me about what happened in the locker room." She paused, now stroking his erection with the same hand that had only moments before been pleasuring Pam.
Knowing she was spreading Pam's juices over Ron's lovely cock was giving her a perverted thrill. She briefly considered letting him in on this bit of twisted depravity, but decided it would be best to minimize Ron's knowledge of Pam's evolving sexual proclivities as much as possible.
Ron's mind was spinning, having been jarred from the sensation of Beth's talented mouth on his dick, and the sight of her magnificently naked body, by her revelation that she knew about the locker. He didn't really know what to say, and was surprised Pam had told Beth about it, after she'd made him pledge to keep the secret, but obviously she knew. But he didn't dwell long on why she might have told, as he mostly just hoped that Beth would keep sucking his dick.
Seeing the confirmation in his expression that something had indeed taken place, but faced with his silence, Beth dropped her lips back to his throbbing erection and worked to take as much of his length as she could. Just at the point of gagging, she pulled free, her viscous saliva trailing from her lips down onto her hand, she began to stroke him in a deliberate manner. Seeing the animalistic longing on his face, she knew extracting the details about the spa locker room would be like taking candy from a baby.
"God Ron, hearing Pam tell me what happened made me so hot, and now seeing your cock, all swollen and angry looking, I just want to suck it till you fill my mouth with your cum." She once again lowered her head, as if to repeat her attempt to swallow him from tip to base, but stopped and held him tightly in her unmoving grasp, her lips nearly touching his glistening helmet with each word, "It will turn me on so much to hear your version. I won't stop giving you the best blowjob of your life, as long as you keep talking about the locker room, and how everything happened up until I came in and found you with Lil, okay?" She kissed his blood engorged crown tenderly; certain she'd been vague enough to have him provide a full disclosure.
"Um, well, okay," he began to speak, often grasping for words as Beth immediately began to lick up and down the length of his cock. "I was about to take a shower, ....um, and I heard Mr. Johnson coming, ...oh God, ah.... in the locker room with Pam, and.....well, I didn't really know what to do, so I hid..... in the locker. And it was so, you know, hot to watch and listen to him and Pam. ....God Beth, you're driving me crazy! .....They got naked right away and he was about to do it with her, with her pressed right against the locker. I could see her face through the vents, no more than six inches from me. But then, Lil banged on the door and started yelling for him."
As his tale unfolded, Beth started to put it all together, and said, "So, that's when Mike shoved Pam in the locker with you?"
"Yeah, it was so weird at first, us both being naked and me coated in that thick massage gel. But it was so tight in there, I guess being slippery might have helped her squeeze in."
Beth hadn't really stopped to consider that either of them, much less both, had been naked when they hid, but of course it made sense. "God... that... is ....so ....hot!" She managed to utter a single word between every lick across his sensitive head. This latest revelation shot her own arousal through the roof, and Beth shoved Ron back on the bed and climbed on top of him in the same motion. As she positioned her nearly dripping cunt over his throbbing erection, she said, "You tell me every little detail you can remember, while I enjoy your lovely cock."
"Oh god, okay. So at first we're pressed face to face, but the way Pam was positioned, my dick was almost pressing right up between her boobs, and ....." Ron continued to retell the locker adventure as best he could remember it.
As he spoke, Beth slammed down onto his thick cock with all her might. She held herself there and did her best to grip each delicious centimeter of his girth with her overstuffed pussy. Her orgasm came over her swiftly, overwhelming her with an unexpected force.
Ron could feel Beth's pussy gripping him tightly, and her body quivered as he watched her facial expression intensify as she came. Her sudden orgasm stole his attention, and he paused in his tale.
As she settled back to her senses, Beth began to slowly rotate her hips, allowing all but the tip of Ron's cock to escape her moist confinement. Still gasping for air, she hissed "Oh my, well I feel much better. Now, Ron baby, you better tell me more, or I am going to get off you and go eat a piece of pizza." To further encourage him, she sank once again down his entire length
Ron composed himself as best he could, and replied, "Ok, well, once she stood up on the ball, we were smashed together so that, you know, my dick was pressed all along her, you know, her pussy. It was maybe the hottest thing that will ever happen to me, but Pam obviously wanted to escape from that, and pivoted around so that her back was against me......"
As Ron spoke, Beth realized why Pam was so flustered. She was hearing about it second hand, and was so turned on she'd had to slip his fat dick into her smoldering cunt. Her pace was picking up and she was fast approaching another orgasm when the clanking of the pipes indicated Pam's shower had ended.
Beth stopped moving and leaned in close to Ron's face. "Ron honey, I hate to do this, but we have to stop before Pam comes out....oh, and don't tell her we talked about the locker. You see, I might have not been clear about what she'd already told me, cause it certainly wasn't that story. Maybe later you can finish it for me."
Ron stared at her in disbelief, shocked even after all the sneaky things he'd seen Beth do, that she'd been able to trick him into divulging his and Pam's secret.
As Beth swung her leg free, Ron's cock eventually slipped from her. "So, has she talked to you about what happened?"
Breaking from his stunned realization of her deception, he answered, "Yeah, while you were in the shower. She told me it was an unfortunate freak accident, and that I better not even think about it again, and that I shouldn't tell you." He finished, shaking his head at the thought of being so easily manipulated by the gorgeous naked woman standing before him.
Beth slipped her gown on over her head, saying, "Well, I think you better listen to her. She was just telling me in the bathroom that she is concerned about your behavior from now until we go home. It would be terrible to have made it this far only to have her have to call your parents." She paused, glad to see a somber look on Ron's face. "Now, how about some pizza?"
()()()
Pam slipped on the yellow gown, and unlike the first time she'd worn it earlier that morning, was well aware of its propensity to become transparent when backlit. Now, however, she didn't even have the minor consolation of wearing any panties as she stared at herself in the mirror, her still damp hair sexily framing her face. Her lack of underwear wasn't completely obvious, well, besides the fact that her seemingly perpetually erect nipples were clearly tenting the thin cotton nightie. She'd refrained from masturbating in the shower, as the guilt that followed her erotic interlude with Beth led her to opting for a cool shower instead, yet still in hopes of dampening her arousal, at least a little bit.
But as she took in her image, and thought of once again being forced to present herself to Ron as if she'd been plucked from the pages of a Playboy, led to a hot, moist combustion within her loins. And knowing that he'd basically been given the green light to flaunt his attention demanding penis beneath his snug shorts only made matters worse.
'It's only one more day, you can resist.' Pam whispered to the lust inducing image in the mirror. 'Just go out there, treat the whole perverted situation as normally as possible, and things will work out.' Then she turned and opened the door to join the others, knowingly allowing the bathroom light to frame her silhouette as she stood in the doorway.
The rest of the night passed without incident. Beth was content to let everyone simmer in the stew of temptation she'd cooked up, and Ron was content to enjoy the scenery provided by the women, as they moved about the room, occasionally providing a glimpse down their neckline, or lingering in front of a lamp to offer up an erotic view through the nearly sheer gown. He eventually grew quite comfortable with displaying his bulging shorts as nonchalantly as possible, even though he was so horny he could scream. He didn't know exactly what Beth was up to, but was certain he should follow her lead, and evidently, she'd decided they'd all been through enough for today.
Pam was far from content. Her body was virtually humming with arousal. Seeing Ron's cock so clearly outlined, and having each of them act as if it didn't even exist, was driving her crazy. Her mind kept flashing back to the way it had felt, slipping and sliding over her body as they'd been forced together in the locker. The end of this day couldn't come quick enough, and Pam was the first to snuggle beneath the relative safety of the bed she'd be sharing with Beth.
More to come....
author's note: I had originally intended to have this chapter end after their next day together, but realized the length of the story was growing, as was the number of months since I last provided an update on Ron and his ladies. So I found a place to cut it off, and posted chapter 18. Having a relatively "slow" chapter after the exhilaration of the locker encounter seems right to me, and I hope you agree.
Thanks for the ongoing comments and favorable votes, those are the things that bring me back to this tale, after all these years.
Below is a tiny excerpt of what I have planned for the next chapter.
Jack.
Sneak peek to CH. 19
Beth woke early, anxious to lay the groundwork for what she had planned. She'd been spending virtually every moment of downtime on this vacation fantasizing about how this particular day might play out, and now was the time to bring it to fruition. The timing of their condo stay versus the docking of the ship in Miami had required them to head on back to the mainland, and spend one more day, and night, before Amy, Sue and Dave would return. They'd known from the start that this was part of the agenda, and Beth had volunteered to find them a room, even before they'd left Nashville and well before her twisted plans for Ron and her friend had taken hold in her brain.
Now, Beth couldn't have been more pleased she'd gotten the reservations. She and her ex had often come to Miami. It was a fun, sexy getaway where they could let loose without fear of seeing anyone that might know them. They always stayed at the same little boutique hotel in South Beach. The owner, a slightly older, yet dapper gentleman, had grown quite fond of them, or more specifically, Beth and the way she flirted with him, wore minimal clothing, and seldom closed the drapes to their room, which coincidentally, faced the owner's office window. So when she snuck away the day before, and called Thomas to ask for a favor, he'd been only too happy to comply.
With Pam in the shower yet again, Beth slipped on a snug sundress, the light green color making her iridescent eyes pop, while contrasting nicely to her bronzed skin and blonde hair. She finished packing her suitcase, and after tossing a pair of shorts and a polo shirt to Ron, she stealthily slipped into the bathroom to retrieve Pam's own relatively modest dress she'd intended to wear. After leaving the new white dress in its place, she slipped from the bathroom and finished packing up all of Pam's remaining clothes, then summoned the hotel bell boy, whom she'd already primed for his task with a $50 tip, to have their luggage taken directly to their charter flight airline.
Ron dressed in the clothes provided, not questioning Beth about her actions, and not the least bit surprised she'd not given him any underwear. After watching her strip naked and slip the provocative green dress over her head, his dick was swollen thick in anticipation of what might await him today. Although short of actually having sex with Pam, he couldn't imagine anything surpassing the adventures of yesterday.
"BETH!", Pam shouted from the bathroom, breaking Ron's thoughts of the spa locker room.
Beth winked at Ron, flashed him a devious little smirk and before entering the bathroom, whispered, "I guess Pam wants to thank me for the sexy white dress I laid out for her today, you know the one, I tried it on for you at the boutique the other day."
.
.
.
.
.
By the time they landed in Miami, Ron's cock had softened, but only slightly. Sitting between Beth and Pam for the 45 minute flight had been exquisitely torturous. The amount of tanned thighs and cleavage on display kept most every male's head within three rows on a swivel. As Ron sat there glancing from one set of protruding nipples to the other, he thought that even if they had both worn just a normal pair of shorts and a polo shirt, their gorgeous faces and fit bodies would have still turned heads. He was hopeful for what lie ahead, but ever since Beth had made her little speech about Pam's dress mix up, there had been no touching, no innuendo from Beth, in fact they had both behaved as uninterested in his cock as anytime on this trip. He didn't know exactly what that meant, but he knew the general game plan of conveying an innocent naiveté, and just had to wait for Beth to direct him on what to do.
As they de-boarded in Miami International, Beth suggested that Ron go with Pam to get the car from long term parking, and she would wait at the baggage carousel for their luggage. Having them leave her alone for the luggage was critical, and she was thankful Pam agreed without any push back.
As soon as Beth strolled into the baggage area, now carrying only her small carry-on bag, she spotted Thomas. His eyes devoured her as they neared. She had filled him in on the basics of her plan, and as she gave him a lingering, full body hug, he whispered in her ear, "This kid with you is one lucky little SOB."
"Well, don't forget, you will get a front row seat, that's part of our deal. I'll leave our blinds open enough for you to see everything. As long as you do our part, it should all come together." Beth responded, feeling the older man's growing penis prodding her hip.
As soon as their three bags came around the conveyer, Beth grabbed them and put them on a cart for Thomas to wheel out to his awaiting taxi. She gave him a quasi-sexual kiss near his ear, saying, "Thank you so much sweetie, we'll be in your lobby in a bit."
It took another 25 minutes for Pam and Ron to return with the car, and for Beth to explain the lost luggage, and how she'd been round and round with the airline. In fact, she had gone to the lost luggage counter, and simply asked for a claim form. She filled it out completely, making up airline info where appropriate, like agent number, claim number and so on. As she showed it to Pam, the form clearly stated they expected the luggage to be returned to them the next day.
Pam was fairly certain Beth was up to no good, but she did have a form from the airline, and these things did happen to people, and even if Beth was lying, they weren't getting their bags today. As they drove down Ocean Blvd, it dawned on Pam that between the four of them, they possessed a total of four pieces of clothing.
At the hotel, Beth and Thomas acted as if they'd never met, so when he told them there had been a mix up with their room, Beth blasted him as planned. Pam joined in, having been clinging to the idea of Ron having a separate room in their two room suite. Now they were back to one room yet again. Thomas apologized profusely, while leading them to their second floor room. It was very nice, but it didn't even contain two beds, as they'd had on the island. One king sized bed.
Hearing yet another round of complaints, Thomas responded, "I am so sorry. We are completely booked up, as is every hotel in the city. There are about 4 large conventions in town, and there are no vacancies to be found. I tell you what, why don't you go out to a nice dinner, it will be on me." He said, handing Pam two $100 dollar bills. "While you're out, I'll make some calls on the off chance a room frees up, or at least try to track down a roll-a-way cot."
Beth had to suppress a grin at seeing the cash. This hadn't been part of the deal, but she figured that when Thomas saw Pam, and realized he'd be able to watch her through the opened blinds, he stepped up his efforts to make this work as she'd planned.