We have had an awesome day, and you have been especially romantic, sweet and playful. I am feeling sexy and a bit daring. You see the naughty twinkle in my eye and start to imagine possibilities for the evening. We are a bit buzzed from one glass of wine plus a bit of reefer when we board the Wine Train.
As we both love trains, we've booked the longer dinner tour, which arrives back an hour or so later than the regular dinner train.
Everyone is dressed very festively. You look very handsome, and have even worn a jacket over your starched white dress shirt and jeans, and I am wearing a very-low-cut red wrap-around dress with a full skirt. You seem pleased.
To ward off the night-time chill, I carry a sparkly gold shawl.
We enjoy the ride and the meal, having another glass of wine 🍷 and staring out the windows at the amazing view as day turns to night.
Our fellow passengers, sedated by the food and wine, and lulled by the movement of the train, are mostly asleep in the darkened car. You grab me by the hand, smiling wickedly, and pull me out of my seat.
You lead me downstairs, out of the first-class car and into the unoccupied cars behind us. You bring me further back, Towards the open area between that, and the next car. The air is cool and thrilling, and it whips both of our faces as you pull me close. You kiss me passionately, first softly, then more insistently. The darkened wineries, awash with tiny, twinkling lights, are breathtaking in the semi-darkness, but this beauty is lost beyond my closed eyes. You lick my face, then my neck, and then, slowly, deliriously, the exposed skin of my chest, and I am breathless, so hot I cannot think at all about anything but this, and you. You turn me around (mumbling something about the view), and stand behind me. You take my hands and place them on my huge, 38D tits, your hands covering them, and your strong hands squeeze my hands, causing an intense Pressure on my nipples. It is all too
Much for me and I swoon against you.
You stop suddenly, grab my hand again, that wicked look returning to your face, and lead me back into the unoccupied car. You sink into one of the plush gold velvet chairs lining the windows and beckon for me to sit on your lap.
I do, and you are already hard. I feel it and gasp, grinding my ass further into you, nearly Losing myself in the feeling of your hard cock on my ass.
You are nibbling my shoulders, and kissing my neck and the side of my face, and I lose all semblance of rational thought.
I slowly move just the back of my dress up inch by inch, not letting you know, carefully splaying it out to completely cover the front of us and finally, I softly drop my shawl to cover the bunched up skirt between us at your lap.
You have no clue what I am doing until I reach underneath it all, between us, and begin to unbuckle your belt and pull out your huge, hot cock. You begin to protest, but your throbbing cock gives you away, and you give up, knowing your protests are futile. Your hot, hard dick touches my cool, bare ass, sending a jolt of electricity through me, straight to my pussy, and I can tell You have been jolted by it too.
We are both now beyond thought, swayed by the rhythm of the train on the rickety tracks, buzzed by the wine and the weed, and wild with lust. You move my panties to the side with one hand, nearly ripping them, inserting your finger into my wetness and removing it to tap and swirl on my Clit, making me dizzy and weak. I moan as you continue kissing my neck, and turn my face to yours. We are kissing harder now, almost , but not quite, painfully. I take your cock and guide it to my pussy, and i surprise and delight you with my restraint, lowering myself so that you enter me one millimeter at a time, so slowly we are both completely caught up in the sensation until that space where we meet is all there is and all we can feel is the slow, wet, throbbing slide of you into me. However the train does not play along with my slow game. It suddenly jerks, sending me slamming down upon you, making us both cry out loud.
I begin to move with more speed on top of you, relentlessly up and down, fucking you now with abandon, as you pinch my nipples through my dress. I beg you to pinch them harder, and I turn my head to you, lick and bite your neck softly, and whisper hotly in your ear that I am about to come. You moan that you are too.
Suddenly You hear someone in the middle car approaching our car, singing
Loudly, and alert me. We both freeze, and make every effort to appear as if I am just romantically sitting on your lap, innocently chatting. The full skirt serves its purpose to hide our bodies, but not the intense smell of hot sex.
The passenger, drunk and still singing, barely seems to notice we are there. He walks past us as we sit super-still, your cock fully sheathed within me. My juices run down my thighs and trickle down your balls as we sit there, frozen in time. Just as the passenger passes us, the train jerks again, sending you slamming inside me even deeper, and you go for broke, grabbing my hips forcefully, pulling me up, then slamming me down, for one final, excruciatingly pleasurable thrust, making us both come immediately, and hard, panting for breath, just as the oblivious passenger opens the door beyond us and exits the car.
I am still coming, and cry out in ecstasy; you cover my mouth with your hand and you chuckle sexily into my ear. You reach beneath my skirt, dipping your fingers in our juices from my pussy and thighs and licking them, saving some for me. I lick, then Suck Your fingers clean.
We both quickly rearrange ourselves, and hurry back to our elegant, darkened first-class car. You ask the waiter for something dry and bubbly to celebrate the evening. When it arrives, we toast each other. What a night it's been!