Partially inspired by my own time at university, this is the story of two friends who embark on a series of increasingly daring adventures. Any comments or feedback are much appreciated, hope you enjoy!
*****
Chapter Four - Serena's turn
'Basically,' said Jess, absolutely delighted, 'she's going to have to streak the library!'
Jericho turned and chuckled at the blushing Serena, who squealed in embarrassment. 'Oh really? So is that one of the tasks?'
'God, I'm actually blushing. No I will not be streaking the library, but it's almost as bad,' Serena pushed her phone over to him. 'Look, you can take a picture there and you get ten points if you do it naked.'
Jericho studied the description. 'Yeah but you still get five if you're in your underwear, why not do that?'
'Jerry we have no time! I have to be ready by tomorrow evening ok, and even if I get ten for that then I still have to find another twenty points.'
'Alright then, what are the other big hitters?'
This time it was Jessica who leant over and took charge. 'So there's a bunch where she's just being a brat and refusing to do them,' Serena snorted in indignation. 'See here, go into a random lecture and get on a desk to sing a song, points for how long a performance you give, that would be easy to do.'
'No I'd actually die of shame,' Serena sighed. 'And I can't sing for shit.'
Jessica continued to criticise. 'Won't do the one where you have to film yourself eating six raw eggs...'
'I'm vegan!'
'Won't ask a random stranger to motorboat her...'
'What if they said yes?'
'And so,' Jessica concluded, 'We have to resort to the naughty ones. Now admittedly most of these are quite extreme...'
'No kidding, look at this nonsense. Submit a sex tape with a flatmate, thirty points straight away. But who the hell is going to do that?'
I know someone who might give it a go, Jericho thought wistfully.
'But there are two other ten pointers which would mean we could hit the target in time for tomorrow. So the first is hilarious...'
*****
'Hey I got your text, what's up?' Holly bounded up to Jericho and clasped his arm tightly. The two of them hugged and hurried to catch up Serena and Holly who were striding off ahead.
'You remember Serena's scavenger hunt?'
'Oh yeah, how's it going?'
'She's just about to start.' Jericho quickly explained the situation to Holly, who giggled with excitement. The first task that Serena was going to try was to go and dance in the water fountain that was in the pond outside the humanities building. Points were awarded based on your state of undress, five for fully dressed, seven for a white t shirt with underwear underneath, and ten for just the top.
'Oh so that's why she's wrapped up in that big jumper,' laughed Holly. 'Poor thing must be chilly, she has my sympathies.'
A few minutes later and the quartet arrived at the water's edge. It was only midday and the campus was alive and busy, students flowing past them in their droves. A couple of geese watched them suspiciously as Serena nervously turned to face them. 'Oh hi Holls, glad you got invited to enjoy the show.'
'Wouldn't miss it for the world. I can't believe you're about to do this girl!'
'Man I don't think I can...'
Jessica held her hand out. 'Come on, the quicker we get this over with, the quicker you'll be back home.'
'Come on Serena you got this.' Holly chorused, and Jericho also offered his words of encouragement.
'Jesus Christ.' Serena looked about nervously then snapped into action. 'Jay your phone has the best camera so you're filming, Jess you've got the towel for after right? Ok. Ok, let's go.' The rugby player slipped off her sliders, not having bothered with socks, then quickly pulled off her jogging bottoms, handing them to Jessica. 'Guys even the grass is damp, this is so gross.' Next she crossed her arms and ripped off her jumper, leaving her standing there in a baggy white t shirt that she had borrowed from Jericho. You could already see her nipples poking through the fabric and the hem was only just long enough to cover her down below. Serena turned and skipped into the shallows, shrieking as her toes dipped below the surface. 'It's fucking freezing!' As the others laughed and cheered behind her she began to wade forward, the weeds and lily pads only making it up to her knees before the muddy surface levelled out.
'Get in there, get wet!' Jessica hollered, as Jericho focused on recording his friend's escapade.
Serena approached the large fountain which was shooting a jet of water into the air, splattering down in a circular arc around it. Grimacing she stepped forward and let the first spurt of water rain down onto her, calling out again in astonishment at the shock of the cold. Holly watched on, slightly jealous, as she spun around to let herself become completely drenched, tossing her hair and twirling her body about as she danced around the pond. People had stopped to watch her performance, and some cheered appreciatively at her bravery. Serena decided she had done enough to pass the challenge, and looked down to see her t shirt was entirely soaked, slightly see through and plastered to her skin. Her boobs, belly and thighs were clearly displayed, pressed tightly against her top, and she bashfully held the front away from her as she nipped back to her friends.
'Jess, towel, Jericho, stop looking!' She quickly dried off her hair, then flinched as she had to pull her jumper over her sodden shirt.
'Don't do that, your jumper will get wet too! Just take off the t shirt.' Both Serena and Jessica turned to look at Holly as if she were crazy, then Serena pulled on her bottoms and the group quickly deserted the scene, leaving their onlookers behind.
*****
Half an hour later and she had warmed up with a quick shower, then re-joined the others in the kitchen. They were all hunched around Jericho watching the video, and Serena gasped when she saw how see through her top had really become. 'Oh my god guys look away!' She grabbed the phone off them, despite their complaints. 'Alright Jerry I'm sending this to myself ok, then deleting it.'
'Spoil sport.'
'So Serena,' Holly asked, 'It will be evening soon and you've still got twenty more points to make up right? So, what's next on the agenda?'
'Ah.' Serena and Jessica exchanged a knowing look. 'Well the next one is a bit awkward. I've got the library one for later but there is one more I need to do first.' She pulled up the list of tasks again and passed the phone to Holly, who read it and gasped. Then all three girls slowly turned to look at Jericho.
'What?'
Holly slid over the phone and Jericho looked down. 'Take a picture with a member of the opposite sex. For guys you get five points if the girl lets you kiss her, seven if she flashes her butt, and ten if she lets you touch her boobs. For the girls you get five points if you kiss the guy, seven if he flashes his butt, and ten if he lets you hold his dick... Seriously Serena?'
Serena was blushing again. 'Jerry I know, I don't want to do this believe me, but if we do this then I only need to do one more task afterwards. And I'd ask one of the other guys but I trust you the most, it might be awkward but you won't be a creep about it. Please? Would you?'
'Man I don't know, this is kind of ridiculous...'
'It would be anonymous at least.' Jessica chirped in, watching Jericho squirm. Holly was staying very quiet, and he wondered what she thought about this. The others didn't know about the two of them yet, so he couldn't really say why doing this with Serena would be even more inappropriate than it already was.
'Jerry I will buy you drinks on the next night out. And do your next bin rota. Come on, that's a great deal.' Jericho rolled his eyes and was just about to refuse outright when Holly interrupted.
'Come on Jay, don't be a wimp. Help a girl out why don't you.' Well, he hadn't been expecting that. She was looking at him with an entirely expressionless face, and he wasn't sure if this was a test of some kind.
'Please Jay, please?'
Sigh. 'Ok fine, I'll do it, but we're never speaking of this again after. And it better be a lot of drinks.'
Serena clapped and Jessica laughed. 'You angel! Guys I think we might actually be able to pull this whole thing off, I thought it was all over before now. Ok, we can use my room?' Once again the four of them filed off into the corridor.
'Do the other two really need to see this?' Jericho was becoming genuinely nervous, he wasn't the sort who enjoyed being on display, and he was worried about Jessica and Serena's reactions.
'No that's true,' Serena let them in and ushered Jericho into the middle of the carpet, 'This could be a selfie.'
'What, that's not fair.' Jessica bounced down onto the bed, and Holly joined her. 'I want to see.'
'Jess!' Jericho protested.
'What, like you wouldn't want to see if it was the other way round.'
'Right come on Jerry. Let's be having you.' Serena nodded down at his jeans. 'Chop chop.'
'Don't worry, we can't see anything.'
Jericho turned so that his back was to the pair on the bed, and looked anxiously at Serena. 'You sure about this?'
'We've got no choice Jerry. Now come on, no one will know it's you apart from me, I'm the one who will look like an idiot, posing with a dick in my hand.'
'Ok, if you're sure.' Jericho undid his belt and slid his jeans down slightly, revealing his boxers. 'Umm, I should say, it was quite cold out there.'
'Oh God.'
'And I'm assuming you don't the full show, but at the same time, I don't want you seeing me at my worst...'
'For Christ's sake Jerry, just do what you need to do. But not hard ok, I still have to hold the damn thing.'
'Right, not hard, just heavy.'
'Guys I'm dying.' Jessica was in hysterics on the bed. 'This is hilarious.'
Serena averted her eyes skywards as Jericho rummaged around in his shorts with a hand, trying to tease himself out to a respectable length.
'Enjoying yourself?'
'Shut up.'
'He's probably thinking of your pond video.'
'Not helping Jessica.'
'Think of the life model.'
'Ok I'm ready.' Jericho felt he had reached a respectable level of arousal and going any further would be indecent.
'Great.' Serena got her phone and flipped the camera, then sank to her knees by his side with her head next to his hip. 'Whip it out big boy.'
'Easy...' Jericho wondered what he was doing with his life, then decided to just commit and eased down the waistband of his underwear, letting his cock and balls pop out and bob gently in front of him.
'Oh my God!' Serena looked away sniggering and Jericho instinctively covered himself with his hands, embarrassed. 'No sorry sorry, you look fine. It's just like bam, penis you know? I'm too sober for this.'
'Nice butt Jerry.' Jessica reached out a toe and poked his behind playfully. 'I'm liking the view, even if it's not as impressive as Serena's.'
'Can we just take the damn photo?'
'Yes sorry, I'm ready.' Serena composed herself and held out the phone, angling it at Jericho's crotch. 'So can I touch you?'
'Yes, just be quick.'
'Ok.' Cautiously Serena reached out and gently placed her palm under his shaft, raising it slightly in front of him. 'Ok...' Slowly she curled her fingers around until he was being held in her grasp, and she glanced up to check she wasn't doing anything wrong. Jericho was trying very hard to not think of anything at all, least of all the very attractive athlete that was touching him in a way that only ever led to one outcome. He closed his eyes and started doing some long division in his head, as Serena checked the framing on her screen one more time. Striking a dramatic shocked pose, she held her head slightly closer to his body and captured the precious snapshot. With her mouth wide open in feigned shock, in such close proximity to her friend's equipment, there was a palpable tension in the room. She hesitated slightly before letting go, the warmth and girth of the meat in her hand was a very pleasant feeling, and she could feel a very subtle growth occurring as blood continued flowing to the region. Resisting the urge to give it a cheeky stroke, or an even cheekier peck, she let go and stood up as Jericho hurriedly tucked himself away.
'Jerry you're a life saver, and I promise no one other than the society execs will ever see this photo.'
'You're welcome.' Serna smiled and extended her hand, and Jericho shook it, releasing some of the awkwardness between them. 'Pleasure doing business with you.'
'I'm expecting so, so many drinks.'
'Noted.'
'Well,' Jessica heaved herself up and checked her watch, 'Whilst that was bizarre, I do have a lecture I need to run for. What time are you planning the library trip Serena?'
'Eleven maybe? It should be dead by then right?'
'Ok, well I'll see you all here later and we can go together. I can't wait!' She hugged them all goodbye and departed, Holly following as she too had a class starting soon. Jericho wandered back to his room and collapsed onto the bed, still worn out from his morning's exertions with Holly. He dozed off for a while and was woken by his phone buzzing in his pocket. Speak of the devil...
*very bored*
*your lecture only started ten minutes ago*
*and yet, so bored*
Jericho rolled his eyes.
*annoyed at you too*
Oh God. *what, why*
*well i thought i had you all to myself here, but apparently serena gets to have a go with you too*
*seriously? i thought i was meant to do it, from what you said*
*i thought i'd give you the chance to make the right decision*
*and did i*
*no*
*are you actually annoyed*
*absolutely fuming*
*really*
*livid mate*
Jericho smiled at her teasing.
*well, anything i can do to make it up to you*
*there is one thing, maybe*
*what*
*let me see it*
Jericho didn't like to admit it, but being on display with Jessica and Holly in the background had been weirdly stimulating, and this conversation was the tiny bit of help he needed to start getting excited again. He quickly shucked off his jeans and boxers and began to massage himself.
*you've already seen it*
*and i've already forgotten*
*wow, is it really not that memorable*
*not sure, you'll have to ask serena and her rugby friends*
*hahaj*
*nice typo*
*sorry, it's hard typing with one hand...* He was really getting turned on again now, and he waited to see her response to his bait.
*oh my. come on then 'big boy', let me see*
He took a picture of his hand holding his semi, and quickly sent it to her.
*not bad, not bad. but i want to see you get hard.*
*really*
*show me what serena wanted to see*
This time he opted for a video, and slowly and deliberately rubbed himself up and down a few times as he moved his phone in for a close up, getting harder with each stroke. He sent that too and then leant back, continuing to play with himself.
*how's that*
*wow. keep going*
*you like this do you*
*oh yes. the girl next to me nearly saw that though, so i'm having to hide the screen*
Before that might have alarmed Jericho, but right now he couldn't care less.
*just keep this between me, you and serena please, not some maths girl too*
*oh don't worry, i don't want to share. now get really hard*
Jericho decided to push his luck.
*i can't just do it on command, i need something to look at you know*
*just think of me, think of our time in the showers together*
*my imagination isn't that good i'm afraid*
*hmm. and i suppose you don't have any pictures of me lying around*
*not the kind i want*
*ok. give me a sec*
Jericho wondered what she had planned. He knew she was ballsy, but what exactly could you do in a packed lecture theatre? A few moments later and her next message answered his question. He opened a video which showed Holly looking down at her camera, trying to casually check if she was in shot. Satisfied that she was, she nonchalantly moved her phone in towards her, whilst pretending to pay attention to the lecturer that Jericho could hear droning on in the background. With her other hand she rummaged briefly under the desk, before slowly raising her arm and pulling her jumper up as she did so. The left side of her torso gradually came into view as her eyes darted between the screen and her surroundings, and Jericho watched with bated breath as she reached the bottom of her breast. With one last glance to the side she quickly lifted her top up revealing her boob, and grinning she shook her chest gently, before letting go of the fabric to give her nipple a quick pinch, then smoothing it back down so she was covered again. She then briefly panned her camera left and right to show the row of students she sat in, some scribbling furiously into their notebooks, some staring wearily at their phones. With a final wink the video ended, and Jericho went to town on himself, immediately ready to burst.
*was that the sort of thing you had in mind*
He couldn't respond, and with a final burst of motion he finished himself off, erupting over his belly and tired wrist. He took a picture of the mess and let that be his reply.
*omg. omg*
*yeah, that was intense*
*i might have to send you pics more often if that's going to be the response*
*i wouldn't say no*
*hope you've got some left for me though when i get back though*
*always xxx*
*****
After Jericho had cleaned himself up he managed a solid couple hours of revision without interruption, before a glance at the clock told him it was time for dinner. He made food and took it back to his room to continue working, before a knock on the door heralded the return on Serena.
'Jessica and Holly are already at the library and so we're going to meet them there.'
Jericho grabbed his coat and followed her down the corridor. 'Ok great. So, you nervous about this one too? More or worse than the pond?'
'Ah I don't know really. Like hopefully if we're careful then no one will see me in this one? But obviously if anyone does turn up I'm screwed...'
'Yeah...'
'And I'm not really one for taking naked photos, let alone in public.'
'You're kidding.'
'I know right.'
'You managed to do the first one though, in front of everyone, I'm sure you'll be ok.'
'Thanks, let's hope so! Then that's thirty points in the bag and I just need to survive the initiation night.'
After a walk across campus they met the other two in the empty library cafe, and began to devise a plan. Jessica and Holly peppered Serena with questions.
'So you have to be completely naked?'
'Yes.'
'No shoes?'
'I'm not sure, they didn't explicitly say but I think better safe than sorry right?'
'Any it can be anywhere in the library?'
'Anywhere as long as you can clearly tell where I am.'
'Right. What are you wearing under the coat?'
'What? Normal clothes man.'
'Ok. Well, where do you want to do it?'
Serena glanced about to see if anyone was around to overhear them, but still they were alone. 'Well from whenever I've been there, the third and fourth floors seem to be the quietest, everyone works in silence but there's quite a few people going round stacking the shelves. The first and second floors are busier and louder, but there's less staff. And then the fifth floor is always pretty dead, but there are only desks there so you can't really hide.'
Jessica thought carefully. 'I think the quiet floors would be less risky, but the staff might notice a group of floor walking around together, especially at this time of night. Maybe floor two then, there will be more people but that might help us be less obvious.'
'Annoyingly I think you're right. Shall we go in and see how it's looking?' The others agreed and they all went to sign in at the main desk. A university library is never empty, not even one of these twenty four hour ones, and sure enough the first floor was still populated by several small study groups, chatting quietly together, and several jaded looking students working at the computer stations. Floor two was a bit better, definitely calmer, and the four of them sat down around a table to assess the situation. One half of the floor was filled with tables and computers, and the other by ceiling high shelves packed with books. These seemed pretty deserted, although occasionally someone would appear from them with a hardback in their hand.
'I think here looks ok?' Serena looked around nervously, absentmindedly fiddling with her coat's zip.
'Unless you want to check the higher floors?'
'No I think the staff would notice too quickly, here we blend in at least.'
Holly finally spoke up. She had been strangely silent, thought Jericho, and hadn't alluded to their earlier shenanigans at all. But this sort of thing was her forte, albeit secretly. 'Do you think you should take some stuff off before? You're more likely to get caught if you take ages getting undressed.'
Jessica agreed. 'Yeah, you should take some things off in the bathroom first, like at the pond.'
'Ok yeah, I guess. Shit guys, I can't believe I'm going to do this! We should have got drunk before, it would make it a lot easier.'
'Yeah but then you would have ended up streaking,' laughed Jessica, 'here, take my bag and leave some stuff in it.'
'Thanks, right see you in a second.'
Serena padded off and Holly watched her go ruefully. 'The girl is committed to rugby, you have to give her credit. And she's got guts too.'
'Definitely, I wouldn't do this, not for any society. What about you Jerry?'
'You kidding? I've earnt her a third of her points, I should be an honorary member.'
'I'm sure the exec will honour your member when they go through her submissions.'
'Ha haaa.'
Serena soon returned with her coat slung over her arm, still wearing her jumper and trackies, with her trainers loosely tied. 'Ok my socks and underwear are in there, so I just need to take two things off when we're ready.' Jessica took the bag and jacket and stood up.
'Perfect, then let's go choose you an aisle!' They walked to the far end of the floor where the most remote row of shelves were, checking down each little corridor as they went. No one seemed to be about and so Jessica set down her things and turned to Serena. 'So how are we doing this?'
'Jess, do you mind taking the picture? I can't get my whole body in a selfie, and I'm not messing around with the timer thing.'
'It would be an honour.'
'Aright, relax. So then Holls and Jerry, can you two stand at each end of the aisle and be lookouts? Let me know if someone is coming?'
'Yeah sure,' Holly nodded, 'How about a loud cough, is that enough of a signal?'
'Sure, but a properly loud one ok, very loud. And no peeking you two, I'm embarrassed enough as it is.'
Holly rolled her eyes. 'I'll try.' And so they all took up their positions, Holly and Jericho leaning against the shelves with their backs to Serena, giving them a line of sight down the walkways that led towards their impromptu photo shoot, and Jessica waiting with her phone in the middle of the aisle.
'You know,' she said, stooping slightly and looking back the way they had come, 'because of all the gaps in the books you can actually see all the way back to the other side of the floor.'
'Jess that is not helping!' Serena hissed. 'What am I meant to do with that information?'
'Get your kit off quickly?'
'Screw you.' Jericho listened to their exchange and thought it was a good job they had chosen a noisier floor, otherwise they would have stood out for being way too loud. He could see a couple of students at the other end of the bookshelves milling around but they weren't coming near them, so he turned to look out of the window. Oh. The window. It ran perpendicular to the aisle he stood in, and given that it was now pitch black outside he was awarded with a clear reflection of the scene unfolding behind him. He slyly turned his head further to the side, allowing himself a better view as he watched a reversed image of Serena kicking off her trainers and standing bare foot on the carpet.
'Ok actually I am shy, Jess can you turn around, just for a moment?'
'Haha sure.'
Jericho pretended not to watch as Jessica turned her back on Serena, who crouched to take one last look through the books into the next row, before straightening and reaching for the base of her jumper. Almost shaking with nervous energy she stripped the top up and over her head before chucking it onto the bag containing the rest of her clothes, revealing her bare back to the wide eyed Jericho.
'Ready?' Jessica was impatient.
'No!' Serena was quicker with her trousers, quickly peeling them off and stumbling slightly as she got them over her ankles, and giving Jericho an amazing view of her butt, bathed in the harsh light of the library. He knew he shouldn't be peeking, but he wasn't going to stop now, and anyway she had seen him in a similar state earlier. The now naked Serena then turned to a shelf and picked up two large textbooks, and Jericho caught a flash of a nipple as she reached out to grab them. She opened one and balanced it precariously across her chest, then positioned the other one over her crotch, before telling Jessica it was ok to turn back around.
'Wait what? What are you doing?'
'What do you mean?' Serena glared at her friend as she stood awkwardly with her makeshift covering, acutely aware of the surreal feeling of the warm air tickling her behind. 'I'm naked aren't I?'
'So you can't wear shoes but you can hide everything with books?'
'But I'm not wearing any clothes am I, that's the important bit.'
'I'm not sure Serena hun, will they accept this as doing the task? I'm just thinking of you, that's all.'
Serena paused, clearly unsure of what to do but unwilling to go any further, when her worrying was rudely interrupted by a very unsubtle bout of coughing from Holly's end of the aisle. For a moment she froze as her blood turned ice cold, but then her instincts kicked in and she sprang into action.
'Fucking shit! Shit!' Still clasping her books she darted forwards towards Jessica's bag and stooped to crouch next to it. 'Jess! Stop looking! Go stop them!' She dropped the books to the floor and used both hands to untangle her jumper, and Jessica stole a quick look at her friend's jiggling boobs before turning to go and see what was up. But there at the end of the row wasn't a startled stranger, but Holly struggling to hold back her laughter.
'Oh, you're good.' Holly grabbed Jessica's arm as she bent over with her hand over her mouth, silently in hysterics. Serena had managed to get her top on and looked up to see the pair grinning back at her.
'Oh my God, are you serious? I had a fucking heart attack!'
Holly had tears in her eyes. 'I'm so so sorry, honestly, but Serena your face! Oh that was priceless, I'm actually dying. I just couldn't resist.'
'If you ever do that again you will be dead! I can't believe you, that was awful.'
'Holls you are actually evil.' Jessica was laughing too. 'I've never seen anyone move so fast, that must be some sort of record.'
'Guys, can I turn back round yet?' Called Jericho from the other end.
'No!' Serena panickily hissed back. 'I'm not decent from your side.'
I know, thought Jericho smugly, pretending again to look out for intruders. Serena still hadn't got up from beside the bag, and was just sitting on her heels with her arms wrapped around her bare legs.
'Holly get back in position, and don't mess around this time, my nerves can't take it. Jess, turn around again.' The girls did as they were told, and Jericho angled his head again to watch Serena pull off her jumper once more, pick up her books and stand up in the same pose as before. 'Ok I'm ready, quickly.'
Jessica pulled out her phone and proceeded to take a series of photos. 'Come on, smile. How about we lower those books?'
'Shut up and no, are you done yet?'
'Yeah? But seriously, jokes aside, do you think they'll accept these pics and give you the whole ten points? You're showing way less skin than if you were in underwear.'
'Shit I don't know man, I thought this was a good loophole but now you've put doubt in my mind.'
'I've got an idea,' chimed in Holly, back still turned. 'If it's nudity they want, but you don't want to show too much, how about a picture from behind? Then it's obvious you're not wearing anything, but all they see is your booty.'
Jess nodded. 'That's actually a good idea, and come on you can show some butt right, that's not a big deal.'
Serena mulled it over for a moment before sighing. 'Yeah I guess that works? There's no way they can say I cheated in that case. Fuck it fine, I've been out of my clothes for too long. Jess, back around.'
'Oh my god, you're so extra.'
'Turn!' Jericho watched with great interest as Serena quickly put the books back on the shelf, then instinctively covered her body with her hands as once more she was left completely exposed. She then rotated so that she was now facing Jericho's end and he only just managed to tear his eyes away from the window before she caught him looking. He forced himself to keep his eyes trained on the walkway as he had been instructed, but damn was it difficult.
'Ok I'm ready, be fast though. And Jericho, it better still be clear down your way.'
'Don't worry, I'm on it.'
'Jess, you doing it?'
'Yes yes, and you have a lovely behind if you don't mind me saying. First Jerry's and now yours, what an evening it's been.'
'Pervert. Come on, how many do you need.'
'Just making sure. Now how about a final big woohoo pose, you're looking very tense from back here.'
'What? No, you crazy?'
'Yeah come on, arms in the air, a big woohoo, and we're done. Don't worry, no one can see from outside.'
'Don't be dumb, turn around and let me get dressed. Stop looking at my arse.'
'You're no fun, but fine.'
This was it, thought Jericho, his last chance to see Serena naked from the front, albeit with the highlights still covered up. She must be about to turn back and the opportunity would be gone for good, never again to be repeated. He really wanted one final look, but obviously he shouldn't. His head said no, but his groin said yes, and so he glanced back at the window hoping to see another glimpse of flesh. But instead of seeing her retreating to her clothes, he was horrified as he looked and accidentally locked eyes with Serena's reflection, who was still standing rooted to the spot. They both gasped, Jericho at the shock of being caught and Serena at the realisation that all this time Jerry had been able to see her in the glass. She tightened her grip over her boobs and immediately began to blush, but didn't call out in anger or shock as he had feared she might. He immediately averted his gaze, ashamed of what he had done, and glared down at the floor, hoping it would open to swallow him whole.
'Umm actually Jess?'
Shit this was it, she was going to out him to Jessica and then Holly, what would she think of his voyeurism?
'Let's do one last pose, why not. You're only nude in the library once, right?'
Jessica spun back, delighted. 'That's the spirit you crazy bitch! Let your soul run free.'
'How about this? Look good from there?' Jericho couldn't help it. What was she up to? He turned to look yet again, and lost his breath at the sight that greeted him. Serena stood with both arms folded securely over her chest, looking straight back at him with a very faint smile playing on her lips. She had her weight on her back foot which was placed at a ninety degree angle next to the other, in a classic balletic stance. This pose meant that her forward leg was tucked tightly against the other thigh, and so the area between her legs was just about hidden from view, but only by the narrowest of margins. No sooner had Jericho taken this all in when with a sparkle Serena removed her arms from in front of her and stretched her them up and out to the sky, arching her back in the process and in doing so putting her beautiful breasts out on display for Jericho. It was an elegant but powerful pose, like something out of swan lake, and a glorious spectacle to behold.
'Oh my god yes girl, this makes your butt look insane! Keep flexing! These are great, you're the sexiest ballerina I've ever seen.'
Serena looked out of the window wistfully, then decided the show was over and stared pointedly at Jericho as she cupped her breasts with her hands to hide them. Getting the point, he looked away again and heard her walk back to her things. 'And that's a wrap! Ok I'm done everyone, thanks for waiting.' Now dressed again Serena gave Jessica her bag back and began to scroll through the pictures as they walked towards the stairwell. 'Oh my god, I can't believe I have to show these to people!'
'Let's see.' Holly took the phone and nodded appreciatively. 'Why wouldn't you show these, you look great Serena, especially those last ones. You have a great body, and the fact they're obviously in the library? Ah, that's so hot!'
'Aww thanks Holls. Sorry Jerry, girls' eyes only.' He could hear the mischief in her voice. They passed all the students who were staying for the long haul over nighters, oblivious to all the excitement that had just unfolded a few meters from them.
'One thing, Serena,' he mused, as something on the ceiling caught his eye, 'there weren't any security cameras in that corner, were there?'
'Ohhh, fuck.' The others looked up at the cameras, Serena's face draining of colour for a second. 'Actually you know what guys? If there were, we'll just have to cross that path when we come to it.' They all signed out again at the desk and headed out into the night, and soon they were back in their flat's corridor, where everyone hugged goodnight.
'Thanks so much for all your help guys, I really appreciate it, there's no one else I would have trusted!' Serena embraced Jericho last, and as she did she whispered into his ear. 'I think that makes us even right? Tit for tat and all that?' She didn't give him a chance to reply, and in a moment she was gone, waving goodnight as she slipped through her doorway. Jericho went off to his room and sat on his bed, wearily running his hands through his hair. He replied to a few messages on his phone to kill some time, then he decided it was probably safe by now to go to Holly's undetected. He walked down the deserted corridor and arrived at her door, and gave it a very soft knock.
'Holly?'
'Finally.' He heard her mutter from the other side. 'It's open.'
He pushed open the door and stepped inside, and broke into a huge smile when he saw her kneeling on her bed facing him.
'Excuse me sir, I was looking for a book but I can't find it anywhere and now I seem to have got lost, can you help me out?' She was holding a tiny pocket diary over her crotch and a long ruler over her chest which was just enough to cover her nipples, but very little else. She cocked her head coyly at him, and looked down happily at her otherwise nude body.
Jericho grinned and locked the door behind him. 'Of course, let me take a look.'
*****
An hour later and the pair were wrapped in each other's arms, neither able to go to sleep.
'You still awake?'
'No.'
'Me too. I think tonight just got me too riled up. Serena is so lucky honestly. I wish it had been me in the library, it looked like so much fun.'
'I know what you mean.'
'So you enjoyed it too huh?'
'No, I just-'
'It's fine,' she wiggled against his body. 'I liked it too.'
'OK.'
'You know maybe we're just not tired enough to sleep yet.'
'You kidding, it's already past one in the morning.'
'Maybe we're too turned on then.' Holly levered herself up and sat next to Jericho, stroking his chest as the moonlight from the window turned her skin a milky white. 'What about a round two?'
'I don't know, that first one wiped me out. And after earlier I don't think I've got much left.'
'Oh yeah, forgot about that.' Holly was now stroking his abs, and her hand continued to slowly drift south, disappearing under the sheets. 'Are you sure you can't be convinced...'
'Honestly right now it would be like pushing a rope.'
'Hmm...' Holly had arrived at her destination. 'Well how about a bedtime story then, to help you drift off.'
Jericho gave up resisting and fell back against the pillow. 'What's it about?'
'Two friends, and one naughty game...'
*****
'So now Holly, are you ready to go to the next level? Are you ready to be naked... outside?' Not waiting for a response Charlie got up and sauntered out of the room, and Holly nervously got up to follow. Reaching the front door Charlie glanced through the peep hole, then stood back and opened it wide, looking behind her to see Holly peering through from the living room. The street outside was deserted for now, but they could hear the normal sirens and traffic sounds that were never absent in the big city. Charlie looked back and forth down the road, then leaving the door open she beckoned Holly to come forwards towards her. 'So, Holly, your dare for tonight is this. Nothing too evil, just run to the middle of the road and do ten star jumps.'
'Not evil? Are you insane? Anyone could see me! My neighbours could see me, it's completely in the open!'
'Yeah but who's looking out of their windows at this time in the evening, everyone's inside watching tv or having dinner.'
'It's not even dark yet you psycho.'
'Come on, you lost odds on, you know the rules.'
Holly was still cowering in the doorway, wondering if she could really do this. 'I know but please Charlie, this is too much! Anything else, please, for me. I can't do that.'
Charlie tutted. 'Gosh fine, you wimp. You're going out there though, it's time for the next step. Come on, to the end of your drive and back, that's all. You can do that, and I'll come with you, to show you it's easy.'
'What? Why are you doing it too. you didn't lose the bet.'
'Oh ok fine, you do it alone then.'
'No I didn't mean that! Just why?'
Charlie shrugged. 'Same reason you took the second bet, I've had some wine and it will be fun! Where are your keys, don't want the door blowing shut.'
Holly ran across the hallway to fetch the keys from the side cabinet, anxious not to be visible through the door which was still wide open. 'Here. And what do you mean it's easy, you've done this before?'
Now Charlie just laughed as she took the keys and twirled them around her finger. 'Not exactly, but that can wait for another time. For now we are focusing you, and getting that cute body out there. Let's go.'
Charlie leant out of the house and checked both ways, before stepping out into the cool evening air. She turned back to Holly and giggled, striking a pose with her hands on her hips. 'Come on, you'll enjoy it, trust me.'
'Just to the pavement and back?'
'Yes.'
'And then that's the dare finished, I don't have to do anything else and I can get dressed again?'
'I swear, and I still have to stay naked all night remember, so really you should be happy with this deal.'
'Fuck it, fine.' Ignoring Charlie's earlier demands Holly covered herself with her hands again and tiptoed forwards, checking each way just as her friend had done. No one seemed to be about, no cars where approaching, and although all the houses on the street had their lights on she couldn't see anyone looking out of any windows.
'You first.' Charlie stood tall confidently and gestured down the driveway, waiting for Holly to go past her. Deciding to get it over with quickly Holly scuttled along the rough concrete, staying close to the side as she moved. She was halfway there when she glanced back, expecting to see Charlie following behind her, but instead she was startled to see her friend's bare rear going back up towards the house.
'What the-'
Charlie reached the doorway and pivoted to face the street again, calling out to Holly. 'You never backtrack on a bet Holly, you know that. Our word is sacred! I forgive you, but consider this your punishment.' Her naked friend threw her arm back and then launched the keys high above Holly's head, who watched on in horror as they arched over the road and landed with a jangle on the lawn of the house across the street. She looked back just in time to see Charlie slam the front door shut, locking her out with no other way of getting back inside. She was too stunned to move, just continued to stay hunched over hugging herself, peering across the road in bewilderment. Too stunned that was, until she heard the unmistakeable sound of an engine approaching from down the street.
'Charlie,' she half screamed through gritted teeth. 'I am going to kill you...'