Jennet Young took in the warmth of the early afternoon sun. Her pale skin glistened as the high sun slowly kissed her exposed features. Finally, after a long, tiresome winter she was able to take some time to do what she desired the most. Nothing. She wore her favorite black bikini, a gift originally from her husband. More of a joke given her previous swimsuit, a tawdry one piece that looked like it was 20 years out of date, even complete with a multicolored bow. No, this was far more adequate for a woman of her dimensions, held together by no more than the best knots you could tie. The French bikini bottoms rounded her supple behind and the wondrous peaks of Jenette's 36D breasts threatened to burst from the strained fabric (a risk by design as her husband specifically bought atop one size too small). While the suit complemented her form perfectly, she would never be seen in it outside the safety of their backyard!
Despite her appearance, today, sprawled on their backyard lawn chair overlooking the cool, calm water of the pool. Jennet was quite a conservative woman. Bookish in her formative years she never grew into her body, at least not in public. Choosing to wear 'comfortable' clothes as she put it, not wanting to use her natural good looks as the weapon they were. But rather prove herself with other merits, namely her sharp wit and zealous attitude for self-improvement. This is what drew Duncan to her at first, where most boys overlooked Jennet for her thick glasses and baggy jumpers. Duncan saw the intelligent and driven young woman for what lay beneath the dark cap she wore to hide her face around campus. Being 10 years her senior, Duncan seemly easily wooed her with his mature outlook of life and she admired him for returning to study at a mature age.
It wasn't until their date that Duncan discovered the seductive curves that she hid. In the back of his beat-up old car on a cold night, making out for their second time she uncharacteristically flipped off her woolen jumper revealing the sweetest teardrop breasts he ever saw. Her pink nipples stood at an earnest erection due to both the cold and in her own lust. It was that night they both lost their virginity, fumbling in the backseat, Duncan's mouth glued to her sensitive nipples. Both learned a lot about their own bodies that night, Jennet discovered her fledging sexual needs and Duncan his penchant for busty women.
Now 28, Jennet had reached her physical and sexual peak. After college, she worked hard to secure a solid career and was on track to retire early while still living a high life. Jennet's thirst for success rubbed off on Duncan, who was quite lazy in his youth. After moving into their small one-bedroom apartment Jennet made quick work of planning their strategy going forward, and in 7 short years, Duncan saw himself a director of a large pharmaceutical that came with a comfortable six figures. Combined with her salary in risk management they purchased their lavish first home with her one caveat, a big pool.
She spent at least 2 hours a day working on her body, and another 2 working on her mind. Duncan had tried his best to keep up with her, but life on the road meant he skipped more gym sessions than he made. Jennet on the other hand was a vision of athleticism. At least as much as her natural endowments allowed. Her strong slender legs gave way to her ample, apple-shaped butt. Her flat-toned midsection gave the subtlest hint of her abdominal muscles and above that lay the cherry atop her creamy sundae. Duncan did not really think about if he was a leg, ass, or tit man, but there was no argument after that night in the back of his car. Jennet was quietly proud of her D cup breasts, the effect they had (in combination with the rest of her physical charms) was impossible to ignore. The slightest hint of exposed skin could leave most onlookers gawking incredulously, their stolen glances always too long to be left unnoticed. All this was sat atop by her gorgeous face. Full lips, an upturned button nose, and rising cheekbones, she saw the world through emerald eyes, deep like oceans and framed by long black hair. Her husband spent hours lost in her endless perfection, watching her sleep, work on the garden, or just patter around their new home in her booty shorts and tight halter tops.
As she layout, taking in the new summer sun. Duncan was taking the time to do what he did best, watch. Jennet was on a well-deserved furlough and had most of the summer off while Duncan was entering the busiest time of the year. He had a none-too often chance to duck off early and nearly killed himself racing home to see what he was witnessing just now. He knew Jennet was waiting earnestly for the first warm day to soak up the sun, and he had hoped to catch her in the act. He watched from the backdoor as he stretched like a cat, observing the swell of her breasts at they strained to escape the tight fabric. His cock was turgid at the thought of them spilling for the world to see. He could not tell where she was looking under her dark sunglasses but did not fear being caught; she knew he liked to watch her, and the naughtiness of a hidden voyeur only emboldened her when she was alone.
In her mind's eye, there was a silent witness to her afternoon lounge. She turned herself over, jutting her round butt to the back door as she leaned over to grab the sun lotion. Her pearlescent skin needed constant protection from the sun's harsh rays, and she applied ample oil to her hands in preparation. She smiled inwardly at the thought of Duncan massaging his penis as she lathered her arms. In a seductive manner, she arched her back, pushing her perfect breasts out to smooth them over with lotion. She took both hands and cupped her breasts, running her palms under the dark triangles of her bikini. The material lifted, threatening to burst forth with their bounty. She gasped inwardly as she crossed her nipples, the notion of this lewd display had started her engine and she was rapidly becoming aroused. Squirting some more motion, she giggled as she squeezed too hard and found her stomach blasted with the white fluid. From the house, the not too subtle display was not lost on Duncan as he imagined shooting himself over her taught abdomen.
Her public display was having quite the effect on Jennet, she could feel the wetness developing between her legs and it wasn't just from the sweat. As she applied more lotion to her smooth legs, she inched ever so closer to her warm pussy. This slow self-seduction was driving both her and her voyeur wild. Duncan had shed all inhibition and was fisting his penis in anticipation of what might happen next. Jennet, for her part, was on the verge of doing similar. The pretense of applying sunblock was long forgotten and she was lightly massaging her inner thighs. Her fingers danced around the outer rim of her pussy lips, rounding closer to their goal with every stroke. With a deep sigh, Jennet slid her fingers below the waistband of her bikini bottoms, in almost unison Duncan gave the same deep sigh, desperate to know the depths which Jennet was currently delving into herself.
Jennette lightly traced circles around her rapidly engorging clit, her moistness was reaching its crescendo and she could hear the squish of her need over the throbbing in her ears. She edged a finger inside herself, the instant wave of pleasure from the insertion caused her to arch her back off the sunbed. Duncan was treated to an elegant display of her perfect form as she pleasured herself. For his part, he was nearing his own completion, trying to match her dainty strokes as she brought herself off. Jennet's nipples strained against the tight fabric and ached for release, she had a momentary lapse from her pleasure-seeking and peered around the yard for any intrusion. Their high fence provided significant privacy for her solo romp, and as such she inched her bikini tops to the side, revealing their bounty to the afternoon air.
Duncan nearly lost himself seeing her tweak her exposed tits as she gained momentum, the strokes on her pussy began to hit a fever pitch. Her crotch involuntarily bucked towards an invisible partner, she added a second finger to her pussy, its slickness making the added member effortless. Her breathing began to come in short rapid breaths and she tried to stifle her moans and squeals. In her mind, she was on display for the whole world like some world-famous porn star, the silent onlookers eager awaiting her explosive orgasm.
Duncan thought it would never come, she was desperately pinching her nipples one at a time, unable to push all her buttons at once, trying to extract as much exquisite pleasure from her body as possible. Finally, she watched in awe as she threw her head back, mouth agape, silently screaming with tiny whelps that he could just make out from the house, he felt his hard penis twitch and could not contain his load, emptying himself onto the tiles below. For Jennet, her cum felt like an eternity, her pussy clamped down on her moving fingers, she grabbed her tit hard, nearing giving herself pain. But it was pure pleasure as her whole body tensed and twitched in the hot sun, it felt like the floodgates of her womb had opened and she flushed her already wet bikini with herself.
As she slowly came down from her cum, she took deep labored breaths, coming back down to earth. It took a few moments more, laying there one hand deep in her bikini bottoms, the other lightly massaging her exposed breast. She quietly tidied herself, her body shined with both the sun lotion and the sweat of her effort. The view for Duncan was intoxicating, she looked like a pure sex goddess, laying in the afterglow of her tryst. He was not sure if he should reveal himself or leave her to bask alone as she thought she was.
As he gathered himself, Duncan fumbled backward and knocked over a bucket and mop resting against the wall. The loud crash startled Jennet and she shot up, peering straight into the back door. Duncan was found out, she quickly tucked his deflated penis into her pants, and tried to make out he was just arriving home. As he opened the door Jennet gave a sigh of relief as she saw her husband. Not expecting him home for hours, she thought the worst, some daytime intruder who would find her indisposed pleasuring herself. God what would they do to her, she would have no recourse but be at their terrible whims. The notion in conjunction with her orgasmic afterglow left her feeling aroused as a quick fantasy danced through her head, some masked assailant abusing her body, using her for their pleasure. She felt her wetness trickle down her leg, and she brought it from the fantasy.
"Baby what are you doing home" she tried to gather herself, picking up a towel and wiping her brow, and plodded over to her husband.
"I had a few clients cancels so I thought I'd surprise you." Duncan was not sure if he should mention what he had witnessed.
"Oh honey, that's great. I was just thinking about you." A wry smile developed from her lips. Duncan loved the way she gave a devilish smile when she was thinking naughty thoughts.
"Is that so?" He replied looking her glistening body over. His penis started to stir, he was so sexually charged he felt like he could cum again, something that was rare for him these days.
They walked inside and Jennet stepped in something. She lifted her dainty foot to inspect the wet substance.
"What is this?"
Duncan's mind reeled, was he caught? Could she tell that this was his sperm dripping from her toes?
"Oh, I knocked over some cleaning products as I came out." The lie seemed to work, it explained the noise that startled Jennet and she accepted that she had not been caught masturbating by her loving husband.
Her warm, scantily clad body was influencing Duncan, his eyes roamed about her exposed body, noting her flushed breasts and the excitement still in her eyes.
They stood for a moment, drinking one another in. He moved first, grabbing her by the face and the ass, pulling her into his embrace. Their tongues explored one another, their lust driving them to forgo all pretense of foreplay. She pulled away, giggling, and lead him to the stares, leading him by the arm and the sway of her hips to their bedroom. It was a race to get naked first, and despite her lax attire, Duncan nearly beat her. Uncharacteristically, he threw her face down to the bed, her sweet ass cheeks shining back at him. Between lay the engorged lips of her sex, he thought he could see it dripping with her expectation.
Jennet was surprised by her husband's forceful nature, the intruder fantasy was still fresh in her mind and it began to run with it. She looked back with that playful smile and whispered.
"What are you going to do to me, mister?" Wiggling her ass invitingly. Her mind wandered to some dark brute, his monstrous tool approaching menacingly. Duncan wasn't sure what got into his wife, but he entertained this sexy fiction.
"I'm gonna fuck you girl." He moved his hard penis to her waiting opening, rubbing the glans up and down her lips, teasing her with the impending penetration.
"Oh god it's so big, you're going to ruin me." Her mind had taken this fantasy and she was at its mercy now. Duncan loved the dirty talk. While his penis was modest, it did the job, but every guy loves to hear those words. He drove into her with a forceful thrust. Jennet yelped sharply, then let go of a deep moan as her inner walls gave way. Duncan grabbed a handful of her tight ass and gave it everything he could, slamming into her over and over. Jennet was totally lost in her fantasy now, she felt her pert cheeks bounce off his abdomen, the slap of flesh on flesh echoed through the master bedroom.
"Fuck me, fuck me." She chanted, burying her head into the covers. She was at this man's mercy; nothing was going to save her from this ravaging. What was this dormant fantasy that had been awakened in her? She was such a strong-willed woman. But here, on her knees she imagined herself being completely taken, possessed by an anonymous monster who was using her as a fuck toy. As that thought came to her, she felt her orgasm crash over her.
"I'm cumming, I'm cumming" Her chant changed. She wailed into the sheets, biting down in pleasure. Duncan felt like a king, his perfect wife beneath him, cumming all over his cock.
"Take that cock you slut." He commanded, he never called her a slut, but here it felt to fitting. He worried she would oppose, but it only seemed to drive her deeper.
"Yes, fuck your slut. Fuck me with that big cock." Every word emboldened her, she stammered out more profanities. It didn't take long for her to feel another orgasm coming. Duncan could take no more, he felt his balls tighten and announced his impending cum.
"Oh god, I'm gonna cum baby."
"No!" she yelled "I'm nearly there" she panted with desperation. But it was too much, her husband fell over her sweaty frame, his second load for the day squirting into her. He felt like he may pass out from the exertion, and rolled off her, his deflating penis fell easily from her. They both lay there a moment, breathing heavily, Duncan staring at the ceiling, Jennet at the bed. Duncan felt totally satisfied.
Jennet jumped over and kissed her husband gingerly on the lips.
"Quite the afternoon delight." Duncan remained staring upwards, still breathing heavy.
"I need a minute" He labored.
"I'm gonna jump in the shower, I'm so sticky!" Jennet skipped into the en suite. She loved what just happened but felt like she was still ready for more. She stepped into the warm shower and closed her eyes. Her mind wandered back to her fantasy. She was back on the sunbed, furiously masturbating. In the shower he hands wandered her body, still tingling from both the sexual activity and her racing mind. In her fantasy a dark shadow loomed over her, she had her eyes closed and did not notice the intruder. Just as her orgasm begun to arise, she opened her eyes, her sunglasses sat low on her nose and through lidded eyes, she saw him. A mountain of a man, his bulging muscles shining in the hot sun. She never stopped playing with herself, her fluttering eyes wandered over the dark stranger, moving downward to the jutting cock the man was stroking before her. She whispered to the man.
"Big cock." He remained silent, watching and stroking.
In the shower Jennet stood under the stream, gently stroking her tender pussy. She inserted one finger, then two as she imagined this beast of a man pleasured himself before her. God, she felt so wet. In her daydream she pulled her tits out to show the man, hoping he approved of her form. He remained silent staring down at her, expectantly. She focused on her fantasy man's cock, its thick veins pulsed, it looked heavy, thick, and built for her pleasure. She wanted to reach out and touch it, to kiss it, to show him her appreciation of his wonderous fuck tool. She whispered again, this time out loud in the shower.
"Big cock." She raised her athletic legs and peeled her black bikini off, spreading her legs for the dark stranger. Her pink pussy lips caught the light, her wetness showing her desire to give herself to him. He knelt and she felt the heat of his cock against her smooth inner thigh.
"Put it in slut." He commanded, she reached over to guide him home. She imagined herself struggling to grasp the meaty shaft, her manicured fingers unable to meet around its width. She turned it down to her wanton folds and he pushed. As her fantasy continued, she added a third finger to her sopping pussy in the shower. Gently thrusting into herself at first but gaining pace as the fantasy man bottomed out in her dream.
She breathed deep, trying not to yell out into the shower and alert her husband. She felt like she was somehow being illicit, fucking a stranger right next to a loving partner. The taboo of it stirred her on. The dark stranger bottomed out inside her, her pink lips stretched to accommodate him. He gave her no quarter, no time to acclimatize to his immense size. With long hard strokes, he took her. She matched his pace with her fingers, furiously fucking herself in the shower. It didn't take long at this pace, she felt her loins quiver and contract and she came right there, half bent over in the shower one arm holding herself up, the other buried as deep as she dare in her pussy. As she came, her fantasy man pulled out of her, his cock truly massive now, he fisted it up and down a few times and it spew forth load after load of hot cum. It was thick like her sun lotion, and she cooed as it covered her heaving breasts and stomach.
She collapsed in the shower, now totally out of breath, and spent she let the water fall over her.