My wife Erin is a very attractive mid-40's ginger. 130 lbs with C-cups, a great ass and an appetite for cock that is truly insatiable.
Recently Erin's back was really sore so she booked herself into some sessions at massage therapy. She booked her appointment with the girl she used to see and when the day came she went to her appointment. When she got home later I asked how her appointment had gone and she said that it was good, but that she was surprised when she got there to find that her regular girl was off sick and a man had been substituted in.
Erin had been asked if she'd prefer to reschedule for another date with her regular girl but Erin needed her back sorted out and decided to continue her appointment with the new man. I asked her if she was uncomfortable with this situation and whether she felt better and she told me that she was surprised but that the man, Jacob, did a very good job on her back as he was much stronger and worked her sore muscles better. At that point she smiled ever so slightly and blushed a tiny bit. I didn't miss this and called her on it. She then admitted that Jacob was also very cute and well-built which didn't hurt the situation.
I love instigating encounters that lead to sharing or loaning out my wife and this situation definitely got my thoughts roaming. I asked when her next appointment was and whether it was with the same guy. She informed me that it was on Tuesday next week at 11 am and that she'd intentionally booked it with him again.
I said "Good" with a big smile on my face. Erin grinned, knowing that my head was full of naughty ideas. Before I got too carried away, I asked her if she'd been at all turned on by him massaging her back. She replied that at first she was nervous laying there topless before him, but as he worked her back and got closer to her backside, she started to get a tingle between her legs and started to fantasize about him. She was also pretty sure that he'd let his package bump against her arm a few times. This was exactly what I had hoped to hear.
I left things alone until the morning of her next appointment. That morning I told her to make sure she was freshly shaven down below and to not wear any panties and to wear a pair of yoga tights. Erin nodded and smiled, knowing I had plans for her. When she was ready to go to her appointment I gave her a good stare up and down and was very pleased. She was wearing tights as instructed and a tight sports top.
Erin asked what I was up to and I told her that she was to be brave and take chances and try to instigate a sexual encounter with Jacob. My only condition if she was successful was that she had to write about what happened, in full and explicit detail. She pondered my question, then agreed.
At first, Erin protested half-heartedly, saying that it was very inappropriate, which was definitely true, but I also figured that if Jacob wasn't interested, he'd set her straight so there was nothing to really lose. I told Erin to use her cell phone to ring me as her session was about to start and to leave her phone nearby on a chair so I could try to listen. Finally, and with a grin, she left and I smacked her perky ass on the way out the door.
My heart was racing in anticipation and then finally about 45 minutes later the house phone rang with her name on the display. I answered but there was no reply, only a brief ruffling, so I listened intently.
The rest of this story is written by Erin as the previously mentioned condition of this encounter would be for her to fill me in on the encounter, whether good or bad.
So as my hubby explained, he wanted me to push for something sexual with my new massage therapist. I arrived at the office and waited to be called back to meet with my Jacob.
Jacob was around 30, tall and handsome with a very good and lean physique, one of a rock climber or runner as opposed to a guy who works out for muscular bulk. Our therapist's office is broken up into multiple small rooms, all with doors for privacy. I was directed into the same room as before and instructed to remove my shirt and bra and lay on the table face down and that Jacob would be in shortly.
With my stomach full of butterflies, I removed my shirt and bra, placing them on a chair, then rang my husband and once seeing that the call was connected, I slipped my phone under my shirt. I always get nervous when my hubby makes me push the limits with someone, and this situation was one I was sure was going to end badly with me likely told to find a new massage therapist.
I was face down on the bed when I heard the door open and close behind me and then heard Jacob's voice asking how I was today. He asked all the regular questions about how my back was after the last session, whether I had any concerns, etc. I told him that his hands were magic on me, which was true in more ways than one.
Finally Jacob got to work on me, and not a moment too soon. His warm, oiled hands were big and strong and he worked my back hard. He rubbed all over starting with my shoulders and working down to my lower back.
I was trying to find a way to push things. I had an idea, and told Jacob that I thought the pain was connected to my backside because I could feel a pulling through my glutes when he pushed on my lower back. He asked if I'd be okay with him working on my butt a bit and I told him that I was definitely okay with that.
I quickly grabbed the sides of my tights and slid them down my butt, completely exposing my cheeks to him. At first Jacob started to tell me it wasn't necessary but then, seeing that I wasn't pulling them back up, said it was okay if I was comfortable with this as it was easier to massage bare skin than through clothing.
I said that I was definitely comfortable. Jacob now transitioned from my lower back to my butt and worked each one in turn. I was getting very worked up sexually and could feel myself getting extremely wet. Jacob was now at the side of the massage table and as he worked on my butt I slowly eased my arm towards the edge until I felt his shorts against my arm.
I sometimes lack confidence when I have to initiate something sexual and I started to panic a bit as I often do at critical moments like this. Should I push against him or chicken out? I knew that my hubby would be very disappointed if I didn't try anything so I went a bit further until I felt Jacob against my arm. He paused slightly upon contact but then kept massaging me.
I now pushed a bit harder against Jacob and again he paused, then continued but now he wasn't massaging me nearly as hard as before. In fact, it was pretty obvious that he was distracted as he was more just rubbing my cheeks than massaging. I started to worry again and was sure he was about to tell me that I was being inappropriate or needed to stop but then he started rubbing my cheeks in circles and I could tell by his position and movements that he was intentionally spreading my cheeks for a peek at my treasures.
I knew this was the make-or-break moment so I went for it. I shifted my arm up slightly and turned my hand to meet his crotch. He didn't resist at all and when I actually made a grasp for his crotch I was very happy to feel him hard in his shorts. Without a word between us I started to fondle his cock through his shorts. I could hear his breathing getting more laboured as was mine. I kept stroking him and felt his hand start to slip down the back of my ass cheek closest to him, pushing my tights down further, then moving his hand down the inside of my thigh until it found my wetness. I let out a gasp as he made contact with my pussy.
When I gasped, Jacob stopped moving and asked if he should stop. I replied breathlessly "definitely not", then I wiggled my tights down a bit further.
I spread my legs a bit for him and he started to rub me, then slid an oiled finger into me. I nearly came right then but with great effort, I held off. He kept rubbing and fingering me gently but I wanted more. I turned on my side to face Jacob now, seeing him for the first time since last week. He was smiling, his cheeks flush red. He moved his hand over the outside of my thigh as I rolled over and he slipped his hand back between my legs as I faced him, bending my knee and raising my leg to give him easier access to me. I pulled Jacob up the bed slightly so that his waist was near my head and then I told him to "take it out for me."
Jacob slipped his shorts down to his hips and his cock sprung free. He had a very nice cock. It was cut, his pubes were trimmed short, and his cock was about 7" long and thick. I don't really care that much about length (although it's definitely a bonus), but girth gets me going and he definitely had more than his share of girth. His hand was back between my legs and he slid 2 of his fingers back into me. I leaned forward and licked his shaft a few times. His cock twitched every time my tongue made contact and I could see precum now leaking from the head. I grabbed his cock to guide it to my mouth and then I licked the tip, savoring the taste of his precum, then wrapped my mouth around his head. He moaned slightly but very quietly, obviously for fear of being heard. I sucked him for a few minutes, tasting the endlessly leaking precum and enjoying how hard I was making him. His fingers felt very good, but not good enough.
Suddenly there was a knock at the door and we both jumped. I don't know how he managed to put his cock away so quickly, nor how I pulled my tights back up and got turned face down so quickly but we did manage to just before the door opened. Jacob's hands were on my back again and I heard one of his female coworkers asking if he was going to join them for lunch today.
Jacob replied "Oh jeez, I want to but I actually have to run some errands today". The other therapist said something about seeing him after lunch, then closed the door behind her.
"That was way too close" he said, moving away from me. I agreed, but I was far too sexually frustrated at this point to let things end this way.
"Do you want to go somewhere more private?" I asked him.
Jacob smiled and replied "definitely!"
I asked him where his car was and he told me what it was and that it was at the back of the building. I told him to meet me at a nearby park and I quickly got dressed, picked up my phone, and headed to the front to pay my bill. I left in a hurry and got into my car, then headed for the park. I spoke into my phone to tell my hubby what had happened. He replied that he was enjoying where this was going and to keep letting him listen so I put my phone in the outside pocket of my purse.
I got to the park and waited for Jacob who arrived only a few minutes later, entering the parking lot far too fast due to his eagerness. I exited my car and went to Jacob's passenger door, got in, then told him to find somewhere more private to park as this was a very busy place. He started to drive and I immediately put my hand on his crotch. Jacob was still as hard as stone.
I slid my hand down into Jacob's shorts and under the elastic of his underwear waistband, wrapping my hand around his burning hot cock and continued to stroke him. He was moaning, now able to be more vocal. He made great noises, something that also gets me very turned on although I really didn't need the help at this point, feeling how wet I was down there. I told him to help me slide his shorts down and between the two of us we awkwardly got them to his knees.
I moved up onto my knees sideways, lowering my head into his lap and took him in my mouth again. He was really moaning now and I could even feel his cock twitching. I could hear his breathing getting faster and it was obvious he was about to cum. I almost let him finish but I wanted more for myself so I released him from my mouth and told him "Not yet".
Jacob was panting like a dog and looked a bit disappointed so I continued to speak..."Not yet" I paused, "unless you can cum twice".
Jacob smiled and replied "No problem at all!" Magic to my ears because I do truly love getting a man off with my mouth. I returned to my task, wrapping my mouth around him and now fondling his big balls. His breathing got faster again. I lifted my mouth off him for a few seconds, just long enough to tell him he should probably pull over somewhere, before resuming sucking on him.
Jacob answered "We're almost where I want to go. Please keep sucking me, please!" I love it when a man begs so I hesitated and moved my hand from his balls to his cock as I looked up at him and kept stroking him with my hand.
I asked "Are you sure you want me to keep going?"
Jacob was completely out of breath, as though he'd just run a sprint race as he pleaded "Please, yes, please. Your mouth is fucking incredible. Please suck it!" He then reached his hand over behind my head and pushed me back down. I love it when guys grab my head. I love being manhandled, fucked hard, having my hair pulled, mouth fucked and just generally abused and dominated sexually so he was definitely doing everything right. I resumed sucking him, taking the time to wiggle my tongue hard against the end of his cock right below his head.
Finally, I faintly heard his turn signal, then he took his hand away and turned the car and parked. I didn't bother to look around, not that I'd have the opportunity because as soon as the car stopped, his hand was back on the back of my head again. Now he grabbed a handful of my thick red hair and started to guide my head up and down on him to set the pace he wanted. I went back to playing with his balls with my free hand. Again his breathing was getting faster. He was moaning a lot which I also love because it gives me feedback to know I'm doing things the way a guy wants. I could feel Jacob's cock swelling even more in my mouth which was starting to hurt my jaw a bit due to his thickness. I knew he was close now. "Fuck, yes. You're going to make me cum. Fuck. Don't stop please!"
Some guys ask if they can come in my mouth, some ask where I want them to cum, the ones I like just do as they please, and Jacob turned out to be one of those. I felt his balls tighten in my hand and at the same time Jacob yelled out, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, yes fuck I'm cummmming!" Not that I needed the hint but it was still hot to hear.
I felt the distinctive pulsing along the bottom of his thick cock as his cock erupted, shooting his extremely hot semen into my mouth. He pushed my head down hard so that his cock was at the back of my mouth as he continued to cry out "Fuck! Oh my God, oh that's so fucking good!" I gulped down every drop of his cum.
To this day, I'm still amazed at how it's so different semen from guy to guy. Some is sweet, some bitter or sour. Some is thick, very thick, and some is watery. Jacob's semen was perfect, it was very sweet tasting and fairly thick.
Once he was done shooting into my mouth, he eased his grip on my head. I started to pull back but stopped near the tip of his cock and worked his head with my tongue as I sucked on the head. I love cleaning a guy up and feeling him twitch as I touch his sensitive cock right after he cums. He kept jumping when I flicked my tongue over him and to my delight, he was true to his word and was staying hard.
Now I sat up and looked around briefly, keeping my hand on Jacob's shaft and pumping him slowly. We were in an alleyway behind some businesses, not somewhere I recognized immediately. It was not the most private place around but it would have to do. His car was more of a two seater than a four with two doors and tiny seats in the back. I reached down the front of my seat and pulled the lever to slide the seat back, then grabbed the handle on the side to allow me to recline it. "I need you" I said to him.
Jacob smiled at me as I pulled my yoga pants down, kicking my shoes off and pulling my pants off completely. I then pulled my top up so that my tits were free. Jacob smiled and awkwardly climbed over onto my side and between my legs. His fat cock was resting against my belly, still leaking hot semen which was dripping onto my tummy. I loved feeling his weight on top of me and he quickly slid down just enough to let his cock rest against my opening. He started to rub his shaft up and down my slit, pushing my lips apart and grinding on my clit with his cock head as he did. Between sucking him twice and getting ready to fuck him, I was extremely wet. So wet, in fact, that I could feel my juices leaking from my pussy.
Jacob looked down at me and asked "Are you completely clean and safe or should I use a condom?"
I couldn't take my eyes off his fat cock in anticipation of feeling him inside me as I replied, "Yes and yes and absolutely not! Please fuck me bare, I can't wait any longer". What I didn't bother telling Jacob was that I'm not any birth control but would happily take the morning after pill just to feel his bare cock inside me.
Jacob wasted no time. He lowered himself slightly so his head was at my entrance and pushed into me. I was so wet that despite his size, he slid into me quickly. It hurt when he entered me because he didn't give me time to adjust to his thickness but it was that kind of hurt that also feels incredible and I heard myself let out a loud moan as his pelvis met mine.
Jacob didn't disappoint. As soon as he was all the way inside, he pulled back and started to fuck me like a jackhammer, slamming into me all the way with each thrust. I could feel his balls hitting my ass and could hear them slapping against me. My feet were up on his dash and I was grabbing his hard ass cheeks as he fucked me silly. At that point I saw something in my peripheral move just outside the car. I briefly glanced over to see a homeless person standing next to the car watching! He was right up to my door with his cock out and was jerking it furiously. For a moment I thought about saying something to Jacob but then the thought of being watched and masturbated to turned me on even more so I said nothing about it.
I resumed giving my attention to the man on top of me while still watching my spectator. I continued prompting, both for Jacob and my new admirer, "Fuck me, fuck me hard! Yes, I love it, I love your fat cock". I don't remember even saying all that but my hubby told me that he heard it all through the phone, including when I begged Jacob to cum inside me. "Yes baby, fuck me. I want to feel you cum in me. Please Jacob, fucking cum in me, fill me!"
Jacob yelled out "Oh fuck, you want it in you? Do you? Fuck, I'm gonna cum! I'm cumming!" He slammed into me hard, holding himself there and grunting as he shook. I could again feel his cock twitching and his hot semen splashing inside me as my tummy burned inside with the flood of him. At the same time I saw the homeless man ejaculate thick ribbons of cum against my window, and between the two of them it caused me to climax also. I pulled Jacob into me as deeply as I could with my hands on his ass and my legs as far apart as possible, loving the feeling of him releasing inside me as he collapsed onto me with all his weight.
The homeless spectator smiled at me and then made a hasty retreat, his semen still running down the window and door. Jacob stayed there inside of me for a minute or so, my legs now wrapped around him, and I felt his cock slowly soften, then slip from my pussy. I could feel his semen leaking from me, down my ass onto his leather seats. I reached down between us and scooped some of it up and brought it to my mouth and licked my fingers clean. Jacob smiled as I did this, then worked his way back over to his driver seat and dressed. I pulled my tights on and lowered my shirt again.
"That was amazing." Jacob finally said. "Please don't tell anyone!"
I laughed, "If I told anyone I'd be in as much trouble as you. I'm married." This seemed to put him at ease as he smiled over at me.
He started the car and I returned my seat to the normal upright position. On the way back to my car he asked "Is it going to be too awkward for me to keep working on your back? I understand if it is and you want to see someone else."
I replied, "I'm happy to keep seeing you if you are. Just make sure you keep fixing my back before we do anything else", then I winked at him.
I've been back to see Jacob 6 more times since that visit, making sure to always book my visits right before lunch or as his last appointment of the day. My back hasn't hurt since my second session with him but this was just too much fun to pass up. We've fooled around in the office again, in his car, and even outside in the woods once where he fucked me from behind against a tree, leaving his cum running down the inside of my thighs. The last time I saw him was my last for now and I wanted him to really remember me so I made sure that when he was at the head of the bed working on my upper back at the start of our session, I pulled his cock out slid myself up the table, and sucked him right there, letting him fuck my mouth as he held my hair tightly to hold my head in place. I worked his cock head into my throat and let him shoot his entire load down my throat as I reached around him and held him in my mouth. I then sat up and told him that sadly, my back hadn't hurt in a while and this was our last visit for a while. Jacob was disappointed but also understood, asking me to please come see him again if I need massage work done, or just to ring him sometime if I want to meet up for anything else.
My back usually needs some care about once or twice a year and I truly hoped Jacob was still working there when I next needed attention. Worst case, I have his number and one way or another, I'll be having his thick cock again.