It was supposed to be a "work dinner". Darcie and Nate had issues they needed to discuss, and hey, everyone needed to eat, right? So, they met at the B Street Bistro, for dinner and a friendly work conversation.
He had been hired to do some consulting work for her company a few years ago. They hit it off immediately. Friendly, flirty, but nothing serious over a couple of years. Until one night... flirting turned into French kissing, which ending with them fucking furiously. They agreed, at four in the morning, as they parted, that it shouldn't happen again. Until the next time. And the time after that. And then... circumstances and time constraints and work issues got in the way, and it had been months since they'd seen each other. A few friendly text messages... and then the issue at hand. Revisiting about a prior client who wanted to re-engage with both Darcie's company and Nate's. It was something they really needed to address, all other issues aside. And, dinner sounded better than coffee.
She arrived before he did.
She texted him. "Just got here -- I'm early. On the patio, so don't let that hostess try to boss you around."
He texted back. "Just pulled into the parking lot. Will blow right past that bitch. I don't let anyone boss me around."
She smiled, despite herself. He really was a cocky asshole. But a cute one.
She enjoyed the sight of him strolling across the patio. All bravado on the outside, but actually doubting on the inside. It was such an inviting combination -- one she couldn't take her eyes off. Of course, she pretended not to notice. Looking at her water glass, glancing down at her purse next to her as soon as she saw him -- she didn't want to show her "hand". She was "looking at her phone" when he approached, and bumped into the table to get her attention. She giggled immediately and looked at him.
"Um, did you misjudge where the table was?" she asked.
"No," he replied, " I just wanted to get your attention."
Typical -- arrogant bastard. She couldn't help but smile.
"Well, you've got it. Now what?" she said.
Luckily for both of them, their waiter arrived and told them all about the specials for the night.
They ordered. And then Darcie launched into the matter at hand.
"Okay Nate. You know I trust your opinion. What do you think about Obicon's proposal?"
They spent the next ninety minutes hashing out the pros and cons on the suggested deal, and peppered with random small talk.
"What happened to your mom's gardener?"
"What did you do about the mail keys?"
"How is your brother doing?"
"Did you actually get a hedgehog?"
They laughed and kibitzed, and the waiter brought the bill after they both finished their second drink.
They split the check and started to walk out of the restaurant. She veered right and he veered left.
"No way!" Nate said, obviously pissed off. "You parked in the Actual Restaurant Lot?"
Darcie laughed. "Yes. That's what you get for arriving early. Where did you park?"
Nate grunted. "Across the street, down a few blocks..."
"Well, " she said, "Icoulddrive you to your car..."
"That would be great." He agreed. It was mid-Fall, and though the early evening had been quite pleasant, there was now a decent nip in the air.
They jumped in her car, and she drove him to his car, a few blocks away.
As they pulled up to his car, on the back side of the parking lot, Darcie looked at him and smiled. Nate looked at her, and leaned into her.
His hand on her cheek, he bent towards her until his lips were just a hair's with from hers.
"Your choice" he whispered. As he spoke, the words moved his lips slightly, just brushing hers.
She knew it was a mistake. She knew she would regret it. But that would come later...
Right then, in the moment, she knew she was a goner. She had no choice. She was always going to say "Yes."
She mewed slightly as her kitten tongue flickered out and tickled his lips.
He knew it was a mistake. He knew he was going to regret it the second he left, but until then.... he knew he wasn't going to stop until they were both satiated. He had no choice. He was always going to make the ask.
He leaned in and kissed her, his upper lip and lower bookending her full lower lip. Gently tugging at it until she sighed and surrendered and he felt her tongue inside his mouth.
Fuck, she was good at this. Making him work for it, and then succumbing. It was a dizzying combination, her reluctance and then submission. She was shaking slightly as his hand slipped inside her blouse, finding her nipple not nearly as nervous as the rest of her seemed. Hard and firm between his fingers, just begging to be squeezed. He was more than happy to oblige, feeling her moan slightly as his tongue tangled with hers.
"Is my hand... cold?" He whispered, as his other hand slipped under her skirt.
"Mmmm hmmmm" she whispered.
"I just wanted to check and see..." he said, his lips brushing her ear, driving her crazy, as his hand crested her hip.
"If my panties were lace?" she finished.
To be honest, Nate was hoping he'd find she had skipped that particular clothing item. But if they had to be there, he DID prefer the lace variety.
"Yes...." he growled. "Very nice. Now, get them off, and get yourself over here."
Darci looked over. He was reclining the seat, and already unbuckling his pants.
She quickly shimmied out of her panties. Throwing her right leg over the center console, she re-adjusted her weight sideways on his lap, and then dragged her left leg over the console.
She looked right and left -- fat bunch of good it did her -- he had parked at the back of the lot, facing the row of trees that lined the property. If someone was to see them, it would be from the back, or maybe side. Since she was facing front, the only face she was likely to see would be would be that of a feral cat.
He impatiently slapped his naked thighs. She giggled. He wrapped his arms around her waist, and pulled her over onto his lap. His breath was hot on the back of her neck. She sighed as he kissed her behind her ear. His hand slid up between her legs, and spread her thighs wide.
She moaned slightly as his hand brushed up against her mound... she craved the feeling of having him inside her, but she loved his teasing ways.
"I love how fucking wet you get," he growled, his fingers sliding between her lips. He pressed one inside her, and then another, curling them back against that pebbly ridge. She whimpered slightly as his fingers danced inside her.
Suddenly he grabbed her hips, and pulled them up. He positioned her directly on top of him, and then slid her down against his hot, throbbing cock. She couldn't help but sigh and arch her back against him as he completely filled her.
"Oh... fuuucccckkkk...." She moaned, as she began to slide back and forth.
He knew her so well. He knew it wouldn't be long before her first cum, and then he could really pound her. He let her slide and press against him, while his hands found their way to her ample breasts, cupping them, caressing them, and gently squeezing her nipples.
Darci pressed back against him, as her pussy gripped his cock, Nate slipped up and down against her.
"Oh, God..... yeeessss" she moaned, as she pressed herself against him. His hands. His mouth. His cock.
He was kissing and biting her neck. His hands were full of her tits. She was sliding and bouncing against his groin, and loving every second.
"You ride my cock so good," he growled in her ear, biting the sensitive lobe.
"Oh god," she moaned, as she ground down against him.
He moved his right hand from her tit, down her stomach, and slid his fingers between her dripping wet lips.
"Fuck, you're so wet," he said. She was starting to shake. "I want you to cum for me," he whispered, pressing his fingers against her clit.
Her thighs tensed as her torso shook from pleasure.
"OOOohhhhhh fuuuccckkkkk," she moaned, as she came to his command.
Her breath was shallow and ragged -- she was lightheaded from the fierce intensity of the explosion, and it took her a few seconds to collect herself. And then she laughed softly.
"Wow, that was... wow." She said, stroking his thigh.
Nate chuckled. "Well, let's see what else you've got. Iknowyou're not done." He grabbed her hips, and rocked her forward, resting her arms on the dashboard. With his hands firmly grabbing her hips, he began to thrust up into her. Darci was glad to have the dashboard to brace herself with as he slammed into her. Fuck, he felt so good inside her. She loved his cock.
Nate pressed his feet down against the floor, giving him more strength and better leverage. Fuck, she felt so good. He loved how her juicy tight cunt squeezed his dick.
"Uh, uh, uh," she groaned, as he pounded into her. Her tits were slapping against the dashboard, and she loved it -- it almost felt like Nate was slapping them.
Nate loved the feeling of her ass slapping against his thighs as he rammed his rock-hard cock into her. Pressure was building in his balls, and he knew he was going to cum soon.
He pressed his hand up into her hair, and pulled down sharply. She gasped from the sudden aggression, and the immediate tingling she felt in her scalp. Fuck, it was so hot when he took control.
He bit into her shoulder and she moaned.
"Darci, play with your clit. I want you to cum again..." he ordered her.
She slid her hand down and pressed her fingers against the hard nub.
"Uuuuhhhhhh" she whimpered, sensation overwhelming her.
"That's right, baby. Keep rubbing it, keep rubbing it..."
He was thrusting up as she was grinding down. She was moaning loudly, and the windows were completely steamed up. Anyone walking by would have known exactly what was going on, but neither of them cared.
"NOW Darci," he commanded. She ground her hips down against him and press hard against her clit. "Aaaaahhhhh," she moaned as her stomach contracted and her core completely detonated.
As her thighs froze, her pussy grabbed Nate tightly around his cock. That was all he needed. With one final thrust, he released ropes of cum inside her, jerking and shaking.
They both shook for a minute, their bodies reacting to the massive release of endorphins. Nate fell back on the seat, nearly horizontal. Darci fell forward, and collapsed on the dashboard.
"Fuuuuuccckkkk, " she whispered, panting, trying to catch her breath.
"Fuuuuucccckkkk, " he said, gasping for air.
"You.... know.... " she said, gasping between words, "I... think.... it will.... be best... to just... open the door. "
Nate reached over, grabbed the door handle, and pulled. Neither of them realized she'd been partly leaning on the door, and she immediately tumbled out of the car. She half-caught herself with her hands on the door while her legs shot out to catch her from totally eating asphalt.
She burst out laughing as he chuckled and said, "Graceful. That's a word I always associate with you."
She laughed, fully standing up and taking the few steps to get back to the car.
"Yeah, well Fuck You," she said, her face close to his.
He grabbed the back of her head and pulled her mouth to his, and he kissed her. Hard.
He dug his fingers in her hair, and pulled her head back, so he could say, "I just did," and then go back to kissing her.
She giggled through the next attack, before pulling back and saying, "Yeah. And it was goooooood."
He shook his head a little. He looked her straight in the eyes and asked, "Good?"
Darci rolled her eyes and swatted him on the chest. "Come on, you know what I mean..." she said.
He raised one eyebrow.
She couldn't help but smile. "It was great. I'm gonna change your name in my contacts to Nate The Great."
"Good" he said, standing up and quickly pulling his boxers and pants up. She started to walk around the car, when he swatted her ass playfully.
"You know," he said, as she slid back into the driver's seat, "if we end up signing on with Obicon, we'll probably need to meet fairly often."
Darci smiled.
"Works for me..." she said with a wink.
"Me too, "he replied, and smiled, before closing the passenger side door.
She lingered a minute to make sure he could get in his car.... (her sister was notorious for locking her keys in her car, so she always waited) but as soon as she saw him open the door, she drove away. And was already looking forward to the next time.