Author's note, to all my fans:
I want to thank all of you for the votes, favoriting my stories, favoriting me as an author, comments, and emails. Especially the last two. Please keep them coming.
Just to answer a few common questions.
I read all the comments and respond to all emails (unless you become stalkerish). Your feedback is what keeps me writing. Please keep it coming.
I do read the profiles of those who write nice comments and those who follow me. I like to know my fans.
I know I've slowed down a bit. Truthfully after my first barrage of stories that were stuck in my head, my ideas have slowed down. I promise to keep writing albeit at a slower pace.
Contrary to some opinions I do not delete comments. I did try it on one story, but got bored with it. What you see is what I get.
The picture on my profile is me, but I admit it's 5 years old.
Please enjoy this story. Keep that feedback coming.
======================
I watched them move in. They were unloading a truck and carrying in furniture. It was a little odd. Our suburban neighborhood didn't have renters, but, our neighbors were transferring for a two year assignment and would be coming back. They had put their furniture in storage and rented out the house.
The boys looked young. Maybe because I was 42 and all guys under 30 looked like college boys. I knew one of them, Karl. The owners had introduced him to us. He was 22. I knew that he and three friends were moving in because my neighbors had asked us to keep an eye on them and the house. They had told Karl to contact us if he needed anything and we gave him my cell.
We lived on a cul de sac, so the truck was parked easily where I could watch them unload it. I had my blinds partially opened. Given the angles and distances I was pretty sure they couldn't see me, but I could easily see them.
I watched them as they lifted boxes and furniture and carried them in. It was hot out and the boys glistened with sweat. I could see the muscles in their arms tighten up as they lifted. They were in the prime of life.
I thought about myself. At 42 I couldn't complain. I didn't have a lot of stretch marks. My 34c breasts, although hanging a bit lower, were still round and firm. Working out 3 days a week I kept my 5'2" 120lb body in pretty good shape. I wondered if a guy their age would even notice me.
I shook my head. What was I thinking. These guys were half my age. Plus, I was happily married. Very happily. I had a husband who loved me and loved my body. Maybe a bit too much, I gave a small inward wry smile.
My husband, Jim, loved seeing me in revealing clothes. Not just at home, but when we went out as well. He loved it when men and women noticed me. He would point it out. At first I was self conscious, but after the years I began to enjoy and even look forward to the attention.
My mind drifted back to the boys. They were sitting on the truck tailgate taking a break. I figured I might as well meet them. I thought about what I was wearing. I was decent, a pair of white shorts and a blue tee. Nothing exciting, nothing unusual.
I went to the door and called to Karl. "Hey guys, you look like you could use some cold water or a soda," I said.
Karl responded, "Thanks Mrs. Castle, that would be great."
"Why don't you come inside in the air conditioning and sit," I offered.
They thanked me and all came in. As they did Karl introduced me.
The other boys names were Bob, Ryan, and Adam. They were all very polite. They smelled like sweat and hard work..
I have to admit I liked the smell.
I offered them all soda or water and after they told me what they wanted I went about getting them. I normally keep the soda on the bottom shelf of the refrigerator. As I bent over to get it I turned and looked at the boys to ask what kind of soda. I noticed their eyes were focused on me. It took me a moment, but I realized they were checking out my ass as I bent over.
My face flushed a little bit when I noticed. I decided to ignore it and got the sodas. After all I thought, it's not unusual for a guy to check out a woman's ass and truthfully I was kind of flattered.
I got the guys drinks and sat and chatted with them. They were pleasant and polite. They told me about their jobs and lives. Bob and Ryan had girlfriends. Adam and Karl said they were playing the field.
"Until I meet someone as pretty as you Mrs Castle, I'm staying single," quipped Karl.
"I'm sure there are lots of girls your age who are much prettier than a 42 year old woman," I replied.
"You are not 42," Adam and Karl said in unison.
I assured them I was.
"Not many girls our age look as good as you," said Karl.
I was feeling a little self conscious with all the attention. Having these guys talking about me was turning me on and embarrassing me. I liked that they noticed me. I knew I shouldn't. I changed the subject to how the move was going. Even though I changed the subject I couldn't help but think about what the boys had said.
Could they really think I'm that pretty? After all, I was 20 years older than them. I was feeling both flattered by what they said, and insecure that they were just teasing me.
We chatted for a while, they finished their drinks and said they had to get back to unloading. We said our goodbyes and they went back to work.
I watched through the window. I wondered if it was possible for those handsome men to actually find me attractive. I felt a little tingle of excitement as I thought about it.
I went about my day every once in awhile checking out the boys. I remembered when Jim was that young, all 5'11 and chiseled muscle. Not that he was in bad shape now, just that youthful body and energy had passed. I remembered what it felt like to have his pressed against mine. We were both softer now, but we still had a great sex life and I still loved the way his body felt against mine.
Eventually Jim came home. We made the usual small talk about our days and I mentioned the boys moving in.
"Oh, did you meet them?" he asked.
I told him that I'd met them and invited them in for a cold drink.
"Hmmm," he joked. "Should I be worried about my wife hanging out with four hot young men?"
"Maybe," I teased. "They told me I was pretty," I told him.
That peaked his interest. He asked me for details and we spent a little while talking about the conversation.
"Well, they have great taste," he said.
"Oh come on," I replied. "You really think guys that age would give a woman my age a second look?"
"Not only do I think they would, I think they did," he said scooping me into his arms.
He kissed me. Not the hi kiss, the one that said, "let's fuck." I was feeling a little horny myself so I was ready and kissed back. Our clothes ended up on the den floor and we fucked on the couch. I needed very little foreplay. My pussy was already wet.
"What got you so wet," he teased.
"I don't know," I responded coyly. "What's got that dick so hard and ready?"
We both knew. He always liked it when I got checked out. I always liked it too.
"Does that hard dick like knowing its wife was being checked out by four young studs," I teased.
"No more than this wet pussy enjoyed it," he replied.
We continued to fuck.
"I wonder what they'd say if they could see you now?" he mused.
I thought about what they'd be seeing. Me on my knees, head and chest to the couch. Jim Behind me with his cock in my pussy. The thought turned me on. I moaned.
"Oh? You like that idea," he teased.
"No more than you do," I panted back.
"True," he said and started thrusting harder.
"Oh my god," I moaned as he fucked me. I came all over his cock.
"Mmmmm, that's my sexy girl," he said
A few more thrusts and I felt his body start to stiffen.
"Cum for me baby," I coaxed. "Imagine the guys watching you cum inside me."
That was it. I felt his cum flood my pussy. We rolled over onto the floor in each other's arms.
I kissed him. "I love you," I said.
"I love you too," he replied. "And those guys are right, you are hotter than women their age."
We snuggled for a while, watched some TV, and went to bed. I couldn't get the image of the boys watching Jim fuck me out of my mind. Jim was asleep and I didn't want to wake him. I quietly slipped my hand to my pussy and brought myself to another orgasm. Then I fell asleep.
The next day was Saturday. I was up a little before my husband. I got myself a cup of coffee and sat in the living room. This wasn't too unusual, I liked looking out the window. I usually sleep nude so I'd thrown on a short pink robe that barely covered my ass.
Sitting in the living room I wondered if they could see me. I knew they couldn't, but it made my pussy wet wondering what they would think if they could.
Eventually Jim woke up. I got him some coffee and we made small talk. I kept looking towards the window.
"Trying to see more?" he laughed.
"I guess I'm just a nosey neighbor," I replied.
He laughed, "and what if they see you?"
"They can't see me from this angle," I protested.
"Of course they can," he said. "If you can see them, they can see you."
I let that sink in. I felt a tingling in my pussy. I kind of liked the idea of being seen. I wondered what they'd think if they saw me.
Monday morning I did my usual coffee routine. I was sitting looking out the window when I saw Karl coming out his door. I was wearing my short pink robe. I watched Karl as he walked to his car. All of a sudden he looked over and smiled. I looked around. Had he seen me?
My question was immediately answered when he waved at me. I wondered how much he could he see. Our property was a bit lower than his. I'd have to get out there and see at some point.
I waved back. He smiled, got in his car, and drove off.
I went about my day. As I did I kept thinking about Karl seeing me in my robe. The thought of it made me a bit horny. I wondered what Karl thought. Did he like what he saw?
Around four o'clock curiosity got the best of me. I decided to walk over and see how much Karl could have seen from his driveway. I headed out the door and up his driveway. I turned to look. As I did I realized he had a perfect view of my living room and had probably seen me down to my knees.
I started walking back to my house. As I did Karl's car pulled into the cul de sac. I was standing by the end of his driveway. He pulled in. I just stood there, I mean, I couldn't really just walk away, I needed to tell him something. My mind was blank for ideas.
"Hey Mrs. Castle, What's up?" he asked. It was obvious he was wondering what I was doing in his yard.
I thought fast. "Ummm, I came to ask you if you got any of our mail. I was expecting something and it hasn't arrived."
Wow, that was good. I congratulated myself.
"No we haven't seen anything but we'll keep an eye out," he said.
"Thank you," I replied and turned to walk to my house.
Then he said, "It was nice seeing you this morning."
I had no idea how to respond.
"Ummm.., I didn't know you could see me," I stammered. "I usually have my morning coffee in the living room. I like looking out the window."
"Oh yeah, I could see you. Who could miss such a beautiful woman so early in the day," he replied.
I must have blushed.
"No need to be embarrassed Mrs Castle. You are great to look at," he pushed.
"Thank you," was all I could think to say. Then, "I better be going."
"It was nice seeing you," he answered. "Now and this morning. Hope to see you again soon."
I turned and went into my house. Was he flirting with me? I wasn't sure what he meant by that last part. I could feel a fire of embarrassment and excitement. I wasn't sure which I liked better.
I started dinner and waited for Jim to get home. When he arrived home I was sitting at the kitchen table thinking.
"Hey babe, what's up," he asked seeing I was obviously deep in thought.
I never lie to my husband. I told him about my conversation with Karl.
"Of course he likes what he sees. You're gorgeous," he said. "I like what I see every morning too," he laughed.
"You get to see a lot more of me," I teased.
"I bet Karl wishes he could see more of you," he responded.
"Ya think?" I asked. "What makes you think he'd like to see more of an old lady like me?"
"Because you're gorgeous," he replied and kissed me.
"Oh, and how do you feel about him seeing me?" I asked.
"He's a lucky man," he replied.
We then started talking about our day and usual stuff. Jim took me in his arms and kissed me.
"I'm glad I get to look at you," he said as he kissed me.
"You just like to see me naked," I replied.
"Who wouldn't," he replied as he started to pull at my T-shirt.
"Hey what about dinner?" I protested.
"Fuck dinner," he said.
"Fuck me first," I replied.
His hands unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. Then he turned me around and bent me over the table. He tugged my jeans and panties down around my thighs. I spread my legs as far as I could being stopped by the material around my thighs.
I heard him unzip his pants. His fingers found my pussy. I was already wet but he spread my juices around just to make sure I could take him. I moaned as he touched me.
The tip of his cock pushed against my pussy lips. I pushed back as he thrust his cock into me.
"Mmmm, Baby, you feel so good," I moaned.
"And you have a perfect ass," he replied.
I wiggled it on his cock. "All yours baby," I said as he continued to fuck me.
I loved the way his cock felt with my legs held together. I could feel it tug on my clit with every thrust. I fucked back as much as I could.
"God baby, you feel so good," I breathed.
"I love how hot and wet you feel," he replied.
"Just fuck me," I sighed.
He grabbed my ass and continued to fuck me. Pulling me towards him as he thrust into me. I felt that familiar feeling in my pussy. I felt it build up. Then my orgasm washed over me. That tingling from my toes to my pussy. I moaned again.
"Mmmmm yes," I moaned.
"That's my girl, cum all over me," he responded.
I did. I could feel the hot juices in my pussy soak his cock.
"I love the way you feel," he told me.
I felt him stiffen up. As he did he grabbed my ass tighter and thrust into me. I felt his cock spasm and hot cum squirt against the walls of my pussy. I came again as he came in me.
"Mmmmmm...," I sighed dreamily.
I stayed bent over the table for a moment recovering my breath. I felt his cock fall out of me. I turned around, and with my pants and panties still around my thighs knelt down in front of him.
"Let me clean that off for you," I said.
I took his wet cock in my hands and guided it to my mouth. He was still semi hard as I started to suck and lick him clean.
I pulled it out of my mouth and looked at it. I loved this. I loved the taste of his cum mixed with mine. "Yumm," I purred as I continued to clean him off.
When I was done I licked and sucked my fingers clean.
"Wow," said Jim. "If showing off gets you this hot you should show off all the time."
"How about dinner," I said.
We both zipped up and sat down for dinner.
The next morning I got up and as Jim showered I went to get coffee. As I put on my pink robe I thought about the morning before and Karl seeing me. I felt that little tingle in my pussy. I wondered if he'd be out there again.
I poured my coffee and went to the living room to drink it. I stood in front of the window. I was thinking about Karl. I was wondering what he'd think if he saw me again.
I didn't have long to wait. I saw the door open and Karl walk out. Almost immediately he looked at my window. He saw me and waved. I waved back. He stood there for a moment then headed to his car. With another wave he got in his car and drove away.
I felt electric. That tingly feeling when you're anticipating or something exciting was about to happen. I heard a noise behind me. It startled me out of my thoughts. I turned to see Jim there. He had a huge grin on his face.
"Saying hi to your friend?" he asked.
I started to say something. He took me in his arms and kissed me.
"I bet he loved the view," he said. "I know I did." He grabbed my ass under my robe, pulled me to him and kissed me.
I melted into him practically humping his leg. I could feel his cock partially hard against my belly.
"I love you," I said.
"I love my sexy little wife," he said.
"You think I'm sexy?" I asked. I knew he did, but at that moment, I was feeling a little vulnerable.
"You know I do," he said. Then he slapped my ass and said, "I bet your new friend does too."
"I doubt that," I replied.
"If you waved to me from a window, dressed like that, I wouldn't be able to concentrate all day," he said. "In fact, just watching you do it is going to be a fun thought all day," he teased.
"Well if I can make my man think of me all day, I'm happy," I said.
"Two men," he replied. He kissed me again and headed out the door.
I went upstairs to shower and dress. I thought about Karl. I wondered if he liked what he saw. I thought about my husband's reaction. He didn't seem to mind that Karl saw me. In fact, he had the same reaction he had when we were out and men checked me out. He seemed to like it. The difference being all I had on this time was a short robe that barely covered my ass.
I thought about Karl looking at me. My fingers found my pussy. I wondered what he'd think if he'd been able to watch me. Would he want to touch me?Under the hot shower I brought myself to a nice orgasm. I turned the water off, got dressed and went about my day.
I got up the next morning and put on my robe. As I did my husband, who was in the bathroom shaving, must have heard me. He looked at me and said, "Say hi to your friend for me." He had a big smile on his face.
"Whatever," I said with a smile.
As he said it I knew I was looking forward to Karl seeing me again. I wanted to hurry and get to the living room so he wouldn't miss me, or I wouldn't miss him. I wasn't disappointed. At his usual time Karl appeared in his doorway. Again he looked to my window. He saw me and waved. I smiled and waved back.
This became our routine. Every morning I'd be in the window in my pink robe. Everyday we'd wave to each other. Jim would see me every once in awhile. He'd always kiss me and tell me how sexy I was.
Me standing in the window would often come up when we had sex. Jim started referring to Karl as 'my boyfriend'. He would ask me if I saw my boyfriend that morning. He would often talk about how sexy I was and that he bet Karl found me sexy too. As he fucked me he'd tell me how he bet Karl would want to fuck me. The conversation would always excite me and lead to great sex.
One day, about three weeks in, Karl came to his door. We waved as usual then, as he walked to his car, he stopped and looked at me. With his fingers pointing down he made a little twirling motion. It was obvious he wanted me to turn around.
I didn't know how to react. My heart was pounding in my throat. I was probably stalling for time, but with a questioning look, I made the same signal back. It was obvious I was trying to confirm what he was asking.
He nodded his head and did it again.
I looked around. I don't know what I was looking for. Maybe my husband. I decided what the hell. I slowly turned my back to the window. My robe was short. It barely covered my ass. I looked over my shoulder at him. He gave me a thumbs up. I turned back to the window he smiled and gave me a thumbs up. I shrugged my shoulders and gave him a shy smile. He waved again, got in his car, and headed off.
A few days later I was home in the kitchen when I heard a knock on the door. I opened it and Karl was standing there. I quickly thought about what I was wearing. I had just got home from work and had stripped out of my dress and threw on a tank top and sweats. I had also taken off my bra.
"Hey there," I said. My heart was beating. He and I had not spoken since that day I checked out his view. "What's up?" I asked.
"Oh," he faltered. He seemed he was nervous. "We got some of your mail."
"Oh, thank you," I replied. Then, "How are things going with the house?" I asked.
"Great," he said. "I love living here."
We started to chat. After a moment I invited him in for a cup of coffee. We sat at the kitchen table and chatted. As we talked my heart stopped beating so fast. It was just a normal conversation.
Jim came home as we were chatting. He smiled at me.
"Hi there," he said.
He made small talk with us. He then asked Karl how he liked living here. Karl told him about how he liked the house and the neighborhood. Jim responded with, "The views are great too."
I nearly choked on my coffee.
Karl smiled and laughed, "Yes it's a beautiful neighborhood."
We chatted a bit more and Karl left. I gave Jim a look.
"What?" He laughed. "The guy gawks at my sexy wife everyday. I don't get to tease him?"
"You're bad," I laughed.
That night when we made love he brought up Karl.
"So your boyfriend came to see you," he laughed. "I saw your nipples were hard through your tank as you talked to him."
I sighed.
"I bet he loved checking them out. Wanted to touch them," he went on. "Do you like being checked out by your boyfriend."
He was on top of me thrusting into me.
"I like it," I panted. Then I told him about the morning Karl wanted me to turn around. He wasn't mad. It excited him. He asked me how it made me feel. We switched gears from making love to fucking. Telling him about showing off was turning me on. It was turning him on too.
"Oh, so you like showing off for your boyfriend," he teased as he thrust into me. "I bet he wished he could see more. I bet he'd loved to grab that sexy ass."
He kept fucking me and prodding me.
"So, would you like it if he grabbed your ass? Did you like turning around for him? I bet he loved it," he said.
As he talked I felt my orgasm building. The thought of Karl being turned on by me was boiling in my mind. As I came I hissed, "Yes, Yes, I loved him looking at me. It turned me on." Truthfully I liked the thought of him grabbing me too, but I didn't say so. I came hard.
He kissed me. "Who knew my pretty little wife could be so naughty," he said lovingly.
We switched back to making love mode. "I love you," he said as he came.
"I love you too," I replied.
My morning routine went on. Every day Karl would ask me to twirl. Each day I did and smiled as I did. I looked forward to it. A few times Jim caught me. After he'd always take me in his arms and we'd make out. A few times he fucked me in the den or kitchen before he left.
One day I was in the mall shopping. As I passed the lingerie store I decided to go in. I found myself checking out the robes. I found two that caught my eye. They were both shorter than my pink one. From the back you could probably see the beginning of the curve of my cheeks. They were both lacy and of lighter material than the pink one. I bought them both.
The next morning when I got out of bed I put on the white robe. Jim saw it.
"Oooo, you bought your boyfriend a new robe I see," he teased.
I turned, "Do you like it?" I asked.
"Looks great, I bet he'll love it," he slapped my ass. "Shows off a lot more of your ass," he laughed.
I went down to get my coffee. I could feel the cool air on my ass. I wondered how much was showing. I tugged the robe down.
The mornings had gotten darker. As I walked into my living room in my new robe I realized that I probably really stood out in the lighted living room with the darker mornings. I waited for Karl. I wasn't disappointed. As soon as he saw me in my new white robe he gave me two thumbs up. I turned so he could see the back. When I looked back he had his hands over his heart faking a heart attack. I laughed.
As I did Jim came in.
"I gotta run babe," he said.
He grabbed me and kissed me in full view of Karl. Then he looked out the window and waved. He headed out the door. I saw him exchange a few words with Karl, but couldn't hear what they said. As Jim pulled out Karl waved at him. Then he turned back to me, gave me another thumbs up and drove off.
I was horny all day. Karl now knew that Jim knew Karl had seen me, and he knew Jim didn't mind. I wondered what Karl must be thinking. I went to shower. Again, in the shower, I rubbed myself to an orgasm. I wondered what it would be like to be naked in front of Karl, in front of Jim and Karl. I came.
I was horny all day. When Jim got home I pushed him against the door, unzipped his pants, and started sucking his cock.
"Did your boyfriend get you all hot and horny?" he asked.
"Uh huh," I admitted and got back to sucking cock.
"I suppose you want me to fuck you, or is it Karl you want to fuck?" he teased.
"I don't care," I said. "Fuck me, cum in my mouth, cum on me, whatever you want," I moaned.
"Oh, so showing off today made you feel a little slutty," joked.
"Yes," I said as I went back to sucking his cock.
"I want to fuck my naughty little girl," he said.
I unzipped my jeans. Since I was on my knees I pushed my jeans and panties my knees. I turned around and put my chest to the floor so my ass was in the air. He knelt behind me, grabbed my ass, and with one thrust was deep in my pussy. I came almost immediately.
He continued to pound my pussy bringing me to another orgasm.
"God yes," I moaned.
"God I love your ass," he almost growled.
I wiggled it. "All yours," I said.
"All mine?" he questioned.
"Yup, all yours," I groaned.
"What about your boyfriend," he continued.
I moaned.
"So you'd like it if your boyfriend could see your ass like this," he continued. "I bet he's dying to fuck you. I bet he jacks off thinking of you."
I moaned again.
"Maybe I'll have to invite him over," he said.
I wondered if he meant it, but only for a moment as another orgasm washed over me.
As I came he started pumping me harder. I could feel his orgasm grow. I love it when he cums. I started to cum again. As I did I felt his hot cum against my pussy walls.
As he slipped out of me, I stayed in that position. I liked the way the cum made my pussy feel messy.
After a moment we got dressed and had dinner.
The days went by. Each morning I would have my coffee. I now had three robes I alternated between. Almost every morning I'd do a little turn for Karl so he could see the back. I stopped being as careful tugging the robe down. I am not sure how much showed but I knew he got to see a bit of my ass.
Sometimes Jim would walk in. He'd wave to Karl then kiss me and head off. We continued to have great sex and often the subject of me showing off to Karl, or Karl touching me came up. Sometimes in these fantasies Karl watched us, sometimes he would show me his cock, sometimes I would let him touch me. It always made me cum. When I saw Karl the next day showing off was always on my mind.
One morning I was in my green robe. Karl had just waved to me and asked to see the back. As I was turning Jim saw me. He waved to Karl and scooped me in his arms and kissed me.
As he kissed me his hand fell to my ass. He slid it under my robe and grabbed my ass cheeks. I realized that he'd pulled the robe completely over my ass and Karl had a perfect view.
"Ohhhhh," I sighed as I realized what was happening.
I pulled back a bit to look at my husband's face. He was not looking at me. He was looking at Karl and smiling.
He let me go. Waved to Karl and finished getting ready for work. I turned to look at Karl. He had a big grin on his face and gave me two thumbs up.
The next day I was out running errands. As I pulled in my driveway I noticed that Karl had just pulled into his. I felt nervous. I hadn't spoken to Karl for a while. We'd been doing our little dance for at least two months and now he'd seen my ass. What would I say to him?
I thought about what I was wearing. Yoga pants and a t shirt. Nothing special. I got out of my car as he was walking over to me.
"Let me help you with those," he said pointing to my groceries.
Not knowing what else to say I just said, " Thank you."
He picked up two bags and carried them behind me.
He then said. "Your husband's right. You do have a great ass, even when covered."
Shocked I said, "Jim told you I have a great ass?"
"Well, now that I've seen it, I know it from experience, but yes, he did say you did," Karl replied
I didn't know what to say, so I just said, "Well thank you." Then I started feeling a little flirty and I added, " I'm glad you like it."
"Like it? Love it is more like it," he laughed. "I hope I get to see more of it."
He helped me carry the rest of the bags in. I thanked him and he turned to leave.
"See you tomorrow morning," he said. "By the way. I love that white robe, it really shows off your ass."
I laughed, "You really like my ass that much?"
"Absolutely, it's fucking gorgeous," he replied.
He was on the front step. He was about to walk away when I got a dirty idea.
"Karl," I said
He turned to look at me.
I turned my back to him and pulled my yoga pants and panties down over my ass and wiggled it at him.
I pulled them back up and said, "Happy?"
"Immensely," he replied. "Feel free to show that ass off any time you want."
I closed the door and leaned against it. My heart was beating a mile a minute. I couldn't believe I just did that. Leaning against the door I slid my hands into my yoga pants. My pussy was wet. I started rubbing my clit.
Just as I was about to cum, the door pushed open knocking me aside. Jim saw me and grabbed me.
"Whoa are you ok?" he asked.
"Yeah," I said. Then still feeling naughty I added, "I was just masturbating."
Jim laughed. "Oh? How come?"
I told him what just happened. He grabbed me and kissed me.
"Well, you don't have to jack off," he said. "You need to be fucked."
He scooped me up and carried me to the den couch. He pulled my yoga pants and panties off me, got between my legs and entered me. I was so wet. It felt so good to be full.
As he continued to fuck me, I thought about what I'd just done. I came with an intense orgasm.
Jim then got off me and directed me to get on my knees in front of the couch. He sat up and I took him in my mouth. I loved the taste of my pussy on his cock. I licked him clean. I wrapped my hand around his shaft and stroked it as I sucked the head.
He had a great cock. It was thick I could just wrap my hand around it. I continued to suck him. He grabbed my hair and pulled me onto his cock. Not too forcefully, but he guided me as I sucked him.
After a few minutes I felt him start to cum. Hot sperm hit the roof of my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could but some still dribbled down my chin. I sucked him clean, then scooped up what was in my face and licked my fingers clean.
The next morning I got up and reached for my robe. I stopped. Instead I went to my drawers and pulled out a short tank top and little thong.
As I put them on Jim stepped out of the shower. He looked at me and said, "Nice, I bet your boyfriend will love those."
"We'll see," I laughed.
I got my coffee and went to the living room. Karl came out of his house and saw me. He stopped with his mouth open. Then put his hands together like he was clapping. I bowed. Then turned and wiggled my ass at him. I then turned back and blew him a kiss. He blew me a kiss back and headed off for work.
The next few weeks I always had my coffee in a thong and tank top. I was loving it and enjoyed showing off. Jim and I would fuck like rabbits every night. In the morning Jim would come in a few times, kiss me, and wave to Karl.
One day Jim came in and kissed me. Karl was in his driveway. My back was to him. As he kissed me Jim slipped his hands into the waistband of my thong.
I pulled away and looked him in the eye, I wasn't sure what he was doing. Then I felt him push down on my thong. I searched his face. He smiled at me. My thong slid over my hips and he pushed it to the floor. I was sure Karl was watching, but I was facing away from the window. Jim then kissed me on the forehead and left the room.
I wasn't sure what to do. Karl had seen my ass, now should I show him my pussy? Obviously Jim was OK with it. The idea both scared and excited me. I took stock. I kept my pussy closely trimmed. I looked like the girls on game of thrones.
I was wondering if Karl was just standing there waiting to see what I'd do. I finally got the courage up. I turned. I was right, Karl was still there. I waved shyly then left the room.
Jim was in the den. I grabbed him and kissed him. I furiously undid his pants and pulled out his cock. Then I pushed him down on the floor and straddled him. I guided his cock into my pussy and started riding him hard.
"What?" He teased. "My naughty little girl likes being shown off to her boyfriend?"
I kissed him hard. "Shut up and fuck me," I hissed. I kissed him again.
I'm not sure who was fucking who, but I came three times. I was covered with sweat and smiling when we were done. Jim was going to be late for work.
I wasn't sure what to do the next day. I woke up and looked around. What did I wear? I was enjoying showing off. There was a part of me that just wanted to finally be naked. I not sure who I'd been teasing more, Karl or myself. I know I was almost constantly horny showing off. I wondered if Karl was. I wondered if he jacked off thinking about me. The thought made me wet.
I still had the dilemma of what to wear. I couldn't just stand in front of the window with my ass and pussy hanging out. Nor did I want to just walk out naked. Well, I did, but couldn't bring myself to do it. I decided to put on one of my robes.
I got my coffee and waited by the window. Karl came out at his usual time. He saw me, smiled and waved. I waved back. He then asked me to turn. I did, but as I did I pulled the robe up to my waist to show off my ass. When I turned back to him he gave me two thumbs up.
Just then Jim came up behind me. He waved to Karl, Karl waved back. Jim put his arms around me. I leaned into him. I felt his hands on the sash of my robe. I turned my head and tilted it back to kiss him. As we kissed I felt him undo the sash and pull my robe open. I sighed into his kiss.
I looked at Karl. He was smiling. I was completely exposed. I waved shyly. He laughed, waved back, got in his car and left.
I looked at my husband. "Are you enjoying showing me off?" I asked.
"More than you can imagine," he answered. He took me in his arms and kissed me.
"And What's next?" I asked.
Every morning that week I went to the window in my robe and ended up opening it and showing off. I was loving it. I loved the attention. I loved how on edge it made me feel. I loved the looks of appreciation I got from Karl. I realized I was definitely an exhibitionist.
Saturday rolled around. Jim was home and was going to watch a game. I had stuff to do around the house. About half an hour before the game Jim dropped the bomb on me. Karl was coming over to watch with him.
Oh my god, I thought. This man who'd now seen me naked was going to be in my house. The idea excited and terrified me. What was I supposed to wear? How would I act? How would he act towards me? My brain was going a mile a minute. The only words I could get out were, "he is?"
Jim laughed, "What, you don't want your boyfriend here?"
"What am I supposed to wear?" I practically screamed.
"What do you want to wear?" he asked.
What did I want to wear? A winter coat and snow pants, nothing, anything. I had no idea, my mind was in a panic.
"I'll find something for you," he said.
I was glad to give up control, but my heart was still racing. After all, it was Jim who exposed me to Karl. He'd undressed me and made sure Karl saw me naked. Now what would he pick?
I went to shower quickly. When I came out of the shower there were clothes on the bed. Well not really. There was my ruffled apron. It covered my chest and ended mid thigh. It was open in the back. Next to it was a pair of panties. They were one of my husband's favorites. Not quite a thong, not quite boy shorts. Last there was a pair of heals.
That was all there was? Could he really want me to wear just that? The idea both scared and excited me. I pulled on the panties. I looked in front of the mirror. They made my ass look great. I put on the apron. From the front everything was covered. It looked like the apron a wife in the 1950s would wear. It tied behind my neck and around my waist.
Everything was covered, my ass, pussy, tits. I wore less to the beach, but something was very naughty about being dressed this way knowing Karl was coming over. I stepped into the heels. They made my legs look great.
I heard the door and muffled voices downstairs. I looked in the mirror. I wondered what Karl would think. Obviously Jim and Karl had discussed this. What had Jim said to Karl? Was I really going to do this? My heart was beating in my throat. I wondered what Karl would say. He'd seen me naked. What did Jim have in mind?
With a deep breathe I opened the bedroom door and headed down the stairs. As I reached the bottom of the stairs I felt like my heart was going to burst. Jim saw me first.
"Hey there babe, you look great," he said.
As he did Karl turned to look at me. "Nice," he said.
I blushed.
"I thought you'd like it," said Jim
"She's even better close up," Karl replied.
Jim said, " You haven't seen anything yet."
They were both sitting, the TV was on. The game about to start. I offered to get them something to drink. They thanked me. I got up and went to the kitchen. I could feel their eyes following me. I got the drinks and came back. The game had begun.
I'm not much of a football fan, so I'd get up and putter around the kitchen while they watched. I curled up in a chair across from them and played online with my iPad.
If the guys asked for something I got up and got it. I was starting to feel normal being dressed like that in front of Karl. Every time I got up I could feel the boys looking at me. My blood was racing, but I also felt the wetness in my pussy. Being on display like that was turning me on. I wanted to take Jim upstairs and fuck his brains out. I couldn't wait till Karl left, then again, I loved showing off in front of him.
At one point I got up to go to the kitchen. Both guys were watching me. Karl commented to Jim on how hot I looked. Then Jim shocked me.
"I bet we can improve the view," he said.
Improve the view? What did he mean? I stopped in anticipation.
"Babe, take off those panties," he said.
I froze. Take off my panties? Just like that? I mean, sure, Karl had seen me without them, but he'd been on the other side of a window, not in the same room. On the other hand the idea excited me. I wanted to show off. I wanted Karl to see my ass. The idea of showing off even more excited me. Why shouldn't I? My husband was telling me it was ok.
I looked at Karl, then I looked at Jim. I could feel my heart racing. I looked back at Karl. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my panties and slid them down over my hips and down my thighs. They fell in a pool by my feet. I stepped out of them. I stooped to pick them up.
"Leave them on the floor," Jim ordered.
I did what he said and stood back up. I just stood there. I wasn't sure what to do.
"Turn around," said Jim.
I was breathing hard. I couldn't believe how wet my pussy was. I wondered if they could tell. They'd both seen my ass but this was something else.
I turned with my naked ass towards them.
"Just as pretty close up," said Karl.
"I know, said Jim.
They were talking about me like I wasn't there. Like I was a piece of art to be shown off and enjoyed. I was loving it.
Then Karl reached out and grabbed my ass. I wasn't expecting it. I yelped, then I looked at Jim. Jim just laughed.
"It's ok babe," he said. "I told Karl how tight your ass was."
I just stood there. I think I was holding my breath. Karl reached out again and grabbed it. This was a game Jim and I played in the bedroom. We'd talked about Karl joining us. We'd even role played it. Now Karl was stroking my ass. I wanted to bend over and show him my pussy. I wanted to run upstairs and hide. I just stood there.
"She does have a great ass," said Karl. Again talking to Jim like I wasn't really there.
Jim then said my name. I turned facing him.
"Babe," he said. "You ok?"
I nodded.
"What do you want?" he asked.
Want? Want? I wanted to be fucked. I wanted to run and hide, I wanted to suck cock, I wanted a window between me and Karl. I wanted my fingers in my pussy, I wanted Karl to grab my ass again. What did I want?
Instead I reached behind me and untied the apron strings around my waist. I wasn't sure what was going to happen, but I was so excited I didn't care. I wanted to be naked. I wanted to be shown off. I wanted Karl to see me. I wanted Jim to be proud of me.
I thought about our fantasies. I wondered how far Jim wanted to go. Would he let Karl fuck me? I reached behind my neck and undid the last tie covering me. The apron fell to the ground. I was naked except for my heels. It felt weird being naked in a room with two men fully dressed. On the other hand my nipples were hard and my pussy dripping. I was loving it.
Jim took my hands and pulled me to my knees, he leaned into me and whispered, loud enough for Karl to hear. "Suck my cock."
He was still sitting on the couch. I reached to his zipper and pulled out his cock. As I held it I turned to look at Karl. He gave me a thumbs up. I giggled then turned back to Jim's cock.
I took him in my mouth. I could feel Karl watching me. I felt like I was performing for him. I wanted him to see what a great blow job I could give. I licked the shaft and then took the head in my mouth. I continued to stroke his cock as I fucked it with my mouth. I couldn't take it all, but I took as much as I could.
Then it happened. I felt Karl's hand between my legs. He was behind me with his fingers in my pussy. I stopped sucking Jim's cock and looked at him. Jim had a big smile on his face. I smiled back, I pushed my hips back against Karl's hand and moaned.
As I sucked Jim's cock Karl played with my pussy. I was soaking wet. His fingers found my clit. I was so worked up I came almost immediately and sighed around Jim's cock.
Karl's fingers disappeared. I looked back at Karl and saw he was undressing. I looked at Jim.
"Are you sure this is what you want?" I asked.
"Are you?" He replied.
I paused, I looked at his face. "Fuck yes," I answered and started sucking Jim's cock again.
I again felt Karl's fingers in my pussy. He slipped two inside me. I moaned.
"Oh fuck Jim. His fingers feel so good," I sighed.
"Oh," Jim teased. "You like having your boyfriend's fingers in your pussy?"
"Fuck yes," I said.
Karl pulled his fingers out of my pussy. He grabbed my ass and pulled it up. I tried to get it as high as I could. I couldn't believe it, this was actually going to happen.
Grabbing my ass with one hand, I felt his cock against my pussy lips. I stopped sucking Jim's cock.
"He's going to fuck me baby," I said.
I was so wet his cock slid right in up to his balls. I gave a sharp intake of breath. I hadn't had another cock since I started dating Jim. I realized I'd been building to this for months and now that it was happening I loved it.
Karl started fucking me with long slow strokes. I moaned on Jim's cock.
"Fuck you look hot," said Jim.
I just moaned and continued sucking his cock while Karl fucked me from behind. Karl was fucking me in long hard strokes. I thought back to when I first started showing off to him. The excitement I felt. I was feeling it again with his cock deep in me. I was loving it.
I tried to picture what I looked like to him. His hands were on my ass as he fucked me. He could probably see my pussy lips stretched around his cock. He coułd see his cock thrust into me.
I felt my orgasm building. That fire from sensory overload. It washed over me like a hot wave.
"Oh my god," I exclaimed.
Jim had seen enough of my orgasms to know that I just came.
"That's It Babe, enjoy yourself," he said.
Then to Karl he said, "Let's switch."
Karl pulled out of me. Jim got up and laid down on the floor. I swung my legs over him and guided him into my pussy.
"Mmmmm, hot and wet," he said.
I looked at Karl and grabbed his cock. I guided it to my mouth. Once again I could taste my pussy. I loved the taste of pussy on cock. I started sucking his cock and stroking it with my hand.
"Your wife's face looks amazing with a cock in it," Karl said.
"I know," Jim replied.
I was loving the feeling of two cocks at once. Then Karl kind of pushed my head away. I realized he was about to cum. I thought how sweet it was not to just cum in my mouth.
"That's ok," I assured him. "Cum in my mouth. I love the taste of cum."
I wrapped my lips around him and started stroking him faster.
I felt the first hot streams fill my mouth. I started swallowing as fast as I could. I forgot what huge loads young men could have. I swallowed as much as I could but some still dribbled down my chin.
Karl pulled out and sat in a chair. Now I concentrated on fucking Jim. I liked that Karl was watching. I kept eye contact with Karl as I rode Jim's cock. Karl started stroking his cock. I watched as his erection started to grow again.
I felt Jim pull my hips towards him. I knew this was a cue he was about to cum.
"Cum for me baby. Fill me up," I moaned.
As I felt his hot cum fill my pussy, I came again. I was covered with sweat. I rolled off him and onto the floor. Laying on my back I started to catch my breath.
"Fuck that was amazing," I sighed.
Karl got up off the couch and knelt between my legs.
He smiled at me. "It's not over yet," he said. I reached my arms out to him. Holding his body I guided his cock into my dripping pussy. It felt so naughty having his cock in me knowing there was a load of cum in me.
Jim got up on his knees. He grabbed my legs and pulled them up and back. Now my pussy was truly exposed to Karl as he continued to pump me.
"Mmmmmm yes," I groaned. The thought of my husband again showing me off brought me to another orgasm.
Karl fucked me to two more orgasms before he came. He came with a grunt filling my pussy with a second load of cum. I could feel it dripping out and drying on my thighs.
He sat back on his knees.
"That was amazing," Jim said. Karl agreed.
I got up and got us all a drink. As I walked I could feel the cum squishing inside me. I sat down on the couch. Jim joined me and cuddled me.
We talked a bit about how much I loved it. Then Karl said, "I need a wife like yours."
"That shows off, or that fucks two men?" Jim answered. I blushed.
"Yes," answered Karl.