"Thirty seconds." Trevor pushed the elevator button. "Less if I'm not doing myself."
Kelly snorted. "I don't know if you should be bragging about this, Trev..."
"Why not?"
"I'm just sayin'..." She shrugged, checking her purse for their press passes. She wasn't surprised by the turn in conversation. The sexual tension had stretched taut all night between the twin beds in the room they shared.
Business,Kelly reminded herself, all night long. They were co-workers, nothing more. Never mind that Trevor had flirted and teased her mercilessly for years. Never mind that she'd wanted to take him up on his myriad of offer to take her out, and might have, except for the fact that he was out with a new girl every other week.
Business, we're here on business.
Trevor grinned. "Hey, I wonder if there's a world record..."
"You want to make Guinness as the world's fastest ejaculator?" Kelly arched one blonde, finely plucked eyebrow and stabbed at the elevator button again. If they didn't hurry, they were going to be really late.
"Why not?" He winked. "Everyone has to have their fifteen minutes of fame."
"Thirty seconds of fame." She snorted. Then she smiled, a slow, sly spread of lips and teeth.
"Thirty seconds, huh?" she mused, pressing the elevator button one more time, as if it would appear by magic. "Really?"
"Less if I'm not doing myself."
She gave him a steady look. "It seems...awfully fast."
"It is." He nodded, and then shrugged. "But what's wrong with a quickie?"
"Nothing...ifbothof you get something out of it."
"Hey, I don't neglect my duties in that department." Trevor straightened his tie, checking his reflection in the elevator doors. God, he was vain. Not that he didn't have a right to be. Even in his suit, she could tell how firmly muscled he was.
"Oh, come on!" Kelly exclaimed as the doors opened and several people got out. "There's no way these women are coming in thirty seconds!"
"Shh!" Trevor hustled her into the elevator, pressing the button for the ground floor. Kelly let him hang onto her elbow, smiling at the way his hand brushed against the side of her breast, as if she might not notice. She didn't know how much more she could take. If they were going to be together like this all day long...
"They are, too!" Trevor insisted.
"They are not," she scoffed. "They're faking it."
He rolled his eyes. "I know the difference."
"You do not."
"Yes, I do!"
"Okay." Kelly turned to face him, her eyes bright with daring. "Let's see if you can tell the difference."
Trevor swallowed. "What?"
"Come on." She pressed the emergency stop button and the elevator came to a jerking halt, the alarm buzzing. "We've got two minutes."
"Are you serious?" His eyes widened.
"You know you want to..." She turned, hiking her navy skirt up, revealing black panties and thigh highs.
His eyes dipped between her legs. "Well...yeah...but..."
"Two minutes is more than enough time, right?" Her fingers nudged her panties aside to reveal smooth, shaved lips. "That's what you said..."
Trevor groaned softly. "Damn, Kelly..."
"See if you can make me come in thirty seconds." She winked over her shoulder at him as her slippery fingers opened herself to him. Trevor unzipped his trousers.
"Can I—?" His cock nudged her fingers. "Really?"
She reached back, guiding him in. "Is this what you want?"
"Oh fuck..." He pressed forward, grabbing her hips. "God, you feel good."
She arched, grasping the rail. "So do you." Her hips danced, round and round. His fingers searched out her clit, rubbing fast.
"Fifteen seconds..." Kelly murmured, glancing at her watch.
Trevor thrust slower, groaning. "I knew I should have jerked off this morning..."
"Close?" She squeezed his cock, teasing.
"You?" He gasped, fingers circling her clit.
"Getting there...rub faster."
"Are you really?" he panted. "Or are you just saying that?"
"Oh fuck...Trev...don't stop," she begged, biting her lip.
"Damnit, Kelly, don't fuck with me!"
"No, don't stop fucking me!" She rocked back.
He shoved in deep, shuddering. "Gonna come!"
"Thirty seconds!" she moaned, her pussy fluttering. "Damn...you weren't kidding..."
"Did you come?" he asked, tucking and zipping.
She grinned. "Couldn't you tell?"
"Um..."
"See, I told you." Kelly turned the emergency stop off.
"Okay, so tell me." He watched her pull panties up, skirt down. "The truth."
She winked at him, straightening one stocking. "I guess you'll have to do it again to be sure."
Trevor's eyes brightened as the elevator doors slid open. "Maybe I just will."