A Night to Remember (100% true)
Over the last several weeks we hadn't had a lot of private time together and decided we needed a night away to let loose and enjoy each other. Our little getaways always tend to get very hot and sex-charged and we normally push the envelope of sensibility for two mature adults (we are both in our 40's). Ever since the B&B incident when we left behind one pissed off entrepreneur and a neighbor that won't soon forget our visit we try to make sure one of us isn't too far gone to keep us in line.
We wanted to spend a night in the city and after reviewing several hotels we decided on a nice chain hotel in the heart of downtown that had all the amenities we were looking for. A nice restaurant and lounge where I (and the rest of the patrons) could enjoy the sight of my gorgeous wife in the new sexy, skimpy outfits I purchased for her. The hotel also had an executive lounge where we could enjoy some drinks and hors d'oeuvres in the evening and an adult only swimming pool that was open until midnight. A nice opportunity to test out the new thong bikini we purchased for our upcoming vacation!
During the car ride I pulled out some of our erotic stories about exhibitionism, voyeurism and fingering by strangers for her to read. Some she read to herself and some she read aloud. While silently reading I could notice out of the corner of my eye slight movement of her legs and barely audible sounds of appreciation...."mmm"! She was now dripping wet and horny as hell from reading the stories where she was, in her mind, transported into the body of the patient whose sponge bath led to her being fingered to an orgasm and the lady who exposed her shaved pussy to the saleslady who expertly treated her to another mind blowing orgasm from a stranger.
In the stop and go traffic on the highway just outside the city she pulled her jeans and panties down to just above her knees, grabbed the finger vibe from her purse and began to slide vibe over her clit and plunge it into her wet pussy. At this point I had my jeans undone and she was stroking my hard cock up to the point where she brought herself to her own orgasm. Time to calm down as we're entering the city!
We parked at the hotel and made our way to reception to check in. Our room wasn't ready yet so we were directed to the executive lounge to wait until our room was clean. To pass the time we, of course, read more stories and polished off one of the bottles of champagne that we brought. This of course brought us right back to the extremely horny state we were in just prior to our arrival. Her foot was in my lap and I was pressing it into my hard on while she continued to read the very erotic stories I picked out for her. We're not sure if the hostess or any of the other guests noticed what we were up to but we didn't care.
After about an hour we were approached in the lounge and given our room keys. We got to our room, unpacked, opened the other bottle of champagne and talked about dinner plans. We were both getting hungry so we decided to get ready and head downstairs to the restaurant in the hotel right away. We put on some tunes and started to get ready. I was on the balcony having a smoke and watching her put on her stay ups and thong. This was getting me even hornier than I was before and I was hard as a rock when I came back in to get ready myself. By this time she had on her new dress that looked absolutely stunning and over the top sexy. As the top was so revealing she could not wear a bra and she had to change her thong because the skirt portion was so tight is showed panty lines. I finished changing and just sat and watched her move about the room mesmerized at how sexy and beautiful she looked. It was now time to go eat and show off my sexy lover to those lucky enough to be in our path.
As we walked down the hall to the elevator and through the lobby to the restaurant I was so proud of how beautiful and smoking hot my wife looked. I was dying to turn around and watch the reactions from the men in the hotel lobby as we made our way to the restaurant. This poor teenager was walking our way and he couldn't take his eyes off my wife's tits as we walked his way. With her wearing this extremely low cut, loose fitting top style of the dress with the possibility of one her perfect nipples falling into sight a distinct possibility, neither could I!
We had great service at the bar and at our table. A smooth bartender served us while we were waiting for our table and two very attentive waiters, one of which was gay for sure (probably both) took care of our table. I moved from my chair and sat beside her on our table's portion of the large, wrap around type bench that provided seating for several tables. There was one large party with about 10 girls and a man and women, obviously not a couple, two tables down from us in sight. We were by no means secluded yet felt like we had our privacy at the same time. During dinner I couldn't take my eyes off her and was still horny as hell. I "accidentally" pulled the dress off her shoulder while removing my arm from being wrapped around her revealing her right breast. She gave me that "hey you!" look. Yet she seemed to be in no hurry as she slowly pulled the dress back up to cover tit again. I was continually rubbing her legs and because the skirt portion of her dress was so short the tops of her stockings were peeking out the bottom the dress. This was too much for me and I had to get my hand down there and find out if she was as wet as I was hard. She was! I saw the waiter coming and left my hand between my wife's legs pressed up against her pussy and I chatted with the waiter. At first glance it may have looked like I just had my hand on her thigh but the slightest attentive look would reveal where my hand was (and probably her panties too). The waiter was excellent and didn't skip a beat.
She was feeling sexy in her skimpy dress, no bra, stockings and high heels and we always seem to get really horny when we drink champagne. By time we had finished dinner (me with a constant hard on and her with the revealing dress, exposed tit and having me grinding my hand into her pussy) we were both fully charged. As we were leaving the restaurant she told me that her friend, a swinger, told her about a club nearby where couples could go and be watched fucking each other and watch other people fuck. We are not interested in swinging or adding a third person to our sex life but I almost lost it when she mentioned this. We were now telling each other what we would do to each and if we would like being fucked while strangers would watch. We were crazy horny now. The idea of having people watch us fuck just about made me explode.
There were 3 guys outside the elevator talking when we got off on our floor. I was fingering her on the elevator and by the time we got to our floor her dress has risen up fully revealing her entire stockings and about 2 inches of her ass. Our room was at the far end of the long hallway and loved it as the guys watched her sexy ass walk the entire length. She looked over her shoulder just after we passed and saw the one guy checking out her ass and when we got to the end of the hall (I walked passed our room to give them a longer view of her ass) I turned around to see them all still watching. We went into the stairwell where I removed her thong and gave her a little lick before lowering her dress back down just low enough to show the bottom of her pussy peeking out the bottom. We returned to our room to plan the rest of our night!
We turned on the laptop to search for the next stop on our spontaneous, wild night out. She was bent over the couch surfing the web as I licked her ass and eventually fucked her from behind. And after some searching we eventually found the name of the club. We recorded the address, took one last swig of the champagne and quickly left to room before we changed our minds! She was still so wet and we left the panties behind so there was nothing to restrain the moisture and I was so hard it almost hurt. We caught a cab at the hotel to take us to the club. She sat spread eagled in the back seat and my finger easily slid into her wet pussy. She was so wet that when the cab stopped for a red light you could hear the sloshing from my finger fucking. She tapped my hand to stop. She stayed spread-eagled as I slowed down to just rubbing her clit and sliding my middle finger slowly in and out of her sopping wet pussy.
We arrived at our destination and as I helped her out of the cab she spread her legs wide as she stepped out treating to the sight of her glistening pussy as it was lit up by the streetlights. We asked about the layout of the club, paid our cover charge and headed inside no knowing what to expect. It was explained to us that there were two sections, a regular bar downstairs and the more "free" section upstairs that opened at 11:30, about a half of an hour wait. So we ordered a beer and sat at the bar and sipped away waiting for the upstairs section to open. The "regular" section of the bar had a cage with women dancing inside and several couches and chairs that were slowly filling up.
We almost had too much time to think about what we were about to do and almost left. As anxious as we may have been I was kept totally horny by the sight of my sexy wife sitting on the bar stool opposite me. Knowing what turns me on she very discretely spreads her legs to flash me her pussy again taking my breath away. There were several people around us at this point but that didn't stop me from running my finger over her nipples and eventually sliding the top of her dress to the side exposing her tit allowing me to stroke and pinch her perfect nipple.
We eventually got to ok to head upstairs so we head up not knowing what the hell to expect. All we knew was that we were horny and wanted to fuck. The employee escorting us got an eyeful of her pussy up her micro dress as he was right behind her going up the stairs and the dress had risen up to expose the bottom part of her ass. We signed in at the top of the stairs and were given a locker and key. We headed into the locker room, stripped down and wrapped the towel around us. She left on her stockings and heels, the sexiest sight ever!
We were the first people there so we grabbed a shot each (we needed a shot at this point), headed into the lounge area, grabbed a couch, got naked and laid the towels on the couch for us to lay down on. At this point we had the place to ourselves so there was no hesitation getting started. I immediately started into chewing on her pussy. We moved from me eating her out to her sucking me off as people trickled in and strolled by our couch. As unbelievable as this was the awareness and realization that total strangers were inches away as we were naked and pleasuring each other would only drift in and out of our thoughts. When I was not completely entranced in the pleasure of my cock being perfectly licked, sucked and stroked I would move my eyes and watch the people pass by. I would imagine the spectacular view the people would have of her pussy and ass as they approached us from the far end of the bar with her head bobbing up and down as sucked my cock.
As the room was beginning to fill we both noticed another couple on a couch across from us in a large sectional group-couch area watching us. They both still had their towels on but she was jerking him off under his towel as they watched us. We think they may have been waiting for a signal inviting them to join us. Another couple was at the other end of the sectional couch and they were already into it when we noticed them. They were both naked and they seemed to be of the same frame of mind as us as I first noticed her sucking him off, then her feet were in the air over his shoulders with face buried in her pussy and then we could see his bare ass slowly pumping in and out of her.
As much as I hated to get up I had to use the visit the washroom. To make sure we didn't calm down I suggested she continue playing with herself while I was gone. When I returned and rounded the corner to our bed there she was laying on her back rubbing her clit. Oh my god what a sight! This drives me wild anytime, anywhere but to see her doing this in the middle of a bar full of people that was too much. It was time to make my woman cum and cum hard. I sat on my knees for a moment as she was on her back with her legs slightly spread open awaiting my mouth and tongue. I was admiring how sexy she was in the dim light of the room and enjoying the fact that the men and women who were walking by us at that moment were enjoying the same sight that I was.
I started with my tongue running back and forth, side to side then applied more pressure with my tongue as I swirled it directly onto her clit. I slid my index finger into her pussy massaging her G-spot then inserted a second. It didn't take long before her body language told me she was close to coming. I heard people standing right beside us talking as she began to moan before coming for the first time in front of a room full of strangers. Shortly after her breathing returned to normal I climbed on top of her and entered her slowly before picking up the pace to a steady fuck, not violently wild, just a nice steady fuck. So here we are now, for the first time as well, completely naked fucking on bed/couch as strangers filled the room and walked by so close that we could feel breeze on our legs as the passed.
I alternated from fucking her to fingering her. There were people walking by and watching again as I sat back on my knees using two fingers to work her pussy. It was time for her to come again, this time with me inside her. After climbing on top of her and sliding my cock easily into her wet pussy I straddled her forcing them together. I slowly began to slide deep inside and pulling back almost all of the way so the full length of my cock was pleasuring her. At the same time I was applying pressure with my pelvis onto her clit bringing her closer and closer to her next orgasm. I love this position because almost all of our naked bodies are in contact with each other and my ears are close to her face allowing me feel her breath quicken and hear her moans as she cums. It was another fantastic orgasm as I felt the contractions on my cock from the last few twitches almost made me come.
We had no concept of time as we carried on our exhibitionist display of hot, passionate sex. I took a rare look around the room to notice that there were a lot more people beginning to fill the darkened room we were in. I went back to pleasuring my woman with my tongue. As I was eating her out two girls stopped, watched and commented on how hot she was. I didn't see them but she described them as both wearing stockings and having their arms around each other. I wonder how close they were to asking me if they could take my place. Shortly after this I climbed on top and began fucking her again. There was a couple standing right beside our bed surely watching me slowly fuck my wife. It didn't take long before I felt the explosion coming so I pulled out, got up on my knees and blew my load on her chin and chest. I collapsed on her and the thought immediately filled my head, "I just jerked off on my wife's tits as these strangers stood right beside us watching".
We stayed like this for a few minutes before we stood up, cleaned ourselves up a bit and headed towards the locker. I was too buzzed (from booze and arousal) to take in details of the room as we were passing through. The room became brighter as we passed the bar and approached the locker. My god my wife still looked so fucking sexy with the towel wrapped around her chest with her long, beautiful stocking covered legs and high heels taking her confidently across the room.
As we entered the lit portion near the front door we passed a woman with her tits out and bouncing like crazy as she proudly bounded down the aisle. As exhausted and somewhat freaked out as we were this brought a chuckle to both of us. "Have a good night!"
There were several people at the front checking in as we stopped to get the key to our locker wearing nothing but our towels, (stockings and heels), sweat and smiles. We picked up the key and headed into the very bright locker room. It's packed with people getting undressed or leaving wearing their towels. As I'm trying to find space in the crowd to open our locker I hear her say "Sorry, I'm in your way". I look up and there she stands nonchalantly talking to this well-dressed guy completely naked except for her stockings and heels. "No problem!" he says. No shit buddy! We're sure he noticed the little bit of cum that was still on her chest as he checked out at her tits. Oops! We got dressed and made our way out of the bar but not before she noticed the giant guy (about 7 feet tall) from the bar in the locker room and, unfortunately, he didn't have matching equipment!
We were pretty spent when we caught a cab and left for the hotel. Other than my playing with her pussy again on the cab right back we were pretty much done for the night. I had no money for the cab and had to hit the ATM in the hotel! We got up to our room and realized that I had lost my room key at the club! We were let inside our room by security but I had to show photo ID when we got there. Thank god I hadn't lost my wallet too. The security guard left the room and we just looked at each other, laughed and said "Holy Shit, can you believe what we just did!!!"
What a night! Needless to say we had great sex the next morning to start our day.