It was a week day, my day off work. No-one else was in, and the house was quiet. I'd been pottering about doing odd jobs to keep myself busy, as daytime telly is boring. I sorted a load of dry washing into piles, and distributed them into my teenage children's bedrooms. When I took the last lot into my eldest's bedroom, I had to walk around her bed and passed the window which overlooked our rear garden to get to her wardrobe. As I walked past the window i caught a glimpse of something from the corner of my eye, so I took a step back and realised it was my next door neighbour Diana i'd seen, out in her garden. She was lying face down on a blanket, at an angle so that her head was facing towards the sun which meant I had a perfect view of her ass from the upstairs window. She was wearing a pair of tight black shorts and a black bikini top.
We'd been neighbours for about 10 years, and had had a few flirty exchanges, usually when she was in the company of her mum, and a few conversations about our children (hers were teenagers too) but not as much as i'd have liked due to her arse of a husband. He was self-employed but quite lazy, and when he had no work on he was usually in a foul mood, this compounded by Diana passing her exams late and now working in a school as a headmistress, which meant she earned a lot more money than he did.
I moved away from the window to start folding the clothes. I would leave them on the bed for daughter to put away herself, she preferred that so she could leave her favourites in easy reach. I couldn't help but pause after folding each item to glance back through the window. I had just folded the last and looked down again and Diana had stood up, turning slightly has she did. The bikini top was doing just enough to stop her breasts spilling out, barely covering her nipples. She'd picked up some sun cream which had been on a small table that had been by her head, under the table was a small drinks bottle, on the top she had put her phone at an angle so she had probably been watching something on it. It was sheltered from the sun by a facecloth, presumably to stop it overheating in the sun, and a second facecloth where she had been wiping beads of sweat from her face.
She poured some sun cream out and started to rub it into the small of her back and then the top of her thighs. She kept stopping to try to pull the shorts up and cover as much skin as possible, and after a while presumably gave up as she pulled down the zip front and dropped the shorts to the floor. Keeping her legs straight she bent right over and pulled the shorts from her ankles. I had a great view of the curves of her ass which was now covered by a bikini bottom which matched the top not just in colour but barely covering any of her cheeks. I wasn't complaining and my cock certainly wasn't has I felt it stirring in my shorts.
She started to rub sun cream back into her legs and then across both cheeks, pushing the material aside a little as she did. She was still bending forwards and her breasts were swinging to and fro. It was mesmerising, so much though that I hadn't actually realised I now had my hand in my shorts and was rubbing myself at the beautiful sight in front of me.
Diana lay back down on the blanket and I saw her re-position her phone. She had been watching something on it then. She bent her legs upwards at the knees and the bikini bottoms moved ever closer to disappearing into her crease, so I focused my view there and released my cock from my shorts, starting to wank myself a little faster. She stayed like that for a couple of minutes and then I saw her reach behind her and untie the bikini top. As the bow opened the strings dropped either side and I could see her breasts from underside of her as they were being forced out by her lying on them. She arched her back slightly and in one swift movement pulled the top from underneath her and casually tossed it to where she had put her shorts.
I was a bit disappointed then as I thought she may turn over and free those breasts into my line of vision, but she didn't. I longed to get a better view of them, I guessed she was about a 36D but as i'd only seen them now as she faced away from me, and in her work clothes, it was a total guess. Shortly, almost as a compromise, she reached behind her and pulled the bottoms into her ass crease, so it looked like she was wearing a g-string. Only a small amount of fabric was now on show. She rubbed a bit more sun cream into the now uncovered area, and opened her legs a little more to put some on her inner thighs.
I was getting back into a steady rhythm where something made me stop dead. I'd heard a noise and didn't know what is what, then saw Diana look towards her house. Into view came her husband! Even through closed windows I could hear him moaning about how he'd been to give a quote on a job, and he'd been there for an hour before they told him they were going to look at other quotes. Rather than drop his price he'd stormed off in a mood, and decided to come home. Bad luck for me. I though the show was nearly over so decided to quickly get out my phone to try to take a few snaps, i'd probably never see her with so little on again. Her husband had noticed she hadn't got her top on and had asked why, and she had told him there was no-one about to see here like it, so she had been taking advantage of the day off by topping up her tan. He didn't look happy, but sat down on the grass level with head, facing the same way as she was.
I pointed the camera at her and got a few full length shots, and zoomed in to get a few closeups. While doing so I saw she had her phone in her hand now, but on the opposite side of her body where he was sitting. The screen seemed to be facing me and she was moving it, so I focused on the screen and words she'd typed came into view on my phone screen.
"Hubby home now, will have to be careful"
I read the message twice, I could see he was back so why was she telling me. Then it struck me that to show me the message she must knew i was there, she knew i'd been watching her! I understood now that was why she had moved the phone on the table earlier, if it was on selfie mode so she would of been able to see me in the window over her shoulder.
I noticed that she'd now began stroking her ass, all the while watching him to see if he noticed what she was up to. Her left hand reached behind her to pull the fabric to one side, and at the same time as I caught my first glimpse of her uncovered pussy, I saw her right hand move under her body and appear between her legs. She touched at her clit and I noticed her back arch and she squirmed as she touched herself. She looked at hubby, but he was oblivious. She turned her head to the side and she had the facecloth in her mouth, biting it to suppress her whimpers. She continued for a few minutes and then pushed first one, then a second and finally three fingers into herself. She couldn't get much movement with her hand under her, so she held it still while she raised her ass and lowered it again, slowly onto her hand. She had a good angle so she had her thumb sticking out, as she lowered herself she was not only rubbing her clit, but also her ass hole.
She stopped what she was doing and I saw her phone by side again. I zoomed in again and this time the message read "Are you ready to come with me? Need to see how much you've enjoyed it..."
To let her see me come I was going to have to raise myself up. Standing on the bed would be too high and at the wrong angle, I glanced around and saw a small stool seat my daughter used while she was putting her shoes. I moved into position while hearing her ask her hubby if he'd go and pour her a drink, and to run her a bath so she could have a good soak after being in the sun for so long. He told her it would be ready in ten minutes, so she told him not to come back out as she would lie there for a little longer then pack everything away. He seemed relieved to be getting out of the sun.
He'd barely gone into the house when she turned onto her back and waved for me to stand up. I dropped my shorts and stood on the stool facing the window. Diana bit her lip as she rubbed her clit at the same time as she lay eyes on my cock. Her breasts were beautiful, much firmer than i'd expected, and she had an arm either side of them to push them closer together. I started a steady rhythm while watching her, imagining my cock between them. She glanced towards her house. Was he coming back out? She looked back towards me and undid the string so her bikini bottoms fell off her. She opened her legs more, and planted her feet as she bent her knees, giving me an amazing view. Her hand became a blur and I tried to match her pace. She picked up the sun cream tube and using her juices to lube it up, slid it into herself. She gasped loudly and using one hand to slide it in and out, rubbed her clit furiously with the other.
It took her about another thirty seconds and her orgasm started to rip through her body until she stopped shaking and looked at me. I felt myself start to come, and spurt after spurt flew all over the window. She had picked up her phone again and took a few shots of the window, as well as a few of herself. She blew me a kiss, put on her shorts and bikini top, and went into her house leaving me to clean up both myself and the window...