Gunther exited the men's room at the far end of the second level of the mall and sat on a nearby bench, waiting for his wife Wilma to emerge from the ladies' room. An hour or so earlier, before they left home, both had put on an adult diaper, and they were just then checking them to make sure they were "ready for action." They were prepping to engage in a favorite activity of theirs, one that gave them intense satisfaction and heightened sexual arousal. Their plan was simple: they would stroll around the mall like so many other shoppers there that Friday early-evening, and at some appropriate moment yet to be decided, would pause briefly and with their imaginations spiraling, their excitement soaring, defecate in their diapers. Both hoped the amount of excrement they released would be huge, the more the better, and further desired that it be soft and creamy and spread profusely across their ass cheeks, thereby creating the most exquisite feeling. They would then continue mingling with the crowd, stopping at this store and that, their thoughts and emotions focused totally on the shit that filled their diapers, the deliciousness it afforded them. They would be ever conscious of the smell: was there any? how much? were other shoppers noticing it? Sometimes in the past when they'd done this their smell drew special notice, even drawing comments from people ("Do you smell that?" "Phew, that smells awful; was that you, Frank? Ha-ha!" "Must be having a plumbing issue somewhere"). This always intensified the thrill and pleasure for them, the added risk of detection ever so enticing. Hopefully that would be the case this time as well.
***
Gunther and Wilma were a scat-loving couple, long involved in the practice of this most intimate of fetishes (to them). Early on in their relationship, as their special cravings were being revealed to each other, Wilma let it be known that pooping in her panties was one of her favorite things to do. She just loved the stimulation and daringness of the act, she told Gunther, combined with the sublime feeling of her feces oozing across her bottom in her panties, and that she had done it on occasion throughout college, sometimes with another girl.
There was one time in particular that stood out for her that expanded into something more than just pooping in her panties, a summer week that she and her college friend (and lover at the time) Fay spent at the shore with Fay's family. The beach they went to was private and often hardly occupied. Wilma, wearing a bikini bathing suit always, would go into the ocean at a secluded spot up to her knees with Fay nearby, and do a little dance, sometimes pulling her bottoms down and wiggling her bare ass and pussy at Fay, both girls laughing and getting very horny. Soon, after double-checking her surroundings for prying eyes, Wilma would start pissing a long stream into the water, causing further laughter and a feeling of wild abandon. And then she would pull her bikini bottoms back up again and bend over slightly, and shit in them. She would put her hands on her ass to spread the shit over her skin through the swimsuit fabric before it spilled out the sides into the water. This immediately increased her breathing rate and produced marvelous sensations in her pussy and loins that often resulted in an orgasm. Fay was astonished at first to see Wilma do this, but became more intrigued in time.
Knowing she merely had to plop her ass in the water and do a little maintenance with her hand and she'd be clean (at least presentable), Wilma became very brazen, smearing her shit over more and more of her body before making the plunge. Soon Fay was so tantalized by Wilma's actions she started joining in on all of them. Some deep desire exploded in both of them, and the need to engage in filthy acts involving piss and poop overwhelmed them. Now they would expose their breasts and touch each other as they danced around, and instead of just peeing in the water would pee on each other. Finally they were both shitting their bikini bottoms, spreading their deposits over their skin, sometimes all the way up to their breasts. Near the end of the week, with their inhibitions almost totally gone, they would bend down in front of each other while the other peed in their mouth, and then help each other rub their shit all over one another after they had defecated. The thrill they both felt was barely containable. On their last day together, a cloudy one with hardly any beach-goers present, they threw caution to the wind completely and rigged up some blankets to shield themselves, and after shitting in their bikinis, removed them entirely and spread each other face to pussy in their creamy brown poop, kissing and hugging each other, licking and fingering one another to one climax after another.
***
When Gunther and Wilma started living together, her "panty poop runs," as Gunther began calling them, became an exciting preliminary event to their lovemaking. She would call him at work and tell him something like, "You know, honey, I see Macy's is having a big sale which I thought I'd check out later; want to come with me when you get home?" He knew this could only mean she was planning to do something mischievous and exciting. When he got home she would be wearing a tight pair of jeans with pantyhose and they would head off on their "run." They would look all around the store, maybe even purchase a few things on sale, and just as they were leaving, she would have an "accident" in her panties. Depending on how bold she felt at the moment, she might choose a spot near a crowded aisle or next to a busy counter to do the deed, totally engrossed in the thrill of feeling her panties fill with shit. Her heart would race as her mind fluctuated between the exquisite feeling and the danger she created for herself. A few times in the past she had felt very daring and instead of leaving would turn around and head back into the store. This often was determined by the consistency of her feces: if it was firm, she felt confident it wouldn't begin running down her legs onto the floor so would take the risk of enjoying her little game longer.
One of the best times doing this was when they were in a Target and she tried to poop her panties but only a little bit emerged. Determined not to be denied her pleasure, she purchased a small bottle of grapefruit juice and a bag of chewable laxatives and asked Gunther to take her to the movies nearby, she didn't care what was playing. The juice and the laxatives worked like a charm and a half-hour after sitting down in the theater, using a plastic bag Gunther had brought in from the car to protect the seat, she released a tremendous load of shit in her panties that astonished even her. It was loose but not runny and felt marvelous against her ass. For several minutes she sat rocking back and forth, squishing the poop into her skin, her eyes closed in ecstasy. She could feel it spread all across her ass and leak out onto the back of her thighs. She wished she could put her hands in it and smear it over her ass and onto her pussy. When the smell became unmistakable and began overspreading the theater, they made their getaway. Fortunately, she had a long jacket with her that covered her bottom, because the stain on the rear of her slacks was plain to see. Even like this she insisted on taking one quick stroll to the other end of the rather large theater lobby and back before leaving, thrilled by the conspicuous odor she left in her wake that was beginning to attract attention. Escapades such as these were enthralling and risky and led to magnificent (and very messy) love-making sessions when they got home.
As time went on and their love for scatting increased, Gunther wanted to join her in the fun with both of them pooping in public. The first couple of times they did it together, Gunther wore briefs, but it was difficult restraining his loads in them and leakage was a problem that almost got them "caught out" at a carnival. It wasn't that leakage was to be avoided at all costs, feeling the shit spread far and wide was a major part of the pleasure, but Wilma had the advantage of pantyhose and very tight-fitting jeans to keep things in check, and Gunther didn't. Once he tried wearing pantyhose over his briefs, but didn't like the feel of them. So he decided to use adult diapers, which did the trick. Sometimes Wilma switched and used a diaper as well to keep him company, but much preferred wearing her panties. The one advantage of using diapers was the added security they afforded, allowing them to choose much more crowded public places to frequent and spend longer periods there being dirty. There was still the danger of detection, but the thrill of feeling their shit spread across their asses as they walked around a crowded public space or sat in the vicinity of several other people for as long as possible was just too enticing and delightful.
***
As he sat on the bench waiting for his wife to join him, Gunther looked down at the camo pants he had on over the diaper and the U.S. Marines T-shirt he was also wearing. Psychologically, he enjoyed portraying himself as this macho-man in the camo pants and military T-shirt that everyone could see while only he (and Wilma, of course) knew what was underneath, and how he would be filling it with his shit soon like a tiny helpless infant. He liked the contrast and catered to it somewhat in his mind, but also realized there was something false about it: for deep down he knew there was nothing infantile about any of this. In fact, shitting in his diaper only infused him with a feeling of tremendous power, albeit purely sexual. Wilma had said the same thing, basically, acknowledging the feeling of power that overcame her during these pooping adventures, which she enhanced by wearing her sexiest panties, blouses, and jeans or slacks. The excitement, the rush these escapades produced was all in the "dare game" they played with the public: can you guess our dirty little secret as it pleasures us beyond belief? The goal was to keep pushing the boundary without crossing it and getting caught. So far, so good.
After a few minutes of waiting Wilma joined him on the bench. Both were in their mid-forties, though Wilma, who had brown eyes and medium-blonde hair, looked younger, thanks to a beautiful hourglass figure. She wore a rose-colored open-neck blouse and dark-blue hip-hugging jeans.
"Everything good?" he asked her, taking her hand.
"Yeah, fine," she answered, "all diapered up, though you know I'd much rather do this in my panties, the silkier the better."
"I know, love. I don't know why you didn't wear them. Just because I have a diaper on doesn't mean you have to."
She looked at him and squeezed his hand. "True," she said. "But I figured there'd be a pretty big crowd here tonight and we could stay longer if we both had diapers on. Sometimes I just like to join you and wear the same thing."
He brought her hand up to his mouth and gave it a quick kiss.
"Let's go," she urged. "We'll start walking and see what we can find." And then closer to his ear she whispered, "My pussy is getting wet already."
***
It had been a month or so since they had last done a diaper dump in a public place, and that was at an outdoor flea market. They arrived wearing their diapers, and spent a good hour just leisurely looking over the hundreds of items for sale, literally from soup to nuts. Gunther suddenly felt the delectable need to defecate, how it would be futile to try and hold it in any longer, and crouched down to examine a stack of old magazines spread out on a piece of tarpaulin. He smiled up at Wilma, and let loose a magnificent deposit in his diaper. His smile grew bigger, and Wilma could tell it was a huge amount. When he stood up, he put his hands in each side pocket of his camo pants and pulled them into his body, feeling his shit squish across his ass. He waited a moment just to make sure nothing would leak out, and then he put his arm around Wilma and they both started walking again.
About twenty minutes later, Wilma stopped in front of a vendor selling snacks and bought a cup of coffee for both of them. Gunther grinned, knowing that this meant it was close to being her turn, and the coffee would make her poop creamier and bigger in volume. When she finished drinking the coffee, she stood off a bit to the side, and while standing straight up, pushed her shit out into the diaper. She could tell it was a long thick turd that seemed to flow out of her endlessly; finally it was all out and she could feel it snake across her ass. She put her hands into her back pockets and pressed them against her ass, feeling her shit slide all across her skin.
"That's the kind of shit I love to plop right on your belly," she whispered to Gunther, "it's huge and heavy and soft. It feels fantastic."
As they walked, he put his arm around her shoulders and said into her ear, "I'm so fucking horny right now, knowing we both have a diaper full of shit. Let's go home, I want to play in it with you." They had to walk a good distance across much of the flea market to reach the car, during which their focus was almost exclusively on the feeling of the shit in their diapers as it smooshed across their asses. When they got home, they went directly to their custom bathroom, with its overly large shower stall they could stretch out in, took off their clothes, and took turns smearing their shit on each other. They spent a marvelous and messy two hours covering each other, even adding to it. Both were hoping the episode that was now unfolding at the mall would be just as exciting and fulfilling.
***
They walked around the mall, showing only a mild interest in any of the shops, being much more focused on finding a location where they could perform their pleasure-producing action. They usually sought out a spot not too isolated, but fairly close to an exit and with some, but not a massive amount, of people around. There was one area fitting that description that they had used before, and it looked to Wilma as if they were headed for it now, but long before reaching it, Gunther grabbed her arm and they stopped. It was close to being smack in the middle of the mall and lots of people were streaming by.
Gunther held her arm and pulled her off to the side, close to a shop that wasn't all plate glass across the front, but had a bit of brick façade to it. It was out of the main flow of shoppers, but not by much.
"I feel very daring," he said to Wilma. "Really excited about doing this again. Let's do it here, right in the mix of things, and not off in a corner someplace. What do you say? Sound sexy to you or just crazy?"
She looked around and thought a bit. No doubt they were in a crowded section of the mall, which would, of course, heighten the risk of detection. But the thrill it afforded would also grow proportionately. She was confident the diapers wouldn't leak and would keep the smell mostly at bay, but not totally.
"Sexy," she finally answered. "Very sexy. How close are you to pooping?"
"Any minute close. What about you."
"Yeah, me too. Fuck, let's do it, love."
***
While looking around again wondering if perhaps there were too many people close by and their smell might give them away quickly, Wilma was reminded of the time when Gunther had been away on a business trip and the desire for her to do something dirty and risky and very sexy had become overwhelming for her. While wearing panties, panty hose, and a very tight pair of denim jeans, all topped with a light-weight winter coat, she had stood in this same mall, not too far from where she was now, though on a lower level, and when the thrill of what she planned on doing became overwhelming, filled her panties with a magnificent pile of shit. The feeling had been exquisite, all that poop squishing across her ass as it slowly flowed from her sphincter and then as she walked through the main promenade, so soft and creamy and filthy. Her breathing had increased, and it had taken all her will power not to reach down and stroke her pussy, caring not where she was. The panties, hose, and jeans had been enough to prevent seeping, but not to do much about the smell, which became very noticeable. She had begun to attract attention almost immediately as people walked past her, which again to her amazement, hadn't made her feel embarrassed or self-conscious, but rather an allurement, a temptress even, like a pole dancer at a strip club. By the time she had gotten home, that image had her brain on fire, and she performed a slow striptease in the shower stall, culminating with her spreading the shit from her panties all over her body, her belly and breasts and up onto her face, even on her tongue. She had brought herself to a powerful orgasm using her filthy fingers on her clit, moaning and sighing. Her only regret had been that she had forgotten to set up the camera before she had started; she would have loved to have filmed it so Gunther could see her.
***
She and Gunther now stood nonchalantly with their backs against the brick wall. The time had come, and the thrill of what was about to happen began to overwhelm them. Wilma suddenly felt the urge to defecate and arranged herself to do so with the least amount of effort; she loved shitting while standing erect, often did it that way over the toilet bowl at home or in a public restroom, laying sheets of toilet tissue on top of the water in the bowl to prevent splashing. She felt her sphincter open and her shit flow out of her into the diaper, balling up against her ass cheeks as it filled the diaper. She pictured in her mind what it looked like in there, all that shit (it was a large load), soft and buttery, but not liquefied, piling up against her ass. When she finished going, a small stream of pee followed, making the shit even softer and creamier.
Then she bent down slightly, as if to brush something off the front of her jeans, and pushed her ass into the brick wall hard, causing the poop to spread out across her ass and almost to the top of the diaper. She inhaled sharply, the feeling of the shit squishing against her ass taking her breath away. She stopped pushing when she felt the shit spread above the top of her ass crack, fearing she had pushed too hard and it would start to seep out the top. But all was well. She stood up straight again and for a few seconds put her hands, both of them, behind her between her ass and the wall and pushed back hard into them, further spreading the shit onto her skin. Then she crossed her hands in front of her and looked at Gunther and smiled.
"Oh, God," she moaned softly. "That feels so amazing, so soft and dirty. I think I'm going to scream."
"Not a good idea, love," Gunther laughed and put his arm around her shoulders. "Not right here, anyway."
Gunther usually found it more difficult to shit while standing up, so thought he would bend down as if to retie the workboots he was wearing, putting him in a more conducive position for pooping. Wilma suspected he was having trouble defecating from the inordinate amount of time he spent fiddling with the laces. Finally he stood up.
She smiled. "Troubles, sweetie? I wish I could stick my finger up your ass, that would get you pooping."
"A pleasant thought, but I feel ready now, all of a sudden." He bent over slightly as if peering around people down the wing of the mall, and with a slight push, felt his shit begin to slide down his rectum and out into his diaper. It wasn't one long log or a creamy mass, but several smaller turds that piled up one on top of another. He closed his eyes for a moment, savoring the feel of his poop against his skin, and Wilma could see he had succeeded in shitting.
"Feel good?" she asked him, grinning.
"Oh, yeah. Real good. Let's walk around some more and enjoy this."
They held hands and headed back into the flow of shoppers, focused on the sensation ever present in their diapers and on their asses. They would stop every now and then, usually in front of a shop window, and put their arms around each other, sometimes even kissing briefly. They sat on a bench for a while, surreptitiously rubbing their bottoms onto the wooden seat, further mashing the shit into their skin. After a half-hour had elapsed, they both decided it was time to go home for the next stage of their fetish escapade.
They drove home as fast as they could, Wilma desperately fighting the urge to put her hand into her diaper and feel the buttery softness. Just before they went into the house, in the garage, they both peed into their diapers, further softening their deposits. They went immediately to the bathroom shower, took off their clothes, but left their diapers on. They held each other, their hands pressing in on the seat of the other's diaper, trying to move the shit around inside. Wilma's diaper seemed a bit looser on her than Gunther's, and he peeked inside as best he could.
"It looks lovely in there," he told her. "Come lie down and let me take it off you."
Gunther knelt next to his wife, who laid down on her back. He opened the tabs on the sides of her diaper and then rolled her on her side so he could remove it from under her. With the tabs undone the fecal smell quickly permeated the shower room; it was strong and pungent, perfect for their tastes. He arranged her so she could comfortably stay in that position on her hip, her very dirty ass pointing up in the air. He immediately put his hand onto her ass and began spreading her dark-brown shit all over it and up her back.
"Hmmm, that feels good," she said. "So creamy. How can something so dirty feel so wonderful? It never ceases to amaze me."
"I love the way it feels, too," Gunther responded, "but most of all I love the way it looks on you and how muchyouare turned on by it." He turned her a bit more on to her back, exposing her breasts and torso, and rubbed her there with his hands, covering her with a thick layer of shit. She arched her head back and moaned softly. When his hands were empty, he picked up her soiled diaper and rubbed it on parts of her body not yet covered: her pussy and thighs and arms. Lastly, he took the diaper and gently smeared it across her face from ear to ear; when she stuck her tongue out, he made sure to coat it with the diaper. He kissed her on the lips several times and sucked her tits.
"Let me do you now," she said, sitting up. "Come, lie down."
Gunther turned over on his back and waited for his wife to get ready. She couldn't make up her mind whether to straddle his legs or his chest, and thought, since he had already smeared her ass with her poop, she would choose his chest so he could ply his hands in her mess there, even lick her if he wanted. She got into position and reached down to undo his diaper. He raised his legs into the air and held them back as far as he could. She removed the diaper from under him and put it to the side. His ass and balls were plastered in smooshed shit. Wilma put her hand under his balls, her fingers digging into his ass crack and rectum, and then scooped up a handful of poop and spread it over his cock and onto his belly. She stroked his cock several times with her hand, completely coating it in near-black shit.
She moved back a bit so her filthy ass was perched over Gunther's face, her own mouth aligning with his cock. She suddenly felt his face and then his tongue moving between her ass cheeks, and that's when she took his cock and put it in her mouth, her lips and tongue instantly turning black and creamy. She sucked him hard, dribbling out most of the shit that accumulated in her mouth onto his balls. They 69ed like this for quite a while before Wilma turned around and laid on top of him, squeezing his sides with her knees, and then inserting his cock into her pussy.
"Does that feel good, love?" she cooed. "Do you like fucking my cunt with your shitty cock? Mmm, it feels so good!"
He grunted in agreement and sucked one of her breasts. He and his wife were pretty much covered in shit by now, their bodies slipping and sliding over each other in the muck. Gunther rolled his wife onto her back and better positioned himself between her legs. He lifted her legs and pushed them back above her head. He picked up a piece of shit from next to her and placed it on her belly.
"I'm going to pull out of you for a minute, love; take that piece of shit and smear my cock with it, nice and creamy, so I can stick it up your ass. I want to fuck your ass, and that should make me slide in easy." He extracted himself from her and knelt up straight, and she mashed the piece of turd in her hand softening it so as to spread it on his cock without difficulty. When she was done, he grabbed her legs again and opened them wide as she pushed her body upward with her feet on his shoulders. His cock was soon pointing directly at her asshole, and he slid into it smoothly. Her ass was very accommodating, and his cock ventured deep inside of her. Wilma felt her climax building quickly, and she used her fingers to massage her clit and all around her pussy opening. Gunther suddenly exploded and as she felt his cum gush into her ass, she likewise was hurled over the brink and came. After several seconds he pulled out of her and his cum flowed from her asshole like lava from a volcano. They held each other and kissed, and then Gunther rolled off her onto his side.
They relaxed for a bit touching each other, kissing, and making small talk.
"I think there's still a lot of shit left in your diaper I never got to," said Wilma.
"That's good to hear," chuckled Gunther. "I'm sure you will put it to good use."
They suddenly heard footsteps approaching and there was a knock on the bathroom door. Wilma said, "Yes? Is that you Frieda? Martin?"
"It's me, Mama. Can I come in?"
"Of course, Frieda."
Frieda, who was home from college for the summer, opened the door and walked in. She glanced at her parents lying on the floor of the shower stall and giggled. "You two look like you're enjoying yourselves," she said. "I hope I'm not interrupting." No one showed the least bit of surprise or embarrassment.
"Perfect timing, actually, unlike, say, ten minutes ago," replied Gunther. "And weareenjoying ourselves, no doubt about it. We just got back from the mall." Frieda could see the dirty diapers in the corner of the shower stall.
"A diaper dump, I see," she said. "This is becoming one of your favorite activities."
"Preliminary activities," her father corrected her.
"Why don't you join us, Frieda?" Wilma said. "It's been too long since we've done this together." She casually picked up a piece of shit next to her and displayed it in her hand, adding, "There's plenty here for sharing, as you can see."
"Hmmm, I certainly can see that," Frieda responded, smiling. Then somewhat distractedly she asked, "Is Martin home?"
"I haven't seen your brother since last night," her mother answered. Trying to be as persuasive as she could, she continued, "Come on in, sweetie. Let's get all filthy together."
Frieda thought about it for a few seconds longer and then said, "It's very tempting, but I think I'll pass. I'm really kind of tired. Thanks, though." She turned around and exited the bathroom, closing the door behind her.
Wilma looked terribly disappointed, and Gunther put his arm around her shoulders and said, "It's okay, love. She'll be home all summer; we'll have lots of opportunities to be together."
Wilma sighed and nodded and then reached over and grabbed the diaper Gunther had been wearing and showed it to him. "See, I was right. Look at all this shit in here."
"Very nice. Any ideas what to do with it?"
"In fact, I do have an idea, love. How about if I smear the rest of this all over us and then we put some of our clothes back on, but not the diapers, and go for a walk outside?"
"You mean put our clothes back on our filthy bodies?"
"Sure. Why not?"
"Yeah, wow, that would be fantastic! You don't mind getting your blouse all dirty?"
"The filthier, the better."
"Okay, then," responded Gunther. "Think we'll see anybody? That would be even more fantastic! I know it's late, but let's head downtown, maybe walk along Main Street. Oh, yeah, babe, let's do that!"
"Let's not gettoocarried away!" Wilma laughed, but then said, "Oh fuck it, why not!" She joined in his enthusiasm, said maybe she'd leave her blouse unbuttoned, her shit-covered tits exposed, which caused Gunther to howl with delight. Both were getting hornier by the second, when suddenly they saw a flash of lightning outside the skylight, followed by a loud clap of thunder, and then heard the deluge of rain pelting the window.
"Oh, no!" Wilma groaned. "Not fair! Now what? I was really looking forward to that."
"Yeah, me too, love," Gunther added. "We'll just have to add it to the to-do list."
"Top of the list, Gunther, okay?"
"Of course. Next time you can wear your panties to the mall, maybe even no panties at all, just your jeans. How does that sound?"
"Super messy and very risky, but I love it! What a thrill that will be!"
Gunther thought for a few more seconds and then continued, "Maybe next time Martin and Frieda will join us. I think Frieda, at least, might really like the excitement of what we do, and all four of us can take that walk. That would be fun, wouldn't it, love!"
Wilma was too lost in thought imagining that pleasant scenario to answer.
To be continued.