My wife is a petite blonde haired blue eyed beauty at 5'2' and a 110 pounds and all natural. A few years ago while out of town and not knowing the sauna she was in was co-ed she accidentally got caught totally nude by two guys that walked in on her. When she returned home and told me about it she confessed that it turned her on, working together since then she has become an extreme exhibitionist and we both love it. She literally does not even own a pair of panties and wears mini skirts that barely covers her ass making it virtually impossible to not expose her blonde muff while getting in and out of the car or sitting anywhere in public.
We both have talked about her taking it to another level by her being more bold while flashing letting people know she is doing it on purpose so we decided a tattoo strategically placed would help break the ice to accomplish this. We came up with a "bunny in the bush" idea as a destination point tattoo to show her bush figuring that in general conversation about tattoo's she would confess she had one and when somebody challenged her on it she would have to either pull up her skirt or pull down her pants to prove it.
We talked about it for a year then on a Saturday morning we woke up and she said today is the day, we were both excited and nervous as she threw on her sundress totally nude under it as is her normal.
As usual she did her research online to find the best reviews for the tattoo parlors within driving distance and she narrowed it down to two. For our first experience the first one we went to we were pleasantly surprised how professional it was with a clean waiting area and private rooms where the work was done but we were told they were totally booked for the day. I asked her if she wanted to make an appointment for the following Saturday but she was bound and determined so we drove across town to the next one that also had good reviews.
We walked into the second one and it could not be more opposite. As you entered the front door there was a long counter on the right where they did the design work and took payment. Looking further to the right was seating area and a big screen TV with a porno playing. In total there were about 12 people in the room at that time.
On the left side there was about a four foot retaining wall you could stand at and look over to watch the ink work being performed. Standing there as we looked over on the left were two tattoo artist and their tables, one guy and one girl. Off to the right was another girl and her table that was used for piercings, there was a shower curtain around it that I guess was used for privacy upon request but it was pulled back and not being used.
My wife and I stood there a little shocked, on the table on the left was a girl sitting topless getting a tattoo on her back by the guy artist as her husband proudly looked on. The other table had a guy sitting there getting an old girlfriends name covered over. The piercing table had a girl just finishing up getting her clit pierced, when she got up she walked around showing it off and another girl stepped up and took her top and bra off to get her nipples pierced as we all watched, it was wild. It was like we went to an orgy but there was no sex.
The girl artist asked if she could help, we asked if she had time to do another tattoo and she said sure as soon as she finished up the guy getting his old tattoo covered. She asked what we had in mind and my wife told her a little playboy bunny, she said no problem where do you want it? My wife hesitated knowing all the people would hear where she wanted it, the artist said look my policy is if you are afraid to say it I'm not going to do it so my wife stepped up and said on my pussy. It felt like time stopped with everyone looking at us but it was full on from there.
The artist finished up her customer and then asked us how big we wanted the playboy bunny to be, we told her a red one about an inch tall so she printed the stencil then we walked back across the room to her work station. With my wife's back to the room she said OK lets see where you want it, my wife pulled up her sundress and pointed about two inches to the left of her slit, we told her we wanted it to be half in and half out her bush.
The artist said she couldn't do it thru her pubes so she would have to shave that area, she got a razor and a little soap and said OK hold up your dress. With her back still to the room my wife held up her dress, standing behind her I could see a few inches of her ass cheeks so I knew everyone else could also. The artist said you're to wobbly turn around so you can lean up against the counter, personally I think she did it for the everyone's delight as my wife was standing there holding her dress up to her belly button with her entire blonde bush on display. The artist proceeded to shave the affected area and applied the stencil then instructed her to lie down, all this was pretty wild as there was absolutely nowhere to hide.
There was my wife laying on the table with her feet towards the retaining wall with everyone watching, the artist gave me a paper towel to try to cover her up for a little modesty which I did for the first few minutes but with people walking by looking straight at the different stages of the ink going in it was pretty much useless so I just took the paper towel away and enjoyed the show with everyone else. I took pictures of the different stages as she went along coloring the outline first then filling in the first ear, then the second ear then the rest of the stencil.
The guys topless wife behind us got a little mad when he came over for a closer look at my wife's pussy, I wanted to say hey buddy do you mind but it was useless, but I did get to see his wife's tits so I guess we were even.
All in all it was an extremely erotic experience and has worked beyond what we expected to further her exhibitionist tendencies. In probably a dozen times since then when the subject of tattoos comes up in conversation my wife has showed off her bunny. Depending on her mood sometimes she will show just the corner of her bush with the bunny or sometimes she will pull down her pants to her thighs and show her entire bush with the bunny, she knows I like that move the best. One time as we were leaving a Wendys she walked by two guys sitting there with tattoos on their arms and said I have a tattoo too and pulled the front of her sweat pants down to the top of her little slit and showed them, the one guy dropped his fork and couldn't hardly talk.
The sex is always great when we talk about the people that have seen her bunny and she is already thinking of what to tattoo to do on her ass now to show that off also and I couldn't be happier.