Jenny was the first out of bed the next morning. She took a long hot luxuriant shower where she shaved her legs and trimmed her pussy. When done she put on a short robe and noticed Roger, her husband, stirring. She kissed him on the forehead and let him know there'd be coffee in the kitchen. He mumbled his thanks.
On her way downstairs she stuck her head in her son's room to wake and remind him of their shopping trip. She was pleasantly surprised to find him up and in the shower; he was as eager to go as she. What was the last time that had happened?
When her husband appeared she handed him a cup of coffee, black. Still suffering from the ill-effects of last night's poker game and it's concomitant scotch and cigars, he mumbled his thanks. Jenny smiled: although he no longer did much for her in the sack, she did love him.
"Too much last night?" she asked.
"Yeah." There was no doubt in his voice.
"Well, how does having the house to yourself most of the day sound? Jimmy and I were talking about going to the mall in Baton Rouge to shop."
There was some, albeit dim, radiance in his eyes. "Not that I don't love you honey, but that sounds great."
She kissed his grizzled cheek. "I'm going upstairs to change. When Jimmy gets down let him know we'll be leaving in," she glanced at the clock on the stove, "thirty minutes."
He grunted his assent.
She initially tried on tight jeans and a tank top, both of which emphasized her toned body. However, she thought about all those boys, including her son, admiring her legs the day before. They were still good enough to attract attention. Why not show them off? She put on a silk green dress which ended just above her knees, three inch open toe sandals, and small silver earrings. Then, thinking about how much she had enjoyed the peep show she had put on the day before, she sat on the bed and removed her panties. She stood before the mirror and stsarted to imagine how the silk would feel on her breasts. She removed her bra. She studied herself in the mirror with a critical eye; no one would be able to tell.
She got back downstairs to find her husband staring at the iPad, checking sports scores. He looked up briefly, not really noticing her, and said "Jimmy's in the garage." When she opened the door she saw Jimmy folding up the SUV's rear seats.
"How much do you expect to buy?" she quipped.
Jimmy's smile showed he'd heard the joke. "Just making sure I'm ready," he answered.
Jimmy met her at the bottom of the stairs and gave her an obvious up and down look. "I do have me a fine looking sister," reminding her of the guise he had suggested for their shopping trip. Jenny tried frowning, but a smile peeked out anyway, letting him know she enjoyed the compliment. Jimmy escorted her to the passenger door, holding it open for her.
As they headed down the highway Jenny wondered, despite Scott's assurances yesterday and Jimmy's obvious appreciation this morning, if her son was still checking her out. She crossed her legs, letting the dress ride to the top of her thighs. He tried to be subtle, but even with his sunglasses on she could detect Jimmy's covert glances. Turned on by the attention, Jenny continued the show all the way to the mall.
It was Sunday morning; the crowd at the mall was minimal. Nonetheless, Jimmy drove the car up three empty floors of the parking deck and pulled into a spot on the deserted roof. Even then, he parked a good distance from the elevator. When Jenny pointed this out, Jimmy said he needed the exercise. The statement, in light of his lean muscular body, was patently untrue, but Jenny saw no reason to argue. Whatever he was up to was probably harmless. Before they got out of the car Jenny fished some large indoor sunglasses from her purse. Although they were unlikely to run into anyone they knew, if she was going to play her son's older sister - something she had still not agreed to do - she wanted to obscure, as best she could, her identity and the difference in their ages.
Shopping, it turned out, was a ball. She loved dressing Jimmy up in different clothes and was pleased when Jimmy actually listened to her advice. After they had finished shopping for him, he overrode her half-hearted protests and insisted she try on a few sexy outfits. After visiting several shops he led her to Ann Taylor to try on some heels, insisting she accent her fine legs and backside.
At Ann Taylor they were met by an attractive young man. College kid, Jenny thought. He, on the other hand, thought that while Jimmy was a bit young for the lady, she was quite a looker. He'd hang around with her too. He also noticed their interlocked hands and her wedding ring.
"My name is Al Johnson. How can I help you?"
"We were looking for some dressy heels, dark blue, maybe black, in color," Jimmy said, suppressing a giggle as he played grown-up.
"This way, sir."
Jenny sat down and tried on several pairs of shoes, holding her leg straight out to evaluate them. When she did her dress rode up her thigh. Jimmy noticed his Mom's killer gams. He also noticed the salesperson noticing, which made sense, he thought. If you're a leg man, what better job than selling women's shoes. Jenny noticed both of them noticing.
Jenny rejected several pairs of shoes before selecting a classy set of navy blue pumps. As she walked across the store she put an extra strut in her stride. Jimmy openly stared at his Mom's sexy ass. The salesman was more subtle, but no less impressed. It was a splendid ass. Noting Jimmy's open appreciation he also saw an opportunity for a sale.
"Your wife looks quite nice in those sir. Would you like to try something a bit more daring?"
Jimmy may not have been a genius, but he wasn't stupid. "Yeah, let's do that."
Al returned with a pair of open-toe four inch heels with a one inch platform and a little ankle accent. As he knelt before her to change her shoes he said, "Your husband thought you might like to try these on."
Jenny glanced at Jimmy, an eyebrow raised. Jimmy was prepared. He ran his hand up Jenny's thigh, pushing the hem of her dress up a couple of inches. "I like showing off my sexy wife."
Jenny placed her hand on her son's, holding it in place, but not removing it.
"Now dear, behave, we're in public." She took hold of her son's hand and moved it to his thigh, squeezing and gently running her thumb over it. Jenny found she enjoyed flirting in public, something her staid husband never did. She decided to continue the game.
"You'll have to excuse my husband, you know how it is, newlyweds."
Straightening her leg and foot, she leaned back and scooted her ass forward on the chair. This allowed the salesman to more easily replace her shoe. It also moved the hem of her dress several more inches up her leg. She let her legs drift apart. Al, manfully, did his best not to look, but still his eyes occasionally flickered over to view the show.
Jimmy, who was acutely sensitive to any action that would confirm Dr. Stone's assertion that his mother was an exhibitionist, saw what was going on. He placed his hand on Jenny's knee, ostensibly to balance himself while looking at the shoes, but placing subtle outward pressure on her leg. Jenny's legs spread even further. It had, she thought, been ages since she had flashed someone.
Jimmy kissed his mother on the cheek and said, "Honey, I'm going to stand across the store. I want to see how you look in those things as you walk towards me." As he stood he dragged his hand up her leg, brushing the hem of her dress up another inch. Al's gaze followed Jimmy's hand. Then he saw it, there were no panties. He gulped; he was staring directly into Jenny's neatly-trimmed crotch.
Jimmy, who was walking across the room, watched the scene in one of the shop's innumerable full length mirrors. His view was not as good as Al's, but it sure looked like his Mom was not wearing any panties .
Al regained his composure and glanced up only to see the red-head's erect nipples outlined in her dress. He quickly returned his attention to her feet and finished putting on the shoes. Jenny stood, straightened her dress, and walked towards her smiling son. Jimmy's surmise about the state of her libido was confirmed by the distended nipples outlined in her dress. When she reached him she took his waiting hands in hers. Jimmy leaned into her and kissed her on the mouth, pressing his chest against her breasts. Jenny knew they were going too far, but her son - she thought inadvertently - had just helped her flash a stranger. She had forgotten what a turn on that was and she was at the mercy of her burning cunt. Thus, she put an extra wiggle in her walk when she walked back to Al, catching her son's appreciative eyes on her ass in another of the mirrors dotting the walls.
When she reached Al, who was sitting on a chair with the shoe boxes on his lap to obscure his erection, she said, "We'll take these."
While waiting in line to buy the shoes Jenny slipped Jimmy the credit card bearing his father's name; there was no reason to end the charade. Jimmy, standing next to his mother, pulled her tight and ran his hand down her back and across her ass, bringing a short ineffectual, "Not in here," from her. His hand confirmed his suspicions. She was wearing neither bra nor panties.
After they left the store Jimmy pulled her tight and kissed her on the lips. Jenny, who had started to have second thoughts about her display in the store, said, "Not so fast, buster," but did not pull her hand from his. Two things were becoming clear to Jimmy. Dr. Stone was certainly right, his mother was an exhibitionist. Second, while Jenny might object to what he did, she'd let him have his way. Jimmy, his hand locked in hers, turned left, "There is one more store I want to visit."
* * * *
At age 21 Emily Rutkowski was the youngest manager of the mall's Nasty Girl outlet, which was why she was opening on Sunday morning. Business was slow, but Emily had no objection; last night had been busy and she looked forward to the opportunity to relax. Nonetheless, her interest was piqued by the couple holding hands heading towards the shop. She had gone to work at the shop at age 16 and served more than her share of sluts, proto-sluts, faux sluts, and giggling teen-age slut-wanna-be's. Customers who did not fit this mold were always more interesting. This couple looked very interesting.
While these paragraphs will take several minutes to read, Emily engaged in the analysis described in them in a few seconds. First she noted that they were two good looking people. The woman, especially, was striking. Her thick red hair practically glowed in the mall's banal color scheme and her dress highlighted a pair of killer legs. Her firm body showed she took care of herself.
There was a clear difference in their ages. He was 20 or so; she was more difficult to place. It was always hard for a woman this pretty; she could be anywhere in her thirties, possibly even forty. That was too big an age difference for them to be just friends. She could be a cougar with her young boyfriend, but Emily rejected that possibility. He was clearly in control, leading her to the store. A cougar with such a young lover would be the boss. These two people also had long known each other; there was an effortless physical intimacy between them; they were perfectly comfortable standing in each other's space and moved harmoniously.
As they got closer they started talking - too low to be overheard. Their pace slowed. The man openly checked out the lady. Her face was flush, her breathing slightly labored, her eyes a tad glazed. This woman was aroused. If they were lovers, she thought, they'd already be heading out the door to find a place to screw.
A good looking couple, significantly different in age, comfortable with each other, and very turned-on but not yet having sex. Emily studied their features; the resemblance was striking. They were relatives, most likely struggling with the taboo. They could be sister and brother or aunt and nephew, but were far more likely mother and son. The son was working on his mother, trying to seduce her and, to Emily's eyes, making a lot of progress. Dressing her up in something sexy from Nasty Girl was likely part of the plan. Emily was perfectly happy to help.
If asked Emily would have admitted there was a lot of guesswork in her analysis, but she had confidence in her intuition; she had long ago developed a sixth-sense for such things. After all, it had been three-plus years since Emily, on the night of her eighteenth birthday, crawled into her father's bed and made him her lover.
As the couple reached the store Emily stuck out her hand. "My name is Emily. How may I help you?"
* * * *
Jenny, in her present pitch of high-arousal, would have been amenable to almost any suggestion her son made, but when she noticed they were heading to Nasty Girl, she slowed down. Did he want her dressing like a teen-aged slut? She'd look ridiculous. "Honey, what are you doing?"
Jimmy, feeling emboldened after her display at Ann Taylor, gave her a patient blatant up-and-down look, and said, "Dressing up my sexy Mom."
"Honey," she replied in a tone of voice meant not to be overheard, "that's a place for..." This is when she noticed Emily and her outstretched hand. Emily grasped Jenny's hand and introduced herself. Before Jenny could reply, Jimmy piped in, "We're looking to show off this sexy lady."
Jenny interjected nervously, "I'm sorry, I was trying to tell my...," she stopped, not sure how to describe Jimmy, and then redirected the sentence, "that these clothes are meant for teenagers."
Emily took her time to examine Jenny, her gaze positive and approving. "Well, I'm no teenager and I'm wearing them. And you certainly have a body worth showing off." Her voice, re-assuring and understanding, Emily continued, "Why don't we try a few things on and see how you look. You don't need to buy. As you can see, we're not busy. You can leave your bags behind the counter."
Leaving no time for Jenny to object, Jimmy headed for the counter with their bags. Jenny took off her sunglasses and turned back to the girl, paying close attention to her for the first time. She was some sexy: thin, maybe 5 feet, 7 inches tall, with a dark complexion, thick sexy lips, brown eyes, brown hair that reached below her shoulder blades, and, considering her slender build, a preternaturally large set of round full breasts that sat high on her chest. Emily was right, Jenny thought, this girl would have no trouble wearing this or any shop's wares. Noting how Jenny was checking her out, Emily smiled, her look warm and friendly, but exuding a pouty sex appeal. Jenny noticed and looked Emily up and down again, thinking it might be impossible for her not to exude a pouty sex appeal.
Jenny's objections wavered. There was no one else in the shop, the mall was not crowded, and she liked this girl. What was the harm in showing herself off in some sexy young girl clothes?
Jenny nodded her agreement and followed Emily into the store. She first tried on a long slip dress with an exposed back, but on Emily and Jimmy's urging agreed to move on to something a bit more risque. In the dressing room she slipped into what the store called a Truth or Dare dress. When she emerged Emily, her touch gentle and knowing, helped fit it to Jenny's body. Jenny admired herself in the mirror. The dress clung to her body, ended high on her thigh, and exposed her back. "I can still wear one of these things," Jenny thought to herself. She re-entered the store to show Jimmy, whose wide grin told her that he thought so too.
Jimmy, however, had a suggestion. Pointing to a store display, he said, "I want to see you in that." His voice had the air of command and although Jenny knew she should say no, dressing up like a sweet young tramp at her son's insistence was intoxicating. She turned to Emily, who stared back, her dark brown eyes alight with a sexy intensity. "I think he's right, I'd like to see you in it too."
This time Emily followed Jenny into the dressing room. Jenny was struck by how comfortable Emily was around her. Emily was interested in Jenny's firm physique, asking several questions about her work-out routine. After Emily helped Jenny peel off the tiny dress she had been wearing, Emily took in, without embarrassment, Jenny's near naked form, saying simply. "No underwear?"
Not sure how to respond, Jenny nodded in the affirmative and added, in a slightly uncertain voice, "Yes."
Emily slowly raised the hem of her short dress, exposing a completely shaven, hairless, pussy. Jenny emitted a short stab of breath and unconsciously ran her tongue over her lips.
"I know what you mean," Emily said, "there is something so sexy about going without."
Emily helped Jenny put on a tiny pair of cut off shorts and a grey loose-fitting tank top that exposed a generous amount of cleavage and featured an open back that would let the world know she was braless. Emily finished by fetching some ankle leather boots and then, her hands confident, helped straighten the outfit. Jenny liked the young girl's touch and her complete lack of embarrassment. She also liked the way Emily looked at her. There was more in Emily's eyes than a younger woman impressed by an older lady who had stayed in shape. Was there a touch of desire there? She found she enjoyed, as she had the day before from the boys on litter patrol, the stare of this beautiful young woman. I still have it, she thought.
When Jenny emerged from the dressing room it was to the eager approval of her son. She also saw that another couple had entered the store. Emily went to greet them and when the woman focused on Emily, the man took the opportunity to give Jenny a long healthy stare. Jenny smiled back. Jimmy noticed the interaction. Good, he thought, she's digging the attention.
Jenny returned her focus to Jimmy, who was fulsome in his praise. He insisted that she buy the outfit. Jenny studied herself in the mirror. She thought she looked surprisingly good dressed as a hard-bodied teen-age tramp, but still, the wrinkles around her eyes showed. Did she look ridiculous? Showing off her body in this outfit would be a thrill and she was unlikely to run into anyone she knew, but still, she didn't want to look like a desperate middle-aged woman trying to pass as a teen-ager.
Emily, her new customers lodged in a dressing room, reappeared and stepped behind Jenny, laying her soft hands on Jenny's shoulders. Emily, deep in thought, gazed at Jenny's reflected image and said, "It needs a little something." Then, her face lighting up, she added, "I've got it." Emily scurried off, returning with a funky pair of round sunglasses and set them on Jenny's face. Jenny turned back to the mirror. She liked what she saw. The glasses obscured the lines around her eyes and gave her a hipper younger look.
Emily turned to Jimmy, "Why don't you take this fox for a spin around the mall. She how it plays. You can leave your stuff here."
With that Jimmy locked Jenny's arm in his and headed for the door. Maybe, just maybe, she thought, in this outfit, with these glasses, and with this handsome young man on her arm, I can pull this off.
For the next forty-five minutes Jenny, her hand intertwined with Jimmy's, wandered the mall, mostly window shopping. Over time his hands became braver, touching her back, fixing her hair, brushing against her butt. Aided by the sunglasses and the reflections in the windows, Jenny scanned the people around them. She was pulling this teen-age tart thing off. No one wrinkled their noses and plenty of eyes wandered her way, lingering on her form. Her son pointed out several groups of guys giving her multiple glances. She had been turned on when they started; the attention was adding fuel to the fire.
After a tour of the mall they arrived at the food court. Gesturing towards an empty table, Jimmy asked Jenny to sit down while he grabbed something to eat. Jenny, her chair pulled away from the table, ostentatiously crossed her legs and applied make-up. Through her sunglasses she spied on a group of teenagers, about her son's age, staring at her.
So engrossed, in fact, was she in surreptitiously observing the teen-agers gawking at her that at first she did not notice that Jimmy had returned. He was holding two soft vanilla ice cream cones. He handed her one.
Jenny looked at her son. "Could you have been a little less obvious?" she said, holding the phallic symbol in front of her face.
Feigning innocence, he said, "I don't know what you mean." And then in a husky, commanding voice, he said, "Lick it, I want you to lick it up the side."
Jenny initially hesitated. Was she going to far? She rolled her eyes to the left, wondering if the knot of teen-aged boys she had seen a minute ago were still out there. They were; they had taken a seat on a bench in the middle of the mall and were looking at her while doing a horrible job of pretending not to. Inspired by their attention, she licked the cone, slowly, sensuously, from bottom to top, and then, with a gob of the thick sweet white cream sitting on the end of her tongue, pulled it into her mouth, and swallowed. Her audience was transfixed. She looked back at her son. He was staring at her.
Confident she would comply, he said, "Very sexy. Do it again."
Without thinking, lost in the moment and safe in her anonymity, Jenny, bent her tongue and ran its flat surface up the smooth, sweet, creamy surface of the ice cream. He instructed her to do so twice more and she, her eyes growing hazy with desire, repeated the performance. Recalling Lauren's advice, Jimmy decided to push the edge: "You've licked enough off the side. Can you get the rest into your mouth?"
Jenny locked her eyes on her son. Well aware of how it would appear, she opened her mouth wide and settled it over the tip of the ice cream, slowly pushing it inside her mouth. She was not entirely successful and some of the cream rolled onto her lips. Although it would be invisible to the world, she swirled her tongue over the crown of the cone before driving it into the center of the ice cream. She reached over with her foot and stroked Jimmy's leg. When done she ran her tongue across her lips, capturing the ice cream that had coated them. Her loose shirt hid her erect nipples and although her cunt was moist, even sans underwear it had not yet stained the short's dark denim fabric.
She squeezed her legs together, sending a shiver up her spine. Her voice husky, she said to her son, "How'd I do?"
Jimmy was not sure what he'd expected, but he'd not expected anything so overtly sexual. His dick was hard and throbbing in his pants. As she had taken the cone in her mouth he had felt a moment of panic. Where would he go from here? Then as she asked her question, ice cream still smeared on her lips, he had an epiphany.
"Excellent, quite," pausing for effect, "excellent. Those boys," gesturing subtly with his head at the knot of teenagers who had been staring at her, "will be dreaming about you tonight. You missed some ice cream. Let me help." He took a napkin from the dispenser on the table, leaned towards her, and dabbed her lips. His other hand drifted down to rest on her knee, squeezing gently. "No good, it's dried, it won't come off. Let me get it."
He slid forward on his chair, licked the corner of her mouth, wetting the ice cream, and then ran his tongue across her lips. Her mouth, seemingly on its own volition, parted, and she let his tongue invade her mouth. Her own tongue, at first tentatively, but quickly with a need and ferocity which surprised her, played with his until she was kissing her teenaged son with all a teenager's passion. When he finally pulled away she was breathing heavily and trembling. She thought of all the people watching them, outraged, or maybe bemused, by the horny teens unable to keep their hands off each other in public. What if they knew the truth, that her son had just frenched her?
Jimmy stood. Jenny took his proffered hand and joined him. He put his arm around her back, resting it on the far hip, and kissed her cheek. "Let's check out the video arcade before we leave." Video games would not have been her first choice, but Jenny dutifully walked with her son, finishing her ice cream cone and wondering what he had planned for her next.
When they entered the arcade the first thing Jenny noticed was the constant, and annoying, pinging of an array of games wholly unknown to her. She turned to her son, having to raise her voice to be heard, "Whatever happened to Pac-Man?" The next thing she noticed was the dim light. She took off her sunglasses. The darkness, she realized, would hide the small indications - a wrinkle here, a sag there - that she had not been a teenager in decades. Here she could openly play the role of her son's girlfriend in front of an audience without fear of discovery. The thought was immediately confirmed by comments directed at her from boys lost in the darkness, where their anonymity promoted a lack of civility: "Hey baby, you can do better than that," "Why don't you come sit on my lap," and "I lost my number, can I have yours?" The crude comments both thrilled and made her uncomfortable and she pressed against her son. He wrapped a protective arm around her and drew her close to him. That set off another round of catcalls: "Damn, if my girl looked like that I'd be squeezing her real tight."
They moved towards the back of the arcade, heading for a game Jimmy often played at home. He fished some change from his pocket and started to play. Jenny wrapped her arms his waist and noticing other couples taking advantage of the darkness to nestle against each other, slid her body tight against Jimmy.
Jimmy, however, was good at the game and as it dragged on Jenny found herself getting bored - Jimmy's mastery of this game might mean they'd be there for hours. Inspired by another girl - who she suspected was equally bored - who was distracting her boyfriend with some well-placed kisses, Jenny pressed herself against him, feeling her braless breasts flatten against his back, and ran the flat of her tongue over his ear. Jimmy shuddered and turned his head towards her. The player on the screen suffered a mortal wound.
Adopting the tone of an innocent girl, Jenny said, "Did I do that?"
Other than smile, Jimmy did not respond. Instead he turned back to the game. Emboldened by her success, she placed her hands on the inside of his legs and ran her hands hard up his inner thighs while pushing her hips into his ass. Jimmy, his concentration destroyed, his cock jumping, watched as his last man died a video game death.
He turned in her arms until he was facing her, held the back of her neck and without a word pulled her face to his, sinking his tongue in her mouth. There was nothing polite about this kiss; Jimmy's tongue was aggressive. And Jenny, thrilled to be making out with her son in a room full of strangers, responded in kind. She imagined that everyone there thought that she belonged to this young man; that she fucked him whenever he wanted; that she was a wanton crazy reckless lover; and that they both came and came. None would have guessed that she was his mother.
When he pulled his mouth from hers Jenny leaned forward, searching for his lips. But he had moved to the left and his mouth was next to her ear. "Two can play this game." Jimmy took her hand in his and led her deeper into the arcade. Her temporary confusion ended when she saw Ms. Pac-Man. She knew this one. Jimmy moved her in front of the game and inserted a quarter, standing behind her.
Jimmy let her work through the first maze before slipping a finger in her shorts and running his hand around her waist while licking her ear. She closed her eyes and leaned back into him. Ms. Pac-Man suffered a fatal injury. Her next player died when he ran his hands down her back and cupped and squeezed her ass. During the third round he leaned her forward, his erection pressing against the crevice of her ass. With her shirt hanging loosely over the front of her body, he slipped his hands inside, stroking the bottom of her breasts before a finger, taking its time, teased her hard nipples.
She had stopped watching the game, instead looking at the reflection in the screen. Her shirt was loose enough so that his hands were invisible, but still none of the people watching them could doubt what was going on. She looked at the reflection of the room behind her, seeing the faces staring at them. Her nipples, already hard, erupted into full erection.
As Ms. Pac-Man expired she turned into her son's arms and ran her hand along the outlines of his cock so everyone could see. "I need you to fuck me," she said, not caring who heard.
Jimmy took hold of her hand and led her from the arcade. She glanced at some of the faces as they left. No one could doubt their intention. How many of these young men would be fucking their girlfriends that night thinking of them? How many boys would be in their bedrooms pulling on their dicks, wishing they had a woman as hot and cock-hungry as she?
Jenny would not remember the crowd in the mall as her son led her by the hand. She just wanted to be alone with Jimmy. When they made it to the parking garage elevator Jimmy pushed her against the door, pressing his body against her and rammed his tongue into her accommodating hungry mouth. His hands roughly fondled her breasts through her shirt. When she felt the elevator stop and the doors slide open on her back she noticed a small black camera mounted on the elevator's ceiling. Had mall security been watching?
Jenny saw a few other cars parked on the roof. Impatient to get him alone, Jenny was perturbed when he seemed to be taking an indirect route to their SUV, swerving by a green Volvo sedan.
"Look inside," he said.
When she did she saw an attractive man, his eyes closed and face shining with pleasure, as a head, unseen except for long blonde hair, bobbed up and down on his cock. Jenny couldn't tear her eyes away as her son said, "This is a local make-out spot. When business is slow mall security will leave you alone if you're discreet." And then tugging her hand, he said. "It's okay to look, but not to stare."
She followed her son, her eyes still locked on the Volvo. When she stumbled over a joint in the parking deck, she looked forward to see that Jimmy was making another curve on the way to their car. They slowed as they passed another vehicle. The passenger seat had been lowered to horizontal where a powerfully built black man lay on top of a dark haired white women, their pants pulled down to their ankles, fucking away. Again, she had to be dragged away by her son.
Jenny did not stop looking over her shoulder until her son stopped. He was unlocking the back of their SUV. He helped her inside and then crawled in behind her. As the back door shut she threw her arms around his neck and pulled him down on top of her, their mouths locked together in a rapacious kiss.
Jimmy pulled up her shirt, exposing her braless breasts, and sucked one and then the other, lashing the nipples with his tongue with hurricane-like fury. Jenny reached down for his belt. Her need was so intense that she had trouble with the normally simple operation and fumbled with it several times before she got the buckle loosened. After several more tries she pulled the zipper down and jammed her hand inside his jeans. When she had watched him jerk off the night before she had thought he was large. That impression had been reinforced when she felt it pressed against her in the video arcade. Now she was sure; her son was hung. "You're so big, so fucking big," she repeated, fondling the length of her son's impressive cock.
Jimmy sat back, pulled off her shorts, and squirmed out of his jeans. Jenny's eyes flicked from Jimmy's face to his erection, which was hard and huge and hot, shaking with need, and dripping pre-cum. There was no hesitation in her mind or her voice.
"Damn it, fuck me now. Fuck me hard!"
Jimmy leaned forward, holding himself above her, and started running his cock along her slit. In too high a state of arousal for fine motor skills, he moaned in frustration; he couldn't seem to find the entrance to her cunt. Jenny, equally frustrated but more experienced, grabbed her son's dick and slipped the head into her cunt. Roughly, without hesitation or grace, he rammed his thick hard cock into her as deep as it would go.
"Ahhh!" Jenny moaned loudly, as her son entered her cunt in one powerful movement. There was no hesitation, no getting used to each other. Jimmy slammed into her; she worked her hips up and down, meeting his thrusts. The two of them got louder and louder. "Shit! Fuck me Jimmy! That's it! Keep working it in and out. Faster baby! Fuck me faster! Fuck me, fuck me." Jimmy did as he was told and she only moaned louder. Jenny wrapped her arms around her son's neck and placed her ankles on top of his, pulling him tighter against her.
Jimmy was living a dream. He had always thought his mother was hot, but he'd never imagined that he would actually have her. Now not only was he fucking her, but she was wild with need and desire. She was completely consumed by her craving for him. His Mom was a fantastic fuck, the best he'd ever had. As she writhed under him it was clear that Dad was not giving this hot bitch the fucking she needed. In that moment, with his cum burning in his balls, her wholly uninhibited passion gave him hope that from now on she'd get it from him.
Jenny was lifting herself into him, pushing her hips several inches from the floor to meet his downward jabs. When he pushed her hips back to the floor he rocked forward, dragging his stiff cock over her g-spot and pubic bone over her clit. Jenny, aware of the delight her son must feel in having turned his mother into a cock-hungry bitch, spurred him on. She buried her face in his shoulder, moaning her delight in his ear, "Fuck me stud, fuck my hot pussy, fuck my tight cunt, make me your slut, make me a dick addict," before, turned on her by her own base language, she let out a loud growl and her head fell back to the floor. She wrapped her legs around her son's waist and ass.
The sex became even more violent. Jenny's body was pinned to the floor by her son's powerful thrusts. The van's shaking and Jenny's screaming sobs of desire also attracted attention, and people wandered over to the vehicle. Few of them had witnessed a fuck this intense and savage, and despite the rules, lingered and stared at the gorgeous couple rutting on the floor of the SUV. When the pounding of their bodies dislodged Jenny's sunglasses she opened her eyes and saw these people watching her fuck her son.
All her life she had longed to push the edge of the envelope, to break the rules, but she'd never imagined that she would become this kind of depraved whore. She was fucking in public; she had an audience; she was fucking her own son. She was a son-fucker. Spurred on, she wrapped her legs around her son, pulling his hips into her with as much force as she could muster and dug her fingernails into his back. After flashing Al, showing Emily her bare cunt, parading around the mall like a teen-age slut, and playing her son's horny girlfriend in the arcade, now she was fucking him to an audience. She shut her eyes - afraid if she stared back some people might feel uncomfortable and leave - and simply imagined their eyes on her. She howled her delight.
"God, I've never been this hot, fuck me. Fuck your Mommy. FUCK ME. I love your fat cock, you motherfucker, fill my Mommy twat with your hot creamy cum you sweet motherfucker. FUCK ME LIKE A SLUT! FUCK ME LIKE YOUR SLUT!!""
There was nothing in her universe but her cunt, the cock that had merged with it, and the eyes of appreciative strangers. Jenny growled and begged and screamed for her son to fuck her more and more, harder and harder, deeper and deeper. Her pussy swelled and juiced as his perfect dick slammed hard into her. They both grunted in concert with the power of his thrusts; they were both in heaven. Then, suddenly, unexpectedly, her gut seemed to rip open and an orgasm subsumed her entire being; her clit and cunt grew until they stretched from her fingers to her toes; sheets of color flooded her brain. She heard her own cries of feral pleasure as if they came from a distant place and then, on top of it all, her son's deep animalistic grunt joined hers as he flooded her hungry cunt with his cum.
She grabbed him hard, pulling his body to hers, and heard herself babbling her devotion as her son filled her with his seed. At some point she let go and she lay there, unable to move. A kaleidoscope painted the sky behind her closed eyes. Her breath was ragged and she gasped for air. The sensations from her orgasm filled her body, her cunt was still burning and a sublime numbness lingered in her fingers and toes. The weight of her son's body on her gave her comfort and she gently ran her hands over him, marveling at his strong perfect physique.
Jimmy, however, was not done. Although he had cum - she distinctly remembered the sensation when he filled her womb with his cum - his dick was still hard and he continued fucking her, slowing the pace, moving in harmony with the pulsations of her body, drawing out, deepening, lengthening her orgasm. Then, when he knew she was ready, he increased the frequency and power of his thrusts, driving himself, and her, back up the mountain. With her hands on his shoulders she pulled him into her, looking over his shoulders with half-closed eyes; it seemed there were new faces watching them through the car's windows.
"You fuck your Mommy so good baby. Fuck her hot pussy, fuck the pussy you came from. Fill her with your seed. You can fuck her whenever you want, fuck her when your Dad's in the next room, fuck her in your daddy's bed. You fuck me so good, fuck me so much better than your daddy. Make me your slut you bastard, you mother-fucker! Fuck your Mommy, fuck her. Feed my hungry pussy your cum baby."
The transformation of his mother to a licentious cock-hungry whore, to his licentious cock-hungry whore, was driving Jimmy wild. Another load of cum was boiling in his balls. His movements became jerky and his grunts bestial, emanating from deep within his gut. Jenny locked her legs around him. Her cunt had never been this sensitive; her clittie had never been this alive. She was close, so close; all she needed was for him to fire his seed into her.
"Give my your jism, baby. Cum inside your Mommy. Fill my belly with your seed."
"FUCK," Jimmy shouted. His body shuddered and he shot a second load of cum into her cunt. "OHMIGOD," Jenny bayed as she was run over by an orgasm exceeding even the first in its mind-blowing power. They clutched each other tight, the warmth of the other's body intensifying the power of their mutual cums.
Eventually, Jenny was not sure how long, Jimmy rolled off of her. He draped a leg over hers. She reached for his now-softening cock, fiddling with it, enjoying it. A fine sheen of sweat covered Jimmy's body. She looked at the windows. The spectators had departed, but it didn't matter. She felt wonderful.
Jimmy's eyes were closed and his breath shallow. His semi-erect cock twitched as his mother's hand twiddled with it. He listened to her soft barely audible breathing. He thought about her warm body, firm tits, soft hands, and tight cunt. He had made his Mom his lover. She was his. Now he had to keep her. When her hand on his cock relaxed a chill ran through him. Was she having second thoughts? He glanced at her; her eyes were closed; she was naked beside him, sleeping peacefully on her back. He thought of Lauren Stone's advice. His Mom was an exhibitionist. So far playing to that aspect of her personality had worked perfectly; there was no reason to stop now.