My 'Catering at a Stag Do' series seems to have stirred some more narrow-minded readers into a bit of a frenzy. However, I received many direct messages from readers encouraging me to write more. Some of them were women telling me of similar experiences they had had. And Cindy from Australia asked if I would tidy up a true story of her first adventure. We have corresponded for the last couple of months, getting the story to her liking.
------
In 2006 my husband Tom and I went on holiday in the Northern Territories of Australia. We had been married for a little over a year, so this was our first holiday away together since our honeymoon. We travelled from one tourist spot to another and stayed in cabins at the local caravan parks.
My name is Cindy, I have a nice trim figure, and I'm not averse to letting guys see it nowadays. But back when this story takes place, Tom and I were still finding each other's limits. I have been a bit of an exhibitionist ever since an older man walked into the wrong changing sheds when I was sixteen. But Although I would've liked to get caught out more, I was much too shy to put myself in any situations where it could have happened.
This particular day, we had spent the day in Litchfield National Park, swimming and sunbathing at a waterhole there. Tom had bought me several sexy items to wear on our holiday; this day, I had on a skimpy lime green bikini. It had taken some persuasion to get me out the door wearing it, as it was a lot more revealing than even I was up for. Once at the waterhole, I wrapt a towel to walk to the pool, which had Tom nagging me to leave the towel off. He had told me several times that having people looking at my body excited him. But as I have said, this early in our marriage, we were both still uneasy about how far the other could push things.
After lunch, many of the people moved on, and a lady near us took her top off and laid back to sunbathe. Tom tried to get me to do the same, but I just couldn't. The thought of being topless excited me but never having been topless in public before held me back.
Around 2:30, we packed up and drove to Katherine, where we had booked into a Caravan park for the night. The proprietor introduced himself as Bruce, a good Aussie name. He thought we were on our honeymoon and offered us one of the honeymoon cabins at the far end of the drive so that we could have some privacy, he said. Of course, we didn't correct him about our being on honeymoon as he was being extra special to us.
The two honeymoon cabins were partially obscured from the rest of the park by a garden of shrubs and small trees. Tom drove past the standard huts, through the gap between the shrubs, and parked outside our front door on the lawn. Once we had our bags inside, Tom grabbed me and threw me on the bed. I could tell he was super horny from perving on my body, barely covered by the skimpy bikini all day.
I decided to tease him and held him at bay, telling him he'd have to wait as I needed to get the washing on. I gathered up all our dirty clothes, towels etc., as he lay on the bed playing with his cock. The rotten bugger kept showing me how hard it was and trying to tempt me onto the bed.
When I returned half an hour later, Tom helped me hang out the washing and dragged me into the cabin, determined to get his way. But I had booked us in for dinner at the Holiday Parks restaurant, as I didn't feel like cooking, and informed him that we had fifteen minutes to get seated. So I started disrobing to put on something nice and noticed the curtains on the window at the end of the bed weren't closed. It was a big window to let as much light in as possible but placed high on the wall for privacy. However, I felt self-conscious being naked in front of it. Tom stood to close the curtains, but they were old and tattered, and no matter how he arranged them, there was a gap in the middle or at the sides. Tom said not to worry about it, as the window would be above head height on the outside, so there was no chance anyone could see in.
I donned some sexy underwear Tom had bought me, then pulled on a thigh-length skirt and a tight T-shirt. I told Tom I needed to put on some lipstick and ducked into our tiny bathroom. It had only a toilet and hand basin; the showers were at the ablution block. While I was in there, I had the dirty thought that I could tease Tom some more by wearing no panties.
When we headed out to dinner, I stopped at the point where the driveway passed through the shrubs as Tom had stopped to get his wallet from the car. As Tom slammed the car door, I lifted my skirt to my waist to show him my bare bum. Then I raced ahead, knowing he would have me there on the grass if he caught me. I knew my naked ass was showing every time my feet kicked up as I ran, and I could hear him catching me fast. I thought of slowing and letting him, as I was getting pretty horny myself.
We were shown to our table and seated. Tom immediately pushed his foot between my legs and tried to force his big toe into my wet pussy.
----
"Tom, don't. Someone will see," I complained.
"If you sit and look normal, no one will have a clue," he whispered.
The dinner was an ordeal for both of us. I was embarrassed someone would see what he was doing, and Tom was so aroused I doubted he knew what he was eating.
When we returned to the cabin, I decided to torment him some more and told Tom I was going for a shower before bed, and he had to wait a little longer.
I had to evade his groping hands, grab a towel and my robe, and race off to the shower block.
Tom decided that he could play this game as well. He waited ten minutes, followed me to the showers, and arrived just as I exited. I winked at him and said not to be too long or I might be asleep when he returned.
He laughed, "You can lock the dam door if you want; nothing will stop me when I return."
I gave him my sexiest look, murmured, "Oh goody," then slipped the robe open to show him I was naked. I turned to the side as a couple stood just a few feet away. They would have known what I was doing, but I didn't care; I was very aroused.
Once back in our cabin, I stripped to put on my pyjamas. Then knowing Tom would probably keep me waiting now that I had been messing with him, I got my razor, sat naked on the end of the bed, and trimmed my pubes. I had taken a good look outside first, though, as the curtain on the door did not fit properly either. As I worked on my ginger bush, I sensed a movement at the door and thought it was Tom. So I covered myself with the towel and had a look. But there was no one anywhere near our cabin. The nearest people were down at the ablution block, so I returned to the end of the bed and carried on trimming whilst keeping one eye on the door.
----
When Tom left the shower block, a towel wrapt around his waist, he caught a glimpse of Bruce backing out of the bushes near the cabin. He knew straight away that the camp proprietor had been perving on Cindy. He had a moment of jealous anger, then found himself getting hard at the thought of a guy watching her. It was almost dark; the twilight was so short at that time of year.
Bruce passed him halfway to the cabin, carrying a spade. He said hello to Tom, followed by an explanation that he'd been doing a little gardening. When Tom got to the cabin, he looked around the side from where he had seen Bruce exiting. The lawn ended at the corner, and there was a garden with shrubs all down that side. As he stood there, the light came on, and two shafts of yellow light lit up the bushes. So he walked between the plants towards the window to see if Bruce could have seen anything.
The window looked well above his head from the outside, but when he got close, he saw that a bloody great rock had been placed conveniently under it. 'Why was he not surprised?' he thought. The dirty bugger had put them in this cabin for a good reason.
Stepping up on the rock and peering in, he saw Cindy sitting on the end of the bed, brushing her coppery red hair. She kept glancing to her right, watching out for his return. But she was dressed, wearing her pyjama shorts and a tee shirt.
He stepped down and went around to the front door. Cindy turned her misty green eyes on him when he entered the room. Her arousal was evident; all the signs were there, the dreamy bitch in heat look on her face, nipples hard as glass, pointing at him through the thin cotton of her teeshirt. His heart missed a beat; she was eye-catching. He didn't mean to break the spell, but unthinking, he blurted out, "I saw Bruce hanging around the cabin. He may have been looking in on you."
----
"Oh god!" I cried out, "I've been wandering around the cabin in the nude."
I reached for my towel, still lying at the foot of the bed, and covered myself. "No!" Tom said, "Don't cover yourself; you're beautiful, and I want him to look at you."
"Is he still there?"
"He isn't. He scuttled away when he saw me approach."
"He might come back," I said, holding onto the towel Tom was trying to pull off.
"Unlikely, anyway, the window is too high for him to see in, and we can keep an eye on the door," he told me. (The bugger knew full well that Bruce would return).
Tom pulled me close, and we started kissing. Within seconds he was playing with my full breasts and pinching my sensitive nipples. I was tense and kept checking the window and door.
"Pull the curtains and turn out the light. Then, I'll feel more comfortable."
"No. If he wants to look, let's give the horny old bastard something to look at."
Tom was rubbing, kissing, and caressing my body all over, trying to get me to relax. I was telling him of my concerns about what Bruce would have seen.
"I dropped the robe as soon as I entered the cabin and sat on the bed blowdrying my hair. Oh god! He will have seen me trimming my pubes; how embarrassing." I moaned.
"Admit it. It's making you wet, thinking about Bruce out there watching you."
I dropped my eyes, "A little."
"Well, it's making me feel fucking sexy thinking about you walking around in the nude with him peeking in the door."
Tom pushed me back on the bed and lay beside me. Propped up on an elbow, he resumed stroking my body, and I could see he was using his peripheral vision to look for any sign of Bruce's return. What I didn't understand, then, was why he was also watching the window when he had said it was not possible to see in from there. I slowly relaxed, and when he lowered his hand to stroke between my legs, I opened them to give him access.
Tom saw a flicker of movement at the door. I could tell as he looked excited, eased his hand under my pyjama bottoms and slid two fingers into my slit. I let him, as I was getting very excited also and thought that the guy would not be seeing much from the door anyway, as he would be side on to us and Tom was partially obstructing his view.
Tom didn't do much more for a while; unbeknown to me, he was waiting for movement at the window over the bed, which I now considered secure. Finally, he moved into action again, lifting my tee shirt and sucking on a nipple as he fingered me more urgently. After a bit, he urged me to sit up and pulled the tee shirt over my head.
The thought of Bruce seeing my tits, if he were at the door watching, had me creaming my pants. So we snuggled back together, and I grabbed his cock. It felt larger than usual; I realised he was just as horny as I was and opened my legs wide for him. I was sopping wet and asked if I should go and get a towel as I was going to make a mess on the bedspread. But he told me, "bugger the bedspread," and pulled me down nearer the bottom of the bed.
"Take your pyjama bottoms off," he ordered.
Wanting to prolong this, I felt so dammed hot I rolled off the bed and turned to face him with my back to the door. Then wiggling my hips seductively, I let the pyjama bottoms slide to the floor. Then, glancing with my peripheral vision towards the door and slightly disappointed at seeing no one there, I started a seductive dance, keeping just out of reach of Tom's beckoning hands.
In a low growl, almost incoherent in his aroused state, Tom ordered me to lie beside him. I didn't argue, I was ready to be fucked, and I knew he was going to do me real good. So I dropped onto my back beside him and spread my legs wide.
(Bruce must have gotten the view of his life, the end of our bed was only a meter from the wall, and if it had been open, he could have almost leaned in and fingered my cunt.)
"Pretend Bruce is up at the window watching. How does it make you feel?"
I snapped my head up to the window and stared hard to see if anything was there in the blackness of the night. But the shadows the curtains cast on the glass made it difficult to see, but I was pretty sure there wasn't anyone there.
I turned my attention back to Tom, "He's not there!"
"You sound disappointed."
"A little bit, maybe... No, I'd be mortified if I saw him."
After that, we made love. I came too soon but rolled out from under Tom and gave him a blow job I hoped he would remember forever. It was the first time that I swallowed his cum. I told him this, and he told me I would get plenty more.
I got very excited again while blowing Tom. I held my butt up high, spread my legs and wiggled it seductively, imagining the old bastard almost having a heart attack with the view he was getting.
Tom stayed hard when he came, and as I was now super excited again, I crawled on top and straddled him. Again, I rode him hard, repositioning myself every few minutes and grinding myself onto his mound. All too soon, I tensed up again as the spasms wracked my body, and a second orgasm hit.
Afterwards, I got up and moved around the cabin, gathering my bedclothes, damp towel, etc. Then wandered into the bathroom, an aimless journey, but it was exciting to think the guy could be watching us. Tom knew what I was doing and commented, "I'm a very lucky man; I have a budding exhibitionist on my hands. We will have some exciting times in the coming days and years. (Little did I know then just how accurate his observation would be).
When we woke in the morning, I felt a little bashful about how brazen and demanding I had acted the night before and was incredulous when Tom told me that Bruce had been up at the window all the time. But, of course, I didn't believe him. I just thought he was winding me up. So when we left to make breakfast, I was mortified when Tom showed me the rock under the window and the white marks where Bruce had ejaculated all over the wall.
I was annoyed that Tom had lied to me the night before. But as we walked, I found myself getting wet, and the memory of our erotic night of lovemaking soon burned away my hurt feelings.
After breakfast, we were to go sightseeing. The Nitmiluk Gorge and a swim at the Katherine Hot Springs were on our agenda for the day. We were booked in for a second night at the caravan park. I was both excited and uneasy at the thought of it happening again. Pretending was very exciting, but exposing yourself knowingly was a different matter. A big step that had me worried. So I asked Tom about cancelling our booking and travelling to the next destination. However, Tom pointed out that we should have left before 8:00 that morning if we were to make our next stop, so I reluctantly accepted that we had no option but to stay one more night.
The Nitmiluk Gorge took up most of our morning, and we had lunch there. We got to the Hot springs at about 1:00 and decided to spend the rest of the afternoon there. Finding a secluded spot, we laid out our towels, and then, I shocked Tom by shedding my bikini top and lying down on my back to take in some sun. It took Tom a while to speak; he was astounded I had stripped without his having to say anything. And his voice sounded quite strained as he asked me how I was feeling now about spending another night in the cabin.
"It has me nervous but excited at the same time. Do you think Bruce will watch us again?" I inquired.
"I'm certain he will. I would imagine wild horses would not keep him away."
"I keep thinking about last night, and it has me horny. I have to get into the water as I'm getting very wet. And it's going to show through my bikini bottoms, and that I would be embarrassed about"
I rose, walked to the pool and slid into the water. It was not until I was fully immersed that I remembered I was topless! I could hardly believe I had been so daring, such a massive step in only twenty-four hours. The other people at the springs were a good hundred meters away, but they must have seen that I was topless. I swam around feeling fantastic. The freedom of the water flowing around my naked breast was incredible. When I left the water and walked back to lie by Tom, my loins were all aquiver with warm sensations.
When we returned to the cabin, Tom informed me that he had some lingerie for a special occasion and produced a black lacy thong, bra and suspender belt with black stockings. He laid them on the bed and told me they were all I would wear that night.
"What! To dinner and nothing else?" I said, giving him a wicked grin.
"You can choose what you want to wear to dinner, but yes. Those are all you will wear when we return to the cabin."
I told Tom I wanted to go into town and get Pizza. Then I stripped off and put on a short skirt, singlet top and sandals, no bra or knickers. I thought Tom would cum in his pants; he looked so happy.
We took a bottle of wine with us, and after we got the Pizza, we took it to the local park and found a table to sit at. Sitting outside with dozens of people walking by, me sans underwear, was a first for us both. My tits were half exposed at the sides, the singlet top being too narrow to contain them properly. And the skirt was so short, I had to keep pulling the front down, or I would take a photo of everyone that walked by. As we sat there consuming our wine, more and more people diverted to our path to have a perv, and I began letting my legs part as some of the better-looking men walked by. I blame the drink for this; I was getting a little tipsy.
Tom and I were getting fucking horny. Twilight was approaching, so we decided to return to the holiday park. Also, some young guys had come by a second time and hadn't disguised their stares or comments.
When we got back, Tom dropped me off at reception to see if I could settle the bill as we needed to leave early the following day. Then, Tom drove to the cabin to pack some heavier items for our early start.
Account settled, I returned to the cabin and gave Tom an ominous look.
"What's wrong?" he asked.
"I think Bruce might have told his wife he watched us last night. When I settled our account, she acted strangely, and her eyes scrutinised me the whole time."
"I don't think he would have. It's unlikely a husband would admit something like that to his wife. Could it just be you being a little paranoid?
"Maybe, but I don't think so."
___
Bruce had indeed told his wife. When he had returned to their apartment the night before, Mary, his wife, had asked him where he had been and that his dinner had been sitting on the table for nearly two hours. She had looked at him, saw his dishevelled, flustered state, and asked if he had been perving on teenage girls again.
"No!" Bruce had exclaimed. "I don't do that. It was that newly married couple that I placed in cabin ten. I was genuinely gardening and caught glimpses of her naked, walking around the room. I think she knew I was there and was posing for me."
"Genuinely gardening. Bullshit!" exclaimed Mary, "you are a voyeur, always have been and always will be. Why don't you admit it? You put them down in that cabin on purpose."
Bruce hung his head, embarrassed at being caught out.
He then tried to explain, "The husband arrived back, and he had to have known I had seen his wife naked, yet he did nothing but give me a knowing smile. So once he stepped inside the hut, I doubled back and glanced in the door."
"You fool, what if he had seen you?"
"I had left my gloves there, so I could have said I'd returned for those. But it was dark and the cabin lit, so they were unlikely to see me."
"I watched him talking to her. She looked mortified at first, so I presume he was telling her I had been outside. But after a bit, she seemed to accept it and started acting up and almost posing for me. I couldn't drag myself away. I would have come and got you but thought they would have finished before we returned, so I stayed put."
"What makes you think I want to watch something like that?" Mary snapped.
But she mellowed and pushed him to describe more of what he had seen. Finally, after answering all her questions and filling in the details, he thought she was more than just interested. And this was confirmed for him when they went to bed. Mary was ready for sex and was much more adventurous than she had been in years.
Bruce caught Mary peeking out the window at the young couple the following day as they returned to their cabin after breakfast. And as soon as they drove off sightseeing, she grabbed the cleaning gear and went to clean their cabin. He mulled over Mary's reaction as he moved around the camp doing his chores. In the past, when he tried to get her interested in any voyeuristic sightings he had witnessed, she was scathing and gave him shit. But she was acting very differently that day.
When Mary returned from cleaning their cabin, Bruce asked her what Cindy's knickers smelt like. She went plum red and spat out denials.
"Fuck me! You did. You smelt her knickers. You horny little vixen. Would you like me to take you out back for a minute?"
Mary half-heartedly still tried to deny she had done anything and gave him a dirty look at his suggestion of sex. But when he took her hand and led her through the door to their apartment, Mary gave little resistance. She stood stiffly by their bed as he tore her clothes off, but then she warmed, and they were soon in the throws of another steamy sex session.
As they lay side by side, catching their breath, Mary asked him if she could go and watch with him that night. She questioned him about what would happen if they got caught. Bruce spent some time telling her how well hidden in the bushes the window was and that the husband had to know he was there. So there was little chance they would be confronted.
____
Back in our cabin, Tom still found it hard to believe that Bruce would have told his wife about his activities. But as the light faded, he stood near the door and kept an eye on the office. We had some music playing softly. I was in the bathroom when Tom called out that Bruce had left the office and was walking across the park. He was silent, then said, "He's gone to the fence over the other side and will be working his way around the fence to our garden."
I joined Tom at our table, and he poured me a glass of wine. I had changed into the lingerie he had set out earlier and felt incredibly sexy. Tom was sitting there in only his boxers, looking flushed as well.
"Is he there?" I asked, not daring to look up at the window.
"Not yet. I'll tell you when I see movement at the window, you keep half an eye on the door."
Tom never mentioned to me about the wife being with Bruce. It wasn't until later that night he admitted that to me, saying he had been concerned I'd freak out.
It was fully dark now, and we had all the lights on. So I rose and walked around the cabin, pretending to do small tasks. But I couldn't sit still and was looking for movement at the door and window. I was very excited and kept bending over, picking things up and swivelling around, so my butt faced the window or door.
I saw movement. First, It was just a flicker of darker light in the window, something you would never usually notice. It could have just been a shadow of the trees moving in the wind, but I knew this wasn't the case. I moved over, sat on Tom's knee, and let him slip his hand under my bra. My nipples instantly hardened as he kneaded them. He asked, "Do you think he's there?"
"Yes. I saw a little movement. I'm sure he's there. Take me to bed. I want to be fucked," I said the latter loud enough so I would be heard. I couldn't believe I had been bold enough to yell that out, but I'd been running this scenario through my head all day.
Tom lifted me to stand beside him, pushing the lacy black panties down over my hips. Then turned me around and pushed me towards the bed. He whispered in my ear that I looked so fucking sexy standing there in nothing but my bra, suspender belt and stockings. His comment awakened sensations I never knew I harboured, and I made some modelling poses for him, turning around, arms above my head. The look of lust on Tom's face told me he was just as turned on as I with the situation. He pushed me down onto the bed and positioned me so my open legs afforded anyone at the window a good view. But we were both conscious of not glancing up at the window.
----
Mary, Bruce's wife, didn't know where to look. Bruce had helped her onto the rock and climbed up beside her. She hung back and watched him look into the room, ready to flee if he showed any sign of being seen. Mary couldn't believe she had been stupid enough to agree to this. But when Bruce nodded, it was all clear and indicated for her to have a look; she raised her head and peeked inside anyway. Mary had never experienced the exquisite, stimulating surge of emotions that overtook her then.
The young wife was sitting on her husband's knee, and he was fondling her breast, and her legs were parted. Her transparent black thong barely concealed her puffy pubic mound. Mary ducked back out of sight. She didn't know if she could watch; it went against all her previous convictions, but the intense yearning in her groin was hard to ignore.
Bent below the window meant that Bruce's bulging hard-on was right beside her head. And when he reached down, adjusted himself, and it almost sprang out the top of his shorts, she gasped and stood to see what was happening.
Before her eyes were even at the window, Mary heard the young wife moan and call out that she wanted to be fucked. It sent a sexy tremor of lust flooding through her. She jerked her head back to the gap in the curtain and saw Cindy pushed down onto the bed.
"God." she whispered to Bruce, "Look how wet she is."
"I know. You've seen nothing yet. She will go absolutely nuts when he fucks her."
Mary watched as the husband ran his fingers through Cindy's wet slit and held them up for her to taste. She eagerly sucked his fingers into her mouth. Mary had never tasted herself; she dropped her hand down inside her panties and slipped a finger into her own pussy. She was surprised at how wet she already was; these days, she seldom got very damp, and Bruce had to use a lubricant. But she grinned to herself. There was going to be no need for any vaseline tonight.
Mary watched the expression on Cindy's face change. Her husband thrust his fingers in and out of her cunt, drawing moans of pleasure from the young woman. Mary hooked her own fingers deep into her cunt, searching out that rough patch of skin not far inside that always gave her such satisfying feelings.
Then the husband did something that made her wince. He pushed a finger into Cindy's butt. Mary knew about anal, she wasn't totally naive, but she and Bruce had never done that. He'd never even tried. She had read about anal in a book once, which aroused her. She had touched herself there but thought it dirty and went no further, worried about it being painful.
But Cindy got very animated when her husband touched her there. And she started yelling out for him to fuck her in the arse. He asked her where she wanted his cock, and she yelled again, "In the arse, you bastard. In my fucking arse."
Mary couldn't believe the euphoric thrill she was having from watching. Her panties were soaked, and she pushed them and her skirt down over her hips to get at herself more easily. Mary was so overcome with her need she didn't hold onto them, and her panties and skirt dropped to her ankles. Too excited to be bothered, she stuck her fingers in deep again and, with the other hand, reached around to her naked butt and searched for her puckered rose. The feeling was sublime; her butt hole was alive with sensations. She crouched slightly, slipped the finger from her butt into her own juices, then pushed it back into the ass, way past the first knuckle.
Bruce had slipped his cock out the front of his shorts and was stroking it now. He glanced at Mary when he saw her crouch down, thinking she was attempting to leave. His jaw dropped in amazement when he saw his supposedly conservative wife, skirt and panties around her ankles and fingering both her holes. Not one to let an opportunity pass, he let go of his prick, stepped behind her, and ripped her blouse open. He knew he would cop it later, as some buttons fell between the rock and the wall. Then cuddling into her back, he lifted her bra and let her pendulous breasts fall free. He fully expected her to explode in indignation at his actions, but instead, Mary stood up straight and stared into the room again, her fingers a blur between her legs.
Bruce cupped both beasts and began to work on her nipples. He whispered in her ear, "Would you like to be fucked in the arse?"
He'd never spoken to her like this before. So he was shocked when she replied with a long, drawn-out "Yeeeeesss."
"Not now. We can't do it here. Later when we get home," he answered.
Mary moaned, "Yeeess," again. Loud enough to be heard in the cabin. But when Bruce glanced over her shoulder, he knew the couple had not heard. Cindy was moaning with anticipation, her moans rising in pitch and volume as Tom smacked her ass. He had her positioned on her hands and knees, and she was twirling her bum around in anticipation of his assault.
"You like that, don't you," her husband growled, "you love it when I spank you. You love being watched."
It took Mary a minute to take in the meaning of those words. Her clitoris had doubled in size and throbbed with pleasure, almost too sensitive to touch. So it took her a minute to put Tom's words into context.
"God, Bruce, they know we are watching," in saying this, Mary made to pull away from the window and flee.
Bruce held her tight, "I think you are right, and I'm sure they knew I was watching last night as well. So we are not going anywhere."
Their eyes were drawn back to the window as Cindy called out, "Uhng... Aaahhhuuhhh," every time Tom smacked her arse. Then on one softer smack, Cindy yelled, "harder Tom, smack me harder.
Mary stopped struggling and realised that Tom had his cock in his hand and was moving in to fuck Cindy.
Tom knelt beside Cindy, his hand gripping her butt, his other hidden but certainly holding his erect penis. Mary watched Cindy's face as she turned and watched him slide into her vagina. The lewd, craving look Cindy gave Tom sent a new wave of desire deep into Mary's bones. She reached behind and tried to get Bruce to fuck her. But he pulled away and directed her hand to his cock.
"Slow down. They are just getting started. Play with me for a bit and watch."
Mary was tingling with a surging excitement, and she resumed fingering herself whilst jerking Bruce off. Then another groan escaped her lips as she watched Tom stand over Cindy and lower himself to crouch behind her. Mary knew what the man intended. But she couldn't see how he could fit as the guy's cock was significantly larger than Bruce's.
Tom put his hands on his wife's shoulders, pushing her face down onto the bed, then crouched behind her and directed his shaft into her cunt. He gave a few thrusts to get it good and wet, then withdrew and pushed his purple knob against her bum. Mary tensed, expecting Cindy to do the same. But Cindy eagerly pushed back against his pressure, and his cock slid into her receptive arse with a noisy plop sound.
Again Mary was agog with what she was witnessing. The sensations in her own cunt doubled, and she knew she was going to orgasm. She tried to hold it back, but when she felt Bruce's cock throb, and he began to ejaculate over the cabin wall, she erupted. The climax bent her double, and she almost teetered off the edge. The only thing stopping her from falling was her firm grip on Bruce's ejaculating shaft.
The first couple of spurts, Bruce caught in his hand, and he rubbed his spunk all over Mary's breasts, paying particular attention to her hard nipples. She suddenly craved to do something dirty and pulled his hand up to her mouth and sucked his fingers clean. Seeing this, Bruce dropped his hand, scooped some of Mary's own gushing fluids and raised them to her lips. She didn't hesitate and sucked her mess from his fingers with even more ardour than she had his spunk.
When their breathing slowed, Mary indicated she wanted to leave, "Take me home now. I don't need to watch anymore."
Bruce quietly spoke, "Watch for a bit more with me. I won't be ready for any more sex for a while, and if you want me good and hard soon, then let me watch them a bit longer, so I get excited again."
So Mary stood and glanced back into the room again. Tom was in full stride, taking long, forceful strokes into Cindy's bum. Mary found that now she was momentarily satiated; she could observe what was happening in the room in more detail.
"So tight and wet," Tom ranted to Cindy, "and you love taking my cock inside..."
Whatever else Tom growled was lost to Mary as Cindy's pussy clenched, her thighs strained, and her first orgasm hit her. She cried out loudly that she was coming and for him to fuck her good. She had slipped one arm under her body, plunging her soaked, slippery fingers into herself.
Cindy's vocal climax didn't just get Bruce going again. Mary found herself getting excited again, and when Tom started shouting dirty obscenities, he yelled he was coming too. Mary found she also had an orgasm building. She reached her hand back down between her legs and searched out her G-spot. She was very sensitive still, and so kept her fingers clear of her clit.
Bruce hugged her tight and started pinching her nipples again, "Cum for me, you beautiful woman. Where have you been hiding all these years," he murmured in her ear.
Cindy was yelling, "Fuck me! Fuck me! I'm going to cum again." And when Tom shouted, "Cum on my cock, let yourself go now, you horny tramp." Mary climaxed, matching their cries, "Oh, God! I'm going to cum again,"
Her climax drove her to her knees, body quivering, fingers still between her thighs, slowly fingering deep inside as her orgasm unleashed blissful relief. It had built faster than she thought possible. She had never had a double orgasm before. Her pussy felt flooded, and her swollen folds pulsed with pleasure. She lifted her fingers, smeared with her juices, up to her mouth and sucked the slightly-salty fluids from them. She had to cup her crotch with her other hand to stop her mess from dripping onto the rock.
As soon as she was back with the living, Bruce helped Mary down from the rock. She was fucked, and he wasn't strong enough to hold her on the rock any longer. They sat on the edge of the rock for at least ten minutes, listening as the young couple continued to fuck.
'Oh, to be young again,' Bruce thought as they finally rose, and he walked Mary back to the office.
Cindy and Tom Woke up in the night and fucked again; the experience had them so worked up. They were up and left early the following day.
They waved to Bruce and Mary as they drove past the office, Tom commenting, that he thought they looked sad to see them leave.
----
That spring holiday twenty years ago was only the start of Tom and my many exhibitionist adventures.