The moment that changed her life wasn't her lover suddenly deciding to eliminate her from his life. No messages, no calls. She'd been cut off and couldn't understand why. Why did someone who meant so much to her value her so little?
The moment that changed her life happened as she stared at the street light indicating it was safe to go. Was it really safe? You were always trusting that everyone else played by the same rules. But that didn't mean they would.
"Hey, sweetie, I just can't stand seeing you look so sad. Here, have a cookie coupon on me," said a kindly looking woman interrupting her morbid thoughts. Aside from the slight bulge of her belly, appearing pregnant, there was nothing about the woman in jeans and a plain white t-shirt that looked out of the ordinary. And then she was gone.
Zibi looked at the piece of paper curiously. It was a free cookie at a nearby coffee shop and bakery. "Thank," she swallowed through her dry throat, "Thank you." She called to the kind woman's back. The woman blew a kiss back at her.
She didn't act on it until the next day. Waking up, staring at her empty messages and emails, she acknowledged, "I'm being ghosted." As she readied for work, she muttered, "What did I do?" "He never said anything." "Why me?" "I'm not a mind reader." "He said he loved me." "Am I a sucker?" "What's wrong with me?"
That last thought echoed through her head all the way to the shop. The bakery smelled everything wonderful as she entered, sweet and rich with bread. As she handed over the coupon, the man behind the counter greeted her, "Hi beautiful, just one sec."
Zibi blinked in surprise. At least someone considered her beautiful.
"Here you go," he handed her a chocolate chocolate chip cookie, "And stay to enjoy some coffee with it." He lifted his chin at the dispensers in the back. He had a masculine confidence about him that had her automatically following his directions.
All the mugs were ceramic, so there was no taking a cup for the road. Deciding that being late for this moment of peace was worth it, Zibi took a seat in the corner and for the first time in days forgot about her troubles. A pamphlet lay on the table for some church, soft warm tunes added to the sense of peace. And the cookie. As she bit into it, it was perfect. Perfect in texture and taste. Zibi didn't smile, but she decided to come back to bakery.


It was around a week later that Zibi met the woman who had been so kind to her at the bakery. "Sweetie! I'm so glad to see you here!" she slid into the seat across the table from Zibi.
Zibi smiled at her, a real smile, "I'm glad to meet you at last; my name's Zibi."
"And I'm Miccaela or just call me Mic," she answered, smiling back. "So what do you do, Zibi?"
Zibi shrugged, "I process invoices and the like. Inventory." She blew out her breath, "Inventory's the worst."
"I do marketing for my church," Mic shrugged. "This is kind of our store here. I'm glad you like it."
Zibi nodded, "Yes, I'd noticed the literature." She tapped one of the pamphlets on the table.
"Gosh, it was the best thing in my life..." Mic briefly shared a story about her ex-husband cheating on her and then with a vague hand waving gesture taking in the shop, finished with, "The wonderful folks here helped me heal."
Zibi couldn't help the wistful look that crossed her face. Curiously, she picked up one of the pamphlets for the first time and looked inside. It was filled with messages of love and a calendar of events. Hesitantly, Zibi thought out loud, "I'd be curious to go to one of these, but I'm uncomfortable going alone."
"Just give me a call, sweetie," Mic replied with a smile. She wrote her number down on the pamphlet.
While riding the bus, Zibi pulled out the pamphlet and checked events against her own schedule. It was depressingly unoccupied when her dating life ghosted. Suddenly, the pamphlet was snatched out of her hands. Gasping, she looked up into the face of a man in a suit who looked furious. He had a hard edge to him that reminded her of a friend's father, an abuser. On instinct she threw up her hand to block the slap that the man would have delivered while looking like that. Flesh hit flesh, but it wasn't hers. A body, vigorously fighting, moved between her and the threatening stranger. Two more hits were delivered as the bus came to a sudden stop.
Then all was briefly quiet. "Miss?" inquired a familiar voice. Zibi looked up to discover it was the man from the bakery who had been her rescuer. "Are you okay?"
Zibi nodded, thoroughly unable to react any further.
The police arrived, and she had to give a statement as she watched the bus pull away, leaving her desperately late for work. The attacker was slowly coming back to consciousness in the an ambulance nearby and was incessantly mumbling something. She couldn't understand any of it. Her rescuer from the bakery sat in the back of a police car talking to another officer. The police officer she spoke to paused when the subject of the pamphlet came up. "Love Church?"
"Yes."
"Are you a member?" she scribbled into her notebook.
Zibi said, "I'm checking it out. I just really like the people I've met there so far." She tilted her head towards the police car.
The woman nodded. "Alright, Ms. Wassili," she sighed, "You're free to go."
Zibi nodded and picked up her bag.
"Just a word of caution," the officer continued. Her voice dropped so that no one could hear. "I've investigated a number of women who joined that church." She paused.
Zibi waited.
The officer was no longer looking at her, rather over her shoulder at something in the distance, and closed her notebook as if that was the end of it. Zibi looked in the direction the woman was gazing and saw her Captain watching them. Shrugging, Zibi started walking to the nearest bus stop to get back on her commute.
When she got a few blocks away, a taxi pulled up next to her. "Miss Wassili? I've been paid to take you to work."
Surprised, Zibi walked up to the open window. "Really?"
"Yes, please get in. It's about to start raining, and I don't like mold," the driver irritably replied.
Her shell-shocked mood lightened somewhat, and Zibi climbed in asking, "Who's paying?"
The driver shrugged, "Some church. Where to?"
Miraculously, she managed to arrive on time. But she had lost her pamphlet with Mic's number. Sighing, figuring she'd ask if the bakery had it when she thanked her rescuer, Zibi got to work.
When she got home after work, she found a surprise. Slipped into the letter door to her apartment was the pamphlet. Smiling at the thoughtfulness, she called Mic's number.
"Hello?" her sweet voice answered.
Zibi said, "Hi Mic, it's me, Zibi."
"Zibi!" her voice raised slightly, "I heard you had some excitement..."
"Yeah, you could say that..." and Zibi told her about the incident on the bus. "I'm wondering, do you know how the guy from the bakery..."
"Paolo," she interrupted.
"...Paolo. How did Paolo happen to be there? I thought he was working."
Mic dropped her voice a bit, "Well, the guy that attacked you, he attacked another woman near our shop, so Paolo was keeping an eye out and followed him."
Zibi breathed a little easier. She wasn't being followed. The officer's cryptic warning had made her concerned. The next thing she knew, she had dinner cooked and ready, and she and Mic had been on the phone chatting for over an hour.
"So you think tomorrow's good?" Zibi asked Mic about upcoming meetings.
Mic was excited, "Oh, yeah, I'll pick you up!"
"See you then!" Zibi hung up.


The next day, Zibi hurried to the bakery. As soon as she saw Paolo, she cringed at his bruised visage, "I didn't get a chance to thank you."
Paolo gave her a little salute. "Glad I was there," he answered with a rueful grin.
"Mic and I are going to the meeting tonight. Will you be there?"
Paolo's eyes twinkled. "Unfortunately not tonight, but if you make a Saturday meeting, I won't miss it. You'll find out about those later." As he handed her her breakfast sandwich, he added, "It would be really exciting if you decided to go to one."
Zibi smiled back at him friendly. "I'm almost certain I'll make it."
After work, Zibi looked in her closet. Mic said she should dress comfortable and relaxed, like going out to a dance club. Shrugging at the odd attire for a church, Zibi picked her black simple dress. Then she picked out lacy black panties to go with it. Unfortunately, previous experience had taught her that if she wasn't careful, the wrong chair in a certain location could give someone an eyeful. The bra was part of the dress, and she adjusted her breasts comfortably to fill it as she zipped herself up.
When she climbed into Mic's transport, Zibi asked, "So what sort of meetings are on Saturday?"
"I see you talked to Paolo," Mic smiled. "You'll see."
They reached a property that used to belong to a movie studio which had gone out of business. At the front, Mic got out and Zibi followed her, and then the transport moved away, piloted remotely. The beat of heavy drums and lively tunes reached her ears, and Zibi blinked in surprise. "Here we are!" Mic announced with a flourish highlighting the sign over the door. It read: The Church of Dionysus.
Zibi stumbled as Mic grabbed her arm and tugged her inside. As soon as they entered, different leis were hung around their necks by half-dressed men. The lighting was dark, and Zibi only knew Mic from her hold on Zibi's arm. "Let's get a drink!"
Zibi stared at her uncertainly, temporarily blinded by a shifting spotlight.
"Of course, I can't have the fun stuff right now, but YOU sweetie should have a drink!" Mic called as she guided Zibi to the bar.
"What will it be?" a half dressed man behind the bar asked them.
Zibi left Mic to order as she looked around. Couples were dancing throughout the room. Large screens showed soft pornography, almost realistic, the viewer looking through a security camera at the action below. As she watched the coupling or tripling or she-didn't-have-a-name-for-that-one, the participants would reach climax and then the view would change to an empty space which was soon filled with another set of participants.
Zibi was aroused despite herself, and she took a large gulp of the drink Mic handed her. A brief burn followed the swallow. "I also grabbed one of these for you!" Mic dropped something that looked like a sugar cube into Zibi's drink.
"What was that?" she asked.
Mic laughed, "It'll feel really good. Trust me!"
Shrugging, Zibi took a sip and raised her eyebrows. It was slightly tangy and went perfectly with the drink. Then Mic led her up a winding stair to the next level which was much quieter. Surrounded by low conversations, they found a table that overlooked everything. As Zibi processed what she was seeing, Mic commented, "Let's enjoy our drinks here, then we can head back down."
Zibi nodded and looked at the dancers. The spotlight would catch sexual gyrations between men and women. "You mentioned I'd find out what happens on Saturday?"
"You've been watching it, sweetie. The screens above the dance floor are our Saturday celebrations!" Mic waved at the screens. In one, a woman in stocks was in the throws of an orgasm as the man behind her thrust. Another showed a man, restrained, being ridden by a woman with a grin of ecstasy. Zibi inhaled sharply as she drank. She could almost feel the lust between her own legs.
"So if I go on Saturday..." Zibi wondered out loud.
"Be prepared for lots of sex," Mic laughed. Then she pointed as a new scene started, "Oh, my God, I think that's me!" She rubbed her belly excitedly.
The scene was difficult to see, the area was dark, so the camera view was all in a special light. The woman was moving blindly through a series of corridors. "Is that a maze?" Zibi asked.
"So confusing," Mic sighed.
The woman reached a dead end, then stopped. A false partition in the wall opened and a man seized her around the waist. They had a brief discussion and then she began to perform fellatio. Zibi swallowed. She glanced down at the dance floor; many of the dancers were watching.
"Every Saturday is game day, and I got the maze challenge several months ago. Just watch."
The man ejaculated into the woman's mouth. When he was done, she opened her mouth again, and he poured something down her throat from a small cup.
"That's a concentrated amount of the good stuff I added to your drink," Mic commented. "Want another drink?" She waved to the bar tender in their quiet area. The man switched out Zibi's drink as she watched Mic get caught in another dead end.
Zibi sipped at her new drink getting increasingly aroused by what she was watching. This time, Mic was fucked doggy style. The man put on a condom first. Even without any sound, Zibi could see Mic violently come as she was fucked. Soon the man was also orgasming. Zibi was breathing a little heavier when she saw the man put something into Mic. "What was that?"
"Oh, a special kind of vibrator. The best part is coming up."
Maze-wandering Mic was still obviously unable to see in the dark, yet she managed to find the exit. A timer at the bottom reached zero before she crossed the threshold. Two men came in and seized her arms. She was put into stocks located just beyond the exit. The timer reset to ten minutes. A man emerged from the maze and after a few words and petting Mic's back, he pressed himself into her. Mic threw back her head obviously orgasming. Thrusting rapidly, he soon was buried deep in her releasing. Zibi squinted her eyes watching as another man took his place with 3 minutes remaining. This man kept thrusting despite running out of time and no one stopped him. He too orgasmed deep inside her friend. "Wow."
"Yeah, that was literally fucking awesome."
It was hard to see but a strand of fluid between the bodies caught her eye. "He wasn't wearing a condom?"
Mic laughed and patted her belly, "Wouldn't be a good game without some risks!"
Zibi was really turned on and shocked. "So Saturday games are..."
"Winning all round! Let's go dance sweetie!"
Zibi was so turned on, she gleefully leaned into the first man who ground himself into her ass as they danced. Soon she rubbing her vulva against one man twerking while another played with her breasts. The men kept trying to kiss her, but she wasn't interested. As she danced, moving fluidly, sharing partners with other women around her, she spotted Mic kissing a man deeply. Soon she watched the man and Mic and another woman wander off the dance floor. "Where are they going?" she asked her current dance partner.
"Kiss me, and I'll show you!" he laughed back.
Zibi was curious, but she didn't exactly want HIM. "Let's not and say we did."
The man laughed. Tightening his arms on her, he licked her right behind her ear shooting sparks into her already really aroused frame. "I like you, Zibi..." she jerked in his arms surprised, "...yes I know your name." Between small nibbling kisses down her neck he added, "I just want to make you feel good. You don't have to do anything in return."
As she tilted her head back, reveling in the sensation, another set of hands grasped her. A man behind them slid his hand over her hip, down to her vulva, rubbed suggestively with slight extra pressure between her labia, then down to the hem of her short dress where they slightly lifted it and drew circles on the inside of her thigh. The other hand circled her breast, kneading its soft flesh with a knowledgeable massage for its base musculature. As she moaned, the man in front took her mouth as the man behind her pressed tightly against her back, his erection firmly pressing between the cheeks of her derriere. The kiss was a complete surprise. His lips were full, his tongue caressing hers, and his masculine flavor desperately heightened her arousal.
By the time the kiss paused, Zibi was drunk on lust. When the man behind her lifted her into the arms of the one in front of her, she wrapped her legs around him to help him hold her up with his large hands under her butt. As they left the dance floor, the man from behind her joined them, and she got a good look at his face. He was staring at her, intent, focused. Hungry.
They entered a room so small, Zibi would call it a closet. The only light came from a video screen showing the same set of videos as she'd watched over the dance floor. The man carrying her set her on a short footstool in the center of the space. The other man lifted her hands up to a bar above her head. "Watch the video, Zibi," he murmured into her ear. Besides their own slightly rapid breathing, the space played a soft music of a more mesmerizing beat than the dance floor's intensity. It also smelled rich with human textures, not an odor but something else.
On the screen a naked woman lay down on a table.
Fingers gently lifted the hem of Zibi's skirt.
The table moved into a smallish tube that prevented the woman from moving her arms. The other side was wide open where two naked men spread her legs and fixed them to stirrups.
The fingers grazed slowly up her inner thigh. Hands began to undo her dress, a slow tug on the zipper at her back. Zibi shuddered as heat stabbed into her.
One man lowered his face to her thigh and began kissing, licking, moving slowly closer to the woman's vulva.
As her dress fell off of her, the hand on her thigh started petting her vulva, a gentle caress from the front to back. From front to back.
The woman on the screen grimaced in pleasure as the man settled his mouth between her legs. Small shifts of his head were accompanied by desperate motions of the the woman's arms.
A shackle closed on her wrist. The hand on her vulva begin to slide along the edge of her panties.
The woman on the screen screamed, and a flashing on the screen caught Zibi's eye. Another timer. The woman didn't make it and the timer stopped.
Zibi's other wrist was captured in a shackle. The hand on her vulva slid into her panties while another hand started tugging them off of her. Zibi's breath caught.
"My name's Cam and my partner here is Milum," the man who had carried her said over the soft mesmerizing music. "We can't fuck you at this meeting, only make you orgasm until you tell us to stop."
The woman on the screen was very actively getting fucked, and not with a condom. The timer was counting down from 10 minutes.
Licking her lips, Zibi tried looking at Cam and Milum, they were impossible to see in the darkness. Her eyes couldn't adjust from the screen's projected light. "I'm okay with that." Her nipple was teased with a touch so soft she wasn't sure it had happen until it happened to her other nipple. Her dress had its own bra, so she was bare.
"Watch the screen, Zibi," Cam laughed. The hand on her naked vulva returned to petting, a finger idly slipping between her labia on random strokes.
The man orgasmed, and another moved forward pressing his erection into the prone woman on the screen. She had 5 minutes left on the timer. The first man began to do something with his hands to the man who was thrusting into the woman who was in the throws of another orgasm.
The finger slipped between her labia and kept rubbing there as a mouth found her breast but not yet her nipple. It licked around her areola.
The 2nd man orgasmed shouting as he came. Zibi could see his body spasm with each jet of sperm that erupted into the woman.
One of the men leaned up and kissed Zibi on the mouth. It wasn't Cam. Milum. His tongue moved differently, and his different taste was also pleasant. Zibi inhaled in intoxicated surprise. As her mouth was captured, a finger slipped inside her.
Laughing, the first man, backed up as the 2nd man waved his fist at him threateningly. A 3rd man moved forward and slowly entered the woman.
As her mouth was occupied in the kiss, the finger slipped out, then in again. Soon the kiss transformed to Milum's tasting her throat, forcing her to tilt her head towards the screen.
The timer ran out, but he kept thrusting. He fondled her vulva as he moved, and the woman shook her head back and forth.
Slowly Milum kissed his way down her throat. The finger kept slipping in and out.
The woman on the screen screamed out her orgasm followed shortly by the 3rd man thrusting deep into her and bottoming out as he shuddered with his own orgasm.
Zibi could sense the edge coming, her arousal was growing faster. Suddenly all touch was gone.
The man pulled out, and thin line of cum flowed out of the thoroughly fucked woman. Panting, she smiled, supremely satisfied.
Zibi heard the soft movement of clothing that people made when they disrobed. "What's next?" she panted.
"Watch," Cam ordered.
Zibi rolled her eyes. She wasn't referring to the video.
The lighting was distorted again indicating that the scene was thoroughly dark. So the woman who stepped into a closet, literally a pentagon-shaped closet, couldn't see anything. But it wasn't empty. Objects lined the walls and five erections emerged from glory holes in the walls around her.
Zibi shuddered as a mouth began licking her neck from behind and a thick, lubed, erection pressed between the cheeks of her ass.
The woman felt around the objects, and Zibi realized that some were condoms. The woman put one on one of the erections.
Another mouth latched on to her nipple and the finger massage of her labia returned. Her ass cheeks were squeezed around the erection between them, and it began to thrust. Zibi panted harder and shuddered as a muscle spasm of need passed through her whole body.
The other objects on the walls were lube. The woman on the screen applied it to the condom covered erection, lined it up, and worked it slowly deep into her.
Zibi noticed there was no timer. The finger between her labia slipped inside her. In and out, in and out, but this time from the front. Grazing her clit. And the mouth on her nipple flicked it mercilessly with the tongue.
The woman on the screen orgasmed, which apparently triggered the man inside her. Zibi realized his hands were able to pass through holes as well, as the woman's hips were held in place for deep penetrating thrusts. When he was done, a red light flashed blinding the woman, and Zibi realized that rather than a timer, there was an X flashed on the screen. A small drink was handed to the woman through the hole, which she drank quickly and handed back.
Zibi's own orgasm loomed closer. She imagined the thrusts between her ass cheeks were actually penetrating into her instead.
The woman felt around the objects on the wall, selected another condom and put it on another erection. Then she also put lube on it from yet a different container. The walls were lined with options. She could have reached anywhere and found condoms and lube. Then the woman bent over and pressed back affixing herself to the next erection.
As she did it, the man behind Zibi slowly stroked between her ass cheeks as if he was entering Zibi like the woman on the screen was being plunged. Zibi stiffened as her orgasm reached its precipice. The finger inside her was matched with another finger on her clit, and she fell. Groaning, great waves of ecstasy crashed through her. The man behind her wrapped his arms around her, tugging her confiningly tight, and he orgasmed. Her lower back got covered with a surprising amount of cum.
"Keep watching," Milum ordered. Zibi inhaled deeply catching her breath. It was Cam who had just covered her with ejaculate.
Zibi noticed the hands of the 2nd man passing through hand holes were rubbing the woman between her legs as he thrust. Her pleasure was unmistakable as he pistoned into her.
As Cam rubbed his semen into her skin, Milum stepped up to her chest and pressed his erection against her vulva from below. Zibi tried tilting her hips suggestively, but Milum prevented her from getting to a good angle for penetration by shifting himself.
The woman on the screen jerked in surprise, the hands on her hips wrapped around her lower belly holding her fast against the man's pounding penetration. Dropping her head, the woman started pinching her nipples and rolling them between her fingers.
Cam's semen covered finger pressed against her anus. Zibi froze in surprise. Milum started thrusting, sliding his erection against her clit and partially between her labia. She was so wet, he didn't need lube, but he had some smeared on his erection.
The woman orgasmed violently, jerking hard as she came. Regardless, her hips remained confined in the man's grasp.
The lube that Milum was using began to tingle against Zibi's clit. Cam's lube and semen covered finger slipped into her anus. Zibi tugged ineffectively on her wrists as another orgasm, a big one started to grow.
The man on the screen stopped thrusting. The woman's breasts paused in their swinging. After a moment, she was released, and the woman pulled away from the wall. Cum seeped out of her body. Another red X flashed. A device was handed to her through the hole. As she put it on, Zibi realized that it was a vibrator for her clitoris.
Zibi desperately thrust her hips shifting between hot stimulation of her clit to the unexpected stimulation of her anus. Cam's finger slid in and out, making her wild, as her clit shot electric shocks from the wonderful slide of Milum's erection.
When the woman tried another condom-lube combination and took the 3rd erection into her body, Zibi's muscle spasms peaked, colliding with her orgasm, sending her over another violent precipice. She grabbed the bar to which she'd been shackled and screamed thrusting her hips in sharp jerks. Milum locked his arms on her, his erection sliding powerfully between her labia as she jerked, when he too erupted. His forceful jets covered the skin between her vagina and anus. Zibi wilted in Milum's arms as his cum started sliding down her legs. "Keep watching," he whispered into her ear.
The woman on the screen was already orgasming. The man behind her kept thrusting vigorously.
Once certain Zibi was able to keep standing, Milum knelt and began rubbing his cum into her legs pausing to tease her clit from outside her labia. Cam returned to thrusting his lubed finger in her anus again.
The man that was currently fucking the woman started orgasming. After a minute, she was released and stood up. Zibi didn't see any cum fall. She was about to ask about it when another red X flashed. As the woman drank another small drink, something happened to the wall. When the woman approached the 4th erection, she only used lube. The man's uncovered erection entered her bareback.
Zibi jerked when Milum's tongue swiped between her labia across her clit. "What's the challenge with this?" she gasped.
Cam slipped a 2nd lubed finger into her anus as he laughed, "Our version of roulette."
The woman orgasmed almost immediately. The man inside her kept thrusting, making her breasts sway invitingly.
Zibi jerked when Milum's mouth locked onto her clitoris and sucked. His semen covered fingers splayed across her abdomen, holding her in place like the man on the screen whose arms had locked around the woman's hips.
Again, the woman stopped swaying, and she dropped her head to watch her separation from the man behind the wall. The now-unmistakable dribble of cum oozed from between her legs as he pulled out of her.
A check mark in green flashed. The woman shook her head ruefully and knelt before the final erection. Taking it into her mouth, she grasped it and sucked it with intense vigor.
Milum's mouth on her own clitoris was almost an echo of the scene on the screen. Behind her Cam murmured, "And that's how you're going to get pregnant, Zibi."
The sudden shock from his words made her whole body tense up. Picturing herself as one of the woman on the screens, like Mic, pregnant after taking the risk of the various games made her wild. Milum sucked on her clitoris then, Cam thrust his fingers into her and held them there, moving around unbelievably erotically, and she screamed. The orgasm made her thrash as it violently took her.
Male laughter of delight greeted her satiated satisfaction. Milum kissed her. Then Cam kissed her when he stepped back. As Milum put on his clothes, Cam helped her back into her dress. Then as Cam dressed, her shackles were released by Milum. "My panties?" Zibi asked.
"We're going to hold on to them for you," Cam chuckled as Milum slipped a hand under her dress to caress the curve to her derriere. His fingers just barely grazed her labia.
She was acutely conscious of being covered in their cum, but since it had been rubbed into her skin, there was nothing she could do about it. With each holding one of her hands, they led her back to the dance floor, but not onto it. Instead, she was guided around to the bar where Mic, a lot more mussed than earlier, sat. Mic grinned as she approached. "Thank you, gentlemen," she told them, dismissing them.
They each kissed one of Zibi's hands and turned in another direction, a hallway that led deeper into the building complex.
Putting down her non-alchoholic drink, Mic sighed, "Well, sweetie, it's time to go. Dare I assume you're in for Saturday's festivities?"
Zibi was thoroughly relaxed, in fact she felt great. Satisfied. She nodded. "Can you tell me how the roulette challenge works?"
Mic chuckled. "Oh, now that one is fun! But, no, you have to wait till Saturday to find out all the rules. I wouldn't want to ruin it for you."
As they walked out into the cool air, one of the transport vehicles was waiting. Mic waved, "In you get."
Zibi paused for a moment, "You're not coming?"
Mic laughed, "I'm already home. It's a short walk around the water's edge to my condo."
"Thank you for bringing me," Zibi sighed giving her a quick hug.
Mic confidently hugged her back, "I'll see you tomorrow! And who knows? Maybe we'll be neighbors!"
Zibi climbed in, shut the door, and waved. Then she closed her eyes. In the enclosed space, she kept focusing on Cam's and Milum's scents of cum like they were one of the bakery's cookies.
As Zibi showered and lay down to sleep, Cam's dark voice kept echoing in her head, "...you're going to get pregnant, Zibi..."


The next morning, Zibi yawned and stretched. A slight discomfort in her abdomen was quickly dismissed. As she approached the bakery, she spotted Paolo looking anxiously at the door. Curious, she watched him as she entered. Relief relaxed his face, and he smiled at her. A few heart beats later, his eyes glinted with hunger as he handed her her usual breakfast. There was a little something extra. What looked like a vitamin.
"What's this?" she asked.
Paolo gave her a brief half-smile, "It's a vitamin. Mic said you seemed to be in need of more vegetables."
"Oh, Mic," Zibi chuckled and rolled her eyes.
As she held out her money to pay, Paolo waved her on, "You came to a meeting. We cover breakfast."
"Really?" she asked surprised, "I mean it was..."
"Our Church," he cut her off. "We celebrate life and living." He reached over the counter and ran his thumb over her lips, hunger, raw hunger in his face, "Enjoy the feast."
Zibi stared caught by his expression. Warmth burst through her body, primed from the previous night's activities. Paolo put the thumb that had touched her lips to his own and licked it. Zibi inhaled sharply, absolutely turned on.
"Take off your jacket. Go have a seat," he ordered, turning to look at the new customer that just came in.
Zibi got her coffee and settled into her seat in a daze. She was staring at the pamphlet when Mic came in and joined her. "Hi sweetie!" Zibi gratefully accepted her hug. "How do you feel?" she asked as her tea began to seep.
Zibi sipped her coffee, "I feel great! But I was looking at this pamphlet wondering..."
"...why Saturday's not in there?" Mic finished for her.
"Yeah."
"Well, you saw. Could you imagine walking in on that for your first meeting?" she laughed.
"Run for the hills, probably."
Paolo passed by their table and winked at her, "I'd haul you back."
"We're just a healthy lifestyle," she shook her head. "People need to get an idea of what's going on and then decide for themselves."
Zibi thought about the female police officer. "Does anyone change their mind?"
Mic shook her head with a smile, "We all have problems we think we can get away from, right? We've got counselors who help with life's trials, but then once you have kids, well, the fathers matter, right?"
Zibi nodded thinking about it. "I don't have to decide to join Saturday when I go? I've still more time to decide?"
"Oh, sure," Mic nodded, "I mean, as long as you don't lose any challenges at the..mmmm...right time, you can take as long as you like sweetie."
Zibi snorted at her friend's answer, "Risks, huh?"
"Risks," she grinned her satisfaction.
As she gathered her coat to leave the bakery, Zibi paused after absentmindedly putting on her scarf. It was dark colored like the one she wore coming in, but it wasn't hers. She could clearly smell a different scent on it, a masculine one. Figuring she accidentally grabbed the incorrect scarf, she took it off and held it in her hand looking around the coat hooks.
"Problem?" Paolo asked her. He was right behind her.
Zibi glanced at him a little surprised to see him away from the counter, "I don't know. My scarf is gone." She held out the mystery scarf, "I found this one where I left it."
Paolo lifted her hand to look at it curiously. "May I?"
Zibi nodded expecting him to take it. Instead, he took her other hand, wound the scarf around her wrists, pressing the palms together, making her breath hitch in surprise.
He flipped up the end, revealing the initials 'P.A.', "Looks like mine." Gazing in her eyes hungrily, he released the hold confining her hands and slowly slid the scarf across her skin pulling it away.
Zibi was instantly aroused. Licking her lips, she murmured, "Can I borrow it?"
Paulo slipped a hand through her hair to the back of her neck, twisted his palm and grasped her hair into a perceptible tug. With his other hand, he guided it up, just skimming the top of her breast and lay it over her exposed neck. Releasing her hair, he then gripped either side of the scarf and adjusted it to lay evenly around her, brushing the backs of his hands along each of her breasts. "You can rent it."
"Rent?" She was so turned on, she could feel how wet she was making her panties.
Paolo nodded maintaining her gaze. "I'm going to give you a takeout box. Inside you're going to deposit your underwear."
Zibi's eyes widened remembering how she lost her underwear the previous night. "Oh, okay."
Paolo's smile in response was almost feral.
Zibi moved awkwardly when she stepped out of the bathroom a few minutes later. Paolo was waiting for her. "Just so you know," she murmured, "You caused this..." she gestured at the box he was taking from her hand, "...to be a bit more juicier than usual."
Paolo chuckled and squeezed her arm briefly, "Perfect."


When Friday night arrived, Mic called around 7PM, "Sweetie! Tell me all about your day..."
Zibi told her about more of her office minutiae that was amusing. A small snarky comment, a humorous misspelling. After about an hour, she glanced at the clock and sighed, "Well, I guess I'm going to skip going out."
"Oh?" Mic prompted.
"After the other night, I thought about visiting a local nightclub and get back into having a social life..."
Mic made sympathetic sounds but pointed out, "It costs you, what, 50 credits to have an evening like last night's meeting right?"
Zibi nodded, "Yeah, that's about right."
"Why not save your money?"
"Right? Well, we'll see."
Mic sighed, "You'll want a good night sleep tonight anyways."
"Which reminds me," Zibi grinned, "What's the deal with the guys in the church taking women's underwear?"
Mic laugh was infectious, "I can't tell you; just be flattered."
Following Mic's lead, Zibi ended up staying on the phone for another hour until Mic yawned. "Sounds like you need to go to bed yourself," Zibi replied.
"You plan to stay in then?" she asked sounding a little off.
"Put on my pajamas while we were talking," Zibi shrugged.
Relief colored her tone, "Good night then! See you tomorrow, sweetie!"


The next day Zibi slowly woke up hearing Cam's voice echoing, "...you're going to get pregnant, Zibi..." The soft seductive spell was broken by buzzing from her door.
Confused, she climbed out of bed, put on a robe and tapped the screen to her apartment's threshold. "Mic?" she asked.
The woman was holding a couple of packages and a portable tray with what looked like coffee. "I brought breakfast and a surprise!" she answered.
Yawning, Zibi let her in.
Mic went for the kitchenette and put down the coffee and one of the bags. "Oh, sweetie, did I wake you up?"
"It's okay," Zibi answered with a smile and gesturing at the coffee. Poking around in the bag, she spotted her usual breakfast at the bakery. "Make yourself at home."
Mic took a seat at the table and put the other package in the center of it. "Since this is your first Saturday meeting, I wanted to let you know that the fun fun stuff begins a few hours after lunch, but you need to be there before lunch to play for your challenge."
Zibi sat across from Mic feeling the arousing heat of the morning return. "Play for your challenge?"
Mic nodded. "You'll see. Which challenge you get is a game itself, and then depending on the result, there are some choices that you need to make."
"Ah," Zibi sipped her coffee.
After some more chit chat, including Zibi's taking another vitamin at Mic's behest, Zibi finally opened the present. It was a simple dress in a deep, royal red. "It's beautiful!" she commented, smiling.
"Go put it on," urged Mic.
Zibi wondered, "Is this like a uniform or something?"
Mic nodded gesturing at her own dress. That was when Zibi noticed that it was a similar style, just a bit more elaborate and pearl white.
"Oh, okay. Let me get ready." Twenty minutes later, Zibi was climbing into the transport with Mic with an excited smile on her face.
After they arrived, Mic was greeted with a hug by a woman directing everyone at the door. While Zibi stepped back for the moment, she suddenly found herself likewise squeezed in a welcoming vise. "Zibi Wassili! Wonderful! Okay, so Mic will show you the way to Room 101. For lunch, would you like the chicken or fish?"
"Fish," Zibi answered automatically, overwhelmed.
Mic towed her into the building and headed for a smaller corridor. Zibi noticed other women as they walked and stared around curiously. Some were wearing pink dresses, some were in green, but she only saw one other woman dressed like herself. It was an odd uniform choice, but the styles were all similar though. "Where are the men?" she asked.
Mic rolled her eyes. "They're plastered to all the video screens showing the camera views." She pointed at one nearby and waved. "And when they're not doing that, they're managing the details that go into the games. Like preparing our drinks, charging the batteries to our equipment, the maze needs to be changed to a different puzzle, that kind of thing."
They finally reached Room 101 and entered. Mic gestured to the chair in the center of the room. "Have a seat and get comfortable; I'm going to just be sitting over here, so let me know if you need anything."
The screen in front of Zibi activated. "Welcome to the Church of Love..." a melodic female voice said. After a brief history including the sad news of their founder's parting...Mic blew out her breath noticeably at that part, and Zibi didn't get the impression it was regret...Zibi found out that her dress color meant that someone in the church reported her as likely ovulating..."Not me," Mic muttered and Zibi palmed her forehead thinking of her wandering undies. "Our dedication to loving each other comes with the responsibility to love the results," the voice continued as images of adorable infants, toddlers, and children flashed across the screen. "So your accepting these challenges accepts the risks of pregnancy," a split screen of a woman in the throws of ecstasy during sex with the same woman very pregnant and smiling showed. "Which we take very seriously. When you sign the form we give you, you accept that you automatically become a member of our church upon insemination," an image of the same woman smiling as she filled in a form while wearing a red dress identical to Zibi's flashed. "When you join us, you are making the best decision in your life, for you and your future." The woman was shown again smiling at a desk with a young man's arms, presumably her son's, around her. Zibi inhaled in surprise, "Wasn't he at the previous meeting?"
"I think he was."
The form flashed on the screen in front of Zibi. As she read the fine print, Mic started chatting. Apparently the fish was really good and taken straight from their small lake. Zibi didn't worry about the legaleeze too much. Essentially she was holding them harmless for unprotected sex acts and agreeing that membership in the church included releasing all ownership of her property to them. Which was easy, since she didn't have any. She'd just gotten out of school a few years earlier and switched jobs several times.
As she stared at the accept line, requiring her thumbprint, Mic had switched topics to her friend's insemination. "She drew the roulette challenge." Zibi's arousal suddenly jumped interrupting her higher thinking. "There's a lubricant that will actually dissolve some condoms, and on her second partner, he got the lubricant, and she said it was so hot." Zibi nipples hardened as she remembered the scene, with Cam's smearing his ejaculate all over her while Milum did the teasing slide through her labial folds. Zibi pressed her thumb print to the screen.
Mic squealed and gave her a quick hug. "Okay, now the fun begins!"
The view on the screen dissolved into a spinning wheel. Zibi couldn't see anything on the wheel in sufficient detail to know what any of it was, but each pie piece was a different color. "What do I do?" she asked.
Mic laughed from behind her, "Tap the screen somewhere, and whichever challenge is nearest when you do it becomes yours!"
Zibi watched the colors turn, not too fast, but she still couldn't read anything. "Oh, this is impossible." Covering her eyes, she randomly poked at the screen. Then she split her fingers so she could see her selection.
A blue wedge blinked, then grew larger and rotated to orient its text upright. Mic laughed, "You're probably going to have several more sessions of sex to come down from that one!"
"Orgasmic Countdown?" Zibi asked.
"You'll see. They only tell you the rules just before you start." Mic reached under the screen and pulled a table out from a slot in the wall. The table had an array of porous cards on it. "Okay, now you need to go through these and find 5?, no 4, 4 scents that you like most."
Zibi lifted the first one to her nose curiously. Rich masculine aroma, the kind that colognes try to imitate, greeted her nose. "Huh. Smells like man."
"The man who will be fucking you specifically, so be picky!" Mic ordered.
Zibi's gaze jerked down at the cards. After a quick sniff of the set, she put three into the yes pile, 2 were in the smells-good pile, and the rest were no. Sniffing back and forth between the 2, she finally picked the one that was most similar to the other three. Those 3 she recognized.
Mic took the yesses, and said, "Let's eat lunch!" When they emerged, Mic slipped the cards into a pneumatic letter tube and dropped in a slot along the wall. Zibi was so turned on by everything that was happening, she worried she was walking awkwardly. Lunch was unexpectedly peaceful. They picked up their assigned basket and sat quietly near the compound's small lake as they ate. Another pair of women joined them, one in pink and another in a pastel green. They talked about Mic's pregnancy, their children, their jobs, interactions with various men about the church, and then told Zibi at length how much less stress they had in their lives. Soon, a tinkling of chimes sounded.
They walked to a different part of the compound. Zibi recognized it was the dance area from before. The floor was covered with tall, small, round tables; each had a pitcher, cups, and fruit. The music wasn't as loud; it was the seductive beat she'd experienced with Cam and Milum. The screens above the floor were again showing people having sex in various challenges. There was something a little different about them, though. Zibi realized that there was a red dot in the corner typical of a live feed. "Is that happening right now?" she asked Mic.
Mic poured a cup from their table's pitcher and handed it to Zibi, "Yep!"
As Zibi looked around, she stopped to watch a woman in what looked like the maze, but the view was blurred for most of it, only resolving to show the action when sex was occurring. "Guess they're trying to hide the maze."
Mic laughed, "Yeah, the Saturday that they first introduced it, everyone saw its layout. The designers got put into the stocks for a pretty thorough ravishing." She gestured at another screen. "Want to see the Orgasmic Countdown?"
Zibi whipped her head to look at it. After a few minutes, she asked, "That lube that you were talking about..."
Mic smiled, "Yes?"
"...is that what I'm looking at?"
"Yes," her voice was deeply amused.
"Oh, boy."
"Maybe. But here's the other thing which makes it a bit more exciting."
"Hmmm?" Zibi gulped back her drink and accepted the second one that Mic handed her, "The biochemical cocktail that the condom dissolves into supports sperm living longer in your body."
"Just in case?" she chewed on her nail as heat suffused her whole body.
"Here have another," Mic handed her another cup.
Zibi sipped at it looking for something else to focus on. "What do you call this drink by the way? Is it some kind of juice?" Her vulva was actively lubricating, the wetness seeping into her panties.
"We call it ambrosia," Mic sighed. "It stimulates your hormones which is why I can't have any."
The woman on the screen separated from her partner, cum slipped out of her. Zibi could almost feel how amazing that sensation would be. The woman put her hand against the wall, apparently to catch her breath. Zibi was breathing a harder herself. Then the screen went blank and a new scene appeared.
Glancing over her shoulder, Mic nodded. "Your escort's here, sweetie! Have a lot of fun!"
Zibi turned to find herself partially surrounded by masked men, their bodies obscured by robes. Four men. Two of them took her hands, tugging her into their midst. Then they were walking and Zibi's emotions were so muddled she couldn't even look at where they were headed. "When do I find out the rules?" she asked more to break the silence than anything else. The only answer she got was a pat on her hand.
Then they turned into the room she saw on the screen. The door locked behind her. Nearest to her was a set of stocks that accompanied all the challenges but weren't always used for whatever reasons. A large box-like structure stood just beyond it with holes in each of its four sides for her partners, like the roulette challenge's gloryholes. The room wasn't very bright, and the area around the box structure was particularly dark. She doubted she would be able to see much of her partners' erections. The point was to feel them obviously. Unexpectedly, she was guided and secured into the stocks by her escort, which locked with a beep.
A male appeared on the screen in front of her as the escort shifted behind her and began to remove her clothing. "These are the rules of the Orgasmic Countdown Challenge," his rich tenor began. "You have forty minutes to have vaginal sex with all four of your partners." As her dress came off, two hands began to fondle Zibi's breasts. Her nipples shot each sensation straight to her womb. "You are provided with four condoms to use. You must use the lubricant with the condoms. The lubricant breaks them down. It begins to act after 5 minutes and fully breaks down the condom by 10." Her dress removed, a pair of hands grasped her panties and began working them down her legs. "The lubricant-condom combination is a nutrient fluid supporting sperm within the woman's body to last longer. When you orgasm, the next condom that you use will have lubricant applied to it at that moment in time." Zibi was only half listening as a hand began to slide back and forth along her bared vulva. "If you use oral sex, you cannot bring your partner to orgasm, and after he has ejaculated you must drink the ambrosia concentrate." The hands left her, with a parting caress. "The concentrate increases both your sex drive and stimulates ovulation." Zibi blinked as she shuddered in her need. "Each time you successfully bring your partner to orgasm in a working condom, you must attach the vibrator that he will hand to you, first to your clitoris then in your anus, then to your nipples." The retreating feet of her partners was followed by a softly closing door in the box structure. "If this challenge does not inseminate you, you must wear the vibrators until you've orgasmed four more times within the allotted forty minutes." Zibi swallowed thinking of the three cups of ambrosia she drank before coming in here. "If you understand the rules and are ready for the challenge to begin, say 'Go'. Otherwise, you will default and remain in the stocks for the allotted forty minutes."
Zibi swallowed against her suddenly dry throat, "Go."
The stocks released, and she approached the structure idly rubbing her wrists. A green light glowed over the nearest door indicating she should start there. There was no clock helping her out with the countdown. Kneeling before the erection before her, she grabbed it and licked the tip. She wasn't certain, but the scent seemed like it belonged to the mystery man, the one man she hadn't met previously. Opening her mouth wider, she sucked on it. Precum greeted her effort. Smiling, she licked up the sides then over the top again and again. It was getting more rigid, and the tip a bit wider. Sucking on it again, she pressed the tip as far back in her throat as it could reach and swallowed. The whole shaft twitched. Figuring he was close, Zibi stood up and reached for the condom on the small shelf next to them. After fitting it on him, he kept twitching in her hands, she nervously squeezed lube from the small hose above the shelf and, instead of lubing the condom, she lubed herself. The sensation was wonderful. Pressing her lubed fingers into her channel, she panted. Then bending over, grasping the metal bar in front her for the purpose of support, she eased herself backwards. As the tip of her partner's erection slipped between her labia, she bit her lip. It was like her dildo come to life. As it reached her entrance, the slight resistance to its girth was delicious. She kept pressing backwards as the head resisted, then finally fully entered her. Her whole body shuddered at the sensation and her womb clenched threateningly. Suddenly, very warm masculine hands were on her hips pulling her backward, filling her with the rigid length. Definitely not like her dildo. She moaned and panted, finally. Then he began to pull back and thrust deeply into her. Zibi threw her head back on a moan. It was like the best vibrator ever. One of the hands reached around to her clitoris, and as the shaft in her pistoned, her clit was alternately rubbed and pinched. It was merciless. Her womb started tightening, her orgasm loomed. She couldn't remember why, but for some reason she knew orgasming now wasn't a good strategy. As the fingers continued to work her clit, the thrusting in her channel became more intense. Her orgasm teetered, in he thrust, flick went his finger against her clit, and out he pistoned. In, flick, and out. In, flick, and out. She couldn't fight it any longer, she fell. Great waves cascaded through her frame. She clenched hard on the erection buried inside her. Her partner grunted, he thrust, then thrust a bit deeper, then released her clit and pinned her to him as he erupted.
As she pulled away, it was apparent he didn't want to release her but he did. The whole condom pulled out intact. Then the man actually spoke, "Drink." Oh, yeah. That. So she drank as he poured the concentrated ambrosia in her mouth. She swallowed. Then he said, "Here." And he passed her the clitoris vibrator. It wasn't vibrating yet. Her body warmed. The ambrosia didn't feel much different. She slipped on the clitoris vibrator. Two straps around her thighs and a third around her waist. The green light for the next man to the left lit. Rounding the corner, she could see the outline of her next partner. It was hard to think of them as anything other than sex objects. Kneeling, she again licked the tip immediately tasting precum. She recognized the scent. It was Milum. At that moment her clit vibrator activated, and Zibi jerked. Following it, a wave of heat cascaded through her system. She really wanted to be fucked. She sucked Milum into her mouth and licked under the swollen tip. He groaned. She was actively leaking her own lubrication as the ambrosia's heat took over her body. She had to take him, bury him deep inside her. Releasing him, she snatched up the condom and paused. Lube? It already had been lubed. Suddenly she remembered the instructions. She had 5 minutes from her last orgasm. Her clit stiffened and the vibrator started varying its vibration. She shuddered violently. Fighting herself, she covered Milum's erection and eased back. He had a different shape than her previous partner, but it was just as wonderful. Milum huffed a brief laugh when she bottomed out. Instead of helping, he stood still as she pulled away and pushed back. The vibrator let off the intensity, which didn't help. Milum reached forward and pinched her nipples making her crazy. She frantically began to work him in and out. Her muscles began to seize, another orgasm was coming. She needed it. With a soft moan, Milum seized her hips and began thrusting. Zibi threw her head back. The intensity as her whole body seized in orgasm made her cry out her pleasure. Milum kept thrusting through her spasms. As she shuddered, his heavy breathing caught. Almost inaudibly she heard, "Not yet." She smiled as another seizure gripped her body. She orgasmed again, "Oh, YES!" The thrusting into became irregular until finally she felt pressure.
What she didn't realize at the moment was that her second orgasm on Milum initiated the squirt of lube on her fourth condom. Gasping for breath, she pulled away. Milum's hands resisted but finally he helped her pull away. Zibi swallowed as she felt something happen between them. Milum's condom broke as he pulled out. She wasn't sure, but some it could be still inside her. "Drink," Milum ordered holding out a cup of concentrated ambrosia. After she drank it, Milum ordered, "Bend over so I can stick this in you." The anal vibrator. Bending over, she knew she didn't have enough time. Sighing, she enjoyed the feel of the lubricated vibrator being pressed in. Then with a light pat on her derriere, Milum dismissed her. She straightened and rounded the corner for her next partner. As she walked, the vibrators both turned on. She grabbed the wall for balance. Her whole body shuddered. Another orgasm was building. Moving erratically, she focused on the erection before her. The ambrosia had her so hot, she just wanted to fuck it. Take it deep. Snatching the condom lubed after her earlier orgasm, she knelt and licked the erection before her as she fit it on. Paolo. Paolo was going to beat her in the challenge. She couldn't possibly get through this with the condom intact. It was already loosing its texture. Turning, she gripped the bar tightly as she pressed back into him. The tip pressed into her, and for the first time she looked back, hoping to see his face. Nothing but wall greeted her gaze, but his warm hands quickly grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto him. Her tissues gripped him, the ambrosia made her so aroused, she spasmed as he entered her. She groaned, "More." Hands made powerful from kneading bread, got a good grip, and he thrust. She orgasmed. Paolo thrust through her orgasm. Her vibrators adjusted their speed to accompany his thrusts, and she rocketed into another orgasm. When the vibrators paused, and she could catch her breath, she realized that Paolo's erection was rubbing directly against her channel, skin to skin. The condom had failed. She shuddered realizing the really big difference between men and dildos: the insemination part. Paolo was going to fill her with semen. His sperm. Another orgasm gripped her stimulated body, the ambrosia was turning her into a sex maniac. In and out, Paolo thrust, bare inside her. In and out, she was about to become pregnant. As if Milum didn't already threaten that. Zibi tossed her head and pinched her nipples. Paolo's breathing became uneven, his thrusts started jerking, when finally he wrapped his arms around her hips fixing her to him. He thrust deep, erupted, the feel of his release unmistakable, pressed deeper, jetted more, the liquid sensation shocking her, then held her tight to him, and continued to fill her. Semen was filling her womb. She was probably ovulating or about to. Pregnant, Paolo was impregnating her. Her next orgasm arrived brutally making her scream. Then the vibrators turned back on.
Zibi jerked as more stimulation added onto her already overstimulated nerves. She wondered if a synapse in her brain was going to get fried. "Praise the Goddess," she laughed softly referring to Dionysus. A hearty chorus of guffaws joined her. As she pulled away, Paolo's hands petted her. She knew she had to be getting close to the 40 minute mark. "Drink," his familiar rumble ordered handing her another drink of concentrated ambrosia. Zibi swallowed it in one gulp, eager for the next orgasm. They were getting stronger, deeper, more overwhelming. "Go," he ordered pushing on her hip. Finally, she was with her last partner in the challenge. Kneeling, she again took his erection in her mouth. She groaned as she licked. This was definitely Cam. Licking and sucking, she manipulated his arousal in her mouth until his precum became a near constant flow easing from the tip. Then she reached for the condom. And found goo. Wait a minute. Fighting her body's insistent demand that Cam's erection go straight into her channel and no more messing around, she tried to think. Goo. I orgasmed twice on Milum. Countdown. Right. Four condoms. Right. Unsure of the rules anymore, she smeared the goo inside her. She started to smear it along his length, but she stopped. He was already starting to orgasm. Spinning as fast as she could, she thrust him deep into her, catching some of his ejaculate on her derriere. He erupted massively inside her. She shuddered. The vibrators intensified. Cam kept orgasming as the vibrations triggered him further. Zibi's own pounding arousal from the loss of all control over who inseminated her triggered another orgasm. She yelled, "I'm cumming I'm cumming!"
Cam laughed softly, jerking still within her. "Stocks? I didn't completely cum inside her." The others murmured agreement. Next thing she knew, she was drinking more ambrosia and pinned in the stocks as the first man thrust inside her bare. Her legs were covered in cum that pooled on the floor between her feet. She orgasmed again and again. She couldn't escape the wonderful seizing of her womb. Then it was Milum entering her. He licked up her back as he thrust. As the next set of orgasms passed through her from Milum's barebacked thrusts, Zibi couldn't do more than jerk spasmodically.
Her 10 minutes apparently up and then some, she had her vibrators removed, was wrapped in a robe, and picked up. The men were still masked, but she could tell it was Paolo carrying her. Mic met them at the door, her eyes twinkling, "Oh Dionysus, sweetie, I came in my pants just watching you! That was so hot!!" Then she gestured at Paolo and waved the others away. "Come. We're going to put her up in my condo until hers is ready." Paolo grunted acknowledgement, as the other three looked at each other and shrugged.
When they stepped outside, the wind the blew over the lake and kissed Zibi's brow. As they entered Mic's condo, she waved at the bathroom. "Go bathe her, Paolo. I'll be back in a few minutes. You guys wore her out, there's no way she's making dinner."
As soon as she left, Paolo pulled off his mask and kissed Zibi. Despite her exhaustion, she returned the intensity. Setting her on the toilet, he turned on the spray, checked the temperature, then stripped off his own robe. Picking her up, he waited until she shrugged out of her robe then deposited her into the shower. Pressing her against the wall, he kissed her again and again while spraying her vulva with water. "Paolo," she moaned turned on again from the water's pressure on her clit.
Turning off the water, Paolo spun her around and tauntingly worked his renewed erection into her. Zibi panted as the familiar burn seized the muscles in her body. He bent over her back, wrapping her in his arms and thrust, drew back, and thrust. "Wanted this," he murmured, "Since I met you." She shuddered as another orgasm rose up from his reclaiming her channel.
Zibi panted throwing her own hips back to take him deeper. "Picked you. Your scent. The scarf."
"I still have yours," he puffed a laugh as he thrust, slipping one of his hands to her nipple to tease it.
Zibi's breath caught, "You naughty man."
"You have no idea," he laughed low.
When he started kissing, nibbling on her back, Zibi's orgasm rose rapidly. Then she seized and opened her mouth to scream. Paolo took her in a deep, passionate kiss. Releasing her from his kiss when he was ready, he snatched her hips close, wrapped his arms around them, and then ejaculated. Sans condom. Filling her again at the entrance to her womb.
When they separated, he kissed her again. And again when he helped her into Mic's spare bed. And again when Zibi told him, "You made me feel good on an awful day."
"Was so glad I could protect you," he murmured as Zibi slipped off to sleep, mistaking her meaning.


On Monday, Zibi smiled at Paolo when she walked into the bakery on her way to work.
"How did the move go?" he asked, handing her another prenatal vitamin and a breakfast sandwich.
Zibi smiled and raised his scarf to her nose while holding his gaze. "No problems." She was just starting to believe all the changes joining the church made in her life. Mic got her the camera footage from her challenge, and Zibi masturbated to her insemination several times afterward.
Paolo grinned. After 10 minutes, Zibi went to the bathroom, and he took a brief break. Two minutes later, Zibi was bent over, holding the bathroom sink as he pressed his special condom-lube combination into her. A minute of thrusting was all it took; he was bare and the remains of the condom were increasing her fertility if she wasn't already impregnated.
Paolo's breath hitched as he felt himself stretching her when he grew closer to erupting inside her. In, pause, out, and in. Pause. Out and in. As he thrust, he whispered, "Who are you going to fuck every morning before you go to work?"
"Paolo," she puffed as she rubbed her clitoris rapidly.
"Whose cock is making you feel this good?"
"Paolo," she softly moaned.
"We own you, beautiful," he gently bit her.
Tensing, her orgasm rising and curling deep in her womb, she assented, "I'm caught."
Paolo pressed deep, ordering, "Make yourself come."
Rubbing herself furiously, remembering her challenge, Zibi found her orgasmic bliss, "Oh!"
Her spasming channel sent him likewise over. Pumping, he filled his favorite breeder with his sperm.
As Zibi moved to straighten up, Paolo stopped her. "Hang on. Looks like the condom failed; I've got a diaphragm. It'll help you with the mess." Pulling out, he caught the excess ejaculate on the diaphragm, and pressed it back into her as he fitted the thing inside her, cupping everything against her cervix.
Zibi straightened back up and smiled at him in the mirror. "Kiss me," she ordered, "Or else I'll clean up the mess now."
Smiling sharply, Paolo couldn't wait for the next church meeting she attended. The woman was demanding to be shackled as he taught her who she was playing with.