Brent: A Christmas Miracle
Did she really think I wouldn't come for her? Did she think I'd let her go without a word? Did she not know how much I loved her?
I watched from the window as Tom slid that ring onto her finger. I had to act. This wasn't how I planned to save Ginny. I was going to wait until nightfall, call her, steal her away. But the despair on her face, she needed me now. I strapped my courage to my chest, and I went up to the front door.
Should I knock? No, there was no time. I tried the knob. It opened. I stepped in, looking both ways. A butler was farther down the corridor to the left. He spotted me, and I looked right, where all the noise was coming from.
I charged down the hall, passing tall windows on my right, and luxury rooms on my left, with so many pieces of antique furniture and sparkling chandeliers hanging overhead. There were Christmas decorations here and there, bows and bulbs and lights.
I saw the open room at the end of the hall, the people standing around a huge fireplace with a television set above it, and a big Christmas tree in the corner, all of them with drinks in their hand.
I stepped in the room and shouted, "Stop!"
Everyone jumped in surprise and looked at me. My eyes were on Ginny; her eyes were on me. Her face stretched wide, and her mouth hit the floor.
"Who the hell are you?" Thomas Sr. demanded.
"Brent!" Ginny gasped.
"Did you think I wouldn't fight for you?" I said to Ginny breathlessly. I looked at everyone. "My name is Brent Grayson, and I'm in love with Virginia Duclark!"
"Get out!" Diana screamed. "Get out of my house! Jonathan, get him out of here!"
"What on Earth is going on?" Jonathan said. "Who is this?"
Tom was on his feet, moving toward me. "You made a big mistake, fucker!" His eyes blazed with hatred.
"Ginny, come with me right now, and I'll take you away from all of this!" I said urgently.
The butler came up behind me. "Ma'am, I'm so sorry, he just barged in! Come along, young man!"
The butler grabbed my shoulder, but I shrugged him off. Tom was coming at me, his fists balled. My adrenaline was through the roof.
"Brent, go!" Ginny said. "Please just go!"
"She's not going anywhere with you!" Diana said.
"Harrison, call the police!" Olivia said. "This young man is going to jail! He's in violation of our restraining order!"
"Yes, ma'am!" the butler said from behind me, drawing out a cell phone and dialing.
"Ginny," I said desperately as Tom came closer, "it's now or never."
"It's never!" Diana screamed.
"What's going on here?" Jonathan said, stepping forward. "You're the young man my daughter was seeing? I want some answers."
"No!" Diana said. "I want him out of here! We won't listen to his lies!"
"Get out of our house, boy!" Olivia shouted. "Don't you dare say a word!"
I knew what they were afraid of, that I would talk about their silly ceremony or Olivia's indiscretion, but I wasn't there to humiliate them. "I'm only here because I love Ginny. Ginny and I met when--"
"You shut your mouth!" Diana shouted.
"When she came into my cafe," I said, looking at Diana and Olivia. "That's how we met, okay? That's it. I'm not a threat to you. She just came in for a coffee. We met, and we fell in love. I'm not here to hurt her, or any of you. I just want this family to give me a chance to be with her."
"Fuck you!" Tom swung his fist. I took it in the face, getting thrown down from the impact.
"Brent!" Ginny screamed.
"Whoa, Tom, whoa!" Jonathan shouted. "Tom, control your son!"
Ginny rushed to my side. Thomas Sr. grabbed his son's shoulder.
"Shut up, Jonathan!" Diana screamed. "Let him beat that little bastard senseless!"
Ginny held my face. "You sweet fool, what are you doing here?"
"I'm here to save you," I said. "Please."
"You can't save me," she said. "No one can save me."
Diana grabbed Ginny by the arm and lifted her off her feet.
"Harrison! Get him out of here!" Diana said.
"I'm on hold with the police," Harrison reported.
"Harrison, give me the phone and get him out of here!" Olivia ordered.
"I'm going to fucking kill him!" Tom shouted.
"I would like to speak to this boy!" Jonathan shouted.
"All right, enough, all of you!" Nana shouted, clapping her hands to get everyone's attention. "Harrison, hang up that phone. We don't need the police."
"Ma'am?"
"Mother!" Diana screamed.
"Quiet!" Nana snapped. "Harrison, do as I say."
"Yes, ma'am," he said, lowering the phone and ending the call.
"And go close the front door," she said. "You're letting the heat out."
"Mother, this man is a criminal!" Diana said.
"I told you to be quiet," Nana said.
"What the fuck is this?" Tom shouted, still raging, his father standing between him and me.
"Thomas," Nana said. "Calm your son."
"Tom, take a breath," Thomas Sr. said.
"Brent, is it?" Nana said. "Sit in that chair by the fire, and don't speak until you're spoken to."
"Ma'am, I... yes, ma'am," I said, bowing to her will. I climbed up off the floor, rubbing my jaw, and sat in the chair the woman directed.
"Mother," Olivia said, "we need to get him out of here now. You know why."
"I don't recall asking for your input, Olivia," Nana said. "We're going to sort this out right now." She directed her attention to Ginny. "Ginny, do you want to marry Tom?"
Ginny looked at her grandmother. "What?"
"It's a very simple question, dear. Do you want to marry Tom or not?"
"Nana," Matilda said, "we've already decided that question. They are going to marry."
Nana looked at her. "I don't think I asked you, Matilda. Now, you be quiet as well, and don't make me tell you again."
The woman closed her mouth. Her husband lifted his chin, coming up beside her.
"Don't you start either, Thomas," Nana said to him. She looked at Ginny again. "Ginny, what's your answer? You're keeping a lot of very impatient people waiting."
"No," Ginny said softly. "No, I don't."
"Ginny!" Tom said. "After everything we've been through--"
"You be quiet," Nana said.
"Hey, this is between us!" Tom argued.
"It should have been, but you cried to Mommy and Daddy to get your way, didn't you? That's enough of that. I've seen this sorry excuse for a relationship limp along long enough. For goodness' sake, boy, she doesn't like you. And you really don't like her. If you did, you wouldn't have slept with her cousin and a handful of other girls, would you?"
Quinn slunk farther down into her chair and covered her face. She seemed happy to be a spectator in this conversation. Her father was too for that matter. He took a sip of his brandy. I wondered if he remembered me from our brief meeting at the law office.
"All right then," Nana said. "You have your answer. I don't think you'll be staying for dessert, will you?"
"I want my ring back!" Tom said.
"Ginny, give him the ring."
Ginny slid it off her finger, and Tom snatched it away. He looked to his parents.
"I will not forget this insult," Thomas Sr. said.
"Oh, save your cute threats for someone who cares," Nana said.
Thomas Sr. stormed out and Tom followed. Matilda shook her head. "I am changing my name, Nana. I am no longer a Duclark."
"You were barely one to begin with, dear," Nana said.
And then they were gone. I started to feel hopeful. This little woman was a total boss, and she was fighting for me, or at least for Ginny. Maybe I had a chance. I watched her in awe.
Nana turned around to Olivia. "You put a restraining order on him?"
"Yes," she said, lifting her chin. "And he is violating it. He should be arrested."
"Did he hit Ginny? Did he threaten her?"
"He is threatening her by being here," Olivia said.
"Remove it after Christmas."
"Mother..."
"You're done here, Olivia. Go make sure my pies are warm for dessert."
"Huh? I am not going to the kitchen!"
"You are going to the kitchen, and you will stay there until I come get you."
"What, this, no!"
"That's enough," Nana said. "You're going to leave that boy alone, and you're going to stop bullying your niece."
Olivia looked meek for the first time. "Mother, I was only trying to protect her. Everything I did, I did for her, to be a good aunt, to give her a better life."
"I know, dear. You've always been a good sister to Diana, always helped her, even with her children, but you've done enough now. See about my pies."
"Yes, Mother," Olivia said, and to my astonishment, the woman obeyed.
Nana looked at Eric next. "Eric, did you know your wife has forbidden your daughter from dating a nice young man named Sergio? Did you know she made Quinn call him the other night and break up with him?"
"Grandma..." Quinn said softly. "What are you doing?"
Eric looked surprised. "I didn't even know she was dating anyone."
"Of course, you didn't, because you two don't talk." She looked around at Ginny and Quinn and Jonathan and Eric. "That's the problem with these two girls. Their mothers have them so terrified, that they think they can't talk to you, and you two dolts are so busy with work, you don't ask your daughters about their lives."
"Mother, that isn't fair," Diana said.
"You be quiet. I'll get to you in a moment," Nana said. "Quinn, take your father for a walk around the grounds. Why don't you tell him about your life a little? Your mother will always bully you if you let her, but you're wrong if you think no one will stand up for you. This man loves you every bit as much as she does, and he'll fight for you."
"Come on, Quinn," Eric said. "Why don't we have a talk?"
Quinn stood up, wiping her eyes. "Okay, Daddy." She hugged him. As they headed out of the room, she glanced at Ginny with a sympathetic smile.
Nana looked around at Jonathan, Diana, Ginny, and me.
"Well, that leaves the big problem of the night. Ginny, sit in the other chair by Brent. Diana and Jonathan, take the sofa. I'll sit here. Come on, come on, circle the wagons."
Everyone sat where she instructed, forming a messy circle.
"Oh, my hips. You people are giving me too much exercise." Nana sighed. "Jonathan, I take it you haven't met Brent before?"
"Not in person, no," he said, sitting back. "I heard she cheated on Tom with some boy. I guess this is the one."
"Is he, Ginny?"
"Yes," Ginny said softly.
"Nice to meet you, sir," I said awkwardly.
He gave me a look that was somewhere between loathing and frustration.
"Ginny, how did you two meet?" Nana asked.
"Mother!" Diana said.
"Quiet, let her answer," Nana said.
"Like Brent said, in a cafe." She looked at me, a small smile on her lips. "He made me the most amazing mocha cappuccino, and I knew I couldn't live without that coffee in my life."
I blushed.
"Won her heart through her stomach, was it?" Nana said. "And why are you here, Brent? Just popping in for dessert?"
"I wanted to talk to Ginny."
"And say what?" Nana said. "Ask her to turn her back on her family and run away with you? Something like that?"
"I, I guess, yeah."
"You little bastard," Diana said. "You really think you can take my daughter away from me? I will never let you--"
"Oh, calm down, Diana. If you hadn't locked up the girl, he wouldn't be here trying to save her." Nana looked at me. "Walked right into the dragon's lair, eh? I'll give you a point for courage."
"Mother! You don't actually approve of this boy, do you?"
"Of course not," Nana said. "We know nothing about him. But I'm willing to hear him out. Are you?"
"Of course not!"
"I think you should, Diana," Nana said. "Ginny, Jonathan, do you want to hear him out?"
"I want to know what's going on," Jonathan said. "Everyone's been keeping me in the dark about this young man, and I don't much appreciate it."
"Ginny?" Nana said.
"I just want my mother to give him a chance."
"Well, Diana?" Nana said. "Do you hate this boy so much?"
"Yes!"
"Why? Because he's a barista? I know you prefer tea, but it seems a bit extreme."
"Mother, enough jokes. You know why I don't like him. He's an insult to our family. He has no prospects, no education, no future."
"He's poor?" Nana said.
"Yes."
"Is that true, boy? Are you poor?"
I looked around. "I, I guess, yes."
"You know Jonathan's father was poor. He made his fortune in his parents' garage."
"Nana..." Jonathan said, sounding embarrassed.
"Oh, there's no shame. Your father was brilliant, and that's why my husband brought him into our business, but you've never known struggle like he did."
Jonathan cleared his throat. "I suppose not, but I've certainly made a name for myself."
"Indeed, and you did so after your father made a name for himself." She looked at me. "So, boy, what are your prospects? Or is this it for you, barista for life? Do you aspire to anything more? If you somehow won this family's approval, how would you enrich Ginny's life, other than love and sex?"
I looked at Ginny, who looked scared of my answer, scared of me screwing this up. "Well, I, I am actually a really good barista. You know, it's more than mixing coffee. It's an art. And speaking of art, I'm a really good artist. I draw a lot. Maybe I could make a career of it one day. I don't have all the answers, but I'm motivated, now more than ever."
Nana looked at Diana and Jonathan. "So, not totally hopeless, yes?"
"Mother," Diana said, "you know my objections."
"Oh, yes, well enough." Nana looked at me. "But he seems trustworthy so far. Are you trustworthy, boy? Are you here to shame this family?"
"Ma'am, I'm the one ashamed. I wish Ginny and I had a better start, but I don't care how we met, just that we did. I would never bring shame to her or this family. I want the best for her. I wouldn't be fighting for her if I didn't."
Jonathan sat forward. "I'm still catching up here. What are we talking about?"
"We're talking about how your daughter cheated on her boyfriend with this young man, and thoroughly humiliated our family in the process," Nana said.
"Oh, yes, well, that is a very ugly start," Jonathan said. "And he's certainly not from our circle. Honestly, I can't say I approve as it stands. We'll be the subject of gossip, her with this boy, with no family to speak of. As you said, Nana, it doesn't enrich her life or ours."
"Well said," Diana said, looking smug.
"Ginny, sweetheart," Nana said, "if you're going to stay quiet the entire evening, this young man's case is hopeless. Even he deserves better after gallivanting in here. Come now, tell us what you want. I know you're unaccustomed to standing up to your mother, but the moment is now or never."
Ginny looked nervous. I looked into her eyes, trying to give her strength. She took a breath to find her voice. "I just want my freedom. I want to choose what I want for my own life. I never wanted to date Tom. Both of you pushed me into a relationship with him over and over again, and then you planned that engagement behind my back."
"I am doing what is best for your future," Diana said. "You're a stupid girl who can't choose for herself. "
Ginny scoffed. "Do you see this, Nana?"
"You see the decisions she makes, Mother," Diana countered.
"Well, I let you choose Jonathan here, and you turned out fine," Nana said.
"I had a head on my shoulders," Diana said. "And I chose Jonathan well after his father had risen to the top of the company. You'll recall, we did not officially start dating until we were both in law school. He had a real mind for politics, and look at how much he has enriched our lives, a state senator. You think this boy has any hope of reaching the same heights? Of course not! But Virginia is so stupid, she can't see beyond her own selfish desires."
"Jesus, is that how you talk about your daughter?" I spoke up.
"Brent, no," Ginny said quickly.
"No, Ginny. You're not a chip in a fucking poker game to be gambled with. To enrich their lives, what the hell does that even mean?"
"You disrespectful little bastard," Diana said. "Don't you dare speak that way to me in our family home!"
"I'm not trying to be disrespectful, ma'am. I'm trying to understand why you're disrespectful to her," I shot back. "Let's just ask the real question. If we date, are you going to disown her?"
"Yes," Diana said immediately. She was staring daggers at me.
"That's fucking monstrous. She's your daughter."
"Brent, please," Ginny said.
"Brent," Nana said, "you're out of line now."
"No, you people don't get it. I buried both of my parents when I was eight. My grandmother's mind is lost to dementia. She looks at me like I'm a stranger, and it tears me apart. Family is important. You don't throw them away when you disagree with them. You have so much shit, all this money, but you can't appreciate something free, like your daughter. She loves you so much. Every time I tell her to stand up to you, she acts like a beaten puppy. She is so terrified of you, it sickens me, but still, she loves you, and values you, but you don't value her, and you don't respect her decisions."
Diana seethed. "You are a child. You have no idea the burden a mother has. Protecting her from someone like you is my priority. You don't love her. You just want to fuck her."
"That's bullshit!" I shot back.
"Hold on there, Diana," Nana said. "The young man makes a valid point. You are too dismissive of Ginny's decisions."
"Because her decisions are bad!" Diana returned.
"And if they are, how can she ever learn from them?" Nana asked. "Oh, how I watched you make one poor decision after another when you were her age, decisions I will not embarrass you with now, but I allowed you to make them, because we grow from our mistakes."
"Mother, with all due respect, I am Ginny's mother, not you," Diana said.
"And I'm yours," Nana said. "And I'm telling you to look around. You don't see Ophelia here, do you? You don't see Samuel, do you? You and your sister are alienating your children one by one."
Diana shook with anger. "Samuel is with his fiance's family this Christmas!"
"That was uncalled for, Nana," Jonathan said.
Nana looked back at Ginny. "Ginny, if your mother and father allowed you to make your own decision, would you really choose this boy? Knowing he would likely never enrich your life, knowing that he may never amount to more than a silly little artist? Would you really choose a mate that cannot offer you extravagance?"
Ginny looked at me, giving me a small smile. "Yes."
"'Yes,' isn't going to cut it," Nana said. "You convinced me today. Convince them that this isn't a fling. Help them understand why you're sneaking around. Are you ashamed?"
Ginny looked determined now. "No, of course not. It's not a fling. It was never a fling. We've been sneaking around because I was scared of her disowning me, cutting me off. I'm not ashamed of Brent, not at all. I'm ashamed of my family, if anything, because I know I'm not allowed to live my own life, and if I tried, I'd have to choose between Brent and all of you." Ginny paused while her mother stared her down. "I love him, Mother. I love him so much it hurts."
It was nice hearing that. It made me hopeful. Who could deny us now?
"It's unacceptable," Diana said. "You're only 18. You're too young to know what you want."
"God, that's so typical of you," Ginny said. "Just dismiss me, tell me I never know what I want."
"Now hold on, Ginny," Nana said. "She makes a fair point. You are young, still in school. You clearly have strong feelings for Brent. It's reasonable that your mother wants you to focus on your education, not a man."
"Yes, yes, exactly," Diana said, finally sounding victorious. "There's more important things to focus on."
"You were ready to marry me off!" Ginny said. "You didn't care if Tom interfered with my education."
"A very good point," Nana said, like she was scoring tennis. "Diana?"
"Tom was different," she said. "We could watch him, and we knew his family would support his education and yours. We don't know anything about this boy."
"Oh, please, you don't care about education," Ginny said. "You just want to introduce me at parties."
"You--! You are so disrespectful to me!" Diana said. "But the fact is, your father is a very important man, and having his daughter happily married would be far better for his image than her running around with fast food workers!"
"Diana, your argument sounds disingenuous," Nana said. "You're making restrictions for Brent that you would not make for Tom. But I do agree Ginny should focus on her education. Let's get to the point here. Under what circumstances are you willing to allow Ginny and Brent to date?"
"What? No circumstances, Mother, none," Diana said.
"Now you're being unreasonable. Get creative. I'm sure if he was worth a billion dollars, you would accept him."
"Oh, fine, yes, but he's not, is he?"
"Then negotiate," Nana said. "Ginny? What's your counteroffer?"
"I don't know. There's nothing she would accept."
"Not true. She would accept a billion dollars."
"Is that what this is?" I asked in disbelief. "Let the bidding begin?"
"Be quiet, Brent," Nana said. "You've made your case well enough. Let them negotiate."
I closed my mouth.
"I agree with him," Ginny said. "The fact that there is an actual number that would make you accept him is offensive, like I'm property you're selling off to the highest bidder."
"How about this?" Nana said. "Diana, you said you wanted Ginny to focus on her education. I agree that's important. What if she finished another year in school without seeing Brent? Would you let them meet again after a year?"
"A year? Of course not. And I'd have no way of knowing she wasn't sneaking around."
"Her grades would prove it. A year of perfect scores."
Ginny sat up a little straighter. "I could agree to that."
"And then you'd be distracted again. How ridiculous," Diana said.
"What if I maintained my grades?" Ginny came back.
"A fair counteroffer," Nana said.
Diana scoffed and bit down. Her eyes narrowed. "You want to earn the right to date him? You really want to?"
Ginny looked nervous. "Yes. What's your offer?"
"Six years," Diana said.
"What?" Ginny said.
"Finish your Bachelors with perfect scores, and then finish law school, and then pass the bar. If you still want to see this boy again in six years, I will reconsider it."
"Six years?" Ginny said. She sounded like she'd been gut punched.
"I agree," Jonathan spoke up. "That's fair. But only if he too has made something of himself. He said he is motivated to improve his situation. Let him prove it. If he is moderately successful in six years, and the two of them still want to date, we'll consider it then."
"Six years?" I said in disbelief. "Six years of probation and a performance-based maybe?"
"It's not right to put these conditions on us," Ginny said.
"It's something, Ginny," Nana said. "Do you have a counteroffer?"
"Three years, not six," Ginny said. "I'll finish my Bachelors, perfect scores, but not law school too."
"No," Diana said, sitting back in her chair, folding her arms. "He would distract you during law school. Six years. If you still want to see him again after all that time, so be it. But one B, even one, or one call to him, one time, one visit, and that 'maybe' becomes a 'never.'"
"This is so unfair," Ginny said.
"Ginny?" Nana said. "Another counteroffer?"
"I don't know. What other choice do I have?"
"None," Diana said. "And during the next six years, I will arrange dates for you. And you'll go on them, give them a fair chance."
"What?" I said. "This is ridiculous."
"Brent, quiet," Nana said. "Ginny must make this decision herself, and you must accept it."
I shook my head in protest.
Ginny took a breath. "What if you let Brent and I stay together now--"
"Out of the question," Diana said.
"Let me finish!" Ginny said.
"Let her finish, Diana," Nana said. "She listened to your proposal. Listen to hers. Go on, dear."
"We can be together right now, and I'll continue on in school, all the way through the bar, and if my grades slip, then and only then do I take your deal, six years until I can see him again. Can't I at least prove I can earn this? Or, or at least a year with perfect grades, then we can be together, and if they slip, same deal, Brent and I will take a break until I finish school. But no arranged dates. That's not negotiable."
"Are you done?" Diana said.
"Diana," Nana said, "negotiate in good faith with your daughter. Do not dismiss her counteroffer. Consider it, as she considered yours."
"I have negotiated in good faith," Diana said. "In fact, Virginia, you should be on your knees thanking me profusely for even entertaining this. You wish to be with this boy? The price is six years, perfect grades, not one moment of contact. Then you will be 24 years old, and if you wish to throw your life in the toilet, I will watch it swirl down the bowl. And, yes, there will be arranged dates."
Nana looked at Ginny. "It seems that's the final offer. Will you accept it?"
"Ginny..." I said.
"Be quiet, Brent," Nana warned me.
I tried to meet Ginny's eyes, but her head was down. Her eyes were watering.
"Ginny?" Nana said. "Do you accept your mother's terms? Think carefully before you answer."
She looked up. "Don't do this to me, Mother, please. I'm begging you. Don't take him away from me."
Virginia scoffed. "This is the thanks I get? So be it, the offer is rec--"
"I accept!" Ginny said. "I accept."
"Ginny!" I said.
"I'm sorry," she said, looking at me, her tears slipping down her cheeks. "It's something. It's hope. We can do it. I can do it. It's only six years."
Diana's chin lifted. Her smirk was plain on her face. She was looking right at me. "Now, boy, get the fuck out of my house."
"Oh, Diana," Nana said. "Have a modicum of sympathy for your daughter. Allow her to say her goodbyes."
Diana stood up. "Say them outside. I want him out of here."
"Ginny, escort him out and say your goodbyes," Nana said. "Come along, Diana. Let's find your sister."
Ginny wiped her face with the sleeves of her Christmas sweater. She didn't look at me, just climbed up and walked. I followed. The butler held the front door for us as we passed through.
Outside, the sky was dark. Colin was leaning against my car, formerly his. He was supposed to be my backup, not that he was much use in a fight, but he had promised to keep the engine running. He waved at us.
"Ginny, yoo-hoo!"
She waved back, wiping her nose. "Hi, Colin."
"Are you coming with us?" he asked.
"Colin, can you wait in the car?" I said.
"Oh, guess not," he said. "Love you, Ginny. Sorry the jailbreak failed. Stop by for a cappuccino sometime."
He got back in the car and watched us discreetly from the window. I could see Diana in the shadows of the curtains in the house. Ginny finally looked at me, digging her palms into her eyes.
"I can't stop crying," she said. "Is that your car?"
"Yes. I pawned a lot of stuff, bought it from Colin. In case you wanted to, you know, run away."
She gave me a sympathetic smile. "Beau."
"Six years? You're really going to agree to that?"
"What else can I do?" she said softly. "Maybe we really can just wait it out, you know? I'll study hard, all through school, and then pass the bar. You'll become an amazing barista, work on your art, maybe enroll in school somewhere, and then they won't be able to say no. I know I can get perfect scores. I know I can. I'm motivated now. Six years. It's not so long."
"It's long," I said. "Especially because it's not even a yes. It's a maybe, and if you think your mother will shrug and give up in six years, I don't think you know her as well as I do, and I've only just met her."
"Beau," she said, rubbing her face, "what do you want me to do?"
I stepped closer, taking her hand, holding it. "Run away with me."
"And quit school? See the world?"
"Yes!" I said sincerely. "We can drive, just drive, settle somewhere else, find some other school to go to, take out loans, study together all day, make love all night. The world can be ours tonight, right now, if you get in this car and leave with me."
Ginny looked from the car back to her giant house. "I can't."
"Ginny, please. I'm begging you."
"Listen, just listen. If I do everything, and in six years they say no to me again, I will run away. I don't care, I'll do it. But if they keep their word, we can have everything, a life together, a family, and all of this, whatever we want. We can make our own future."
"All of this?" I said in confusion. "I don't want any of this. I only want you. We can make our own future today! I'm promising you freedom tonight. They're telling you maybe you'll be free in six years."
"Brent, I can't go against my family."
"You can. Is money so important to you?"
"It's not about money."
"It is. I'm trying not to say it, but I'm thinking about it all the time. It is about money. It's like you don't know how to live without it, this security blanket. I have lived without it, Ginny. I swear, it's possible. It's scary, yeah, but it's life, and it's yours, not theirs."
"Brent, please. Is it so impossible for you to wait for me? It's just six years. I'll wait for you. Tell me you'll wait for me."
I'd lost. I knew it now. All I could do was surrender to her will and give her the choice. She had to make it herself. I reached into my pocket and took out the small envelope I'd prepared. I handed it to her.
"If you want me, I'm in this envelope. If you want me in six years..." I shrugged. "You know my number. But you realize this is it, right? Once I leave, you have to decide what you want to do, open the envelope or wait six years and pray for the outcome you want."
"Brent, please tell me you'll wait for me. Don't make me wonder. I can't do six years in prison if you're not waiting for me afterward."
I touched her cheek. "It'll take me a hundred years to get over you. So, yes, in six years I'll still be waiting for you. I hope you still want me."
"I will," she said softly. "I'm not going to date any other guys."
"Unless your mother finds someone new for you."
"Brent, I'm loyal to you. Be loyal to me. Don't fall in love, please."
I chuckled. "Way too late for that."
"You know what I mean."
"I do," I said.
"Can I have a hug goodbye?" she said.
I opened my arms to her. She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around my waist. I held her tightly. She sobbed out against my chest. I felt her nails digging into my flesh through my clothes.
"I don't want you to go," she said softly, sniveling. "I hate this so much."
"Me too."
She looked up at me. "I love you, you know?"
"I love you too, you know?" I said.
"Can I kiss you goodbye?" she asked.
I broke the embrace and took a step back. "If your mother sees, she'll make it 10 years."
Ginny lowered her head. "Is this really the last time we'll see each other?"
"I hope not," I said.
"I could find a way, sneak out and meet you in a few months."
"And risk losing me forever? Are you brave enough?" I asked.
"I don't know."
"I know," I said. "Goodbye, Ginny."
She wiped her eyes one last time. "Bye, Brent."