This story was written in two parts. One by me and the other from my wife's point of view. She and I often wrote these "love letters" to each other and now I want to share them with you. I hope that you enjoy the different accounts of the story. All characters are at least 18 years of age and consenting adults.
Holy Shit! She is totally pulling up her bikini and showing me her amazing ass cheeks. I have never seen a naked woman in real life. I mean, I've seen pictures and I've been with some girls in school, but not with a woman. Her body was so amazing. Her amazing tits with those eraser nipples pressing against the bathing suit top, her hourglass hips, and those athletic legs. Her ass cheeks looked so amazing that it was almost impossible for me to control myself. My cock was as hard as steel and pulsating as my heart raced to get as much blood down there as possible. I sat on the toilet and rubbed myself while I held the blinds back just enough to see the show.
Now she's taking off her top and rubbing lotion on her tits! I threw off what little bit of clothing that I had left on and got ready. I was stroking my cock wishing that Caroline was rubbing that lotion all over my shaft and balls. While I enjoy the show, I can't help but think that I have never seen such a hot woman before in my life. That includes the ones in the magazines. I wanted to savor every moment, so I was going nice and slow with my cock. This is so fucking amazing that I don't ever want it to end.
She's opening her legs and I think that I can see her pussy! She's putting her hand down there and playing with it!! I thought that only boys masturbated, obviously, I was wrong. She is so fucking hot, I can't believe it. She's working her pussy in a slow and methodical motion. It looked as though she was alternating between rubbing the clit and sticking her fingers deep inside her hole. I am in awe as I watch her pleasure herself.
I was in a euphoric state somewhere between dreaming and reality. I was dreaming that her fingers were my cock and I was pumping it in and out of her. I was imagining what it would look like as my swollen head and hard shaft slowly sank into her warm sweet hole. The pleasure as her pussy clinches my shaft enveloping it and grabbing it. I had visions of her wet pussy making sloppy noises while we cum together into a hot sweaty mass. With both of us trying to give and take as much physical pleasure as possible.
What would she be saying to me while we were doing it? Would she make little squeaky noises or low moans and that come from deep within her? In my dream-like state, I am an experienced lover who takes his time to discover what she wants, no, what she needs. I'm going make her forget that I am just in High School and I am going to be the best fuck of her life.
I snap out of my daydream when I hear her give out a moan. I knew that she was cuming and I had to have more. I thought to myself "What the fuck" Then I opened up the blinds and stood there completely naked for Caroline to see me jerking off for her. I was nervous as hell, but I was so fucking turned on, I would have run down there naked if she asked me to. I stood there pumping my cock with my fist for less than a minute when she opened her eyes and looked up right at me. Her face looked all confused. Like she wasn't sure if she was going to laugh, cry or scream. Then she arched up on the chair and furiously worked her pussy with one hand while hugging and pinching her tits with the other. She kept her eyes locked on mine while she moved into her sweet orgasm.
I felt as though her eyes were telling me that it was now time for me to join her in the orgasm. It was like she clicked the switch in my mind that started the amazing sequence. It was that familiar feeling, but this time it was far more intense and more exciting. It felt like every muscle in my body was clinching. My balls were drawn up tight against my body preparing to release. I then let out a deep guttural grunt as my cock begins to spasm. I began to twitch and sway as the first hot wave of cum erupts from my cock and shoots into long white ropes. My cum hit the lower panes of the window with an audible thump. The second and third spurts come on faster and harder than the first, continuing to coat the the window and inside window sill. After that, I feel as though my body now exists to provide as much pleasure as possible while it pumps load after load of cum on the floor. The whole time, our eyes were locked in the most intense stare ever, as I made a mess of the bathroom.
Oh my god! He just pulled up the blinds! I can't believe he is standing there jerking off right in front of me. Holy shit! Even from here, I can see how big his erection is. His hand is working furiously, pumping his cock hard and fast. I can't look away. He's looking right into my eyes as if daring me to look away.
I'm so turned on by the look on his face and watching him masturbate that I only work my hand harder as I jam my fingers in and out of my pussy. I spread my pink, swollen lips back so that he can see the wetness there. I am secretly hoping he runs down here to taste my juice. It's all I can do to keep myself from cumming right here and now, but I want to keep this show going a little longer.
I'm sure Danny has only been with high school girls who don't know how to really fuck and I want him to see what it can be like with someone who knows what she's doing. I lick my fingers and slowly start to rub the outer part of my asshole. I can tell by Danny's expression that this is really turning him on and that's EXACTLY what I want. I spread my butt cheeks apart so he can watch me push my finger into my ass. "Nothing like a little anal to turn a guy on" I think to myself. "Works every time!"
I am desperate to climax so I keep rubbing my clit and pumping in and out and all around. I reach up and squeeze my tits and frantically pinch my nipples as hard as I can. I can see Danny watching this as he bites on his lip. All I can think of is how much I want those lips on my pussy sucking me dry. I imagine him spreading my legs as wide apart as they can go and burying his face in my cunt. I bet he would be great at eating me out!
I am soaking wet now and so close to letting go. I arch my back and let out a moan as I dig deeper and deeper in my hole, reaching for that magic spot. The whole time, I am staring straight into Danny's eyes. When I orgasm, he sees and I know he is ready too. I watch as his hand works his cock harder and faster. I can see him grab for his balls and pull at them to help release. I hear him groan as he tilts his head. I watch his face as streams of his hot, white cream squirt out in spurts from his pulsating dick. God, how I want him to cum like that on me.
His load is endless and I wish I could drink it down. I want to rub his semen all over me and press his body against mine. If he only knew how turned on I was masturbating together. All I can think of is how great sex would be if jerking off together is so fucking hot! I know he's thinking the same thing as we stare at each other's nakedness, never turning our eyes away.
"Caroline?" Oh shit! It's mom calling. I quickly grab my bikini off the chaise and run around to the garage. I can feel drops of my own juice leaking out between my legs. By the time Mom comes into the garage, I am drinking a can of Pepsi and pretending to be looking for more sun lotion.
"Honey, I'm going to take a nap so will you please drop these clothes over at Danny's?" Hmmm, guess Mom and Mrs. Morgan had a little too much wine.
"Sure Mom" I say "But what happened to Mrs. Morgan?"
"She had to run to the airport to pick up Mr. Morgan and forgot to take this stuff with her."
I couldn't believe my luck! Not only was my mom going to be out of the picture for a while, but Danny had the house free for at least a couple hours while his mom was at the airport. Thank you god! I followed my mother into the house and heard the lock click on her bedroom door. I knew she be out cold in a matter of minutes. I walked down the hall to the bathroom and turned on the shower.
If I was going over to see Danny, I certainly wanted to freshen up. I stepped into the hot water and pulled the curtain closed. The steam from the shower and the heat from the spray was making me feel relaxed. I felt my whole body tingle. I reached for the soap and began to lather up. It felt good to wash the sun lotion off and my skin felt warm from a bit of sun. I was daydreaming about what had just happened with Danny when I thought I heard the bathroom door open.
"Mom? What do you want? I thought you were taking a nap." When she didn't answer, I figured she was just getting more aspirin from the medicine cabinet. I went back to my thoughts and couldn't get the vision of Danny out of my head. I couldn't believe he never once looked away the whole time we were outside masturbating. He was so intense. Almost as if something had clicked in his mind and he now knew what to do to please a woman. And I wanted to be the first one he tried his talents on, I knew that for sure!
I was still thinking about his rock-hard cock while I was rinsing the soap off my legs and vagina. I couldn't resist the urge to play with myself a little more while the hot water splashed all over my back and shoulders. I made sure to let the spray of the shower wash away any traces of earlier sex. I wanted to start "clean" when I went over to drop off the clothes.
The water was putting me into a trance as I dreamed of Danny and what I wanted him to do to me when I went over. I would put on my cut-offs and tank top and casually walk into his house without ringing the bell. He would be wearing jeans, no shirt and wet hair and would take my hand without saying a word and lead me upstairs to his room. We would rip our clothes off and within seconds, Danny Morgan would be fucking me hard on his bed
I had just closed my eyes and put my face toward the shower head when I felt a hand touch the small of my back. I almost let out a scream before his lips covered my mouth with a deep, full-on tongue, kiss. Instantly I snapped out of my trance and back into the glare of Danny's piercing eyes.