I got to the Hospital in one piece, although every bump in the road brought an acutely sharp pain to my abdomen. The Hamilton Hospital Emergency Unit was exactly what I expected it to be during a pandemic. I was met before even entering the door and asked by the screeners the COVID exposure questions. As soon as I got inside I wondered what the questions were even for. The waiting area was jammed with people hacking, coughing, and wheezing along with the usual sick and injured.
I turned to my step-sister Mandy and said, "You should go back home, this is nuts, and will take all night. I'll probably leave here with Coronavirus on top of everything else."
"Well, you'll only bring it back home to me then," she said. "If I am going to get it, might as well already be at the hospital and save the Uber fees."
This was her cute way of telling me she wasn't leaving. It was exactly the kind of thing Mom would say if she was here. I was secretly relieved to have her stay.
The waiting room had a registration desk where an expressionless older woman took our information. "Track 2," she said putting a bracelet on me.
Looking up at the screens, track 2 had an estimated wait time of 3 hours. "At least we're not track 3," Mandy said with a smile, pointing to the fact that their wait time was 8-10 hours.
I sat myself down in a loaner wheelchair, as there was no seating for two people left in the room. Mandy wheeled me over to face an empty seat that she sat on. To her left was a man with a bottle around his waist in a fanny pack that seemed to be attached to small hose that went up into his armpit area. To her right was a pregnant woman with her head back and eyes closed trying to somehow nap in this zoo.
"I have to pee," I said to Mandy with a sigh.
"Really? We just sat down," she said.
"Must have been the water you made me drink," I quipped, starting to get up.
"Don't move," she said looking around and spotting the bathroom doors. "I'll wheel you closer to the doors."
The men's room looked to be one of those open door deals where you went in, turned a corner around a semi-wall and there were private stalls and urinals, like you would find in an airport or shopping mall. When we got to the entrance sign she stopped and I tried to get up. The pain was getting much worse. Just standing now was agony. Mandy helped me out of the chair and I shuffled towards the bathroom. Before turning the corner I began to feel light headed and I had to stop and lean against the semi-wall.
"This is ridiculous," I heard from behind me as I felt her help prop me up and get me back to my chair. She eased me in. "You can't wait for hours to be seen, you are getting weaker by the minute."
"I'll take you into the disabled washroom," she said. "It's unisex, so I can at least be in there with you to pull you off the floor if you fall."
"Yeah, okay," I said reluctantly.
Mandy was able to wheel the chair right up to the toilet in the disabled washroom. She helped me stand and then pushed the chair directly behind my knees so if I fell back I would be able to sit right on the chair. "Okay, I'll turn around so you can do your thing," she said.
I lifted the lid, unzipped my fly and pulled out my penis as I have done my whole life. And then, I waited.
"Umm, shouldn't I be hear-," she started to say before I cut her off.
"Shut up, I am trying. Pretend you are not here if you want to be helpful," I said.
Finally after what seemed like an eternity I got a flow going. The release felt great but I was also starting to feel light headed again. I leaned forward placing the hand that wasn't holding my 'water-cannon' as Mom used to call it, against the wall. My knees started to buckle a little and I must have called out or something because the next second I was being propped up by Mandy.
"Just sit down!" she said firmly.
I was getting my faculties back after a quick blackout. I sat down on the chair and put my head back. I was in a cold sweat now. I must have momentarily passed out while taking a piss. In the process I had obviously peed on myself a little and my penis was still poking out the top of my wet fly area.
Mandy patted me down with those brown paper towels you find in public washrooms. I tried to help her but she slapped my hands away. "It's right there, I've seen it, and I can't un-see it, so just let me clean you up," she said shaking her head and mumbling something about men being babies.
She wet a towel and reached into my fly and gave my junk a quick wipe before tucking it back in and fumbling to get the fly shut. She wet another towel and put it on my head. We heard a knock on the door. "Sorry, just one more minute," she said to whoever was waiting. I closed my eyes, heard her wash and dry her hands before she backed me out of the washroom and back into the ER waiting area.
She left me in my chair and went directly to the nursing station, tapping on the door before walking right in. The glass door closed and I could see her walk up to a middle-aged woman in scrubs and talk to her, pointing to me through the door. She looked like she was being pretty demanding. "Quite the little sister I have," I thought.
After 20 minutes my name was called and I was asked to follow a nurse. Mandy wheeled me behind a curtained-off area that looked to be overflow of the main waiting room. It was at least a little quieter. She explained that this was kind of a triage area. She took my vitals and asked me about the pain. I told her it was worsening. She said she would start an IV line to keep me hydrated and would try and get me a gurney as soon as one was available. Mandy told her that she thought I had appendicitis.
The nurse asked if she could touch my belly before palpating me much more aggressively than Mandy had. "Certainly looks like appendicitis," she said. "I am going to see if we can get you into a temporary room while you wait to be examined by a Doctor."
I tensed my entire body when she started getting closer to the sore spot and let our a scream when she hit the mark. That was a first, I don't think I had ever screamed in pain before in my life. The nurse immediately got up and went into the nursing station and picked up the phone to call for something. She returned with an IV tap and said that they were going to move things along.
"I know you are 23, but with this pandemic we are short staffed, so we are going to send you to the paediatric emergency wing where they should be able to see you right away," she said.
An orderly wheeled over an IV stand and another nurse brought the saline bag to my nurse who got my drip going. Within a few minutes a gurney was brought for me and I was helped out of my wheel chair and onto it.
An orderly started pushing me down a hallway with Mandy trying to keep up at the side. The Children's wing was at the complete opposite side of the hospital, so it was hallway after hallway and two different elevators for some reason. Finally I found myself in a much more cheery waiting room with cartoon characters painted on the walls and colourful footprints on the ceiling. A nurse was waiting for us.
"And you are?,"she asked.
"I'm Mandy, his sister, well, step-sister I guess," she corrected. "This is Marcus."
"Hi Marcus, I'm Kelly, we're gonna get you into a room right away," she said taking over from the orderly and pushing me down another hall. Kelly was a young, perky nurse with a bouncy personality. It was obvious by her cadence and tone that she was used to dealing with younger patients. She was in baby-blue scrubs with a beluga whale pattern on them. She had a petite figure with a blond ponytail. She wore a giant surgical mask and a half shield as Covid PPE, but it did not hide the fact that she was definitely a cutie.
It wasn't long before I was in a small, bright yellow room with a small bed and a single chair. "The doctor will be in shortly. I'll leave the door and the screen open so we can hear you if you need us," she said turning and bouncing out the door.
"Okay, bye Kelly, Thank You!" I said in the sweetest voice I could must.
Mandy looked down at me with a devilish grin and mocked me quietly, "Bye Kelly" she joked, before making kissy-kissy noises. I laughed, having been caught crushing on Kelly a little. Laughing hurt, so I made a mental note to try and avoid it.
I looked up at Mandy,"sounds like you might have been right about the appendix," I said giving her full props for her first diagnosis. "So what do they do for appendicitis, it's surgery right?" I asked.
"I know you don't need an appendix, and I know it is often removed surgically in these cases, but I don't know if surgery is a last resort kinda thing," she said. "There might be some other treatments that they try first, I would really be guessing."
"A bad-ass scar wouldn't be so bad," I said. Mandy just shook her head.
A knock on the open door drew our attention, and an older male Doctor and two young clip-board carriers in lab coats followed him. The room felt really small now.
"Marcus is it?" he asked nodding to me first and then Mandy. "I'm Dr. Norris. I need you to lie flat on your back and raise you shirt for me," he said. He wasted no time working around my abdomen, he went straight for the spot. I lurched. He tugged my pants and waistband down exposing more of my torso and a lot more of my trimmed pubic area. At this point I was beyond bashfulness or modesty, I wanted to get this over with.
He reached into a cabinet and pulled out a bottle of clear lube or something like that and smeared a large circle onto the area. Kelly came back into the room wheeling a small machine in with her. At this point the room was getting claughstrophobic. Mandy said, "I'll give you some space and wait just outside," and got up to leave.
"No, no, I'm leaving. Just brought in the ultrasound machine," Kelly said with a song in her voice and she stepped out the room.
Dr. Norris turned on a black and white screen and proceeded to lay the tip of a wand that looked like a flattened toothbrush across the jellied area. I could see the screen as well as he could but I had no idea what I was looking at. He kept moving the wand, little by little with no expression at all on his face. Finally he removed the wand and gently gave my tummy a wipe before switching off the machine.
"Okay, looks like you have an inflamed appendix," he said. "It's a tiny little sack attached to your outer colon wall that often, in people your age, becomes infected causing the pain and fever that you have been experiencing. A complete rupture of the appendix can have serious repercussions and can even be life-threatening. The good news is that this is quite common, I bet some of your friends have had their appendixes removed," he said with a questioning tone. This was certainly a line he was used to asking the younger patients that are usually treated in this wing.
"Removal is generally the ideal solution and we can certainly do that if we have too," he said. "Unfortunately, the pandemic has us only performing surgeries if there are no other options. We are going to insert a tiny catheter through your abdomen, it's really just a small tube that we can place against the appendix that will slowly drain the puss from the inflammation. We will send you home with a regiment of antibiotics and set you up with some home care visits for the next week or so to make sure everything is working as it should. We will have you follow up with a clinical visit and we will reassess. You may still require surgery, but unfortunately this is the way we have to do things with the massive inflow of patients that the hospital is seeing these days. The pain should start to alleviate almost immediately when we get the drain in."
"Let's do it," I said.
"Okay, we'll get you prepped and go from there. Hopefully get you back in your own bed before too long," he said leaving the room. His students followed him, leaving Mandy and I alone in the room.
"Doesn't sound so bad," she said.
"I honestly don't care what they do to me at this point, as long as they do it soon," I said.
A young male nurse knocked on the door. "Hi, I have a gown for you to change into in," he said. He had a large white plastic bag with him as well. "Put all of your clothes, shoes, jewellery and your phone into this," he said handing it to me. "I'll be back for you in a few minutes."
"Yeah, okay," I said. "I need help though?"
"Oh," he said."Not a problem."
My sister stepped out of the room and the nurse closed a draw string curtain giving us some privacy. He slipped my shoes and socks off. I undid the button on my pants, opened the fly and started to shimmy them down over my hips. He took over and slipped them off for me. He helped me sit up a little and then lifted my shirt over my head. I laid back down."Lift your hips a little for me, he said grabbing the waistband of my boxers and sliding them all the way off my legs and feet in one smooth motion. He grabbed the gown and after flicking it open looked at me and said,"whoops, I guess you are going to need more than the standard child size we usually use here. I'll be right back." He stepped through the curtain leaving me in my birthday best on the gurney.
Mandy, seeing the nurse leave the room must have figured he was done and came back into the room and slipped behind the curtain. For the third time tonight, and in our lives for that matter, I was exposed to my sister.
"Sorry! Oh, my God" she said. "I swear I am not doing this on purpose. He left, so I thought you were dressed. Why aren't you dressed?"
"He brought me a kid's gown," I said. Mandy started laughing, while I continued to die a slow death of embarrassment.
The nurse returned and got the gown on me. He had a blanket with him as well that he covered me with. "Better late than never," I thought.
I am going to wheel you next door where they have set up for you. He looked at Mandy, "There is a bench in the hall where you can wait for him if you like. The procedure itself will only take 20 minutes or so, but he'll be groggy and have to wait to make sure the drain is working properly before we can discharge him. It might be a couple of hours," he said.
"Thanks," she said. She grabbed my hand and said she was going to call Mom. "You'll be fine, see you soon."
"Thanks for all your help tonight Mandy, I owe you big time," I said as I got wheeled out.
In the room next door I was greeting by a familiar face preparing various tools and opening sterile packets of swabs, and tubes and stuff. "Hey Marcus!" Kelly the nurse said.
"Hey!" I said.
"I am going to get you ready for the Doctor. We will be gentle with you and the pain will soon be gone! I'll be here with you the whole time, so don't be nervous," she said in her reassuring bedside manner voice that was clearly used to talking to kids.
"That sounds great," I said.
"First thing's first, take these," she said handing me two tablets and a small cup of water. "These are your antibiotics to help fight the infection."
I swallowed them down and handed her back the cup. She wheeled a metal tray beside me then stood over me methodically folding down the blanket that covered me to my knees. "She is a sweetheart," I thought checking her out in greater detail than before. She turned and walked to the counter and I got a nice view of her perfect little butt that scrubs, in their best attempt to hide, somehow accentuated.
"The drainage tube and the reservoir need to stick well to your belly," she said. "I am going to shave and clean the area so that we can make sure that they get a good seal with the bandage tape," she said. She returned to me with a pair of trimmers and a disposable razor. "I am going to lift up your gown a bit," she said exposing me up to my nipples. She did not seem to have any reaction to my exposed goods, or at least she was being very professional about hiding any reaction. I was average in size according to google and the amateur measuring attempts that all men do. I had always thought that my limp state was kind of impressive though. In locker rooms, where we secretly compare ourselves, I was never in the shrivelled state that some guys seemed to be. Kelly had got the blood flowing a bit too. I looked down and felt like my guy was making a good first impression, without making things awkward.
"Looks like you are already trimmed she said," struggling to adjust her trimmer. "Hmm," she said. "Sorry, don't use these things very often on our side of the hospital," she joked. Satisfied that she had it figured out she mad a few passes over me. She reached out and placed two gloved fingers on the base of my dick, protecting it as she trimmed a little closer. When she let her fingers go a little more blood was pumping and my dick flopped to the left rather than resting back between my legs. She applied some cool gel and shaved a much smaller area than she had trimmed, there was no need to touch me for this.
She opened some packets of what looked like moist towellettes, and wiped me down. She measured and marked a few dots with a marker on my skin, I assumed to help guide the Doctor. Even when she wasn't speaking she exuded pleasantness. I bet the kids she was used to caring for loved her. I couldn't imagine anyone being better suited for her job. I thought of Mandy doing this kind of thing. "She would definitely be better suited to dealing with adults," I thought.
"Just one more thing," Kelly said awkwardly. "We are going to give you a needle so you don't feel any pain in this area and flinch while the Doctor is trying to set the tube. It will also dull the nerves in your bladder, so you won't feel if you have to go pee. We can't have you peeing after we have got you all prepped, or worse while the procedure is taking place. I am going to have you wear one of these," she said holding what looked like partially unrolled condom with a tube attached to it. "It's a catheter that slips onto your penis to catch any peepee that might come out accidentally."
"Wow," I said. "Do whatever you have to do I guess."
"Don't worry, I brought an adult size," she giggled. I guess the gown mixup had been the laugh around the nurses station.
She reached down and lifted my dick up with two fingers, sitting the catheter on the top like a toque. "This is a lot easier when they are circumcised like this," she said.
With both sets of fingers now she stretched open the bottom of the catheter and tried to slip it on. She let go a little too early and it popped off on the first try. The attention was getting the blood flowing, I was chubbing up for sure for her second attempt. "Don't worry about that," she said noticing. "In fact it might make this a whole lot easier," giving me a light squeeze.
That was all it took. With every beat of my heart I could see my dick lifting from her fingers towards the ceiling. She laughed and slipped the catheter on easily this time. My hard on was at full mast for Kelly now, although, not at all attractive with this ugly hat on it. She lifted the blanket back over me and said, "We'll let that settle down a bit before I try and tape it to your leg."
She hooked up a urine pouch to the end of the tube and hung it onto the side of the bed and started to tidy up. She small-talked with me about work, weather, and stuff, clearly trying to get may attention off the peak in the bed sheet that she had caused.
"I'm sorry about this. So awkward," I said sheepishly.
"Don't be silly," she said. "I'll finally have a story to share with my friends who are always asking me about working with penises!" she laughed. "Sorry, that sounded really unprofessional, but girls talk, and I haven't had a good looking patient my age since my internship a few years ago."
"It's okay," I said laughing. "As long as you don't tell them my name."
"Of course not," she smiled. "Looks like we might be making progress," she said pointing to the subsiding bed sheet.
She picked up a roll of white tape and stood over me again, peeling back the bed sheet. She grabbed my penis and rested it against on my left leg. As she unrolled some tape, it started showing some signs of liftoff again. "Better use lots of tape on this fella she said!" taping it to my leg and pulling the sheet up quickly.
"Sorry," I apologized again. "You are very cute and got me going."
"Well... thank you," she said, clearly blushing. "Shouldn't be long," and she left the room a little flustered.
"Good looking patient her age, eh?" I thought to myself. "Nice!"
To be continued...