This is related to the Sandra, the IT Exhibitionist series, though not part of the chronology. It is a work of fiction, and any similarities to any real person or entity are entirely coincidental and unintended.

_____________________


Late June, Last Year

"WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND, TARA?"
Since she had arrived that afternoon, Sandra's 18-year-old niece seemed distracted. Her enthusiasm on greeting Sandra felt forced, her responses to their usual banter stilted, and her conversation lethargic. This did not bode well for their three-day weekend, so Sandra decided at dinner to be direct as they waited for coffee and dessert.
Tara looked around the restaurant, pulled something out of her pocket, and took a deep breath. "Is this you?" she asked and put a photograph on the table.
Sandra's face got hot, her throat tightened, and her heart pounded as she looked at the picture of a woman in black lingerie with her tits exposed, her legs pulled up and open, and her pussy and asshole fully exposed. Though the top of her head and eyes were cropped out for the sake of anonymity, she was smiling gleefully.
Sandra knew there was no point in denying it, but she had to clear her throat before she could croak, "Yes."
Tara flipped the picture over as the server approached, and Sandra was surprised to see her niece break into a big smile. She had been expecting disgust or outrage.
"I"m so relieved," Tara said. "I wanted to ask you as soon as I thought it was you, but I was afraid how you might react."
"What's going on?"
Tara leaned forward conspiratorially. "After graduation, during beach week, some of us got drunk one night. It was my first time, and I was really sick the next day. But apparently three of us made a deal to post sexy pictures of ourselves on Reddit or some place like that. Anyway, when my friend Jennifer reminded me of this... or told me about it, since I didn't really remember... I started looking around the site, to see what I had got myself into."
She lowered her voice even further. "There are some really sexy stuff there. I was getting turned on. Then I saw this picture and something seemed familiar. I finally realized, 'That's Aunt Sandy's smile and jaw line!' I clicked around till I found your main page. You've got a lot of pictures up. Some part of you is always cropped out, but I could tell, by the way you stood, the way you cock your left wrist, your smile, even your rings, that it was you."
"You haven't told anybody else, have you?"
"God, no," Tara said a bit too loudly. She leaned forward. "You mean Mom, who won't let me wear a bikini? Or Dad, who might pass out at the thought that I let Kevin Marston run his hand up my blouse and touch my breast? No, this is my secret, and I'm hanging onto it."
Sandra chuckled. "How about we head back home?" she said to Tara. "We have the place to ourselves tonight, and I can fill you in on some more secrets."
On the way back to the house, Tara talked about her summer plans, going to college, her annoyance with her parents. Sandra let her talk, enjoying the rapport they had. Tara had been born at this point in Sandra's life, just as she was heading to college. She had not paid much attention to her new niece during the first four years, while she was off studying, playing, and being introduced to sex and the thrill of exhibitionism. When she moved back home after graduation, she spent more time with Tara, who had become more interesting by age five.
When Sandra married Jerry almost five years later, Tara was old enough to be part of the wedding party, and she visited them in their new home, two states away, as they started their own family and business. By this time, Sandra was the 'cool aunt,' a welcome relief from her stodgy parents.
Nine years younger than her brother Andrew, Sandra was a late-life surprise to their parents. Andrew did not have much to do with her as he made his way through high school and college. Since her parents were usually ten years older than her friends' parents, she spent more time with other families. As a result, she was somewhat of a tomboy, much to her mother's consternation.
They both were laughing at something Tara had said when Sandra pulled into her driveway. "I have a question," Sandra said, resting her hand on Tara's. "Are you thinking of posting these pictures because you want to, or because some friends pushed you into it when you were drunk?"
Tara smiled. "At first, I wasn't sure. I got more excited as I saw what other people had done, and I had pretty much made up my mind to do it when I came across your pictures. That pushed me over the edge. Even though we can't see your whole face, you just look so confident and like you're having so much fun, and I thought, I want to be like that."
"You aren't trying to compete with me, are you?"
Tara shrugged. "Maybe a little. Maybe I want to impress you. But mostly, I just want to have fun, and posting sneaky sexy pictures of myself looks like fun."
Sandra gave her a big smile and said, "Okay, let me show you some of what I've done."
"I WAS SQUEAKY CLEAN when I left for college," Sandra said as she plugged the external hard drive into the laptop. They were propped up on pillows in the master bedroom. "I mean, I'd been named county fair queen the fall before. Your grandad was so proud. In college, I was meeting all sorts of new people. At first, I was really nervous about getting undressed for showers, sports, or anything. There were a couple girls on my floor who were more comfortable with themselves. One of them would walk down the hall naked to take a shower, even if there was a chance a guy could be on the floor. About midway through freshman year, this girl, Audrey, dared me to join her, and I did. It was such a rush, I never went back."
With Tara beside her, she was scrolling through pictures of herself at 18 in bikinis, tight shorts and t-shirts, and sexy lingerie. Sometimes she was topless or even naked seen from behind. "These were from the end of freshman year, when I hung out with Audrey," she said, showing her a picture of a girl with long brown hair and small tits, sitting naked with her legs crossed and pulling her white thong panties off her foot. "She kept daring me to get naked, then took pictures of me. Before long, I didn't have to be dared."
She opened several pictures of herself with Audrey and another girl, the three of them in thongs. "A photographer girlfriend of hers took these pictures." In one, they were lying side by side on the bed, their round asses lined up in a row. In another, Audrey in the middle had her arms around the others, their tits all pressed together.
Sandra noticed that Tara had been shifting slightly as she showed her the pictures, and she wondered if her niece was getting turned on. The thought triggered a little reaction in her own pussy, and she tried to discreetly rub her legs together.
"So this third girl, Jessica" she went on, pointing to the blonde, "she and I became good friends, and I hung out with her during our second year much more than I did with Audrey."
Tara nestled closer to Sandra, leaning against her arm. "She looks kind of slutty."
"She does," Sandra giggled, "and she had that reputation. Truth be known, though, my behavior became a lot sluttier than hers."
"How so?" Tara asked as one hand slid down to her crotch, where it seemed to lightly explore the mound beneath her slacks. Sandra noticed, even as she scrolled through pictures of hearself and Jessica in thongs, lingerie, slutty Easter bunny outfits, wrapped in towels, and kissing and hugging each other. "Jessica always kept her tits and pussy covered," she said, "while I was always ready to get naked. These were with a student photographer." She switched to pictures of herself against a red background, topless in shorts, then a thong, then naked. Tara was breathing more heavily and leaning more against Sandra, who clicked open the next picture.
It was the same pose she had just shown, kneeling in a thong, her tits on display, her long brown hair combed over one shoulder. This time, though, a guy in torn jeans was standing in front of her, and Sandra had his cock in her mouth. Tara gasped. "Aunt Sandy! You're... You're... You're... "
"I'm sucking the photographer's cock," she said, leaning over Tara. "That became my signature as a model, blowing the photographer and his assistant, at least if he had one and he was male. I became very popular among the student photographers."
Tara gasped, as her hand pressed against her pussy. "Did they cum on you?"
"I always wanted to get them to cum, and after a while I wanted to swallow their load. Sometimes, there was too much, and I coughed some out, but for the most part, I sucked them all dry."
Tara was speechless, both because of her aunt's revelation and because of the sensations running through her pussy. Sandra put the laptop to the side and leaned toward her, unbuttoning her slacks as she did so. "You know what would make this easier?" she whispered. "If we took our slacks off and just lay around in our panties." Tara's eyes went even wider as Sandra lifted up her butt and slid her pants down her legs.
"It's okay to get comfortable," Sandra told her. "I've got some more pics to show you."
Tara was looking at the wet spot on her aunt's panties, and, in a state of amazed disbelief, she slid her jeans down her legs, revealing her pale yellow bikini panties.
"This gets us to the end of sophomore year. Jessica and I went to a lot of parties, usually dressing in our sluttiest outfits, though we often wound up leaving separately with different guys. Sometimes, though, this happened." She opened a picture of herself in bra and panties, lying on a couch. "I'd get drunk and pass out on the couch in my underwear, and half the time I'd wake up with even less on. Sometimes, guys would unhook my bra to expose my tits, sometimes they'd pull my panties down, all for a good laugh, at least for them. One time, I woke up stark naked in a room full of guys, all of whom claimed to have no idea where my clothes were." Tara's eyes grew large, and her hand moved under her panties to rub her clit. "So I said I would walk home and, if I got caught, I'd just say they stole my clothes. That made them nervous, so they all escorted me home." She laughed. "A couple guys offered to stay to make sure I was okay. I politely told them to fuck off."
Tara had tilted her head back on the pillow, and her eyes were glassy as she rubbed her pussy more frenetically. Sandra watched her, gently rubbing her own pussy as she saw her niece so consumed by passion. Then Tara gasped, and her body tightened as waves of orgasm shot through her. She twitched three or four times, her body went slack, and she sank into the pillows.
After a few minutes, she looked at Sandra somewhat sheepishly. Sandra leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips. Tara responded warmly. Sandra's hand slid up her niece's shirt and over her bra-covered tit. Their legs intertwined as they shifted against each other.
After a few minutes, Sandra said, "How about we take a little break in the hot tub?"
"Okay," Tara whispered, though not sure what she was agreeing to. Sandra stood up and pulled off her top and freed her tits. She helped Tara stand, then began pulling off her top. Tara lifted her arms to get it off and reached back to unhook her bra.
"Shall I get my bathing suit?" a little confused as she watched Sandra slide her thong down her legs and stand there stark naked.
"No need," she said, " we'll be in the dark." She gathered up her laptop and headed toward the door. "Come along."
Tara stepped out of her panties and followed, unable to take her eyes off Sandra's ass as it swayed along. "I love your ass," she said with a giggle, just before they got outside.
Sandra looked back over her shoulder. "I love my fat little ass!" She squeezed a butt cheek with her free hand and, spreading her legs, bent forward to show off her thick pussy lips. She shook her ass a little more, then put her arm around Tara and gave her a hug as she led her out to the pool. The warm evening air tickled their nipples and wet pussy lips. Sandra helped Tara into the hot tub and set the laptop on a chair. "I'm going to put this on a slow slide show and talk about what comes up.... Or ignore it, if we get distracted." She got in, turned the jets on gentle, and sat next to Tara, giving her a little kiss as she stretched out.
Tara rested her head on Sandra's shoulder and let her hand drift over her aunt's tight abdomen. She listened to her talking about lingerie modeling, school and parties, dating, dares. She stroked Sandra's tits as she watched the changing pictures on the laptop, Sandra topless or naked, getting her tits painted in a bar, wearing a duct tape bra, or playing naked in the rain.
"Did you ever turn down a dare?" she murmured as she explored the contrast between the soft roundness of Sandra's tit and the tightness of her nipple.
"Rarely." A picture popped up of her nude in what looked like an abandoned building. "Oh, yeah, this was the year of the nude art project. I volunteered for several. There was one--oh, there it is--where some of us got covered in gold paint and held different poses in an arty cafe. We only held the poses for ten seconds before a blackout, but that was hard because I knew so many people, including friends and classmates, were getting a clear view of my open pussy. One time, my pussy was so wet, I started wondering if it would glisten in the light. That turned me on even more."
Tara's hand drifted down and started stroking Sandra's mound. "Did you have sex after these art shows?" Under the water, she began exploring the folds and thicknesses between Sandra's legs.
Sandra moaned, and her voice became as quiet as Tara's. "A couple times. Mostly, I just got back to my room and got myself off with some of my toys."
"Toys?"
"I'll show you later." Her voice drifted off to a soft moan as Tara's fingers loosened more of her thick folds. They lay there quietly together, enjoying the feel of each other's body as the slide show continued with scenes of Sandra and a tall brunette modeling and then in bikini bottoms and body paint at an outdoor festival. "Mmmm," Sandra murmured, "that girl stole my boyfriend. I think she was mad that I had got her to pose nude."
"What are those numbers on your arm?" Tara asked after glancing at the screen.
Sandra's answer almost got lost in a moan when Tara landed on her clit and stroked it lightly. "Aaaaughh... graduating class, 2011." She was twisting under Tara's arm as a few more pictures of the tall brunette scrolled by, then a new series switched to a bedroom where Sandra and another girl were kissing either side of a stiff cock.
Sandra jumped up and shouted, "Not that one, I didn't mean to show..."
"Whoa, look at that!" Tara whooped with delight and tightened her hold on Sandra. "Leave it. I want to see this."
"Tara, no. I hadn't meant to show you that one. If your dad found out... "
"I'm not going to tell him," Tara shot back, "and neither are you." Even though she knew Sandra was probably stronger, she used her greater height to hold her down. "Besides, I've already seen one picture of you sucking a guy's cock."
Sandra relaxed, shook the water off her hand, and backed up the slide show by a few slides.
"This was the end of junior year," she said quietly as she snuggled back up against Tara. "That girl Heather, who I said stole my boyfriend, made a public stink that I had forced her to pose nude. So I backed off from public stuff and was sort of adrift when this girl, Anne, came along. She was friends with a guy who wanted to take some erotic pictures. She knew my reputation, so she asked and we did. They were pretty tame, but they led to this threesome with her boyfriend, with the photographer making four."
Tara's hand had drifted back onto her aunt's pussy, and Sandra opened her legs to give her freer access. "It was really fun sharing her boyfriend's cock with her. I had never done that before. The photographer, Frank, took a lot of pictures till the boyfriend came on our faces, and we ate it and licked each other clean."
Tara moaned, and Sandra saw that she had started rubbing her own pussy again. She turned toward her and ran her hand over her niece's tits and stomach. "Frank didn't get pictures of that, since by then he was stroking himself. I noticed that Chris, Anne's boyfriend, was looking at me, but that Anne looked worried, like I was about to steal him from her. So I crawled over to Frank and started kissing him. Pretty soon, we were fucking, and I looked over to see that Chris had Anne on her side and was pounding his cock into her."
Tara was struggling to control her rubbing, to keep from cumming too soon. Sandra snuggled next to her under the water and spoke softly. "Frank and I came fairly soon, and we got dressed and headed out. Chris was still pounding Anne, and she didn't look all that happy, but I was done. I never saw her much after that. Frank sent me the pictures he had taken, and we met up a couple times. I broke up with him when he was trying to make a porn film on campus."
"Oh, fuck, Sandy, ffffuuucccckkkkk. I'm cummmmming!" Sandra held her niece tight as she thrashed in the hot tub, splashing water up onto the deck. Tara dug her nails into Sandra's arms and held onto her until the orgasm passed over her. After a few minutes, Sandra felt her relax.
"So that was junior year," Tara mumbled. "What was senior year like?"
Sandra laughed. "I think it's time we headed to bed. We can continue this later." Tara let Sandra guide her, getting her out of the hot tub, drying her off, then wrapping the towel around her, and led her to the master bedroom. She helped her into bed and slid in next to her. Tara was asleep within seconds, and Sandra followed not much later.
THE LIGHTS WERE STILL ON when Sandra woke up a couple hours later. Tara was propped up against the pillows, with the sheet up to her shoulders. It took Sandra a moment to remember what had happened, then she smiled at Tara. "Hi, sweetie," she said and reached out her hand. Tara kissed it and said, "Hi, aunt Sandy."
Sandra did not let anybody else call her Sandy. It was a term of affection just between them, but there seemed to be some seriousness or reserve in the way Tara said it. "Something wrong?"
Tara sighed. "I was lying here thinking about the girl you had a threesome with and how you didn't have anything to do with each other after that night. I don't want that to happen to us. I don't want us to drift apart because we had sex together."
Sandra sat up. "We have far more between us already, it's not going to take one or two crazy nights to ruin that. With Anne, there was nothing to lose. You and I just have to be honest with each other. If you get scared or worried, please promise me you'll say something. You know you can always talk to me about anything."
Tara put her arms around Sandra and hugged her tight. Sandra let her head rest on her niece's shoulder. She cupped her hand under one of her tits, and they both relaxed into the mold of each other's body. This was just bliss, she thought, as she floated on the mingling sensations.
After a while, Tara mumbled, "So what was senior year like?"
"Pretty tame in comparison," Sandra chuckled. "I concentrated on graduation. Still went to parties and carried out a few dares, but not much compared to previously. That summer, though...." She seemed to drift away. "What?" Tara asked after a few minutes of silence.
"I stayed in town that summer before senior year because of a job. Three other girls and I rented a house. As soon as classes were over, we spent some time fixing it up. One day, one of the girls dared me to paint naked, so I did. I'll show you the pictures one day." She laughed. "Mostly, though, that was the summer... That was the summer of my black lover."
Sandra settled herself more comfortably. "I knew him from the track team. Turned out he was in town that summer too, and we'd occasionally meet for coffee or lunch. One day, I told him my roommates were all away for most of the week, and he invited himself over the next day. I had no idea...." She drifted off into thought, then climbed over Tara to get to the other side of the bed. "Usually, when I replay this memory for myself, I have some help." She opened the middle drawer of the bedside table and pulled out a large black dildo.
"That looks so real," Tara said in amazement as she reached out to touch it.
"It feels very lifelike too." Sandra held it as Tara ran her fingertips over the textured skin, the raised veins, and the brown head. Then she leaned forward and ran her tongue along the side of the shaft. Tara giggled.
Sandra climbed back to her original spot. She held the dildo in her lap and gently ran her fingers along it as she spoke. "He showed up around 11 and immediately wrapped his arms around me, kissed me, and carried me into the living room. I felt his hard cock pressing through his shorts as he maneuvered me onto the couch. I just had on shorts and a t-shirt, so I was naked in no time. It only took me a few seconds to rip his clothes off."
She increased the pace of her fingertips along the long, dark shaft.
"We made out on the couch, exploring each other's body. I loved seeing my white fingers against his dark brown skin." She drew the cock toward her mouth and licked the tip.
"Pretty soon, he wrapped his arms around me and whispered, 'Bedroom.' I directed him to one of my roommate's rooms, since it had a bigger bed." She touched the cock to her cheek and started to move it down her neck, over her little tits and tight stomach, and down to her wet, throbbing pussy. Tara rested her head on her aunt's shoulder and reached down to her own pussy.
"He put me down on the bed and started kissing down my body till he reached my pussy. He took his time, licking me, sucking on my thick curtains, exploring me with his tongue and fingers. Nobody had ever spent so much time licking and probing my pussy, I felt like a gourmet meal. Then he planted his lips right on my swollen clit, and I almost exploded."
She twitched suddenly as her own thumb rubbed her clit.
"I wanted to cum, but I also didn't want this to end too soon. He sensed I was close and backed off, letting me catch my breath. Then he indicated I should take his long black shaft into my mouth."
She lifted the dildo and acted out her narration, interrupting the flow of words as she re-enacted her experience.
"He filled my throat more quickly than I had ever experienced, and I was frightened, yet did not want to let him go. He pushed into me for a little, tickling my throat, and I was struggling to take him in, when I felt him pull out. He was close to cumming."
She lay back and opened her legs wide. "I lay spread out before him." She moved the dildo down her body and started to press it against her slit. "I felt the pressure of his tip against me, and he slowly slid in, letting me savor every inch. When I thought he was in as far as he would go, he kept going, though making sure nothing hurt me and that I was getting the most out of him."
Her words were getting lost in the gasps and moans coming from deep in her throat as the dildo filled her pussy. Tara was lying next to her, looking straight at the black shaft riding in and out of her. Suddenly, Sandra rolled over, shifting onto her knees to ride the dildo hard.
"He rolled over, pulling me with him so I was on top, and my weight was pushing his cock further into me. After I rode him for a few minutes, he sat up and pulled my body against him. I soon lost all control. This sent him over the edge, and his cock swelled up even more inside my tender cunt until it blasted into me."
She growled into the pillow, her shouting muffled as the dildo triggered every nerve ending in and around her core. She quivered as she gave it a few final thrusts, then she fell to the side, exhausted. Tara's head lay back against the edge of the bed as her fingers pumped her pussy and rubbed her clit, and she came loudly next to her aunt.
They lay quietly for several minutes, slowly catching their breath. Sandra flinched one last time as she pulled the dildo out. Finally, Tara turned herself around and whispered, "That was amazing."
Sandra nodded. "We got together three other times that week, each time just as hot. Then my roommates started coming back, and we both got involved in other things. Ultimately, before the end of the summer, he left for another job and transferred to another school, and I had to get ready for senior year."
She rolled over to kiss Tara. "The week remains a magical moment." She licked her juices off her fingers, then brought the dildo up between the two of them. She kissed it, then told Tara, "Have a taste." Together, they licked each side of the black shaft.
Sandra snuggled as close as she could to Tara. "Tomorrow, we'll go shopping for some toys for you. I think every girl should start college with a basic kit. You just have to promise to keep them hidden from your parents." Tara wrapped her arms around Sandra and pulled her as tight as she could. They were kissing, their tongues probing deeper into each other's mouth. Finally, Sandra tossed the dildo onto the bedside table and reached over to turn out the light. "How about we try for some sleep?" she said and pulled up the covers. Tara felt as though she were too wired to go to sleep, but as Sandra settled down in the dark, so did she, and soon they drifted off, tightly wrapped in each other's arms.
THEY WOKE UP to a room full of sunlight. When they got out of bed, after several minutes of kissing and hugging, Sandra realized that they had left the curtains open and some lights on in the rest of the house. "I wonder if any of the neighbors enjoyed the show," she chuckled.
After a naked breakfast, they took a longer shower than usual, since they spent at least as much time playing with each other's body as they did washing. Then Tara asked Sandra to help her shave her pussy, and that took some time for instruction. By the time they were dried off and dressed, most of the morning had passed. So Sandra drove them downtown, where they had a nice lunch, then went to the sex store, where Tara was overwhelmed by the choice and diversity of toys, things she had never even imagined.
Sandra wound up buying her a natural-looking dildo, a vibrator, a clit sucker, and a set of butt plugs, even though she told Tara, "I don't do anal, but if you want to give it a try, go ahead." She also got her some lube, a set of crotchless thong panties, and a carrying case for it all.
Shortly after they got back, Jerry returned from his parents with their two children, who were delighted to see their aunt Tara. As soon as the kids put their things away in their rooms, Tara took them outside to play. After they got back, she spent time with uncle Jerry to catch up, then they had dinner. When the time came, she helped Sandra get the kids ready for bed. She read them a couple stories and hung out with Jerry till Sandra had finished putting them to sleep.
"Want to spend a little time in the hot tub?" Sandra asked when she got back.
"I think I'll head to my room," Tara said, "read a bit and call it an early night."
She gave Sandra a sedate good-night kiss and waved to Jerry, then headed down the hall. After closing the door, she got the bag from the sex store and dumped the contents out on her bed. She spread them out and started to get acquainted with her new kit. She set the package of crotchless panties and the lube off to one side, then lined up the dildo, vibrator, clit sucker, and butt plugs in a row. Looking at them, she was already feelings sensations in her pussy.
Even the descriptions were turning her on: "bendable dong with balls, hard inner layer and lifelike outer skin with a veined texture"... "smaller but just as powerful, stimulate your erogenous zones, 7 powerful vibration modes"... "uses suction to stimulate the clitoris, powered by 9 vibrating suction modes." She realized that the last two toys had to be charged before she could use them, so she plugged them in and turned to the dildo.
Unpacking it, she turned it over and over in her hands, stroking it. It felt soft to the touch, and when she squeezed it, there was a definite hardness at its core. She felt giddy at touching the veins that ran along the side and the knob at the head. Remembering how Aunt Sandy had urged her to lick the juices off her black dildo, she ran her tongue along the full length of the shaft and licked around the head. She giggled at what felt like naughty boldness and felt more twitching in her pussy. She was becoming completely entranced with the dildo and felt fantasies building in her head. For a moment, though, she set it down and stood up.
Looking at herself in the room's full-length mirror, she started thinking about the challenge to post sexy pictures of herself on line. Watching her reflection as though she was watching someone else, she slowly lifted her shirt up and tossed it to the side, then tossed her bra after it. She watched her tits sway as she moved her shoulders from side to side. She cupped her hands under them and lifted them up while pushing them together. "Kevin Marston, eat your heart out," she thought as she bent her head down to lick her nipples. She giggled as she realized that Kevin may have cum in his pants when he finally reached her bare tit under her bra. Next time, she thought, if there is a next time for him, she might just reach into his pants and get him to cum in her hand.
She kicked off her sandals and slid her pants down. "Those panties are not very sexy," she thought. The waistband covered her navel, so she rolled it down till they looked more like a bikini bottom, though the rolled thickness at the waist looked really dorky. "Screw this," she said out loud, then pulled them off. She got the package of crotchless panties from the bed and started to open it, but was distracted by seeing the reflection of her newly shaved pussy. She had not looked at herself after the morning's shower where Aunt Sandy had shaved it clean, so she dropped the package and moved closer to the mirror.
She ran her fingers over her mound and stroked the sides of her smooth slit. After a moment, she gently pulled her pussy lips apart and looked at the delicate folds opening up. She ran her fingers along the labia and pulled them out a little. Not as thick as Aunt Sandy's, she thought, but she liked how they felt as she stretched them out and revealed the slick surface beneath them. She put one finger there and followed it down till she got to the opening. She leaned back a little so she could watch her finger disappear inside herself. While she had often masturbated, sometimes two or three times a day, she had never watched her fingers or the hairbrush handle actually penetrate her opening. She was transfixed as the first two knuckles of her middle finger disappeared inside her, then she saw the surface react and get slicker as she slid it out. She giggled in fascination.
She turned sideways and looked at her profile in the mirror. She liked seeing the curve of her back down to her ass and the glimpse of her tit past her arm. She shifted the pose slightly by cocking her hip, pulling her arms back and then up, turning to the other side to see how different it was. Then she turned to face the mirror and played with covering her tits and pussy with her arms, shifting her legs to block her pussy, pulling her hair down over her tits. "This is fun," she thought and stepped over to the bedside table to get her phone out of her purse.
She started taking pictures of herself in the mirror, firing through a number of poses, front, side, back, and a number of camera positions, over the shoulder, covering her face, others. After taking several, she cycled through the images. "This is harder than I thought," she muttered and decided to concentrate on certain poses. She pulled a stool over to the mirror, sat down with her back to it, and took some time to compose an image while aiming the camera over her shoulder. After about ten tries, she finally got something she liked, a view of her shoulders and back curving down to her ass, her legs off to the side, and her tits just peeking out from behind her arm. That was moving its way to sexy, she decided, and took a few more shots to make it better.
She got off the stool and took another few pictures of herself on her knees, her ass to the mirror, showing her pussy and asshole, and a look at her tits hanging down. She stood up and shot a few more, trying to look a bit jaunty, the way Aunt Sandy had in some of hers. She liked the ones where she faced mostly forward, putting her tits on display, her one leg cocked forward just enough to cover her pussy, and the phone held up to block her face. Finally, she sat on the floor, propped her feet upon the mirror, and took some pictures of herself completely exposed.
After looking at her reflection, she put the phone down and picked up the dildo. She also dragged a couple pillows down to the floor and propped herself on them with a foot up on the mirror. She stared at her pussy for a while, then brought the tip of the dildo down onto it and began rubbing it along her pussy lips.
It was a softer sensation than she had felt before, gently massaging the soft folds and sending warm sensations in gentle ripples through her body. A quiet moan of satisfaction eased out of her throat, and a slight shift in the angle of the dildo sent it probing the opening to her pussy. She gasped in surprise, hesitated a moment, and then gave a slightly firmer push. The head of the toy eased its way through the slick channels of her pussy, past the tight opening, and suddenly filled her in a way she had not experienced before. With a louder moan, she fell back on the floor, her body twisting left and right as she almost unconsciously pumped the dildo in and out of her increasingly sopping wet cunt.
She quivered, and her body twitched in three more spasms before all her muscles relaxed, and she lay in a heap on the floor, totally spread out before the mirror. After catching her breath, she reached down and pulled the dildo out of her pussy, triggering a final twitch as it stretched out the tight opening on its way out. She just lay there with her eyes closed, savoring the strange new sensations that had taken over her whole body.
AFTER A FEW MINUTES, during which she had dozed off, she opened her eyes and stared at the blank ceiling. She still had the dildo in her hand and giggled at the sensations lingering in her body. Not entirely new, she thought, since she given herself orgasms with her fingers and occasionally her hairbrush handle, but there seemed to be a fuller sense. She smiled and lay fully relaxed, naked on the floor, as the last of them dissipated.
She finally sat up and crawled over to the bedside table to put the dildo down. She saw the two other toys, plugged into their chargers, and gave them a closer look. The vibrator reminded her of an ice cream cone, tapered at one end and round at the other. She pushed the button and felt the vibration both in her hand and on the round end; she ran it against her hand, just to see how it felt. The other toy, the clit sucker, looked more like a fat kiwi bird with a stubby beak. She pushed the button and heard a small sound that came from a little internal flap creating a little suction by going back and forth. She pushed the button a few times to see how that affected the suction, then put the stubby beak against her clit. The sudden vacuum yanked on her clit unexpectedly, and she gave a shriek that echoed through the room.
She turned the toy off and listened in the sudden silence for any signs that her shriek may have been heard. She got up, turned out the lights, and slowly opened the door to listen more. Nothing. The house was dark, as though everybody else was in bed. She smiled, felt bolder, and opened the door all the way. She stepped into the hallway and quietly closed the door behind her. She suppressed a giggle. She stepped away from the room, giddy at being naked in her aunt's house, thrilled at the idea that somebody could suddenly appear, turn on a light, and catch her. She fantasized that Uncle Jerry would be the one, that he would see her like that and, in her fantasy at least, she would just stand there and let him look. And maybe more.
As she turned the corner, she saw in the glow of the hallway nightlight that the door to the master bedroom was open. She hesitated, her heart pounding and her pussy twitching, then stepped forward to peek in. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she could make out that the bed was empty. Just about then, she heard a sound from the far end of the house, near the entrance to the pool. Feeling her way cautiously, she continued down the hall till she got to the kitchen, where she could see the pool. And there on the deck were Aunt Sandy and Uncle Jerry, hugging each other, completely naked in the light of the moon.
Her hand drifted to her pussy as she watched Jerry's hands move up and down Sandy's back and squeeze her ass. She heard moaning, which she was pretty sure came from her aunt. She suddenly realized that she had also moaned, and she put her other hand over her mouth to keep herself quiet.
Even with that, she had to bite her lip to keep herself quiet as her aunt started moving down her uncle's body, bending her knees until she was face to face with his stiff cock, highlighted by the moon. Tara's fingers slid into her own pussy as she watched Sandra wrap her hand around his cock, stroke it, and then lean forward to take the head into her mouth. Tara's fingers were pumping inside her pussy and rubbing her clit, and she could not help tiny strangled moans escape from her as she watched her aunt suck Jerry's cock. She would have to head back to her room, if she could not control herself, but she was totally transfixed by the awesome sight.
After a few minutes, her aunt pulled back and stood up, turning around and leaning on the chaise longue. Jerry took his cock in his own hand, stroked it a few times, and then positioned it onto Sandra's pussy. Tara could not believe that the angle and lighting, dim though it was, were perfect for her to watch her uncle slide his stiff, wet cock into her aunt's pussy, which Tara imagined was wet and swollen.
Her own fingers were dripping from her juices as she had been pumping her pussy for the last several minutes. She struggled to contain her tiny moans and gasps from getting too loud. They seemed to echo Sandra's reaction to being fucked, and she wanted to keep it that way, not distract her aunt and uncle from fucking, so she could continue watching. As their rhythm picked up, so did the volume of their gasps and moans. Tara was leaning her head against the door frame when she saw Jerry's body suddenly tighten and jerk three times, while Sandra gave a concentrated gasp as he smacked her ass. Her jerked his cock into her, and his legs began to weaken as he was undoubtedly cumming into her.
Tara's lip was hurting from being bitten so hard, and she backed away from the entrance to make her way back to her room. She gave a little squeal as she bumped against the wall and, with her fingers still inside her, turned and headed down the dark hallway as quickly as she could, desperate to cum, but wanting the privacy of her room and the smothering effect of the pillows to keep it to herself.
She closed the door as quietly as she could and stumbled across the room in the dark till she fell onto the bed, her fingers still in her throbbing pussy. She buried her face in the pillows to smother her moans, as visions of her aunt and uncle flooded her brain. When the orgasm hit, her body thrashed around, while she kept her face buried in the pillow.
When it was over, she lay where she was, her head in the pillows and her naked butt sticking up in the air. After a few minutes, she rolled over and stretched. She still felt pretty wired. Without moving herself much, she reached out to the beside table to see what she could find. She first came in contact with the vibrator. She pulled it over to her chest, turned it on, and ran the head against her palm to gauge its effect. She pushed the buttons a few times till she got the lowest setting. She did not want to startle herself, as she had done with the clit sucker.
She first put the vibrator on her stomach and moved it slowly toward her pussy. Even that distant touch sent waves through her core, and she let out a soft, slow moan. She moved it closer and then, with her legs spread wide, began running it along one side, then the other, of her pussy.
A groan built up out of her as waves of warm excitement radiated out from the vibrating head through the nerves running through her center. Her hips twisted in delightful agony, and the vibrating head brushed directly against her swollen, wet pussy lips. This amplified the throbbing that was already tormenting her, and she let out a louder, more vocal gasp.
She started moving the toy up and down the full length of her pussy, sending out waves of sensation throughout her body. She writhed back and forth on the bed. Soon she felt her body tightening around her core, and she pressed the vibrator harder against her pussy, moving it faster along her slit, until suddenly, without warning, her whole body began quivering and shaking. She gasped rhythmically with each wave. Then she lay there, catching her breath, and giggling at what she realized was the strongest series of orgasms she had ever had.
The vibrator was on the bed, buzzing against her hip. She fumbled for it, and when she had hit the right buttons to turn it off, she fell back limply, her body exhausted, her spirit thrilled at the new sensation that had just consumed her. She drifted off into a light sleep, spread out obscenely on the bed for only the dark room to see.

Early May, This Year

FOR THE REST OF THE SUMMER and after she got to college, Tara stayed in close touch with Sandra, particularly about things she did not discuss with her parents. At first, it was emails with a question or two. Then as she got into college, there were phone calls and longer emails, some of which got rather detailed. Sandra at first thought it would be wise to set a balance, to make sure Tara knew she could be in touch to discuss problems, but exercise some judgment about how much to share.
Instead, they blew off any notion of balance by having most of their conversations in chat rooms. Sandra had tried a couple chat rooms in her early years of returning to exhibitionism, but decided they needed too much time to be successful. Tara had been experimenting with one such room for a couple of months and found it could be the most fun when she set up a room for a private conversation.
The first time she met with Sandra in such a setting, they wore street clothes and had a tame conversation. The second time, Tara was in bra and panties, and she made several references to sex and public nudity while touching her pussy through her panties. The third time, meeting at 1:00 in the morning, Sandra was in a tank top and thong, and the entire conversation was aimed at arousing each other. By the end, they were naked and had both cum in each other's presence.
That set the pattern for the rest of their chats. A couple times, Sandra sent Tara a new toy, one she had herself, and they would explore it together. Sometimes, they would compete to see who could last the longest. These late-night sessions became collaborative fantasies that would drive them both to orgasm and helped Tara build up a growing repertoire of dildos and other toys. It was also during one of these chats that Tara told Sandra about seeing her and Uncle Jerry on the pool deck the previous summer. Sandra laughed and said, "You should have joined us."
In mid-April, Tara told Sandra that she wanted to give her a birthday present. She directed her to a specific chat-room address at a designated date and time in May. "Wear your BBC SLUT leather collar and a related thong and top. Add some tattoos if you want, and a mask. Just make sure to have your big black dildo handy." Sandra tried to get some more information out of her, but Tara refused to answer any more questions.
Two weeks later, at 2:00 in the morning, Sandra connected to the address Tara had given her. After a few minutes, the screen flickered, and an interior took shape, in the middle of which was the face of a black man. He broke into a smile when he saw her. "Hi, there," he said with a big grin.
"Hi." Her reply was a bit hesitant and inquisitive.
"Aunt Fiona?" She nodded, a little relaxed that Tara had given him her whore name. "Call me Cal. Tara tells me you love the sight of a big black cock." She nodded again, her breath a little shallow. He pulled back a bit from the camera. "Something like this?"
She gasped at the sight of his black shaft, which he was slowly stroking. It seemed so big, since it was closer to the camera than the rest of him, and her pussy immediately twitched at the sight and at the thought that it might be getting hard for her.
"Tell me what you'd like," she said, her throat dry.
"Stand up," he said gently yet firmly. She stood. giving him a clear view of her BBC FUCKTOY halter top and her red Queen of Spades thong. "Mmmmm, now turn around for me. Let me look at that ass." She shook it a couple times at him. "There you go. Now pull those panties to the side."
She climbed onto the bed, aiming her ass at the camera. She spread her legs, then reached through her crotch to pull the thin strand of cloth aside, and spread her pussy lips. Cal groaned, "Yeah, let me see that pussy... spread it wide open for me." She put her head down and used both hands to spread her labia. She held them open, showing the smooth entry to her pussy.
"I'd so much like to sink my cock deep in that pussy," Cal murmured as he stroked his long shaft. "Smack that ass..." She obediently smacked it, making good contact to raise some red spots. "Good girl."
She slowly turned around to pick up the black dildo from the side of the bed and started licking its full length. Cal moaned, "Take it slow... get it nice and wet." Once the tool was glistening, he told her, "Let me see how much you can get down your throat."
She ducked her head, as though in subservience, as she slid her lips down the dark, wet shaft. She had never had much luck with deep throating, though she often tried with Jerry, when he was feeling particularly aggressive. She gagged at the first touch of her dildo toward the back of her throat, took a deep breath, and tried again, but with the same result. After a third effort, she smiled ruefully and made a gesture with her fingers to indicate, "Not much," then went back to licking and sucking on the head.
With the dildo in her mouth, she pushed the straps of her top off her shoulders and exposed her tits, rubbing and squeezing them for his attention. He mumbled, "Mmmmm, let me see those titties... yeaaaah, pull on those nipples." She put the dildo down and used both hands to rub her tits and tweak her nipples. After a couple minutes, she heard him say, "Take those panties off for me...Yes, take it all off."
A little smile spread across her face as she slid her fingers into the waistband of her red Queen of Spades thong. She loved this moment of getting completely naked in front of a stranger, from the times she did so in college with guys she had just met, to the chatroom encounters she had made more recently.
It was what she most loved about the customs for her website followers, the excitement of getting completely naked for a stranger, showing off her most intimate part. And when the sound was up in the chatrooms, there was the anticipation of surprise and lust she would hear from whoever was watching, both men and women, at the sight of her thick, gnarled pussy lips. And Cal did not disappoint her. When she slid the thong down and spread her legs, he gasped. As she stroked the labia, he goaded her on. "Yessss, stroke that pussy for me," he groaned. "Spread that juicy white pussy, begging me for my big black cock."
She moaned when she heard that. She did dream of his big black cock sliding into her, and she slid her fingers into herself in desire for such a moment. "Yesss, don't stop," he moaned in return, "don't stop. Put your fingers in that pussy."
The combination of her fingers and his voice were driving her harder, and she was writhing on the bed. She bumped into the dildo, and he told her, "Let me see you fuck yourself with that black cock... let me see that black cock in that pussy." She grabbed hold of the dildo and brought it to her mouth to get it wet, then slid it down and pushed the tip against her pussy lips. "Yes... " he groaned, "yes... take it all... balls deep, take it all... take all that black cock... yes.... come on, fuck that black cock."
She glanced at the screen as she thrust the black shaft into her pussy and saw that he was stroking his cock faster, caught up in what she was doing and his own exhortations.
"You already had a big black cock inside that pussy?"
"Uh huh," she replied and groaned as more waves of passion crashed through her body.
"Keep going in and out of that white pussy... keep spreading that pussy open... stretch that pussy out for me." Sandra was rubbing her clit and pounding her pussy with the dildo, and her breath was coming in louder and shorter gasps. "Don't you stop... don't you fucking stop," Cal yelled at her, and she picked up the rhythm even more. "You rub on that clit..... there you go... Yesssss, keep that pussy nice and juicy."
Sandra shifted sideways a little, trying to catch her breath and keep the rhythm going. Cal picked up on her changes and told her, "Bend over and fuck yourself with that cock." She turned over onto her knees and anchored the dildo on the bed so she could ride it. "Oh, fuck your white whore," she called out, remember a scenario she had done for one of her followers. "Fill my tiny white pussy with that big black cock."
"Yes, let that ass bounce on that big black cock," Cal growled, losing some coherence as he got caught up in his own sensations. "Yesssss... that big pussy... mmmm... white ass... uuurrrggghhhhhh... "
In her enthusiasm, Sandra rode too high, and the dildo fell out of her. She grabbed it and pushed it back into her throbbing wet pussy. "Put it back in, take all of it," Cal groaned. "You're sure making a mess on that cock.... yes... put it all the way in, take it all, don't you stop, don't you fucking stop."
There was something about the resonance of Cal's bass baritone that drove Sandra's desire to please him. It thrilled her that he liked the mess of juices leaking out of her pussy, and she wanted to do more. She was already balls-deep on the cock. So she leaned forward and reached behind with, first, one hand, then both, to pull her ass cheeks apart. "Yesssss," came that deep, resonant voice. "Yesss, spread that ass... let me see all of it, yes, incredible." His reaction drove her to pull her cheeks more open as she continued to ride the cock. Then, to egg him on, she smacked her ass a couple times, trying to make some more good red marks. "Smack that ass for me," he called back to her. She alternated smacking herself and spreading her cheeks while still riding the dildo. "Don't fucking stop." She kept going until the dildo slipped out of her pussy. She picked it up and turned around, licking the dildo as she did so. She started to slide it back into her slippery pussy when Cal moaned, "Mmmmm, take it out, lick it clean."
She turned around to face the camera and slide the tip of her tongue along the length of the dildo, the juiciness glistening in the flight. She licked the length three times, then opened her mouth to take the head between her lips and looked at the camera as she slid it into her mouth.
"You like sucking big black cocks?" She nodded and slid her mouth further down the shiny, black shaft. Some drool escaped from her lips and rolled down toward her hands. She spread it back up the length of the shaft till her hands connected with her mouth. "Mmmmmm, you were made to serve," the deep voice came from the webcam. She quivered at the thought.
After a few more seconds, he said, "You gonna cum for me? Be a good girl, cum for me." She lay back on her side and lifted her leg so she could slide the slick dildo up into her pussy. "Yes.... don't you fucking stop. Cum all over that big boy cock!"
She changed her angle to make it easier to fuck herself. "Sit up and face me," he commanded. She turned to sit on her ass, her legs spread wide toward the camera. "Yes just like that... so fucking nasty." She smiled as she saw him stroking his cock, which now filled the screen as he had moved closer. She gasped and pounded herself harder.
"Feel good? You like being a slut for big black cocks?" She nodded and cried out, "yyyyeessssss," as the sensations built toward an orgasm. "Don't fucking stop, don't you fucking stop," he shouted, then suddenly added, "Ooh shit... oh fuck yes... oh shit i'm gonna cuuuuum... "
The sight of his white cum shooting out of the brown tip of his black cock sent her over the edge, and she gasped and moaned as her body shook from top to bottom.
She collapsed in exhaustion, her legs spread wide toward the camera, juices leaking out of her and onto the dildo. "So fucking sexy," came a growl from across the room.
She slowly pulled the dildo out of her dripping pussy. "Your cumming sent me over the edge," she said with a laugh.
"Mmmmm, goood," his voice dying slightly as he lay back.
"Hot... as... fuck," she gasped as she fell back onto the bed.
They lay there in silence for a few moments until a voice in a much higher register broke in, "Aunt Fiona, that was awesome."
Sandra was startled from her reverie and sat up. There was Tara looking at her from the camera, her fist wrapped around Cal's sloppy cock as she licked the cum off the head. "Call me Caitlin, bitch, whenever we're in this room." She slid her mouth over the head of the cock and moved up and down a few times.
Sandra just stared open-mouthed at the small screen as Tara sucked Cal. Absent-mindedly, she took off the mask, the one thing that helped conceal her identity.
Tara took Cal out of her mouth and rested her head on his stomach. He had pulled the camera back to show more of them. It was clear that Tara was naked. "I had to really control myself several times watching you on another monitor, so you wouldn't hear me. I almost lost it when you had your asshole so wide open, because I know you're self-conscious about that. But you'll do it for Cal, won't you?" she laughed.
Sandra felt her face go red, and she curled up a bit in embarrassment. How many other secrets had she let slip over the past nine to ten months as she got into more intimate chats with Tara, or Caitlin, to use her whore name? And how many of those had she passed on to her boyfriend? And could they come back to hurt me, she wondered?
Cal had lain back and Tara was climbing over his hips. "I hope you'll invite us to your house this summer, so we can sit in the hot tub, then you and I maybe can share Cal's cock, the way you did in college... " Tara had reached between her legs and was rubbing the head of his cock against her already wet pussy, "... and then maybe you'll let me fuck Jerry, while Cal fills you up... like this," as she slid down the length of his cock, taking him cowgirl style.
Sandra watched with fascination and complete lust as Tara rode him with a surprising competence. She was sure Jerry would be happy to fuck Tara and fairly sure she would get him to agree to her fucking Cal. He would probably agree to a daisy chain, especially on the pool deck at night. And she bet that both men would like to see Sandra and Tara go down on each other in 69. She reached down to satisfy the itch in her pussy from watching Cal and Tara (oh, I'm sorry, Caitlin) and fantasizing about future possibilities.