This is the second chapter in a short series of photoshoots I did for my loving husband Greg. I suggest you read the previous chapter before this one, but it's not necessary. I hope you enjoy it, vote, leave comments, or send a message.
I had just less than a week ago modeled for an erotic photoshoot and had given the album to my husband Greg. None of the pictures were nude, and the shoot started with me dressed in a classy top and a short skirt, but I was dressed in only a skimpy bra, bikini panties, thigh highs and garter belt when the shooting finished. I still can't believe I actually went through with it as I am a really shy person.
Greg loved the album and wanted me to do another shoot, with me maybe revealing a little more skin. I don't know how much more skin I could show without being completely nude. I had given Greg the album as a birthday present, while we were in bed making love, and as it turned out, it was probably the best sex we ever had. So if my loving husband wanted more, then that's what I would have to do. I called my friend Kelly and set up another shoot for this Saturday evening, as her husband Bill was an amateur photographer, and he did the first session.
Late Saturday afternoon I began getting ready. I showered, shaved my legs extra smooth, trimmed my pubic hair, then on a whim I decided to completely shave that whole area. When I stepped from the shower I admired my shaved new look in the mirror. Greg had in the past asked me to shave my pussy, but this is the first time I had actually done it. I did my hair and applied light makeup, then wrapped in a towel I went to the bedroom to get dressed.
I had placed my wardrobe for the evening on the bed and began getting dressed. First on was the sheer white lacy bra and thong pantie set. They were not quite see through, but I could see the faint outline of my nipples through the bra, and my pussy lips through the panties. If I was only going to muster the courage to strip to my underwear, then the pictures would show more than the first album, especially my ass. Though I don't drink much, I really need one now.
As I pulled on the tiny burgundy, micro mini skirt, which barely covered my ass cheeks wearing a thong, I felt a tingle between my legs. The top was white, lacy, low cut and just barely covered my midriff. It buttoned in the front and had a clasp at the bottom. I thought with a smile that this outfit showed enough skin, so maybe I wouldn't have to remove anything to look sexy. As I slipped on my heeled sandals I considered thigh highs, but this skirt was way too short for them, as it would reveal the tops.
When I walked into the living room Greg whistled when he looked at me. I knew I was blushing and wondered what I would do when Bill saw me, and also wondered if he and Kelly had invited Kevin to come over and help. Now I really need that drink. With a goodbye kiss, Greg told me he loved me and said to have fun, and to do whatever I wanted to do. He reminded me that I only had to model for photos that I was comfortable with.
When I pulled into Kelly's driveway I was not surprised to see Kevin's car there. As I sat in the car before going in the house I thought this was it. We all knew why I was here. This time I was here to take off all my clothes for the camera, and Bill's and Kevin's eyes. To let the camera see all my intimate parts. To see if I had the courage to do this for Greg. To show my love for him.
When I walked into the kitchen Bill and Kevin were sitting there, drinking a beer, and Kelly started making me a drink, to settle your nerves she laughed. The guys both complimented my looks and made me spin around and made me blush because I knew they could see my ass cheeks. Kevin asked if he and Bill would get to see all of me tonight, and I blushed again without answering.
So we all sat at the table until our drinks were gone, and then headed to the basement. Bill had the back wall covered with a pale pink drape, and a futon front and center surrounded by lights. I had dressed for the shoot, but brought some additional clothing I was going to model in, in an overnight bag along with my makeup kit.
Kelly took me to an adjacent room and I freshened my makeup. We were going to start with what I was wearing so it only took a few minutes for me to get ready. Bill wanted to start with me standing in front of the pink background, to highlight the burgundy skirt. They had moved the futon out of the way, then he took shots of me from the front, both sides, then from the back.
With my back to the camera a foot away from the wall, he had me lift my arms above my head, push my ass out, and stretch to lean against the wall, while turning my head toward the camera. In this pose my skirt was lifted to expose part of my ass, and my top was pulled up almost to the bottom of my bra, exposing my midriff as well.
Next they moved the futon back into position while Kelly freshened my drink. Bill had me pose sitting on the futon, lying down, legs together and legs crossed. Next I was kneeling and leaning on the back of the futon, with my back to the camera and head turned toward the camera. That shot really uncovered my ass, but the drinks were starting to take effect and that helped. Bill said let's take a break and Kelly filled my glass.
The guys moved the futon away and brought out the stool. Bill had me assume about the same poses as last week and after a few minutes he suggested I remove my top. He snapped shot after shot of me unbuttoning my top then had me pose with it half on and half off. Once it was off more poses, some up close with just my face and bra. I knew they could all see my nipples through the lacy material, but I still retained some modesty.
Bill said to me, Carol it's time to let the camera see your breasts. I had mentioned to Kelly that Greg had loved the shots of Kevin helping me undress, so Bill had Kevin take his place and unsnapped the back strap on my bra. Bill was shooting the whole time as Kevin stood behind me and slowly removed my bra. and exposed my bare breasts, for the first time to the camera, and to their gaze.
I was trembling and felt my face and neck flush as I stood nude from the waist up, for the first time in front of any man besides my husband. Although I was embarrassed, I was totally turned on, partly from Kevin's fingers as they brushed against my breasts and nipples as he slowly slid my bra off. Bill's camera caught it all, including Kevin's fingers brushing my nipples. After a dozen or more poses Kelly said please let her take a break.
I practically gulped the drink she handed me, as I sat with my breasts uncovered wondering how I got to where I am now. I knew that my skirt would be next to come off, so I was getting mentally prepared for it. I was also getting more turned on by the minute.
Please stand in front of the stool Carol, barked Bill, and Kevin would you like to help her remove her skirt. I of course did as I was told. Kevin lowered the zipper and then knelt in front of me and slid the skirt down my legs. I placed my hand on his shoulder for balance as I stepped out of the skirt. His face was inches from my pussy that was covered only by the almost transparent, thin lacy fabric of the thong. Kevin's fingers on my legs lowering the skirt and his face that close to my pussy sent chills through my body. I was totally turned on.
Now dressed in only the thong, not only were my breasts on display but my ass was also. Bill took shots of me standing, bending over, side shots and front and back. Next sitting on the stool with my legs together and apart. I could feel my arousal and my pussy getting more and more moist. I hoped my thong didn't show a wet spot. Finally Kelly stepped in and asked for another break, and handed me a fresh drink. I had lost count of how many I had consumed, but I did feel a little tipsy.
Back to shooting. Bill didn't ask me, but rather told Kevin to take off my thong. Kevin knelt before me and his hands slid up the back of my thighs, over my ass cheeks and grasped the waistband of my thong. His touch sent another chill through my body as he caressed me. Again I trembled as he ever so slowly pulled the thin material down, his nose only inches from the v of my thong. I could feel his breath on my pussy as it was uncovered and I thought I was very close to an orgasm. Again I steadied myself with a hand on his shoulder as I stepped out of the thong. I could hear the shutter click as Bill took shot after shot of Kevin removing the thong.
For the first time I stood completely nude for Kevin and Bill's gaze. Again he took shots from all angles with me standing. Bill had me sit on the stool, spread my legs, and put my feet on the rungs on the sides of the stool, like I had done last week, only now I posed without panties. I was embarrassed and put my hand over my pussy, not ready for him to shoot with it so exposed.
Bill said Carol please move your hand, I'm sure Greg would want the camera to capture what's hiding behind it. I slowly moved my hand so the camera, and everyone else could see my shaved pussy, with its lips pulled apart from the pose with my legs spread wide apart. I am sure they could also see the moisture practically dripping from it, because I was so turned on.
After a few shots, some very close, I was allowed to close my legs. Kelly whispered something to Bill, and he told me a few more shots and we would be finished. Bill said Kelly had let him know how much Greg liked to hear about me dancing with other men, and their hands roaming my body, so let's get a few shots that show something similar. Kelly had me slip on my three inch heeled sandals.
With that he had Kevin stand in the center of the set facing the camera, and me facing Kevin with my back to the camera. With my legs shoulder width apart, my arms around Kevin's neck, my face pressed to his chest, his left arm across my back and his right hand on my bare ass, it looked as if we were dancing. Kevin did his part by kneading the bare flesh of my ass, and again my pussy was getting wetter, as I could feel the bulge of his erect penis press against me.
With us still standing, Bill had me turn and face the camera, lean back against Kevin, with my head tilted in the crook of his neck. He then had Kevin place his left hand on my right breast and my right hand touching his left hand. He then placed his right hand just above my pussy and placed my left hand touching his, so that my wedding ring would show in the picture. Bill then asked me to open my legs a little and I did as instructed, before he began shooting.
Kevin began to tease my nipple and slowly eased a finger down onto my clit. Bill took numerous close shots of Kevin's fingers stroking my clit, with my wedding ring as the focal point, and also of his fingers on my breast pinching my nipple. It was all the hottest thing I had ever done without Greg, but it was all for his benefit. My pussy was soaking wet as Kevin eased a finger inside me, it slipped right in. I could feel his erect cock against my ass, I knew he was as turned on as I was as he fingered my pussy.
Kelly interrupted and brought the shoot to an end, saying that Carol had had enough teasing. I was quiet as I dressed to go home, still amazed at what I had done. My emotions were everywhere, Was bringing Kevin into the pictures the right thing to do, was letting him touch me going too far. Had I broken Greg's trust, would he be mad, or love the photos. On the way home I kept asking myself all these questions.
It was almost midnight when I walked in the door, but Greg was waiting up for me with a smile on his face. He asked how the photoshoot went and I answered it went fine with a smile. He told me let's head to bed and you can tell me all about it. We both quickly undressed and slipped under the covers, I was still so turned on I couldn't wait to feel his cock inside me.
I attacked Greg as soon as we hit the sheets. We pawed each other without restraint as our kisses grew deeper. Greg said if I had known you would react this way, I would have sent you for a photoshoot years ago. My pussy was drenched as I climbed on top and lowered myself onto his rigid cock. We kissed, and fucked and sucked each other for over an hour before collapsing on the bed panting.
When our conversation resumed he asked me to tell him every single detail, but I countered with not until we got the album from Bill. Then at least answer a few questions please Greg begged, I have to know what happened, why you came home so horny and ready. I fought off the urge to tell him, but I wanted to be able to give him a running account of how each photo was staged. We were both exhausted and soon fell asleep wrapped in each other's arms.
Two days later I got the call from Kelly that the album was finished and I could pick it up anytime. I was out the door and was back just before Greg arrived from work. I hurriedly hid the album under my side of the bed, without time to even look at the photos. I wouldn't tell Greg I had it till we were in bed tonight. All evening I hoped Greg would leave for a while so I could sneak a look at the album, but that didn't happen. I guess he and I will see it for the first time tonight, together. I hope he will like it, and hope he is not offended if Kevin is in some of the photos, with his hands on my naked body
All evening I was nervous, I couldn't wait to show Greg the album, but also was hoping bedtime would never come, if I only knew what was in it. Finally we went to bed, turned out the lights, and we started to talk. I told Greg I had a surprise for him and reached for the album. He turned the bedside lamp back on, and we got comfortable to view the photos.
Before I let him open the album I told him how much I loved him, and that I had posed for these photos to prove to him how much I loved him, because I wanted to please him and make him happy. I went on that he knew how shy I was, and that it took all the courage I could muster to go through with the shoot. I explained that some of the pictures were pretty provocative, but that is what I thought he wanted to see, so I hope he loved the album.
Greg thanked me and smiled, then he opened the album to the first picture. I was standing, back to the camera, arms stretched above my head, my top pulled up almost to my bra, and both my ass cheeks peeking out below the hem of the short skirt. Greg put the album down, pulled me close and kissed me hard and deep, and thanked me again. He retrieved the album and started turning pages, together we studied each photo for a long while as I explained how each shot took place.
The next series was on the futon, and Greg commented with a big smile on how much of my ass was showing as I knelt on the seat and bent at the waist. He was right, bending at the waist had uncovered most of my ass. Then shots of me removing my top, one button at a time, then finally pulling it off. Greg commented about how sheer the bra was and he could see my nipples. I told him everyone else had seen them too.
The next shot showed Kevin removing my bra. I held my breath as Greg studied this one, and again I hoped he wouldn't get mad. But he had no reaction that I could notice. As he turned to the next page it was clearly visible that Kevin's fingers were brushing against my nipples as he slipped the bra from my breasts. It was also plain to see in the next shot that my nipples were hard as rocks.
Then Greg said it looks like you were enjoying Kevin's fingers touching you. With a very red face I admitted that yes I did. He kissed me again. We finished looking at this series of me topless in various different poses, sitting on the stool, standing behind it leaning over it with my palms flat on the seat and my breasts on full display.
The next few were of Kevin removing my skirt. Greg said I think Kevin was enjoying helping you, as much as you enjoyed his help. I'll bet with his nose that close to your pussy he could smell your scent. Again I blushed a bright crimson, as Greg began to caress my body and kiss me. I knew that the pictures were now going to get more explicit and hoped Greg would not get upset.
The next shots were of Kevin kneeling in front of me, his hands sliding up my legs and over my ass to pull my thong off. The pictures showed Kevin sliding the panties down, again with his face only inches from my bare pussy, Greg told me that that picture was so hot, and asked me how I felt while it was all happening. I explained that I was turned on, but a little worried that you would be mad, but I was doing it all just for my husband's enjoyment.
Next were the poses sitting on the stool, then the close up ones with my legs spread. Greg loved them all. I didn't realize it at the time, but with my legs spread so wide, the lips on my pussy were also spread, with my clit in full view. Also in full view was the moisture practically oozing from my slit.
We had been stopping to make out as we browsed through the album, and things were really getting hot and Greg wanted to stop and make love. There weren't many photos left, so I insisted we finish the album, and Greg grudgingly agreed.
The next shot was with Kevin and I both in the pose that looked like we were dancing, with my arms around his neck and his right hand caressing my ass, his left hand across my back, holding me tightly and my face pressed against his chest. I thought this is where things may get interesting with Greg's reaction, and I held my breath again. He took the picture in stride and I exhaled the breath I had been holding. With a smile Greg said I bet he liked feeling your ass.
In the next one I stood in front of Kevin, leaning back against him, my legs shoulder width apart, both of us facing the camera. His left hand holding my right breast and my right hand covering his, his right hand was just above my pussy and my left hand, displaying my wedding ring, covering his. Greg's reaction was oh my god you look so fucking sexy in that pose.
The next few were close ups of the same pose. One shot was of Kevin's finger pinching and pulling my nipple and it's reaction, turning very hard and protruding. Another was of his finger stroking my clit, and the last one was of his finger buried in my wet, glistening pussy. Both with my left hand partially covering his hand, and my wedding ring on display. Greg asked me if Kevin had an erection while posing with me, and I had to tell him the truth. I answered yes, he was hard, I know because it was pressed tightly against my ass.
Greg took me in his arms and gave me a gentle loving kiss. He then thanked me for the best present he would ever get. We spent the next hour or more making love and discussing the shoot, and how much we loved each other. He told me how proud he was of me and that not many wives would do what I had done for him.
Greg asked again how I had felt during the shoot, did it really turn me on. My answer was yes the whole experience turned me on. It's a feeling that I could not describe, and only a woman could have that feeling. I continued that I knew I was the center of attention, and was lusted after and desired by both Bill and Kevin. I guess that feeling of being so on display, so sexy, so in control over other men's emotions, and so wanted and longed for by them. Finally I gave up, I didn't know how to explain how I felt, but I loved the feeling.
Before going to sleep Greg asked if I would do it a third time, and I answered no, not without you being there. As we went to sleep he whispered to me, "We will have to see what we can do about that,"
Thanks for reading. I would love to hear your comments and messages.