Another day and another client serviced by Ai. And like Mr. Wagner's trophy wife, Ai waited like a doll in his office until she was given clearance for release. While she waited, the puzzle of why his wife was now a doll was still a fresh mystery to figure out. The only reasonable conclusion was blackmail. When Mr. Wagner returned to his office, he let the dolls remain in their boxes. It was his way of showing them who was boss. Ai was only considered property after all.
Finally, Mr. Wagner walked over to Ai's box. He pulled a card from his pocket and pressed it against the screen of the box. It was her business card.
"You think you're clever trying to create your own clients?" Mr. Wagner said.
Was it a rhetorical question? The best option was to remain still. Mr. Wagner opened the box and ordered her to her knees. Ai reluctantly complied. He pulled the saliva-soaked chewing gum from his mouth and placed it on her forward. The business card flattened the gum and stuck to her forehead.
"Full marks on the card. It would certainly entice me to call you. But you forgot one thing." Mr. Wagner said. "These are my clients, and they tell me everything."
Mr. Wagner unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. "Now tell me you're sorry and offer to suck my cock to make up for it."
How could Ai be so naïve, thinking she could pull a fast one over Mr. Wagner? Even his wife had succumbed to becoming a personal doll. What hope did Ai have beyond quitting? The only way out was staring back at her, twitching and waiting for her mouth's warm embrace. It was strange having his wife right behind them acting like a doll, standing obediently as another woman blew her husband. It was that kind of power that made both girls fall in line.
Grabbing the cock with a firm grip, Ai looked up, "I'm sorry for going behind your back, Sir. Please let me suck your cock to make up for it."
Mr. Wagner grinned. "Open your mouth and stay like that."
Her mouth dropped open. Mr. Wagner grabbed her head and fucked her face. Despite her prowess in maintaining her composure, especially while her mouth was being assaulted, Mr. Wagner's aggressiveness proved too much to handle. Particularly, the disruption in breathing forced Ai to switch to her nose while she struggled at taking his cock in and out with each powerful thrust. When he neared the end, Mr. Wagner held her head tight and plugged her mouth with his manhood. Ai wanted to gag, and her arms reached up to push him away, but his grip held firm.
Mr. Wagner tilted her head up so he could look into her eyes. "Remember who is in charge and who is property."
Ai nodded as best she could. Mr. Wagner released her, and she fell to the ground gasping. After catching her breath, she was instructed to stroke Mr. Wagner to completion and accept a load on her face. She did as she was told and decorated her face with a gob over her eye, trails over her nose and the rest dripping into her mouth and down her chin.
"Good girl. Now stay like that for the rest of the day."
Ai, mouth wide open, remained frozen and marked with her owner's scent. The smell of sex temporarily overpowered any other aroma that drifted her way. Her plan had backfired and if that was his reaction for a minor transgression, she couldn't imagine his punishment for a major transgression. His wife submitting to his twisted wishes was a perfect example of such a fate. The only solution was to outsmart Mr. Wagner. But how do you outsmart someone who knows and sees everything?
***
"And we're all done." the doctor told Kim. "Your producer insisted we try the new technique we've been developing. They may be big now, but they will go down in size over the next couple of days."
Kim's huge lips separated in shock as she stared at her reflection. Her lips were now three times their previous size and almost touched her nose and chin.
"You can't be serious." Even talking felt weird as she consciously felt her plump lips move up and down with each word.
"I'm afraid that was one of the side effects we highlighted with Norris before the procedure. He didn't think it would be a problem."
Kim crossed her arms. Of course, it wouldn't be a problem, the stupider she looked the better. In fact, Norris had probably hoped for the side effects. The flustered pop star collected her items and signed her form to be granted release. Now she had to face the story-starved media with cock cushions on her face while headlines ranged from overreactions to dubbing her the next bimbo. At least her singing career was still intact. That's one thing they could never take from her.
***
Ai stared straight ahead, stuck in a self-induced trance as she maintained her pose in the middle of Mr. Wagner's office. The urge to move grew by the second, especially when Mr. Wagner left. However, if Mr. Wagner had ears everywhere, he also had eyes everywhere. He was the type of person that checked the surveillance cameras every night to ensure there had been compliance during the day.
If Ai was going to win, she needed to be an angel at work. As long as she was a complacent fuck toy, Mr. Wagner wouldn't dig into her personal life. It was in that little carved out space of personal time that Ai would need to plan, plot, and execute. Until then, she was at the mercy of her corrupt boss.
After four hours, Ai's knees were ready to crumble like the card slowly losing its grip on her forehead. The dried cum on her face and around her lips felt like a mask of makeup left over after a night out partying.
"Looks like we have another client for you, my little doll." Mr. Wagner said. "It's an evening request, so don't make any plans tomorrow night."
There was no mention of receiving any time off to compensate for extra work. Essentially, Ai had to come to work for her normal day and then, like her brainstorming sessions with Mr. Wagner, she had to work overtime without any additional pay. Along with her punishment of being a doll all day, this was to remind her that she would always be company property as long as she worked for him.
***
The heavy weight of her lips was a constant distraction, internally and externally. Kim couldn't decide what was more annoying, consciously being aware of every word coming out of her mouth or the stares and concealed laughter of strangers.
Public humiliation aside, compounding her problems was the music video she was scheduled to sing and shoot with the hot new rapper Rolland Hills. Providing the chorus for the future hit was supposed to be her debut as the new Kim Ai. The bimbo Kim Ai.
Kim strode on set, her gaze down to avoid eye contact with anyone staring at her lips. Norris's eyes widened upon seeing his starlet.
"Those are... bigger than I thought."
"You think." Kim said sarcastically.
Norris winked. "Really sells the bimbo look though."
Showbiz was so much easier for men. Why did women have to turn themselves into toys to advance their careers? If the rest of the modifications were equally drastic, the public would soon identify her as an object with a set of holes instead of a woman with a fantastic singing ability. Her mind refocused to the music video. Showcasing her talent and reminding everyone why she became an award-winning pop star was the most important goal now.
Every music video that Kim had worked on had a diverse mix of males and females of all ethnical backgrounds. This was a hit with her fans and the media alike. Rolland had a diverse mix, but they were all females dressed in skimpy costumes that could hardly be classified as clothes. So much for girl power. But that was the mystery about Rolland Hills. He surrounded himself with women who worshipped him in a cult-like fashion and he put them on display in his videos and media appearances like toys. No one knew how he did it and any woman bold enough to explore the story ended up joining in on the obsession. Kim knew to mind herself. She didn't need another problem on her hands.
"Kim, I'd like you to meet Rolland Hills." Norris said.
Rolland's posture was perfect. He mesmerized her with his bright blue eyes as he extended his hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Ai. Big fan of your work."
Kim blushed and shook his hand. Maybe it wasn't a mystery why women succumbed to his charm. He unapologetically stared at her lips.
"I heard you underwent a procedure this morning. Will those affect your singing?" Rolland asked.
Kim touched her lips. The thought had never occurred to her. She was suddenly very self-conscious. What if it did? What if she had just thrown her singing career down the toilet?
"I did research before; it shouldn't be a problem." Norris said. "Besides, we can always have her lip sync now and then record later."
"We do not do that here." Rolland said. "Live performance or no performance."
"Thith won't affect my thinging." Kim said.
An awkward silence came over the group. Rolland wasn't ready to squash the idea yet.
"I'll give you ten minutes to warm up." Rolland said. "Excuse me."
He walked away with a confident swagger like a man on a mission.
"What the hell was that?" Norris asked.
"I'm fine."
"Say singing in the Mississippi."
Kim's eyes pierced him like daggers. It was all his fault with his stupid bimbo plan. Her voice was fine a second ago. What had changed?
"You've got to be kidding me, Kim."
"Me? I got the thupid thurgey like you thed."
"You cannot sing like that. We'll have to reschedule."
Kim laughed.
"What, you think this is funny?" Norris said.
"Good luck getting Rolland to rethedule. Like moving heaven and earth."
Norris was a successful and well-connected producer. Yet somehow Rolland's reach and influence had no limit. Part of it was the rapper's commitment to projects. If Rolland Hills said something, it was already considered done. Norris sheepishly walked over to talk with Rolland's people while Kim waited. She already knew the answer, which was fine by her. If she starred in a music video, she'd rather not have cock sucking lips distracting people from her true talent.
Norris returned flustered. "He won't move the shoot."
"I'm thocked." Kim said with a smile. "Can we go now?"
"Well, I worked out a deal." Norris said. He always had to win something, no matter the size of the slice. "You're going to be in the background. You'll be more prominent than the other dancers, but you won't be singing anything."
"I'm a thinger, not a dancer. I'm not doing that."
Norris grabbed Kim's arm and dragged her to a private area.
"You're going to do what I say to salvage this contract. We didn't pump money into your new look for you to just blow every chance we get. You were talking fine before Rolland spoke to you and now you're not, so that's on you, not me."
Kim crossed her arms and refrained from arguing. Her ridiculous speech impediment made her sound like a child, which would refute any point she made.
"You take this job, or you can join the rest of the wannabe stars at the back of the line."
It wasn't the first time her dream had been threatened. Her choices were the life support that kept it alive. Now was the time to determine whether to pull the plug. Going full Bimbo was life changing. An 'all in' move. If she ventured out on her own, at least she'd still have her dignity. Choosing to stay with them meant becoming a doll in their hands to mold however they wanted both physically and mentally. This was the fork in the road. It was the same life changing decision she had faced with Ai all those years ago.
"Well Kim, what will it be?" Norris said.
Was it time to go all in or was it time to fold?
***
After 6:00 pm, Mr. Wagner finally released Ai and his wife from their doll prisons. No words were exchanged. His nonchalant attitude was a telling sign that the next evening's event was going to be a dreadful surprise. Such was life under her sociopathic boss until she could find a way out that didn't include losing her only source of income.
Once free, Ai and Mrs. Wagner rushed to the washroom together. Based on the spoils of sex all over her face, Mr. Wagner's wife had shared Ai's fate of being used as a sex toy in the morning and stored all afternoon. They did their business almost in sync and then stood at the mirror to clean up the mess from a day's work. What was her story?
"I'm Ai, by the way."
The trophy wife looked at her smugly and said nothing.
"You're not here because of the panties I planted, are you?" Ai asked.
Mr. Wagner's wife wiped her face down with a wet paper towel and then looked at Ai. "You planted those panties?"
"I figured if I could get Mr. Wagner in trouble with his wife, then that would somehow get him in trouble at work or give him stress or do something terrible." Ai said.
The trophy wife smiled politely. There was common ground. Ai had to work for the devil, but his wife had to live with him. She extended her hand.
"I'm Betsy."
"Ai."
They shook hands.
"You know your plan would have worked. I did use it as an excuse to leave, but Johnny was prepared." Betsy said.
"What happened?"
"Several years ago, I had an affair. As it turns out, the whole thing was set up by Johnny so he could get video proof in case I ever tried to divorce him." Betsy said. "The panties were my exit card. At least I thought they were."
"He forced you to become a doll?" Ai asked.
Betsy nodded. "As long as I want to reap the benefits of his wealth, this is my new life."
Ai couldn't believe how methodical Mr. Wagner was. If he did that to his wife, what did he have on Ai or any of his other employees? Maybe leaving the job was never an option at all. An illusion of freedom that Ai would never have again.
"It was nice meeting you." Ai said.
"Likewise, Ai." Betsy said. "Be careful."
Ai nodded. Mr. Wagner needed to be stopped. Unfortunately, the only way to end it was to get close enough to the devil to find some sort of weakness. To forge her own path, Ai had to know her enemy, think like her enemy, and when the time was right, strike down her enemy. Until then, her only option was to accept the challenges brought upon her, no matter how humiliating or demeaning, in hopes of one day liberating herself and Betsy and any other woman that had the unlucky pleasure of meeting him.
***
Kim immediately regretted her decision to go 'all in'. Her costume was a tiny, red string bikini top and thong that made cheerleaders' outfits look conservative. To Kim's dismay, the chorus would now be sung by one of Norris's other rising singers, Mia. Like Kim, Mia was just breaking out with her new album and this was another opportunity to raise her profile heading into her sophomore album. Unlike Kim, her lips were normal and there had been no mention of changing her persona. She had the girl next door look and Norris was content to keep that as the status quo while adding the odd steamy role like the one with Rolland.
Mia's costume was a respectable tight, white sleeveless shirt that covered her cleavage and stopped just above the belly button. A look that said, 'I'm hot, but not a whore.' Her skin-tight white pants and white heels completed the outfit of the fresh singer, keeping her dignity completely intact. It was an outfit that would have also looked flattering on Kim, had she done the shoot anytime before her lips were turned into blimps. Now she was relegated into being a sex prop in what was supposed to be her next big break.
Because Mia had to maintain a good girl profile, she wasn't permitted to do the choreographed dance that Kim had originally learned for her part when she wasn't belting out the chorus. Instead of relegating her to the background, the onus fell on Kim to do all the work as a silent booty call without reaping all the rewards that came with being in the spotlight.
"Kim, was it?" the director, Mason, asked.
His question was an insult. She was an award-winning pop star too. As if he couldn't recognize her.
"Yeth."
"Perfect. Okay Kim, what I want to see is big smiles, some giggles, lots of playing with the hair and swaying your ass. Like you are one big toy."
Kim reluctantly grabbed a strand of her hair, while she smiled and giggled. "Like thith?"
"Yes! You're a natural." Mason said. "Also, when I say cut I need you to freeze in place so we can start again from the next shot."
That was a load of shit. A music video had so many different cuts, continuity was barely an issue if it was edited properly. But if everyone else was doing it, then that wasn't a big deal. She nodded her head.
"Good girl." Mason said, treating her like she was just starting in the business.
He moved on to chat with Mia, and his approach was entirely different. He treated her professionally, addressing her as Miss Mia and even asked her thoughts on how she wanted to be filmed. It was like Mia was the star in the video and Kim was just a nameless prop. Surely, they'd give her some recognition given all her recent success.
"All right. Places people." the director yelled.
Everyone rushed to their starting positions. Kim hurried over to Rolland in her 5-inch high heels, stepping carefully to avoid tripping and embarrassing herself. Sadly, it would be the least embarrassing thing that had happened to her so far. Rolland barely acknowledged her. In his eyes, she was now easily replaceable. The way he genuinely looked at Mia was something she had always dreamed of receiving from another artist she respected. Instead, his look insinuated that Kim was just another talentless bimbo who happened to be attractive.
Kim brushed the negative thoughts aside. She couldn't afford any distractions to mess up her opportunity. Despite losing the singing part, she was still in the spotlight, and if she nailed her dance choreography, then at least that would be a win.
"And action."
The beat started and Rolland stood still in his famous pose reminiscent of Eminem. Kim stood beside him with her hands on her hips, tits pushed forward, back arched and ass out with her plump lips puckered into a sexual pout.
Mia stood in front of a green screen, lifted her arms, and sang.
"No matter how far he goes, how long it's been, they're ain't a thing stopping him."
Once she hit the final note, Rolland came to life with words spouting quickly. Kim adopted the twerking position and shook her ass while eye fucking the camera. Rolland was never mobile in his videos, instead, he turned and looked into each camera with Kim always in the background. Once he finished his verse, Mia sang again, however the cameras remained on Rolland. Kim moved into position in front of the famous rapper. She turned around and twerked on his crotch while she stared into the camera with vacant eyes and a wide smile.
Kim twerked through the next verse as various camera angles caught both Rolland and Kim in action. The camera moved to Mia for the next chorus and Kim reset her position. With one foot in front of the other and her hips swaying, Kim sexually sauntered around Rolland with a seductive smile. The verse kicked in and Rolland's intensity picked up. It ended with his last line:
"This body don't stay in limbo, for those who doubt, just ask my bimbo." Rolland said and pointed to Kim.
Kim grabbed a strand of her hair and bent her knees slightly while leaning forward so her tits practically spilled out. The bimbo persona was on full display as she giggled with her tongue out.
"Cut." the director said. "Rolland, can I see you for a second?"
Rolland followed the director off the set. As instructed, Kim kept her ridiculous pose to maintain continuity for the next shot. The bimbo line had been in the original plan for the music video. However, if Kim was the singer, it was more of a playful jab then the sharp gut punch it was as just a dancer. To anybody watching, she wasn't Kim Ai the 'pop star'. She was just random back-up dancer 'the bimbo'. Maintaining her pose afterwards made it even more degrading.
While Rolland and the director had a tense conversation, the rest of the dancers walked by Kim and grabbed some water from the side. Why were they allowed to move? Kim didn't want to rock the boat with the man in charge. So, she waited. Tongue out, big goofy smile and frozen alone in the middle of the set. After ten minutes, Mason and Rolland nodded their heads in sync. Whatever they were arguing about was finally settled.
As the dancers came back and took their places, Rolland took another five minutes to talk to his team and then returned to the set. He smirked at Kim as he walked by, no doubt because she looked like an idiot.
"All right, we'll take it from the top of the last verse," Mason said.
The last verse! Kim seethed with anger. All that standing still, and they were just going to re-do it. No wonder the other dancers had walked off set without a care in the world. Kim wasn't going to be a fool again. She moved back into her previous starting position.
"Action."
It was difficult portraying a giggly bimbo while internally wanting to scream, but Kim managed to put her best fake smile on as she paraded her sexy body around Rolland.
"This body don't stay in limbo, for those who doubt, just ask my bimbo."
Kim adopted the same embarrassing pose.
"Cut."
Kim dropped the pose and waited for the next instruction.
"Hey, what did I say to you earlier?" Mason yelled in Kim's direction.
A shocked Kim looked behind her shoulder and saw no one. Was he yelling at her?
"Bimbo, I'm talking to you." Mason said.
Kim clenched her fist. Nothing good would come from an outburst, especially in front of Rolland.
"You told me to stay still." Kim said.
"Now we have to do the shot again. Thank you very much." Mason said in frustration.
Whatever his initial reason for cutting the scene was, it was long forgotten now. He signalled his personal assistant over and had a few words with her. The personal assistant then walked up to Kim.
"Excuse me, we're going to switch you with another dancer."
"No, you're not. My producer made sure this was my spot."
The personal assistant looked back at the pacing Mason and then at Rolland who nodded his head. "Look, if you want to go tell Mason that, be my guest. Otherwise, you and Kin need to switch places."
The assistant signalled someone behind Kim.
"Kin. Who the hell is Kin?" Kim said.
"I'm Kin."
It was like looking in a mirror. The back-up dancer was almost identical to Kim, with the exception of two things. Kin's lips and tits were exactly what Kim envisioned when she was pitched the bimbo persona. Big, but not outrageous and perfectly complimentary to the rest of the body. With her singing ability, Kim had the model beat. But based on their current image, Kim was miles behind Kin.
"Please take Kin's place in the back."
"But." Kim pleaded, but the assistant pointed. Even if she wanted to help, it wasn't in her power to do so.
Kim deflated and moved to the back as Kin took her place. Another stagehand quickly gave Kim a rundown of the simple choreography for the back-up dancers and scurried off before Mason had a chance to yell at her.
"And action."
Rolland rapped through his lines again and pointed at Kin at the end of his verse. The stand-in dancer did the same pose as Kim and held it for a few seconds.
"Cut." Mason yelled. "That was perfect."
Kin dropped the pose. Kim eagerly anticipated the fireworks, but instead of yelling at Kin, Mason moved over to Mia to set up the next shot. For whatever reason, no matter what she did, Kim couldn't win. Being a bimbo had no upside and the massive downside was that people were treating her like an idiot. The danger of the persona was that people couldn't separate the bimbo act from the person. How would anyone know what was real and what wasn't if that's how she always carried herself?
The music video continued filming and Kim remained in the back, now a passenger while the two girls who had taken both her roles made a great impression on Mason and Rolland. Mia excelled with her singing and Kin with her sexually provocative dancing. All because Kim's stupid lips. While Kim waited between takes, she noticed her body adopting the mannerisms she used while she pretended to be a bimbo. The hair twirling, the relaxed sexual stance, and the dumb look on her face. If she kept this up, soon she just wouldn't be playing a bimbo, she'd actually be one.
***
By request, Ai was delivered to the nighttime location several hours before the party was set to begin. What was even more peculiar was that she was also required to wear a Geisha mask for the event. What kind of party would have such a specific request? Her outfit was sexy blue lingerie with holes for her tits and easy access to her pussy and ass. If there was any confusion of what she was there for, the outfit spoke for itself.
After a few hours of waiting like a doll in the dark, the lights flicked on. Ai didn't recognize the place, but it looked like a fancy hotel suite. Betsy stood in front her box wearing the same outfit as Ai except in red and her face was on full display. A sign taped to her head read 'Party Favor'. Clearly a complimentary gift from Mr. Wagner.
"Holy shit. man, look at this MILF."
"Welcome to the party," Betsy said. "I'll be your host this evening."
Poor Betsy. She did her best to maintain an inviting smile despite being groped in every area of her body by two horny guys. Ai recognized the men, but the context of how was escaping her.
"What do we call you?" one of the guys asked Betsy.
"You can call me whatever you like."
"No way! Let's go with big tits." the first guy said.
"What are you, ten? You need to give her something really derogatory, so she remembers why she's here."
"Like what?"
"Fuck toy or dumb trophy cunt."
"I think it's only appropriate that I name her." A third voice chimed in.
Ai's eyes widened. That voice belonged to none other than her sister's fiancé, Charlie. This wasn't just some event with random strangers. This was Charlie's bachelor party, and that meant...
"I personally like fuck toy." Li said from out of Ai's view.
"You kids are crazy." Ai's father said.
Ai wanted to burst through the box and run. Betsy interacted with everyone because no one knew who she was. As far as they were concerned, she was just a blonde MILF hired as part of the evening's entertainment. There was no more mystery as to why Ai was instructed to act like a doll while wearing a mask.
"Let's go with Charlie's Angel." Charlie said. He paused. "I'm just fucking with you guys, let's go with Trophy Slut."
"Hey big tits, what's your name?"
"Trophy Slut." Betsy responded.
The guys cheered in unison. Betsy maintained her friendly smile.
"So, we can do whatever we want with you?" One guy said, who she now recognized as Brent, one of Charlie's and Li's good friends.
"Yes. I'm here for your entertainment."
"Then take your panties off and shove them in your pussy."
"Yes, sir." Betsy said.
Li slapped her on the ass. "The next one's on your face. You will repeat the command in third person after you say, 'yes master.'"
"Yes master, Trophy Slut will repeat commands after she is given them and say yes master." Betsy said. "Yes master, Trophy Slut will strip out of her panties and shove them in her pussy.
All the men grinned as Betsy pulled her underwear off. She grabbed a bottle of lube from the nearby table and squirted some on her panties and hands. Making sure her pussy was nice and lubricated, she bunched up the panties and fed them into her pussy. In a few moments, they were no longer in sight and Betsy returned to her normal stance. It was a marvel how much Betsy made it look like she was enjoying herself. In the span of a week, she had gone from an untouchable wealthy wife to a plaything at a bachelor party. Ai wished she could say she'd fallen just as much, but she had never actually made it that high.
"All right Trophy Slut, on your knees. It's time to give every guest a blow job."
"Yes master, Trophy Slut will get on her knees and give every guest a blow job."
Betsy dropped to her knees and opened her mouth.
"Charlie, you're the man of the hour." Li said. "She's all yours."
The other guys cheered him on. Charlie hesitated, especially with his fiancé's father present, but he soon 'succumbed' to the peer pressure as he unzipped his pants and whipped out his cock for their new toy to enjoy. Betsy took it all into her mouth and gave more effort than Ai expected. It almost looked like she was enjoying it.
"Dude what's in the box?" Brent asked.
"That's a surprise for later." Li said as he snuck a wink at Ai. Of course, he knew she was in there. He must have organized everything with Mr. Wagner. They were two thorns in her side that she couldn't wait to get rid of.
As the rest of the party guests settled in, Betsy was passed around one by one, giving blow jobs and rewarded with their load either down her throat or on her face. Ironically, to maintain her wealth and status, she had to endure every degrading and humiliating thing the horny men were going to do to her. Even a cheap whore had some say in the services offered. All Ai could do was watch and hope that by the time they got to her, there wouldn't be much sexual energy left.
By her count there were ten guys at the bachelor party. Brent and Neil, Charlie's best friends and the first two guys that entered; Li; her father; and Charlie. The remaining five must have been some of Charlie's other friends that Ai had never met.
After Betsy was done giving out complimentary blow jobs, she was ordered to the kitchen to prepare drinks and snacks. It was a break from all the attention that she likely appreciated. In the meantime, the men drank bear and lounged around the living room with Ai suspended in her box listening and seeing everything.
"This is great gentlemen." Charlie said. "Where'd you find the blonde?"
"She came as a package deal." Li said.
Knowing Mr. Wagner, he probably threw in Betsy for free out of spite.
"She's going to be a good fuck." Charlie said. He turned to Ai's father. "No offense Mr. Komari, but I won't tell if you won't tell."
Her father nodded. Ai had never understood a man's ability to partake as a group in something like a bachelor party, fucking everything they could get their hands on. It would be awkward as hell for a woman to be fucking someone in the same room as any potential mother-in-law no matter how free spirited they were. And her father wasn't free spirited. It was surprising that he was at the party. Maybe her mother wasn't putting out anymore.
Betsy returned first with bowls of chips and then handed out the drinks. When she was finished, she stood off to the side at attention. Brent and Neil laughed in the corner.
"What are you two schoolgirls giggling about?" Charlie asked.
Brent stood up and looked at Betsy.
"Trophy Slut, get on the table with your legs spread." Brent said.
"Yes master, Trophy Slut will get on the table with her legs spread." Betsy said in a sincere voice.
She placed the bowls of chips on the floor and lay on the sturdy wooden coffee table. Brent walked over and fished the drenched panties out of her pussy.
"Holy shit, these feel gnarly." Brent said as he showed the room.
He put them on Betsy's head with the thickest part covering her face, giving her the unflattering pleasure of feeling and smelling her own pussy juice.
"Neil and I were wondering how loose this slut was." Brent said. He squatted down and put a few fingers in her wet pussy. "And we wanted to put it to the test."
Neil picked Betsy's legs up, so her knees were bent with her feet flat on the table. Brent lubricated his hand, and gently worked his fist into Betsy's pussy. Her body reacted, but she maintained control.
"She's a tight one." Brent said.
The other men watched in anticipation as Brent pushed further and further until his entire fist disappeared. He smiled and gave thumbs up.
"You feel that Trophy Slut?"
"Yes master, Trophy Slut feels your fist in her pussy."
Brent worked his fist in and out. Betsy had trouble controlling her body's reaction and moaned at the presence of the foreign object inside of her. Her moans were soon muffled by Charlie's cock as the man of the night plugged her third hole. Ai hoped that the sensations was at least enjoyable for Betsy. From Ai's own experience, having her body freely used in any way desired felt great, but the atmosphere of the bachelor party made it much more aggressive in nature. The whole theme of the party was Charlie's last night as a free man. Using Betsy's body to explore kinks and sex that weren't available with their spouses was inevitably going to happen.
Ai did not envy Betsy's position. Nor did she want to be released from her current prison. But that was inevitable. After getting one over on Li in their last encounter, she couldn't help but think that this was put together at the last minute to show Ai who was boss. But what was his real plan? Was he really going to let everyone fuck her? If they found out who she was, he'd be in just as much trouble. That was the problem with Li, he never thought about his own consequences. Maybe this time he'd learn not to bite off more than he could chew.
Betsy took on three cocks. With nothing else to do but watch, Ai became a horny girl. The scene was awakening her own libido. She couldn't move or masturbate, but this wasn't the first situation where she couldn't touch herself. That didn't stop her body from getting off. Ai considered Betsy a friend, but in this moment, Ai accepted her as Trophy Slut and let the floodgates open as the sexual debauchery carried on.
***
"Gentlemen, it's time for the grand finale." Li said. He gestured to Ai's box. "Trophy Slut, if you will do the honours."
"Yes master, Trophy Slut will do the honours." Betsy said.
Betsy pulled the sheet off the box revealing the body behind the Geisha mask. Until now, only the mask had been visible. Ai stood behind a clear screen like a doll in a packaged box. In her peripheral vision, she glanced at Betsy who was clearly emotionally defeated and covered in everyone's sexual release including her own. It wasn't a party Ai was eager to join. But she had no choice. The audible gasps from the chorus below at least made Ai feel appreciated.
"Holy shit." Charlie said. "Kind of reminds me of Tia."
Of course, it would remind him of his fiancé. Ai and her sister had almost identical bodies. Only their face were strikingly different.
"I give you the Geisha Doll. She won't be interactive like Trophy Slut, but she's got a nice set of tight holes ready to be used."
That was a lie, but she couldn't tell them that. She couldn't tell them anything. If this had been a random group of men, then it was possible for Ai to talk and interact. But Li had prevented that possibility. Ai needed to maintain her anonymity. By talking, not only would she admit to having watched all of them do every sexual thing imaginable to Betsy, but then she'd also admit that this was the kind of work she was doing for her company. She would be showing them that she wasn't a respectable team leader on a project, but a sex doll sent out to clients to generate business. She wasn't an employee; she was just company property.
This would all be nothing in comparison to admitting who she was after she engaged with anyone sexually. Once she crossed that threshold, it was over. She would have to be a perfect sex doll for the remainder of the time or risk being disowned by her family, even though they had happily participated in fucking a random woman. Like Kim's and Ai's careers, it was double standards all over again. A woman being a sex doll was fine as long as it wasn't anyone in their family.
Li opened the front of the box and took Ai out, placing her momentarily in front. He led Betsy into the box and rigged a vibrator so that her panties held it in place inside her pussy.
"Remain still until we need you." Li said.
"Yes master, Trophy Slut will remain still until you need her."
The only sound was the buzzing of the vibrator assaulting Betsy's pussy. Everyone was too focused on Ai to care. She was now the main attraction. All these men were going to fuck her one by one including her brother and father. This was all because she had tried to generate her own business behind Mr. Wagner's back.
Li carried Ai to an empty bedroom and placed her on the bed. Her hands and legs were tied to the four bed posts. Considering she was assigned to be a doll for the night, the rope restraints were redundant. But it wasn't that Li didn't trust her ability to remain still. It was for when someone tried to remove her mask. She'd have no chance to stop it. If they wanted to know who they were fucking before or, and this was the worst-case scenario, after they fucked her, the option was there. The mask was a guideline, not a rule.
"Li, you can't leave me like this." Ai said.
"Aren't you supposed to be a doll?"
"Li, they can take my mask off."
"Well, that's their choice then, isn't it?"
Her brother didn't give her a chance to respond as he disappeared into the next room. Ai was at the mercy of everyone's curiosity. The only safety net was that if someone did look under her mask after they fucked her, it would be in their best interest to keep it a secret or else they would become entangled in the controversy. The door opened and Charlie walked in. Of course, the man of the hour would have first honors.
He wasted no time in taking off the mask. Ai didn't react and stared ahead.
"Little Ai. The black sheep of the family." Charlie spit on her face. "Oh, how I'm going to enjoy this."
Charlie stripped his clothes off and joined Ai on the bed. He sat in front of her and lifted her hips onto his lap. The ropes constrained her outstretched arms, leaving little leeway to move. Charlie didn't care. He only wanted one thing.
"Your resemblance to your sister is uncanny." Charlie looked her up and down. "And I mean everything."
He kissed her unresponsive lips. And then her neck. Working his way down her body, he helped himself to a taste of both her sensitive nipples.
"You can stay in character all you want, but your nipples don't lie. I know you're enjoying this." Charlie said. He glanced towards her bottom. "Maybe you'll enjoy it more in the ass."
Fortunately, Charlie's size was nothing compared to previous partners Ai had shared her ass with. But it wasn't the size that worried her, it was the unhinged comments and behavior. Charlie was a perfect gentleman around her family, which was the only time he had seen her. The way he talked now revealed his preference for being in control. Was he like that behind closed doors with her sister? It would be impossible to tell given his two-faced personality.
Charlie lifted Ai and then lowered her ass slowly onto his cock. He didn't ask if it hurt, or if he should adjust. He treated her exactly like a doll without a care in the world. Her ass tightly gripped his cock and she settled momentarily as he adjusted his position for maximum mobility. Now at the mercy of the cock inside her, Ai's arms flailed as the rope bindings kept her in place. Charlie grabbed her waist and pleasured himself with his new sex doll.
"You got control; I'll give you that. Maybe you could teach your sister how to stay quiet in bed."
Having no way to brace herself, Ai had to let Charlie do all the work. It wasn't the minor discomfort of having her ass filled or even her vulnerable position that irked her the most, it was Charlie's version of dirty talk. The kind gentleman she knew on occasion was replaced by a douche bag. Why would her classy sister marry a guy like that? It was a one-way ticket into a nightmare.
"By the way, I convinced your sister to get bigger tits." Charlie said." You should really consider that. It might give you more career options."
Nothing good could come from talking back. Charlie had a unique ability of drawing attention to Ai's insecurities. She was the black sheep of the family and she was sensitive about her breast size. And usually, she kept those feelings tempered. But now, Charlie talked down to her with the most demeaning tone possible. He insinuated 'I am a doctor, and you are a whore.'
"You know I can pay for all that. Then to thank me, you can just come over and let me use that hot little body." Charlie said. "Exactly like I am right now."
How low would she have to stoop to accept that offer? She would basically become a fuck doll for her sister's husband. Was it really any better than what she did for Mr. Wagner? Humiliation being equal, the difference was payment. New tits versus income. At least the latter had limited ties to her. The less she dealt with her family, the better. Charlie was added to Ai's internal list of people she hoped to get revenge on, right behind Mr. Wagner and Li. They could have their fun now, but she would get the last laugh.
"All right my little fuck doll, I can't have all the fun. Or maybe I can later. We'll see how you handle daddy's cock first."
Charlie let Ai drop to the bed. He pulled his cock out and sprayed her expressionless face with a large load. After cleaning his package off in her mouth, which left an unwanted taste, he put the mask back on without the strap, instead letting his cum be the adhesive. Ai felt the mask sticking to her face with the strong scent of his sex filling her nasal cavity in the contained area. She hoped the mask stayed on and yet, she almost didn't care if it fell off. The choices were the constant smell of her sister's Fiancé or the risk of further humiliation. Both were horrible options.
***
The door burst open and Ai knew who was next before they opened their mouths. Brent and Neil's excitement carried on through their actions as Ai recalled through her observations of them throughout the night. The consumption of alcohol only made them louder and more aggressive, especially towards Betsy. Now, Ai was the target.
"Holy shit this is the best bachelor party ever." Brent said. "First that MILF doing everything we say and now this slut acting like a doll."
"You get the mouth; I get the pussy." Neil said.
"Screw you." Brent said.
"Fine we'll take turns, but I'm hitting that pussy first."
Brent agreed and took the mask off revealing Ai's cum coated face now slightly smeared by the pressure of the mask. She had only met Brent and Neil in passing, so there was no concern that they would recognize her. He put the mask back on.
"Looks like Charlie boy already marked his territory."
"It's that bad?" Neil asked.
"I can smell it from here."
Neil took note that the bed was king sized. "Remember how we always used to joke about DP?"
"I thought you said we're never going to do that."
"I believe it was unless the opportunity presented itself."
Brent walked around the bed and made the same conclusion about amount of space.
"Only if I'm pussy."
"Was hoping for a tight hole anyway." Neil said.
Neil and Brent fist bumped in agreement. These two knuckleheads were the least of Ai's worry. Sure, they were going to double penetrate her, but it was no different than what happened during the time stop filming. Just two random guys using her body for their pleasure.
The temporary break allowed her to relax and confront the thought of both her brother and father eventually making their way in to use her. What was she going to do if she had to look into her own father's eyes with his cum dripping out of her? How does a person begin to explain that?
Her mind was quickly wiped with the pleasure of not one, but two cocks using her body as a temporary home. Neil lay underneath her, holding her on top of him while his cock rode her ass. Brent knelt in front of her, filling her pussy. They worked in opposite motion ensuring she was always filled with one cock. With her arms and legs tied, she was helpless to move or adjust. Like a true doll, she was just along for the ride.
The rowdy duo were loud in their conquest, but it was short lived due to their alcohol consumption. Neil was the first to lose control in her ass followed very quickly by Brent in her pussy. She could smell the booze breath a from Neil's heavy panting. Even with their loud voices and unpleasant smells, they were the best guests so far. But that was already a low bar to begin with.
***
Ai could still feel the cocks inside her despite lying still and alone for ten minutes. It was a gift in her current state. The door finally opened, and the heavy, hesitant stomps were a dead giveaway. Her father was finally up, and he had a real sex doll all to himself. If he was sex deprived at home, then in this fantasy room, anything was possible. His steps were accompanied by an additional clack against the hardwood floor.
"Go stand in the corner Trophy Slut." Her father's raspy voice said.
"Yes master, Trophy Slut will stand in the corner."
Betsy walked by Ai to the corner. If Ai was being honest, Betsy had by far the worse night. But the woman still never had to fuck her sister's fiancé or her own father. The moment Ai was dreading was finally here. And she hated that her body was primed and ready from all the fucking because the worst thing about it was that she was going to derive pleasure from all the build up. There was nothing she could do even if she wanted to. The choice was out of her hands. Speaking of which, Ai felt the warm hands spread her legs further.
The contrast between the other two sessions was evident immediately. Her father, Jin, was gentle and more curious than Ai had anticipated. But she knew her father. Zero to one hundred was how he lived his life. Extreme caution and then, when certain, ahead at full throttle. He was examining Ai's body, not just for anything left behind from the other men, but for any signs of STD's that could hurt him. Of course, Ai had to be clean. Mr. Wagner wouldn't send her out if she wasn't. But even with a contract in place, Jin had to have his own assurance.
Ai felt the slender fingers enter and tenderly massaging the inside of her pussy. The light touches and slow pace allowed Ai to keep her composure. Or so she thought. His tongue playfully flicked her overly sensitive clit. The sudden burst of pleasure escaped from Ai's mouth as a loud moan.
Jin lifted his head and said in Japanese. "I'm going to make you scream."
Hearing her native tongue surprised Ai. Unbeknownst to most people she had slept with, hearing dirty talk in her own language was a huge turn on she seldom experienced in the Western world. It's as if her father knew every little intricate preference. Or he was just repeating what had worked on her mother. Genetics never lied. As Jin, worked her clit with his mouth and her pussy with one hand, his other hand moved up to Ai's nipples to grope and pinch them. Another moan escaped her trembling lips, which only encouraged him to keep going.
"Good girl." Jin said in Japanese.
The overwhelming sensations were now causing her body to involuntarily spasm. Every little touch revealed how much pleasure was coursing through her body. And that was a problem. Jin was still testing the waters. If he was this good with a gentle touch, how good was he with a stern hand?
The switched flipped. Jin twisted her nipple and shoved an additional finger deep inside her. His tongue and fingers worked in unison faster and faster. The sudden change overwhelmed Ai's mental concentration. She screamed and moaned from the consistent barrage on all her sensitive areas. Sensing her imminent climax, her father cleared the way and solely focused on her pussy adding another finger and pumping until she could no longer hold it. Ai's moans grew to a thunderous roar and then subsided as she squirted all over the bed. Her father had brought her to orgasm in a way no one had ever done before. Every button was perfectly pushed in the exact order she unknowingly preferred. Realizing that her mother was once in her position was another thought she didn't need.
Jin muttered to himself in Japanese. He was proud of his work. If that was the warm-up, what was the encore going to be like? The rattling of his belt buckle and the sound of his pants hitting the floor answered that question. Ai braced herself for the second most humiliating thing that could happen in her life. The first being having to look her father in the eye as he did it. Her pussy was primed for sex from the squirting. Despite her thoughts towards her partner, her body screamed for more. She was going to enjoy this whether she wanted to or not.
Jin hesitated as he teased her entrance with the tip of his cock. The dread of simultaneously wanting him to get it over with and not wanting him to because of the implications lingered with the soft touch of his cock. Ai broke her gaze with the dot on the ceiling, which had done nothing to help her maintain her focus and control. She glanced down her body at her father. He stared back. Then he didn't.
"Trophy Slut." His tone was in broken English as he transitioned back to his own language. "Take off her mask."
Ai's head snapped towards Betsy. Did Betsy know that this was Ai's father? After hours and hours of following the most degrading commands right away, her hesitation at the simple command spoke volumes.
"Trophy Slut!" Jin's voice raised in anger.
Ai understood what Betsy needed to do and her brief pause would not be forgotten. The moment of truth was finally upon Ai. Her father was finally going to see what his daughter was doing with her life. Somehow, instead of finding fame and fortune with her best friend, she had opted to study for her exam. That led her into a useless career as a corporate fuck doll. A toy for men. They fucked her without regard for her own pleasure and then sent her back dirty and soiled. And despite what her father thought of that service, he was one of the many men who indulged in it. The hypocrisy never ceased to amaze Ai.
Or would Jin feign ignorance and ignore that the fact that the hired model looked exactly like his daughter? In fact, she looked a lot like a younger version of her mother, which offered him a chance to relive his glory days. Based on his earlier performance, Ai and her mother had more than their looks in common. Another similarity that should have tipped Jin off to the doll's identity even if he didn't want to believe it.
Betsy pulled the mask off gingerly as the drying cum symbolized Ai's own hands reaching out to keep her identity a secret. But alas, the mask came free and Ai was left naked in front of her harshest critic. They locked eyes. He stepped back slightly, the gears turning in his head, trying to rationalize making his own daughter squirt. It was an awkward ten seconds, but it felt like an hour.
With the both of them locked in a moral dilemma, it was Betsy that couldn't handle the tension. She hopped up on the bed and sat on Ai's head while she faced Jin's direction.
"Are you going to fuck this doll, master?" Betsy said.
Why was she encouraging this? Maybe she didn't know the relationship between Jin and Ai. Or maybe she did, and it was the only way to convince Jin that the doll was just an Ai doppelganger. Even so, he now knew the doll looked like his daughter. Betsy started grinding on Ai's face and moaned in faux pleasure to set the mood. Ai could no longer see his reaction, but the feeling of the tip of his cock suggested he had made up his mind.
Ai opened her mouth and licked the pussy grinding on her face to distract herself from the cock that entered her. After a few timid thrusts of indecision, she felt her legs lifted. There was enough slack on the ropes that allowed Betsy to hold Ai's legs in the air. Again, her father somehow knew exactly which buttons to push. Buttons she didn't even know existed. The angle of her pussy with her legs in the air, the mixing of fast and slow paces, and the aggressive teasing of her nipples made it impossible for Ai to avoid her own building orgasm. It all but confirmed that her mother had identical sexual tendencies and preferences.
Slowing down and speeding up, Jin took Ai on a ride of emotions. She was on the brink of orgasm, and then she wasn't. Over and over again, she wanted to climax but was denied the luxury. And in turn that made every subsequent peak stronger. Her father's stamina was exceptional as his carefully crafted plan of sexual attack was executed to perfection. Betsy was the first to cum as Ai's oral performance became stronger with each orgasm denial. Tasting and soaking in Betsy's juices only furthered her own need to release.
"You dirty little slut." Jin said in Japanese.
Ai's ass was tender from the constant barrage of her father going balls deep inside her. It was humiliating that the best sex she ever had was with her dad. The peaks continued to build until she was on the verge of experiencing ecstasy. Like the first climax he gave her, Jin sensed her imminent liberation from the pent-up sexual energy and grabbed her legs.
"Get off." Jin yelled at Betsy.
Caught up in the moment with Jin and Ai, Betsy did not hesitate this time. Ai's moans were no longer muffled by the barrier of Betsy's ass. Her cum and pussy soaked face cried in pleasure as Jin did not slow his pace to kill another orgasm. Instead, he sped up by stretching her legs wide and using them as leverage to push and pull his body like he was rowing a boat. Ai's hands were tightly bound and there was nothing she could do but succumb to the overwhelming surge of physical and mental stimuli. While looking at her face again, Jin's endurance seemed to disappear. Gone was the man who could bring her to the highest peak and lowest valley. Replaced by a man who could only last a few minutes. With the last few powerful thrusts, he lost the grip on her legs and fell over top of her while his load simultaneously filled her up.
Their faces were inches apart. She felt the familiar feeling of cum inside her. Did she dare open her mouth and risk confirming her identity with the sound of her voice? It's as if he were waiting for one final signal that this was indeed his daughter. But she also knew his mind wouldn't easily accept that. To do so would be to admit failure as a parent, something he took great pride in.
"What is your name?" Jin asked.
Nothing could be gained by speaking.
"I said what is your name?"
Did she attempt a fake voice or keep her silence? To her relief, the door opened. To her dismay, it was Li. There was an awkward silence between all three of them. By the confusion on Li's face, he had not expected their father to take her mask off.
"You almost done with the doll?" Li asked.
Jin lifted himself up with his cock still inside her.
"Why did you get a model that looks like your sister?"
Li and Ai looked at each other. It would not have surprised her if he broke the façade and revealed the truth.
"I didn't pick the model. But hey, maybe we can tell Ai there's a line of work she can excel in." Li said.
"Get out." Jin yelled in Japanese.
He turned back to Ai and pulled out. The look he gave her was no longer confusion or hesitation. It was contempt and disgust. He refused to believe that it was Ai and furthermore still regarded her actions as a disappointment, despite enjoying the spoils. Jin turned to Betsy.
"Clean her up."
Betsy meekly walked over and knelt between Ai's legs. She lowered her body and started lapping up the remnants of Jin leaking from Ai's pussy. Ai never stopped staring at her father until he finished dressing and left the room. Once the door shut, her body deflated from the most emotional and physical sexual experience she had ever endured. Part of her was craving more depravity. Maybe her father was right to look down on her. Maybe she was just a stupid sex toy. It's certainly how Mr. Wagner used her. And he had made sure he kept firm control of that.
Of all the things that had happened, the one thing that remained on her mind was the look that her father had given her. It was the exact opposite of proud. The sex doll didn't have a chance to change his mind, but thankfully Ai did. Unless the truth came out, she was still his underachieving daughter, not some degraded whore. One way or another, she would make him proud.
With that thought briefly resolved, Ai allowed herself to feel the rest of her body. The powerful scents of various people all over both her and Betsy shocked her olfactory system. But it wasn't the worst of the senses. Her face had the familiar feeling of caked-on make-up. But it wasn't make-up. And it was sticky to the touch, as she had trouble parting her lips. Between the sights, smells and most of all, the rollercoaster of humiliation, it was an evening she would never forget, even though she wanted to.
Betsy carried out her command between Ai's legs in silence. There wasn't much she could say after a situation like that. Ai didn't blame her; anything would be considered awkward. But she wanted Betsy to know that her hesitation and using her face as a seat to hide her identity were appreciated.
"Thanks, Betsy." Ai said.
Betsy got up with her mouth dripping from Jin's cum and nodded. Before she could say anything, however, the door swung open.
"Finally, my dear sister, another chance to lust over your beautiful body." Li said as he shut the door. "You can leave now Trophy Slut."
Betsy was beyond addressing the men with the enthusiasm from earlier in the night. A slight nod was all she could muster. Li didn't care. He only had one goal on his mind. Before he could undress, the door opened again.
Li's brow tightened. He turned around. "What!"
"Some guy is here to see you." Brent said.
"Right now?"
"Yah. He looks pretty important."
"Fuck." Li said under his breath. "No one touch her, I have dibs now."
Li walked out of the room and Ai breathed a sigh of relief. Seeing Li's frustration put a smile on her face, even if it was a little one. But her curiosity was also piqued. Who could be at the door?
***
It was an exhausting shoot, but Kim went through the motions with the rest of the dancers. With Norris gone, there was no one to ask for help. She was at the mercy of Rolland Hills and Mason. So, she played her part with hopes of a brighter tomorrow and a reduced size in lips.
After the shoot was done, Kim hurried to the washroom. Bathroom breaks were not permitted, and Kim had used all her willpower to maintain focus on the task at hand and not the dam that was about to burst. The problem was everyone else had the same problem and Kim was one of the last to arrive at an exceptionally long line. She tried dancing, she tried bargaining her way up, she tried thinking of anything but the flow of water. But fate was cruel. People drank water around her. Crews cleaned set pieces with hoses. Even the weather was smiling sadistically upon her as the rain rattled on the tin roof of the set warehouse.
Finally, there was nothing left to do but give in. Kim stopped trying and released the last ounce of her dignity for the day. The urine soaked her tiny thong within a second. The rest leaked through and dribbled down her legs as puddled formed below. The girls around her backed up and created a wide circle as the famous pop star pissed herself in front of everyone. Some girls laughed. Some were in shock. Some were already on their phones capturing it on video and sending it everywhere on the internet. It was liberating to finally be free of the horrible feeling of holding it in. But now every other emotion was actively weighing her down. She covered her face to limit the recognition as phones lit up. Once her stream ended, she darted from view. It was time to leave what could only be described as nightmare.
Kim returned to her dressing room to grab her stuff, but her bags were gone. She grabbed the nearest stagehand.
"Who the hell went in my dressing room?"
The stagehand looked confused.
"Kim Ai left with Rolland ten minutes ago."
"No, I'm Kim Ai. That was Kin whatever."
The stagehand gave her a hard look and motioned at the lips.
"I got my lips done!" Kim grabbed him by the collar. "If you ever want to work in this industry again, you better tell me where they went."
She wasn't sure if it was the threat or her overall aggressive attitude, but the man was clearly intimidated.
"They went to an afterparty at Northland Suites."
Kim shoved him down. She searched and found Kin's phone and ID and then left the set. There was no way she was going to let some back-up dancer steal her identity. Not after all she worked for. Payback was going to be a bitch.