All of my writing is fiction and the stories and characters are all products of my imagination. They were created for my fun and, hopefully, your enjoyment. Some of the events in the stories are not particularly condoned nor encouraged by the author but are there to create and enhance the story of the imaginary characters and their lives. Comments are always encouraged and carefully reviewed. All characters within the story are 18 years of age or older. Hope you enjoy!
*****
If opposites attract, then Melissa and Kelsey should have attracted. And they did. From the time Mrs. Wharton seated them next to each other in the back row of her fourth-grade class where they could exchange notes and giggle together, they were like the north and south poles of two magnets, stuck together and very difficult to get apart. They had been nearly inseparable friends through elementary and junior high school and, in high school had double dated whenever possible, which wasn't too frequent (the reasons for that will be explained later} and then in college, they double dated quite often, being roommates, first in the dorm and then the apartment they shared in this, their junior year.
Now for the explanation about the lack of double dating in high school. It had to do with that first thing mentioned above, opposites. They were indeed opposites. Kelsey was about five foot four, well, actually, exactly five foot four as, no matter how many times she measured herself, she wasn't growing any taller. She had very dark hair, nearly black and always cut very short, and her eyes matched her hair. Her grandmother had been born in Syria and had come to the US at age 3. This accounted for Kelsey's dark complexion that made her look eternally sun-tanned, much to the chagrin of many of her classmates. She was even a bit of a contradiction herself, for lack of a better way to describe it. She was athletic, playing soccer in the fall and softball in the spring. She worked hard at being an athlete and that was a bit of the contradiction.
If you saw Kelsey in the weight room lifting dead weights, you were a little amazed at how the muscles in her back and shoulders seemed to ripple each time she lifted. If she was doing squats, the muscles in her quads looked like taught ropes, nearly ready to explode. If she was doing toe lifts, her calves looked like two rocks, squeezed under the dark skin of her legs. If she was just standing there talking to you, you thought that if her hair were a little longer and she was a little taller and her boobs were just a mite bigger, she might be in Playboy. Not exercising, she was sleek and smooth and, well, just very appealing. Consequently, she had no trouble getting dates although, at the very beginning, because of her very short hair, there were suggestions that she might not like to, um, date boys. Those were quickly dispelled after a few guys asked her out and found her to be, well, just as she looked, very appealing.
Now about Melissa's issue. Melissa, very unlike Kelsey, was blond, very blond with very beautiful blue eyes that matched her blondness very well. She was very non-athletic and looked it. Just a bit to the slender side, her figure was, never-the-less, very watchable and she was often watched. Long legs, narrow waist, a pretty face, she was quite a package. What then was the problem with her dating? It started with Melissa's mother who was five foot eleven and her father, who was six foot five. Melissa had stopped measuring some time ago, when she hit an even six feet tall. Since then she had added another inch and maybe two, she wouldn't say exactly. And that created the problem. Melissa totally and absolutely refused to date anyone that wasn't taller than she was. In their small high school, that left only two eligible males until senior year when number three moved into the district.
Despite Melissa's moves on him, he didn't seem to interested in asking her for a date until Kelsey cornered him one day and asked him what was up with that. It didn't take too long to find out that he was used to always towering over all his dates and Melissa was, well, a little intimidating. In plain talk, Kelsey told him to get some balls and ask her for a date. Caught between intimidating Melissa and a somewhat frightening Kelsey, he did the noble thing and, finally, they got to have a double date. Plus, with Kelsey's continuing encouragement, they had a few more even though Melissa wasn't enthralled with the rather lackadaisical attitude of Mr. tall guy. Of course, she didn't know about Melissa's, um, encouragement that was taking place.
In college, things changed. At a school with 21,000 students, give or take a few, the were plenty of guys taller than six foot two and Melissa was making up for lost time. Neither of them was anxious for anything permanent so most of their dates were casual and hands off. Of course, with college guys, hot after babes and being their first time away from home, that meant not a lot of second dates. Plenty of guys to go around though, so no issue.
Now that things had moved along with the casual dating, school work going well, getting enough to eat, etc., something new had begun to happen with the girls. It became a challenge to somehow expose the other, to somehow make skin visible that was not usually visible. Maybe even to embarrass the other with something in a voyeuristic or maybe even sexual way. For instance, Kelsey had cut one of the side straps on one of Melissa's bras nearly through, so much so that, when Mel was a little bored in one of her classes and yawned and stretched, the strap gave way and there she was, in a Nike t-shirt with her bra hanging half-off. A temporary adjustment, then a trip to the rest room and removal, but now braless in the little t-shirt with the appropriate bumps on the shirt announcing the braless condition. Three more classes before she could remedy the situation found her often red-faced and trying to hold one arm across her chest to hide the obvious dilemma for her and enjoyment for her male classmates. Because of her height, she tended to be looked at quite a bit anyway and the bumps and bouncing breasts were just an addition.
Melissa had lots of time to think while she was glowing red and awkwardly holding the arm across her chest and, after a little effort, a light blinked. Her dad had told her about something his college fraternity did to new pledges. They went to a large open field, blindfolded them and had them strip naked. Then they put something called Heet, a liniment, on their balls, sprayed them with water which made it turn to instant fire and had them run around the field. Anyone who slowed down in their running got whacked with a paddle that all the upperclassmen had. So, she stopped by the drug store, bought a bottle of Heet and headed home. When she got there, she went to Kelsey's underwear drawer and soaked the crotch of all her panties with the Heet.
When Kelsey showed up that evening Melissa had the scissors in hand and chased her around threatening to cut not only clothing but also body parts as well. After a good laugh, Kelsey wanted to hear about Melissa's afternoon with nipple bumps and bouncing boobs. Neither of the two were exhibitionists of any kind and were always careful to be sure that nothing untoward was showing. It was two days later as they were eating dinner that Kelsey mentioned that she might have to go to the student health center as she thought she might have some kind of a vaginal infection because she was certainly burning down there all the time. Melissa was amazed that she could keep from bursting out laughing but, somehow, she managed.
It was the next morning when Kelsey took a clean pair of undies from her drawer and was just closing it that she thought she detected a strange odor. A nose to the drawer and, being an athlete, the odor there was very familiar. She took the pair of panties she had just selected and, feeling a little strange, sniffed the crotch. She had heard the story of the fraternity and the liniment as well. What to do now? Only one choice as she was due for class soon. It would be semi-commando today, much to her chagrin, but there was no other choice. During the day she did discover that her vaginal infection and the burning had disappeared. Today she made sure she was home first. There was no paddle of course but they did have a wooden yardstick which she thought might be appropriate. When she heard Melissa fumbling with her key at the door, she jumped behind the door. When it opened and Melissa stepped inside there was a resounding "thwack" as the yardstick caught her square on the butt. She squealed, a shocked expression on her face.
"You're not blindfolded but you sure as hell better be running," Kelsey said, and before Melissa could move, there was another "thwack" sound.
Another squeal, a light blinking on and Melissa realized that she'd been found out. She turned to run but the yardstick was quicker, catching her on the thigh this time. She tried to get away but Kelsey was quick and the yardstick was long. Three more painful whacks and Kelsey was satisfied. She stopped and just looked at Melissa.
"Did your vaginal infection get taken care of?" Mel giggled out. The yardstick was raised again.
"Yes, it did. My underwear is in the washer now. And you better beware when you take a shower or any other time your butt is bare as Mr. yardstick and I may want just a tiny bit more revenge."
"Well, you better remember that I still have that bottle of Heet too. Plus, if you didn't ogle the guys and get wet down there it probably wouldn't have bothered you." Melissa stuck her tongue out at Kelsey. There were a couple of good-looking guys in her classes, maybe more, and one of them wore the tightest pants possible so there was always an intriguing lump right at his crotch that Kelsey found hard to stop from checking out quite often. Melissa had walked over and quickly pulled the elastic waist band of Kelsey's pants out far enough to glance down. "Of course, wearing no underwear to class doesn't help either." Another thwack from the yardstick.
It was two days later and Kelsey had gotten home from classes first again and was resting on the couch attempting to read a psychology text book that she was finding totally boring when Melissa came in, smiling. Nothing was said and Melissa plopped into a chair with her own book, but obviously wasn't even looking at it.
"Okay, smiley," Kelsey said. "what's with the grin?"
"Nothing," was the dreamy reply.
"Ummm, bull shit. You know who you're talking to here don't you."
"Sure." Same smile, gazing at the window.
"I guess I'm going to have to find out," Kelsey threatened, heading for Melissa.
"Kel, stay away." Hands up and scrunching down in the chair. "Okay, okay."
Kelsey sat back down. "Is that a guy smile?"
"Could be." Kelsey stood up again. "Yeah, yeah, it is." A big sigh from Melissa. "I was walking into my math class today and there was someone walking in right beside me. When I looked at him, I had to tip my head back. You know how many times that happens, Kel?" Another sigh. "Never. It just doesn't happen. And you know what else? He was looking down at me with the biggest, dreamiest brown eyes I think I've ever seen. And when we sat down, he just kept looking at me. And he made sure to sit down right next to me. Oh lord, I sure didn't learn much math today."
"I believe you're breathing a little harder than normal, Mel. Could that be true?" She hadn't seen Melissa like this for a long time and it might be very interesting.
"Damek Svoboda." Melissa sighed out.
"I'm sorry, what was that you said?"
"Damek Svoboda. That's his name."'
"Where does that come from?"
"He's six foot nine and he's from Czechoslovakia. He's here on a basketball scholarship and he had to change math classes because the one he was in was going to conflict with basketball practice."
"Is he like Andre the Giant or what?"
"Oh my gosh, no. He's gorgeous. Kind of curly hair, those big brown eyes, everything about him is big."
"Everything?" Kelsey asked mischievously.
"Oh, shut up! You're one to talk. When was the last time a guy ogled you?"
She had a point there, Kelsey decided. It had been a while.
"He was so polite. He shook hands with me and asked my name. Now, his hand may have been like Andre the Giant. Huge - huge. When we stood up to leave, he asked when my next class was and, since I didn't have another for two hours, and neither did he, he asked if we could go get a Coke and I could tell him all about the USA. That's what we did. Shit, Kel, I don't think his eyes left my face for the whole two hours. Oh," and now she giggled. "When we got up to leave, he said he'd see me tomorrow in class and he'd have a proposal for me. I think my eyes got as big as saucers or something - I wasn't quite ready for marriage yet - and he apologized for his English and asked if he had said something wrong. So, we talked about "proposal" and it was his turn to laugh. He said he just wanted to be sure to see me again for a, and he hesitated, 'a date is it?' he added.
"He doesn't seem to waste any time, does he?"
"He's adorable," Melissa added, a far-away look on her face.
"Six foot nine, everything is big, and he's adorable?"
"You wouldn't understand," Melissa answered, clucking her tongue at Kelsey.
"Guess not."
For the next week or so, Kelsey heard a lot about Damek Svoboda. If fact, she got to meet him twice. Her first impression of him was that he was BIG, but seemed very nice. Also, walking together, Damek and Melissa made a very impressive couple. Just curious, Kelsey had asked him a question when they first met.
"Now, how tall are you?"
"About two hundred sex centimeters," Damek answered in his deep voice coupled with a thick Czech accent.
Kelsey smiled, appreciating his sense of humor.
"And, weigh about hundred twenty kilos."
She thought she remembered what Melissa had told her but she'd try to remember those numbers and put her calculator to good use.
On those few times Damek dropped by, they'd sit and talk and he was happy to share about his childhood and what his life had been like before coming to the USA. Kelsey actually enjoyed talking to him and was very happy for Melissa as she practically drooled over him each time she saw him and even when talking about him.
One day Melissa said, "I decided I'd go watch him play basketball, like I'd know what they were doing. They wouldn't let me in, told me the women's team was practicing in the other gym and I'd better hurry up or I'd be late for practice. Made me mad, dang it. Why do people think, just because I'm tall, that I'm a basketball player?"
Of course, Kelsey wanted to say that's exactly why they think you're a basketball player. But it would just make Melissa mad so she kept her mouth shut.
Another time when they were talking Melissa was bubbling. "Do you know how much professional basketball players make," she excitedly asked Melissa.
"Millions."
"I know, millions. Wouldn't that be nice?
"So, do you have your mansion picked out yet. And is it here or in Czechoslovakia? And when is the wedding?"
Melissa frowned at her.
"How long have you known him now? A week or so?"
"Doesn't hurt to plan ahead," Melissa answered, a smirk on her face which changed to a conspiratorial look. Do you know what Lisa said to me?"
Melissa raised one eyebrow. She wasn't even quite sure who Lisa was.
"She asked me if he had fucked my brains out yet and how big was it? I couldn't believe that, and when I didn't answer she asked if I'd at least given him a blow job?" With that she plopped down in a chair. "What's the world coming to when you're supposed to give a blowjob by at least the second date?"
Of course, Kelsey knew that wasn't going to happen with Melissa. No way. And Damek would have to be satisfied with that or find another beautiful, six foot two inch (or maybe a little more) blond to hang out with. But she did want to have a little bit of fun since that very broad and general subject had come up.
"So, what are you doing to do about that?"
"What do you mean," came the response from a puzzled Melissa.
"Well, you aren't going to give him a blow job in public," she paused, "are you?" A glare from the blond. "So, you need to let your friends know that, despite that not happening, he's your guy."
Now Melissa was getting suspicious.
"Here's the deal. Tomorrow, when you meet him outside of class, like I know you do, you're going to walk up to him, pull his head down and give him a kiss, a REAL kiss, open mouth, tongue and all." Melissa's eyes got big as saucers. "You have at least kissed him, haven't you?"
A disgusted, "Yes," from Melissa, but no reply to the suggestion.
"I dare you! Yeah, I dare you."
To Kelsey's surprise, Melissa actually seemed to be thinking about it. If she finally decided to do it, Kelsey would break her neck to be there to see it. As she gazed at the big blond, one of Melissa's eyes closed and she took a deep breath.
"I accept your dare on one condition. I have a dare for you."
Kelsey's enthusiasm dwindled a little at that thought but, she decided it would be worth it. "I accept. Tell me the dare." She quickly realized she should have heard the dare before accepting but it was too late now.
"Tomorrow is commando Tuesday for Kelsey." A big smile crossed Melissa's face. She knew how Kelsey was with that sort of thing. She liked her body and thought that, generally speaking, it was nice. But she liked to keep it kind of private. She frowned back at Melissa. "And I get to pick what you wear."
Now this could get a little problematical. She didn't think that Melissa would wrap her in Saran Wrap and send her off to classes but she wasn't at all sure what else she might do. Too late now, she realized. She had agreed to it and neither of them went back on agreements. It was a thing that had stuck with them from fourth grade to now. Of course, as reluctant as she was about showing her body, she knew that Melissa was equally fraught with embarrassment about public displays of affection. And, with the 206 centimeter Czech and the 187 centimeter Melissa (Kelsey had used her calculator) often being the center of attention wherever they went, this would be a very public display.
Despite her not being anxious for it to happen, morning arrived and with it, the necessity to dress for school. With a big grin, Melissa marched into Kelsey's room and began going through her dresser drawers. She turned to look at Kelsey.
"Which is the underwear drawer, so I know which one to skip." Even that simple reminder made Kelsey shiver just a mite. She knew that lots of her fellow students went without underwear, well, maybe not lots, but at least some did. It was no big deal. She'd probably be the only one to know it - she hoped. Triumphantly, Melissa held something up.
"Here ya go. Slip into these." She handed Kelsey something black and shiny.
"Oh my gosh, I haven't worn those since, since . . ." she thought a second, "since sophomore year in high school." They were a pair of spandex shorts, fairly short actually and they looked very small.
"Good. We'll get to see how much bigger your butt has gotten." This had started out with Kelsey daring Melissa but, it seemed like Mel was actually looking forward to the big kiss, and Kel was very nervous about what her day would be like.
Melissa slipped off her pajama bottoms and pulled the shorts on. Actually, she pulled, then pulled, shimmied a little, pulled again and finally had them on. She had always thought she had a nice butt. This outfit would certainly let all her observers today have a chance to form their own opinions.
"I hope they don't split," she said, glaring a little at Mel.
"Hope I'm there if they do," was the answer.
Fairly quickly, Melissa had picked out a plain white tee shirt, a little thinner than Kelsey would have liked. There was nothing she could do though as she put it on and looked down at herself. The nipples were definitely there, not obscenely visible but very much there. She'd do her best to just forget about that and hope the day passed quickly.
They gathered for breakfast, a light breakfast as usual, Melissa giggling the whole time with Kelsey attempting to glare at her and trying to remind her of the spectacle she'd be, giving hot tongue to Damek. Unfortunately, she got the vibe that Melissa might actually be going to enjoy this and, she was sure the huge hunk would find her very tasty due to the gobs of mouthwash she used right after breakfast. The crucial class time was 2:00 pm and Kelsey would be there for sure. They parted, heading their separate ways for early classes.
Not unusual, when Kelsey got to Milander Hall, the site of her first class, she had to pee. She took care of that little chore, and not easily, having to get the spandex shorts off and then back on. She wondered if anyone heard her grunting and mistook it for a possible case of constipation. She stopped to wash her hands and glanced at herself in the mirror. She could hardly get her breath. She hadn't seen it at home but, those nipples which stuck out just a tiny bit enticingly were surrounded by a darker circle, clearly visible through the thin material. She almost took a paper towel and put it under the shirt but knew that would be cheating on the dare. She knew she'd be carrying books in front of her chest when she walked but would just have to "let it show" when she was sitting in class. Maybe this would get her a boyfriend, she thought, nearly gagging at that idea. So off she went to class, titties on display in front and tight ass wiggling in the rear.
Going into room 103, the lecture hall, things were pretty crowded, as usual, as everyone tended to wait till the last minute to go inside. As she was about to go through the door, she felt a gentle pat on her butt. Her head snapped around to see three guys behind her, two staring at their phones and a third, talking with a friend. It was probably one of the phone guys and it disgusted her that they'd do that, right out in public. She sat down at her seat and thought about the butt-pat again. She almost smiled. Someone had thought her butt nice enough they wanted to touch it. Disgusting a little, perhaps, but she decided she'd take it as a compliment. Not that she wanted it to happen all day, but . . .
As she left the lecture hall and headed down the hallway in a big crowd she heard, behind her, "Nice ass." This time she didn't look around. Another compliment. It was hard to be totally objective in cases like this but she thought she might have a nice ass after all. She was able to cover the dark-circled tits for most of the day but her butt was free to wiggle as much as it felt like doing. Actually, she had stopped worrying about that and did get three more, "nice ass" comments as she moved on toward the two o'clock date with "the kiss".
Kelsey got to the spot outside the room where Melissa had her math class and stood a little away so she could get a good overall view. Damek was the first to arrive and he stood outside the room, looking around over the tops of people's heads, trying to spot Melissa, who, of course, would be easy to spot over those heads. Kelsey saw her coming, watched her walk right up to Damek, put an arm around his neck and pull his head down to her. She kissed him and Kelsey could actually see her cheeks working as she was kissing per the instructions of the dare. Damek looked surprised for about two seconds, then was an eager participant in the action. It was at least 10 seconds long and Kelsey almost couldn't believe she was doing it. Finally, Mel turned him loose to scattered applause from those gathered around. Melissa took his hand and they headed through the classroom door.
Kelsey did get one more ass-pat that afternoon and this time she turned around to see just one guy behind her, looking a little guilty. She glared at him.
"Too nice to ignore," he said quietly. "Too nice." She stood facing him until he walked away. She couldn't help but smile.
When Kelsey got home, she decided to stay dressed the way she was in order to confront Melissa about the unevenness of the dares. In just a few minutes, Mel was there.
"Did you see it? She said immediately.
"Yeah, I did. You got applause.
"That isn't all I got. Damek gave me some nice tongue and a thank you."
"Well, I wanted to talk to you about that. Your part of the dare lasted, what, 10 or 15 seconds?" She stood up and stuck out her chest at Melissa, then turned around and patted her butt. "Mine lasted the whole frickin' day. You got applause and I got pats on the butt and a few 'nice ass' comments."
"It was your dare that started it. Don't try to blame your wiggling your ass at guys on me." Melissa ducked as she thought Kelsey might hit her.
"You forgot to mention how this shirt looked too. Thank the lord I went in the restroom before my first class and saw it."
"I thought it was kind of cute, that you could give guys a little hint about the goodies hiding under the shirt." She ducked again.
"If we're going to do a dare, it should be somehow even for both of us. Like doing the same thing."
"You ready for another dare," Melissa said defiantly. "Go for it. This one was kind of fun." She remembered how surprised she was that she had really, really enjoyed kissing Damek.
Kelsey smiled. She was actually ready for this.
"Okay, I'll spell it out and you can do it or chicken out."
"No way I'll chicken out. If you can do it, so can I." She had stiffened her neck and looked very defiant and ready.
"Here it is. You know the park down at the end of Mullin Street?" A shake of the head from Melissa. "It has a parking lot at each end of the walking path that goes through it. The path is almost exactly two miles long." Now she looked at Melissa with an evil grin. "We'll park your car in one of the lots and my car in the other. We'll walk to the middle and hide a bag of . . . " she paused for effect, "of clothes. Then you go back to your car and I go to mine. We'll pick a time and set our watches so they're the same." Melissa now had a puzzled but anticipatory look on her face. "We strip naked in our cars and walk down the path, naked, to the sack. The first person there gets the sack and heads back for their car. The person who gets there last has to walk naked to the other car."
"Are you serious?"
"I knew you'd chicken out."
"I haven't chickened out. If you do it, I will." Melissa was saying things that she wasn't sure she really believed. The word 'naked' kept rattling around in her mind. That was no clothes and bare skin, in public. There had to be more. "So, is there more?"
"This is honor system stuff. No running, you have to walk the whole time. You get two times where you can get off the path and hide, but no more than two. Still up for it?"
"Yup." She was terrified and hoped it didn't show but no way was she backing down.
Kelsey had thought for sure that Melissa would back out, wouldn't be willing to do it so she hadn't thought too much about what it was going to be like. 'Naked' was also echoing in her brain. Getting your spandex wrapped ass patted a couple of times was quite a bit different than being naked in the park. Quite a bit different.
They decided on a day and a time. That was the easy part. When that day came and the time was approaching, it got a little more, well, nerve-wracking. The had each put shorts, blouse and underwear in the bag along with cell phones and car keys. They walked to the one-mile marker and carefully hid the bag off the trail and behind some bushes. Satisfied that it was secure, they wished each other good luck and headed back to their respective cars. Each watched carefully to see how many people they encountered along the trail and were relieved that there were very few. The time of the afternoon they had chosen seemed to be working out well although, they both wished they'd encounter zero people along their way. Maybe midnight would have been a better time. The realization that it was very unlikely that would happen was becoming more prominent and each was wondering how they would react when the inevitable happened.
Back in their respective cars, each looked around carefully, then stripped, the air touching their bodies quickly reminding them of that ever-recurring word, naked. They had set their watches, the only thing beside shoes they were allowed to wear and the time came. Both had parked at the edge of the woods and the path and quickly hopped out. They locked the cars and started, both nearly overwhelmed by the feelings that swamped their consciousness. They were . . . NAKED.
Melissa had hardly gotten started when she became aware of a pair of ladies approaching her. She decided to not use one of her "hides" and just walked toward them.
"Sorority stuff?" one of them asked, grinning.
"Just a dare," Melissa replied, suddenly aware of how tall she was and how she must look.
"You walking to the other end then?"
"Just to the middle, I hope. There's someone coming from the other end too - part of the dare."
"Sally, maybe we should try that," the talker said to her companion.
"Not gonna happen," the companion said. "And good luck to you. By the way, not far behind us is a pretty big group of men and women. Don't know what you're going to do with that."
"Good luck," the talker said, and the two ladies moved on.
Melissa knew what she was going to do about the big group. It looked like hiding off the path number one was in the offing. She soon heard lots of voices and disappeared behind some rocks that did an effective job of hiding her. Unfortunately, the group was in no hurry, laughing and talking and chasing each other around. They even stopped to check out some flowers growing on the other side of the path. Finally, they moved on and a trembling Melissa was back on the path. Close call.
Kelsey knew that she had covered over half of the way to the hidden bag and, so far, no one had come along. She was enjoying the feeling of being naked, the fact that it was daring and way, way out of her comfort range. She knew that would change quickly if she encountered anyone but she did have the two 'hides' available. She was so enjoying the air and the trees and just walking along that she didn't hear the runner coming up behind her until he was beside her. She turned quickly and looked at him - too late to hide now.
"Holy shit," he said slowly, looking at her from head to toe.
"It's a dare thing," she offered feebly, trying to control her breathing. He was a good-looking guy in his shorts, shirtless as well. Actually, he was a good-looking guy no matter what he was wearing. But she was naked and he was looking at her.
"Wow. Glad you decided to do the dare now, while I was running here." He paused. "I don't want to embarrass you but . . . you are totally gorgeous."
Melissa felt her dark complexion beginning to glow red. How could she respond to that?
"I'm really sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you. It's just that, you are." He reached into the pocket of his running shorts and took out his cell phone, aiming it at a now trembling Kelsey. But he stopped. "Naw, I can't do that," he said, putting the phone back in his pocket. "Wouldn't be right. I'll just have to let my eyes remember you." He had a huge smile and she was feeling . . . well, a little more comfortable if that was possible.
At that moment a bicycle with a male rider came around a curve in the path and skidded to a stop.
"Attention K-Mart shoppers. Naked lady in isle one." He was smiling but it wasn't a totally warm and friendly smile. He whipped a cell phone from his pocket.
"If that phone clicks a picture, you're going to have to buy a new one tomorrow," the runner said, taking a step toward the bicycle guy.
"Fuck off, man. I'm taking a picture."
Runner guy stepped between the biker and Kelsey and moved toward the bicycle once more. His fists were doubled up at his side. "Put it in your pocket and take off," he said, now just about two feet from the bicycle.
"Hell man, if your girl friend wants to be naked, keep her off these paths." The phone back in his pocket, bicycle guy was back on the bicycle and quickly off.
Girlfriend? Now, Kelsey knew what to say. "Thank you."
"No problem and my pleasure. Too many perverts around these days."
"Listen," she said. "Part of this dare has to do with how long it takes so I better be moving."
"Oh, cool." He looked around. "Listen, I'll walk with you as far as you're going just in case. And, I promise to just look you in the eye even though that's going to be one of the hardest things I've ever done."
Kelsey couldn't help but give runner guy a warm smile. She was naked but she was . . . comfortable?
Melissa was finally able to escape from behind the rocks and had walked an uneventful distance when she heard more voices. Now she had to decide. Use hide number two or face the group. She decided she wasn't quite ready to face a group yet and the unknowns that went with that, so she hid. When she saw them, she was happy for her decision. Four males, probably in their 30's just out for a walk. She could also see that two of them had a can of beer, forbidden in this park, but it didn't seem to be stopping them. They were just ambling along as well and, since the path was fairly straight along here, she had to wait a little longer before she could escape from hiding number two. But, finally, she was back on her way, realizing that she had used her two 'hides' and hoping she wouldn't be sorry she had.
Kelsey and runner guy were moving along quickly now. Walking was required but nothing said you had to walk slowly and runner guy, who told her his name was Mike, was having no trouble staying up with her. True to his word, he hadn't checked out her body since they had started walking and she was trying to decide if that was amazing or disappointing. Actually, it might be both, given what he had said before. When they were almost at the one-mile marker, they had been passed by a single female, obviously power walking, swinging a weight in each hand who only said, "Hope you don't get cold there, honey."
At the marker, Kelsey got her bag while Mike waited, quickly putting on her shorts and blouse, deciding she could go commando one more time.
"Even with clothes on you're totally gorgeous," Mike said when she reappeared around the bush.
"Thank you," she said, only blushing a little this time. But he was standing there, looking at her and she could tell he was pondering something.
"Is your cell phone in that bag?" he asked innocently enough. Actually, it was in the pocket of her shorts and she pulled it out. "Unlock it and let me have it a second." Now what the heck was that she wondered? But she had no reason to distrust him so she unlocked it and handed it to him. He punched away for a few seconds, then used the keyboard and handed it back to her. She glanced at it, then at him. "That's my cell number. I'm dreaming, I know, but if you would ever, ever want to or like to or. . . Shit, I can't even talk. Good luck to you." He turned and was off running on the path. Kelsey put the phone in her pocket, tucked the sack under her arm and headed for her car, gloating that Melissa would have to cover that extra mile to get to her clothes. She realized she had never told Mike her name.
Melissa kept walking toward the one-mile marker, not at all optimistic about her chances of getting there first. Maybe Kelsey would have mercy and leave the bag with her clothes there. Somehow that didn't calm her at all as she knew the chances of that happening were nil, nada, never, nothing etc. She did see someone coming toward her, a lady walking fast and swinging weights in each hand.
"Not into naked hiking yet, like you guys apparently are." Quickly she was gone and Mel decided she must have passed Kelsey as well. Not long after that came a runner, a good-looking shirtless guy who just smiled at her. She wondered a couple of things. Why hadn't he stopped to look at her and maybe make a comment? And she wondered if he had seen Kelsey as well, little knowing, of course, that he was now understanding the dare a little better. She came to the mile marker and quickly discovered the bag was gone. Either Kelsey had gotten it or some pervert was sniffing her underwear. Reluctantly, but with no other choices, she headed forward along the path.
As Kelsey walked along, she searched in the bag and found Melissa's cell phone. They had shared passcodes in case of emergency and both had been honorable about not snooping in the other's phone. She entered the code and went to the phone app. She quickly found what she was looking for and pressed the "call" button.
A base voice answered. "Hello, Mel. So glad you called."
"Hey, Damek. It's not Mel, it's Kelsey."
"Is everything okay?" He sounded alarmed.
"No problem. Everything is perfect." She grinned. "You know that park at the end of Mullin Street?"
"Yes, I do," he answered, his Czech accent very prevalent.
"I'm there right now, waiting for Mel. I'm in my red Honda. She'll be here in a little while. Can you get here and surprise her with me?"
"Oh yes, can be there in 10 minutes."
"Perfect," she said, hoping he'd get there in time.
It was about eight minutes later that she saw him in her rear-view mirror, heading right toward her. She rolled down the window. "Just jump in the back seat. She'll be here any minute." As he opened the back door, she realized that she had momentarily forgotten something important. Damek was huge.
"What going on?" he said as he attempted to crawl into the car. "Maybe I sit this way," he added wedging his body across the back seat, one foot on the floor and the other on the seat.
"Sorry," she said apologetically, "and you'll see in just a minute."
"Damek always too big," he laughed.
"There," she said, pointing to the end of the path. Melissa was there, crouching behind a little bush before she made her last walk across the parking lot. Of course, Kelsey had moved her car to the middle of the lot to torture Melissa just a little more before she got her surprise. There were only two other cars in the lot and they were obviously empty so, quickly, Melissa, tall, blond and very naked made that last walk and quickly jumped into the front seat of the car.
She looked at Kelsey. "Had to park in the middle of the lot, didn't you? You're so bad, and wipe that silly grin off your face."
"Hello," said a deep voice from the back seat followed by a shrill scream that nearly broke eardrums and Melissa's hands moved to the "cover your stuff" position.
"Oh god," she said, her color closely matching that of the car.
"You are very . . . překrásný." He was struggling with the English word and had reverted to Czech. "Very beautiful," he said, finally remembering.
Melissa just wanted to fade away and be gone. He had seen her walking across the parking lot, totally naked. She had kissed him the other day at school and now gone naked. What must he be thinking?
"I do one of two things," he added. "I get naked too or I get out of car and let you put clothes on. Do you have clothes?"
"Yes," she squeaked out. "I mean yes, I have clothes." The thought of him getting naked too terrified her in a very fascinating way.
Kelsey jumped out and opened the back door to help Damek get out as Melissa was still crouched in the front seat, covering herself even though there was no way he could see her from where he was. And besides, he'd already had a pretty good view. Awkwardly, Damek squirmed out of the car and walked quite a way across the lot where he waited, smiling. As Kelsey climbed back into the front seat, she got daggers from Melissa's eyes.
"You'll pay for this," she growled. "The next time you take a shower your pictures will be on the internet before you turn the water off." She was quickly getting dressed, underwear and all.
"Oh, be quiet. It's just a matter of time before he got to see you naked anyway. This just speeded things up a little. That kiss at school. Now walking around naked. He's getting to know the real Melissa for sure." She could hardly get the last words out she was laughing so hard. "When he gets back in, I'll take you two to get your car. You can go to the apartment and give him one of those blow jobs your friends were talking about or whatever. I'll be gone for an hour so you guys can figure out what to do while I'm gone." Melissa just shook her head.
Damek squirmed his way into the back seat again and they were dropped off at Mel's car. What to do for an hour, she thought.
She drove to High Street and the big McDonalds that was there. She went inside and ordered a large diet coke and sat down at a table by the window. It only took about two minutes to decide.
"Hello," the voice said rather hesitantly, not recognizing the strange number.
"Hi, this is Kelsey, the girl from the park."
"I've died and gone to heaven, and the angel I met there is Kelsey," was his quick reply. "Is there more?"
"I'm at the McDonalds on High Street, kind of lonely too. Any ideas?"
"I'll be there before you can hang up and don't you dare leave."
He almost wasn't exaggerating as he was there by the time she had taken a couple of drinks of her Coke. He walked over and just stood there, looking at her and shaking his head.
She tapped the seat beside her. "Sit down." He did, his eyes never leaving hers. "You were kind, and polite and, can I say, honorable. How could I resist? Want a drink of my Coke?"
He took the cup and looked at the straw. She knew what he was thinking. He took a nice, long and very satisfying drink and handed it back to her. She took an equally long drink.
"So, you're Kelsey," he said.