"Fuck me Mace."
Mace Belmont stood in the doorway leading outside of his Aunt Piper's home. On the front landing completely naked lay the hottest brunette cheerleader in Horton-Dexter history. Zero tan lines made her even more incredible. In her contorted state, ankles hooked behind her head, big 36D breasts mashed together dramatically, and perfectly painted hot pink nails prying her cunt wide he nearly nutted at first sight. She saw his bath towel rise from a meager seven inches of normalcy to a high 9.5 in under sixty seconds. She knew he wanted her.
"Holy fuck! I remember you, the cheerleader that I thought looked like Selena Gomez...only hotter."
"Much hotter." She bit her lower lip, peering over her brow with sparkling eyes.
"So...why aren't you in school?"
"I got horny. So many students wearing so little due to Dress Code Omission Day. Guys were all over us. I wanted someone that wasn't a student. From Horton-Dexter that is. You've been on my mind since yesterday when Sable showed us your cock picture."
"Wait, what?" He chuckled, "Sable...showed me off? Why?"
"Does it matter? Octavia said you were incredible, I needed to feel you for myself."
"Nice! I'll have to thank Octavia for that. Sable too I guess." He was almost glad his neighbor had shown him off. Although, was she bragging over him? Did she...like him? She was pretty cute and had one sweet pussy once he got a peek at it. So did Dakota. "Fuck! Stop thinking and start fucking."
In his struggle to hold Rotten back the dog pulled from his grasp and went spastic, darting around her contorted body and pelting her with welcoming kisses. She laughed and lost her hooked ankles, probably a good thing Rotten was sniffing around her thighs. "DON'T LET HIM LICK ME THERE." She laughed and covered herself.
"Back off Rotten. He's just playing. He likes people."
"I like poochie smoochies too." She lets the dog kiss her puckered lips then wipes her face on her wrist. "Not that much." Mace laughed and grabbed Rotten by his collar, in the process he left himself wide open and Tina mischievously ripped his towel off. "Mmmmmmm! There's that big cock. You gonna put that in me?" She sat looking hopeful.
"HELL YES! Let me throw Rotten out back by the pool so he doesn't get in our way. Come on in and have a seat." He realized something, "Where's your clothes?"
"In my Mom's car over there."
"You walked from the car naked?"
"I love taking risks. I think Mrs. McKellen's husband came home while I was stripping in the car. He looked right at me and grinned. He is kind of cute."
"I'm cuter. Get in here."
Climbing to her feet she dusts off her butt cheeks then spanked herself for his sexual appetite. She could see how hungry he was. Entering behind him as he walked Rotten through the house to the French doors forcing the dog outside she saw him slam the glass shut. Luckily the dog's outdoor water dish had water it being 98 degrees at the moment.
Once locked out Mace turned to find Tina directly behind him. Before he could say a word her arms flew around his shoulders and she kissed him. Tongue digging for his before he could actually open his mouth he gave in to her expectations. Once inside, the doors were not the only thing French. Hands swarming her backside from shoulders down to her firm heart shaped ass he squeezed her cheeks making her moan into his mouth. Before he knew what was happening she jumped up and wrapped her legs around his hips. Nipples scratching the surface of his chest he took her straight to the sectional and hurled them both on to it.
Cock mighty he peeled her legs away from him and just let his beast drop in for a visit. Laying it across her labia he went back in for more smoldering kisses. She was viciously hungry for him. Nails digging in to his shoulder blades, her tongue nearly making him gag at digging in so deep she could almost flick his tonsils. He fell in lust, the bitch was next to perfect. Heart pounding he intentionally bit her tongue to break free long enough to look into her eyes. "Fuck you're beautiful."
"Stick it in me. I need to know what Octavia felt." She begged using her knees along his hips to coax him in. Instead he pulled away and sat up. She worried he was going to chicken out or ask her to leave. Sighing he sat back on the sectional and looked up spotting the surveillance camera.
"Be right back. Don't leave." Evil struck him suddenly after noting the camera and he raced to the bathroom he had showered in. Grabbing his cell from the sink where he had left it he noticed texts from his Aunt Piper. She must have messaged him while in the shower going unheard. Smirking he pondered if he were being smart in thinking about what he wanted to do. Deciding to text her back he wrote, "I was in the shower. You busy?"
Seconds later Piper replied back with, "On my way up to cover Detention. I'll be home after that. No cheerleader practice for me, I'm just letting the girls do their own thing."
"Like me." He chuckled, "At least Selena." He referred to Tina as Selena Gomez. "SeTina Gomez. HA!"
"We can talk when I get home. I have some errands for you tomorrow. You need to get out of the house anyway Mister Homebody."
"Okay. Shit! Gotta go I think Rotten is tearing the place up." He laughed knowing it would stress Piper out enough to look over her surveillance cam mode on her cell. Hurrying back to Tina he grabbed her by the wrist and tugged her along behind into Piper's bedroom. Hurling her like a puppet on to the bed he tossed his cell aside on the king size mattress then crawled in over her. Dick never losing an inch he snatched up her ankles and lined up. "I'm back."
"I've missed you." She whispered, not looking at him, just his nine iron between his legs. It was a one sided love affair most definitely. His cell ringing next to them was lost to Mace as he sank his crown deep watching her reaction as each inch burrowed deeper into her soaked pink pussy. Ripping her wide at his girth she tilted her head back and let her shoulders carry her chest skyward. "HOLY FUCK! SOOOO FREAKIN' HUGE."
"Get ready SeTina, Mace is the place, until I cum on your face."
"YESSSSSSSSSSSS! I want it all. Every inch, every drop. Don't let me down."
Knowing the camera might be active he intended to blow his Aunt's mind.
Mace Belmont hung like a horse, of course, of course.
********
Reaching Detention Piper was getting pissy. Having called her nephew multiple times to no reply she worried that Rotten had lost his mind and destroyed her furniture or something. Running late to Detention due to freshening up just in case her loyal Football Fan club was ready to massage her again, maybe even themselves she needed to feel clean. Masturbating in her office left the scent of sex on her. Dried cum on her toes from Darryl Priest outside didn't help.
"I'll try again later." She lowers her cell and crosses her fingers, "I need me time. Please let this be another good day." Sighing she struts in like a runway model and looks out over the students present. Her heart sank. "Freshmen. Wonderful! Girls even, so much for me time. Not a single baller was there. Looking at some boys she broke her silence, "Was there a practice this afternoon?"
"Yeah! Football practice to warm up for Marquette Friday night." A Freshman boy offered input.
"Right! I knew that." She hid her disappointment, "Second day leading Detention...everyone know me?"
"Ohhhh yeah!" A boy chuckled, "Hubba Hubba!"
"Awww! Thank you Nameless Youth. Sorry, I'm still learning names myself."
"I'm Miles. Miles Long."
"Haha! Eddie Murphy. I'm older than you, so nice try."
"His real name is Dennis Dinky." A girl giggled. For a Sophomore she certainly acted older by expressing a measurement of an inch between two hands. She then whispered, "Only needs one hand. His." The whole batch of Detainees laughed including the boy.
"Yeah? Well her name is Tara Pitt. Sucks you in her black hole and you never find your way back."
"Ewww!" Other students offered grimaces. Piper just shook her head and took her seat at the desk. Worried about Mace and Rotten she tried texting again. Still nothing. Sighing she looked up at the students staring at her. Eyes darting from person to person without moving her head she sat up straight.
"What? Everyone need a bathroom break?"
"No. We're just admiring your beauty Miss Cherry."
"Thank you Nameless person number three."
"Are you wearing panties?" A bold one spoke up without causing laughter. Eyes bulged in worry.
"That's for me to know and you to only guess." She replied with a wink.
"See? I told you Miss Cherry was cool. Any other Teacher would have started yelling at me."
"Why? Think I'd send you to Detention? You're already here." She smirked, "Thanks for thinking of me as cool. You're Dirk Diggler's friend right?"
"Diggler? Ha! Megan's boyfriend? I just hang with them, not really friends, but yeah that's how you know me. I'm Jamie."
"Nobody hangs as good as Dirk." She laughed, referring to the character Mark Wahlberg played in the movie Boogie Nights, a movie about the porn industry. She had a hunch it would go over all their heads. She was right. "Alright guys, Detention is punishment so everyone just quiet down and keep your dirty thoughts to yourselves. So will I." She had no choice. Most of the litter of students were far too young to be exposed to her insanity unless they caught her unaware, then, obviously it was wrong. She just hoped that only the right groups were catching her. What else could she do other than just behave herself. "HAHAHAHAHAHA!" Not a chance. Her expression alluded to the laughter within her thoughts.
Ignoring them Piper returned to her cell and tried Mace one more time. Discouraged by no answer she did just what her nephew anticipated she might do. "Fuck me! I might as well use the cameras and see the damage. Maybe Mace is too busy cleaning up and punishing Rotten. God help me if Rotten ruined my place."
Tapping into her cells avatar for the surveillance company she scans the living room. "Looks normal, couch is intact." A swipe reveals the backyard exit to the pool and there was Rotten sitting pretty as you please outside looking in. "Timeout Buddy?" She pouted a bit. Front door hallway looked pristine. "Well if my bedroom is in good shape he must have trashed the upstairs where I don't have cams." A final swipe oversees her king size bed...including two inhabitants. "OH YOU MOTHERFUCKER!" She raised her voice then gnashed her teeth toward the students, "Sorry! My dog...is being a pain at home." She left it at that. So did they.
"Like that big dick digging for China bitch?" Mace Belmont had Tina's legs wide and he was up on his feet literally slamming his big boy cock down into her misting cunt, thin squirts spitting up around each rough insertion. She couldn't even talk after ten minutes of his pounding. She had two orgasms in a row before Piper even tuned in. All Piper knew was the girl was screaming her fool head off. She could understand why.
"Damn Mace!" Just watching him terrorize the girl made Piper flare her eyes. She knew he was big by all of the tented sweats, a single capture of it in her pool when they wrestled, but she never really took a long hard look at it. She was now.
"Fuck me! Wonder who the girl...hang on...is that Tina? That little whore snuck over to my home while I'm still at school. Maybe I should give her Detention. No. That would mean competition for me. I want my boys all to myself. I wonder if this camera has a zoom lens?" Searching the modes she found one and zeroed in right between Tina's legs to see a perfect penetration. "Daaaaamn! Lucky girl." Envy made her question her insight.
"What the fuck am I saying? That's my nephew. Ok...time to shut this off." She tried but couldn't. Her hormones were spiking. Huffing her cheeks at the students Piper noted most of them now taking naps or scribbling in their notebooks. Biting her lip she ran her free hand down under her skirt and began rubbing her clit. Eyes now glued to Mace and Tina on her cell she zoomed in and out with each new position he put her in.
Her nephew had more talent than she had ever imagined. Not that she imagined anything about him sexually. Until now! "That kid has to go back to Atlanta before I..." Fingers buried inside her pussy she slouched a bit in her swivel chair. Legs facing toward the door she had a better range of movement. The students couldn't see her behind the desk so she didn't stress over it knowing she could cum quietly. She hoped anyway.
Having rolled Tina over on her belly Mace kept her upper body mashed into the mattress and hit that juicy cunt from behind. His left hand in between her shoulders Piper could see her expression as beyond euphoric. Eyes rolled back into her head Tina had a third massive orgasm. She squirted all over Mace's cock. A zoom in caught her flood. "Oh, he better wash my blankets again after that perfect storm. Dammit!"
Piper was beginning to find herself so absorbed by their fucking and her fingers that sweat was terrorizing her in the rooms sweltering heat. Pausing her viewing long enough to drag her long blond hair around her left shoulder in an attempt to cool herself in any way possible she returned to her mission.
"Is he going for anal?" Yep! She watched him spit on her ass multiple times then pull out to slap her cheeks with Big Belmont. Piper trembled at the sight and fingered herself more vividly. Blocking out the students was dumb on her part. They had a hunch she was doing something she shouldn't be, yet couldn't see anything other than her facial reactions and an arm missing that looked as if she had one hell of an itch.
One of the older Senior boys looked around cautiously and put a finger to his lips, making certain everyone remained quiet. Once a rash of thumbs up gave him the go for it, the boy eased from his chair and took to all fours crawling to her blind side. Rounding the left of her desk he was able to see the video playing on her cell. Live feed technically! A silent movie at that.
Easing behind her he reared up to his knees and delicately pinched the strings which were already loosely tying her orange dress to the back of her neck. She was so into Mace and Tina she didn't feel it come loose, her slouch kept her cleavage from falling. Bringing the strings down behind her with surgical precision, he tied them to her chair in a knot. No way was she going to escape it without help. His goal a success he listened to her tender moan, only audible up close but he loved it. Her bare shoulders looked kissable but he knew he'd better not initiate contact and silently returned to his seat.
"Fuck it's hot in here." She panted trying to focus. Looking out at the students randomly she found then looking but just as fast looking away. "I bet they suspect. God, I'm being stupid. I...damn Mace. He just yanked Tina's hair and started wailing on her ass cheeks. God I miss those days. Roger better hit me this hard Saturday or I'm gonna lose my mind. Fuck...Roger...teasing him this week has been intoxicating. I think I'll step it up tomorrow in the lounge if I can. My luck...stop it! I can find ways. I want that...man. I want that..." She pouted at her cell. Not Mace...what he was doing to Tina. Jealousy was heating her up.
Kicking her heels off she lifted her left leg up to her desk top and kept her right leg outstretched on the tile. Fingering was getting sloppy. If the students had good hearing they would be privy to one wet sloppy sounding cunt. Zeroing her cam again she was able to see Mace slamming his beast up Tina's ass without waver. "Kid's consistent I'll give him me...that. Shit! My brain's getting muddled. So not going there...I...can't."
Seeing her toes curl some of the students knew she was nearing an orgasm. Her eyelids fluttering gave them another clue. Grins all around the room shared in the amusement. Young or not, students knew what it was all about, whether they were seeing it for real or like this, just picturing it. She was covered as far as she was concerned. Panting heavily as her fingers moved in and out of her pussy Piper arched her back a bit more. In doing so her cleavage tightened up and slid down slightly unnoticed.
Noting Mace pulling out of Tina's ass he started jerking off while standing on the bed over her. Panning her cam back with her thumb she saw a wider shot, Tina rolling over under Mace facing up, scooting her body between his archway and further back so that he could cum on her. In a bold move Mace dropped down to sit on her upper body putting his dick between her tits. For a short while he titty fucked her, his crown beating her chin up like a Southpaw boxer. Piper moaned a tad louder forced to press her lips together. Peering at the kids in her feverish frolic they were looking away. That gave her hope because she really was close to climax herself.
Mace ready to cum lifted up some to easily jerk off, Tina reaching in to cup his balls. Another zoom in to his cock's head she watched him break and splatter white hot cum in one shot after another. There was no end to that geyser. Panning back she got a good look at Tina's facial. "Ohhh fuck. He covered that bitch. I've never seen so much jizz in..." She noticed Mace wave at the camera and point at Tina's face then back at the camera.
"FUCK ME!" Piper Cherry came all over her knuckles and milked her palm. Arching her body dangerously she lost her balance and the swivel chair lurched back. Legs in the air, a loud noise of her body hitting the floor she convulsed. At the moment her brain was so addled that she didn't even realize her situation.
All of the students jumped from their seats running to surround her desk to see if she was hurt. Hearing their mad dash she luckily had enough energy to close her legs as best she could to avoid them seeing her inner thighs. Not quite good enough she lay there looking up at them with her hand covering her interior. "They don't make chairs like they used to."
"Let us help you up." The boy that tied her dress tether to her chair offered. Eyes would be eyes it was impossible to hide everything. Short skirt, risk she took.
"I can manage." She shook like a leaf in their gaze. "Go back to your seats."
"Come on guys let's give her room." A girl spoke up, the boys didn't wanna listen so she dragged them one by one leading to a pushing match to get them to comply. Once everyone was just beyond her desk Piper tried to roll to her right, her skirt curling up on her ass would have showed her off as in a doggy style position. Realizing quickly when she rolled that her cleavage pulled taunt and her breasts popped free in all their big beautiful glory she hissed. "WHAT THE FUCK?"
"YOU LITTLE FUCKERS." She went topless as her chair moved enough to give her enough slack in her dress to try turning the chair over. Not in the cards she had no choice but to stand the chair up on its pedestal wheels and rise up on her knees to untie it. Peering over the desk top she winced at them. "Detention for life when I find out who..." Everyone pointed to the guilty boy, he instantly busted up.
Covering her nipples with her forearm she tried untying her dress strap but it was so knotted one hand made it impossible. Scooting back she rolled the chair in front of her and used the back to hide her tits allowed her the use of both hands. Long nails made it difficult still and she began cursing.
Finally, the girl that pushed all the boys back had pity and dared to walk around and help Piper. Firstly, the girl pulled Piper's skirt down over her ass politely then said, "Let me." Piper consented and watched her use her teeth to start the unraveling process. Once the laces came apart Piper took over and covered her chest. "Thank you." A friend was made. The girl stood up and then spotted Piper's cell on the floor. Kneeling to pick it up she saw a hot girl all alone shaking in the center of a big bed. Eyes flaring the girl dropped her jaw, "That's my sister Tina."
"Story of my life." Piper was pissed.
If Piper punished the boy who had tied her dress to the chair her Football Fanbase would be in jeopardy. If she let him off, he might rat her out. Then, there was Mace. Looking at her claimed cell she shut off the surveillance mode and frowned at the girl.
"Why do you have video of Tina having sex?" She turned her back to the students to whisper without eavesdroppers, trying to protect Tina the best she could.
"Hey! Take a breath..." She fished for a name, "Trisha." the girl answered. "This was at my home. My nephew and she hooked up. I have cameras for security and I snooped because my nephew was being an ass. You know the rest. I'm...so sorry."
"Is your nephew cute?" Trisha brightened up.
"Maybe you should ask Tina."
"That would mean her finding out you watched her. I...don't want to get you in trouble."
"NONE OF US DO." Rose the students. Good hearing indeed.
"Sorry Miss Cherry. I couldn't resist." The boy who tied her to her chair felt badly.
"Sneaky...I admire that." Piper stuck her tongue out then pulled Tina's sister into a hug.
"Can we have a hug?" The boy Dennis chuckled.
"Take a number. Nobody saw that shit." She pointed.
Dennis played like a blind man walking around to a group of chuckles.
"Hey! No feeling around for me."
Trust was established.
She knew better than to do shit like this around anyone other than her Football Huddlers. She would learn to be more careful. Yeah...right.
As the ending bell rang Piper waited until everyone left the classroom then sat down frazzled. Reopening her surveillance she found Mace and Tina on the sectional again. This time Tina was riding Mace reverse cowgirl, titties dancing to every single clop of her horse.
"FUCK ME! Wait until I get home, Buddy. Your ass is mine."
Not literally, a quickly fading thought.
"I wonder if Roger's still here."
Nope!
********
One hour earlier...
"Thanks for the ride home Mrs. Herbert." Sable and Dakota hopped into her SUV pulled up to the circle drive out front of the school. Travis in the front passenger seat turned sideways to look back at the girls grinning up a storm. He got more than he expected when he looked up Dakota's skirt and saw no panties. Roving eyes led to Sable's skirt hoping for the same but found panties. Saddened he still pepped up. He really liked Sable McKellen.
"Any time girls. I'm not working these days so it's nice to get out of the house now and then." Kelly looked back in her mirror waiting for everyone to buckle up before progressing. "How was your day? Better than yesterday I hope." Nightmare that it was.
"Eventful. Dakota got felt up."
"SABLE!" Dakota swatted her sister, "I...yeah I did."
"Been there done that." Travis laughed recalling touching both girls at Piper's pool but kept the knowledge to himself. Kelly already knew about Sable from the day Knox Hardecker and Dip Poole stripped she and Travis outside, while locked out of their home. Putting he and Sable in a bad situation that was rather amusing in the long run. Trav would do it all over again just to see Sable naked...up close...very close.
"Be nice Travis." His mother smirked, having caught glimpses of Dakota's missing undies, but not saying a word. Pulling from the curb she drove around the block by the football field where practice was just starting.
"There's Angus." Sable pointed, Kelly sheepishly recalling the boy from his saving her in her front yard.
"WHERE?" Dakota pepped up glued to the window. Kelly slowed up to give her a second to locate the boy. Kelly looking over herself found Angus easily. Smiling she was just as giddy but keeping it to herself. After he defended her from Knox Hardecker she found a certain charm in his manner.
"Do you like this Angus, Dakota?" Kelly reacted.
"YES!" Even more now that they had kissed passionately. Where that kiss led is what made her squirm in her seat, Robin Banks kiss even more so. "I see him now. Isn't he dreamy?"
"Am I dreamy Sable?" Travis turned to tease her.
Flipping her tongue at him she told Travis, "Dream on." Oh, he did. So did Sable, she did part her legs wider just for him.
"Do you want to go say hi? I can park and wait. Five minutes?" Kelly offered.
"No." Dakota sighed spotting Robin and Lily from the cheerleading squad. It was too soon after Robin having kissed on her too, it made her cringe, "Can we go home?" She needed to consult her Father.
"Of course." Kelly drove on. While she knew their destination, Dakota felt lost.
Fear of the unknown can do that to a person.
UnKNOWn?