Once again, all characters are over 18, and the story takes place in 2010. I thank RawSilhouette and Ravenna933 for their editing and plot development help.
I kissed Kirsten Bäumler goodbye for the last time as I left her house, guitar and amp in hand. It had been a crazy last two weeks. We'd spent time together nearly every single day playing music. We'd jammed alone, with her Dad on piano and my stepfather on bass as a four-piece, and once with the drummer from her Dad's cover band. We had her friends over once to listen to us, and we'd developed a musical chemistry with each other that was rare and exciting. I'd told her as I was leaving that I couldn't wait to play again together when she was next back in town, and she'd enthusiastically agreed.
We'd also spent the last two weeks fucking constantly. We were locked into the honeymoon phase of any new hookup, that glorious time where you can't keep your hands off each other. We'd had sex on the couch, the piano bench and the floor of her basement studio, and occasionally other places in her house when her parents and brother weren't around. We'd hooked up in the shower and her bedroom. We did it once on the stairs, just because we hadn't successfully made it to the bedroom, and once out in her backyard on a lovely warm night at 2 AM just to try it out. It was two of the most hedonistic weeks I could remember having, and by the end of it my dick was completely worn out.
Just before leaving, Kirsten had told me that she very much wanted to play music again with me someday, but as much as she'd enjoyed the last two weeks, our sexual escapades were going to have to be over for good. She didn't want to have any distractions back at the Berklee College of Music in Boston while she was focused on her studies. She didn't like having to lie to her friends, including my stepsister Vanessa, when the girls talked about the guys in their lives, as keeping our dalliance secret was a necessity given the possibility of drama in her friend group. And most of all, she'd never had casual sex before, and she had, despite herself, started developing feelings for me by the end of the two weeks. She told me it was nothing personal, but she wasn't okay with remaining my friend with benefits if it was going to cause her pain, and she wasn't at a stage of her life where she was ready to have another boyfriend.
So that was that. It was now June, Kirsten was gone for the rest of the summer, and I was back to square one. Vanessa had been treating me with something approaching kindness lately. I didn't know why and hadn't asked, but I assumed it was from seeing how much good I had done in alleviating Kirsten's stress (she hadn't known the half of it!). Laura Keelor, the girl I regretted hooking up with at a party in late April, was still occasionally sending me sad, romantic, or aggressively horny texts, which I was ignoring as much as I could get away with. And I was still talking to Monique Lachance, who was still occasionally hinting at the possibility of hooking up with at least one other girl she knew; that is, when she wasn't bragging about her own lesbian conquests.
Of the remaining possibilities, I hadn't had a chance to really get to know Michelle MacKenzie or Samantha Fischer. And Natalie Chen, the girl I thought most likely to have the secret crush, wasn't due home from the University of Ottawa for the summer for another couple of weeks.
My life after Kirsten left was spent studying for the upcoming LSAT exams. Walt's message about the rules being loosened around the house hadn't gone unheeded, and both Vanessa and I had started having wine with dinner or occasional beers in the evenings, but I hadn't had the opportunity to bring a girl home (and I certainly hadn't been willing to ask Kirsten to spend the night). I occasionally noticed Vanessa's (fuck-buddy?) Carson around the house when Mom and Walt weren't around, but I never overheard him and Vanessa being intimate, and she never brought him around when parents were present or had him sleep over.
Things were quiet among the other girls, and since I didn't have many remaining good friends in my hometown, my social calendar remained bare. I was honestly glad for the chance to get some really good, hardcore studying done.
Near the end of June, the family was seated around the dinner table when Vanessa spoke up.
"Dad, do you think some friends and I could go up to the cottage for the Canada Day weekend?"
Walt looked down his nose at his daughter. "How many friends is 'some'?"
"I don't know, the normal group of girls, I guess. We've never been up there without parental supervision, but we're all 18 or 19 now, and you said a month ago that you were going to start treating us like adults more."
"Hey, I've never been allowed to go up there with friends," I pointed out. "Why should you get to?"
"You can come if you want," Vanessa offered.
I was convinced instantly. "Walt, can we go up to the cottage for Canada Day weekend?"
Mom laughed. "Dear, they're adults now. I think we can trust them."
"No raucous parties? Just a bunch of girls hanging out?" Walt asked.
"I promise." Vanessa gave her dad the puppy-dog look she gave him when she wanted something, and Walt's remaining resistance melted.
"I need to check with my brother if his family has anything planned up there for that weekend, but otherwise, sure. But you're on probation, both of you. If the place gets trashed, you'll be married with children before you ever get to go up alone again."
"Thanks!" Vanessa smiled.
"Yeah, thanks," I added.
A few phone calls confirmed that Walt's brother did, in fact, have plans for the long weekend at the cottage the extended family collectively shared up north, but the weekend after was entirely free and clear. July was late enough in the year that the black flies would be gone, and the lake would have warmed up enough to swim in.
The cottage was owned by Walt's parents - Vanessa's grandparents - and in their advancing years they shared it freely with the entire extended Jelinek clan. We usually went up to the cottage two or three times a summer as a family and once as an extended family, with all of Walt's relatives there. I never really felt welcomed by them - Mom and I were the only step-family in the entire group - and after a couple of awkward encounters earlier in my teen years I usually found an excuse not to go to the big annual reunion. But in smaller groups, it was a lovely, secluded place on a lake in the middle of nowhere, tranquil, relaxing, great for swimming or just hanging around a campfire with a beer.
The plans came together quickly. Of Vanessa's friends, Laura, Natalie, Michelle and her boyfriend Jason, and Monique and her latest hookup Becky were coming. Samantha couldn't get the Saturday night off work, and Kirsten was obviously back in Boston. Carson was also coming (and apparently Carson was his first name!) That made nine, which was already going to be a tight squeeze in the tiny cottage, but the guy and the girl from karaoke night were also coming. I remembered his name was Mark, but apparently hers was Priya, and they were Vanessa's university friends.
It was a beautiful summer morning when we set out for the long drive. We'd have to go east for forty-five minutes to Toronto, then turn north on highway 400. From there, it was about four hours north on main roads, then an additional forty minutes on back roads to reach the lake, but the trade-off was total seclusion, with only four or five other cottages on that lake. In Muskoka, the place traditionally thought-of as Toronto's cottage country, the old cottages were being replaced by massive mansions owned by the rich, and Lake Rosseau had been colonized by big city money, but further north it was still quiet, backwoodsy and traditional.
The eleven of us set out in three cars, with me driving Walt's SUV loaded with food and other supplies. Vanessa was riding shotgun and Carson was in the backseat. We gave directions to the other two drivers and told them we'd see them there - Monique was driving Becky, Natalie and Laura, and Mark was driving Priya, Michelle and Jason.
Once we were out on the open highway, Carson promptly fell asleep in the backseat.
"He's out quickly," I commented. We'd barely left the city, still on Highway 6 heading to the 401.
"He does that," Vanessa said airily.
"I'm not prying, but just so I don't put my foot in my mouth, is he your boyfriend?" I asked. "We still haven't really been properly introduced. And despite what your Dad said last month about being allowed to have boyfriends sleep over, I don't think I've ever seen him spend the night."
"We haven't put a label on it, but no, I wouldn't say it's a relationship."
I let her response hang for a moment.
"It's purely sexual," she added. "I don't exactly want to have that conversation with Dad, which is probably why we're still sneaking around a little. Not that that's any of your business."
"I'm not here to judge. I was only wondering about sleeping arrangements." The cottage was a tiny, 1930's shack, with only three rooms - a small kitchen and dining area, a living room, and one bedroom with a single queen bed. There wasn't even a bathroom - when the cottage had been built, there had been an outhouse and no electricity or running water. Now there was a flush toilet and shower, but it was in a small adjacent building constructed where the outhouse had once been.
When the four of us stayed over as a family, Vanessa and I generally slept in the living room on the futon and in a sleeping bag. When the entire extended family stayed, people slept in sleeping bags wherever they could find a spot, or pitched tents on the lawn.
"Yeah, I'd thought about it," Vanessa said. "I was thinking Carson and I would take the bed and you could have the futon, since you're unattached. I told everyone else to bring sleeping bags. Michelle and Jason brought a tent, because they're going to want some privacy at some point or other."
"So I get to sleep on a futon surrounded by six other people?" I asked.
"I don't care if someone sleeps on the floor in the bedroom," she answered, "as long as we have some private time at some point. I imagine Monique will want to hook up with Becky too, and I don't mind letting her use the bedroom. Nobody else coming is together."
"What about Mark and Priya?"
"Not a couple. Mark is Priya's gay best friend."
I nodded. I'd wondered if he was gay, but I hadn't had enough interaction with him to confirm my suspicions.
"And you didn't have any other guy friends you could have invited?" she continued. "We've got a bunch of single ladies coming. No offence, but you're the only single straight guy coming, and I don't exactly want any more of my friends hooking up with you. It's bad enough that you slept with Laura."
The image of Kirsten's round white ass bouncing against my crotch as I fucked her from behind, a knot of her blonde hair clenched in my fist, flashed into my head. I said a silent thank you to fate that Vanessa clearly hadn't found out about it. I then thought of Natalie. This would be the first time I'd be seeing her since last summer, and I was excited, but I also didn't know if any opportunities were going to present themselves to do anything on the down low; that is, if she even was the mystery crush. Monique still hadn't let slip who it was she'd meant.
"The weekend's gonna be a total clambake." Vanessa's interjection interrupted my thoughts.
"Clambake?"
"The all-girl version of a sausage party."
I laughed. "I did invite my roommates, for the record. Steve and Clarence couldn't make it with working, and Tom decided he wasn't making the seven-hour drive alone just to hang out with a bunch of people he'd never met."
"I can't fault him for that. What about your high school friends?"
"Jon's going to school in Calgary and is staying there for the summer, Mike and I never hung out one-on-one and we don't have a reason to see each other without the whole group, and Ian's gotten into drugs the past few years. It's sad what's happening to him, but he's not the same guy I used to be friends with anymore."
"That's really sad."
"It is. I'd be willing to pick up a friendship with him again if he ever got clean, but from what I've heard he's just gone further down that road since I last saw him."
"It's tragic how people who meant something to you just can drift out of your life," Vanessa observed. "I'm lucky my old friends are still all on good terms. I mean, I've been friends with Laura since the second grade. Family's different, though, isn't it? You know they'll always be there, whether or not that's a good thing or a bad thing."
"Which one am I?" I asked her, point-blank.
"I'm starting to come around to 'neutral thing'."
"Likewise."
We sat in silence for a moment as I navigated the heavy Saturday morning traffic.
"It's been, what, seven years now we've been in each other's lives?," I finally continued. "We've lived in the same house for five, but we still hardly speak to each other. I've gotten to know a few of your friends better the last two months, and they're amazing people, but that hasn't meant getting to know you."
"Yeah." Another long pause descended. "I'm sorry, Peter. There's a lot of history between us. I'm not going to start to trust you just by snapping my fingers. You never treated me with any interest or respect until recently."
"I know." I took a deep breath. "As long as I could remember, it was just me and Mom. I knew growing up that other kids had a mommy and a daddy, and brothers and sisters, and I didn't care, because I had Mom and she had me. We were a team, even when I was little. She always treated me as an equal, not in an inappropriate, oversharing way, but, like... she wanted my opinions, she taught me to trust myself and my judgment.
"Then, after having that for the first fourteen years of my life, suddenly she had a boyfriend. I was so protective of her. I didn't want her to get hurt. And I was hostile to your dad at first, I'll freely admit that. I barely even knew you existed; I didn't care about Walt and I wasn't interested in learning about the twelve-year old kid that was attached to him.
"They eventually moved in together, we gave up our apartment and moved into your house. I told Mom I didn't want to go. I didn't take a stand often, because she respected my opinions even back then and tried to accommodate them, but I did on that. And for the first time in my life, when I stood up and strongly objected to something, I told her that I didn't like this and didn't think she should do it, she ultimately went ahead and did it anyway.
"It took me a couple of years to get over that sense of betrayal. It took until after they got married when I was sixteen before I was able to look at them together and not feel hurt or angry. Now, with age and perspective I can totally understand why she married your Dad. She had to look after herself first, and your Dad is a really good guy. But it messed me up for a couple of years. Your dad never stopped trying to be a father figure to me, and in time I came to accept him. But with you, I don't think either of us ever made an effort. One of us needed to reach out, and I was too in my own head to think to do it. But you never did either."
Vanessa kept staring out the window, thinking. "I know."
"I'm trying to reach out now," I pointed out.
"Yes, I've noticed," she finally said after a long pause. "My Mom died when I was nine. That's the worst possible age to lose a parent. If you're younger, I think you aren't able to hang onto the memories as much, and you accept whatever's normal for you when you're old enough to be conscious of it. When you're older, you're better equipped to deal with it. But I remember what happened to my Mom, every step of the way.
"I remember how they were trying to have a second child and couldn't conceive. I remember standing at the top of the stairs in my pyjamas when I was about five, secretly eavesdropping on hushed conversations after dark when I was supposed to be asleep, knowing something was wrong, but knowing they didn't want me to know. I remember worrying myself sick wondering what was happening. I remember them finally sitting me down and telling me Mom was sick, and she was going to have chemo and radiation and lose all her beautiful brown hair. I remember that strong, proud woman gradually growing frail and weak and becoming an old lady in front of my eyes. And I remember seeing her in the hospital for the last time, in palliative care, unconscious, and Dad telling me that I had to say goodbye." She started crying, and I instinctively handed her a tissue from the console.
"It took Dad and I years to start healing from losing her, but just like you and Diane, at least we had each other. And then I went through the same thing you did when our families merged. But I don't think I ever had the same anger towards your Mom that you did towards Dad, because I'd had a mother before. Diane was never going to replace Mom, I didn't ever think of her in those terms, and I appreciated that she never tried to be a replacement.
"But let me tell you, having your big, manly, bearded father explaining to you about your first period was mortifying, both for him and for me. I missed having another woman around. I missed all the milestones with Mom I'd never get to have, and I needed that feminine presence in my life. It took time for us to learn to trust each other, but Diane has filled that gap for me, and while she'll never replace my Mom, I appreciate your Mom so much for being there for me over the years she's been in my life.
"But you know what? I had been kind of looking forward to having a big brother. I'd always wanted a sibling, and I was excited when I found out they were trying to have one, right before Mom's cancer diagnosis. And then my new big brother was this sullen, moody kid who spent all his time in his room and wouldn't even look at me, let alone giving me the time of day. I eventually warmed up to your Mom just fine, but it wasn't a happy time living with you in the next room. I was honestly glad when you left for university. I could breathe again. I could feel comfortable in my own house again. It's only been for the last two months that I feel like you've treated me like a person."
"I'm sorry."
"I don't accept your apology. It's been too long, and it still hurts how you treated me. But I promise you I'm going to work to getting to the point where I can forgive you."
I nodded. "I never knew what it was like for you. But I don't remember you being super welcoming of me either. You were resentful. You used to snap at me, be rude or bratty at me. You never forgave me for not taking your Dad's name."
"It would have made us a family, Peter," Vanessa blurted sharply. "Diane's now Diane Jelinek, you're still Peter Lonergan. Why do you still want to hang onto a name that no one else is using?"
"Because it's my fucking name! Mom got married, she wanted to take her husband's name, that's her decision. I'm not Walt's son. I didn't keep Mom's name, I keptmyname." I was annoyed. "You never wantedmeas a brother. You wanted the idea of the brother that you already had in your head, something to make you a complete family, and you never accepted the fact that I was my own person with my own personality."
Vanessa and I glared at each other.
"Thank you for inviting me this weekend," I finally said as I had to look back at the road. "I really like your friends."
She said nothing, but kept staring out the window. I drove on in silence for a long time, past the airport, through the basketweave, and then north on the 400 past Canada's Wonderland towards the Holland Marsh.
"I'm sorry," she finally said, quietly.
"For?"
"You're right. About the past. About the way I treated you. And I'm sorry for it."
Wow. I didn't expect that."I also don't know if I can accept your apology, yet. But I'm glad we're finally talking about it."
"It's a start," she agreed.
"I don't see Mom and Walt ever breaking up. They're nauseatingly in love with each other-"
"I know, right?" she interrupted.
"And that means you and I, despite our issues, are going to have to deal with each other as long as our parents are still alive."
"I know we are. I'm willing to work on this. I still want to have a brother."
"I'm willing to work on it, too."
I guess that's something,I thought.
Several hours and a lunch stop in Parry Sound later, we pulled off the rugged two-lane highway and turned down the familiar single-lane forest dirt track that led to the cottage. Several minutes later, we were there. The place hadn't changed much since I'd first come here, or, for that matter, since the 1930's. A tiny white clapboard cottage occupied a small plot of mowed land hewn out of the forest. A separate building, no larger than 6' x 6', contained the toilet and shower stall, and a third building, a detached single-car garage, sat near the road. I knew from experience that it was filled with equipment - canoes, paddles, life jackets, water toys, the lawn mower, etc.
Approaching the lake shore, the grassland turned into rocks, with a small wooden dock and a boat ramp leading into the lake. Further than that, there was very little - there was one other small cottage visible across the lake, but otherwise, the landscape was a Tom Thomson painting come to life - the northern Ontario tableau of exposed rock faces, pine and birch trees, and a freshwater lake.
Carson sprung into action as soon as we arrived, helping to unload the vehicle, for which I was grateful after his walking out on the mess after Vanessa's big party.Maybe I didn't mind this guy after all.We'd had to bring all our own food, drink and supplies as well as our overnight bags, and Vanessa had organized most of the cargo from the group to come with us. As we were finishing up, a black Mitsubishi coupe pulled in, and shortly after that, a silver Ford sedan.
"This place is beautiful!" exclaimed Jason as he piled out of the car.
"No cell reception, though," Michelle pointed out, checking her phone.
"You won't miss it," I promised.
Michelle's expression betrayed that she'd miss her phone very much, thank you, but she said nothing.
Monique sidled up to me with a butch, tattooed, spiky-haired girl in tow. "Hi, Peter. This is Becky."
"Nice to meet you."
"You too. I've heard a lot about you."
"All good things, I hope."
Becky smiled. "You bet. Monique thinks you're terrific."
Monique blushed.
"Well, I think she's terrific, too." I said truthfully. "Can I get your bag?"
It took us collectively about half an hour to unpack, organize the food, and get the beer into the fridge. Once that was done, we split up into groups. Carson and Jason wanted to go fishing off the dock despite it being mid-afternoon and the fish likely not biting, and Michelle decided to stay close to her boyfriend. Vanessa, Priya and Laura were content to stick around the cottage, put on their bikinis, and tan while getting started on the drinking, and Mark decided to stay with them, since he only really knew Vanessa and Priya well. That left Monique, Becky, myself and Natalie, and I suggested getting the canoes out on the water. Monique loved the idea, so we dug them out of the garage, hosed the cobwebs out, and loaded them into the lake. Monique and Becky climbed into one, which - thankfully - was going to give me the alone time with Natalie I'd been hoping for in the other.
Natalie hadn't changed much from what I remembered. She was still a small girl, barely 5'1" or 5'2," very thin, jet black straight hair past her shoulders, dark eyes, and delicate, pale skin befitting her Cantonese heritage. She was wearing the same glasses I remembered from before, wire-rimmed specs slightly too big for her face, and as she stripped down to her navy blue bathing suit to put a life jacket on, I surreptitiously admired her body. She was boyish in figure, with breasts that barely made a dent in her bikini top, but she had a great butt and barely any extra fat on her. I thought she looked particularly cute in her Gilligan-style bucket hat.
"All set?" I asked.
Natalie nodded. "I think so. I've never been in a canoe before."
I quickly showed her how to enter it safely and keep her weight low, then I steadied the tippy boat as she carefully made her way to the canoe's prow seat with a paddle in hand. I quickly loaded a bag with granola bars, beef jerky, mosquito and bear spray and a six-pack of beer into the centre of the boat, then climbed into the stern seat and cast off. Monique and Becky's boat was already a hundred yards ahead, heading out along the lake shore. Monique had been up to the cottage several times with us, and I knew she was an experienced paddler and familiar with the lake's many contours and inlets, so I was content to let her boat lead the way. Within a few minutes, the cottage was out of sight, we'd each cracked open a can of lager, and we were alone in the endless Canadian wilderness.
"So, how was your first year of university?" I began.
"It was good." I was talking to Natalie's back for the most part, but with the wilderness so quiet I had no trouble hearing her.
"What's your major again?"
"Biology."
"Cool. What do you want to do with a biology degree?"
"Well, my traditional Asian tiger mother wants me to be a doctor, but I'm a little too squeamish to deal with blood and guts and sickness and stuff. I'm actually interested in plants more than anything. I'm planning to do my Ph.D. someday, maybe in botany."
"Does Ottawa have a good program?"
"It's fine. My undergrad is technically in ecology, but it's all general undergrad classes anyway. You don't specialize until grad school, and for that I'm planning to go to UBC in Vancouver. They're the top botany program in Canada."
"Awesome. You didn't want to go there for undergrad?"
Natalie turned to face me. "Of course I did. It was hard enough convincing my parents to let me go to Ottawa. The only thing that convinced them was that Ottawa is such a good school in general. I wanted to go as far away as they'd let me."
"Strict parents?" I asked.
She rolled her eyes. "By the standards of traditional Chinese parents, sort of. But by the standards of all my friends, yes. Anything less than straight A's is disgraceful. You must learn violin or piano, but no other instrument is an option. No drinking. No partying. No boys allowed until you're of marrying age, then it immediately changes to 'why don't we have grandchildren yet?' As if you go from virgin to married with children with nothing in-between!"
I suddenly wondered if Natalie was still a virgin, and I further wondered if there was a way to find out without sounding creepy or prying. The shyness around me I'd interpreted as having a secret crush might have been just general shyness around all boys, if strict parents were forbidding all contact with the opposite sex. Had I gotten it wrong?
"So, have you managed to let loose a little away from your parents?" I asked carefully.
Natalie laughed. "Promise not to tell them?"
"Of course. I wouldn't even know how to contact them."
"Well, at heart I'm still a good girl. I don't want to take drugs or flunk out of school or get pregnant. But yeah, I've got this beer with me, right?" She held up the can and took a swig. "And I finally have a boyfriend back in Ottawa they don't know about. I'm hoping the fact he's Cantonese and from a good family will make my parents accept him, but... we'll see. I'm still working up the courage to tell them."
Fuck. Shit. Goddammit."I'm happy for you."Are you the girl Monique mentioned? Did she know you had a boyfriend?
"Thanks, Peter. I know I'm not doing anything I should be ashamed of, but it's still easy to believe I am. I was raised in such a repressive environment. Maybe I should have been more rebellious, but... that's just not me. I'm trying to follow my own path now that I'm out on my own, wherever it leads me."
I took up the conversation at this point, talking about my own journey of self-discovery moving away from home a couple years ago, discovering my real self, challenging the assumptions I was raised with. I don't know what I said, to be honest. I was still processing the disappointment. Monique's leading me on had me convinced for the past couple of months that Natalie was the girl with the crush, and I'd built it up in my mind to thinking of her as a potential girlfriend, not just a future hookup. Now, I was back at square one. Who was left?
Samantha.If it wasn't Natalie, it had to be Sam. The only other remaining members of the group were Monique, who was a lesbian; Michelle, who seemed just as devoted to Jason as I'd remembered; and Vanessa, which...ick. We weren't blood-related, but I'd known her for too long to think of her in that way, and our conversation earlier was a reminder, if nothing else, that our relationship was still very strained.
"Peter?" Natalie was staring at me. "Are you all right? You've gone all quiet."
"Sorry. Yeah. I'm fine. I was just thinking about something."
Natalie shrugged. "Looks like the girls have found a trail. You want to check it out?" Sure enough, Monique and Becky's canoe was docked at a gap in the tree cover, and Becky was hopping out.
I steered our canoe to the clearing, and Natalie carefully climbed out, pulling the canoe up on land far enough that it wouldn't drift away. I followed, wading through the water to the shore, and said hi to Monique.
"Where did Becky go?"
"She's already had two beers, and she has a squirrel-sized bladder. She's off in the bush somewhere."
"That's a good idea, since we've stopped anyway," Natalie said. "Be right back."
As Natalie's cute butt disappeared into the bush, I nudged Monique. "Did you know she had a boyfriend?"
"I only found out a couple of days ago," Monique replied under her breath. "She and I were never close one-on-one friends. We only ever hung out in a group setting. Sam told me."
"I really thought it was her," I said dejectedly.
"Natalie always thought you were cute," Monique replied, "but she was a virgin up until this year. She was the last of us to lose the V-card, and she's not really the casual sex type. But she definitely liked you in high school. I wasn't bullshitting you about that."
At least my instincts weren't wrong."I wish I'd known."
"I wanted to tell you, but I didn't know for sure she had a boyfriend until today when it came up in the car. I heard she was dating a guy in Ottawa, but it wasn't serious at first, since she was so worried what her parents would think. I didn't realize it had become a real relationship. Plus, I knew you weren't going to do something stupid like send her a dick pic or something. You know how and how not to hit on a girl. You didn't send her a dick pic, right?"
"Of course not."
"Then you're good. She still likes you. She was really excited to see you this weekend. If she and Weiyin ever break up, you've got a shot."
"Thanks."
Monique hugged me. I liked the feel of her tits in her bikini pressed into my bare chest, and I held her close for a moment.
"I still really appreciate you, Monique Lachance. I never would have hooked up with Kirsten without you."
"And Ineversaw that coming," she said happily. "But it was so good for both of you, so I'll take the credit for being the matchmaker."
Becky emerged from the bush at that moment, and a few moments later, Natalie returned as well.
We spent the next two hours canoeing, making small talk, and working our way through the beer we'd packed. I realized I'd been feeling under self-imposed pressure around Natalie, and knowing that she had a boyfriend now, I relaxed in a way I hadn't realized that I hadn't been. I'd been building up the possibility of sleeping with her for two months now, and now that I knew it wasn't an option, I was back to seeing her as a friend, not as potential. I still found her just as charming as I always had, and she was easily the smartest of Vanessa's friends, able to hold a knowledgeable conversation on topics as disparate as foreign films, the northern extension of highway 400 that was under construction, the various plants and trees around the lake, hockey (she was a Columbus Blue Jackets fan, somehow), and the merits of the new iPhone 4 that had just come out.
I still really liked her, and despite myself, I was happy that she was starting to discover herself away from her parents' influence. I didn't even know if I was ready for another girlfriend myself, given that I was so much enjoying sleeping around these past nine months, but knowing for sure that she liked me made me feel better. By the end of the canoe trip, I felt content with that knowledge and was no longer quite as bummed out.
We finally made it back to the cottage in the early evening. Jason and Carson had apparently caught a couple of yellow perch and a lake trout, and they were preparing the barbecue for grilling as Mark sat in a lawn chair manning a huge cooler. Monique and I pulled the canoes out of the water, then Mark tossed each of us another beer.
"Good canoe trip?"
"Yeah, it was nice to get out on the water."
"Sounds awesome. Maybe Priya and I will get to go tomorrow."
We sat down with Mark, and soon, the dinner was ready - between them, the group who'd remained behind had pulled off a surprisingly good meal. Natalie, Becky, Monique and myself volunteered to make lunch the next day in return.
After dinner, Jason and I got the campfire going, and I paced myself with the drinking, keeping myself buzzed without going overboard as the sun sank lower in the sky. The conversation was pleasant enough, and I mostly kept quiet as the group of girlfriends kept up a steady stream of chatter about people I didn't know, teachers I'd never had, and TV shows I didn't watch. Several of the girls and Carson soon pulled well ahead of me in terms of alcohol consumption; I wasn't really keeping track of anyone else, but I did notice Natalie slowing down along with me.
A couple of hours later, the sun had set behind the trees and we'd liberally doused ourselves in bug spray to ward off the mosquitoes. The summer heat remained, and it was oppressively hot and sticky even after dark. Soon, the stars started coming out, first slowly, then by the millions.
"Is that the Milky Way?" Priya asked, looking up.
"Yep," I answered. "Spectacular, isn't it?"
"I grew up in Scarborough. I've never seen so many stars before with all the light pollution at home. It's so dark up north."
"I love it up here so much," Vanessa interjected. "This cottage is my happy place. Apart from our campfire, there's no light sources anywhere."
I looked around, and sure enough, she was right. There was no moon, and the one cottage across the lake we could see was pitch-dark.
"I'm so jealous your family has such privacy up here," Mark said. "My family has a place in Huntsville, but every weekend you've got crowds around, people blaring music on their docks, loud parties. You get used to it, but the solitude up here is incredible."
"Yeah, it's crazy it's a weekend in July and none of the other cottages up here seem to be occupied," I agreed. "I've seen it this quiet before, but never in the middle of summer."
"It's dark, it's secluded, it's oppressively hot and humid, and we've all been drinking," Monique piped up. "I've always wanted to go skinny-dipping, and this sure seems like a perfect opportunity. Who's with me?"
"I will!" Laura immediately volunteered. She was looking right at me.
"Do you want to, babe?" Jason asked Michelle excitedly. I knew they'd been together since the ninth grade, and I suspected he just wanted to see someone else's tits for a change, but I couldn't fault him for that.
"Why not?" she answered thoughtfully.
Soon enough, alcohol and peer pressure had all of us stripping down around the campfire and making a beeline for the water. I barely looked up at anyone else as I jumped in the lake, cold but refreshing in the roasting night air. Becky, Monique and Carson had beaten me into the water, but as I surfaced and turned back towards land, I saw Priya and Mark, hand in hand and about to jump in. Priya's dark brown skin was beautiful, and her tits were spectacular, big and round and bouncing as she ran. Mark's cock made me giggle as it flopped all over the place.
The rest of the gang followed close behind, splashing in one after the other. I barely had time to take in anyone's nudity in the whirlwind, but Vanessa had stayed behind to make sure the campfire was left in a safe state. Accordingly, she was the last in the water, and I couldn't help myself but to look as she ran down the slight embankment and cannonballed into the lake. I'd never seen her naked in the time we'd lived together; never had much of a hint of her sexuality, but despite myself I could admit she was pretty. Her body was pleasantly curvy, her large tits had a slight downward sag to them, and she apparently shaved down there. Her body didn't turn me on, but I chose to interpret her being willing to skinny-dip in my presence as a good sign - of some kind of trust, if nothing else. And apparently I trusted her enough to do likewise.
We swam around playfully as a group for a while, splashing and frolicking, and despite the nudity it didn't feel sexual so much as liberating. I'd also never skinny-dipped, and with the idea of hooking up with Natalie stricken from my mind and the cold water keeping any hint of an erection at bay, I was enjoying it as innocent fun more than as a sexual experience. Besides, we were in upper chest-deep water, and in the dark moonless night I couldn't see anyone's private areas.
Suddenly I felt a pair of tits press into my back, and a pair of shaven legs wrap around me from behind. "Guess who?"
"Hi, Laura."
"Having fun?"
"Yep. You?"
"It's fun being naked," she cooed right in my ear, her voice dripping with arousal.
"Yeah, it's cool that everyone is nude but it's not sexual at all," I pointed out.
"Oh. I guess."
I looked over at Michelle and Jason, who were embracing in the water, with her straddling him. I didn't think they were full-on fucking or anything, but they were clearly enjoying a moment together. I then noticed Monique and Becky clearly flirting with each other, as were Carson and Vanessa. "Okay, maybe it's sexual for some of us."
I felt Laura's hands on my chest, caressing my chest hair, and I felt her breath on my neck. Even in the cold lake I could feel warmth from between her legs pressed into my lower back. I took that moment to disentangle her. "Laura, we talked about this," I whispered, trying to protect her from embarrassment. "Please don't make it weird." She looked disappointed, but she nodded and slunk off, and I took that moment to escape from her, hopping out of the water.
I'd been expecting to get dressed again, but I found Natalie alone by the campfire, cross-legged, her hair stringy and damp, and still completely nude. Her pale skin was still liberally dripping with lake water. I took a second to admire her tiny tits and stiff, dark nipples before forcing myself to sit down and focus on her face.
"Done with swimming?" I asked innocently.
"Yeah. Apparently no one thought to grab the towels before we all impulsively jumped in the lake, so I'm letting the fire dry me off. It was nice to cool off in the water on such a hot night, but now I'm content to just sit around."
Just then Priya and Mark appeared, noticed Natalie and I were still naked, and nonchalantly sat down in the nude themselves. We remained silent, relaxing contentedly around the fire, as the rest of the gang gradually appeared. Without it ever being discussed, soon eleven young people were crowded around the fire completely naked. I still wasn't thinking in sexual terms, and was honestly enjoying the tableau in front of me - tiny Natalie, chubby Michelle and Laura, the smaller breasts of Monique and Becky, the larger ones of Vanessa and Priya. I saw stretch marks, tan lines, and flaws on all the girls' bodies as well, but I couldn't have cared less - my body wasn't perfect, and it was refreshing to see that no one else's was, either.
The boys' bodies were also a study in contrasts, with Carson's muscular, hairless jock body a contrast to Jason's doughier shape and Mark and my more average frames, though Mark was at least three inches shorter than my 5'11," and had less body hair. Jason's cock was also semi-erect - apparently they had been fooling around under the water. Either that, or he was just overwhelmed by staring at seven naked college girls. I could sympathize.
"So, is this sort of thing normal for you people?" Priya finally spoke up. Her comment broke the tension, and we all laughed.
"No," Michelle finally spoke up. "I mean, I've changed in front of some of you before, and I know I've seen some of you topless, but I can't say I've ever seen four cocks at the same time."
"Lord knows I have," Vanessa said wearily, and the whole campfire but me cracked up.Was that a joke? Did I care?
"I think it's cool how liberated you girls all are," Carson spoke up.
"We're not, really, or at least I'm not," Natalie pointed out. "I just was hot and couldn't find my towel. I'm not responsible for this."
"Well, I also think it's really cool," Monique chimed in. "Nudity doesn't have to be sexual."
Becky reached over and flicked Monique's nipple. "Ow! Bitch!" She reached back, trying to grab Becky, and the two girls play-fought a little before coming to a truce.
"Two naked chicks wrestling definitely isn't sexual in my book," Carson said ironically.
"Okay, fine, it's sexual," Monique laughed.
"I think we should play spin-the-bottle," Laura said quietly, looking again at me.
"Yes! That sounds hilarious!" Monique was all over it.
"Girls only, right? I'm not kissing a dude." Carson seemed disgusted at the possibility.
"I think it's fair that if you get a gender you're not interested in, you can spin again," Vanessa reassured him. "And another thing, I'm only down if Peter and I get a mutual exception. I'm not kissing my stepbrother."
"Same here," I interjected. Vanessa and I exchanged a look.No thanks.
"I think a free re-spin is okay in those cases, but if you're playing, you can't say no if someone wants to kiss you," Monique interjected. "Like of course Vanessa isn't going to want to kiss Peter, but it defeats the whole point of the bottle if everyone gets to pick and choose who they want. Besides, it's just a kiss. This isn't Seven Minutes in Heaven."
"I guess I'll just hope Mark doesn't spin me," Carson mumbled.
"Honey, me too!" Mark piped up. The group laughed.
"Laura, this was your idea, you start," Monique began, finishing her bottle of beer and then handing it to the blonde. "Minimum of one kiss whoever it lands on. Going farther than that is at your discretion."
Laura picked up the bottle and gave it a good spin. The campfire made it a little hard to spin it right in the middle of the group, but she managed to find a flat surface. I held my breath, hoping it wouldn't land on me, and thankfully, she got Jason. She got up, eagerly making her way over to him. I hadn't expected to ever see Laura naked again, but despite how I felt about her, she still looked great in the nude.
"Is this your first time kissing someone who isn't Michelle?" Vanessa asked. Jason nodded excitedly.
Laura sat down on the blanket beside him, oblivious to the death stare Michelle was giving her, and gave Jason a long, open-mouthed kiss. Both of them seemed to enjoy it, but it went no farther than that.
Michelle picked up the bottle the second they were done and passed it to Natalie, clearly wanting to keep the game moving. Natalie first spun Becky, but re-spun and got Carson. She shyly kissed him, quickly, clearly either still low-key uncomfortable, not wanting to offend Vanessa, or both. Their kiss was over before anyone knew it.
Vanessa then got Monique. She went over to Monique's blanket, climbed into her lap, and kissed her properly, long and deep. Monique put her hands on the back of Vanessa's head, running her fingers through her hair, and both girls made slight sighing noises as they made out. I noticed Vanessa's boob brushing against Monique's as they embraced, which turned me on as I noticed. It made me feel slightly uncomfortable watching my stepsister in action and feeling a reaction to it, and I was grateful when they finally broke it off, idly musing if this wasn't the first time they'd ever made out. Carson gave Vanessa a sly look as she sat back in his arms, which she ignored as she passed him the bottle.
I wonder if Vanessa is bisexual, I thought to myself. I wouldn't have cared either way, but I couldn't help but feeling like I had learned more about my stepsister's true self today than I had in the previous several years combined.
Carson spun as hard as he could and got Becky, and it was obvious that both of them were immediately disappointed. Carson was objectively a good-looking guy, but he seemed like the type to prefer girly girls, and butch Becky clearly wasn't into men. Their kiss was short and fairly sterile, and Carson scowled when it was over, looking around at the other women longingly.
I was next, and I spun, again hoping not to land on Laura or Vanessa. I was kind of hoping for Natalie, but instead I got Priya. I barely knew her, but I knew we were both single, so jealousy wasn't going to be an issue, and she was a good-looking girl.
I went and sat beside her, put my arm around her waist, and leaned in, looking her right in her dark eyes and trying to read her reactions. She gave me no sign of reluctance and closed her eyes as I leaned in, so I went for it, kissing her, slowly, delicately, then more intensely, opening my mouth, licking her lips with my tongue. I felt a tiny moan escape her lips as I stroked the small of her back, then put my other hand on her head, stroking my fingers through her hair. I felt my cock responding slightly, but I didn't care. Vanessa had shown what she could do, and now it was my turn to show off. I let my fingers rest on her arm, close enough that I could feel her naked breast pressing into the top of my hand, but I didn't dare attempt to feel up a girl I barely knew. That said, I was hoping she'd move my hand up a little bit, but no luck.
When I finally withdrew, I noticed Natalie and Laura both staring.
"I didn't really need to know my stepbrother was such a good kisser," Vanessa complained.
"Damn, boy," Priya agreed. "Where did you learn to kiss like that?"
I winked at her and handed the bottle to Mark.
"Now I get to find out who's homophobic here, do I?" he asked rhetorically.
He spun and landed on Laura, who seemed into it, but he then spun again and got Jason. Jason ultimately let the gay guy kiss him on the cheek, which was more than I was expecting. I felt a little bad for Mark being a little left out of the game, but not bad enough to volunteer to make out with him or anything.
When he was done, Priya took the bottle from her friend, spinning and landing on Natalie. The two of them exchanged a reluctant glance, then she spun again.
"I'm hoping for one of the straight boys, no offense," she explained, almost apologetically. The bottle slowed and stopped, pointing back on me. "Round 2?" she asked me with a smile.
She got up and stood in front of me, and I took her by the hand from my Muskoka chair, admiring her body as I guided her into my lap. She was beautiful, with long black hair, black smouldering eyes, and luscious curves. She sat on my leg, and I could feel damp warmth from between her legs as she leaned in and kissed me.
If our first kiss was my trying to show her what I could do, this was the reverse. Priya was dominant now, leaning down on me and clearly in charge. I let my hand drift down to her ass, holding her close as she kissed me, full-on, not holding a thing back. I could feel my cock swelling, and I willed it to behave, momentarily envying women and their less visually obvious arousal. An erection might be inevitable, but in a group of friends that included my stepsister, I didn't want to be the only guy to be fully hard, in case it came across as creepy or inappropriate.
Priya finally pulled up for air, fanning herself.
"Where'd you learn to kiss like that?" I asked her in reverse.
"A lady never tells," she grinned at me as she got up and returned to her spot beside Mark. I admired the rear view of her ass as she left. Goodness, but Vanessa had a habit of making friends with pretty girls.
Becky was up next, spinning the bottle and landing on Carson. The two of them exchanged a look, then she immediately re-spun and got Michelle. She headed over to where Michelle was sitting on a blanket with Jason. The brunette's scowl had changed into a look of excitement, and I assume Becky noticed, because she aggressively pushed her down, climbed on top into the cowgirl position, leaned over, and kissed her, long, hard and passionate.
From where I was sitting I had a relatively clear, if dark, view of both girls' vulvas; Michelle's shaven between spread-eagled legs, Becky's hairy and tucked between her legs in the doggy-style position. I willed my cock to behave as I watched. The rest of the group howled its approval as Becky rounded first and slid into second base, feeling Michelle's breast up and lowering herself to put weight between Michelle's legs. It was subtle, but I was pretty sure Michelle started grinding against her gently, and the look of awe on Jason's face alone would have been worth the price of admission.
Once Becky finished, she helped Michelle sit back up, copping another feel of her breast as she returned to her spot. Michelle seemed a little dazed. "Wow," she finally said. "You're a hell of a kisser."
"How was it finally kissing a girl, babe?" Jason asked.
"It was everything I hoped it would be." She ostentatiously fanned herself with both hands.
Monique was next, spinning and landing on Carson. I half-expected her to spin again, but Monique went over to him, leaned over the lawn chair he was sat in, and kissed him. It wasn't a passionate kiss, but at least she hadn't seemed disgusted at the idea. I assumed that Carson was a safe bet for her, given that she probably didn't want to spin one of her close friends. A familiar friendship between them could make such things weird.
Then it was Jason's turn. He eagerly spun the bottle, and I could tell he was excited about the possibility of kissing someone else. It landed on Vanessa, and he bounded up. His cock hadn't ever returned to fully flaccid after getting out of the water, but he had become fully hard since watching his girlfriend being mauled by another girl, and he seemed completely unashamed of it. I'd never seen another guy with an erection in real life before, and I couldn't help but compare myself - Jason was also circumcised, and I was pretty sure my dick was a little bigger than his.
Vanessa's eyes flitted to his rod as he made his way to her, and she seemed slightly uncomfortable at the thought of kissing a taken guy with a hard cock and with his girlfriend sitting right there. But they kissed, long, passionate and for real. When it finished, he headed back to the blanket with Michelle. He was clearly studying her for signs of jealousy, but she seemed fine with it. I wondered why Laura had made Michelle jealous while Vanessa hadn't, before remembering to myself how quickly and easily Laura could develop feelings for someone. Maybe Michelle saw one, but not the other, as competition.
Michelle was the last to spin. She leaned over the bottle and spun with gusto, and the bottle slowed to a stop on her boyfriend. They turned and smiled at each other.
"Awww," Natalie cooed. "That's sweet."
"Let's show these amateurs how it's done," Michelle said determinedly.
She leaned over her to Jason and attacked him, kissing him aggressively. The couple seemed to forget for a moment that they had an audience as his left hand quickly found her right boob, squeezing it and playing with her pink nipple. After a moment Michelle climbed into his lap, straddling his leg and starting to slowly grind against it.
I couldn't help my erection gradually growing as I watched them, but at least I wasn't alone. Carson was also getting hard, and judging by the looks on the girls' faces, I'd have guessed everyone but Mark and the lesbian couple were in an equal state of growing arousal. Mark's cock was still soft, while Monique looked amused more than anything as Becky sat with her arm around her, focusing more on her partner than on the erotic show going on adjacent.
Finally after what felt like forever, Michelle seemed to remember she had an audience, and pulled out of the kiss, climbing off Jason's lap and looking around unsurely, as if to gauge our reactions. No one said a word. Our collective eyes were waiting to see what she was going to do next.
"So... we're all going to pretend Jason still doesn't have a full-on boner here?" Monique spoke up. Jason blushed as everyone else laughed.
"I can't help it," Jason said defensively. He quickly jammed his fingers between his girlfriend's legs as she squealed with surprise, then he pulled them out, examining them. "You can't see a ladyboner from six feet away, but trust me, it's there."
"It's not my fault you and Becky are both such good kissers," she retorted, putting her hand on his inner thigh. "Anyone would get turned on by you two."
He leaned over and kissed her again, grabbing her other breast and playing with it as she let out another, louder moan. He pulled her back into his lap, this time facing away from him as his arms wrapped around her waist. His hand dipped between her legs to her shaven slit, and she jumped in surprise as his fingers found her clit. I expected this to be a step too far for her, but she was apparently unable to resist, letting out a deep, guttural and loud moan as she reached behind her to grab Jason's cock.
We watched for another minute. Michelle's face was now contorted in pleasure, as Jason clearly knew exactly how to touch her from years of experience. His right hand was firmly between her legs and his left was roaming her body, cupping her breasts, tweaking her nipples, stroking her inner thighs. Her movements behind her back weren't visible to us, and from his reaction it seemed like he was getting less out of it, given how difficult it must have been to give a handjob behind your back. Michelle's eyes were closed as he fingered her, a look of intense sexual pleasure on her face. Jason kept looking around the fire at the looks of arousal on nearly everyone's faces as he alternated between watching the audience and kissing Michelle's neck. I was fully erect now, and it took a sheer force of will not to start touching myself.
I looked around at the group. Both Carson and I were now close to fully hard, and Priya and Laura both looked as aroused as I was feeling. Natalie looked like she was trying hard not to look like she was staring, and Vanessa and Carson were both absent-mindedly touching each other's bodies as they watched. Monique still looked amused, Becky looked like she wanted to jump her partner, and Mark's expression remained as blank as ever.
Michelle finally let out a louder, more deeply sexual squeal as Jason's pace picked up. He hips had started rocking against his fingers.
"Get a room," Vanessa teased.
Michelle blushed, suddenly knocked out of her trance, and pulled her boyfriend's hands off her. They both looked around, embarrassed, and in the awkward sudden silence Jason glanced at their tent. She noticed where his eyes were looking, and you could see the wheels turning in both of their heads.
"Yeah, that's a good idea," Michelle said quickly. "Good night, everyone."
She gathered their clothes up and made a beeline for the tent with Jason in tow, hard cock bouncing around as he followed her. They zipped up the tent, and shortly after we all heard the distinctive noises of a couple having sex.
"This is my fault," Vanessa mumbled. We were all staring at the tent now. There was no light over there, so you couldn't see anything, but the thin nylon walls did nothing to obscure the sounds of wet, rhythmic slapping and girlish moaning.
We all listened in rapt attention. Their lovemaking was unhurried. It didn't feel like they were performing for us, more just completely uncaring if we overheard them. As I looked around the fire, I noticed Carson's cock was bigger than mine or Jason's, and had a distinctive curve to it. I quickly looked away, not wanting to be seen looking at another dude's dick.
Priya was sitting beside me with her legs crossed, squeezing them together with some intensity. Vanessa and Natalie were sitting with their legs wide open in distinctively aroused, unladylike poses. Vanessa's pussy was sitting open and I could see her inner labia peeking between her outer lips. Natalie's black pubic hair prevented me from seeing much more of her pussy in the low campfire light.
Laura was staring directly at my cock and unconsciously playing with her breasts, which I was doing my best to ignore. Her face wore the same overwhelmed, turned on look as the night we'd hooked up. I couldn't tell if she even realized she was touching herself, as we were all in a total trance.
Monique and Becky were now making out. Each girl had a hand on the other's breast, and Monique was playing with Becky's nipple piercing. Only Mark seemed outwardly unfazed by the hetero sex happening nearby, though his semi-erect cock indicated he was enjoying something of what he was seeing and hearing. The moaning continued from the direction of the tent, with Michelle's voice growing and fading in volume in rhythm with the sound and intensity of the sex noises.
I momentarily caught Vanessa's eye lingering on my boner as she caught me staring at her pussy, and we exchanged an uncomfortable look as we each averted our eyes away from each other. I'd never even considered before tonight that my stepsister was a grown woman with normal sexual appetites, but that wall in my mind had been dynamited. Vanessa was naked and horny six feet away from me, and I couldn't continue to pretend that she wasn't a woman like any other, even though that thought made me feel slightly uncomfortable.
"Carson, I need you to fuck me right now," Vanessa finally spoke up, her voice a ragged, needy whisper. Carson bounded up eagerly, taking her by the hand, and the two of them headed quickly for the cottage. I turned to watch them leaving, admiring Vanessa's ass as she entered the cottage. She had the best ass of the entire group, and I was turned on enough that I wasn't afraid to admit it to myself.
I turned my attention back to Monique and Becky. Becky was now kissing Monique's neck, and had her right hand between her partner's legs. From the movements of her hand, it looked like Monique was being penetrated right in front of us. With the lingering darkness I couldn't quite tell for sure, though the noises she was making indicated she was enjoying something Becky was doing. I quickly looked around the campfire and noticed everyone else was now watching the sole remaining couple, too. I decided that if any of the other solo people started openly masturbating, I would start too, but I wasn't willing to be the first to cross that bridge when I was an outsider to the group.
I looked over at Laura, who appeared to be the most turned on of anyone. She was still staring only at me, legs spread wide open, running her hands up and down her body, writhing in her chair, touching herself everywhere except the one place I knew she most wanted it.Please start, I begged her in my head.I don't want to fuck you again, but if you cross the line then everyone else will too. I'm desperate.My cock was twitching on its own, becoming almost painfully erect, and continuing to hold out was a real challenge.
Monique suddenly turned to face me with Becky's fingers still inside her. "Peter, can we have the futon for a bit?"
I'd have let them anyway, but I felt like I owed Monique a favour, so of course I said yes. The two girls got up, said their good-nights, and disappeared into the house.
Jason and Michelle's sex was reaching a crescendo by this point, as the remaining group of single or "boyfriend isn't here" people sat awkwardly staring at each other. The three couples had gone off to hook up, and we were the poor bastards left. I was so horny I wasn't thinking straight, and I knew it.Should I make a move on someone?I briefly considered the possibilities. Laura was an obvious and firm no. Natalie, sitting across from me, looked quite aroused, biting her bottom lip and clearly straining to hear whatever she could from the tent, but she was taken, and I wasn't going to induce her to cheat on her boyfriend.
Priya was the only remaining eligible woman in the group, and we'd shared two intense kisses. I assumed based upon that that she was at least somewhat attracted to me, but as I quickly ran it over in my mind, I couldn't see any way to proposition her in a group setting without it coming across weird. If I did, whether I succeeded or failed, I'd stoke Laura's jealousy further, and that's not to mention how angry Vanessa would be tomorrow morning. I decided to myself that if Priya propositioned me, I'd say yes, but I couldn't be the aggressor here when I was an outsider to the group.
I glanced over at her. I was pretty sure Priya's squeezing her legs together, which had further increased in intensity, was a version of masturbation, but as it wasn't overt I didn't think I could get away with joining in. Her plump dark nipples were erect and I desperately wanted to reach out and touch them beside me, but I knew better. Instead I just watched her, enjoying the look of arousal on her face. I noticed her body suddenly jolt as a wave of pleasure seemed to course through her.She's almost certainly masturbating, I decided.But she's still got plausible deniability, and I won't have that if I join in. Damn it all to hell.
I then thought back to the forest of sleeping bags around the futon where Monique and Becky were surely fucking at this exact moment and cursed inwardly. I didn't see any way I was going to get to jerk off tonight, and I wondered how I was ever going to sleep. It was getting very difficult not to touch my cock, and I continued to pray that one of the remaining girls would take the lead and start openly touching themselves. Even Natalie had started running her hands up and down her inner thighs subconsciously as she squirmed in her lawn chair.Come on, I willed.Someone do it.
"I'm gonna cum, Jason," Michelle suddenly hollered, and climaxed seconds later. The radiant sounds of her orgasm echoed through the tall birch trees. She'd been a noisy fuck, but her screaming orgasm could easily have been heard for half a mile around in the dead silence of the northern night. If Jason had gotten off, I hadn't heard it, but once her moaning stopped, the noises from the tent also ceased. In the background I could still hear a different female voice moaning through the open windows of the cottage, but it was way less ostentatious. I wondered idly whose voice it was of the three possibilities.
I looked around the campfire at three very horny-looking women and Mark, whose cock was finally fully hard. He had a girthy but short one, apparently. "How's everyone doing?"
Natalie giggled nervously. "I sure wish my boyfriend was here."
"I'm fine," Mark said. "I've been to enough gay bars not to be fazed by random sex happening around me."
"I haven't! That was something else, wasn't it?" Priya exclaimed. Her legs had slowed down but were still squeezing gently together.
Laura said nothing, still seemingly mesmerized and staring lustily at my cock.
I waited just a second to see if anyone was going to take the lead, then I spoke up. The spell seemed to have broken with Michelle's orgasm.Damn."I don't think I'm getting laid tonight, so I could use a cold dip in the lake to wash away this boner," I finally said, indicating my dick. "Anyone want to join me?"
Laura looked like she wanted to say something, but thankfully she kept quiet.
"Sure," Natalie spoke up immediately.
"I will too," Priya agreed. "It's not like I can get anymorewet."
"I don't want to go back in the water," Mark said, ignoring the innuendo. "I'm going to hang out here until we get the all-clear from inside, then I'll probably go to bed."
We all turned to face Laura, where she was still caressing her nipple. "Uh, I'm going to go use the bathroom." She pointed at the tiny shower building.
Natalie, Priya and I got up and headed down to the lake, jumping in. We all kept our distance from each other, splashing around in our own little worlds as we cooled off. Soon, the cold water had worked its magic. I was still mentally aroused, but the physical evidence of that had shrank quite a bit.
"So, are we all in agreement that Laura's masturbating on the toilet right now?" Priya asked after a few minutes.
Natalie cracked up. "Yeah, I'd bet anything she is. She doesn't exactly have a lot of self-control."
"This isn't the first time she's done this?" I asked innocently.
"Well, not quite like this, but she's always been a bit of a perv. She was always the most boy-crazy out of all of us, other than Vanessa, but Vanessa always acted mature about it. Laura was just a horndog. I used to be super innocent, and Laura would talk about these crazy things she'd seen in porn."
"I can't say I've been around a lot of conversations where girls were talking about porn," I interjected.
"Neither have I, really. Laura, Vanessa and Monique were the sex fiends of the group. Sam, Kirsten and I were more chaste and innocent. And Michelle only ever really wanted Jason. She was the first of us to have sex, but she always kept her sexuality mostly private. She's told us small stuff about her and Jason's sex life in the past here and there, but I've never seen any signs of it until tonight."
"I also fell on the innocent side of that line in high school," Priya volunteered, "though with Vanessa's influence on me this past year I've started making up for it."
Interesting, I thought.
We floated around in the water for a little while longer, cooling off both physically and metaphorically. In time someone - Becky, I think - signalled Mark that the coast was clear. He walked down to the lake shore, dick now fully soft.
"You guys good to put the fire out when you come to bed?" he shouted.
"Sure!" I yelled back.
"Good night, everyone!" He waved, turned and went inside. A little after that, I noticed Laura emerge from the bathroom building and return to the fireside. In the dying light of the campfire I could see even at a distance that she had the same 'just been fucked' look on her face I remembered from a couple months before. She grabbed her clothes and went in the house, too, ignoring those of us still in the water.
It had gotten quite late, and the sound of the crickets and gentle splashing filled an otherwise quiet night. I watched Natalie in particular, splashing happily around without a care in the world. I still thought she was beautiful, with her long black hair hanging wet down her back and her delicate skin glistening in the low light. I had been disappointed to have realized she was taken, but there was still a bit of a spark between us, and I was happy to feel like I'd connected with her today.
In time the three of us climbed out of the water and headed for the fire, which was down to embers at that point. I carefully doused what was left of it, then I found some towels so we could dry off before we went inside. We'd been naked for a couple of hours now, and the un-air conditioned cabin was hot in the stillness of a summer's night despite all the windows being open, so I didn't see the point in throwing pyjamas on. When we got in the cottage, I saw the door to the bedroom was closed, and there was no sign of Vanessa, Carson, Monique or Becky. Laura and Mark were both fast asleep in their sleeping bags on the far side of the room, which left the futon for me and the floor space adjacent for Priya and Natalie.
I watched the girls climb into their sleeping bags, mentally savouring what I assumed would be the final views of their nude bodies, and wished them a whispered good night before pulling the covers over me. It was then that my own body betrayed me. I'd managed to put my arousal to rest in the lake, but lying nude on the futon, mind racing, I replayed the night's events in my mind; all the nudity, Michelle and Jason's loud sex, Monique getting fingered, knowing Laura was masturbating in the bathroom, the looks of intense arousal on everyone's faces, two girls getting it on right where I was lying only minutes earlier, seven wet pussies around a campfire. Within a few minutes I had another intense, rock-hard erection that I just knew was never going to go away on its own.
I debated getting out of bed and going to the bathroom - it wouldn't have been the first time I'd jerked off in the only private space in the whole cottage property - but with Priya and Natalie still probably awake and me naked, I didn't want to get up. If the girls saw that my erection had come back, even in silhouette, it wouldn't be possible to hide what I was going to sneak out and do. I reached down and touched my urethra, slick with precum, and rubbed the natural lube all over the head of my dick. It felt exquisitely sensitive and just increased my need even further. In two minutes I was as turned on as I'd been before I'd gone swimming.Fucking hell.
I knew it probably hadn't been enough time for both girls to fall asleep, but in my needy state I decided to lean over the edge of the futon and have a look anyway. Priya, farther away from me, was lying on her stomach, facing away. Her long black hair and sleeping bag were all that I could see. But Natalie, lying right beside the futon, was on her back, staring at the ceiling, eyes open and clearly wide awake. She looked me in the eye as I leaned over,and I immediately registered that the look on her face was just as sexually frustrated as I was feeling. I mimed sleeping at her, and she shook her head, then gave the same gesture back to me. I shook my head back.Can't sleep.
I glanced down the length of her sleeping bag, and her hand made a tent right where her crotch would be, as if she had a boner. I looked back at her face, and she shrugged. Was she asking if I had one? I nodded, and she smiled to herself.
I didn't know how to hand-signal for "wet," so I held up two fingers, then moved them on the knuckle of my other hand in the circular motion all girls know well. She looked away, embarrassed, then looked back and sheepishly nodded. She then pulled her hand out of her sleeping bag and mimicking a guy jerking off.Was she asking?I nodded. I wanted to. The moment hung between us like a lead weight for just a second, and then she licked her fingers and reached into her sleeping bag. I grasped my cock fully with my hand and started to slowly stroke it.
With three other people in the room and both of us fully covered, there was no chance of any kind of show, but the eroticism of the situation was palpable as I watched Natalie's face begin to contort in response to the pleasure her fingers had started secretly giving her. I could just about make out the movements of her hand between her legs in the sleeping bag - she was touching herself slowly and quietly, but she was definitely doing it right in front of me.
Up on the futon, I was stroking very slowly and deliberately, laying in a slightly awkward position on my side so I could see her, knowing I was one overly-energetic move away from both of us being caught, but after all the buildup of the evening, my cock was demanding more than my hand could give it. It was slick with precum, and my hand gliding slowly up and down felt absolutely exquisite. In the dead silence of the cabin, the only sounds were the slow breathing from the sleeping people across the room, an occasional squeak or sigh from Natalie, and very quiet, almost inaudible wet noises coming from Natalie's sleeping bag and from my hand.
My sexual frustration was building, and the look on Natalie's face as she gave in to her needy pussy had me more turned on than at any point earlier in the evening. I'd seen her naked for hours, so even though I couldn't see anything now, I knew exactly what she looked like under her sleeping bag. But her face was the part of her that was most displaying how turned on she was. It was flushed, and she kept biting her bottom lip, licking her lips, and returning her fingers to her mouth for more moisture.
For her part, I could tell she was having trouble keeping quiet and holding still. The only movement detectable was a gentle rustling of her sleeping bag halfway down her body, but she seemed restless and overwhelmed. I wanted to touch myself faster, but I didn't feel like I could for risk of getting caught, and I think Natalie felt the same.
I'd had my eyes locked on Natalie for a couple of minutes as we touched ourselves, enjoying sharing such an intimate and secretive moment with her, but suddenly I noticed movement in Priya's sleeping bag. We'd been careless. Of course Priya was still awake. The brown girl was still on her stomach, but her head had turned, and she was watching us. I instinctively stopped touching myself, but Natalie's attention was solely focused on me and on her pussy, and she hadn't noticed that the girl beside her was watching her masturbate.
I tried to non-verbally warn Natalie, but before I could, Priya's shoulder flexed, and then, partway down her sleeping bag, I saw her butt start rocking gently back and forth. She sighed deeply with relief.
I gestured with my head towards Priya, and Natalie, spooked, immediately stopped touching and turned to face the girl beside her. Priya, for her part, didn't stop humping her hand, and nodded reassuringly to Natalie, who quickly noticed Priya had joined in. I grabbed my cock again as Natalie clearly thought about it for a second, then her fingers found her clit again. We were all too far gone to care about privacy or decorum.
From where I was lying, on my side, elevated to the two girls, I had a terrific view of two pretty faces contorted in pleasure, of Priya's ass rising and falling as she humped her hand, of Natalie's hand jiggling quickly in her sleeping bag. I was also conscious of the sound of steady deep breathing from where Laura and Mark were sleeping - Laura was no more than two or three feet from Priya - and their slow breathing was audible alongside the quiet wet noises coming out of the two closer sleeping bags. But that said, I don't know if I'd have been able to stop even if we'd been caught. Three couples had had sex tonight, Laura had already gotten off (I assumed), and Mark hadn't seemed fazed. The remaining three of us needed to cum, desperately.
It was only being forced to go slow and keep quiet that had kept me from blowing my load ages ago, but with precum drowning my diamond-hard dick and two girls fingering themselves directly below me, my orgasm was fast approaching. I had the thought that I had no easy way to grab a tissue to clean up, but I didn't care. I could wash the sheets later, I just needed my release.
All three of us had picked up speed, with Natalie's hand quickly rubbing herself between her legs, which were spread as wide as the sleeping bag would allow. Priya was also humping faster, making the old wooden floor creak slightly beneath her in rhythm. I started to worry about being caught, but at this point I didn't care if Laura woke up and joined in, or even if Vanessa suddenly came out of the bedroom. Hell, the cottage could have burned down around me and I wouldn't have been able to stop.
Natalie was the first to reach climax. The movements under her sleeping bag intensified as she held her breath and stiffened, shaking with exertion as she desperately tried to remain silent. The look on her face was unbelievably hot - pale face flushed, eyes closed, mouth open, back arching - and a tiny squeak escaped her mouth as her vagina exploded and her body convulsed. That was all it took for me, and I blew my load hard and fast, my perineum seizing and then blasting cum out violently into the sheets. I think I might have moaned a little, but I don't know for sure. I honestly couldn't remember the last time I'd had an orgasm that strong, and I shook uncontrollably as it finished.
Just as my orgasm was subsiding, Priya's hips rocked ever faster and harder, and shortly she came, too. Natalie had turned to face her and watch as the darker girl buried her face in her pillow as her orgasm overtook her, her hips slowing down and grinding out her climax into her fingers. I heard her grunting quietly into the pillow, her sounds muffled but still audible.
When Priya finally came down, her body relaxing, Natalie caught my eye and we both stifled a giggle. Laura and Mark were still sleeping soundly. We hadn't been caught.
"I needed that," Natalie whispered as she licked her fingers clean.
"So badly," I whispered back.
"Me too. Now I can sleep," added Priya, brushing her hair out of her face. A moment passed, and Priya suddenly looked slightly embarrassed, quickly rolling away from us. Natalie just looked relieved and absolutely spent. I thought her 'just been fucked' face was incredibly cute, and I loved the way her eyes shone as she stared up at me.
Twenty minutes later, both girls were out cold, but I was still wide awake. The urge to cum was mercifully gone, but the events of the evening were still running through my head, and my brain was feeling way too active to sleep. Suddenly, the door to the bedroom opened, and Monique, still naked, headed for the outside door. I assumed she was heading to the bathroom, but when she didn't return after a few minutes, I decided to get up and see where she was.
A half moon had risen low over the water, illuminating the dark night enough that I could see Monique alone, sitting at the end of the dock with her feet dangling in the lake. I went down and sat down beside her.
"Couldn't sleep?" I asked.
She turned to face me, smiling. "Nah. It's too hot in there and my brain won't turn off."
"I feel that. What a crazy night, huh?"
"It was insane." She leaned into me, and I put my arm around her protectively. I couldn't resist checking her out in the moonlight. She had stretch marks on her small breasts and stomach - evidence of her weight loss, I assumed - but I still thought she looked beautiful. I'd never paid her much attention when we'd been younger, but her confidence was sexy, and I found myself again wishing she wasn't gay.
"This is where our friendship began, eh?" she asked.
"I remember. It was a year ago this month."
"So much has changed since then. I don't look or feel like the same person. Thank you, again, for starting me down this path." She kissed me on the cheek.
"Thank you, in return, for all you've done for me. I understand your motivations, but it's been fantastic for me to have those couple of weeks with Kirsten, and getting to know you, Natalie and Kirsten better has started allowing me to see Vanessa as a person, too. We had a good conversation on the way up here in the car. I don't think we're quite at the point where we're ready to be pals, but it's not quite as hostile as it used to be."
"Aww, that's amazing, and also you're welcome." Monique squeezed me again. "Were you uncomfortable seeing her naked? You both seemed to be a little weirded out."
"It was a little strange, but I've been seeing hints of her sexuality and hearing comments from other people lately, and tonight finally drilled it home that she's all grown up. I'm glad to see she's at least confident, even though I doubt her Dad would approve of some of the things I've learned about her."
"Yeah, Vanessa is definitely the wild one out of our group. I'm glad you're not too upset, though. A lot of brothers would be super judgmental and overprotective, even if they'd be happy to bang a dozen girls just like her if she wasn't related."
"I'm not here to judge her. We're stuck with each other, all I care about is that she's safe and happy."
"I think she is. And I'm glad to hear you say that."
"Has anything like tonight ever happened before with this group?" I asked.
Monique exhaled deeply. "No. Never. We were as sex-obsessed as any teenagers, but it was only ever conversation, teasing, that sort of thing. But we've all grown up a lot this past year. I'd seen all the girls changing before except Natalie, but I've never seen any of them in a full-on sexual situation like this."
"You'd never seen Natalie naked before tonight?"
"Nope. She was the prude of the group. I was shocked she was willing to skinny-dip in the first place, and then her staying naked was kind of what led to the whole night happening. Today's the first time I've seen her since the winter, but it's good to see she's maybe finally outgrowing her prudishness a little."
"And did you know Michelle was into girls?"
Monique shook her head. "I never would have guessed. I'm surprised she never mentioned it, knowing my sexual tastes and all, but Becky picked up on it right away and rocked her world, huh?"
"That was so hot. That kiss was the moment that started her off. I think she got so turned on that it led directly to overhearing her and Jason fucking."
"Agreed. She seemed jealous up to that point, but then it was like a switch flipping. It was also hot because that's so out of character for Michelle. She's not much of an exhibitionist. I find it so fucking erotic when someone gets so horny they lose all control."
I nodded. I couldn't agree more.
"How were things with Natalie today?" she asked abruptly, changing the subject.
"Good," I answered. "I'm disappointed she's taken, because I really do like her. She's girlfriend material, not just hookup material. Knowing that she likes me is good information to keep in my back pocket, and if it's meant to be, someday it'll happen. But she's probably not ever moving permanently back to Guelph, and I don't know where I'm going to wind up if I get into law school, so I don't know if there's a future there anyway."
"That's probably wise," Monique said. "I'm glad it was good for you, seeing her again."
"How are things with Becky?" I asked.
Monique shrugged. "She's not 'The One', if that's what you're asking. But she eats pussy like an Olympic champion. There are worse reasons to hook up with someone."
I laughed. "How was she tonight?"
"Monique exhaled. "Man. I'm glad we brought the strap-on. I fucked her into submission, then she ate me out like a pro. I'm still buzzing."
"I'm happy for you." I squeezed her waist again. "Still horny?"
"I'm always horny, Peter. But I think I'm satiated for a while. You? I can see the boner's gone, at least."
"I managed to jerk off in the bathroom," I lied. I was planning to tell her about the impromptu threesome eventually, but I was still processing through it.
"Oh, good. Glad you got some relief."
We sat in silence for a few moments, listening to the ripples of the water around our feet. It was incredibly peaceful sitting there with Monique in my arms, and I liked feeling like we were having a post-sex naked snuggle a little, even though we'd both just kind of hooked up with other people.
"So, it's gotta be Sam, right?" I finally asked rhetorically. "Michelle's practically married; her and Jason are still so much into each other that it can't be her. And I know it's not Vanessa."
Monique sighed. "You should know by now I'm not going to tell you anything else."
"It's Sam for sure," I declared.
"You don't even like Sam, from what I remember," she pointed out.
"I always thought she was a stuck-up rich girl," I replied. "But I didn't have warm thoughts about Vanessa or some of her other friends either, and I've been realizing all summer that I was wrong about her friends. Sam deserves another shot."
Monique nodded. "She's not stuck-up. She is definitely rich, that's true, but you don't get to choose your family. She's incredibly caring and kind, and she's the glue that's held our group together over the years as we've occasionally had cat-fights or rough patches. I'm interested to see what you think of her once you get to know her."
"You know that I'll let you know."
We sat like that for a while longer, cuddling, enjoying each other's company, before tiredness finally overtook us and we headed to bed. I was surprised when Monique climbed into the futon with me, but she whispered that it was because of comfort, preferring a futon to a sleeping bag, nothing else. I didn't mind, though I was glad that the cum stain on the sheets was mostly dry and on my side so she wouldn't notice. As she curled into me I drifted off, thinking of Samantha, of the possibilities ahead, of Monique's warm breath on my face and soft breast pressing into my bare chest.One to go.