It was a typical Gulf Coast steamy August evening as I pulled up to the red light and slowly stopped the car. I think I may have heard a nearly subliminal moan or perhaps I just wanted to see what was going on, but I adjusted the rear view mirror to look into the back seat. There was my wife, slouched in the seat with her legs spread. Her mini-dress was hiked up above her hips and visible was the small triangular patch of hairless white skin, left untanned by her string thong, and contrasted with her tan elsewhere. A stranger's thumb was slowly massaging figure eights on her clitoris and his glistening middle finger was disappearing in and out of her shaved cunt. I do not know if she sensed my gaze, but she opened her eyes and said, "This is what you wanted, you had better enjoy it because I am."
Indeed it was. Yes, we had talked about this, but I never thought it would ever amount to anything more than that. We are now in our 50s. Like many couples of our age, we have done pretty much all two people could do to keep sex new and fresh. Both of us are quite fit. She is 5'4" tall and now weighs less than 120 pounds. Her breasts are small but do not sag. Her nipples are quite sensitive and when she is aroused there is no mistaking it. Her hair remains brown and only a rare gray hair can be found. She often exercises by walking, pilates, or riding her bicycle and her legs still draw glances from much younger men.
Over the last several years, I have given her mini-dresses that are short enough that she has to pay attention to how she bends or stoops less nothing is left to the imagination. Generally she would prefer a dress that was not cut low in the top, but would cup her breasts and clearly outline her nipples. When she wears these mini-dresses, she would for me typically go without underwear. Sometimes she would be dressed this way when I arrived home from work and I knew we would have an exciting evening.
However, over the last year or so she began to wear these dresses when we would go out for the evening to dinner or a bar. Typically she would sit where I could see legs and she would cross and uncross her legs in a way that no one apart from myself and perhaps the wait staff could see what she was revealing. If she liked the looks of a waiter, she had no reservations about giving him a show. Sometimes she would go to the ladies room and on her way back, if the waiter was nearby, she would drop her napkin and bend over in front of him. This never failed to get their attention.
During these evenings, I would often place my hand on her thigh and as the evening progressed so would my hand up her thigh. By the time dinner was over, we would end up rushing home. Kathy would remove her dress in the car and I would play with her on the drive home. Once we arrived, we could not wait to get inside and make love. As we did, Kathy would often whisper in my ear that she would talk about having one of the waiters with her as well.
This evening seemed to start in this fairly typical manner. We had dinner reservations at a relatively new restaurant. It is on the intra-coastal waterway and was advertised to provide "upscale" food in contrast to the usual fried everything found at many coastal places. Kathy chose a dress I had been after her to wear for quite a while. This black mini-dress was, like her others quite short, but it also was cut in the front down to her abdomen. This was set off by a simple gold necklace and moderate sized gold hoop earrings. Of course she wore nothing underneath her dress. After many days in the sun, she was tanned all over with the exception of three small triangles where her string thong and top covered. As she walked through the house and twisted the right way, the small triangle around her nipples which contrasted with the tan and the darkness of her areolae was visible. Similarly, when she sat down and uncrossed her legs, the small white, hairless triangle was easily visible. Her black 3 inch heels accented her calves and her gold necklace and dangle earrings perfectly accented the dress.
We got into our car and started towards the restaurant. I glanced over at her. Her dress barely came down to her thighs and with the plunging neckline, if it were not for the seatbelt, I am certain I would have been able to see her right breast. I put my hand on her left thigh and reflexively she parted her legs. I gently stroked her inner thigh as we drove the fifteen minutes to the restaurant. We parked about 50 feet from the restaurant. Kathy got out of the car and I could see her dress hugging her breasts and accentuating her hard nipples. Behind, her dress barely covered he gluteal fold.
The restaurant was simply designed; open with a lot of glass and stainless steel. We gave the maître d' our name to confirm our 7:30 reservation. I noticed he could not keep from glancing up and down my wife's dress as he checked the table lay out. Curiously, Kathy seemed to be checking him out as well. Indeed , he was quite a fit specimen. I suspect he was just short of six feet tall with the build of a linebacker, a well -developed chest and slim hips. He introduced himself as Paul and asked us to follow him to our table. We were seated at a round corner table with a quarter circle booth. Kathy slipped into the center of the booth and both Paul and I were able to confirm that all she had nothing on under her dress. I slid into the booth next to her as Paul handed out the menus and told us that Martin, our waiter would be around shortly.
We studied our menus and Kathy made a point of crossing and uncrossing her legs, each time giving me a view of her shaved crotch. She also, for some reason was quite animated. She was talking with her hands, leaning over the table, giving me a view of her right breast. Martin arrived a few minutes later and asked for our drink orders. Kathy leaned forward as if she was studying her menu. Martin eyes lingered a moment too long and it was clear he too had a good view of her breast as well. We ordered gin and tonics and Martin said he would be back shortly with them and to take our dinner order.
Kathy leaned back into her seat and said, "I have a feeling we will really enjoy this evening." Our drink orders arrived and Martin began to describe the specials for the evening. Kathy shifted in the booth and put her right thigh on the seat giving Martin an unobstructed view. We ordered our dinner. Kathy ordered the mahi-mahi and I the amberjack. As we chatted and finished our drinks Kathy turned to me and put her left thigh up on the booth. I ran my hand up her thigh and her puffy lips were already getting wet. She sighed briefly and said, "Go easy, we have a long night ahead of us."
We finished our drinks and ordered a second round as our appetizers arrived. We ordered an unoaked chardonnay for dinner. Kathy, if anything, was even more animated. As she spoke and leaned forward in her seat both Martin and Paul seemed to be glancing over at our table more and more. I too enjoyed the regular glances I was getting of her firm nipple surrounded by the small triangle of untanned breast.
Our meals came and we talked and drank and talked some more. We finished our wine as we were finishing our meals. Realizing this, Kathy said she had to visit the ladies room and that she would look into after dinner drinks. On her way past the maître d, Kathy stopped and spoke to Paul. I am not sure what she said, but his eyes followed her until she disappeared into the hall to the restroom. I just surveyed the scene until she came back. Again Kathy stopped at the maître d's desk, but this time she put her hands on his waist and Paul reciprocated by wrapping his arm around her waist and gently fondling her buttock. Kathy whispered something to him, laughed and headed back to our table. As she arrived, it appeared as if she "accidently" dropped her napkin. She turned half way back to the maître, squatted down and retrieved her napkin. Her pantiless bottom was fully exposed.
Kathy got into our booth, sidled up to me and told me that our after dinner drinks were on the way. I slid my hand slowly up and down her thigh, each time getting closer to the top of her legs. As I did, she spread her legs just a bit more. After a couple of minutes, I finally got to the top and as I gently slid my index finger over her clit, I could hear her inhale and then moan ever so slightly. Then she looked up, "Oh Paul, I see you have our drinks." I discretely moved my hand off of her thigh.
Paul served us each a tawny port and said that he very much enjoyed our patronage and the drinks were on the house. Kathy asked if he would join us for a round. He agreed and went quickly back to the bar and got a drink for himself. He eased into our booth next to Kathy and began to tell us about the history of the restaurant. Initially Kathy appeared to be interested in the story, but soon her eyes appeared distant and distracted. I put my hand on her left thigh and slowly, so not to attract Paul's attention began to run it up her leg. As I got to her mid- thigh Kathy sighed and closed her eyes. I continued to bring my hand up her leg and to my surprise found another hand already there. Kathy leaned her head back against the booth and closed her eyes and spread her legs even further. Soon her breathing became shallow and I could see her slowly moving her pelvis in response to Paul's manipulations. After a few moments she opened her eyes and said, "The three of us need to get out of here."
I signaled Martin to bring the check and when he did, I handed him my credit card. All this time Kathy was leaning back in her seat and I knew Paul was playing with her. Kathy murmured, "See how wet I am, you finger went right in." I could see now that her hand was on Paul's crotch and there was no hiding his excitement. Finally, Martin came back with the credit card receipt. As I got it, Paul stood up and helped Kathy to her feet. As I was signing the receipt they were walking towards the door. Paul had his hand around Kathy and was slowly raising her dress, exposing her naked buttocks. Kathy, unusually, made no attempt to cover herself. I quickly signed the check and hurried out of the restaurant. Kathy's buttocks were exposed for all to see and Paul was slowly fondling them. Kathy had her hand on him and was doing the same through his pants. I caught up with them as they reached our car. Kathy said, "You drive, Paul and I will ride in the back seat."
I pulled out of the parking light and headed home. At the first light, I adjusted the mirror and then was able to see Paul's fingers on my wife's clitoris. The light turned green and I proceeded. After about a mile a large SUV pulled even with us, honked his horn and gave me the thumbs up sign. I looked again in the rear view mirror and Kathy's dress was now up to her neck. Her breasts fully exposed. Paul had one hand on her crotch and her left nipple was in his mouth. Kathy's moans became more frequent and louder and then she said, "Stop I want to come with you inside of me." Paul looked up and caught my eyes in the mirror, "If you want to fulfill her wish, you had better hurry, she is wet and hotter than a firecracker."
I accelerated and covered the last two miles in less time than was probably safe. As we came up the road to our waterfront house, I hit the garage door opener button and pulled the car into the garage. As soon as the car was stopped, Kathy was out the passenger side. I saw that she was now completely nude and Paul was right behind her and naked from the waist up. Kathy had her hand on his now engorged cock which protruded from his pants and was guiding him upstairs. I closed the garage door and followed them up the stairs. I went through the living room into the master bedroom. Kathy was already on her back, her legs were spread and she had Paul's big cock in her hand. He was on all fours poised above her. I could see her cunt from behind and between Paul's legs. Kathy was rubbing his huge black glans between her labia minora and when she got him lined up he started to penetrate her. He slowly entered her. With each thrust he entered by another fraction of an inch and more and more of his cock glistened with her juices. Kathy let out a gasp, "Oh, that feels so good." By now her eyes were closed, her mouth partly open and with each tiny thrust she moaned in pleasure.
Once Paul was about ¾ fully into her, she lifted her pelvis and took him the rest of the way. Kathy began to come almost immediately, "Oh that feels so good, please keep fucking my cunt." Paul obliged and gradually increased the pace. Kathy seem to have orgasm after orgasm. I stripped off my clothes and climbed next to her on the bed and began to fondle her nipples. Paul began to grunt and shoot his load into Kathy's cunt as she came for what seemed like the fourth time. Paul rolled off of her and I took his place on top of Kathy. I easily slipped into her cum filled cunt.
Paul was beside her on his back and Kathy turned her head to him and they began to French kiss. Kathy began to move her pelvis and matched each stroke of my cock. She reached over and began to fondle Paul's cock, the whole time moaning in pleasure. I looked over and could see that Paul again had become hard and Kathy ran her hand up and down his shaft. Paul looked her in the eye and said I am ready for you to ride.
Kathy sat up and I pulled my now raging erection out of her and she straddled Paul. She rubbed his cock on her and sat down plunging his cock into her to the hilt. Slowly this time, she began to rub her pelvis on his and then slowly go up and down. I moved behind her and put a bit of Vaseline on my finger and slowly worked it into Kathy's ass. She moaned again and said, "Yes I want both of you in me."
I positioned myself and began to work myself into her tight little ass. As I did, I could feel Paul's cock through the thin membranes separating us. I began to move in and out and the three of us got a rhythm going. I reached around and fondled Kathy's nipples as she put her tongue in Paul's mouth.
"God I am so full. I have never been this full of cock before, it feels so good."
I knew I would not last long and after a few minutes I shot my wad into her waiting ass. This brought Kathy to another orgasm and as she came Paul grunted and shot his second load into my lovely wife. I rolled off as did Kathy leaving Paul on the other side. I quickly fell asleep and I believe we all did. Hours later I was awakened by movement on the bed. Kathy was on her side facing me, her legs spread wide. Paul was spooning her and I could see by the moonlight that his black cock was again sliding in and out of her wet white cunt. Kathy began to make the sounds that I knew indicated she was on the cusp of yet another orgasm. Indeed in a few short moments she began to come and shouted, "Oh Paul keep fucking me, shove it all the way in." He did and soon he was grunting as he filled her again. He rolled back on to his back and I reached down between Kathy's legs and easily slipped by finger inside. She was stretched out and cum was running down her leg. As I moved my finger I brushed up against her clit and she move away saying she was too sensitive right now. I feel asleep again and slept soundly.
As the sun came up and lit up the room. We all slowly started to stir. Kathy sat up and straddled my face on all fours. I licked her wet cunt and tasted cum. Paul by now was awake and positioned him behind Kathy and started to penetrate her yet again. Kathy seemed like she was on fire. As soon as his cock entered her, she began to moan. I continued to lick her clit, while she sucked me. I do not know how long we kept this up, but Pauls' thrust into Kathy began to slow. He grunted and began to spurt inside of her. His come dripping down onto me. Kathy moaned, went rigid and collapsed on top of me. In a few minutes, we began to stir again. Paul looked at his watch as he pulled on his pants and said "I have to get going, who will give me a ride?"
"How far is it?"
"Not far, a few minutes from the restaurant."
Kathy said, "I'll take you." She pulled on her dress from the night before with nothing underneath, slipped on her sandals, and grabbed her purse.
"Let's go, I will be back."
She did get back, but it was four hours later.