1640 words 12 min read
***
Leona was a free spirit. The woman was fearless and filterless. Howard was a man filled with filters, and rules, and inhibitions galore. She was lightning, and he was sand. I know when lightning strikes sand, we get glass.
They both were good separate, but no one saw the two of them together. No one but me. They were like sparks from fast train wheels on new tracks. In the dark, the spark beamed, from miles away. However, most people didn't see the blaze in the light of day.
They were that coworker twosome always talking by the cooler. Nothing sexy. Howard would never dip his pen in company ink. He had a career ahead of him. Everyone knew he was untouchable. Handsome, educated, endearingly geek. He was the son of the President of Enviro Sun Products. Leona and he worked in sales together. She had a degree from a community college out west which in no way compared to his degree from Harvard. But she knew people and was the number one salesperson for the national company. She never followed the script or plan. She was all guts and heart. She even had trouble following the dress code and was always pushing the limit. The two of them always had lunch in the cafeteria and he'd walk her to her car at night. They talked about everything and disagreed on it all. People gossiped. But they both insisted they were nothing more than friends, respected co-workers. I watched their friendship from my cubicle in the back near the air-conditioning vent. The damn cold air caused me to wear my gray button-up sweater even in the warmest of weather.
On Monday the President announced that we would have a team building outing on Friday. It would be at the beach, mandatory, and swimwear required. The day out promised to improve morale and expose us to the new company products; sunscreens, aloes, solar grills, a new line of solar speakers, fire-lighters, and even solar tents.
It was an excuse to get sun while learning the new product lines. These events were always filled with some office drama. Last year, it was the VP and his assistant getting more than drunk and more than friendly. They're married now, so likely no thrill-gossip there. My money was on Daddy's boy and that free-thinking friendly brunette, Leona. My sixth sense was never wrong. This year's planned trip to the beach seemed perfect. I might not need my gray sweater.
* * *
On Friday we all piled into the shuttles to the beach. Sitting beside Jake, from accounting, wearing his orange tanks and no shirt was awkward. For once I was glad to pull my gray sweater from my beach bag and cover up my cover-up and one piece.
Howard looked like he had spent long hours in the company gym wearing his vibrant blue Mankini and yellow t-shirt. Leona wore a tiny green string-bikini. She also wore a checked cover up - but barely. The green triangles highlighted her long lean body and perky tits. The ties hung long and swayed with her every move. Howard signaled her and moved over so she could sit beside him. They chatted as if they were wearing business suits, but I noticed both had roving eyes.
We exited the shuttles where the driver provided us each with an itinerary folder. Seems I was on team A with the lovebirds and Susan, Leona's customer service best friend.
The day went well. Until it didn't. At four PM we were to join Team B at the pavilion to take part in trust games. We all took turns climbing a ladder to a platform with a safety bar and attached a safety line. However, the speed of our fall would depend on the team below who managed a rope and pulley system. The team worked with this pulley system to get a trapeze bar close enough for the platform person to reach out and grab. Once the person on the platform grabbed the bar, the workers would lower them to the ground. Seemed simple until Dotty, our snack coordinator, came down hard. After that, we were all tired. But nine had come down. Only Leona remained. She stood on the platform reaching for the bar as it swung toward her. A quick scratch of her back against the pole that held her, a wiggle, a reach, and she caught the bar. Hanging we lowered her down. Until the string around her neck slipped. Her exposed white tits surprised us all. Seems that final itch might have untied that neck string enough that the two green triangles were hanging leaving her perky boobs jiggling under her shocked face.
Dotty, the anchor, and the two males on the team dropped the rope. Dotty to cover her mouth, the males to shield their eyes out of chivalry. The remaining of us petite gals did our best, but Leona came down fast and hit the sand hard. Susan and I ran to help her up as the others gathered to see if she was okay. I stepped on one of the green strings on the ground, and as we pulled her to her feet, the third triangle fell forward exposing her waxed pussy. Everything went silent as we all stared wide-eyed. Howard stepped toward her with a nearby towel, but she put up her hand stopping him.
"No, no. Damage done," Leona said half embarrassment half fighting uncontrollable giggles. "Covering me now means you all get to see me naked and laugh and point in fun for a year. No, thanks! There is only one way out." We waited in panic. "I get to see all of you naked, too. That way no one has anything on anyone, "she explained. She stared us down as we stared at each other. "*Take them off!*" she demanded, as she finished removing her suit and threw it into the middle of the circle we had formed. Jake winked at me and in that moment of 'hell no' I thought 'well, maybe'.
Howard's face froze, and he was standing way too still with his hand folded in front of him. That towel dangling. I could hear his mind working, chugging along. Trying to find out a way off this track.
Susan laughed. "What the hell," she said. "Anything for you, Leona." Seconds later a black one piece was in the center near the green bikini and there were two naked women with their arms around each other's shoulders. Howard laughed. "Leona!" he said, and she bit her lip and tilted her head. "Fuck," he said. "But this stays here. If any of this gets to my dad, we are all dead. Here me?" We all nodded as suits and trunks piled up between us.
Leona broke out in song, "put your right hand in, put your right hand out, do the hokey-pokey, and turn yourself about..." Soon we were all laughing and doing the Hokey-Pokey.
A bell rang signaling dinner and breaking up our fun. The two men were slipping into their trunks and gathering the women's suits. We girls danced. Why? Too much delight, too much sun, too many free drinks at the product training. Jake and Howard followed behind us untangling the suits. I threw a towel to Susan who covered all but one tit with the towel. The others all grabbed their cover-ups or towels. But not Leona. She stood there in all her glory holding her green-checked cover-up.
"Thanks," she said, looking at Howard, then Susan, and the rest of us.
"Wait a minute everyone, Howard said reaching into a bag. "I'm supposed to award someone an award for bravery. He opened a box and pulled out a product bracelet that measured if someone was getting too much sun exposure. He slipped it on Leona's wrist. "I think there is no braver person here than you." We cheered. We all walked in various stages of nude stopping just short of being seen to pull on our suits the guys had untangled and de-sanded for us.
I slipped my tent assignment ticket to Howard. "I won't tell if you won't, but after dinner, go to bed early," I said. Howard nodded and swapped tickets. Seems he was to bunk with Jake. Who knew?
After Dinner, we had free time. Most of us sat around the fire started by a solar-lighter and watched the sunset. The solar tents behind us glowed with warm light having soaked in the sun. As the night wore on many headed to their tents to read or catch up with social media and family. The electricity the solar power tent allowed would be a top selling point. Being here together, we transformed from coworkers to a family.
Up on the hill, the tent near mine had a different show. Shadows moved in erotic ways. After Jake caught his breath from seeing me inside his tent. I signaled for us to watch as Leona's shadow swallowed Howard's shadow's long pride and joy. Jake looked at me. "You always wear that gray sweater, why?" I explained the air conditioning. He smiled and looked around the tent. "No vents here," he said. I took off my gray sweater and threw it in the corner where my suit lay. His trunks soon followed.
His lips landed on mine and the heat between us melted warm and deep within me. He whispered in my ear, "How about a game of follow the shadows?"
I laughed. "Stand, big boy," I growled, clearly inspired by Leona's bravery. My mouth wrapped around his hard cock. He reached up and shut off the tent light. I rocked him as he moaned. And as Leona got on all fours, I enjoyed Jake pulsing inside me from behind. Leona went cowgirl, and well, we were playing follow the shadow. Somehow though my scream was sooner than hers.
It was an unexpected day for a lot of us. And we all recommend thicker tent material the following week, but today was a day I will remember and never regret.
End