By Don Gordon
The story so far: I'm a 23-year old American who's just finishing up a one year work stint in Japan as an English lecturer in a small college on the coast south of Tokyo. I was all set to go home to my girlfriend, Elise, when suddenly one morning, one of my students, a cute woman named Ai, gave me a playful peek up her skirt. Wonder of wonders, she had no panties on at the time, and it turns out that she was doing it because she wants me to stay another year in Japan. We've come pretty damn close to doing it a couple of times, most recently at her place with her parents nearby. Despite all this, I'm still determined to go back to the States, and I finally picked up my plane ticket. As time runs out, Ai's friend, another cutie, Asuka, stepped in to try to get me to stay. I saw Ai at her last exam, but now the year is wrapping up.
The other profs in the college invited me to go out to a farewell supper with them. I thanked them, but begged off. They slowly drifted out, each one saying goodbye and wishing me luck. Around five, I finally finished up marking, and packed up my desk. I stopped by at the office to hand in my marks, tell them about my American friend Ralph (who was coming to Japan soon), and say goodbye. It turned out that the dean, other faculty and office staff had bought me a carry on bag as a farewell present. I thanked them all, said goodbye, and headed home. All evening, I concentrated on getting packed for my trip back to the States the next day.
Saturday morning came, and as I was getting ready, a knock came at the door. I knew who it must be, and I took a deep breath to brace myself before opening it. Sure enough it was Ai, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, wearing a dour expression. She knew this was it, the last farewell. Her eyes were even redder than the day before, and she was so broken up she could hardly speak. I continued to pack up my things, as she sat there on my floor sniffling and gazing downward at the floor. We didn't talk. I didn't know what to say.
Once I was nearly ready to head out, I finally looked at her, and tried to smile. She had this look of intense sadness in her eyes. I'd been struggling to keep a lid on my feelings, but seeing her like this pulled at my heart like few things could. My throat felt all clenched up, and there was a dull hardness in the pit of my stomach. Heck, even I felt like crying.
As I moved my luggage to the door, Ai stood up. I went over, and wrapped my arms around her, rubbing her back. My throat was all dry, and tears were welling up in my eyes, but the feeling of her warmth and closeness was arousing other feelings. She looked up at me with her wide wet eyes, and I leaned down to kiss her. This was it. I held her so tight, channeling all my pent up feelings into this one last embrace. With an effort, I finally let go. She looked at me begging me to stay. I couldn't take it, so I turned away from her. I picked up my bags, and put my hand on the door handle.
At the last moment, I turned to look at her one last time. I could see my own reflection in the clear darkness of her wet pupils. Her soft lips, her long black hair, her pink skin, her tight body, and worst of all this look of profound love radiating from her, it was all drawing me in, in to her world, her sadness, her deep feelings for me. I was gripped by this longing to kiss her, to ease her pain, to return her love.
We stared into each other's eyes, and I found myself moving forward, my lips drawn to hers, in a rippling tide of emotion like I'd never felt before. Our lips touched, and I gave myself in to her warmth, unable to control my passion any longer. Her eyes brightened with joy and hope. She wanted so much for me to stay. Somehow, I couldn't do it. I couldn't just leave.
We stood there awkwardly for a moment as I wondered what to do. I set down my bags, pulled a futon out of the box, and spread it out on the floor. She looked a bit confused.
"But your plane...?" she asked softly, still looking at me. I kissed her again, and slowly pulled her down till she was lying on her back on the futon, her beautiful eyes staring up at me, not sure what was going to happen. I wanted so much to have her, to take her, to solve the mystery of her attraction to me, to know what it felt like to be inside her.
Unable to control myself, I clawed at her jeans to undo the front, and struggled to pull them down. Her fluffy black pubic hair popped into view, so inviting against her pink skin. She seemed surprised, but made no move to resist. I slid my hand between her legs, and probed to find her pleasure zone. She was not so wet yet, but as I caressed her precious slit, her love juice spilled forth, a trickle at first, but slowly more and more. My own emotions were swirling up in a spiral of escalating lust. I fingered her, gently bringing her up and up, showing her how good this could feel. Her cheeks were blushing red as she fought to stop me, but you could tell that she was enjoying this. She looked so sexy like that trying to hide her own horniness. I couldn't take it anymore. I kissed her sweet-smelling pussy long and deep, and then scrambled over to my bags to dig out a condom.
She lay back purring kitten-like, looking more excited now that she knew what was going to happen. She was still fully dressed except that her jeans and panties were down tangled around the middle of her soft creamy thighs. She looked so appetizing in that pose. I wanted to dive on top of her, but try as I might, I couldn't find my damn condoms.
Tired of waiting perhaps, she struggled to get up, her jeans still wrapped tightly around her thighs. She finally managed to stand, then sexily sashayed over to the window, her bushy pussy and the soft curves of her bare ass still on display. She kneeled on my bed, and leaned over to open the window, her rump sticking up in the air, just begging me now to fuck her.
I finally found my condoms. I quickly pulled down my pants, ripped one open, and carefully rolled it on. She looked back at me, her back arched, waiting. She spread her legs wide to give me a better look at her now soaking pussy.
I stood up, my throbbing cock twitching as it drew nearer to her precious cunt. I grabbed her by the hips, and we both shuddered as I inched my pulsing cock in. She was so warm, her back so sexy that I almost blew my load right then. I held her hips tightly, and she flinched, and moaned as I struggled to push my screaming member farther and farther in. God, she is so tight. I don't know how much longer I can take this.
She was gasping out the open window clearly overwhelmed by my size. She leaned further and further out the window, trying to get away from the pressure of my cock against her delicate maidenhead. I didn't want to hurt her, but the desire to push forward was too strong. Every whimper she made, the squirming of her cute ass, the way her pussy was kneading and coaxing my eager prick were all driving me to the brink.
As I pressed harder and harder, I grit my teeth to keep from coming, and finally broke through her maidenhead, in a haze of lust. She screamed in pain, but the walls of her virgin pussy started to squeeze me even harder. I slowly worked up into a rhythm, pushing my cock in, then pulling it back out, trying to get her past the pain she was feeling to the pleasure beyond.
Her breathing was deep and uneven. She looked back at me over her shoulder, but then she motioned for me to pull off her top. Her head was half way out the window now, her knees spread wide apart on the bed, seemingly encouraging me to drill in deep. I worried about the neighbors, but wanting to help her along, I did as she asked, and pulled her top up and off. She was wearing no bra, and her tits danced and jiggled in the open window as I continued to thrust away. I leaned forward to grab her tits, but the excitement proved too much. I lost control, and blew my load. Wave after wave of pent up semen spewed forth filling her up, as I reveled in the feeling of finally doing it with her.
Once the seemingly endless gush had stopped, I slowly pulled out of her. She just kneeled there on all fours gasping for air. I pulled her over till she was lying next to me on the bed. She was panting like crazy, her cheeks still all flushed with desire. I felt sorry that I hadn't been able to escort her to her own orgasm, but her eyes were swimming a bit overwhelmed I guess. She suddenly looked at me with a panicked look.
"What about you plane?"
Ah, jeez, I'd forgotten all about it. I looked at my watch.
"I'm not going to make it," I wheezed, a bit out of breath myself.
"Oh, no, hurry, you must go. No time." She seemed all excited now that I not miss the plane.
"It's OK, Ai. I don't care," I said. For one thing I couldn't leave her like this, steal her virginity, and then just run away. But even more than that, I was beginning to realize how much I felt for her. I didn't know if it was all the games, the teasing, how adorable she was, or how much she seemed to love me. That all didn't matter. All I knew was that I wanted to be with her, to see where this leads. As much as I hated to admit it, I wanted to stay.
I didn't explain all this too her, but somehow I think she could tell. She leaned over, and softly kissed me. I kissed her back, more insistently now, and she rolled over until she was on top of me, rubbing her pussy against my dick, coaxing it back to life.
"Are you OK?" I asked reaching between her legs to run my finger along her crack, still quite wet. She blushed.
"I feel fun. I want try again."
I looked at her curiously, but my southern representative was already voting in favor.
"But not here."
"Huh?"
"Let's go out."
"What? Where?"
"I don't care. Anywhere." She continued to rub her pussy along the length of my dick, and he was already quite ready for a rematch, but I couldn't think where. That hiking course we'd been to was a good half-hour train ride away.
"Can't we just stay here?" I started poking at her pussy lips with the tip of my cock.
"No, I want go outside." She got off me, and walked to the door wiggling her ass as her jeans fell down around her knees. "Are you neighbor home?" she asked coquettishly her hand on the door handle.
"Ai, you can't do go outside like that. That's crazy." I got up from the bed, but felt the ooze inside the condom still wrapped around my manhood. I pulled it off, and began cleaning my pecker with water from the kitchen sink. Ai opened the door, and we both peered out down the hall, her, almost naked, and me, washing my wang. The feeling of the cool breeze on my prick made it roar back to life.
"See, you want try too, don't you?"
We stood there just inside the door of my now almost empty apartment, peering out down the hall looking to see if anyone was out there. I was still all steamed up from finally having done it with Ai, but I didn't quite know where to take it from here. Ai had this mischievous gleam in her eyes. I don't think I'd ever seen her look so happy, relieved that I'd finally agreed to stay. She cautiously took a step out the door, seemingly unconcerned that she was naked save for her jeans and panties hanging precariously around her knees. She looked back at me excited, absolutely beaming at her own daring. I moved to pull her back in, but I could feel my member reacting. It was ready for round two. I knew that Ai hadn't come yet, and definitely looked ready for more. She walked right out the door, and then tilting her hips seductively, turned to look back, beckoning me to follow her.
I knew it probably wasn't the best idea to screw outside in broad daylight, but the way she swiveled her curvaceous hips was getting me all excited again. I followed her out. At first, she pointed toward the outdoor ramp that ran over our back yard, but I managed to pull her back into the short covered corridor that ran next to my room. We could still see one of the windows of the house behind my apartment, but at least we weren't standing completely out in the open. I still felt pretty wired. I had no idea if my neighbors were at home. They could easily pop out of their apartment at any second, and decide to take a short cut down this corridor to the stairs at the back.
I pressed my index finger to Ai's mouth to try to stop her from giggling, but she looked so incredibly turned on, almost as if she was about to burst. She pulled me down to the middle of the corridor, and then looked up to kiss me, gently fondling my grateful cock. I kissed her, cupping her cute tits in my hands, gently flicking the nipples with my thumbs as she murmured softly. I could barely believe all this was happening. I'd lusted after Ai and her gorgeous body for so long. Now finally I could touch her, enjoy her, savor every inch of her.
Still, we didn't have time to dally. Every second we were out here increased the chances that someone would come along, and find us. I slid my hand between her legs, and she squealed as I stroked her, spreading her wetness onto her clit. Her juices spilled out all over my fingers, and started trickling down the inside of her thighs. Half out of my head with lust, I motioned for her to bend forward. I squatted down for a moment to taste her with my tongue, but I just couldn't wait any longer. I stood back up, and tried to slide my cock in from the rear, but she was too short. I yanked at her jeans, pulling them down to her ankles, and she finally stepped out of them. I reached for her, but she dashed away stark naked out onto the sunny walkway over our backyard. From there, the neighbors on all sides would be able to see her, so I quickly ran after her, and pulled her back in. I was scared out of my wits, but she was giggling away like it was the funniest thing.
Frantic, I spread my legs, and pulled her to me, trying to get low enough to slide my cock in to her tight snatch. I finally squatted down, and pulled her over to straddle me. She was panting, her hair sticking to her face. She looked anxious perhaps worried that it might hurt as much as the first time. She tensed, and grimaced as I pulled her weight down onto me trying to find her hole. I must have got it half way in when all of a sudden, we heard a door slam downstairs. We both froze, terrified. The footsteps sounded like they were coming this way. I pushed her off of me, making a squishy noise as my cock slid out. The two of us raced back inside my apartment, and slammed the door. My heart was pounding in my chest, and then came a knock on my door.
"{Mr. Gordon, weren't you supposed to move out today?}" It was my landlady. My heart sank, and Ai just stared at me huffing and puffing away. I finally managed to answer through the shut door.
"{Oh, now that you mention it, you're right. I'm kind of in the middle of something here. I'll come see you in a bit.}"
There was a tense silence, but finally she answered.
"{OK. You do know that a carpenter is coming on Monday. You'll have to be out by tomorrow.}"
This was grim news indeed. In the haze of my joy at finally bedding Ai, I'd forgotten all about the real world.
"Oh, damn! I have to phone the airline too." I'd have to cancel my flight or at least re-book. I picked up the phone, and Ai gazed over at me seemingly disappointed that we hadn't managed to do it outdoors. As I talked on the phone, she slipped into the bathroom, and showered off. When she came back out, she'd put her clothes back on. I had a shower too, while I thought about what to do. I ended up getting dressed too, not without some regret, but anyway, we'd have time enough to make merry later.
My landlady ended up agreeing to let me stay another night, but that was it. She already had a new tenant coming. Ai stayed with me for most of the day, but around suppertime, she headed home to her family. I invited her to sleep over, but she insisted that we not do anything to arouse the suspicion of her family. She promised to come back the next day though, and help me move to wherever I was going to next. I didn't even know where I was going to work, or get my next visa, so I could hardly choose a place. I mulled it over all night, and the next day Ai had an idea.
"I know. You stay with Asuka!"
"Huh?"
As I may have mentioned, Asuka was Ai's best friend, and also the cupid who'd brought us together. She was also a dangerous coquette, who'd talked the shy reserved Ai into flashing me in the first place. All the time I'd planned to go back to the U.S., Asuka had been lobbying for me to stay, apparently out of sympathy for Ai.
"Why Asuka?"
"They have spare room. No one use. It's perfect."
"Why not your place?"
"No, no way. My parents find out."
I'd already stayed at Ai's parents place one night, but she seemed dead set against having me over again. I wasn't so keen on the Asuka idea, but Ai phoned her up, and she agreed to come down to meet us. While Ai was dressed conservatively in her jeans and t-shirt, Asuka showed up in hot pants and a crop top. I guess it was innocent enough, but it was still fairly cool out, and I have to admit I found the show of skin more than a little distracting. Asuka had a hot body, and I knew she enjoyed showing it off. The image of her pussy was still etched in my mind from the time she'd flashed me on the train. The more I thought about it, this whole idea of staying at her place was just asking for major trouble.
Asuka seemed a bit surprised that I was still here, but she relaxed a bit, and smiled once we explained. She looked even more taken aback by Ai's request, but taking a look around at all my packed luggage, and none of us having any better ideas, she phoned her parents. They agreed to put me up for a few days till I could get straightened out. She then called another friend of hers, a guy called Taro, who brought over a mini-van to help us move. I'd never seen him before, and wondered how he knew Asuka. He was friendly enough, and helped us get the job done.
Asuka's house was right in the middle of town, not too far from the college. It was modern and fairly westernized. Her dad apparently worked for some big company in Tokyo. I treated Ai, Asuka and Taro to supper to thank them for helping me out. After that, Taro had to head back, and he offered Ai a ride home. Without thinking, I leaned forward to kiss her goodbye, but she gave me the 'no' signal, and nodded towards Taro. I immediately clued in. Japanese couples rarely kiss much in public anyway, and Miura was a small town. Rumors could spread fast.
Asuka unlocked the door to her house, and went in. It was only nine or so, but the lights were all out, and the house quiet.
"Where are your parents?"
"{They must be upstairs}."
I felt more than a little awkward being here alone with Asuka. She led me into their living room, and flicked on their TV.
"{What do you want to do? Take a bath?}" The way she said it in her cute voice immediately sparked this image of the two of us showering together. I shook my head to clear it, realizing that might not be what she'd intended.
"No, I'm OK right now. Could I have one tomorrow morning?"
"{Sure, of course. Anyway, you should relax. Make yourself at home}." She motioned for me to sit on the couch, and then disappeared off into the other room, presumably to take a bath. A few minutes later, I could hear the sound of the shower, and once again an image of her naked body showering sprung into my depraved mind. Jeezit, I've got to get a grip here. I shouldn't start lusting after Ai's best friend for heaven's sake. I wondered if Ai got home all right. That Taro guy seemed nice enough, but you never can tell with guys sometimes. The two of them alone in the car, and Ai just having lost her virginity...
Finally, Asuka came back out. She was drying her hair with a towel, and had on a loose fitting white tank top and matching underpants. She stood there in the doorway gazing over at the TV, seemingly unconcerned at being seen in her underwear. She had the most amazing body, slender waist, nice size tits, curvy hips. She looked so delightfully edible straight out of the shower. Her luscious boobs bounced back and forth, as she ruffled her long shiny black hair with the towel trying to get it dry.
"{Come here. I'll dry it for you}," I offered. I wonder how many boys she's slept with. How on earth did innocent Ai become friends with this tart?
Asuka came over, and sat down at my feet on the carpet in front of the couch. Her panties were a mere thong, a "t-back" as they say here, showing off her soft round butt cheeks. I took the towel from her, and began rubbing it all around her head. She seemed absorbed in whatever was on TV, but I was getting quite excited at having her so close wearing so little. I leaned forward, and stared down her top at her ample cleavage. Trying to ease my mounting lust, I pressed my thumb into her supple young neck, and started massaging her shoulders.
"{Ooo! That feels so good}," she moaned in the most alluring way imaginable. My penis stiffened pushing against the tightness of my pants.
"Lie down, then. I'll give you a massage."
Asuka slid forward, and turned, getting up on all fours.
"{But you're not going to try anything, are you?}"
I stared at her blankly, not quite knowing if she was serious or not. Her virtually bare bottom was sticking invitingly up in the air, and her tank top had fallen open till I could almost see her cherry pink nipples.
"Yeah, no, of course not."
"{You were thinking dirty thoughts though, weren't you?}" The shoulder strap of her tank top fell off her shoulder letting her right tit pop out. This was the first time I'd seen her tits, and they were pretty tantalizing if I do say so. She realized, and hurriedly pulled the strap back up. "{You're such a bad boy}."
"It's OK. Hurry up, and lie down. I won't try anything." If I'm going to be honest here, I wasn't completely sure I would be able to resist much more of this teasing, but anyway, I tried to sound sincere. Hiding her dangling tits with her arm, she eyed me suspiciously, before finally lying down.
"{You promise, OK?}"
I got up, and gently sat down on her virtually uncovered bottom. My cock was so stiff it was sticking straight up by now. I undid my belt and the top button of my pants just to give it some room to breathe. I started massaging, but deliberately made my hands slip a few times on her tank top.
"{You'd better take off your top. It's kind of slippery}."
Asuka looked back at me suspiciously, but then to my surprise and delight, pulled her top off, and lay back down, her pert breasts pressed against the carpet. I just sat there stunned and excited, staring down at the perfection of her naked back.
"{Oh hurry up, will you?}"
I started in on her shoulders, but the soft supple dampness of her beautiful skin fresh from the shower was just getting me even hornier.
"Do you know Shiatsu? Acupressure?" I don't actually know Shiatsu, but I vaguely recalled something I'd seen on TV.
"{No}."
"This one makes you smarter." I said pressing just inside her shoulder blade. She purred in contentment. "And this one's good for colds," I told her pressing at the base of her spine. "Do you want to know one that feels really good?"
She went silent for a long time. I slid down off her rear, and peered down at her panties, tightly hugging her delicious rear. I wonder what she'd look like naked. Suddenly she asked,
"{Did you screw Ai?}"
"What?" Her bluntness knocked me for a loop. Without thinking it through, I answered truthfully "Yeah, I guess."
"{I haven't yet}."
"What haven't you done?"
She rolled over, covering her naked tits with her arm, and looking me straight in the eye, said,
"Etchi. (Had sex)."
"What? You're kidding." I eyed her carefully, but she seemed dead serious.
"{I've given head, but...}"
I gulped. I could readily imagine Asuka's gorgeous lips bobbing up and down on some lucky guy's prick. The guy would probably come in an instant. But how could she not have gone all the way?
"Why not?" I said, a little embarrassed to admit how much of a slut I thought she was.
"{It's like, you know... you're not supposed to, right?}"
I had so much trouble getting my mind around this. The sly confident Asuka, the ultimate cock-tease, who gets her jollies walking around town pantiless is a virgin? It just didn't make sense.
"Really?"
"{Yeah, really}." She picked up her top, and turning her back to me, put it back on. I didn't know quite what to say. I began to feel a slight pang of regret for having teased her. What was I thinking?
"{Hey,}" she brightened up. "{I have an idea. Lie down, and I'll give you a massage. That'd be good enough, wouldn't it?}"
I just looked at her gravely for a while, then nodded, and lay down. I've really got to get a grip on myself. I slowly started to relax as Asuka's slender fingers rubbed their way into my stiff shoulders.
"{I'm pretty good, aren't I?}"
I turned, and did my best to smile. The feeling of her supple legs wrapped around my rump was still exciting me.
"Here. Back up for a sec," I asked. She rose up onto her knees. I tried to roll over onto my back, and as I did, the tip of my cock accidentally(!) brushed against her pussy through our clothes. She broke out giggling, but then we heard the sound of footsteps upstairs. We both froze in shock, and then Asuka quickly got off of me, and went to the door.
"{I'm going to bed. G'night.}"
I lay there frustrated my feelings still spiraling upward. Jeez, that was close. Anyway, maybe this is all for the best. I'd better just calm down, and take things slow for a while. I'd gotten so worked up about finally getting to make love to Ai, it was like I'd gone out of control. Anyway, I'd better get some sleep. I've got plenty of things to do tomorrow.
To be continued in Year Away in Japan 8
Don Gordon