It was a rare moment of calm in the early morning of our household and I relished it, standing in my parent's bedroom, poised, and feeling very adult. I took a long gaze at myself in the full-length mirror. Wishing that I were taller was a minor discontentment--and I often stood in this position on my toes stretching my neck upwards to give myself the illusion that I was--but in all other regards I was happy with the black-haired girl I saw looking back at me. Hair, check. Eyes and lips, check. Nose, well, maybe a little big, but noses always look weird if you stare at them too long.
My gaze wandered downwards to the rest of me. Slender waist, ample curves at the bustline. It'll do. The red lace cami I had thrown on after the house emptied out was my favorite; I really had no excuse to wear it at that time of day except for pure vanity. It was more of a bustier, technically, with a built-in bra and higher to expose my tummy, and admiring it brought my attention to my chest and my hands naturally went to cover myself over the frilly lace fabric.
Jesus Christ, what was I doing? Was I so shy that I couldn't even look at my own boobs in the privacy of my home without being embarrassed? How was I ever going to go through with it if that's the way I was? Come on, Natasha, I thought. Let's not be a wallflower. You gotta toughen up.
So with a yank, down came the cami and out popped the boobies. I had to will my hands to lay quiet at my sides and not cover myself; I faked confidence as I looked at this topless girl. But come on. Yeah, I looked good. I was hot, even, I told myself. Right?
I let my hands wander up my sides and across the smooth skin of my breasts, embracing their fullness, then I flicked the soft, darker pink flesh of my nipple back and forth with a finger. A little thrill ran down my spine, both from the physical sensation and the suspense of it all. Would I really do it? Was there any way I could get up the nerve?
A sharp wrap at the door startled me, followed by an insistent voice. "Tasha! Let me in there!"
It was my sister Roza, late for school. The house wasn't empty after all. And she wasn't the only one in the family that enjoyed a clandestine sneak into her parents' bedroom. We lived in a modest flat in the working section of Minsk, built in the communist days. There were still those butt ugly concrete apartment buildings on each side of us, huge square bland things with an infinite row of metal railings and too-small windows, but our home was in an unusual two-story building that had charm, especially on the inside. Eight families were huddled together around a little oasis that featured green trees and there was even a patch of natural grass in the courtyard.
Where I was having my moment of vanity that morning--my parents' master bedroom--featured the same squeaky floors and cracks in the wall plaster as in my own cramped room, and was only slightly larger, but somehow it was a different place for us; magical, even. Our mother placed fresh flowers on her dresser whenever she could, and the room smelled nice and was a place of good cheer to me. I always went there when I wanted to dream. About the future. Or flying. Someday I was going to be a pilot, you see. Maybe in the United States, or Canada. Or in Switzerland, soaring above the alps like an eagle. I remember lying on the enormous bed as a child and kicking my feet and rolling across what seemed to be the endless mattress, giggling with Roza.
But my thoughts on that morning weren't so much about Roza and our family and giggling on the parents' bed, but only of Stas. I was a young woman--still a girl in some ways although I wouldn't have admitted it then--and I was absolutely head over heels in love. I was positively giddy about this particular boy and on most days he was all I could think about, especially now that high school was over and the distraction of tests and graduation parties and relatives wishing me farewell had faded.
It was the heat of summer and when I wasn't working the meager hours I begged for at the salon, I spent my time either with Stas walking hand-in-hand down the streets of Minsk, or dreaming about him in the cool of my parents' bedroom. Kind of like the teenage love song, right, always dreaming of my boy in my room? I was a little pathetic then, I have to admit now looking back. But I was innocent and full of romantic ideas.
But our situation--about Stas and me, I mean--wasn't to be endless; there was a reckoning coming. We had just two more short weeks together before he shipped off to the job his uncle with the Gazprom connection had landed for him. It was a choice assignment; the only problem being that it was way the fuck up near Finland or something, working in a far off oil rig in the middle of the ocean. So he was going to be gone months at a time, removed from my life for all intents and purposes, and even though we were young we still had the sense to know this meant a huge challenge for the relationship, and maybe even the end of it. Neither of us wanted to think about it or talk about it.
But before we ended our days as a committed couple, and maybe even in denial of this end, Stas was pushing me hard towards something that I was struggling to embrace. You see, he had turned 18 almost a year ago and with the newfound freedom from his parents' control he went out and got multiple piercings: three in one ear, twice in the other, once in his tongue, and he was considering a septum piercing, which is the one in the nose. It was becoming popular with boys then. He was flirting with adding to his tattoos also. He was insistent that as a show of our love for each other--of me for him, he meant more specifically, I can see now--that I get something done to my body as well.
It was silly, looking back on it, but I allowed myself to become swept up in the wave of his passion for body art, and even though I still had reservations I had agreed just two days ago to face my fears, overcome my caution, and just fucking bone up the courage and do it.
What was "it" you might ask?
I decided I would get my nipples pierced! It was something I had thought about in the abstract for years, and having just turned 18 in June I was also free of my parents' control. I had the money saved up from working my part time job at the salon and there was nothing stopping me from this act of independence; and love and devotion to my boy, I told myself.
I even told Valery, my best friend one year older than me, and once she had wind of the idea there was nothing stopping the wheels from being set into motion. That girl will make the earth turn when she gets loose in it, I swear. And she's fiercely loyal; that's why I love her dearly for all her faults.
But after promising that I would do it, on this morning--the morning of the supposed act itself--I was having second thoughts. I didn't know if I could bear the pain of the procedure. And being a shy girl, the idea of taking off my clothes in some shady tattoo parlor and having a strange woman grabbing and pulling on my breasts and sticking me with a needle was terrifying.
The banging resumed at the door. "Tash, come on! I don't wanna be late."
As was typical in those summer months, my mother and father had both gotten up and out early that morning for work and Roza needed to get off to her extra school. She was making up classes that she had skipped too many times this past year. I should have been grateful for those spare moments of free time that summer after I had graduated and had no school duties myself--and I should have been more gracious to her--but for some reason I turned my emotions into a nasty snipe as I sighed and pulled my cami up to cover. I yanked open the door.
"Why don't you use the kids' bathroom? You're still a kid."
Roza looked at me with a frustrated expression as she rushed past me, noticing but not remarking on my outfit--she was in too much of a hurry to fight back. I'm sure she wondered what right her sister had, only two years older, to talk down to her this way. Her sister who had just graduated, with the fabulous boyfriend with all the piercings that she talked about all the time.
I watched Roza in silence as she leaned over my mother's dresser, fussing over the different brushes and creams that she liked to steal from her. "Borrow" she always said. Like the bedroom itself, our mother's things had a special attraction for us as well and we were naturally drawn to them. My emotions softened as I stood by, watching her carefully apply the eyeliner and mascara to her face, realizing that as I found some place to go in this big world that I might not see her so much.
"Roza," I tried in a softer voice.
But she didn't look over. I paused, staring down at my feet. Okay, now she was pouting. It was on me to clear the air.
"Sis, look, I'm sorry. Hey, kid, I'm proud of what you are doing this summer, catching up on your classes."
"Yeah, yeah. Look, now I'm late. Do you mind?" she said without emotion, wanting me to leave her alone.
I sighed. It was tough to stay close to her. She was in her high school rebel phase, and seemed to resent everyone right now. Her parents, her sister, even her closest friend who I know she had a big fight with, even though she didn't want me to know. She had gone through a temporary boyfriend of sorts, now dumped, that had led her down the wrong path this past year, that's why she had failed her classes and had to spend the summer in school. She was smart, though. And one thing my parents wouldn't let her do--either of us, actually--while we were still in high school, was to get any piercings. That was a strict rule. So she was unblemished, and very natural and pretty.
I turned to go back to the kitchen.
"Are you going to do it?" she asked.
Roza knew that I was thinking about the piercing, and that today was D-Day. In a rare moment of closeness with her, I had confessed to her my plans that night after I caved into Stas's idea.
"Yeah, I guess. But I'm not really sure. Valery says she knows a place. It's out of the way, but this woman is supposed to be very good."
"Ouch. I couldn't do it." Roza shook her head. She flashed me a smile. "Well, good luck, okay? I want to see what it looks like tonight."
"All right." I nodded, pleased for the small moment of connection with her before she tossed down the makeup and ran past me to grab her backpack from the hook on the door on her way out.
It became quiet again, and I had only a few minutes alone in the flat to think about my piloting dreams and what life would be like for Stas up on some floating oil rig as a distraction before a knocking came at the door to the flat. This was the arrival of Valery.
"Are you ready, big girl? Ready to get your big boobs stuck with a needle?" She teased me as she walked right in without waiting for me and plunked herself down at the kitchen table. She reached to rip a chunk of bread from the shallow wooden bowl and started munching on it while she talked. Years of being close friends and sleeping over at each others' flats had made us as comfortable as family members together.
"Oh my God, Val." I was stunned by the nonchalance of her comment and the coarse action that it described. "What the fuck? Why did you have to say it that way? Are we really going to do this?"
"Oh yes, we are. But it's you, not me. And you sure as hell gotta go through with it now. Stas is counting on it; you promised him you would, right?" My face must have shown my hesitation because she added, "But don't you worry, I've got it all figured out."
"I don't know, Val. I mean--"
"Hush, girl. You are going to do it. And you will be a badass." She gave me her reassuring look. Valery was always the one that had things figured out for any project or scheme that we tried. Then she shook her head in wonder. "I can't believe you're getting your nips pierced. Shy little Tasha, always playing by the rules, staying within the lines! Who would have thought? Anyway, it's a perfect setup. The woman that runs the place is the best. You've got the money, right?"
I nodded nervously. I had been saving up for a few weeks, even getting some extra hours in to make this happen, but I just didn't know about this whole thing. I tried to put on a confident face. I must not have been convincing, because she added, "Oh come on, what are you worried about?"
"Well, the pain, for one."
"Eh, it's just a jab. It's over in a second."
"Easy for you to say." I pushed her shoulder and teased. "Chicken."
"That's it? You aren't worried about anything else? Just one second of pain is what's holding you back?"
"Well, it's embarrassing. You know I'm uncomfortable showing my body."
Val didn't buy it. "I don't know why, girl. You've got an awesome figure. And it's only a bit of skin, anyway. This woman has done it a thousand times, I bet. After you get it done you'll be flashing everybody to show off, anyway," she teased.
"No, I won't!"
"Sure you will. Isn't that why you are getting pierced right in your fucking chest? Like you'll be pulling your shirt up all the time and bouncing your tits. 'Look at me, the badass with the big boobs and the nip piercings!' Right?"
I gave her a playful shove. She knows I would do nothing of the kind. But I appreciated how she knocked me out of my natural reserve. So with the generous input of Val's energy I was carried through my period of uncertainty and soon we found ourselves gathering ourselves up and heading out on the adventure after all.
It was a long walk across town but a pleasant one; we even stopped at a sidewalk cafe along the way and spent a carefully allocated portion of our money for fancy coffees; we felt very adult and thrilled in it. A few tables away from us sat two business women, maybe late twenties or thirty-something talking seriously; they were attractive and wore expensive outfits and held themselves professionally as they gestured making points to each other in conversation. I was jealous. But like Val said, I also felt a little badass knowing that in a few hours I would have piercings that women like that would never have; it would be a source of inner strength for me.
The morning cool hadn't been driven away yet before the summer heat set in, and we traveled leisurely the rest of the way through downtown and over to an old section of Minsk called Trinity Hill. A bunch of artist studios were cropping up there those days and it had a trendy reputation. The city had been rebuilt so many times, with a recent wave of new houses, but tucked among them you could still find the occasional four-hundred-year-old building. I loved wandering this part of the city and I always found new things in some forgotten corner each time I did. I didn't know it well enough to know exactly where we were, though, and looked at my phone often.
As we walked the streets, I found myself self-conscious. Getting my "big boobs stuck with a needle," as Val had phrased it, was on my mind really heavy. And I couldn't get over the feeling that everyone on the street was watching me, checking me out. It was like they already knew my plan for today. A businessman in a suit walking towards us ogled my body for what I thought was too long, then a couple of construction guys in yellow vests stared openly. But those guys always go nuts over anything that has two tits, right? I wondered if testosterone and jackhammers somehow went together.
I had thrown a light T-shirt over my cami and my brain knew I was well-covered but I had a hard time resisting covering my chest with my hands, even though I knew this drew more attention to me, not less. I tried to imagine the piercings, as I had done a hundred times in the past few days. What would it feel like to have it all done and walk around in public? Would people I meet be able to see the piercings through my clothes? Would they know but just pretend to ignore it? Or would they give me a little wink to let me know they were in on my secret?
The place Valery found was called The Matrix and it was a little studio that did tattoos and piercings and other body art. I had never heard of it and had no idea what it was going to be like but I have to admit it sounded cool. Their sign off the main street was all artistic and edgy with black lightning bolts, pointing down a crooked alley; then we had to ascend to the top of a rickety metal stairway. If I had wanted to pick an out-of-the-way shop to do my piercing discreetly, I couldn't have chosen any better, I thought, satisfied. I smiled at Valery and was glad she planned things; I took a deep breath before pulling open the door and entering the shop behind her.
But to my surprise it wasn't empty at all. Far from it, in fact. Eight or ten customers plus staff bustled in the shop's three little rooms: a main entry way with a cashier desk and several glass displays of all sorts of jewelry and adjoining that in the back half were two smaller rooms. I couldn't see into them well because on the surface of every wall and even the ceiling was artwork and an amazing collection of random stuff--graffiti and pictures and photos and long jewelry draped and fabric and rope and old swords and all kinds of crazy things. Loud music pumped throughout with a steady beat and it wasn't even noon yet. I felt like I was at a club, and the clientele would fit into that scene as well: spiked hair, leather jackets, piercings, rugged faces with scars, and body art on display on everybody of course. Every body, literally.
How they had assembled all of this in such a small space I could only guess; it was like a museum and it must have been the product of years of labor. Against the wall in the main room next to the checkout counter I saw a chair, facing outwards, and my heart sank as I realized this was where the piercings happened, right there in the open. My stomach churned as I thought of stripping down and having my body on display in the main room of this store while teen girls and moms browsed for rings in the display cabinets. There was no way I could do that, promise to Stas or no promise. I'd have to find a different place.
Valery saw where I was looking and must have guessed my thoughts after seeing the look of apprehension--or even terror--showing on my face, because she calmly took me in hand and guided me towards the back. She pointed to a room and nodded, as if to say, don't worry, it's going to go down back here, girl.
But I don't think the scene we came upon in that back room was as calming as Valery intended because there was a man standing there, facing away from us, his shirt off and very muscular, hands wrapped around the back of his head with fingers interlaced. Swirls of colored tattoos embossed the entire surface of his back; it was quite an amazing design. I stood there dazed trying to make out what all the images were but there were just too many to understand at a glance. He must have been a regular customer of The Matrix.
The reason I thought it was less calming than Valery expected was that the middle-aged woman who had been standing before him--on the other side from us, at the back of the little room--crouched down with a flourish and yanked his pants to his ankles. By sheer accident our timing was perfect to walk right in on his newly bared ass. Then the sound of the tattoo drill started. I learned later they call it a "pen" which I think is a poor euphemism; the thing is a really just a fucking drill for your body. And this girl was about to drill a tattoo into this guy's dick it seemed.
My eyes flew to Valery's and we both dropped our mouths open wide in surprise as we looked at each other. I silently mouthed an "Oh my God."
"Can I help you?" It was the flat and bored voice of the spiky orange-haired teenager I had seen earlier behind the counter, back in the main room. Maybe she wasn't pleased that we had walked in and were gawking at Mr. Tattoo-every-part-of-his-body-including-his-cock. Or she gave zero fucks and was just going through the routine of her job. It was a good excuse anyway to turn away from this dick scene we'd walked in on. My field of view changed from bare man ass back to Orange-Hair's multiple large metal hoops in her lower lip. Nothing in this place was normal. It was quite the experience for a shy, reserved girl to have on a summer morning.
"Yes," Valery said, jumping in to answer Orange-Hair, and pulling out a crinkled piece of paper from her pocket. "We are here for, let me see, Manya, I think."
The girl looked at us blankly and pointed to the room where the naked man was being operated on. "She's busy, as you can see, but just hang on a few minutes and she'll be with you." She looked at both of us from head to toe. Compared to the rest of the people here, we were the ones that stood out because our bodies and clothes were rather conventional. I only had a single piercing in my ears, for goodness sake.
Valery turned back to stare openly at the naked man's ass with fascination. I wasn't sure why, but two young women were now crouched next to Manya who was gesturing and pointing at this man's private parts. We couldn't hear what she was saying but it looked like she was manipulating his dick up and down as she talked to the girls. They seemed to be engaged in the lesson.
I thought at first the two girls were customers, but on reflection it made more sense that they were store staff. Or friends of his. Either way I didn't like the idea that his procedure had become a spectacle of sorts and that this Matrix outfit didn't seem to care about providing privacy for their services. Not that this guy showed any sign of caring; but it made me nervous for what was coming up for me.
"So what is Manya doing with... uh--" Valery said to the counter girl, unable to take her eyes off the naked man.
"You don't want to know," said the orange-hair, with a shake of her head. Zero fucks, basically.
I instinctively put my own hands to my breasts and held them in a protective movement. I didn't know what I was doing here and suddenly felt like I didn't belong. Sure, I wanted this piercing, I thought, but I was being plunged into another moment of uncertainty and I could feel it in my stomach. I didn't know if I could get through this ordeal. Being stuck with a needle in a very sensitive part of my body, by a stranger, with all these weird people around, in this weird place. It was going to be too much for a simple girl, I feared. But to my credit, I held my ground and didn't bail. Yet.
Instead, I wandered the store trying to distract myself, looking absent-mindedly at all the products, picking up a few and putting them back. I didn't even realize I was in the sex toy aisle and had grabbed a black plastic butt plug without noticing. When I realized what I was doing, I put it back quickly and looked around to see who saw my error. But if anybody did, nobody seemed to care. More zero fucks. It was kind of the theme of this place; and it had a certain attractiveness, actually. A small part of the back of my mind was curious. Maybe my life needed more zero-fuck-giving. Was it something I could learn to do?
Eventually I made it to the other back room; the one without the naked guy getting his cock inked. There was a surprise waiting there for me.
"Evgeni! Vova! What are you guys doing here?" I blurted out. Two of my friends from high school were standing behind the counter, which seemed odd. I wondered if there were more expensive products back there, or something unusual or taboo, a thought that was reinforced by how they looked instantly embarrassed, as if I had just caught them at something. I had graduated with these guys and could read them well.
The taller one was Evgeni and he raised his eyebrows and shrugged at me in response. In my zeal over Stas, I'd forgotten about Evgeni's energetic pursuit of my affections earlier in the year. He was a good guy, as well as a good-looking guy, and I felt a pang of regret flood over me that I didn't give him a chance once Stas swooped in to take me as his girl. Seeing him reminded me that I hadn't been the best of friends, pretty much ignoring him from the inception of Stas moment onwards even though he had been kind to me multiple times, bringing me soup when I was ill and helping me with schoolwork.
I took a longer look. Wait a minute, I thought. Evgeni had matured the past half year into a very attractive man, I could see now, except I wasn't sure I was sold on his prominent new feature: a body modification that actually looked like a bone protruding horizontally from his nose.
I had to stifle a laugh because it was such a contrast to his goodie-two-shoes personality. I hadn't kept up with him lately but I never knew that he would end up hanging out at tattoo parlors and getting a nose bone. What the hell? It wasn't unattractive; it was even a turn on in an edgy way--maybe like I was hoping my nip piercings would be for me--but it was a surprise. I wondered if the other girls from school knew about this and what they would think of sweet Evgeni looking all grown up!
He saved the situation by flashing me a warm smile. I was glad to see signs of the same Evgeni, even with the nose bone. "It's nice to see you, Tasha. How is your summer going? Are you keeping busy?"
"Yes, working some at the salon, the one down by the school. But also just being lazy," I said honestly, and returned his smile.
"Well, you deserve it, that was a tough last semester." He gazed at me again, more closely, up and down. My T-shirt was tight and looked good on me, and my breasts were prominent. He added, "Tash, wow. You look beautiful. Seriously."
I blushed at the complement. It was nice of him to say that. And his voice sounded a little strange. Was he nervous talking like this? Shit, I thought. How much did he still nurse his attraction to me? I knew at one point he was pretty head-over-heels, and that when he confessed it and I didn't reciprocate it hurt his feelings. I hadn't thought about him in many months and felt guilty.
But I had another emotion besides guilt. Being settled down in this heavy relationship with Stas, I had forgotten the thrill of having a cute guy flirt with me. I hadn't realized it, but Evgeni's little gift of flattery made me see that Stas didn't pay me that kind of attention. He even had been taking me for granted, you might even say. I basked in the feeling that I mattered to these two boys and that I could make them blush with a simple smile and a "hello" and it reminded me of the fun and newness of dating. I filed that emotion away for later.
"Tasha, she's ready," I heard Valery call out from the other room. I said a quick goodbye to the boys and slinked off to join Valery, not wanting to alert them to my purpose for being at the store. I hoped they didn't poke around later and notice. Having them know that I was here to get my nips pierced was a complication I hadn't counted on and definitely didn't want for several reasons.
We met with Manya and she launched in on what must have been her standard customer pitch about piercings. She was a short and stout middle-aged woman, experienced in the trade it was clear. Friendly enough but not overly gushy. She seemed all about the business of getting her work done.
She asked me some details, about what type of metal I wanted for the jewelry and then she went over how the procedure would go and that it was a moment of pain but over quickly and overall pretty easy, and I was supposed to clean myself very carefully every day for a month after. I was told that I couldn't change the jewelry myself because the holes can close in a matter of minutes if you pull the bar out. But I could come in and have it done any time I wanted after the first week. I nodded to all of this, dumbly. I was in a bit of a haze, still thinking somehow I was going to bail out of this but yet standing there and letting it all happen on Manya's command.
She last told me that she had trainees in the store and would it be okay if they were to watch and even help with the procedure, because she wanted them to learn to do it. I remembered the two girls attending to the naked man's cock and I said no, that I'd really rather not have extra people, especially younger girls like that closer to my own age. It was going to be hard enough to be naked in front of one middle-aged woman, separated from the main room only by that slim curtain in the archway. I didn't want an audience. Plus the less commotion the better, for fear of drawing the attention of my two friends. She seemed surprised and a bit disappointed by my refusal but accepted it.
When she told me the price, though, it was my turn to be surprised.
"Two hundred?" I had only one hundred and fifteen New Belarusian rubles in my pocket. One good thing about the currency repricing was we didn't have to count in hundreds of thousands of rubles anymore. So I understood what she was saying easily enough and there was no confusion about the amount itself. But I still didn't like the number. I turned to my friend. "Valery, you said it was a hundred."
"One hundred per piercing," Manya clarified, pointing from one of my breasts to the other.
"Per side? Valery!" I complained to my friend, frustrated, and it showed in my voice. Valery shrugged and gave a weak smile in apology. Plans and momentum and getting people going on an idea were her strong suit; getting all the details right sometimes wasn't.
"For a hundred you could do one side," Manya said, offering a solution. "You can always do the other later."
"No, I don't want that," I said. Then I realized my frustration was fading into relief. Part of me was glad to have an excuse to get out of this. I let out a breath of air that I didn't realize I'd been holding. Okay, I'll save up and try again. If I can get both the courage to try again and the additional funds before Stas had to leave for his oil field.
"Well, look," Manya said. She sounded like she wanted to make something work for us. "I do need a training piercing for my new kids. If we go to the smaller studs and you agree to have the trainees do it, I can do the whole thing for a hundred. How about that?"
I raised my eyebrows. I thought about my promise to Stas, and my own desire to have the piercings. It would be a long-time dream come true. Maybe I can push through to get this done now, I thought, and it will give me the confidence to start my next idea. I'll be flying planes before I know it, right? If I can do one, I can do the other, I thought to myself.
"Okay," I said.
I thought Valery would be please but she looked concerned and spoke up; always the negotiator. "Wait, trainees? They will do a good job, right? We can't have this botched."
"Oh yes," Manya said. "We will supervise very closely and we guarantee all our work. Go pay at the front and we'll set it up now. Soya!" The last was a call out to one of her employees, I assumed. I wasn't sure about what she said; how they were going to guarantee the results, I mean once you poke a hole in your tit it's just there, right? But at the time I was--irrationally--more worried about the pain of the procedure than a bad result.
Val winked at me and hustled me to the front counter where we paid Orange-Hair in cash. "See? It's all working out. No problem," she boasted as we counted out the bills. I rolled my eyes. Val always got through situations by hook or by crook.
But there! It was a done deal and I felt like I was at one of those roller coaster parks where I was all strapped into the car and it was clicking its way up the first hill. No getting out now. Val slapped me on the back after I put the receipt into a pocket and followed me to the room. The room of hell, where I was going to get stabbed with a hot needle. Well, not hot. But really fucking sharp.
Manya was gone when we returned, though, and in her place stood a tall, slender woman maybe 25 years old standing next to the treatment chair. She was a stunning brunette with long, straight hair and wearing only a thick black bra and thin, stretchy black tights which featured a spider web pattern and clung to her so tightly that I could make out the features of her groin: the little bump above her vagina and the shape of her pussy lips. Everything about her was overtly sexual to me. But somehow her outfit seemed totally appropriate and unremarkable in the context of this shop, even though it would cause heads to spin if she wore it outside on the street. Fuck, she probably did. Zero fucks, right?
As we approached, she turned away from us to position a tray next to the chair and as she bent over her ass bulged in the tights. It was amazing. I had never thought of myself as interested in girls in any kind of sexual way but she took my breath away. I was in a little bit of a state of hero worship, I think, looking back at the situation, but I'm not sure since my emotions at the time were all astir with the upcoming piercing and the whole strange and overwhelming environment of that place. There was something special about the way this woman held herself; her confidence, her beauty. Maybe she was the right person to guide me through this, instead of Manya.
She turned to face us. "Soya," she said, introducing herself and holding out her hand. We shook and gave her our names in return.
Val asked what kind of name Soya was to which she answered, "Slovenian." I could see Val was also taken in by this strong woman and her extrovert self was ready to jump in to engage but I didn't have the time or energy for them to start a whole conversation. I also didn't want the two boys to discover me back here in the same way we walked in on the cock tattoo man. I had to intervene.
"I'm ready," I interrupted, more boldly than I expected. Was I really ready? "Val, can you get the curtain?" I tacked on hastily.
Soya smiled gently at me, oozing confidence and charm. This must have been her little fiefdom under the realm of Manya because she acted like she was the shit here. She controlled this room, no questions asked. Not in a bad way, though. I was quite taken with her.
"Oh, eager to get going, are we?" she teased. "Are you a little nervous, hun?"
I paused, surprised it was that obvious. I nodded. I might have blushed when she called me "hun."
"Do you have the receipt?" she asked and I nodded again and fished it out. She grabbed a pen from the tray, added a scribble to it, then handed it back, her gaze lingering noticeably long on my chest and waist. "Well, hun. You are a cutie. You must have thought a long time about this."
I nodded again. I felt like an idiot, not saying anything all this time. I really was nervous.
"Show us what you got," Soya said simply.
I was confused. I looked over at Val to see if she had understood. "Excuse me?"
"Your top," Soya clarified. "Take it off and let me see your boobs."
"Oh."
Soya smiled; it calmed me. "We've got to get you naked, hun, if we're going to pierce your nipples."
I looked back to see if anyone was watching and started moving to take off my T-shirt.
"Are you gay?" Val asked Soya in a no-nonsense, direct manner. It was often how she behaved, and was a useful characteristic for a friend to have. Sometimes. "Or bi?"
"Val!" I interrupted with my shirt half over my head, shocked. "What--?"
Soya just laughed. Fuck, it was sexy, the gravel of her alto-register voice. Maybe she smoked. The confidence of this woman was like a magnet drawing us both in. "No, hun, I have a boyfriend. I'm just a person who appreciates beauty." She waved her hand in the general direction of my chest. "Call it a perk of the job."
I finished removing my T-shirt and started pulling my red cami over my head. My boobs at first were caught in the fabric of the cami, rising up towards my face, then all of the sudden popped out; I tried not to think about it. You know those "boob drops" that boys watch on porn sites? I must have just done an impressive version of one of those without intending to; Soya seemed taken by it, anyway. I double-checked over my shoulder that at least the flimsy curtain was pulled shut.
Soya went on to Val. While she talked she stared at my now bare chest.
"And I've got to tell you, Valery, your friend here--" and she just whistled and leaned closer. In a soft voice she added, "If what we do is a form of art, let's just say that most of our customers don't have the canvas that Tasha does."
Val laughed, poking me in the ribs. "Fuckin-A, Soya, that's Tasha, right? Check out those boobs. And Soya, she doesn't even know what she's got! That's the crazy thing. This piercing will set her straight. Give her that confidence."
"That it will," Soya mused, swiveling back to her tray to get down to business. She poked around on there counting things and then said back to us, "I think I've got it set. Let me get the boys. You can sit in the chair."
"The boys--?" I started, my voice going to a high pitch; then my stomach fell again in utter panic as I realized in an instant what was about to happen. It all became clear to me and was confirmed as Soya brushed past and I heard her on the other side of the curtain call out, "Geno, Vovy, come on in. You're on!"
Of course my high school friends worked here, and that's why they were behind the counter in that other room and not in front. I was an idiot and couldn't believe I didn't see it earlier. My brain must have not wanted to see it. I clutched my hands over my chest and shook my head in distress as Val looked at me, puzzled.
"What's going on?" she whispered. I closed my eyes and couldn't speak, hoping that I had successfully hidden my boobs. In a minute I heard bodies assembling around me; I didn't have the courage to look at them.
Soya began. "Tasha, these are our newest assistants at The Matrix. Manya said you agreed to be their Guinea pig, I guess." She laughed, and it all sounded friendly but I couldn't open my eyes to face the situation. "This is Evgeni. I just call him Geno. Tasha? Are you okay? I was just joking about the Guinea pig part. I will supervise everything."
She added that last part as I sat there quietly, unable to look at my friends who I knew were staring at me holding my arms over my naked chest. It was my worst nightmare of embarrassment I could imagine. I didn't know if I could run at this point so I just froze up thinking over my options. I was paid up, Soya had signed the receipt. Everything was already in full motion. But I was going to have to get topless in front of a guy who tried really hard to date me, plus his friend. How would I ever do that?
"We know each other," I heard Evgeni say in his gentle voice.
"Yeah, Soya, we went to school together," Vova added more boldly.
"Oh, great. That will make it easier," she said, evidently unaware of the tensions that are part of the fabric of life for a nervous, self-conscious teenager, especially when she is about to be asked to pop her big boobs out for her school friends. Soya probably never had a moment of doubt in her life, I thought. I still hadn't opened my eyes but Soya continued on blissfully ignorant.
She had entered her teaching mode. "Boys, this is your first nipple piercing, right?" They murmured assent.
"Wait a minute... are you guys even old enough to know about girls' tits? Ha ha," she teased and then got serious again. "I've got to teach you some anatomy so you don't fuck it up. Here, let's take a look. Tasha, can you--Tasha?"
I hadn't moved yet. My boobs and nipples in their virgin, pre-pierced state were completely covered--that is, I hoped they were completely covered--by my arms folded tight over my naked chest and my palms covering everything they could. I still hadn't opened my eyes to verify the situation. Unfortunately, I was the main character of this situation.
"Uh--okay--" Soya continued, and by the tone of her voice it seemed like she was catching on to the state of my mind. "Boys, how about we do this instead. We can start with me. Every woman is different, as you already know or you will find out."
I heard sounds that I could only imagine were Soya removing her bra and going tits out for my friends. Did they land the summer job of teenage boy dreams or what? She continued the lecture, explaining her body to them.
"I have small areola but large nipples, see here? They're almost like balls just stuck off my boobs." I imagined her flicking her nips around and the boys drooling. "That would make piercing me easy, right? Because there is a clear separation. You can see where you would put the needle, you see? Right here. No problem. Go ahead, take a close look." There were sounds of some motion in front of me as the boys no doubt pawed their way towards her chest. I still couldn't bear to look.
Then she added, which I wish she hadn't, "There are lots of other types. Tasha has, well--you'll see for yourself in a moment; let's wait on that."
Vova piped up with a question. "But you've never been pierced? Even though you work here--like, at the coolest tattoo parlor in the city?"
"Not yet. It's a good question. Now do you think I might have had them and then taken them out, what do you think?" There was a pause. "If that was the case you'd see very small marks on the side of my nipples where the punctures would have healed. Take a close look. No marks, right?"
There was no way I was going to open my eyes to see what was happening, my two friends from school leaning in to peer closely at this beautiful woman's tits. And she, calm as a cucumber it seemed from the sound of her voice. No nervousness at all; no problem having guys inspect her nipples, with their clearly separated ball shape or whatever the hell she had said. I envied her. But hell, this was a piercing salon, right? They must do tits day in and out, I realized. And cocks, too, as we saw with the naked guy. And pussies too, why not? Is there any part of a body that they don't handle like it's no big deal?
"No, ma'am," Vova's voice chimed in politely. "I don't see any marks."
"You can also feel that it's smooth. No scar tissue. Right? Geno, put your finger right there."
Oh come on! Soya was just too much, I thought. Even in this situation as grim as it was for me, I shook my head in wonder and even some amusement at Soya's chutzpah, getting these two teenage boys to feel her nipples in the guise of an educational session. What was she going to have them do next, give her a French kiss and rub on her clit?
"No, ma'am," came again the muted response from the boys. I knew them so well that I could tell they were trying to keep the emotion out of their voices, to stay professional in their new roles at The Matrix, but I detected a layer of excitement under all that. My guess was that they would rub one out tonight thinking about how Soya asked them to feel the texture of her nips. But then I sobered up when I realized that after today they might rub one out thinking about me, too. Soya's weren't the only nips these guys were going to handle today.
She continued her training spiel. "Before we do anything we have to sterilize. That's with these pads here. Go ahead and--wait, wash your hands first. Use lots of soap. Then take a couple packets and open them up; you can practice on me. Make large circles on the breast, then circle in towards the areola. That's it. And pinch up at the nipple. Good. Vova, do my other side while Evgeni does that again."
Jeez. I could hardly stand hearing all this. I waited in the silence for a moment while the guys were evidently working up a whole boob job on her. What was Val doing all this time? Watching all this from the sidelines? I still hadn't opened my eyes to check but she had been quiet.
"Before you pierce you need to get the nipple erect and you'll see how we pull it out with the tongs. If you don't stand it up you can damage the tissue and the bar can pin the nipple down. Look on youtube if you want to see some horror stories. Manya doesn't want you to do that."
"Wait," Evgeni said. I was curious enough by this point to open my eyes. He was looking hard at Soya, and asked, "Do we do that or does the girl do it?"
"Do what?"
"You know--what you said. Make sure the nipple is erect."
Soya nodded. "Most male pierce masters will let the girl get herself hard since it's obviously a delicate step. But you might have to do it sometimes so you're going to practice today."
I was surprised to find Evgeni blushing at her answer. Then he noticed that I had opened my eyes and was watching this interaction and he blushed harder, looking away. That was sweet. Val was behind me, over my shoulder, but still didn't seem to be involved in things.
"I get hard fast, see?" Soya bragged, as she touched her own breast, and when she noticed that I had my eyes open she added with a wink, "but we don't know about Tasha yet, do we?"
I died again and wished I hadn't opened my eyes, because now here we were talking in a group with my high school friends and the topic was how easy or difficult it was going to be to get my nipples sexually excited.
Vova wanted to join this conversation; he asked, "What if we can't get, you know... get the nipple hard enough?"
"We have ice," Soya said simply. "Or you can use a cold towel or glove. That will do it."
"No shit. Ice? Really?" That was said with too much emotion. Too much eagerness. Someone had watched too much porn I guessed, and I couldn't help cracking a tiny smile.
"Yes, Vova. But remember this is a delicate procedure for a woman, especially a young woman like Tasha for example," she pointed at me; again I wished she hadn't. "She will be nervous about getting a piercing in her breast. She's putting herself in a vulnerable position. You cannot make it sexual. At all."
"I know, I know," he said, defensively, trying to backtrack. "I didn't mean that--"
Soya was probably fucking with him just a little, and maybe me too. She smiled and looked at me, interrupting Vova's stammering. "Tasha, are you ready?"
I swallowed. No. I wasn't ready yet. Maybe after a fifth of scotch and a kilo of weed and some valium and another hour to relax. Maybe only then. Jesus, I couldn't just go tits out in front of my friends and have them put alcohol all over my boobs and start pinching my nips.
Soya could read me well enough and blew air out of her cheeks, nodding in consideration. She turned to my friend. "Well, Valery, what about it? Do you want to take a crack at it, give these boys some practice while we give Tasha a hot minute?"
"What?" she answered, surprised to be addressed directly. I could tell she didn't expect to be involved in this.
Soya explained. "Offer yourself for the boys' training. Step up here and get your boobs sterilized for free. It's a one time offer," she added, smiling again. She was having way too much fun with all of us teenagers. Her bra had a front-clasp and was still hanging open in a sexy way; she hadn't hooked it back together yet. I couldn't resist glancing at her breasts; they had a very pleasing shape and I even saw what she meant about her nipples being large and well-defined.
"I--" Val started. I knew she was more adventurous than me, but would she really do this? I would feel guilty if she ended up getting talked into something that she would regret. Then again, this Matrix place was the one she had found. She bore some responsibility here.
Soya added in a matter-of-fact tone; it came off as all business, "It would help if they saw some different breasts, for practice. And I don't think Tasha is ready yet. Valery, it's a tattoo parlor. No-one will judge. It's a safe place for nudity."
Val moved up next to me. I was surprised, but no shit, it looked like she was going to do this!
"Val, are you sure--?" I asked.
"The fuck am I doing... I don't even know," she said to herself as she capitulated and threw me one of her no-nonsense glares. "Tasha, I'm only doing this for you. There's definitely no backing out now, girl. I'm making damn sure you're gonna be next."
"Good!" Soya encouraged as Val pulled up her blouse to expose her small boobs to the boys, pursing her lips and turning her head away. She wasn't as shy as I was but still it took some nerve to show other people what you got, just to hang your tits out there; I was impressed by her boldness. Her breasts rose and fell as she breathed heavily as Soya leaned in for a closer look. "Boys, see how she has larger, flat areola and much smaller nipples."
Val held her pose, still looking off to the side, while my friends came closer to look as well. I remember her complaining about what she jokingly called her "pancake nips" although I thought she looked great. Maybe a little positive exhibition would be beneficial for her, I wondered, and as the boys inspected her I felt a stirring in my groin. Maybe it would be good for me, too. But as Soya touched the skin around Val's tit, pressing in on the nipple, I sat there safely with my arms crossed over my own chest, happy to not be a part of this yet.
"Valery, arch your back for me to push your boobs out. Yes, like that." She did it. What would that feel like? But as Val said, now that she was stripped down I'd never get away with trying to slink away, so I was going to find out next. Back to the boys, Soya commented, "She would be a more difficult piercing. See here? You'd have to make sure you get the nipples hard and high enough. But after piercing those little nipples would stay popped out."
"Really?" Val asked. This comment caught her attention and she swung her head back to engage with the group in genuine interest. I think this moment is what started her thinking about piercings for herself.
"Oh, yeah," Soya answered. "You'd be surprised how the bar will tease out even a small nipple. It's the whole reason some girls get pierced. You might like it. But hold still now, Valery, while they practice on you. Let's get you cleaned and harden up those nips."
I swallowed nervously. It was a challenge to watch the two boys I knew so well working on my best friend's tits, cleaning them from germs or whatever the fuck it was supposed to be. It was sort of sexual at the same time that it was not, since it was a semi-clinical setting. It's hard to explain. Val held still while they did it and overall she didn't seem to mind the whole thing once it got going.
I noticed her watching Vova closely while he manipulated her. She caught his eye, and when I saw him return the glance I had a random thought that there might be something there. Being a year older I didn't think she'd gotten to know these boys too well in school and I certainly didn't remember anything between them, but anything was possible. I filed that one away too. I was filing a lot of thoughts away for further thought today; my mental filing cabinet was getting full!
And I was still not sure what I felt about all this myself. Evgeni was looking attractive to me and it was growing over time. Maybe I was even a little jealous of Val with the boys' attention on her body, I don't know. I was still swirling in the emotions of the experience. There were a lot of boobs in my field of view, and I hadn't even uncovered my own yet.
"That's enough," Soya said, separating them from Val like a ref at a boxing match. She laughed, "You are starting to think this is a pretty good summer job, I bet." Then she got more serious and slid over next to Val; her bra came open and she held her breast next to the teen's. Damn, talk about some pornhub action. The boys looked a bit like deer in headlights watching a side-by-side tittie compare.
"We need to go over some anatomy," Soya started in a businesslike voice, pointing to her breasts and Val's while she talked. "Pay attention. You know the areola, here. It covers the breast tissue which contains milk glands. Listen up: you do not want to pierce it. We will pierce only through the base of the nipple, which contains only ducts and nerves."
Soya looked over at me while holding her breasts out. "Tasha, sorry, but yes there are nerves in there. It will hurt, but it's very quick. Boys, any questions?"
"Um," started Vova, and I wondered what he was going to ask. He seemed the more bold of the two boys. Evgeni was holding back, more reserved. "Is it okay, I mean, if I ask something?"
"Fire away, Vovy. This is your chance to get it all out. Look here, our tits are ready for anything you've got. There are no dumb questions." She paused and then laughed, adding, "Well, actually, there are. I've heard a few doozies. But I trust you won't ask one of those."
Val stood there with her tits out next to Soya's, looking awkward. She thought she was done with her part in this. He swallowed and pointed to Soya's areola. "What are the bumps on there? You have more than Valery does."
"Good question!" Soya seemed pleased to instruct them. "Those are glands. McDonald's, or something. No, that's the fucking restaurant," and she laughed. "McHenry's maybe. I don't know; I forgot the name. Of course they have to name a woman's body part after some dude; it figures, right girls?" That last part was an aside directed wryly at Val and me. "They're kind of like pimples, actually, here, see, you can feel them. They secrete oil to help keep the skin healthy during nursing."
The boys nodded, reflecting. This had been a strong dose of boob science to go through. I wondered in what state their emotions were after all this.
Abruptly Soya swiveled to look at me. Everyone else followed her gaze. Uh oh, I thought. Fuck. Here it comes.
"Tasha, time's up. It's showtime, literally. Let's see the nipples." She motioned her hand at my chest and I felt the heat go to my head with how directly she spoke. That was that. My turn was up. My number had been called. The boys positioned themselves to observe me in the chair while Val slipped her top back on. Now her part in this was done.
Sometimes you have to dive in the deep end of the pool, so I nodded and met Evgeni's gaze. He had a kind face, sympathetic to my situation it seemed, not glaring or ogling or being all pervy about what he was about to see. So I just did it; I gathered my courage and lowered my arms to my sides and exposed myself for them. My beautiful eighteen-year-old tits were now on display.
The boys watched me and their expressions told me a lot. Evgeni had probably dreamed of seeing me naked and here I was, tits out and all ready for his judgment. And I'm sure Vova was happy to tag along for the ride.
"Good," Soya said. "Go to it, boys. And remember this is for real now, not practice. Do it well. Tasha, lean back for the boys."
I was nervous as hell in that chair topless but I tried to breathe evenly while these two boys put the towelettes on my breasts. I flinched when Evgeni first touched down on the outside curve of my boob. I always liked my skin out there, all soft and smooth and nice. It got easier for me when they started with the big circles; until they started getting closer to my sensitive nips. I'm sure they meant well, but they were a little clumsy and I flinched again.
"Okay, hold up there, guys," Soya interrupted, stopping them. "That was good so far but did you notice how you started going too hard for her? You don't want to make this more painful or awkward than it has to be." She took over the final cleaning. It felt nice and right when she did it, gently, with just the right amount of pressure. If these two boys hadn't been watching I would have even enjoyed it.
"Okay, next lesson, boys. Let's take a real close look at Tasha's pretty nipples." Jesus Christ, I just about died hearing that phrase said aloud. I closed my eyes for a moment, but then realized that would make the embarrassment even worse so I opened them back up and tried not to avoid their faces.
"Hold still, Tasha. You can put your arms to the sides. Or hold them up by your head. Yes, that's even better. They are very well-shaped," she added. "Right?" There was silence.
Evgeni was blushing bright red and looking away to avoid unnecessarily distressing me. It was endearing; I couldn't imagine Stas acting this kindly in this situation. Or bringing me soup when I was sick for that matter, to be honest. That caused an instant reflection on my own character. Why was it only when I was topless and embarrassed in front of this guy did I see things about myself more clearly?
Meanwhile, Vova couldn't take his eyes off my tits and started to answer with, "Uh--"
Soya interrupted. "For piercing, I mean, of course," she clarified her "well-shaped" comment. I'm pretty sure she was fucking with us on purpose, playing her own little game, but she kept her voice perfectly straight. She touched the skin around my nipple and pressed in on it. That felt good.
"But do you notice something? Something different about the way Tasha is compared to what you saw already?"
The boys were blank.
"Here, you have to look closely." She pushed them towards me. My God, it was a lot to endure, two teenage boys with their faces inches from my breasts. Soya pointed. "See how the areola runs up along the breast tissue in a ramp, making a triangle shape from the side." She ran her finger along it from breast to nipple. I was getting hard already with the attention; there wasn't going to be much more required for that.
"See? Under the areola skin are the milk glands and that's why you must pierce only the nipple. It's further out than it is for Valery or me, with the way the skin puffs out."
Oh my God. I was getting a clinical explanation of my puffy nipples. It was like porn but with medical science.
"And do you see something else? The nipple is down a little bit? It doesn't stand out separately as much? Natasha has slightly inverted nipples."
"Is that okay?" Vavo asked innocently.
What the hell, Vavo? I was dying from embarrassment being under the microscope like this with my tits out. I was like, fucking-A, Vavo, what if I inspected your cock after all this and pointed out all the defects, how your little dickie bends to the right or why there's a mole right there and then I would ask in a concerned voice if you're going to survive your terrible condition.
Soya laughed. "Of course, Vavy," she said, using her own nickname for him. I'd never heard it before but somehow it worked coming from her. "It's perfectly normal. But for the piercing we'll have to get her nipples erect. First, though, we have to make sure we have the right design. You really want to get this right since she will live with the piercings for a long time." She held up one of those Sharpie permanent markers. "We're going to make marks where we'll go in."
The pen wasn't the needle yet but we were getting closer and my stomach was all butterflies.
"Tasha, have you thought about the angle yet? Do you want to do it the usual way, horizontal, or do you want to go slightly tilted?"
I shook my head. I didn't know there were options.
Val chimed in. "You can even go vertical, right?"
"It's not common but yes we can do it if you're sure you want it that way. Sometimes the angle is determined by the anatomy. Let me see..." She grappled with my nipples again, pinching and squeezing them. It was awkward how public an exhibit I had become.
"Tasha is symmetric. Round nipples with the areola puffing out nicely. Round boobs, too, right? Look at those things, lucky girl," Soya added in a joking aside as she elbowed Val in the ribs for innuendo. "So we can do any angle she wants. What do you think, kid?"
"I don't know," I said. I hadn't thought about it at all. "Just the way other girls have it, I guess. Straight across." I motioned flat across my boobs with my hands.
"Well, let's get your boobies over to the mirror and take a look," Soya ordered playfully, so I stood up and covered myself with my arms. Val and the boys backed up to give me room. I didn't see a mirror, though. Soya was making her way to the arched doorway. "It's in the other room. Come on."
This was a surprise and I wasn't wild about this change of venue but I didn't have a choice. I'd thrown my cami just over there on the counter and I thought about grabbing it but Soya had already shot out of there and I knew she wouldn't approve of me covering up when the whole point was to go over there to design the piercings on my naked tits.
What a day.
So I followed the boys out the door, double checking that I had myself as sealed up as best I could with the way my arms folded together and my palms over my nips. I had a fair bit of flesh to cover up and it wasn't that easy to do it right. I hoped nobody would unduly notice. Just another busty teen girl walking through the aisles of a store topless in a hand bra, you know.
Thankfully it turned out that we were just going to the other back room, the dick room, not out front in the main store with all the other customers. I slunk around the corner carefully trying to slide in without anybody catching a view of me, and there I found Soya already talking to those two girls who worked on the naked cock guy. She was pointing at the full-length mirror on the far wall and then to me.
I heard one of the girls tell Soya something like, "We're in the middle of a piercing" which started Soya asking them questions. I tried to hear what they were saying but then all of a sudden several guys pushed their way past me into the room. They looked about college age or mid-twenties and were boisterous. I wondered if they had been drinking already, even though it was probably barely noon. One of them bumped me and gave an offhand "excuse me" as he went by without looking.
"What--?" I started to say but then a couple more entered behind the first guys. They hadn't taken notice of me yet, just this cute girl trying to hide her naked big tits, right? I was simultaneously relieved and insulted. They were all excited and jawboning about a guy in the middle of their group who they pushed towards Soya and the two staff girls. He stumbled and stopped directly in front of them with the guys all gathered eagerly around him. He was cute, actually, and I stood waiting to see what was going to happen. He looked nervous.
Sure enough. One of his bro friends crouched down and pulled the pants off this poor guy and another one stepped to his side and pointed at his groin and made a joke. I didn't hear what he said in the noise, and even though I was embarrassed myself, I cracked a smile. It was useful to have someone else take the attention away from me; and it was easy to tell the situation that this guy somehow had been talked into or lost a bet or something and was about to get his precious cock pierced. Jesus, I definitely didn't want to be him.
Val and I and my two high school friends stood at the edge of this scene and watched the interaction. Soya was taking over; it seemed that the two staff girls had gotten themselves over their head with this dick job, and also with this particular crowd. I couldn't hear everything, but I caught snippets of their dialogue. Val whispered to me with a giggle, "Tash, you think this room always has a naked cock in it?"
Soya came back to us and told us, business-like, "He wants the girls to give him a dydoe, but I told him that's stupid. He should get a frenum."
Evgeni looked pale and muttered, "Oh man, I'm not sure I could handle that." I saw him clutch a hand over his groin as a protective measure. I liked that he was sensitive.
Soya shrugged and merely said, "You'll get used to it. But you are right, the dydoe is rough. It's painful enough if you're circumcised, but that guy--" she trailed off.
The group of young men were buzzing in active conversation and soon their ringleader--the one who had dropped the victim's trou--appeared in front of us with said naked victim guy in tow, who had a hand over his bare genitals. Standing there half-naked myself, I was sympathetic; and I was kind of curious, actually, to see where this would go.
The guys still hadn't taken much notice of me. The ringleader looked to Soya and pointed at his friend's dick.
"The girl says he has to get a hard-on. Is that right?"
Soya sighed. I could tell she was mildly irritated; she craned her head looking for the two staff girls to take this project over. She hadn't signed up for this. "Well, yes," she said.
"No fucking way!" The ringleader said in a loud voice, turning to his friends. "You hear that? He's got to yank his meat, man, so the girl can stick him!" Then he laughed and the other guys who had come to crowd around this scene joined in. I caught the eyes of the naked man and he didn't seem pleased at all of this fun at his expense. He muttered something about how the hell was he going to get hard with all these dudes in here laughing at him. I shook my head at his predicament.
Soya shook her head as we all listened, and she said to us in an aside. "They shouldn't be doing this without more training."
Vova was engaged in the whole situation. "Did you mean that the dude has to have a boner when you pierce him? Vicious!"
"No," Soya clarified. "You pierce him when he's soft. But you have to get him hard in order to size it correctly. There's 16 gauge all the way down to 8. If you get it wrong bad things happen."
"Oh," said Vova as he thought about that. "Fuck."
Evgeni leaned over to me with a smile and whispered, "So I guess it's true that there are showers and growers." I laughed. I had a quick moment wondering what kind of guy he was.
But Soya was ready to get back to work on me and getting frustrated with all this commotion. She pursed her lips at them. "Listen guys, why don't you go back over there. I've got my own piercing to do." She tipped her thumb at me and once again I was not happy for the recognition.
Then the ringleader and all his buddies finally took notice of me and it sunk in that all this time they had been standing next to a cute topless teen, furthermore one who had been clutching her naked boobs in embarrassment. Interest in their naked dude friend waned quickly as they comprehended what Soya said.
"Whoa!" he said, looking at me. "Wait a minute, you're getting your nipples pierced, right?"
I nodded. He sure was an Einstein, this guy.
Soya tried again to herd the group. "Shoo, guys! The girls over there will take care of your friend."
But the ringleader didn't want to let go of this thread. He had an idea now. "Dude--" his mind was racing. I again caught the eyes of the naked guy who was watching both me and his friends nervously. He was a pretty cute guy and we bonded in a foxhole camaraderie; both reluctantly naked in front of our friends, and both about to get shot on the front lines.
"Can we watch?" It was the ringleader asking Soya.
She put her hands up in front of her as a question, like "what?"
He continued, trying to rationalize a peek at my tits. "He's got to get his dick hard, right? And she's really cute. That should do it."
"Boys, look, you should go take care of your own situation, over there. I think those girls are pretty cute too, right?"
The ringleader had sized me up, and I'm sure he was conflating his own interests with the needs of his friend to get an erection.
"Oh, come on, this is perfect. She's there, super cute, and he's here needing to get a boner. We'll just watch a little bit."
Soya turned to me with a crooked smile. The guys were good natured but insistent; she caved with a shake of her head and somehow what I thought about the matter didn't seem to enter the equation. "Okay okay. Boys. This is Natasha."
There were murmurs of polite greetings from the group.
She continued. "We're working on the design of her new piercings." And then to me, waving the Sharpie pen in the air. "You want to ask all your new friends what they think?"
Again good-natured murmurs came from them encouraging me.
I hadn't had this much attention on me ever, not even with my clothes on. About half a dozen good looking college guys watching me from close range, plus Evgeni and Vova, and Val too of course. I felt the blush spreading across my face, heating it up as it went. I was probably bright red; and I hadn't moved my hands yet to uncover my chest.
"Go ahead, sweety," said the ringleader, smiling. "My boy's getting his dick pierced and he could use a little help."
"Yeah, go on," said another, encouraging me, and a few more chimed in favorably.
Oh my God, I thought; how did I get in this situation? But there was a thrill of pleasure, too, I could not deny it. All these horny boys checking me out and complimenting me. Maybe I was a bit of a secret exhibitionist after all.
Soya took control and positioned me in front of the mirror, moving my hands to uncover my chest. A lot of eyes went wide as everyone took in my naked figure in full. "Damn, Natasha!" one boy said, in amazement. Another one whistled.
"So we can do it like this, or maybe more like this," Soya started, talking as much to the boys as to me anymore. She put her hands across my breasts. "Tasha, wiggle your chest and relax. Right. Let your boobs hang naturally." There were some "hmms" as the boys ogled me and considered the options.
"Get on in here," said the ringleader, pushing his naked friend closer to me. "You take a good look and I'll work the pump down here," he said, grabbing for the exposed dick.
"Get the fuck off," the victim said, pushing the ringleader away, who laughed at his own joke. The cute victim guy put his hand down to his own waist, and his eyes came close to mine and he gazed down at my tits. "I'll work it myself, thank you."
It was erotic watching a guy sort of masturbate to me. His face had a curious concentration and I saw his arm moving back and forth. I wondered if this is what it would be like to have sex with him.
Soya came in close to my chest and started marking my nips with her Sharpie. She brought Evgeni and Vova in to take a look. The victim dude continued to watch me and my boobs with great interest. I guessed that he was achieving his penile goal, but I didn't want to stare right down at his groin to confirm. Also I was holding my tits still for Soya and the two boys to do this marking. I didn't want to mess that up.
The ringleader jumped back in between us. "Let's see how things are doing down here. Oh, yes sir! Thank you, Natasha!" he gushed, pleased with how the victim guy got his required boner. Then the whole group of them moved back en masse back to the two girls on the other side of the room to continue their own adventure. The guy and I smiled at each other before we were separated, me being ushered out of there as well by my own crew.
Back in our room, Soya positioned me into the chair, this time reclined more steeply. She added an arch-shaped pillow that caused my chest to protrude and my boobs to thrust out towards the ceiling awkwardly. It just was one more thing to bear in this day of embarrassment for me and my puffy nips. She started on the final phase of my procedure.
"I suppose that guy got his sizing, right?" She laughed. "We have our own sizing to take care of now, and boys, it looks like we don't have the right bar. Go out and bring me a 14 gauge bar with the 4mm balls. All we have here are the big ones. Ask Manya if she's back, or just look around. Don't come back until you find it."
With the boys gone, she leaned in closer over me. Her smell was strong, intoxicating even, and her breasts covered only by her bra swung down and grazed against my stomach. She braced a hand on my hip as she hovered over me. I was pretty turned on. I was thinking like the piercing victim guy, I wouldn't have a difficult time getting hard.
"Okay, hun," she said in her low voice while she touched a nipple and squeezed. "Let's get you ready. Valery, you can come in here too if you want."
Soya increased the pressure on both my nips and my hips, shifting her weight further onto me so more pressure was directly on my groin. Oh shit, I thought, and an electric pulse ran down my spine; I'm getting wet.
"How are we doing, Valery? Is she getting there?" Soya asked playfully. "Go ahead and help. Tasha won't mind. Right, Tasha?"
"No, it's okay," I struggled to say, as Valery touched my other nip gently. I never had lesbian fantasies about her either, but somehow in this situation it was starting to really get me going; how these women were touching me. Yet another thing for the mental filing cabinet!
I was used to being submissive with Stas, so it was natural for me to be passive. Things were different with a woman though, for sure. Soya had the strength and surety but there was a smoothness and beauty to it that I didn't expect. Maybe I was partly bisexual after all. I'd never even thought about it.
"Go ahead yourself, Tasha," she said, and I didn't need any more encouragement. I put a hand to myself and started caressing. This position, inclined back in the chair with my hand on my breast was familiar to me--it was how I always got off in the bath--and it occurred to me that with the attention of this beautiful, confident woman that I was getting more than a little wet down there; I was actually approaching an orgasm.
Soya leaned close to my ear and whispered, "Go ahead and let go, hun. It will relax you."
I moaned softly as she pushed onto my clit through the pants. I moaned once again and when she breathed into my ear it happened, I climaxed right there on the chair. I couldn't believe what I'd done; what Soya had done to me; quickly I looked around to make sure the boys hadn't come back to the room yet. I was exhausted, but it was true that I was more relaxed now and ready to take what was next.
Soya gave me a little kiss on the cheek, and then told Val, "See, like I said. One of the perks of the job."
She brought over the tray and at this point I closed my eyes again. Not so much from embarrassment as just to try to keep a calm mental state so she could do what she had to do. I felt her touch my breast again as she did the final prep, then I heard the noises of the boys entering again. They found the smaller bar but not the balls.
"Well, hun," Soya said. "Here's the situation. We're going to put on the 6 mm balls. They will be a little big for you. I hope you weren't planning on hiding this piercing!" I grunted softly. It didn't upset me. What was going to happen would happen. I was in a dream state, and didn't observe so closely how she and the boys worked the final preparations and brought out the tongs to pull my nip out and give the quick shot through from the sides along where the pen markings were.
"A pinch now," she said, and my tit was on fire! But it went quickly. It hurt like hell, but what they say was what happened for me, the pain was there and intense and excruciating but then it was all over. The second side was harder because I knew what was coming, but I got through that as well.
There. I had done it!
A feeling of enormous relief and pride swelled through me. I knew it was going to be exciting and scary, but also a thrill, to walk around in public having those piercings under my clothes. And then when I wasn't wearing clothes, they would stand for themselves.
Nothing else notable happened the rest of that day.
Except one little thing. Soya assigned Evgeni to clean me up. I think she knew what she was doing, sending Val and Vova out to the rest of the shop while she gave him a lot of time to attend to my new little punctures with the anesthetic and wipes. I liked the way he touched me and I liked the way he looked at me. I had this feeling that this wildest of days in my life might, ironically, lead to something calm, something more permanent.
Something beautiful.