The organizers of the charity bicycle ride had a rest stop, where the cyclists could get free bottled water and take a break. We, Chuck and I, needed to stop for water and we needed to rest for a while. Starting out from Pickerington, Ohio, it was a planned twenty-eight mile ride on a hot July Saturday. It was a time when I was fresh into biking, when I had my first serious bike, when my clips were new and when I owned only one pair of fanny padded bright green stretch cycling shorts.
I had met Chuck at one of my first cycle outings near Westerville. He was shy at first, a little younger than I was, maybe a year or two, and he also had all new cycling gear. I saw him standing next to his new bike, he had on a mixed brightly colored jersey and a skin tight pair of black biking shorts. That day in Westerville, we each showed up alone, while most of the other riders were couples or were in established groups. So Chuck and I linked up and rode together. He was comparatively handsome, as to the other men, most of whom were fat. Chuck was slim, he had dark hair, he had a job, he was newly divorced, and he had no kids. I also have no kids. I'm 5'5, a thin bottle blonde, 120 pounds, I can boast that I'm closer to the top than the bottom. I had then just turned thirty-six, but I could pretend to be twenty-six when I wanted to. That first day, as Chuck and I rode, we talked, and our talking soon turned to flirting as we each took side glances at the other's body. The tight biking shorts we each wore left little to the imagination. The Westerville outing was a long ride. On breaks I posed as provocatively as I could, sucking my water bottle and squirting the cold water on my face and down my chest. After flirting for that first entire ride, Chuck and I agreed to meet again and to ride together at the Pickerington outing, but Chuck had not formally 'asked me out'. Not that I could have gone out with him much anyway, though we could have met for drinks or lunch, I was still waking up with my husband, as that relationship went on the wane.
Back then, and still now, I don't wear panties under my cycling shorts. My cycle seat pushes them up my crack and on a long ride it gets very uncomfortable. And I like the stretch tops too, when I wear them, so I don't usually need a bra, or on a sunny day I'll just wear a sport bra. My boobs are maybe my best attention getter, I'm a firm 36C, and as I said, thin and no kids. That hot day in Pickerington, after the husband left, I'd taken off my jersey and changed in the ladies room to my skimpy sport bra, so I was bare shoulders and midriff; I wrapped the jersey around my bike frame.
The husband had dropped me off at 7:30 in the morning for the start of the Pickerington ride. As soon as the husband was gone, and after I'd changed, I found Chuck waiting where I told him to meet me. He'd not seen me peeled down to a skimpy bra before. We took off together and we rode side by side for most of the morning. He and I rode slow, rookies that we were. Other than a few other stragglers, we were alone, flirting, getting to know one another. There was an old abandoned barn near the road, and I pulled off onto its shade side and stopped, and Chuck did too. We each got off our bikes and leaned them against the old barn, and stood in the shade talking.
"These bra straps are killing me," I said. Then I slipped the sport bra straps, one at a time, over my arms, and dropped the straps down. Well, for Chuck, I dropped the sport bra all the way down. I kept it around my waist and pretended to adjust the straps, all the while showing off my bare chest. Chuck caught my cue. He came up to me and we embraced, and he rubbed my boobs as we kissed. Our tongues were twisting and our mouths sucking, he was a good kisser. I let Chuck run his hands all over my boobs and suck my nipples and feel my fanny too, and anything else he wanted to feel, while I did the same to him. We had graduated to foreplay. I was feeling him harden in my hand when some other riders stopped there. I wasn't embarrassed, I like showing my boobs in public. But we needed to finish the ride, so I pulled my bra back up, but not the straps. The stretch fabric held itself up well without the straps, and I rode on with it that way. Sure, it would slip down and I'd pull it up, it was a fun way to tease my Chuckie boy and to flash the other riders too.
The next break station was in Baltimore, and we planned a stop for some energy food. Then, surprisingly, unexpectedly, my husband came driving around the corner in his convertible, heading down the road toward us. He saw that I was with Chuck, he saw the smile on my face before I saw him, and he saw that my bra straps were down. When he had dropped me off, I was wearing a cycle jersey. Then he finds me with my bra down, with my boobs on display, and with another guy. The husband could put two and two together. It was obvious, I was busted. He shouted out a hello from the convertible and then he drove off pissed. Chuck and I rode on.
"Who was that?' Chuck asked me.
"Well...I...he's a guy I know..."
I tried to play it off but it was not possible. You don't just say 'that's my husband' to a guy you're trying to get close to. It scares them away. And the husband, an ex linebacker, he could've crunched Chuck in an instant. So I kept quiet about it.
We arrived at the rest station where we found cold bottled water and energy bars. Then we found a secluded spot down the road where Chuck and I stopped and relaxed under the shade of a maple tree. Other cyclists were stopping there too, laying around in the shade, taking a break. It was hot, I squirted the ice cold water on my face and down my chest and front, soaking my clothes, and I playfully squirted cold water on Chuck too.
My husband had always kept me shaved, and the cycle seat, together with the tight shorts, were causing some crotch soreness. Imagine twenty plus miles with that seat in your cheeks. With my sweating, and the water bath, the bright green shorts highlighted my folds like a thin coat of paint. Wet, the shorts were almost see through. My vagina lips were swollen, my nipples protruding – I stood in front of Chuck that way as he rested on his side. I didn't want to loose Chuck, I didn't want to chase him away, but it was a hard fact to avoid that I was married and sleeping with my husband. It was time for me to act.
I told Chuck that I needed to pee, and that I was going into the bushes to relieve myself. I went only as far though till I was sure he could still see me and, thinking back, I made sure that some of the other cyclists could see me too. Next I pulled my shorts down and looked straight at Chuck. I watched Chuck react to his first view of my shaved puss. The place I chose in the bushes was private enough, I don't think that many of the other cyclists watched me, maybe just five or six. I called out to Chuck.
"Do you need to go too?"
By the time he walked over to me, I'd taken my padded shorts down to my ankles and I had pushed my sports bra down past my boobs. The bra made a waistband, and frankly I must have looked like some clown, with my helmet and cycle shoes on. I squatted with my legs spread as wide as I could, but the tight shorts held my ankles together. Aggressive? You bet. I knew I was going to catch hell from the husband and I hadn't yet done a thing, so let the punishment fit the crime.
But I played along with the scene, as if we really were there to urinate. I let Chuck watch me pee, I let him watch the liquid squirt out from my spread legs as I squatted, I leaned back on my palms, wide open, still wearing my helmet and my clips. Then I took a dry maple leaf and slowly wiped my crotch as Chuck watched.
"Well, Chuck, are you going to go?"
What a treat for me as Chuck pulled his cycling shorts down. Then he peed. He urinated right next to me, as I remained squatting, his pissing dick was only a foot from my face. Chuck didn't have the biggest penis, but I admit to enjoying watching an attractive man urinate, especially so close to my mouth. When he was through, he continued to stand there with his cycling shorts down. Chuck even flinched a little - like he was surprised - when I first touched him, and when I took his penis in my mouth, when I sucked his dick the way I wanted to suck it since the minute I met him, he started to moan. After a few minutes of giving him my mouth, I looked up to him and I spoke.
"Chuck...I don't know if I...if I can let you...my husband...has..." As I spoke I went back and forth licking Chuck's erection, rubbing his penis against my cheeks, in my hair, throwing out muffled words interspaced with my cock sucking. From a distance, I noticed that a few cyclists were watching us and I didn't care, it excited me even more. I went on.
"Chuck...here...now...I don't know if I can...if you'd want to...fuck me...my husband...he fucked me this morning, I'm still full of his stuff...ask me out, and I'll be fresh for you...I hope this...will do for now..."
It probably was the first time I'd sucked a man with my bicycle helmet on. I really got into the moment there outside, into sucking Chuck's penis, and I wanted to give him the best head he'd ever had. Up and down I went, eyes wide open, and I saw that a couple of the other cyclists had moved closer, really close... to see my legs spread, to see me exposed, to see me give head. Chuck started blabbering as he started to tighten up.
"I've been watching your ass all day, on top of that thin racing seat. You have such a nice tail on you...you're so toned...you look so good with my cock in your mouth...you should have sucked me last week..." Chuck's dick wasn't so big though, and he was gentle with me at first...as he held the back of my head and as he...worked his erection in rhythm into my mouth. But once he was deep inside my throat, he fucked my face hard, and he felt huge. Then, surprisingly quick for a guy who had his balls bounced on a bicycle seat all day, he shot off in my mouth. I swallowed some, but I let Chuck's semen drip from my mouth onto my sport bra and across my stomach, thinking that my husband (the bastard) might catch the scent when I got home. My hair was long then, and I pulled a handful across my face and wiped my hair all over Chuck's softening penis.
The finishing miles of the ride were quiet, Chuck didn't say much at all. One of the other cyclists, one who had watched me suck Chuck off, he stuck to us like glue. He was actually better looking than Chuck, much more physical, and he knew it. I met up with that other guy at the Wendy's Triathlon after Chuck didn't show, and I had stayed fresh for him too.