I'd asked Dan to take some pictures of me and my new car, and he'd said he'd like to take some glamour pictures of me and his motorcycle at the same time. He said he'd be over with the motorcycle shortly.
I wasn't sure what he'd want me to wear, so I waited for him to arrive. When he got here, I let him in and we went up the stairs to the living room. He got me to come over to him, and pulled my leggings down, even though the curtains were open and anybody could look in. I was hoping those net curtains stopped the neighbours seeing me.
He asked me what I wanted, and I was thinking of me in my shorts and a T-shirt or something, probably at the park. I didn't know what he wanted me to wear in the pictures, so we went through to the bedroom to go through my lingerie. I took my shirt off so I could try things on. The problem was that he started playing with my tits as I was trying to find things.
I started off posing in red lacy boy shorts and a red and black bra, and he took a couple of pictures. I told him I didn't want him to take pictures of me naked, but I did let him take pictures of me topless in my purple thong.
I tried little white thong and a nightie, and he snapped a couple of pictures. He said he'd like just the thong, but you could see the top of my pubic hair. I'd have to shave a little to wear it.
I went into the bathroom to shave, and he came in to watch.
"You might as well get it all," he said.
"I didn't intend showing that much," I said.
I sighed and started shaving, and told him to leave me to it.
I came out all freshly shaven, and gave him a little twirl, then he handed me a lacy black body to put on. I went and dug out my shorts and a Guns 'N Roses T-shirt, then went and fixed my hair and and put on a little make-up. I put on some black high heels and grabbed some sneakers, and we left the house. I saw Jim, my neighbour on the way out, and he leered at me.
Dave gave me his backpack with the camera in it, and I got in the car and followed him to the park. He had me park in a specific spot for something to do with getting the pictures.
He told me to go for it, and we walked around the car with me posing sexily - you know, bending, butt out, chest out, that sort of thing. We looked at the pictures on the camera's little screen, and we redid a couple of them.
I moved my car out of the way, parking it just out of shot, and Dan pushed his motorcycle over.
He had me put on his boots and sit on the bike, then standing in front of it. He took off my T-shirt, and put it in the car and took some pictures of me.
I swapped the boots for my heels, then took off my shorts, and posed around and on the bike with him taking pictures the whole time.
"Wardrobe change," he said.
We walked over to the car, and I stripped behind the open car door, and put on red panties and a bustier. We took pictures around the bike, then I sat on it for a few more. He told me to take the bustier off. After checking there was nobody around, I did, and he put it back in the car, and was taking pictures of me sitting on the bike in just panties and heels when a car pulled in to the park, and a couple got out.
I flattened myself onto the tank of the bike so they wouldn't see my tits, and looked at Dan for help. He just shrugged at me. Thanks, pal.
The couple came over, and the guy said some things about my tits and bum, but the lady said I looked lovely.
Dan told me to sit up and put my hands on my head, but I didn't want to.
"I'll be nice," said the guy, and suggested his lady friend might join in.
I was trapped here as long as they were standing there. This wasn't going to get any better, so I figured I might as well get it over with. I sat up and put my hands on the tank.
I looked down and my tits were pushed together, but you could see my nipples, so there was really nothing else left to see. Dan was taking pictures again, so I put my hands behind my head as Dan had asked, and the guy started applauding. I could feel myself going red, but it was starting to turn me on a little.
After a minute, the lady said "Come on, let's leave them to it," and pulled him off towards one of the trails.
"Oh my god," I said to Dan, "I thought I was going to die."
"But you didn't," he said.
He had me stand in front of the motorcycle for a couple of shots, then told me to pull my panties down. I told him I didn't want to take nude shots, so he had me pull one side down and hold it, but it wasn't enough to show my slit. It would have shown my pubic hair though, if I still had any.
"Wardrobe change," he said.
"But they could come back at any time," I said.
"You'd better be quick then," he said, with his hand out.
I took off my shoes and panties, then went over to the car and opened the door. He gave me a the white thong and a push-up bra. Also my white sneakers, and we headed back to the motorcycle. He told me the bra made my tits look huge, which was sweet. I'm sure the thong made my bum and hips look huge, too, but he didn't mention that.
We did more poses, on and off the motorcycle, and then he asked for the bra. Steeling myself, I gave it to him, and he left it in the car.
He took a lot of pictures of me topless all around the bike, and even the car. He told me to take off the thong, and I said no, I wasn't going to pose naked, and went and sat in the car. I took my sneakers off, and put my feet inside. I was really turned on by the thought of somebody watching me, but I didn't want somebody to be watching me, if that makes any sense. Dan came over and put the damn camera down and started kissing me and feeling me up, telling me I'd done really well out there.
I was starting to get even more turned on, so I took my thong off like he wanted. I pulled him over and unbuttoned his jeans - it looked like he was as turned on as I was, and I kissed the head and stroked it, feeling how hard and hot it was. Fuck it, I thought, and handed him the camera before I went down on him. I could hear the shutter noise, but I was focussed on sucking his cock.
After a few minutes, I let go of him and knelt on the seat facing him, getting his cock between my tits, so I could rub up and down against him, as I know he likes that. I like the feel of it, too, as his cock is really hot to the touch.
After doing this for a while, he put the camera down and pulled me up. He lead me around to the front of the car and bent me over the hood. I started cumming almost as soon as he put his cock inside me, and he wasn't far behind. Our timing was great, as we were cleaning up when I heard the couple from earlier coming back. I ran over to the open door and grabbed my T-shirt, shutting the door and putting it on.
They came over again, and Dan was chatting to them. The lady looked like she'd got dressed in a hurry.
Dan suggested I get out and say "hi", and I wound the window down to hear him. The couple came over and said about how I'd got them all hot and bothered, and they'd gone and had a "little cuddle".
I got out, holding my T-shirt down.
"Show them your tits," said the man, and the lady giggled.
Amazingly, she undid her blouse and pulled it open, showing us her bra. The man then pulled her bra up, so her tits popped out underneath.
"Show them your tits," Dan said, and I shook my head.
The lady got dressed as they walked back to the car. They got in, and drove past us. The lady was on our side, and looking at me, so I pulled my T-shirt off and waved it at her. The lady enthusiastically waved back, and the man looked shocked.
I hadn't really meant for him to see me that well, so I jumped back into the car and put the seat back down so he couldn't see me any more. I put on my red panties, the T-shirt, then my shorts and sneakers and got out again. They'd gone.
Dan pulled me to him, feeling my tits under my T-shirt as he kissed me. He put his stuff back in his backpack and got all dressed up and headed home, and I drove back to my place. Luckily there was nobody in the parking lot as I walked to the door, it had been quite a day!