Student Life -- part 3
I stood with my back to the closed door, wondering what the others would be saying about me. They could, of course, be discussing something else entirely, but I severely doubted it. I would be the main topic between them for some time to come. Quite understandably really. They would have a lot to discuss after that display.
I also wondered if the three guys would talk about me in a different way when they were alone, after the ladies had left. Less about what I'd done, and more about what they'd like to do to me. Connor, I was sure, would be quite vocal in his opinions. He'd called me a slut to my face, but would he let the others know that?
If I wasn't the main thought in their heads tonight, as the guys went to bed, I'd be disappointed in a way. While I didn't want this, it was happening. In which case surely it was a positive if they were all going to be fantasising about what they'd been able to do with me, and then what they'd been thinking as they semi-openly kept an eye on me as we watched TV.
Crap. I was getting mixed up in my thoughts. I didn't want this. There was no way that the after-effects should be turning me on in any way -- but they were. It was that final bit with Leanne that had turned something horrific into something interesting. Something with possibilities. Something that I was going to run a mile from right now. Life was complicated enough at this point to even try and sort out what I was feeling. I'd have to shelve it for a future point.
What was clear to me was that I was moving to a new flat, as far away from this one as possible, when I could. When I was freed from the blackmailer I never wanted to see this particular group of people again. The whole thing was just too embarrassing, and every single time I saw one of them I'd be brought back to this point.
Standing with my back to the door. Naked and still showing marks from where they had all groped my boobs -- with my permission -- in public. How the hell could someone live that down? I'd have to not just do that though, but go through much of it again tomorrow, and every day for the next week, until this phase might have an end. What my blackmailer might think of that I didn't know -- yet.
On a normal evening, when coming in to get on with work, I'd make a cup of tea to bring in with me. This time I'd been thinking more of getting the hell out of the main area, and less about my routine. I could always go back out and get one -- thus further confirming my new role in the flat as naked chick -- but, for tonight, cold water from the bathroom tap would do just fine.
While I knew that much of the feeling I had of being dirty was not going to be washed off, I still thought that a shower would help. We each had a bathroom, rather than there being a communal one -- which was one reason I'd chosen this type of flat. Sharing that with a bunch of strangers -- and some of them guys -- didn't sound like a good idea to me.
The university artwork had made a really good job of showing off the tiny bathroom in our rooms to their best effect, and you had to wonder if Photoshop had come into it somewhere. There was a toilet, a sink, and a shower all crammed together in a plastic pod space not much bigger than the size of my parent's shower at home. It was private and did the job though.
I took a fairly long shower and enjoyed the warmth of the water flowing over my body. After washing my hair, I paused over what to do next. This was one of my favourite places, and ways, to masturbate but, while I did feel the need in me to do so, the image that had immediately come to mind was of Leanne.
While there was nothing technically wrong with thinking of a girl while touching myself, I'd never done so before, and it broke me out of my mood. A little anyway, but enough for the moment. If these were normal times, and I was back home, then I'd have gone out somewhere and found a good way to relieve this itch. And if that wasn't possible, then I'd look at the videos on my phone.
And thinking of that was enough to dispel the mood entirely. Recording onto my phone was what had got me into this mess, and I needed to be concentrating on that situation, rather than thinking of my immediate bodily needs. I needed to find a way to stop him from wielding further control over me, and I couldn't do that from the bathroom.
Usually, I'd have wandered around my room with a small towel over my hair and a large one covering up my body. Today, I was not sure that was permitted by the instructions to go naked. Did covering my hair go against this? The large towel would, so I dried off thoroughly and then turned the heating in the room up a little to compensate for the lack of clothing. I'd need to suggest that for the communal area as well.
Going to my laptop, I found that a few people had contacted me to say that they had enjoyed my accidentally sending them my topless photo, and letting me know that they'd deleted the email. Others on the send list hadn't said anything, but I hoped that they'd just deleted it. Maybe it had gone straight to spam, and they'd not even been aware of it?
There was no way that I could ask though. If they hadn't seen it and I then prompted them to find it, that would be awful. Fortunately, none of my close family had been included, and the friends that had been just laughed at me for sending such a thing to them by accident. And they wondered who it was actually intended for... I was obviously in a close relationship with someone to send such a risqué image -- and to say that it was the first in a sequence.
Thankfully no one was creepy enough to ask for the next shot in the sequence so that they could see how this developed. It looked like I'd gotten away with this relatively lightly, but it would be very different if some of the downright pornographic photos -- or any of the videos -- were sent out. Especially if he deliberately sent them to close friends and family.
I looked for the app that I'd downloaded and found it in the list of programmes installed. There was an uninstall option, and I sat with the cursor hovering over that for some time. And then I stopped dithering. I wasn't going to remove it. There was simply no way to live with the consequences of not doing what he wanted.
I realised that I'd been back in my bedroom for a while now but was still naked. Neither my flatmates nor Stephen Hawking could know that I was still naked, so there was no reason for me to be. I put on my pj's and sat on my bed thinking. Did sleepwear count as me breaking the rules in his head? Was I supposed to sleep nude as well?
If I was to continue in this, then I would have to be naked in here all the time -- or close enough anyway. If someone knocked at the door, I wouldn't have time to strip off a full set of clothing before they wondered what I was doing. And if the jeans, or whatever, left marks around my waist then it would be clear that I had been wearing something, and questions would then be asked.
Bugger him to hell! I could get away with my dressing gown, as I could slip that off easily, but everything else was now off-limits until I was getting ready to leave the flat. I liked being nude. I often wanted to be nude. Sometimes I needed to be nude. What I didn't want was for someone else to make that decision for me, and force me to be nude to meet their schedule and plans!
For the next couple of hours I was able to think about other things. Some of my coursework was going over previous studies -- to make sure that we were up to speed -- and it was there that I concentrated for a time. I was sitting at my desk, doing some of that reading and making notes, when I was alerted by the voice of my machine that there was a new message coming through.
'You appear to be wearing clothing. For this you will be punished with a further task today. Remove it, and then I want you to describe what happened earlier this evening and your reactions to it. Be honest, or be punished further.'
Bugger! I wanted to protest that I'd put this on to go to sleep, but I had no idea how long he'd been there watching me. And wasn't that creepy! With the tape over the camera light there was no way for me to know when he was there or not. He'd wanted that done so that I could take the laptop into the living room without suspicion, but it was just as effective on me in here and, with my head in a muddle I'd not properly considered that.
Taking off my pj's and throwing them onto my bed was, in an odd way, more embarrassing than just being nude with him earlier. Why did the act of removing clothing seem so much more sexual than just being nude in the first place? There was something odd going on in my head there that I'd have to try and analyse one day.
As I took them off, I pondered the instruction to be honest or face further punishment. The question I was wrestling with was how the hell would he know? The laptop, and so the camera, had been in here for that whole period of time, so there was no way for him to corroborate whatever I now said.
Unless...? Unless he was in contact with one of the others -- and wasn't that a scary thought! All of their email addresses were on the phone, and we'd become 'friends' on social media as well. He could have got in touch with any of them (or all of them), and there was no way for me to find out.
This was probably a bluff on his part, although he'd not actually said that he'd done anything of the sort, so I could be worrying over nothing. If he had though, coming up with a plausible reason for doing so, then he would know what I'd done. If I lied now, then I'd be in deep shit. Deeper shit anyway.
Damn him! He had me second-guessing everything now! I couldn't see a way out of this that was better than telling him the absolute truth in all matters where either he, or one of my flatmates, could possibly have seen me. Which left me my shower pod, or an empty living area, as the only private spaces I had while at home.
I described what happened to him and did so pretty honestly, as he had requested, just in case there was a way he'd find out. I told him about being admired and then having the guys touching me -- and especially about Connor. I even told him what Connor had said to me, just in case the two of them were now in contact. It was horrible and embarrassing, but there was no choice.
After talking about how the guys had all touched me, I told him about Dionne doing the same, and then Leanne requesting it as well at the end of the TV programme. I did not say that this turned me on a little, as I didn't think anyone could have known for sure. Yes, I'd flushed, but that would be natural in the circumstances. There was being honest, and there was giving too much away.
'Your tasks for the night were complete, but this final one for the day is as a punishment for wearing your pyjama's. This may be unpleasant for you, but so should any punishment. Disobey me again, and the consequences will get increasingly worse for you. Learn from your mistakes.'
The bastard. The absolute bastard! After I'd gone through the scariest, most hideous experience of my life, having to flaunt my naked body to people I'd only been getting to gradually know for a week, and to say to them that I'd happily keep doing so... and now he had more for me to do! And not only that, but something bad as well.
Balls! I'd really, really, hoped that I was done for the night. In fact, part of me was hoping that I was done entirely -- while knowing that was incredibly unlikely. I was a fish caught on a hook, and the angler was playing with me. He was enjoying the experience, but I doubted that the fish ever did so.
However, if he was saying this was bad compared to my day so far then this was going to be really bad! He was going to send me outside somewhere undressed like this wasn't he! It couldn't be far if he was going to watch on the laptop camera as the Wi-Fi range was probably not good -- into the building stairwell?
"Please sir," I said, "this is all too much! My head feels as if it is going to explode as it is. I honestly don't think I can take any more! This whole evening has been awful for me, and I don't think you understand the toll that it is taking on me. Sir." Could he tell that I was close to weeping? I was, and wanted him to see it.
'Do you know the game Snog, Marry, Avoid, or sometimes called Fuck, Marry, Kill?' I'd nodded as he was speaking, so he carried straight on. 'For the three men in your flat, you will choose Mouth, Cunt, Arse. I will then send you out to visit one of them to play the game through.'
"Please Sir," I said desperately. Trying to plead with him -- while knowing it would have no effect. "You know that I'm a virgin, but that goes as far as blowjobs and my bum as well. I've never had a guy enter me anywhere." (Hell, this was mortifying to say out loud, even to a stranger hiding behind my computer screen).
"I've taken the tip of my last boyfriend's cock between my lips a couple of times, my mouth lips that is, but we never did anything more than getting each other off with our hands. I've never even been naked with anyone before today. Please, don't make me do this sir!"
'Your videos show me items that you've put inside both your cunt and your arse. I assume you've done the same with your mouth as well. Choose which man gets which part of you, or I will do it for you. And then send you on to two of them this evening as a punishment for making me work harder in getting this done.'
Well, crap and double crap. He was right that I had simulated sex with a variety of objects, and could get what I thought of as a bit nasty with it. Things did go into all of my bits, and I sometimes got off with the idea of three different men all doing what they wanted with me at the same time. This was not real though.
I didn't want that to happen in real life and would have run a mile to get away from anyone that seriously suggested it. A game you played by yourself in private did not necessarily mean that you ever wanted it to come true in real life. One day, I'd have sex with a man, and who knew what would happen after that. Three at the same time though? Nope, not going to happen outside some freaky, occasional, fantasy.
One thing was for bloody sure, I'd be doing my best to avoid further punishments from him! He clearly wanted obedience, and if he said jump, then I was to do it and not ask stupid questions. Naked meant naked. I asked about the quilt on my bed at night -- as that might count as covering myself up even if asleep -- but was told that would be fine when sleeping. A mighty big concession there!
The clock from earlier in the day being put back onto my screen brought me back to this moment in time. A decision needed to be made in the next 60 seconds, but it was a mad one. I'd not considered any form of sexual activity with the guys living with me. I'd expected at least one to hit on me (and had bet myself that it would be Connor, who had, from the start, seemed a bit full of himself), but I'd intended to turn them all down when it happened.
While having a boyfriend sharing the same flat might be great if it was all going well, if you had a row -- or broke up -- then you'd have nowhere to go to and get away from them. The place wouldn't feel like home for either of you and would be pretty awkward for the others living there as well. No, I'd decided to try and avoid that from the start.
And now, I was going to choose which ones would get deep access to the entrances of my body, and in a no strings attached sort of a way. We'd not be dating. No flowers, no chocolates, no fancy meals, no cinema visits. I'd just be offering myself up to one of them to stick his cock inside me. At least I got to say which one went where, but it was still sick.
As I was thinking of Connor, then let's go with him first. There was no way he was taking my virginity. No bloody way was that happening! While only semi-religious myself, I'd been brought up to think of your first time as being something special for your husband. That was a bit old fashioned and stupid in the day and age we lived in, but it was still there in my head as something not to be given up lightly.
He was not going to go there before I no longer thought of it as a special thing to offer my man, and more of a regular part of sex with whatever man I was with. I never intended to get overly casual about offering to have sex, and so giving access to my pussy, and for the very first time... well, that chance was certainly not going to be his!
Offering him my bum, my first time at any anal activity, had much of the same connotations to me (although access to that part of your anatomy never got mentioned at church youth groups), but, as he was going to be first in one part of me, was this better or worse than my mouth? Worse I thought.
Giving him something that was usually only offered to longer-term boyfriends (as I understood it) would only cement the thought of my being a slut in his head, and I didn't want him acting on that. Not that offering a blowjob wouldn't add to my sluttishness, but that was almost entry-level sex in a relationship, while anal certainly was not.
"Connor gets the blowjob," I said.
Of the other two, there wasn't much in it for me. Scott was on the same course as I was (biochemistry), and so I'd had more in the way of conversations with him than any of the others. Someone at the university had had the bright idea of putting pairs of students on the same courses in rooms with pairs on others. To stimulate conversations or some such, I believe. We'd have to see if that worked as they expected.
Connor and Dionne were both taking politics -- and as the two with the big egos that seemed to suit them as career choices. Leanne and David were both taking computing. One looking more at coding, the other at the computer games industry. I had no real idea as to what either of them was talking about, so those future stimulating conversations there were not looking too bright.
"Scott gets to... gets my pussy. And so David can have my bum."
The timer still had a dozen seconds left on it, but once I'd figured out Connor's place then the rest was easy. Well, not easy, considering what I was offering up, but the truth was it didn't really make much of a difference to me which way round the other two went. Given that I didn't want either thing to happen, with either guy, then what did it matter?
And then it stopped being a theoretical thing. Some sort of multiple-choice questionnaire. This was me actually choosing which man in my flat was actually going to use my body, and how. Bloody hell! I'd had them touch me earlier, but this was way, way, more than touching. Penetration was a whole nother level and meant something entirely different as well.
You might have a snog with someone in a club, and that could end up with having your boobs played with as well if you permitted it. Although outside the clothing where I was concerned, thank you very much. But to have a cock in any of your three openings was, unless you were a slut as Connor called it, not to be contemplated outside of a serious relationship. Very serious for me.
Here I was though, blithely saying to the guy in my computer, and anyone that he cared to show the footage to, that I was ready to take any of the guys into me, and that this was my personal preference. I was shaking all of a sudden and crying as well. Not the sobbing kind, but tears were rolling down my cheeks. I assumed that he could see them, but he wasn't saying anything.
"Please, sir, let me go to Scott, and offer him my pussy. If you want, I can tell him it is my virginity as well, but I'd rather not say so." I had to be beetroot red while saying this, and I was perfectly aware that he'd be recording my speaking. This would be one hell of an extra thing to add to the blackmail pile. My parents would certainly never understand -- especially if he edited it at all.
Scott and regular sex seemed better than anal with anyone, and better than Connor getting near me at all. Oh hell! I was so bloody dim. Condoms! I didn't have any and had no assurance that any of the guys did either. I told my screen this but got nothing back. Had he gone for coffee and left me blabbing away in the meantime?
Shit! I didn't want to have anal, probably (possibly) ever but, all of a sudden, that option looked way better. Although I thought that you could still pass on diseases and things doing it that way -- something I'd need to double-check -- at least you couldn't get pregnant that way.
One of the things I'd never bothered with was going onto the pill. Firstly, as a virgin I didn't need to -- and while I had a couple of friends that used it to clear up skin issues, I didn't need it for that either. Secondly, my mother was friends with the receptionist at the doctor's. It might well remain confidential that I'd started using birth control, but I wasn't going to risk having that conversation.
At Freshers week, we'd all been given information about local GP's that would take on students arriving at the uni, and I'd fully intended on registering straight away. I'd had other things on in my first week but still wanted to get there soon. I was a mild asthmatic and wanted to make sure I had a prescription for inhalers ready for when I needed it, rather than having to go along last minute and finding difficulties.
I liked being prepared for that sort of thing, but now I was going to have to add going on the pill -- and possibly even the morning after pill -- to my list of preparations. The latter for sure if he took up my initial suggestion of Scott and my pussy. I thought the pill took a few days to get into your system so, if we did it without condoms, I'd need a quick fix.
Most guys had condoms though, right? A rich variety of TV shows had taught me that they always carried one around in their wallets -- just in case they got lucky. I knew that there were loads of them at the Students Union bar as I'd seen a big basket on the counter with boxes of them being given out for free.
How embarrassing to have to go and choose some though, as everyone would know exactly why you were there, and what you were intending to do with them. I was going to be that girl though, and do so tomorrow if I got the chance. I couldn't risk getting pregnant. Sex ed classes hadn't taught much, but I remembered that neither condoms nor the pill was 100% effective. No sex, no pregnancy was the safe way, but I doubted that saying so to my blackmailer would do me much good.
'You will go to Connor and give him a blowjob. You will not take no for an answer but will do whatever is necessary to carry this out. Bring this laptop with you and place it in a position to catch the action.'
On the face of it, this was the least worse option. The lesser of the sexual activities but, for my mind, it was with the greater of the people that I had issues with. I suppose the guy could have ignored my choices and told me to fuck Connor, but that would have been changing the rules of his stupid game.
For a moment, or a few moments, I considered calling his bluff. Getting hold of a phone (maybe borrowing Leanne's again) and calling my dad. Telling him everything. Telling him he raised a twisted, perverted, daughter and she was now in over her head with a blackmailer who was threatening to ruin her life. Any suggestions as to what I should do now?
It was a choice of sucking off a guy you disliked or having all of the stuff sent out to almost literally everyone that you had dealings with. Could the family, could we, could I, survive such an occurrence? And, of course, the blowjob was not where this was going to end. I knew that I was going to have the others enter me as well at some point -- and, presumably, the bastard was going to come into the open in the future and take possession of me himself.
'Whatever happens this evening, be in front of the screen at 10 am tomorrow, and we will pick this back up then.'
Pick this back up! I was half hoping, praying, that this was me done forever. Knowing it wasn't, but still holding on to that thought. That I'd be able to go out in the morning and explain that I'd had some sort of a mental breakdown and didn't really want to be nude in front of them. Or that it was a joke! Hah, hah -- got you! They didn't know me well, so maybe that would work as an excuse!
If this was to continue tomorrow, then I'd have to follow through on this thing -- just in case he found out that I didn't. How that would happen I didn't know -- would he interview (or email?) one of my flatmates to ask their opinion of this new arrangement?!
I needed to find a way out of this before it got too far. (Too far! As if this wasn't already too far!) For the moment though, at least this arrangement in the flat was between the six of us. Although I'd not actually asked them to keep it quiet. Had I? For all I knew they could be texting their friends about this right now -- or would be later. I probably would in their place! First thing tomorrow, I needed to ask for their silence about this!
Of the three of them, at least this was the one I was expecting the least difficulty with. How you go up to someone you don't really know and say 'please do me up the bum' I wasn't quite sure, although that would be easier in a club with a stranger than with a flatmate. Connor though, I was pretty confident, would happily accept a blowjob from me and wouldn't need a great deal of backstory or explanations.
I quietly opened my room door to see if the coast was clear. He had the room second in from the front door, so if anyone was awake and in the living area or kitchen, there was no way I'd get to his room without being seen. Maybe to Dionne's next to me, but not that far. And there was no way I wanted anyone seeing me disappear into his room -- assuming he let me in.
In my head, I was saying that I wanted this to stay private, but that was clearly stupid. Private between me, him, and the laptop that I was taking along to record everything on. And did I tell him that? Was he the sort of person that wouldn't care if a girl recorded herself sucking him off and would be fine with that?
There was a reasonable amount of soundproofing in the rooms, partly provided by the bathroom pods being on the living area side so that they were an additional barrier to extra noise disturbing you. Good planning on someone's part. That didn't mean total quiet but, as I crept along barefoot, I was pretty sure I'd go unnoticed.
I tapped gently at his door, rather than going for a full shave and a haircut knocking -- my usual way of announcing myself. While he had to know someone was there, the others certainly didn't need to know that, and David and Scott, on either side, might hear if I was too enthusiastic. He opened the door, and I stepped inside, gesturing to him to close it behind me.
I knew that talking at a normal level, or even a bit louder, would be fine as the insulation between rooms was good enough to block out most music. So, after putting the open laptop onto his desk and facing it into the room to record us, I turned to him. There was an old James bond actor who could do this quizzical raising of one eyebrow thing and, it turned out, he could as well. A what the heck is happening here then sort of an enquiry.
"I've come to see if you want a blowjob," I said, going for the direct approach. There didn't seem to be any way of dressing it up prettily, so why not. "I've been thinking about it since earlier out there when you were feeling my boobs, and I thought that you might be agreeable. I don't want more than that tonight, but if you want one, then I'd be willing to do it with you. For you. To you."
Bloody hell girl! Shut the heck up! I felt like I was babbling, but it wasn't like I had much (any) practise at this sort of thing. Presumably, if you wanted sex with a guy you could just go over and say 'take me now' or something, but did the same rules apply with blowjobs? They seemed a bit more demeaning as, unless you were getting him to go down on you later, they were a very one-way sort of an activity. He got the pleasure, while you got sore knees.
"This is a bit of a surprise -- I wasn't sure that you fully enjoyed what I was doing with you out there earlier. I'm glad to find that my assessment of you was correct though. You undoubtedly are a slut. What's with bringing in the laptop?"
"I'm using it to record this so that it is a witness, in a way, to what I'm offering, and what you eventually get. I'm willing to give you a blowjob," way to sound reluctant and half-hearted about this girl -- I needed to be more assertive, "I want to give you a blowjob, but I don't want you taking it too far."
"Too far, slut?" He paused after calling me that, watching me flush further, although I wasn't sure that was going to be possible for long. "You strip off naked, wander around the flat, and then let all of us feel you up. Later on, you come in and offer me a blowjob -- and what are the others getting? -- and then you say you don't want it to go too far? I think you are a full-on slut that wants much more than one blowjob. But maybe you don't fully realise it yet?"
"Connor, I am not a slut, okay? I have my own reasons for doing this, and I don't think we need to discuss this any further. You have an attractive, naked, girl, who you enjoyed snogging and touching up earlier, standing right here offering you a blowjob -- so do you want one, or do you want to stand around discussing my personality!"
He was a more thoughtful sort of a man than I'd given him credit for. He should have been all over me, but he stood next to his door thinking this through and just looking. "Yes. You can give me a blowjob. When you admit you are a slut. If not, then you can leave now, and I'll see you tomorrow."
There was no way out of this. It is further degradation, and I know it will lower me in his eyes -- but really, who cares what he thinks of me anyway. I have to do it to protect my wider reputation as I was told to do whatever was necessary. Let's face it, if he wanted anything then I was going to have to do it.
Sticks and stones may break my bones and all that -- calling myself a name, in private, wasn't doing any real harm. Anyway, once this was all over I could always move flat and never see him, or any of them again -- but, for now, I'm under his power, at least partially. Even if he doesn't know it as yet.
"Okay then. Have it your way. Yes. I am a slut. That's why I'm naked. That's why I want to be naked in the flat. That's why I let you all touch me and didn't complain when you raised it even further. I. Am. A. Slut. Are you happy now? Can I just do this and leave please!" This was just humiliating!
"First I'm going to touch you -- wherever I want. Then, once I give you permission, you are going to get down on your knees and beg to suck my cock. Understand slut?"
What I want to say is, 'that's not what I'm offering you here -- you get a standard blowjob or nothing'. But if he called my bluff, and told me to get out, then I failed this task, and the consequences of that are terrible. Worse than letting him touch me. I'd have to backtrack, and he would then know something was going on.
At this time he could tell me to lie down on the bed to be fucked, and I'd have to let him, virgin or not -- as long as I got to give him a blowjob at some stage in the proceedings. That's my objective, so if just getting touched up is the price I have to pay, then so be it.
"I already came in and wanked, twice, thinking about you earlier, so it will take me a little time to get going again. I bet that makes you happy though, doesn't it slut? All the more work for your lips to do getting around my meat, prolonging the experience."
The guy was a class 'A' creep telling me he masturbated thinking of me -- although it was no surprise given the way I'd acted today. Did he think that this talk was going to make it better for me in some way? Was this what he thought a girl wanted? Although, maybe a slutty girl did -- I wasn't one and didn't know. It did nothing to get me going though. Humiliated, even degraded, sure -- but not excited or aroused, which I assumed was what he was aiming for.
At least I thought that I understood how he'd not jumped straight at the chance to take up my initial offer. If he'd already masturbated twice, then his pent-up sexual needs would have been quenched. I'd hoped that he'd be on edge and needing this as much as I did (for different reasons) and would just get on with it rather than making an extra drama out of the situation.
I walked up to him so that I could get on with this thing. I found myself not wanting to say out loud that he could 'touch me wherever he wanted' as he had said, so I went with what might be a universal sign language of submission instead. I stood in front of him and, to keep my arms from interfering with him exploring me, I laced my fingers together on the back of my neck. While technically no more naked than at any other point, I certainly felt more helpless now.
"Good work slut. Now stay like that while I get us both going." Again, I couldn't tell if this was his real opinion, and he thought that touching me up was going to 'get me going,' and what the point of that would be anyway. I'd already declared what I wanted to do -- whether I was 'going' or not seemed irrelevant to me.
Mind you, if he'd already cum twice in the evening, then it was more than likely that he would need some extra help now. He might not even be able to get it up enough for me to start a blowjob. In which case, it did fall to me to provide the additional stimulus needed rather than stand here as if it was the last place on earth I wanted to be -- even if that was perfectly true.
"Yes Connor, I want you to touch my body. I want you to kiss it all over," (and where did that come from?), "So that your magnificent cock is ready for me to get my slutty mouth around. I'm sorry you had to wank alone while thinking of me, but I'll do my best to make it up to you now if I can!"
His first move was to reprise the final position from the living room earlier. Both hands on my boobs, and tongue searching deep into my mouth. A strong, pushing himself on the girl, type move. There must be those out there that liked this sort of thing, but I wasn't one of them. I wanted a bit of a gentle beginning -- something that would, in fact, 'get me going' before he pressed home.
One of the hands at my boobs made its way to my back to pull me tighter into his body, and then to move on down to my butt to get a good feel. If he'd stroked me gently or even just held it, it would have been fine but, when he started slapping me, I had to say something about it. I told him that slaps might leave marks that would be there in the morning for the others to see, and that was a no-no.
I didn't understand the pleasure that one of us was meant to be feeling about the slaps anyway, but something that the others would see, and wonder about, was not a great idea -- from my point of view anyway. He wasn't best please at that but did refrain from adding more, moving his hand round to the front of my body instead.
There was only one place that it was going to head for, and that's what he did. He stopped the rest of what he was doing, placing his other hand across my boobs, and looked me in the eyes as his hand made its way through my pubic hair, and then further down. He spread his fingers so that he was running down the outside of the lips at each side, as well as having at least one going down the middle.
I'd thought that he might stop at my clit, but he was going straight for the main prize. What must have been his middle two fingers -- as I could still feel others on the outside -- went up inside my pussy. It was a while since anyone had done that, and I'd not been expecting it this evening. I was the one supposed to be making the moves, not letting him control me like this.
This was done gently, and, in truth, felt pretty good. He bent in to kiss me again but, rather than on the lips, he started on my ear. Small nibbles and kisses as he worked his way slowly down my neck. This, combined with his hands both gently playing, was having the effect he desired. I did not want this, but there was no denying that I was reacting to his touch.
Damn him to hell! He had reached the bottom of my neck and moved over to my throat. I don't know how it is with a lot of people, but this was certainly one of my most sensitive areas. For the first time I let out a moan. It was completely involuntary, my body was speaking even while my mind was saying no, don't get turned on by him -- stop this now!
I couldn't though. For the moment, I was in his power, and it was feeling damn good. Oh, fuck me! His fingers were still inside me, but what must be his thumb had reached up and hit my clit. Had started gently massaging my clit with the rhythm of his movement in and out of my pussy. The squeezing of my nipple was being done at the same pace.
Suddenly his fingers inside me were moving much easier than before, and I knew, we both knew, that the reason for that was I was lubricating him. I could hear the sounds my pussy was making around his fingers, that horridly embarrassing squelching as he fingered me. No matter how much I didn't want this to happen -- and second by second that was getting harder to remember -- it was my head saying no, and my body wanting a change of mind.
He wasn't just kissing my neck now. He knew that he'd found a good place of attack and he was lightly biting and licking the whole area from my chin to the top of my boobs. I was letting out squeaks and low moans as he progressed and, when he closed over one of my nipples and softly pulled it with his teeth, my whole body gave a shudder.
Oh hell, it was good. Bloody good and, as time was passing, I couldn't help but start to verbalise that. I couldn't help myself and felt simply awful for giving in. The little voice in the back of my head was telling me that I was one of those silly girls in a story that, when she finally finds out about sex, went head over heels for the guy who showed her the way. That voice could shut the hell up!
I'd thought that Connor was a creep, but maybe he just knew what I needed more than I did. He certainly knew his way around my body, and maybe this was what I needed. A teacher that could help me explore this whole area of life that I'd been missing out on. Had been avoiding to some degree. He could make me a better, more rounded, person.
"Oh, yes, Connor, just there, oh shit, yes, please just there. Don't stop sir, please don't stop." The noises from below were getting worse, and I could feel myself building up to a climax, to one hell of a climax. "Oh fuck, please, sir, that's soooo goood, oooh, I need this." He was sucking what felt like almost my whole boob into his mouth, and it was making me crazy as he tongued my nipple in there.
And then he stopped. He stopped everything and just stood there looking at me. Looking at me giving small shudders as my body was still reacting. Looked at me bring my hands down to start touching myself as I needed this. Needed it right now. For a few moments, I was the one doing the squelching as I thrust three fingers as deep inside myself as I could.
I'd never done this when anyone was watching, when anyone could see me anyway, and knew that I should be mightily embarrassed, humiliated even, by doing this in front of a fully clothed boy. One that I barely even knew. Sod that though. The need that I felt coming back to the boil again trumped anything else.
He took my hands away though and put them behind my lower back. Giving me a slight twist, he moved behind me, trapping my arms between our bodies. I could have pulled them out, but I wanted to do things his way. I wanted what he wanted. I wanted him to make me cum. Hell, I needed him to do this!
Pressed up behind me, I could feel that he had an erection, as it was pressing into my butt, and I knew that he must be ready for me to do what I'd come into the room to achieve. Right now though, what he wanted was to show me what I looked like. Each of the rooms had a mirror on the wall near the door. Maybe two-foot wide and four tall, it was set to reach about six feet high so that most people could see themselves in it.
What I could see was my naked body covered with a sheen of sweat. My hair was plastered down with no lift or body in it. My eyes were wide, and my mouth was open to take the fingers that he was offering me. The dirty fingers that he was offering me. What looks like a slut and acts like a slut? The answer to that riddle was Amy. Me. Looking at myself like this there was no question as to why he thought I was a slut.
With him behind me, one arm slightly under my boobs so that he could lift one and caress the other's swollen nipple, he had lifted the other hand from my pussy, making sure that I could see that he'd run it the full length before doing so, and offered his fingers to my lips. To have me do what any good slut should be willing to do.
In some magazine or blog post that I'd read, it had said that every girl should taste her own pussy juices. I couldn't remember at this moment why that was. I could hardly think straight at all at this moment. Maybe just so she knows what it will be like for her man? Maybe just curiosity? I had taken some on a finger and put it to my lips, to give me a slight taste, but done no more than that.
Now I had no hesitation in taking in the two fingers he offered to me, heavily covered in my own sticky secretions. He moved them in and out of my lips, simulating sex or a blowjob, while I used my tongue to clean them off. It was quite a powerful taste, and I couldn't come up with any food or perfume associations to compare it with. Sort of musky, but then not.
Turning my head, he then kissed me deeply, his tongue and mine doing a minor ballet as we both also watched ourselves in the mirror. I wanted him. There was no getting away from the fact that I wanted him inside me. Oh, that stupid small voice was saying this was a bad idea, but what the hell did it know!
I started grinding my butt into his groin to give him a hint. To get him to push me down to the floor and fuck me. There, I'd said it. I wanted Connor to fuck me. To take my virgin pussy. I needed him to fuck me right now. Flat on my back would be great but, if he wanted to do me doggy style so that we were both still looking into the mirror, then I'd not stop him. I'd welcome him in.
My body was trying to drop down to the ground and take him with me, but he was holding me up with the arm under my boobs. Taking his hand from my mouth, he used it to enter my pussy again, and this time I watched myself open my legs wide to welcome him in. An hour ago I'd have hated the very thought of this, but now it was all I wanted in the world.
He whispered the word 'slut' into my ear, and I responded again. "Yes, Connor, yes, I'm your slut, fuck me now, please fuck me, sir, I want you, I want you now, oh yes, keep touching me, please sir, keep doing that!" Hold on -- had I just called him sir? I hoped he'd not noticed, and I'd not do it again, but I really needed this.
"Okay slut," he said, turning us both sideways to the mirror and putting his hands on my shoulders. "This is your big chance. If you want to suck my cock, then you need to get down on your knees and beg for it. You get one shot at this. If I'm not impressed with what you say then you go out of here and will need to find someone else to finish with, so make this good. Once I cum, then you can as well. Not before."
While I knew that this was going to be hideous, demeaning, mortifying, and a dozen other words all meaning the same thing, there was no question of my not doing it. I had to give him a blowjob as my blackmailer wanted that, but, at this moment, it was just as crucial that I had to cum. Pussy fully engorged, nipples enlarged, skin incredibly sensitive, brain on fire. I. Had. To. Cum.