Amy rolled over and kissed Derek on the cheek as he stirred. 'Sleep well?'
'Like a baby.' He said squinting, as his eyes adjusted to the morning sun streaming through the balcony doors.
'I wanted to talk to you about something.' Amy said with no preamble, as she nuzzled in close. She had not slept well.
'Yeah...' he said cautiously, still clearing his head as he woke.
'That thing with the masseuse.'
'Abby?'
'Yes her.' Amy hadn't forgotten her name but was trying to distance herself. Referring to her as the masseuse helped in separating herself from any emotional connection. 'I've never... you know.'
'Never what?' Derek said, knowing full well what Amy was on about but wanted her to articulate the incident.
'I've never made love to a woman before... There I said it. I want to apologise for cheating on you. I'm, I'm so...' Amy said and a tear began to roll down her cheek. 'I haven't slept a wink. Can you forgive me?'
They had not discussed what happen and Amy thought Derek was upset. Derek had a habit of not talking about thing. It was a'we will not speak of this again'philosophy. Amy remembered them having a pleasant dinner, some drinks but the topic was not discussed.
'Oh, honey. It's perfectly OK.' He said and wiped the tear away and kissed her forehead.
'I thought you might have been upset. You never mentioned anything.'
'You usually don't want to talk about our sex afterwards. What did you want me to say?' He said.
'I don't know. Something.' Amy said.
'Did you want me to say that it was the hottest thing I have ever seen when I found Abby growling you out and you were writhing in pure ecstasy. That I was so tempted to stick my cock in Abby as she was bent over.' Derek's cock growing as he recalled the events.
'You should have fucked her but I was glad you fucked me.' She said and noticed the tenting of the sheet so began to slowly rub his dick.
'When I was watching Abby grind her pussy into your face, it took all my powers to resist blowing there and then.'
'Going down on a woman was not as bad as I was expecting. I kind of liked it.' Amy said, licking her lips.
'Perhaps we need to set up some guidelines. So there's no confusion. Like the other person has to be involved or in the room.'
'Agreed and we both have to okay the person or persons.' Amy added.
'Persons? What do you have planned?' Derek said.
'Well, you know.' Amy said. 'You never know.'
'Yes, I guess. Like a couple of Swedish air hostesses.'
'No! I was thinking a couple of guys.' And she rolled on top of Derek.
'Let's worry about that if it arises.' Derek said
'Talking about rises.' Amy said as she slowly slid onto his cock. Amy softly kissing him before nibbling his neck.
Amy slowly rode Derek's cock, grinding her clit against his pelvic bone. Derek reach behind, rubbing his finger at the entrance of her anus. Amy rode him harder. 'Yes, finger my arse.' She said.
Derek inserted his finger as Amy began grunting as she ground away on his cock.
'Oh yes, yes... yes,' she screamed as she experienced an orgasm. Derek following suit, emptying his load. He never lasted long in the morning and Amy knew she could always get a quickie. She sometimes just wanted a quick fuck.
'Mmm. I think I like it when you play with my arse.' Amy said as she lay collapsed against Derek's chest.
'Now that's how to start the day. Maybe I should put something else up there.' Derek suggested.
'No fucking way! You are not putting your cock up my arse.' She said. Immediately feeling guilty and softened her tone. 'It's just you might be a bit big for me.'
'I guess that's my curse, never to fuck you up the arse.'
'You poor bastard. You can fuck me everywhere else.' Amy said pausing as she thought. 'You know who I might like to try.'
'Who?'
'No. No it not important. Forget it.' Amy said, chickening out. 'I'm just being silly.'
'No. Who? Come on tell me.'
'Well... Maybe Pete might be fun.'
'I see. So you have a thing for Pete?'
'Yeah, He is so mysterious.'
'He's not mysterious. He's just quiet.'
Amy ignoring Derek continued, 'how hot would it be to spread my arse and lower myself onto his cock?' Amy said whispering in Derek's Ear. 'Slowly sliding his stiff cock in and out of my virgin arse. Spreading my arse. You watching, envious of him reaming me.'
'God you're a dirty girl.' Derek said as he kissed her. Amy began to stroke his stiffening cock, still slippery from the combination of her pussy juice and his cum.
'Ready to go again big fella?'
'I'm not twenty anymore. Sorry. The mind is willing but the body is weak.'
'Maybe I should find a twenty year old.' Amy said.
'Maybe you should calm down you oversexed floosy.'
'Floosy hey!'
'Yep. But you're my floosy.'
They lay together in quiet thought till Amy, out of nowhere said. 'So how do you get someone to fuck you up the arse? Do you just say something like, Peter, if it is not too much trouble, would you mind shoving your cock up my arse?'
Derek replied, playing the part of Peter, 'And he would reply. Certainly madam. Mind spreading your cheeks.' Derek joked as they laughed, then became serious. 'Although, I would imagine Maggi being cool with it. Let sit on this, pardon the pun, for the moment. I think you are getting ahead of yourself. I'm going for a shower and some breakfast.' Derek said as he pried her sticky hand from his dick. Something he never thought he would ever have to do. 'You sure are a horny this morning.'
'Look newbies.' Amy said as lay in her sunlounge and noticing some untanned guests.
'Now I've never seen that before.' Derek said. 'How far along do you think she is?'
'I would say at least third trimester. My sister was about that big when she was at thirty weeks. I must admit, I have never seen a pregnant woman naked before.' Amy said.
'I know. I don't know how I feel?' Derek said and after some thought, 'it's kind of sexy.'
'I think it is beautiful.' Amy said before adding with a tinge of melancholy, 'I wish we had kids.'
'So do I. It just wasn't meant to be. Your health was more important.'
'The doctor said there was only a slight chance. We should have tried.'
'Any chance was too much. If you had died. I don't know what I would have done?
'You are so sweet.' Amy said kissing him.
'You don't need kids. You've got me.'
'Yes. Yes I do. All men are just big boys who never grow up.'
'Anyway it's all too late now. I'm now shooting blanks after being snipped and if you died, who would do the cooking and cleaning?' he joked
'I take that back. You are not sweet.' Amy said with a smirk.
'Which reminds me. You are not on the pill.'
'I forgot about that. Jeez. I'm just used to only having sex with you. Good point.'
'Think about that before letting some guy stick his dick in you.' Derek said.
'My god. Is there no limits to his depravity!' said Amy turning her attention away from Derek.
Amy and Derek watched as Jonathan approached the pregnant woman, taking a seat next to her. She too was mesmerised by his abnormally long penis. Jonathan spoke for a moment before she slowly leant forward. Her face blank, and slapped his face, hard.
The crack boomed around the pool area. Drawing everyone attention to them.
Jonathan quickly stood and slinked away, holding his red cheek, a distinct hand impression visible.
A small contingent of guests began applauding. This grew and Jonathan picked up his pace, running out of sight.
A Tall man with curly dark hair returned with some orange juices looking puzzled as to the applause. Taking a seat, she explained and the husband spent the next half hour looking around like a meerkat, his gaze darting back and forth. Eventually relaxing as he gave up on his vigil. Derek doubted Jonathon would return any time soon.
'Hello Amy. Derek.' Maggi said as she approached. 'Mind if we join you? I understand we missed some excitement.'
'Hello Maggi.' Amy said and added. 'Hello Pete.' Turning slightly in his direction raising her knee and flicking her beautiful auburn hair back.
Derek thought he heard a slight lilt to her voice when she said Pete's name. She was definitely turning on the appeal.
Pete simply said 'hello' and sat down and as usual laid back immune to her feminine charms.
'Jonathan copped a slap across his face when he tried to proposition the pregnant woman.' Said Amy after overcoming her disappointment of Pete lack of interest. 'Maybe he doesn't like me.' She thought.
'Good for her.' Maggi said.
'Maggi how horny must you have been to allow him to touch you?' Derek said.
'As I said, not my proudest moment. I was young and was caught up in the whole free love thing.' She explained. 'If I can give one piece of advice... Be discerning about who you sleep with. Not that that is a problem for two lovebirds like you. Exclusively devoted to each other. It is a beautiful thing.'
Derek looked at Amy, She was deep in thought. 'So I see you have 'discerned' the young guy over there is acceptable.' Derek said as Amy returned to their conversation.
'He is a tasty man.' Amy said and she noticed Maggi's attention immediately drawn in the direction of the group across the pool as she spoke to them.
'I have a plan.' Maggi said as she again made eye contact with him and smiled, while dropping her legs either side of her lounge, affording the young stranger a perfect view of her partially spread pussy lips. 'He will fuck me by weeks end. He won't be able to resist.'
The young man returned the smile and took his seat, taking a few moments to study Maggi, looking her up and down.
Derek noticed that the resort population worked on a set routine. As did they. Amy and he would sit in the same seat, frequenting the bars and restaurants at the same times. Maggi and Pete would join them around the pool at a similar time. The sandy haired woman would masturbate every morning. And now, a group of four, all in their mid-twenties would sit opposite each morning.
'Amy! I believe your doppelganger is over there.' Derek said tapping her on the shoulder. The young male stranger of Maggi's infatuation was accompanied by a redhead. She was younger than Amy with hair uncannily similar. Her build was voluptuous and also kept her auburn pussy trimmed but bushier. 'She looks just like you but a lot younger. I might have to trade you in for the younger model' Derek teased.
'Good luck old man. I think she's used to a sportier model.' Amy retorted. 'Why would she pass up the sports model she's got for an old clunker like you?'
'I'm not a clunker. I'm classic.' Derek said.
'Classic, right. Amy said and then mumbled, 'more like vintage.' As she laid back, closing her eyes, enjoying the warmth of the sun.
'I heard that.' Derek said as he took in the other couple in the group. It was made up of a thin woman with dark hair. Her thin build accentuating her large firm breasts. Derek noticed she spent most of her time playing with her partner's penis while unashamedly ogling the men as they passed. He was your average young guy except for his thick cock. Her fingers were incapable of meeting as they wrapped his dick. Derek suspected she would fit right in around here, her eyes wide as she took in all that was on offer.
Derek reflected on his situation, he realised that although they had only been at the resort for a few days, he understood why Pete was so relaxed. When Derek had first arrived he too was like the dark haired girl. Afraid to look away, in case he missed something. Now he was becoming desensitised. The daily exhibitionism was just something that took place each day. The new daily event appeared to be Maggi putting on a show for the young guy across from her.
Derek indifferently watched as Maggi stroked her pussy while fixing her gaze on the young man, making it clear who the show was for.
Derek found himself more interested in the human interaction than the actual act itself. As he watched, curious how the younger Amy would take this attention on her man.
His curiosity was quickly answered as she stroked his cock and herself masturbating revealed that this environment was not alien to the pair of them.
He soon shot his load with a short spurts, globs of cum dribbling down her hand. As she wiped her hand clean, she continued watching Maggi as she idly continued to massage her hairy pussy.
Derek heard Maggi's breathing increasing and she was now panting as her fingers enthusiastically worked her clit. Her orgasm enveloped her body, before she fell limp. She simply smiled at the couple, then laid back, closing her eyes as she came down from her euphoria.
Derek saw her clit twitch a couple of time and then realised he was sporting a hard on. He was not as detached as he thought. He looked over at the pair and the Young red head took in his erection and spread her own legs giving Derek a clear view of her glistening pussy lips, teasingly stroking herself. Derek returned the smile and she closed her legs, returning her attention to her friends, but flirtingly returned her gaze briefly with a teasing grin.
Derek and Amy had yet to participate in the exhibitionism around the pool. Realising they fitted into the voyeur category. He wondered if he would ever be able to take that step crossing over to the exhibition camp and have sex in public.
His previous threesome with the masseuse, was the first time he had ever had sex with more than one woman at a time and that was in the privacy of their room, not in the fall view of the pool patrons.
Amy dozed for most of the afternoon, catching up on her lost sleep from last night. It was a classic lazy day around the pool. Derek applying sun lotion periodically to Amy as she alternated, lying on her front and back. Derek put a lot of effort in the application. It became more of a massage than just applying sun screen. Derek teasing Amy by brushing her pussy and arsehole as he went. She again was wearing her butt plug. His attention continually drawn to the sparkle of the gem resting against her arsehole. He was like a bird, attracted to sparkly things and unable to look away. He pulled it out slightly, stretching Amy's hole, before sliding it back in. Amy never flinched as he amused himself.
Maggi asked for some sun lotion as well after watching his technique. Lying on her stomach, he gentle rubbed the lotion into her shoulders. Working his way down and pausing after reaching her lower back. Derek unconsciously applied the cream to Maggi differently. His felt a certain unease. His technique more clinical.
'Don't be shy.' Maggi said. 'You wouldn't want my arse to burn.'
Derek took in the situation. To her left lay her husband and he was about to apply lotion to his wife's bottom. Looking to his right he found Amy calmly watching him. Derek froze, trying to read her face. Amy gave him a smile and a sort of 'What are you waiting for' kind of looks, so he forged ahead, applying a dollop of cream to his hand and boldly applying it to her tanned right buttock.
Maggi's arse was firmer then he had expected for a woman of her age. Focusing on each cheek separately he kneaded away. Each time her cheeks spread he received a glimpse of her arse hole and pussy lips. She lifted her arse slightly as he began to deliberately spread her cheeks, perving on her arsehole puckering invitingly. He was now amusing himself with Maggi's arse. He occasionally rubbed his finger around her rim. Her arse puckering, invitingly.
Amy watched her husband rub his hands over another woman's body. His cock erect as he spent way more time than necessary on her arse. She was surprised how relaxed she was with the whole situation. She found it actually arousing. 'Am I becoming a swinger?' she thought.
Derek chicken out and eventually moved to Maggi's legs and his erection waned, only marginally as he worked her thighs.
Amy saw his hesitation but knew she would be getting some awesome sex tonight.
'How about we spend the day at the beach today.' Amy said before taking another bite of her toast. 'Every morning we go to the pool. Let's mix it up.' She mumbled with her mouth full.
'Fine by me.' Derek said. 'Are you hungry or something?'
'Starving.' She said finishing her toast and now devouring her Danish. 'You kept me up pretty late last night. You said you could cum twice in a night. You've been holding out on me.'
'I was a little horny.'
'You were fucking mega horny after playing with Maggi's arse. I think she could take you up her arse. I bet you wouldn't be the first.' Amy said bluntly.
'Settle down.'
The day had again started with perfect weather. Sunny clear skies and a gentle sea breeze. Derek leant back, sipping his coffee as he watched his wife pack away the food. She had little fat on her so he was always amazed at her ability to maintain her figure. 'Bitch,' he thought. Derek maintained a strict diet and exercise to offset his not always healthy lifestyle.
The restaurant was again busy as guests grabbed a bite to eat before commencing their daily activities.
'I thought you might have wanted to hang at the pool again. You and that young redhead seemed to have a fleeting moment yesterday.' Amy said.
'What?' Derek said feigning innocence.
'I saw her flash her pussy at you, yesterday. What is it with you and redheads?'
'I'm a sucker for a beautiful woman.' Derek said as he watched her stuff some more food in her mouth. A blobs of jam in the corners of her mouth. 'I am just appreciating beauty you know. Isn't that how you describe it when you're ogling men.' He added using her own argument against her.
The beach was quite empty, giving them the pick of the spots. Finding a spot towards the rear of the beach, they found some shade under a group of palm trees. Dropping their belongings, Derek took Amy's hand and they walked down to the water, wading in up to their knees.
'Brrrrr... It's still a little cold to swim.' Amy said as she crossed her arms to cover her erect nipples.
Derek smiled at her embarrassment. All the things they have witnessed and done so far on this trip and she's still shy about her nipples. 'Don't hide them,' He said pulling her arms down, revealing a pair long hard nipples. 'They are a thing of beauty.' And he began to lean down with the plan of sucking one.
'Ease it up. No nipple for you!' She said placing the palm of her hand against his forehead and pushing him away.
Derek took the hint, kissing her cheek instead and put his arm around her waist, pulling her close as he watched the activity off shore.
A couple of catamarans were racing through the water just off shore. A larger yacht further out, gracefully glided across the distant horizon.
'So where do you get the catamarans from?' Amy asked.
'I think you can hire them. Want to get one?' Derek said excitedly. 'Looks like fun.'
Amy watched as one of the catamarans turned, the occupants quickly racing from one side to the other, before hooking their feet in, leaning back and speeding off in the opposite direction.
'Nah, looks like effort. I'm here to relax.' Amy said.
'Okay, fine with me.'
Returning to the shade, Derek cleared the debris and sat leaning against one of the trunks. Amy positioning herself between his legs and resting her head against his chest and they both lazily watched the catamarans sail to and fro. Giggles and cheers faintly heard in the distance as Amy dozed.
They were brought out of their daze by the sounds of laughter and yelling as the catamarans pulled up on the beach in front of them. The sailors disembarked, laughing and joking with each other.
Amy looked at the couples and smiled as she noticed it was the young guy from the pool area.
Sitting up, now alert, she watched as they took off their life jackets and tossed them to the guys who walked off to return them. As the young good looking one passed she squeaked out a 'hi.'
'Hello.' he replied and continued on his way. Amy's gaze followed him as he passed, her attention drawn to his firm arse. After a few steps he turned and they again smiled at each other.
'Come on. Let's make some new friends.' she said as she jumped to her feet and walked towards the shoreline where the two girls sat on the beached sail craft.
Derek stood and stretched. He felt stiff after lying on the sand and was walking like an old man while he waited for his muscles to loosen up. He didn't want to look like some sort of geriatric when he met the younger redhead so forced himself upright puffing out his chest and sucking in his stomach. He laughed to himself, 'maybe I am becoming vintage.'
Amy had arrived and was busily introducing herself when Derek arrived.
'Hello.' He said to the two of them.
'Derek this is Tiffany. And this is Crystal.' Amy said.
'Pleased to meet you. Geez you look alike.' Derek said as he looked between Amy and Tiffany. They were of similar height. Tiffany's breasts were smaller and she was slightly more curvaceous but they could still pass as sisters.
'My god.' Crystal said. 'Look at you two. Twins separated at birth.'
'If that birth was twenty years apart.' Derek joked.
'More like ten, thankyou.' Amy scolded as she pinched his bottom causing him to jump.
'Here comes the guys. John, David, this is Derek and Amy.' Tiffany said.
'Hi. We've seen you around the pool.' John said.
'Yeah we usually hang out at the pool in the morning. David?' Derek said figuring he had a fifty, fifty chance.
'No, I'm John and he's David.'
'He's been called worst things,' David joked.
'So you guys married?' Crystal asked.
'Yes.' Amy said and she squeezed Derek's arm. 'What about you guys?'
'Boyfriend, girlfriend.' John said. 'Crystal is my stepsister.'
'Really! I don't think I could do the nudist thing in front of my family.' Amy confessed.
'We're an open family and she's a bit of a tart.' John teased. 'She roams the house nude all the time. So that's how it all got started.'
'Intriguing.' Amy said. 'What do your parents think of this arrangement? You two walking around naked.'
'Amy, stop being nosy. You don't have to answer.' Derek said.
'No it's okay.' Crystal said. 'My mum, his step mum is all for it. She gets around nude as well.'
'Intriguing' Derek said and Amy elbowed him in the ribs.
'Mum and Dad are divorced.' John said.
'I'm sorry.' Amy said.
'I kind of got Crystal and my step mum Jessie in the divorce.'
'Why don't you guys join us? Derek will get us some drinks.' Amy said.
'Sounds great. John help him.' Tiffany ordered and the three girl walked up the beach.
David alternately looked between the girls and the guys. 'I think I'm with you guys.'
The three of them sat in a circle and were chatting light old school friends in no time.
'So what do you think of the place?' Amy asked.
'It's pretty full on.' Tiffany said.
'I know. This is not how I thought a nudist resort was supposed to be.' Said Amy.
'I think the word is hedonism.' Tiffany said.
'I'm loving it.' Crystal said. 'All these hot men. There's almost more dick than I can handle.'
'Almost hey.' Tiffany said. 'Remember your mother told you not to root every guy.'
'I wasn't going to root EVERY guy.' Crystal said.
'So David's your boyfriend?' Amy said to Crystal.
'Yep. You're thinking how can I sleep with other guys with my boyfriend here?'
'No not at all. I was just confirming, from what I've seen so far, that is par for the course. That couple we talk to next to us at the pool, are married with a similar open kind of relationship. I have quickly learnt not to judge anyone. Not around here.' Amy said.
'Yes that lady is a bit of a...' Tiffany started to say, pausing to find the right word.
'Exhibitionist. I think is the word you are looking for.' Amy said.
'Are you guys talking about Crystal?' John said returning with the drinks.
'No!' Crystal said indignantly.
'We just heard the word, Exhibitionist, so assumed you were talking about Crystal.' David added.
'Ha, ha.' Crystal said.
Tiffany rested her hand on Crystal's shoulder. 'Sadly Crystal. You pale into insignificance compared to some of the people here.'
'Challenge accepted.' Crystal joked.
'No Crystal. No challenge.' John warned. 'Or I'm telling mum.'
Crystal poked out her tongue and screwed up her face.
'Yep brother and sister.' Derek laughed.
They chatted and talked for the rest of the morning, until the clouds moved in. A soft drizzle began to fall. 'It's been nice meeting you.' Derek said as they quickly packed up. 'See you around the pool I guess.'
'Hey drop over if you like after lunch. Bungalow 3.' John said. 'Invite that lady. The one you hang with at the pool. Oh and her husband.'
'Are you sure? We don't want to impose.' Amy said.
'No it's fine. We'll have some drinks tell some stories. No imposition.' Tiffany said.
'Okay, will do. I'll speak to Maggi. Around one?' Amy said without discussing it with Derek.
'Okay see you then.' Tiffany said and they ran off in different directions.
'You are such a social butterfly. I can't believe you just went up a spoke to them.' Derek said as he finished the last of his meal.
'Why not. Everyone here is so friendly. Look there's Maggi.' She said and jumped up to catcher her before she left the restaurant.
'Hello Derek. Didn't see you at the pool this morning.' Maggi said as she joined them at the table.
'I didn't miss any excitement, did I?' Amy asked.
'No all very quiet. Well as quiet as it can be. Still no sign of Jonathan.'
'Young ladies are safe across the resort.' Amy said. 'So where's Pete?'
'Oh, he's playing golf today. He'll be back for dinner.' Maggi said. 'Sadly I didn't see my beautiful young man this morning.'
'By the way his name is John. His girlfriend is Tiffany and he's here with his stepsister, Crystal and her boyfriend David.' Amy explained.
'My, aren't we a wealth of knowledge.' Maggi said. 'Obviously you've spoken to them or you're a stalker.'
'We kind of bumped into them on the beach. They have invited us to their bungalow this afternoon. John invited you personally.' Amy said.
'I would love to come. A shame Pete can't come.' Maggi said. 'I was only going to sit in my room because of this weather. What time then?'
'One o'clock. So we'll see you there.' Amy said. 'Bungalow 3.'
'See you at one.' And Maggi made her way out of the restaurant.
'These are sweet digs.' Derek commented as he knocked on the large wooden door of Bungalow 3.
The bungalows were standalone accommodation set apart from the main building. Positioned in a leafy corner of the resort, affording then some privacy.
'Why didn't we get one of these?' Amy asked.
'Cause they are damn expensive.' Derek said as the door opened and they were greeted by john.
'As a good guest I have brought some drinks. I didn't know what you guys liked so we brought a couple of both.' He said as Amy and himself held out bottles of red and white wine in each of their hands.
'Keep bringing alcohol and I'll keep inviting you.' John said. 'Come in, make yourself comfortable.'
Amy and Derek entered the bungalow, pausing in the main lounge area as they took in the extent of the accommodation.
A large lounge was positioned in a large living area, the room facing a wall of glass doors. The glass doors could be full opened and gave a view of a small private pool in a very private rear yard. The bungalow was a split level and the upper level had the bedrooms of which opened out onto a balcony, overlooking the lounge and kitchen areas.
'This is pretty sweet.' Derek said.
'Yeah, I know. We actually won this holiday. As a university student, there is no way I could afford this room.'
'Lucky you.' Amy said.
'Well, Crystal actually won it.'
'I've never won anything in my life.' Derek said.
'She actually won it in a stripping competition at the local bar.' John explained.
'Wow.' Derek said. 'Intriguing.'
'So where is everyone?' enquired Amy.
'Oh, Tiffany is prettying herself up and I think Crystal and David are still in their room. Is Maggi and her husband, coming?'
'She said she would drop in. Her husband, Pete is playing golf so it'll just be her.' Amy explained.
'Come on let's start with some champagne.' John said and he went to the fridge and removed a bottle and began to open it.
'You're here!' Tiffany exclaimed as she came out of the down stairs bathroom.
Derek and Amy turned and said 'Hi.'
Derek's 'Hi' lingered as his jaw dropped. Her once wavy auburn locks were now straightened.
'Love your hair. Stunning.' Amy said. 'Derek, stop staring.'
'You like?' Tiffany said.
'Stunningly beautiful.' Derek mumbled as he continued to stare.
'God I love your hair that way Tiff.' John said as he came around the counter with the bottle of Champagne and glasses. His dick rock hard but he wasn't attempting to hide it.
'Look at you stud.' Tiffany said. 'He always gets a hard on when I wear my hair like this.' The only other person that affects him like this is David's sister and she pushed on his erection causing it to spring up when she released it.
'Looks like I should give it a try. Derek over there seem to approve also.' Amy said pointing out Derek's erection. Amy suspected Tiffany had straightened her hair to separate herself from Amy's look. 'She was quite open in her relationship with John but a girl still likes to keep her man keen.' Thought Amy
'Two stiffies. Aren't I a clever girl?' Tiffany said. 'Is Crystal and David still at it? They've been fucking for hours.'
'Leave them alone. Might calm Crystal down a little.' John said.
'Really? For hours.' Amy asked.
'That girl is insatiable.' Tiffany said. 'Pour me a drink.'
John finished pouring out four drinks when he heard a knock at the door, so poured a fifth and took it with him as he answered the door. As he open the door he found Maggi standing in the doorway. 'Good afternoon Maggi. Come in.' and handed her the glass of champagne.
'Now this is what I call service. A glass of Champagne served by a gorgeous young waiter and with a glorious erection.' Maggi said as she was ushered past and allowed her hip to brush against his rigid cock as she passed.
'Hello Maggi, my names Tiffany. And you know these guys. Crystal and David will be out later and by the way your waiter is John.'
'Hello all, pleased to meet you. Sorry Pete couldn't make it he's off golfing.'
'To new friends.' John said as he raised his glass and drank it down before anyone had the opportunity to join him. The conversation flowed as freely as the drinks. The coffee table becoming a monument to their consumption.
Suddenly one of the bedroom doors swung open and Crystal emerged, boldly announcing, 'God my pussy hurts. David fucked me good and hard!'
'Crystal! We have guests.' John said.
'Oh right. I forgot. Hello all. My pussy still hurts though.' She repeated, displaying no embarrassment. 'Do I get a drink?'
'If you come and join us.' Tiffany said. 'Is David joining us?'
'He's finishing his shower. We got a bit sweaty and things got a bit messy, if you know what I mean.' She said as she skipped down the stairs and plonked herself next to Tiffany and whispered, 'I was hoping you might rub some aloe cream into my pussy. It's a bit raw.'
Her whispering was not as quiet as tiffany would have liked. Everyone turned to see her response.
Amy was quietly hoping she would agree and the smile on Derek's face told her he was hoping the same.
'Crystal, not now.' Tiffany said and quickly changed the topic. David eventually joined them slipping in close to Crystal and they continued to joke and laugh as the wine continued to flow.
The room filled with the smell of alcohol as the afternoon continued. Amy noticed John slowly getting closer and closer to Maggi. He was getting very touchy, feely and she seemed to be enjoying the attention. The more he drank the flirtier he was getting. He leant over and Amy overheard him say, 'I've enjoyed watching you masturbate for me.'
'I'm glad you liked it.'
'I was hoping you would like to try the real thing?' he said, lifting his cock and beginning to slowly stroke it.
Maggi immediately looked towards Tiffany. Their eyes met and Tiffany said, 'Be my guest.'
'Oh my dear boy. I would love nothing more than for you to fuck me hard, with that glorious cock.'
'I'm sensing a 'but' coming.' John said.
'Sorry, but... my husband and I have an agreement. We don't swing without the other.' Maggi said and looked at his stiffening cock again. 'I'll take a rain check. Hopefully next time I'm masturbating at the pool you might like to join me. I do love a good public fucking.'
'I will hold you to that.' John said.
'Hey, what are you two talking about?' Crystal said. 'I think your boyfriend is hitting on Maggi.'
'Of course he is.' Tiffany said. 'She turned him down.'
'Losing your touch. There was a time when the women couldn't resist him.' Tiffany teased. 'You getting old, John?'
'Oh... It's not that.' Maggi said and again explained her agreement with her husband. 'Trust me it takes a lot of will power and self-control sometimes.' She added, again taking in his penis.
'See that Crystal. Self-control!' Tiffany said. 'Should try it some time.'
'What's self-control?' Crystal jokingly replied knowing she would be fucking his light out if she had the chance.
Amy was fascinated by to openness of the group. She was not surprised regarding Maggi, but found the dynamic with John and Crystal mesmerizing. Amy suspected John and Crystal were closer than they let on.
Amy noticed she had an admirer as well. Tiffany edging closer and closer the more she drank. Amy felt Tiffany's warmth as she now sat against her, their bodies touching her hand resting high on Amy's thigh.
'You are a lucky man Derek.' Tiffany said. 'Amy is a beautiful woman.' And she ran her hand across her belly, brushing against her pubic hair. Amy's pussy tingled at her touch.
'I am lucky. She is a truly stunning lady.' Derek said as he took in the vision before him. Tiffany had locked arms with Amy. They had been talking and chatting like close friends. Derek suspected the alcohol was loosening thing up but he had a distinct impression Tiffany had her eye on his wife. He shifted in his seat attempting to hide his excitement at the thought.
He was brought out of his fantasy when Tiffany piped up saying, 'Gentlemen, I do believe we are out of wine.' She said as the last drops dripped into her glass.
The four ladies quietly stared at the guys. 'Come on guys let's get some more grog.' John said. 'I can take a hint. My shout.'
Derek leapt from the sofa, 'come on then let go. David you coming?'
The three guys headed for the door. 'Be back soon. You girls enjoy you girl talk.' Derek said as he closed the door behind him.
Crystal moved in close, nuzzling in next to Tiffany. The four of them continued to chat with crystal openly fondling Tiffany's small breasts, Tiffany's nipples harden at her touch.
Tiffany's hand slipping between crystal's thighs. 'Would you like to me to rub that cream in now?'
There was no verbal reply but her immediately spread her legs and handed Tiffany the cream was more than enough for Tiffany to proceed.
Amy's pussy continued to tingle as she watched, mesmerised.
Applying a dollop of the gel to her fingers, she then smeared it over Crystal's pink pussy. Crystal sighing at her touch and tilted her head back.
Amy knelt on the lounge her legs spread as she watched Tiffany's expert hand pleasure her boyfriend's sister.
Tiffany directed her to lie lengthways on the lounge as she continued to massage the red raw pussy. Tiffany then moving around and straddling crystals face and was quickly rewarded with an expert tongue.
Tiffany moaned as she reach out continuing to massage. Her moans grew as she lost interest in Crystal pussy and rode her tongue, head now back as pleasure washed over her. Her hips thrusting and she began to knead Crystal's glorious breasts.
Tiffany reached down and pulled her pussy lip wide allowing Crystal greater access and her moans heightened in unison with her thrusts.
Maggi quietly sat on the lounge opposite. One foot raised as she played with herself. Quietly rubbing her pussy. Content to watch the show.
Amy not content with her view, stood and moved to stand beside the pair, continuing to manually service herself and teasing her nipples. Mimicking the action before her.
Tiffany pinched Crystal's nipples hard, her cries of pleasure, muffled as Tiffany forcefully ground across her tongue.
Releasing Tiffany the pair sat up and kissed passionately, Tiffany tasting herself on Crystal's lips.
Amy's left foot was now raised, resting on the edge of the lounge, affording her greater access to her sopping pussy. Her right hand busily rubbing her pussy, while her left index finger explored her own arse.
The two girls then interlocked their legs. Their pussy met and they began to grind, thrusting their hips as they moaned loudly and occasionally kissing.
Amy again repositioned herself to get a better view and the pair turned their attention to Amy. Four fingers inserted deep into her cunt. Their eye contact only heightening her excitement.
Amy leant in and kissed Tiffany, the three of them alternately kissing each other. Then Tiffany pulled Breaking free Amy stepped up behind and began to fondle Crystal's large breast, her nipples still hard. Amy had been dying to get her hands on these since she first saw them. 'If Derek could see me now.' She thought as she now sucked and nibbled her nipple.
'Harder Amy.' Crystal ordered. 'Punish them.'
Amy bit harder onto her nipple and Crystal squealed. 'Yes that's the way.'
The girls separated and Tiffany forcefully pushed Crystal onto her back. Amy grabbed her ankles, pulling her legs back, folding her in half.
Tiffany dove into her pussy, Crystal screaming as she relished the tongue flicking across her clit while having her cunt finger fucked with one and then two fingers as her screams heightened.
'Oh god, oh god.' She screamed as Tiffany feverishly licked and worked her cunt. Lapping at her clit.
Crystal let out one last scream and tensed as she climaxed, her legs twitching as the orgasm overwhelmed her. Her clit pulsing as the last of her orgasm faded.
Amy now wanted nothing more than to taste Tiffany. She lowered her onto her back and gently began to stroke her clit while kissing her. Tiffany moaned from her touch. Amy ran her fingers sideways across her clit. Her fingers rapidly flicking her clit and Tiffany let out a string of expletives as she gripped the lounge, arching her back.
Lowering her mouth to Tiffany's pussy, Amy replaced her fingers with her tongue, flicking rapidly against her swollen clit as the expletives continue to flow.
While her tongue maintained a rampant onslaught to her clit she inserted two fingers into her pussy and slipped a third up her arse as she massage her g-spot.
Amy had thought Tiffany was loud before but the moaning and screaming to follow was a cacophony moans and expletives as her pussy was both orally and physically pleasured.
'Fuck, fuck fuuuuuck.' Tiffany screamed 'Yes, yes... yes. Oooooh yes... Fuuuuuuuck!'
As Amy focused on Tiffany's pussy she felt the warmth of Crystal's touch as her arse cheeks were parted and she began to lick her arsehole. Her tongue darting in and out as jolts of pleasure shot through her body.
Amy maintained her focus and Tiffany's orgasm was one of the most intense climax Amy had ever witnessed as a gush of fluid spray her face, Tiffany shrieking, arching her back as she fell silent before slumping limp onto the lounge.
Amy sat on the floor, fluids running down her body.
'Crystal, I believe we have been neglecting our guest.' Tiffany said.
They assisted Amy back up onto the lounge, sitting abreast of her they took turns sensually kissing and licking her face, cleaning her as Tiffany rubbed her sodden pussy, slipping her finger in.
Amy was then guided onto her back as Tiffany again interlocked her legs and she ground her still soak pussy against hers. Amy moaned as she felt their clits touched.
Amy's face was then straddled by crystal and she eagerly tongued her clit. Sucking hard on her clit as she enjoyed the sensation of Tiffany's attention.
Climbing off, Tiffany lowered her face to her willing pussy, slowly and deliberately licking the length of her cunt. Amy's clit pulsing with each pass. Her arse was then invaded as Tiffany inserted her fingers while continuing to her slow teasing licks. Amy's cries of pleasure muffled as Crystal began to ride her face harder.
Even Crystal's pussy pressed against her face couldn't stifle the squeal that escaped her mouth as she climaxed, her orgasm washing through her body as she lost all sense of the world around her.
She lay lifeless for several moments regaining her composure.
Tiffany lay next to her and they softly kissed. 'Sorry about the language.' Tiffany said.
'She's a bit of a screamer and a potty mouth when she's aroused. Oh, and she's a bit of a squirter.' Crystal said.
'I noticed that.' Amy said.
'Sorry about that.' Tiffany said and again gently kissing her.
'Young ladies.' Maggi said. 'That was amazing.'
They had all forgotten about Maggi. Totally caught up in moment. 'I'm sorry you couldn't join us,' said Tiffany.
'Maybe next time. Look at you Amy. Imagine if Derek saw you now. Covered in...' Maggi paused. 'I guess covered in Tiffany.' And they laughed.
'True. Can I take a shower?' Amy asked.
'Better still. Who's for a swim?' Crystal asked and she ran for the pool. 'Last one in's a rotten egg.'
The remaining three strolled out to the small private pool.
The rear yard was a small private area with succulents across the rear wall and a small in ground pool surrounded by a manicured lawn. To one end a pristinely clean BBQ sat under a small gazebo.
Amy lowered herself into the refreshing water and floated on her back. Her pussy still tingling.
The rain had cleared and the sky was again clear with only the occasional cloud crossing the sky. 'What's with this squirting thing?' Amy said, 'How do you do that?'
'Some girl can and some girls can't.' Maggi said from a sun lounge. 'I know I can't. Oh how I've tried.'
'It's just something that happens. When you fingered my arse it was destiny.' Tiffany said.
'We're back!' John yelled as he walked through the lounge room toward the rear yard. 'What an epic effort that was. I hope you girls weren't bored while we were gone.'
'No, we kept ourselves busy.' Tiffany said with a sly smile. 'Did you get some more wine?'
'Eventually.' Derek said. 'Trust me. It can be hard to get wine around here at times.' And he dove into the water coming up in front of Amy. 'Miss me?'
'We had a great... Time while you were gone.' And she kissed him.
Derek immediately experienced the distinct taste of pussy. He gave Amy a knowing smile and kissed her harder, his tongue exploring her mouth.
'I would like to thank you for a wonderful afternoon.' Maggi said as she climbed out of her chair. 'I better see if my husband is back.
'Thanks' for coming. Hope to see you around the pool.' Tiffany said.
'Yes I hope to as well.' And she headed for the door. As she passed John she whispered. 'You owe me some cock stud.' And she ran her hand across his cock before exiting.
They sat around the pool on the sun lounges while Crystal sat on the edge of the pool dangling her legs into the water while David leant back, between her legs.
'I understand you won this trip, Crystal.' Amy said.
'Yes. I won it in a stripping contest.' Crystal said.
'I don't think it was your stripping that won it.' John corrected.
'Yes it was.'
'Okay sounds like a good story.' Derek said. 'Do tell.'
John cut Crystal off. 'I'll tell it. Your version sound more like some cheap porn movie as you embellish everything.' John paused as he gathered his thoughts. 'We were at the local bar just having a few drinks. Crystal noticed the posters for a miss nude competition happening in a few weeks. As a sort of preamble they were holding an amateur stripping completion.' John began to explain as he set the scene...
...The crowd gathered around the keyhole shaped stage. The black velvet curtain parted as a man dressed in a black tuxedo with no tie, came out on stage.
'LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. Tonight we bring you some of the best amateur stripperS we could find.'
The room filled with applause. John looked around the room and was amazed to find an even mix of both men and women. He always found men more interesting in stripping than women. He was still a little surprised that Crystal had agreed to compete.
'FIRST PRIZE WILL BE A WEEK AT XANADU COVE RESORT.'
Again the room filled with cheers and applause.
'YOU WILL DECIDE THE WINNER BY WAY OF YOUR APPLAUSE. NOW ENOUGH WITH THE TALK. LET'S GET ON WITH THE SHOW.'
Once more cheers filled the auditorium as he introduced 'CHARLENE!'
Charlene dance nervously and finishing with her panties still in place. The MC then called for another round of applause before announcing, 'GABBY!' then 'HELEN!' and then 'INGRID!'
All the girls did quite well considering they were not seasoned strippers. The MC stepped back on stage and announced, 'NOW FOR OUR FINAL CONTESTANT. I WOULD LIKE TO INTRODUCE CRYSTAL!'
John, Tiffany and David screamed as loud as they could. Hooting and whistling as she entered the stage. Crystal stripped like a pro, slowly peeling her clothes and engaging the audience as she went. As per usual Crystal was not wearing underwear so once she removed her tank top and skirt, she ended up naked a lot quicker than the previous contenders.
To compensate for the reduced stripping time, she began to perform naked. John was amazed at how supple she was. Doing the splits and various high kicks. Another split found her on the floor, she rolled to the side of the stage stopping in front of a group of young guys. Rolling onto her back she stretched her legs high and locking them behind her shoulders. Her pussy and arse on full display, only feet away from the audience. A young guy jumped forward and buried his face into Crystal's pussy. Crystal simply pulled his head hard into her cunt as the audience erupted in to cheers, whistles and applause. The MC and security soon arrived tearing the man away from her pussy and escorting her back stage as she bowed to the applause...
'They tried to disqualify her but the risk of a riot dissuaded them. The vote was pretty one sided.' John explained. 'The Gabby girl was not happy. When she called Crystal a filthy slut the security had to keep them separated.'
'Hey. No one said you couldn't allow audience participation. Anyway we won.'
'Now we can't drink at that bar anymore.' Tiffany said.
'Yes we can.' Crystal said. 'We weren't banned. You guys are just embarrassed.'
'My god,' Amy said. 'What a story. On stage. You let a complete stranger... you know.'
'Just like this,' Crystal said as she turned David's head and steered his face into her pussy. David was keen to comply as she lifted her legs. Locking them behind her arms.'
'Intriguing.' Derek said as his cock stiffened. 'She is a flexible girl.'
'Hey Crystal. I thought your pussy was sore.' John said as she lay on her back, enjoying David's tongue.
'Tiffany rubbed some aloe gel on it. It's okay now. Oh yes... that's the spot. That's the boy.'
'Oh, did she?' John said knowingly and looked at Tiffany with and accusing stare. 'What in front of our guests?'
Derek laughed. 'It's okay. I do believe it was notin front ofbut morewith.'
John paused for a moment before saying, 'and I wasn't invited.'
'I'm sorry.' Tiffany said 'Sometimes girls just want to have fun. Perhaps I need a spanking.'
'Maybe later. You dirty minx.' John said.
Crystal was now in the water riding David's dick.
'Oh to be young again.' Derek said as he watched the frenzy of water.
'My goodness,' Amy said. 'I can't believe they are at it again.'
'Crystal has an insatiable sex drive. Luckily David can almost keep up.' John said. 'They have an open relationship so she... supplements her encounters.'
'That's a polite way of putting it.' Amy said. 'Oh that reminds me. Have you met Jonathan yet?'
'The guy with the massively long weird looking dick.' Tiffany said.
Crystal and David were now fucking with gay abandon. 'David, don't cum in the pool. Some poor bastard has to clean that.' John said and returned his attention to Amy.
Amy paused as she thought about what she washed off in there before returning to the conversation. 'Yeah he's the one. Apparently bad news.' Amy explained.
'I told him to piss off. I don't know about Crystal.' Tiffany said.
As they talked David and Crystal climbed from the pool and she bent over bracing herself against the BBQ, as David ponded her pussy, grunting as he fuck. Derek watched with fascination as they openly fucked. With no remorse as the company around. Derek noticed John to watching with interest. His penis erect.
'I'll warn her.' Tiffany said as they heard a roar and David filled Crystal with his cum.
'You can lick me clean now boy.' Crystal said as she turned to face him and propping herself up on the BBQ. Cum dribbling onto the hotplate.
'Really, we're supposed to eat of that.' John complained.
'Shut up John. You don't mind doing it on the kitchen table at home.' Crystal rebutted as David lapped at her cum filled pussy.
'Well on that note. I think we better get going. Thank you for a fantastic afternoon.' Amy said.
'We'll see you around the pool.' Derek added as he shook John's hand. 'Say goodbye to those two for us will you.' And then kissed Tiffany on the cheek. He felt her hand wrap around his cock.
'I definitely hope so.' Tiffany whispered.
'Amy kissed john on the cheek and went to do the same to Tiffany but she deliberately turned and kissed he passionately.
'See you tomorrow.' Tiffany said and smacked Derek on the bum as they made their way to the door.