( NOTE : This story closes out 2019 my friends. While it might not appear until 2020 begins it was entered on 12/31/19 at 7:10 PM. Counting every story I have written this year this marks #98. Almost 100. Some of those stories are in inventory for a later date but they are ready. I want to thank all of my followers on here, including those just finding me and wish everyone a Happy New Year. A special shout out to my friends here on Literotica in Katie, Connie, Sanchez, and Jennifer. Your friendship and suggestions have been invaluable. Much love people. See you in 2020 first light. Zen )
=====================
"Love ya Sweetheart."
Ordinarily kissing her man goodbye was hard. Never wanting to be alone while he was gone over the road for three weeks driving his Big Rig. Now however as much as she missed Dixon Moretti she was equally glad to be rid of him. Now that her life had changed dramatically she required freedom to be herself. Sure Christina had taken huge risks while Dixon was home, letting the neighborhood boys fuck her silly in her own home, Dixon's home technically. At any time Dixon could have caught her, heard her moans, screams, even the boys nutting at the top of their lungs. Now that the neighbors had won her over there was no stopping her nymphomania. Facing facts Christina Holly needed dick 24/7, the more the merrier.
"Drive safe Baby. I'll see you in three weeks. Send me pictures of Montana." Standing on her front lawn watching him drive off in his second of two pickup trucks, off to his Semi storage lot, she waved until he was out of sight. Giving him a few minutes to make certain he wasn't returning Christina Holly stripped naked right on the curb, she had only been wearing a tank top and baggy shorts anyway. Hopping about in her excitement to be free again she heard whistles from every direction. Darting her gaze toward each one she found her lovers stepping from their homes. Two from right beside her house who had been window peeping until Dixon and Christina had came outside. They had observed her sucking Dixon's cock in the living room one last time before he had to hit the road. That was just her appetizer. The main course was delivering from all directions. Surrounded in minutes by seven boys they pawed her up and kissed every inch of her body. She had never felt so desired.
"I've missed you all."
"You just had some of us last night when Dixon went to the grocery store." Tucker Randell, one of her most loyal lovers chuckled.
"He needed supplies for his trip."
"We bought supplies too. Baby oil and a dildo for each of your holes."
"For meeeeeeee?" She laughed and acted surprised.
"Even better. I invested in Hitachi." Greg Hogarth revealed a high powered wand. She bulged her eyes at its size. "Everything is bigger in Texas." He laughed.
"I like bigger."
"Awesome. We planned out a party tonight. Theo's parents went to Dallas for some auction so he's having a kegger. You're getting out of the house. Lots of new guys for you to pleasure."
"Yay!" She pats her palms together rapidly offering a brilliant grin of pearly whites.
"Only one thing." Greg pauses her reaction.
"Tell me."
"You leave your clothes at home. You're walking six blocks to Theo's house totally nude in broad daylight."
"I can do that. I'm not as insecure of my body anymore. You guys make me feel so sexy these days."
"You've always been sexy Christina." Mike acknowledges what everyone was thinking. You just have an Amazon build, you're not fat."
"Awww! That's why I can't tell any of you no. Not ever."
"Good!" Greg handed his wand over to Chad then dug into his pants pocket. Pulling out a choker he shows it to her. It was white lace and had a black cameo on the throat area. She admires it as he shows it off to her. "From now until Dixon returns you wear this choker. It defines our ownership over you. Note the cameos engraving?" She reads it while her breasts are fondled. "It says OUR WHORE."
"I'm getting goosebumps." Once spoken Tucker sticks his finger in her ass. Letting out a fun loving yelp she adds, "Goosed even."
Even while three boys were kissing on her she stood tall and let Greg collar her. This was a magic moment indeed. Christina Holly was dripping wet as boys rubbed her slippery clit.
"Swear your loyalty." Vince tugged her hair from behind.
"I swear I will always be the best whore in Austin. I will satisfy all of you and more. Love me."
"We all love you Christina. Go inside and get cleaned up. Smell delicious, taste even better." Greg prompted her as Vince let her hair go and the others moved aside from touching her. Taking her leave she felt a rubber dildo aim at her ass crack making her squeal and race away laughing. The guys had her ecstatic.
"She should feel good tonight..." Vince lifted a baggie with a few hits of acid in it. "Should we?" The consensus was mixed but the vote led to do it. Everyone wanted to see her high on life. High in general.
Greg Hogarth the official leader of the neighborhood watch's darker level had more brilliant ideas brewing, "Shawn! Go into Christina's house and keep her company for a couple hours. I've got some crazy ideas for Theo's party, gotta run them by him. Do whatever you have to do to keep her busy without her questioning things. I'll text you when you can bring her outside again. Mike? You two seem to be in favor of pampering her so go with Shawn. Don't fuck her, save her strength."
"On it." Mike patted Shawn to take their leave.
"Tucker? Head for your house and I'll text you things I know you have to bring to the party."
"Gone!" Tucker turned and sprinted for home, right next door to Dixon's house. At least his Dad wouldn't be there to question him, he was at work.
The rest followed Greg six blocks down to Theo's crib. A lengthy talk with Theo and his older brothers led to laughter. Calls were made. The massive fenced in backyard was partially set up as is with a firepit and seats, a horse trough clean and ready for ice to get beer kegs cold which the older brothers were going after shortly. Within thirty minutes every plan came together.
Back at Christina's forty minutes earlier, Shawn and Mike barged right in as Christina prepared for a bath, waiting on her water to fill the tub. Hearing the front door open she peered around to see Mike and Shawn walk right into her bedroom. Smiling brightly she welcomed them with enthusiastic hugs. Both boys enjoyed her body pressed against theirs, their hands rubbing her back and squeezing her ass.
"We snuck over to help you get ready. Just so you know we don't agree with Theo, you deserve pampering for all that you do for us. So always know we're here to make you feel good...without the sex."
"Awww! I don't mind that at all. I love being pampered." She kissed Shawn on the cheek then just as swiftly turned to offer Mike his own.
"We can bathe you. Give you a massage to loosen you up." Mike offered.
"I notice your pubes still haven't been shaved. Let me shave you." Shawn countered his own long standing desire to see her baby soft.
"Promise not to cut me with the razor?"
"Need your legs shaved too?"
"If you want. Just be careful."
Mike winced with worry, "Dude! Don't scar up the hot girl."
""I won't. Give me a break I have a steady hand."
"Says the cock stroker." Mike joked and dodged Shawn's pitiful attempt at a punch.
"Waters ready." Christina turns and wiggles away, her extra effort ass cheeks dancing from side to side saying, "Watch me." ,with every lift and fall. Bending over to shut the tub faucet off her clam added it's own welcoming wink of, "Down here." The boys just drooled. Stepping into her bathwater she relaxes and soaps up her luffa.
"Who washes my upper body and who washes my lower body?"
"Upper!" Mike called it, not particularly wanting to clean her asshole. Shawn was fine by that. He intended to shave her privates anyway. Both boys dropped to their knees beside the tub and Mike assumed control over washing her neckline first, then down over her monster tits, She lay back and let him do the heavy lifting to clean below them. It was amusing to her, he even went so far as to pinch her nipples hard and lift her mounds at the same time. Her sweet yelps led to laughter.
Watching for awhile Shawn looked around and located a can of shaving cream on the sink top. Christina advising Shawn that new razors were in the cabinets below the sink. Preparing everything Shawn pondered where to do the shaving. He knew as a novice groomer that he needed room to be careful. Sensing his thoughts Christina leaned forward so that Mike could wash her back gave while giving him an idea.
"You can shave my legs here in the tub, but I'll lay out a towel on my bed so I can spread my legs for you to shave my pussy. Go to the kitchen and get a large bowl, they are up over the stove."
"Got it." Shawn quickly ran through the house and located a large green plastic bowl that was transparent. Returning with it he used the bathroom sink to fill the bowl with hot water.
"You should paint your toenails." Mike noticed when her foot playfully lifted from the water, they were dull and in need of a new color.
"You can paint them while Shawn shaves me. I'll need to stay really still anyway."
"Shit! I'd end up painting your whole toe." Mike laughed about it, that mission was a little too girly for him.
"I can do the nails too." Shawn shook his head as Mike mouthed the words, "Gay!" toward Christina. She knew different, Shawn was just a perfectionist. She adored Shawn. "Wash her hair too."
"I can skip that, I washed it earlier before Dixon got up. I had cum in my hair like crazy when some of you guys took me beside the house."
"Smells good, just needs brushed out maybe." Mike shrugged convinced that he was done bathing her from pits to belly button. "You're up Buddy." He stood up to stretch and take his shirt off, it having gotten wet in washing her. She nibbled her lip eying his chest, although lanky he had definition.
Shawn stripped down and just crawled in with Christina as she repositioned to her knees with her large luscious ass in Shawn's face. Soaping the luffa Shawn parted her butt cheeks and cleaned her ass and snatch really well. The sensitivity of his rolling the luffa across her clit from underneath made her hold the wall behind the tub, trying not to splash. Mike sitting on the tubs edge made eye contact with Christina as Shawn continued crossing her clit numerous times, digging the luffa deep between her labia, a finger pushing up into her each time just to watch her tremble and moan. Leaning near her face Mike grinned, "You can't get enough of us can you?"
"No I can't. I love all of this attention."
"It's not gonna stop anytime soon Princess." He places a finger under her chin as she melts in expression. "Getting tired of having six to ten dicks a day?"
"Never. I wish it were more." She panted biting her lower lip at the sensations Shawn was mounting on purpose.
"Well then tonight's your night Christina. Theo's party has a Plus Ten clause."
"All men?"
"Not this time. We know a few other hot sluts. It's time you made a few new friends don't you think?"
"I-I've never been with another woman."
"Maybe it's time."
"I really like dick." She pouts. "I...don't want to share any of you. I need all of my guys."
"Center of attention?"
"Yes. Can...I be...tonight?"
"I'll text the gang and see if they can arrange that."
"You see her pep up when you said gang?" Shawn laughed.
"She likes our gangbangs."
"VERY MUCH." She sighs and misses the luffa as Shawn washes her legs and thighs. Sitting back down in the water she lifts her legs for Shawn to finish her up, even between her toes. Another fifteen minutes spent carefully shaving her legs Shawn proved his talent. Not one knick. Christina was impressed.
"Metallic red." Shawn holds her left foot examining her toes. "I noticed the colors you have on your bedside stand. Let's paint these metallic red."
"You're the boss." She shyly grins.
"WE'RE THE BOSS." Mike corrected her.
"Yes. All of you are." She bats her lashes.
Mike stands to acquire a towel to dry her as she rises from the water and steps out. From head to toe they dry her together, Shawn using a second towel. With no text from Greg yet they move to her bedroom and lay out her towels over her bedding. Sitting down on the towels she lays back and spreads her legs for Shawn. Carrying the water bowl, shaving cream and razor, Christina advises him to get a tiny pair of scissors from her side of the sink to trim the longer pubes before the actual shaving, Mike bringing them to Shawn instead, changes his mind and does the hedge trimming. Shawn laughed and mouthed the word, "Gay." to Christina. She smirked and kept the word that both had silently shared about each other to herself. Again, she knew different.
"There! All yours Groomeo." Mike pats her clit briskly to make Christina flare her eyes. Stepping away Shawn pelts her pubes with handfuls of water to dampen the area, then applies lather rolling it all over the scope of her passion pit, even smoothly creaming her labia and inner thighs. Razor poised Shawn sets out in shaving her, getting the easier parts done fast before having to use precision around her clitoral hood and exterior lips. Mike was pretty impressed with his friend. Moving deeper below Shawn even removed a few stray hairs around her succulent butt pucker. Silky everywhere without a single raised irritation Christina Holly felt herself up in honor of his gifted removal. "Damn! Good job. That pussy looks Frenchable."
"I was thinking the same thing." Shawn tossed the razor in the bowl and even with traces of lather still on her buried his face in her pussy and ate her out. Squirming with diligent moans Christina enjoyed his feast. Mike wanting in dropped to his knees and went in tongue licking at her clit. With both boys mouths so close together their thoughts were on target, "GAY!" Yet both joined forces as best as they could in making her squirt. Christina palmed her breasts and loved their dueling appetites. Only a text on Shawn's phone ended their dining palate. Mike used a towel to clean her pussy while Shawn got up and went into the restroom to dig his cell out of his pants pocket.
Reading Greg's text of, "Almost ready." Shawn got dressed and stepped out before relaying a second message. To his shock he found Mike painting the toenails on Christina's left foot, doing a good job at that. "Greg says the beers cold and the bands setting up."
"There's a band?" Christina lifts her head trying not to jar Mike's painting.
"Yep. Theo went all out."
"What kind of music?"
"Pretty much everything. Band is called Pollas Locas. It means Loco Dicks."
"Mmmm! They sound fun."
"College garage band. I've heard them play they're good. They know a lot of songs but just the guys are just starting out so they need practice. What do you expect for free?" Mike chuckled lifting his polish brush from her last nail on her left foot. Moving to the other foot he sucks her toes first just for the hell of it. She giggled at being ticklish. Drying her toes right after he continued painting. It took Shawn to locate cotton to put between her wet toes, Mike was such a novice.
Another ten minutes to do her fingernails she was done, all cotton balls discarded. A quick once over on her fingernails by Christina herself she looked stunning. Brushing out her curly brunette hair in a mirror until satisfied, her final primp leading to perfume and deodorant. Mascara on her lashes Christina was ready.
"You own heels?" Shawn looked through her closet.
"Not really." She frowned joining him at the door, bending down to look for a pair of dress shoes that might be fitting. While exploring both Shawn and Mike rubbed her ass. "Will these work?" She lifts up a pair of black pumps with a shallow heel. Shaking their heads negatively she tossed them back into the closet. "Dixon doesn't take me anywhere to have anything too dressy. I'll look online and buy a couple pairs for another party."
"Doesn't help now. It's a long walk to Theo's and going barefoot will get your feet dirty." Shawn scowls.
"We have to get moving while it's daylight. The guys wanted Christina to walk nude before it got dark." Mike pointed out.
"Sandals?" She improvised.
"Better than nothing." The boys agree as she slips on a pair of white strapped sandals. At least her toes were dry. "Put your choker on." Mike handed it to her and assisted her in fastening it around her throat.
"I love my choker."
"You look sexy as fuck Christina." Shawn whistles.
"I feel sexy as fuck." She giggles, "I'm so horny right now. Quickie?" She suggests.
"No time. We'll fuck the dog shit out of you at Theo's."
"How many men will be there?"
"It matter?"
"No. Lots I hope."
"We bought condoms and spread the word to bring more. We need to protect you better."
"Awww! I prefer no condom but you're right. Thank you."
"Don't wanna knock you up." Shawn admitted.
"That would not be good. I am on birth control though."
"Not many guys have sense enough to pull out." Mike commented. "Me? I like cumming in you."
"I like it when you cum in me. If I could everyone would."
Another text from Greg tells them he and Tucker were outside with his cousins. "Time to take a walk Gorgeous." Mike pats her ass to begin walking toward the front door. Before going too far she races back for two bottles of lube hoping that would be enough. Having stocked up she had six bottles. Mike walked around her for two more bottles and her baby oil, "Just in case." She had to giggle. On the porch Mike stopped her as she waved at her entourage on the sidewalk. Dousing her in baby oil all over he and Shawn made her extra glossy for the walk. Slapping her ass Mike sent her down the steps and waltzing proudly right up to Greg.
"There's our slut."
"I'mmm here." She gets bubbly shaking her monster melons for Tucker's cousins. Hopping in step she felt the evening breeze excite her nipples.
"Start walking. Six blocks straight, two blocks left. Nothing makes you hide. Be proud and flaunt that hot body of yours." Greg insisted.
"What if the cops drive by?"
"Blow them kisses."
"Bail money?" She giggles.
"MOVE YOUR ASS WHORE!" Greg slapped her ass really hard making her jump. Immediately she took the lead. The boys hanging back to enjoy her prance. "Fuck that ass is hot."
"I love big curvy asses." Derek chuckled.
"I love big bouncy tits."
"I love Christina." Shawn added as they begin walking after her. She had a full block lead ahead of them.
All alone Christina darted her eyes everywhere with gnashed teeth, praying she could make the walk without trouble. Cars drove by whistling. Parents seeing her rush young kids inside. She felt badly but the strange part was their Mother's actually waved at Christina rather than yell at her. She never realized just how fucked up her neighborhood was. Coming toward her was a middle aged man walking his English Bulldog. Sizing her up the man rubbed his chin and said, "Nice evening."
"Isn't it?" She jostles her breasts just for him then stops to crouch and pet his dog. That gave the man time to admire her ass. "He's adorable." She looked up at the owner.
"Yeah, he's a hand full."
"I bet he is." Her hand instantly rose to rub the man's cock through his khaki's. That made the dog whine. Both dogs. Seeing the boys coming up behind her he swallows and takes his leave. Hopping up in a playful mood Christina turns to face the boys, squeezing one breast and lifting it to lick her areola, then runs her opposite hands fingers to her clit to tease herself. She was a show off. They loved it. So did the guy mowing his lawn across the street.
Giddy, Christina turns away and proceeds onward, much more at ease with her newfound freedom. From a side street came a couple bicycling past her, the man enjoying the view, his wife merely shaking her head but smiling. Everyone took her exposure well. Half a block further a man cleaning his gutters from a ladder nearly falls at seeing her. She winced as he caught himself and apologized loud enough for him to hear. Onward she strut her stuff. Hearing a deafening whistle from Tucker she froze in step looking back. Right in front of a car backing out of its garage Tucker raced to meet her and make her bend over to touch her toes. As the car eased out and actually noticed them the male driver stopped cold watching Tucker nudge a butt plug up her anal pucker. The man laughed and grit his teeth at the sight, looking through his windshield hoping his wife wasn't looking out.
"Sweet ass." He dared to say whistling dead air through his lips.
"Yours if you want." Tucker chuckled, "She lives four blocks that way. Blue sided house, white porch. Drop by and fuck her silly."
"No shit?" He chuckles feeling better as Christina now stood behind shrubbery on his property line. Turning to face him she offers a flirty gaze and teases both nipples.
"Anytime there's not a black Ford F-150 in the drive I'm yours." She prompts an invitation.
"I might just drop by."
"She keeps busy so just walk right in, pull up a couch cushion, and wait your turn Bro."
"Alright." The man didn't take them seriously just before moving out on to the street driving off. Probably not.
Laughing together Tucker turned her back on course. Hearing guitars in the distance he squeezes her shoulder and dry humps her ass. "Follow the music." Before she could take a step Mike raced up and rubbed more baby oil on her.
"Gotta make a good impression right?" He chuckled and headed back to Greg, Tucker right behind him. Christina Holly resumed her stroll. Passing a small park she found a gathering of local Hispanics finishing waxing their cars in the tiny lot. Six men in all, one girl. She wore a two piece pink bikini, her body more a model than Christina, but even she had a big ass. Still, seeing Christina's curves all of the men rallied a symphony of Spanish perversion. Their girl was not too happy. It was then Greg and the others joined Christina up close to keep her safe. She found their protective nature admirable. Waving goodbye to the Hispanic group she carried on. Simple walking became a dance recital, Christina spun around in her sandals repeatedly after every few steps just to seek the thrill in the eyes of her lovers. As they reached the final corner before taking the left Greg reached out and gripped her by the hair tugging her to a stand still. Eyes bulging at his abrupt claim over her she stood trembling.
"See that big house with a fenced in backyard? All the cars around it?"
"Yes. I hear the band playing." She noted another car pulling up just down the street and three men heading inside through the driveway.
"I want you to go in there alone. Walk in like you own the place and pour yourself a beer. Smile at every guy there and flirt hard. If we see fear we send you home and we're done with you."
"I won't allow you to send me home. I want this."
"What is it you want Christina?"
"To be happy and live life to the fullest. You've opened my eyes to who I am, I will not fail you guys. I need you."
"What do you need from us Christina?"
"Companionship. Great sex."
"Is that all?"
"I want to be your slut. I need all of you as much as possible."
"Just us?"
"Any man that wants me."
"Beyond that fence will be a lot of men Christina. Are you going to let any of them down?"
"No. Keep me safe and I'll fuck all of them."
"Fuck you. You're on your own."
"What?" She turned pale uncertain what Greg meant.
"We're not stepping in no matter what they do to you. You should go home if you're worried about being hurt."
"I don't want to go home."
"Then you risk whatever happens."
"Are...you planning on hurting me?"
"Us? No. Lotta guys in there we don't know. What they do to you is on them."
"Are you trying to scare me? It's not working." She grew tough suddenly.
"Psyching you out is all."
"I'm a big girl Greg."
"She's got a point Bro." Tucker spoke up, "Christina's a frigging Amazon. Almost taller than all of us here."
"She shouldn't be a fighter."
"I'm not a fighter, I'm a lover. I love men. I want men. I need cock."
"Nobody gets turned away." Greg adds as a final test of her resolve.
"Oil me more so I look hot when I walk in." She looks to Mike for the baby oil. Dousing her good all hands patrol every inch of her as cars drive by gawking. Once glossed she steps away from the boys and marches right up the middle of the street toward Theo's house. More cars parking, guys get out and follow her up the driveway. Rounding the house the bands music grew louder. At a wooden gate a greeter holding a beer looks her over with an impressed pucker.
"Fuck that's nice." He nods as she caresses his cheek in passing, offering a blown kiss. Within the gate she stops cold and discovers more than she bargained for. There was over a hundred men in the backyard drinking. Eyes on her from all directions Christina spies the beer trough and marches straight into the herd of testosterone, being felt up all the way across the yard. At the trough she finds a cup and begins to pour beer from a tapper. Surrounded by guys complimenting her curves and beauty she melts.
A man claiming her cup to finish filling it gives her time to flirt hard. Hands groping them as much as they groped her. Her attention drawn she misses something as her bartender dropped three hits of acid into her beer. Letting them dissolve before offering it back to her was no challenge, she was pretty busy. Encouraged to drink up as another man toasts her boldness, she tips her plastic cup back and guzzles it. While hearing chants of, "DRINK DRINK DRINK." she feels men sucking her nipples from two sides and enjoys their warm exhales as they sampled her. Beer down, she tosses her empty cup over her shoulder into the trough and fondles the scalps of her diners. Eyes lured toward a gathering of men waiting their turn to taste her in some fashion she shares an expression of ecstasy as hands touch her from all sides.
Theo realizing she was there finally tapped his brother Darnell's shoulder to direct his attention toward the swarm already greeting Christina. Leaving the band's staging area the two African American studs shoved their way closer to Christina. Nobody wanted to give up their positions but the Host's insisted. Reaching Christina, Theo picks her up over his shoulder and carries her out toward the center of the yard. His brother Darnell now joined by their other brother Winston congregate alongside Theo as he sets Christina back down in the grass. Theo introduces his brothers in the most egotistical way possible.
"Yo! Darnell, Winston? This is the slut I told you about."
She catches her breath and flutters shy fingers at the brothers. Darnell looks her over with definite interest, circling her to touch her gently, "OooooWeee! That's one fine ass booty."
"Thank you." She replies over the music. Winston going further by jiggling both her breasts then slapping them about.
"Those are some phat titties."
At first she felt he was calling her overweight until it occurred to her it was phat not fat. Theo clutches her hair again as his brothers continue their groping, Darnell wiggling her butt plug, and Winston wetting his fingers in her juicy twat. Theo forced her gaze and spat in her face. "On your knees and suck my brothers off." Down she went with a whimper at his brusqueness. Hand still holding her hair as she unzips both brothers to pull out two seven inch cocks within seconds of one another. In a maddening hunger she swallowed Darnell first, then moved back and forth between he and Winston. Theo smirking at his brothers to make certain they were enjoying her blowjobs leans down and tugs her hair hard, "EVERY DROP." He then left her to her duty. Christina wanted everyone to admire her so her starvation quest was ravenous. An audience shrouded the fun as Theo walked off. He had other things to do.
Greg and his buddies circulated among friends and made new ones while watching Christina perform her appetizing skills, even with the band playing guys near enough to her could hear her gag reflex. Awe was made evident from every angle, as men discussed her body. Even with her added weight although carried well there wasn't a man there that would have turned his nose up at a chance with her.
Most of them knew that perfect girls generally were hard to get. Not Christina, she was making it known that she wanted to be easy. Even in tiny breaks between Darnell and Winston she licked her lips for those around her, taking rare moments to even cast a glance over her shoulder to enjoy her admirers, there were a lot of serious hard ons in sight. Knowing this intensified her necessity to shine. Cum was needed. Seeing her take brief breathes to spy on others Darnell grabbed her scalp and force fucked her face. Winston taking second string to let his brother abuse Christina, chose to just jerk off over her shoulder until he jettisoned his seaman all over her neckline. Moments later Darnell filled her throat and made her swallow with a breathless gulp, pinching her nose to enforce his will. Casting her back at Winston she reached out and consumed his still cum coated cum and fed on him until every last droplet was devoured. Releasing him in his teetering stance she wiped his cum from her neckline and licked her fingers dry for all to see.
"Eat that shit you Amazon Bitch." No doubt in herself she did, showing off her tongues lapping of her fingertips while offering a flirtation needy gaze. In her teasing she felt light headed slightly, then as if the voices around her were cutting in and out. Shaking it off she stood up and whirled in step enjoying the bands playing of the tune What She Wants Tonight by country singer Luke Bryan. Fitting she thought, she wanted them all tonight. All night.
Hands in her hair she stalks prey and grinds along whoever was in her path, slowing just long enough to let men touch her entire body in small doses before escaping and moving on to her next groper. As her song ended she continued moving about finding Greg and Tucker's cousin Milo talking to another girl. Stunned for a moment to see this girl after she had requested being the only one she felt cheated. The girl being much thinner and pretty made her pout. She wasn't dressed overly sexy but she was dressed. Tight jean shorts with fraying legs, and a white camisole accented her full body tan. She couldn't have been more that 5'4, 120. Brunette like Christina but with brown eyes. An easy 36C with no bra showed off her nips.
"Nooooooo! I want to be their fantasy." She whimpered in thought, her lower lip trembling as if ready to cry. The other girl noticed Christina's sadness and cringed behind Greg a bit. Greg too saw stress and escorted Christina away from the girl to have a private talk. Men taking that time to refill their glasses from the keg and to mingle.
"What did I say before you walked in here? NO FEAR." Greg palmed both sides of Christina's face to lock eyes on one another.
"It's not fear. I...don't want competition."
"For your info that's my sister Loni. She's not competition. I wouldn't let any guy near her she's not even 18 yet. Notice she's not even drinking?"
"No. I-I'm sorry I misjudged. I asked for no other girls."
"Since when is this about what you want? We pamper your ass and this is how you act? We buy you things and you would thank us this way?"
"You've only bought me sex toys." She pouts, "Well, that rose the first day."
"Do you need anything else? Do you think we're all rich? Half of us don't even have jobs. Most of us part time. Spend Dixon's money, not ours, you're just our cumslut. You want more then just go the fuck home."
"I'M NOT GOING HOME."
"Then shut the hell up about what you want and get out there slut."
"Okay. I'm sorry."
"Don't be sorry...just start making guys crazy bitch."
"Is...Loni staying to watch me?"
"No. I'm taking her home here in a few. She doesn't need to see you getting pounded."
"Did she see me giving blowjobs?"
"Yeaaaah! I didn't see her in time to prevent that." He looks back at his sister and discovers guys hitting on her, "FUCK!" Storming away from Christina he did indeed enforce Loni to follow him out. Tucker was told to keep Christina mingling. Christina suddenly felt bad for Loni. Thankfully Greg was a good brother keeping his underage sister safe. Once Greg and Loni were out of sight Christina turned as the band started back up with a song from Texas Hippie Coalition called Hands Up. She had never heard the band before so found herself in awe of the guitar work.
As the singer began, her mind reeled from the acid hits in her system kicking in. The vibrations coming at her felt intoxicating, so much so that she felt the need to dance as seductive as possible. Mike took note that she needed touching up and darted to her side to drench her body in baby oil, coaxing guys in to gloss her up and guide her closer to the fire pit for a full effect. Christina grew lost in the music, her hands raising with the lyrics. All the better for slicking up even her armpits. Christina was basted by the best.
Theo made his return forcing his way through the crowd carrying something that made everyone cheer. With the crowd toasting Theo for his party favor he laughed and moved near the fire pit for a spot already picked out. Delivering his heavy burden of a Queen size mattress to the ground he kicked it about until satisfied of its angle. The band didn't miss a beat. Ignoring the mattress awhile longer, other friends brought in bowls of condoms and six rubber dildos. The Hitachi wand was also sat aside in ready for future use. Shawn and Vince stood guard over the purchased toys. Derek, Tucker's cousin carried out another pleasantry of a large barbell weight with a huge dildo attached to it so the potential rider had no trouble of it being awkward to keep balanced. They had definitely planned ahead.
Songs switching to another aggressive melody of Pantera's Five Minutes Alone, the singer's growling chops proved to be crowd raising. Guys all around Christina were playing air guitar like professionals. The beat made Christina move faster, whipping her hair about wildly. Her hidden talents were coming out, as a metalhead. Raised in Alabama she was mostly country and gospel, no longer, she was loving the hardcore metal. Guys were pawing her up one minute, giving her room to thrash the next. The acid was striking her every nerve with a pleasing accuracy, her every sense feeling heightened, sound, touch, taste, the weed in the air all new to her having never done drugs a day in her life. At this point she herself didn't realize she was high. She attributed it to just being high on life.
Dancing amid those she knew, Mike showered her again with oil, more hands than ever consuming her flesh. Her eyes rolling back in her head at the sensitivity that her flesh had discovered, the acid even adding to the touch of others like a warm static. Goosebumps rushed over her entire body. So wet between her thighs she couldn't help but rub her pussy and squeeze her tit at the same time. She found a new rhythm as the band broke into a rendition of the band Sleep's song Dragonaut. It's melodic guitar work driving her emotions toward pleasing herself. Giving her room the yard full of wagging tongues watched her finger herself standing up. She couldn't even look at anyone anymore, her eyelids fluttering at her sunken fingers. Her tongue licking at her nipple as she held her breast high was even mesmerizing. So into the song she stumbled about until three caring gents moved behind her to prevent any embarrassing fall. Caressing her with tender fingers as she fingered herself with well instructed courage. That and the men whispering, "Cum for us."
Closing in on her orgasm she shares a shrill echoing plan of attack, her mouth gaping and eyes exploring the backs of her eyelids. Hands all across her body teasing flesh with faint tickles, gives her tremors of inner demons saying, "DO IT!" She laughs amid succulent misery and gushes a waterfall down toward the ground. Cells were recording her intimate attachments to those touching her. Melding into her shadows she finds lips kissing her shoulders, hands palming her breasts, a set of fingers surrounding her throat. "Yesssssss!" Was all she could manage. It was all that was required.
Theo and his brothers chattered about Christina's behavior and let the group of desirables enclose her until she could barely be seen, knowing well she was being fingered. With the band relaxing a few minutes before revving things up again Christina's moans were heard over the silence. Only men telling her their dirty thoughts could match her cries. Being fingered roughly accomplished that quite well. She found herself being picked up off the ground, her legs split wide for two different men to join forces with repetitive fingers, six fingers total until a screaming orgasm fried her mind. In her sogginess her butt plug slipped out and fell to the grass.
Theo patting the back of a cell recorder whispered to send him a copy of that. From there Theo took control and obtained Christina's body tossing her over his shoulder a second time. Tucker sprinting in to pick up the butt plug and tell Theo to hold up long enough to shove it back inside her. From there Theo took her limp exhausted body toward the mattress. Bypassing the circular weight with the standing dildo before tossing her on to the Queen. The fluffy impact made Christina revive her senses as Theo turns to the band about ten feet away. "Play something sexy." In Christina's stoned thoughts she presumed he said, "Play with something Sexy.", so she began fingering herself again for a very receptive audience.
The lead singer chuckled and conferred with his bandmates on something they knew that might be sexy. Decision made as guys surrounded the mattress the band fired out an old classic Feel Like Makin' Love by Bad Company. Surprisingly the college band kept their catalog mixed for the generations. Strangely, the crowd approved. Christina loved the song, writhing about as she played, the beat adding to her emotions. Then came the harmonica, the lead singer was certainly talented. Theo grinning up a storm snatched up two dildos and dropped to his knees beside her. Slapping her hand aside he taunts her pussy with an eight inch penis, forcing it deep. He then took her hand back making her use the toy. Feeling the music enlighten her soul she made love to herself.
Dangling the second dildo over her mouth Theo made her fight for it, her head lifting up to suck upon it, it was good times. As the song railed to a close she kicked her feet at missing it. The band noting her chuckled and prepped an alternative song to keep the mood going. Foregoing the intro of B.A.B.Y. they broke into Pussy Liquor by White Zombie. The hypnotic melody drove Christina into a feverish destruction of her cunt. Cumming hard in a spill, Theo didn't give her time to relax, snatching her up by her hair to plant her on her knees Theo nodded to Winston to carry up the weight with the dildo and made Christina straddle the toy for a seductive ride. In her thrusting Theo maintained his grip on her hair and dangled the dildo back to her lips. Tugging her head further back he fucked her throat with the toy straight down. She choked some but enjoyed the exchange he offered.
Song ending the band leaped into ZZ Top's I Need You Tonight. Theo winced up at the band and shook his head, this song should have been played earlier. Not quite the tune and beat to ride her dildo by she just went along as best she could.
Darnell stepped up beside his brother Theo wagging a second dildo over her mouth and she took the bait. Now with her lips stretched to accommodate two large dildos they fucked her throat together. Her balance teetering on the mattress was maintained by her hair, Darnell helping hold her aloft while slapping her tits. She whined and rode the dildo harder. Cumming with a choked shriek the toy and barbell weight was drowned, applause all around, her stunning body basking in the fire pits stoked flames.
"AWK AWK AWK AWK!!" Her throat took their plunging rubber cocks. Spitting up under pressure she lost her breath, her face beet red. In her struggle she found it in herself to still reach and clutch both breasts, possibly to avoid Darnell slapping them again.
Acting disgusted by her Theo removed the dildo from her mouth, Darnell follwing him out to let her gasp and spit up over her chin, her head still suspended backwards. Tossing the dildos to the mattress Theo motioned Winston back in to take the weighted dildo from under her and carry it away. Once the mattress was free Theo shoved her forward on to her hands and knees. Still spitting saliva and catching her breath Theo moved behind her and gruffly kicked her legs wider. Unzipping his pants he heard the crowd rally a laughing awestruck response. Boxers dropped his monster cock rose tall and he leaned in to slap her ass cheeks with it. Knowing his direction Christina looked over her shoulder and shook her ass.
"I THINK SHE WANTS FUCKED." Theo yelled over the music, song closing anyway. A condom passed to him by Tucker, Theo frowned but agreed and ripped the outer confinement open with his teeth. Spitting it away he slithered a condom on and penetrated Christina with a fierce entry. She screamed then smiled blowing hair strands from her eyes. Gripping her hair tighter Theo yanked her head back and fucked the whore hard. Cell cams were going crazy, drunk fools barely able to hold a steady hand. Cheers egged Theo on as he casts his jersey off to go bare chested. In the laughter Mike ran over and doused Theo in baby oil to gloss him up just to hear laughter. Rubbing the oil into his chest as he pounded her cunt with a strictness he shared his oil on her big round bottom. Slapping her ass before yanking out her butt plug and switching holes. Christina Holly expressed nothing but smiles and huffs of yearning success. The acid was still offering her a whole new outlook on sex and control.
Vince finally couldn't just watch any longer and moved in with his pants lowered just to his balls. Patting her face he introduced her mouth to his cock. Theo gave up on holding her hair and chose to grip both of her ass cheeks to spread them wide while poising them higher.
"I LOVE FUCKING THIS ASS." Theo tossed sweat from side to side. Vince nodded and held her by the ears and thrust deep into her throat, her tongue trying hard to wiggle around his girth.
Snarling in readiness to cum Theo looks around at the others yelling, "DON'T LET HER REST! I PULL OUT ONE OF YOU BASTARDS TAKE OVER." Guys rushed the condom bowl and began shredding packets to apply on already revealed erections. Drunk or not they wanted to fuck this pleasantly plump Amazon Bitch. Nutting like a lion roaring over a kill Theo pulled out and stumbled backwards tripping over his pant legs. Luckily Darnell caught his brother laughing, wincing at his brother's wet condom splattering him in Christina's cum. Once on his feet Theo peeled his rubber off and poured it over Christina's back, watching it trickle into the dip of her spine.
Another candidate took over, choosing to hit her pussy instead of her ass. It became a seesaw effect between he and Vince who was brewing up a nice detonation. Grunting with swagger the man behind her filled his condom and backed out to pour his own cum on her face, watching it drip near Vince's cock in her throat. Pulling out of her mouth just in time Vince watched as she lapped at the condom begging to sample it, her tongue stalking his cream dripping from her nose. Before she could collect it all another guy took her cunt. Vince lost interest after her thirst was quenched easing away to just nut on her face, adding to her facial. For the next hour guy after guy tortured her holes before even flipping her over to take her missionary. Legs held behind her ears one after another took that juicy squirting cunt on the ride of her life. Orgasms hit in a perfect storm like tidal waves. Christina by now was lost to reality. All she knew was she hadn't had enough. Not nearly enough. As if time meant anything.
By midnight over fifty men had nailed her hard. Her acid trip waning down she was coping with the fact that she knew she had been drugged. Worried of addiction, being naïve toward drug usage, she merely enjoyed the constant line of men in wait, telling herself she would discuss the mickey's with Greg and the others at a quieter time. For now she just wanted to feel their love, if you could call it that.
Reeling at being kissed all over, men swarming her from every angle as she's penetrated she succumbs to a feeling of euphoric passion. Her brain was still aware while her senses remained in tune with her hormones. Eyes roll back every few minutes as her gaze explores the flames of the fire pit, witnessing the flickering through the crevices of eager bodies consuming her flesh. Dilated pupils in and out of focus fueled her romantic side as if it were a fireplace crackling with a symbolic lust. If all went silent of chatter she would have her finest orgasm of the night. An inner peace saying you are home. It was not meant to be.
"DP this ho." Darnell rallied the boys as he nurtured his seventh beer of the night. Vince bringing her a beer to quench her throat tipped her one last hit of acid, knowing the other hits were probably making their way down. It was true, yet she still had effects while staring at the fire which mesmerized her soul. One more hit probably shouldn't have been offered to the novice yet she seemed to embrace her emotions well. Loving sex the pleasure centers of her mind were on overdrive. Tilting her head up Vince poured the beer into her lips. Her mouth was so dry and raw from being face fucked that she welcomed the liquid, slightly burning her throat in swallowing. An entire beer fed to her Vince patted her cheek to capture eye contact.
"Nights young Beautiful. Have fun." Her expression became almost doe like in trembling eyes, any form of her normal thoughts on doing her own thing were long gone. Christina Holly was theirs to the bitter end, just like that last drink of beer. With Vince standing away a dick claimed her mouth. Wolf calls of testosterone dogs howled at the night. DP gaining more popularity the men were redirected by the guy fucking her pussy. As everyone moves aside he lays over Christina and rolls the two of them over to plant her on top, his dick still depth charging. As her voluptuous ass rose up hands smacked her cheeks to spark her back to life. With a quick oil application by Mike her cheeks were glowing like a neon sign. A big dick brother moved in behind her and introduced a healthy eight inch big daddy. Sinking into her gaping anus he sent her brain to new heights of loyalty.
"That feels so fucking good." She murmured at low volume.
"What was that?" Theo stepped near and goofily placed a palm behind his ear with grin, "I can't hear you."
Again she gasped between hard thrusts into both holes, "It feels so fucking good." Her voice shallow and finding itself less than capable. Theo just wouldn't let that rest. With band members standing close watching the gangbang Theo slaps the chest of the lead guitarist and whispers something that made the man laugh. Stepping away he went to their makeshift stage and retrieved one of their microphones and brought it down to the gathering. Utilizing it as Theo instructs he placed the microphone in front of Christina's yelping verses. Suddenly, the entire neighborhood could hear her pleasure.
"What was that Slut?" Theo yelled down at her. She hadn't even focused on her intruder and just belted out, "THESE COCKS FEEL FUCKING AWESOME." That lit up the crowd around her, nervously biting knuckles at the amplified cries of Christina Holly. Laughter surrounding them the guitarist kept the mic close to her mouth so the whole world could hear her moans. Even her lovers were treated to a mic as the bass player brought in a second microphone for capturing the expelled words and grunts of her lovers.
"How's that pussy Austin?" The bass player spoke into the mic before lowering it to the man on his back.
"City loves this pussy." He bellowed laughing. Even though his name was Austin he shared his love of his hometown city limits. Pausing for the effect of hearing Austin's strain as he closed in on a roaring detonation the surrounding two blocks were treated to the man cumming loud up into her. Just sensing Austin's explosion Christina began a symphony of shrill squeals leading to a scream, as she shares in his finish with a mind blowing orgasm. Shadow voices less echoing from the mics surrounding audience captured their amazement and chuckles at her expense. The bass player passing his mic upward to the anal attacker as he began his own set of snarls, closing in on its prey pulls out. Ripping his condom off just before ramming deep into her ass made Christina cry out. "YESSSSSSSS FUCK MY ASS HARDER." The neighbors loved that.
Neighbors grilling out a block away laughed about the events, a mother sending their children inside, not wanting them to hear the chorus of swearing and nasty sex. She returned to sit on her man's lap feeling frisky. The effects of the loud participation were felt for two full blocks. Guys got lucky at Christina's encouragement. If not that moment, very soon. Job well done whore. Job well done.
Fire in the hole the man in her ass filled that slut with cum and shared her cream pie as she contracted her muscles and played a tug of war with her interior to spit his cum back out at him. The man fingered her ass to capture his cum and leaned forward to feed her like a popsicle. The bitch ate it up in a greedy array of "Mmmmm!" All on mic. "I LOVE CUM." Her DP continued as more men rolled into position. This time though Tucker had a brilliant idea and fired up the Hitachi wand. Vibrating loudly as he let the neighborhood in on his plan by planting it next to Theo's mic for a brilliant buzzing of killer bees. Somehow neighbors knew what it was laughing over it.
Lowering it under Christina's pouty stomach he nudged it until it pressed against her clit. The response was glorious. Not only hers but the man under her, his pubic area feeling the intensity huffed, "Mother fuck.", laughing himself. Christina instantly fell prey to its strength and screamed loud enough to rattle window panes. Time after time as the men tagged her holes she found a moment of acid spiking her thoughts, the world so bright and beautiful even in darkness, only the stoked flames lighting her future.
Mics removed, the noise level decreased, fearing too long in use the cops might be called. Her torment continued throughout the night. Literally all night. By dawn the party was dwindled down to roughly 13 guys. Each toying with a spent Christina using dildos and the wand to keep her awake and blissful. Having drank three more beers in her tour of duty she was feeling really good even without the acid trip fueling her lust. Theo sitting in a lawn chair alongside his brother Darnell, both stoned from bong usage admired Christina. Laying there taking her abuse with pure joy on her tired expressions was a thing of beauty.
"Bitch needs to tan more." Darnell chuckled.
"Yeah, she does. I'll see to that." Theo nodded with a pucker.
Sun rising over the distance Theo called the party. Leaving Christina unattended she squirmed about touching herself until drifting off to sleep. They left her there for a good hour.
Finally a soft voice prodded Christina into waking up, eyes wincing at a brighter sun through the trees above. She realizes whom her caretaker was and sits up slowly, her head spinning from being drunk.
"Hi."
""Loni right?" Christina recalled with groggy thoughts.
"Greg told you my name? It's really Alana but I prefer Loni. You're crazy by the way."
"Probably." Christina stretches and begins peeling dried cum from all parts of her body. "Where's Greg?"
"Snoring. I snuck out of bed to come back here. I brought you a blanket you must be freezing." She shares a multi colored Indian blanket but Christina declines it.
"I'm fine."
"Those nipples say you're freezing." Loni points at Christina's bulging breasts faintly sagging in her sitting position.
"No. Just horny." She giggles.
"After all that?" Loni looks stunned.
"Nympho I think is the word. Are you really Greg's sister?"
"He told you that?" She laughed.
"Yes."
"Not even. I'm his girlfriend."
"So...not 17?"
"Close enough. Turned 18 two weeks ago. I...just thought you could use a friend after all that."
"How much has Greg told you about me?"
"That you're a serious slut. Yes I know Greg is fucking you. I'm good."
"Really?"
"Yeah, we have an open relationship. Can I walk you home?"
"I guess I should go home. I was expecting some of the guys to walk with me."
"Blanket? Less chance of trouble seeing you?" Loni stands to offer Christina a hand in rising to her feet. Not much help with Christina outweighing the cute girl by a good 60 pounds but she tried. Once standing tall Christina towered over her by three inches. Eying the blanket Christina looked about for any eyes that could be watching her. A realized loyalty to the boys led her to shy away from accepting the blanket.
"I'll walk home like this. Thank you anyway."
"Brave girl. The guys have you hooked don't they?"
"Yes." She giggles and pinches her nipples.
"Lord have mercy." Loni rolls her eyes smirking and takes the lead. "You coming?"
"Nonstop." Christina snickers and wiggles after Loni. Out on the street proudly the two walk toward Christina's home. Taking things leisurely and slow, getting to know one another the two become fast friends. Traffic slow so early in the morning only two cars met them in passing. Waving brightly a woman that had heard the mic session stopped her van and rolled the window down to get their attention.
"Was that you singing to us last night?" The woman beamed.
Christina flared her eyes and nodded, "Was I loud?"
"Very." She laughed, "I want to thank you."
"Ummm? Why?"
"Between us girls? My man hasn't fucked me in two months. He attacked me and I've had the best sex in 10 years of marriage. All because of you." Loni smiled at Christina's reaction of awe.
"You're...welcome."
"Want a ride home? I have a few minutes before Church."
"Church?" Christina dropped her jaw. Sudden images of her life in Alabama growing up in a Baptist community flashed her thoughts.
"Yes. I'm a Youth Minister."
"No way! And, you aren't hurling a bible at me?"
"Hardly. While yes what you're doing is...against his wishes. We're all right there. I will say being a Youth Minister I do worry about you parading the streets nude when kids can see you."
Loni lifts the blanket for Christina again as she studies her troubled emotions. Taking a deep breath Christina prods Loni's hand aside and remains naked. Looking at the woman in the van she smiles.
"I suppose I'm going to Hell. Thank you for being so kind."
"Any time. I'm Delores. I live in the big white house on the corner there if you ever need a shoulder."
"Thank you Delores."
"Be careful Sweetie."
As Delores drives off Christina takes another deep breath and holds it with her eyelids sealed. "Loni?"
"Yeah?"
"I'd like to walk home alone. Do you mind?"
"Nope. Can I drop by and say hi sometime?"
"My door is open."
"That's what I hear." She laughs.
A hug shared Christina watches Loni retrace her steps back to Theo's house where Greg was sleeping it off. Half a block apart Loni releases a deafening whistle through two fingers in her lips. Turning to look back Christina watches Loni drop her blanket and strip naked to dance about laughing. Christina smiled brightly. Maybe there was room for two whores in the neighborhood. A secondary goodbye Christina headed home.
Reaching the driveway of the home where just last night a car had backed out with a lone man in it stopped to ogle her, she heard a toot beside her on the street. The same man had returned home from his nightshift and managed to time it perfectly. Seeing Christina all alone he pulled into his drive cutting her off. Window down he looks over at her and notes her weary dried cum coated body and gnashes his teeth.
"You look like you had a rough night."
"A fun night." She smiled almost shyly.
"I bet." He then looked toward his house knowing his wife was still asleep. Tempted to park and fuck her right in his yard he realizes just how bad Christina was, a sudden breeze sharing her reek of sex.
"You want me don't you?" She studied his expression.
"Tomorrow? I do know your address now. I remember the directions."
"I might have company." She giggles and plays with her nipples. "If that doesn't bother you. I'm not by myself often."
"See you tomorrow then." He winks. With a warm smile he enters his garage. Christina continued her journey, ending in front of Dixon's home. Standing proudly she kicked off her sandals and danced about in her yard.
Coffee and a shower later she was ready for a new day. Checking her cell after leaving it at home she discovered ten messages from Dixon. Listening to each voicemail in order most were just boredom calls. Finally, on the last call it seemed like a butt dial, hearing another woman in the background moaning. Knowing Dixon's grunts of passion she knew deep down that he was cheating on her. The woman in the background calling Dixon's name clenched her worst fear. What was worse still was the woman saying, "I can't wait to be your wife."
"WHAT THE FUCK?"
Instead of calling him to bitch, she sat on her bed expressionless. She was not a vengeful woman. Not even a tear welled up in her eyes.
"Whatever."
Naptime.