by Don Gordon
I really have to tell somebody about this. I know what you're going to think, but as I'll try to explain, I tried so hard to do the right thing, but somehow, before I knew it, I was in over my head. It's all about this woman I met, one of my students actually, named Ai (pronounced "eye"). Well anyway, I guess I'd better start at the beginning.
This all started back in the States. I was about to graduate from university, and I was looking for a job. I planned on being a teacher, but I don't know. There was something too pat about just finding a job in Ann Arbor, getting married, settling down. My girlfriend Elise was plenty keen. She's a dark haired beauty, smart as a whip, a good match for me in so many ways. Everyone kept telling us we make a cute couple. But, me? I wanted to get out, and see the world a bit. Heck, I was only twenty-two.
Then, one day, one of my counselors mentioned a job opening in Japan. Just what I've been looking for, I thought: an exotic country, thousands of miles from home. Adventure was beckoning. Elise didn't seem pleased though. She started carrying on, making it out as if I was running out on her or something. That wasn't it though. I just wanted to spread my wings a bit. Maybe you know the feeling. After she got over the initial shock, she calmed down. It'd only be for a year and all, and we could chat back and forth on messenger. It wouldn't be that different.
The school year in Japan starts in April, so I finished up all my essays, and handed them in in March, and headed out. All my friends came to the airport to see me off, and of course Elise was there too. Everyone kept saying they'd miss me, but anyway, I'd already accepted the offer. I bid them farewell, and off I went.
When I got off the plane in Tokyo, there was one of the college staff there waiting for me, a Mrs. Hori I think her name was. She didn't seem to speak English, but anyway, she took me all the way to the apartment they had set up for me. It wasn't much--not much bigger than my dorm room, but once I settled in, I got used to it.
This college was just a small place on the coast, Miura, south of Tokyo. They offered courses in art, music, trades, tourism or international studies. I was to teach English. The students were mostly locals, surfers or milk maids, 19 or 20. Some were a bit at sea, unsure what to do next, but I found that made them more interesting. Everyone had a story to tell. Tatsu wanted to fix cars. Masa drew comic books. Some of them were guitarists or keyboard players. They all had dreams.
I was assigned a homeroom class, and set to work teaching them English, key phrases like "What's up, teach?" and "Why so glum, chum?" I started studying Japanese, and as time went by, things got easier. It turned out that some of the teachers did speak English, and eventually, I began to feel more at home.
Time passed by quickly. I traveled around on school breaks, and I even set up this English excursion club with some of my students. Mostly it was an excuse for them to take me around, and show me the local sights. One of the boys, Keitaro, turned out to be a great tour guide. We went hiking in the mountains, and saw caves, waterfalls and even the place where the English navigator Will Adams first landed in Japan in the sixteenth century.
The winter was mild, but Christmas reminded me of my life back in Ann Arbor. I started to plan out my trip back, what I would do when I got there. Then, suddenly in mid-February, the dean threw me a curve ball. They wanted me to stay on for another year. He fed me a line about how much my students were improving, but I got the feeling that they'd just gotten used to having me around.
I didn't want to say no straight off, so I told him to give me some time to think it over. Somehow the word got out to my students that I might be leaving. They started hanging around my class more. Keitaro and the others kept asking me about my plans. I was happy to see I had so many fans, but that didn't change things. Come March, I was still planning to head back to the States.
What really sparked things off was one day, one of the secretaries came down saying I had a phone call coming in. I told my students to work quietly on their assignments, and went to the office to see who it was. It turned out to be my travel agent. She'd found a cheap flight home for the date I wanted. I had her reserve me a seat, but when I got back to my class, I could tell from my students' faces that they knew I might be leaving. The guys were staring at me with this sad look in their eyes, and some of the girls looked like they were going to cry. I felt like saying "c'mon guys, it's not the end of the world," but I must admit I felt a faint twinge of guilt. There were some real characters in my class, Keitaro, Tatsu and them. I'd miss them too.
The next morning when I got to school, I found one of my students, a 19-year-old girl named Ai, sitting alone in the classroom. This was a bit unusual. Usually the students didn't come in till just before nine o'clock, but here she was at eight. She is a slender waif, wide eyes, white skin, long black hair. Now her cheeks were red, and she was looking down at a long fluorescent light lying on her desk. I looked at her for a moment, feeling a bit uneasy, but finally asked,
"Ai-chan, what's wrong?"
She looked up at me shyly and then up at the ceiling. The light above her desk had burned out.
"Oh," I said.
"I try change it yesterday, but desk is..." She slid her hand across the desktop.
"Slippery. Yes, yes, I see."
I looked at her a bit more closely. She was dressed in what appeared to be a cheerleader uniform--clean white sneakers, knee-high blue leg warmers, a pleated blue miniskirt with white trim and a sleeveless blue and white blouse with a sailor collar. I can't say she'd made much of an impression on me, although now that I think about it, she probably was one of the better students in the class. She was a member of my excursion club, always there, alert, inquisitive, attentive.
Probing my memory, I eventually realized that I'd helped her before. One afternoon, after class, she'd been sitting there all alone. It turned out that her clean-up partner, a woman named Midori, had skipped out on her, and left her to tidy up the classroom herself. I helped her out, and the next day, she'd even brought me a pastry, a chestnut cream bun, to say thank you.
She peered up at me with these puppy-dog eyes, blinking shyly under my gaze. She pressed her pink lips together almost in a pout as her eyes sparkled, darting back and forth. Her hair was shining in the morning light, and I could faintly make out a pleasant feminine scent. Must be her shampoo.
"Mr. Gordon. You help me?" she said rising to her feet. She slipped out of her shoes, and put one white stocking foot on the seat of her chair. I hesitated for a second, wondering what she had in mind, worried that someone might walk by, and see us.
She looked at me expectantly though, so eventually I held out my arm. She grabbed on, and used it to balance as she climbed up onto the seat. One hand still on my arm, she leaned forward to pick up the light. I blinked, and then averted my eyes as I realized that I was staring straight down the front of her blouse. I caught a glimpse of her cleavage, a bit more pronounced than I would have imagined. She didn't seem to be wearing a bra.
I took a deep breath, and tried to think of other things. I could still feel her delicate fingers though, clutching my arm as she raised herself up onto the desktop.
"Hold me... hold me steady," she said nervously as she struggled to get her balance. I looked down at her feet planted firmly on the desk. Trying not to touch her skin, I gently wrapped my fingers around her ankles over her leg warmers, but she immediately cried out,
"Abunai! (=Dangerous)." She was teetering back and forth, so I quickly lifted my hands up to her calves and then to her bare thighs to steady her. Her skin was so soft and smooth to the touch. I breathed in deeply trying to calm myself.
She balanced herself with one hand on my shoulder, and with the other hand, held down the front of her mini-skirt now just a few inches from my eyes. She looked down at me, seemingly embarrassed. I tried to reassure her, but the soft warm feeling of her thighs was making it harder and harder to keep up my professorial front. She continued to look vaguely afraid, but she didn't move to get down. She just stood there gazing at me.
I looked out the window, and there were some students in the distance, but still too far away for them to see us. I looked up at her again nodding for her to hurry up, and replace the light. I wanted to let go of her legs, but she still seemed pretty wobbly. I tried to think of what I'd teach in that day's lesson to get my mind off how wonderfully warm and supple her thighs felt.
She took her hand off my shoulder, and reached up still holding the front of her skirt with the other hand. She seemed reluctant to let go of her skirt. She even seemed to be quivering a bit. I couldn't help wondering what she was wearing underneath. An image of fresh white stretch cotton panties flashed into my mind's eye. What am I thinking? Here this poor thing is, just trying to fix the light, and I, horny bastard that I am, am fantasizing about what kind of panties she's wearing. I've got to get a grip.
She slowly began to straighten up, and let go of her skirt. As she stretched up to reach for the light, the hem of her skirt rose higher and higher. I glanced up for a moment to see if she'd gotten hold of the light, but when my eyes came back down, they settled on not the panties I'd been expecting, but rather this triangular tuft of rich black pubic hair brightly lit by the morning sun.
I was so shocked at the sight of her bush that I almost fell. I tightened my grip on her thighs and with an effort managed to straighten up. Ai swayed dangerously for a moment, but then regained her balance.
"Daijoubu, Gohden-san? (=Are you all right, Mr. Gordon?)," she asked with this look of genuine concern in her eyes. Perhaps I'd just imagined it I thought. Surely she must be wearing underwear. I nodded for her to go on.
She peered nervously out the window, but seeing no one, stretched even higher than before, revealing her precious pussy to me. She rose up on tiptoe spreading her legs slightly apart. Her pussy hair was lustrous, thick and black, forming a sharp contrast with her milky white skin. Between her legs, I could just make out her pink pussy lips glistening slightly with drops of dew. Her scent wafted forward, tingling my nostrils.
I was stunned. Dainty demure Ai, one of the better students in my class, was flashing me the folds of her tight young pussy. What on earth was she thinking? I just stared mesmerized at the sight of her luscious muff. Forgetting where I was, I slowly slid my hands up her legs cupping her bare butt cheeks. She squealed, with what sounded to me like pleasure. I dug my fingers in playing with her pliant flesh. She squirmed a bit, but didn't pull away. She wants it, I thought. I could feel my cock stiffening, pulsing, longing to be inside her. I lifted her skirt up to get a better look at her. Suddenly, we both heard voices from outside coming closer.
Aw, geez! What am I doing? Ai quickly pulled the burnt out light out of its socket, and handed it to me. Reluctantly, I let go of her, and her skirt fell back down. Then she stretched up again, giving me another peek at her pussy as carefully fitted the new light in. Not wanting the people outside to see, I moved around to block their view, but by then, we could hear people in the hall as well. Once she'd got the light in, I grabbed her by the waist, and quickly lifted her down. She straightened her skirt, slipped into her shoes, and backed away from me a bit. She looked down at the ground shyly. Her cheeks were bright red.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Gordon. Maybe I should not do that."
I was still pretty excited to say the least. My mind was racing. Why hadn't I ever noticed her before? Her bangs shaded her big black eyes making it hard to tell what she was thinking. Her delicate lips formed a little "o" puckering slightly. Aw, man, she is gorgeous.
"No, no, that's alright... um..." I didn't know what to say. 'My pleasure? Anytime? When can I see you again?' No, that wouldn't be right at all. Jeez, I barely know her. What the heck was her last name again?
Before I could say anything, the door opened, and Keitaro walked in. He often came in early to talk to me. He was a good guy, but this time, his timing was terrible. Ai-chan quickly backed away, and fled out the back door. I wanted to go after her, but realized I'd better not. She was my student for heaven's sake. What would people think? I went back to my desk, and sat down, trying to hide my hard-on.
Keitaro was talking up a storm, but I barely heard him. What on earth was Ai thinking pulling a stunt like that? I'm leaving in a few weeks. My other students started coming in, and I realized that I'd better calm down, and figure out what I'm going to teach.
Finally, at 9 o'clock, just before the bell, Ai came back in. She looked so calm, so normal. I couldn't believe she could flash me so brazenly, and still look like it was just another day. Ai caught me looking at her, glared back at me sharply for a moment, and then ignored me for the rest of the class. Now, I realize she was just trying to avoid arousing suspicion, but at the time, I felt hurt almost. How could she be so forward one moment and then so cold the next? I was baffled.
First period ended, and she left with her friends to go to her next class. Keitaro, always a sharp one, noticed I looked sad, and asked,
"Why so glum, chum?"
I managed a weak smile, but didn't answer.
At lunch, I went to the cafeteria to look for Ai, but she wasn't there. She didn't show up after class either, although my other 'fans' were out in force. I wasn't in the mood for joking around, so I excused myself, and headed home.
The morning's events kept running through my mind. Her blushing face, her sweet voice, the courage it must have taken for her to bare her most private place to me. I wanted to see her again. I even considered calling her house, but couldn't think of what I'd say if one of her parents answered. 'Yes, Mrs. Isobe, could I speak with Ai?' Isobe, Isobe. Yes, that was her name!
I couldn't stop thinking about her. The memory of our brief encounter kept gnawing away at my mind. When it came time for bed, I lay down, but I couldn't sleep. I just kept tossing and turning and running over the whole thing in my mind.
At six, my alarm clock went off. I was too wired to feel sleepy. In a few hours, I'd see her again. I showered, shaved, and got dressed in my sharpest clothes. I wanted to look my best.
I went to school early, but she didn't come in until just before nine. She kept on ignoring me. Near the end of class, I caught her stealing glances at me. She looked ravishing, even more beautiful than the day before. Was she wearing lip gloss? Her whole outfit sparkled, shiny new.
Class ended, and she scurried out. Suddenly, my fatigue set in. Too tired to lecture, I gave the next group of students assignments to do, and just sat quietly at my desk. Why was she avoiding me? Had I been too forward touching her? Then why had she flashed me in the first place? It didn't make any sense.
The time for my spare came, and I was about to go to the staff lounge, when suddenly Ai appeared at the door.
"Can I come in?"
"Of course," I said, my heart racing at seeing her again.
She shut the door, and walked to the back of the classroom setting her leather backpack down on a desk near the window curtain. She moved so gracefully, almost like a ballerina. Her hair hung down over her eyes, but I could tell she was thinking about something. She was quivering a bit. We stayed there in silence for a while, I at my desk, and her standing in the shadow of the curtains.
"Don't you have a class now?" I asked, immediately kicking myself for asking such a stupid question. It sounded like I don't want her to be here. She nodded gravely.
"What's wrong?" I asked trying to sound kinder. She looked at me for a while then finally spoke.
"I can't change in front of other girls wearing like this."
I looked her up and down. She looked normal enough. She was wearing a navy skirt and matching blouse, darker than her outfit the other day. Her skirt was a bit short, but other than that, she looked normal. I was about to say 'you look fine to me,' when it struck me what she must mean.
The morning before, she'd been 'going commando,' walking around with neither bra nor panties. I hadn't thought about it, but I supposed that she took them off right before she saw me, and put them back on soon afterwards. Perhaps, it was hubris on my part, but I thought her little show had been just for me. However, looking at Ai's face and the way she now seemed to be blushing, suggested a second possibility: this fragile creature, this paragon of feminine virtue, this waif of a lass has been walking around for the last day and a half (or longer) in that tantalizingly short skirt without any panties on!
I stood up like a shot, but she raised her hand sternly.
"No. Stay there."
I was breathing heavily now, but with an effort of will, I managed to sit back down. OK, calm down. I don't want to get her all upset. She's here now, and I should be happy about that.
"Um... I was wondering...," she started, then hesitated, clearly reluctant to go on especially given the wild look that must be in my eyes. "Could I change here?"
I looked at her standing there, quivering. Unable to speak, I just nodded, licking my lips.
Ai peered out through the window in the back door to see if anyone was in the hallway. Classes had started, so the hall was pretty quiet.
She turned her back to me, and huddled up close to the curtain to get out of the sunshine. She carefully undid her red scarf, and took it off. She reached under her arm, and undid the zippers that ran up the sides of her blouse, one at a time. As she lifted the blouse over her head, I noted that she still wasn't wearing any bra. Her bare back looked so supple. I just caught a glimpse of her right breast as she leaned over to pick up her gym t-shirt. I had assumed that she was fairly flat-chested, but actually her breasts had quite a nice shape with a pink nipple pointing upward at the tip.
She quickly slipped the t-shirt on, and then turned around to look at the door again. There was still no one there. She looked at me, and then demurely began to undo the zipper at the side of her skirt. Her hips were quite wide for one so slender, so she had to wiggle to get out of the skirt. Her breasts bounced up and down under the t-shirt as she struggled to get the skirt off. She looked over at me, and blushed as she realized how much I was enjoying her little show.
She finally got the skirt down to her knees, and stepped out of it. Even from this distance, her pussy looked so inviting. Her hair was standing up a bit, so she smoothed it down, before folding her skirt neatly, and tucking it away in her backpack.
Next she pulled her t-shirt down to cover her pussy. I frowned, but she ran her fingers through her hair, and smiled at me mischievously. So her show was for me! She was doing this to get me turned on.
Out the window, we could see her classmates gathering on the field for gym class. Undeterred, she crossed over to the middle aisle in just her short t-shirt, and bravely stepped out into the sunshine. I braced my hands on the arms of my chair, but she motioned for me to be still. I'm not really used to this sort of thing, being teased like this, but what could I do? Whatever I did, I didn't want to scare her off.
With both hands, she pulled the t-shirt down as far as it would go, and walked down the aisle towards me. I started getting nervous that someone would see her. If she didn't show up for gym class, her classmates might wonder where she was, and here she was standing in full view of the field. If they glanced in, they would surely notice her parading around bottomless. I looked around for something to cover her with, but again she motioned for me to stay still. When she lifted her hand, her t-shirt sprung up giving me yet another glimpse of her luscious bush. I was right on the edge, half of me wanting to take her in my arms, the other half wanting to put her over my knee, and spank her precocious derriere for being such a bad girl.
Ai came around to the side of the desk with her back to the door. My sense of danger went into overdrive as I realized that people walking by would see her ass. I inched my chair towards her, but she just backed up still holding the t-shirt down with her hands.
Now that she was closer, I could just make out the outline of her two nipples through the white stretch cotton of her shirt. She was so darn sexy it was driving me crazy.
"I just talk one moment, and then go to class." She glanced back nervously at the door. "This is first time I do something like this. I think about it long time, but I decide this only way." Then, she said something in Japanese, which sounded like the same thing again just to make sure I understood.
I took a deep breath, and tried to concentrate on what she was saying. My eyes kept wandering down to her nipples, which were now poking out quite noticeably. She was standing with her legs apart. I could almost taste her wetness. I dug my fingers into the arms of the chair, and then looked back into her eyes. They seemed so large and black, with the sky and sun reflected in them.
"Mr. Gordon. Donald. Do you like me?"
Helpless to resist, I nodded.
"I need favor. I want you to stay here next year. You are nicest man. If you leave, I become so sad."
It took a while for her words to sink in. This sweet precious girl had stripped down, and was teasing me with her body because she wants me to give up going back to the States. My spirits, which had been running so high the past two days, suddenly came crashing down. Not go home? That's crazy. I've got to go home. My year is up. Elise is waiting for me. How could I ask her to wait another year? My mind was made up. I was going back to the States. I looked back at Ai unable to give her the answer she wanted.
She looked sad. It was almost as if she had sensed what was going through my mind. She went down on her knees, and then bowed down till her forehead almost touched the ground.
"Onegai shimasu. (=I beg you)"
I looked down at her, her cute little bottom stuck way up in the air. My heart was filled with sadness. No matter how much I liked Ai, to not go home... that was asking too much. No one, not my family nor friends and certainly not Elise, would understand.
I reached out to touch her, but sensing my answer, she backed up. She rose to her feet, and ran back to where her things were.
"I must go class," she sobbed. She stood there with her back to me for a moment, her cute rear peeking out from under her shirt. God, she is the most vexing creature.
Wiping the tears from her eyes, she turned to me, and tried to smile. She lifted her arms high in the air revealing her pussy again.
"Maybe I go like this. It's good idea, ne?" she said almost laughing now.
Go out to gym class half naked? My cock stiffened as I wondered if she was serious. She took her running shoes out of her bag and squatted down to change into them. She looked up at me coyly, and spread her gorgeously toned legs to reveal her taut pussy between. Lord, she is so... sexy.
She took out her gym shorts, and squeezed her juicy ass into them.
"Maybe next time," she said with a smile. She turned her back to me again perhaps to show me how nicely her shorts fit her round bottom. "Anyway, don't answer now. I check again tomorrow," she said, and disappeared out the door.
I had to admit she was definitely one of the sexiest women I'd ever had the pleasure to meet. She knew how to get me going. I wanted her. I craved her.
However, as soon as she left, the lack of sleep, the stress, the frustration of the last twenty-four hours finally caught up with me. I went to wipe the sweat from my forehead. I had a raging fever, and not just from her. I must have caught something. I watched her run out onto the field to join the class, but my fever just got worse. I tried to stand, but I felt so weak. I walked down to the dean's office, and asked for the rest of the day off. I must have looked pretty pale because they agreed right away. I went home, and went straight to bed.
To be continued in Year Away in Japan 2
Don Gordon