They stood on the beach overlooking the ocean having just exited the hotel toting all the necessities for spending a day in the sand and surf. Ashton smiled at her husband as she began to walk in the sand to find their perfect spot. "Let's go this way" she said walking further towards the water's edge. She had gotten the directions for the nude beach, that thankfully was within walking distance from their hotel, the night before when Lee had been showering before dinner. He'd surprised her on her birthday with the trip to Italy they had always wanted to take so in turn she decided to surprise him as well.
Over the past few months they had become very open to exploring their sexuality and had talked about various things they would like to try. Some they had tried, others they had not. One thing they had thus far not been able to explore was any type of exhibitionist behavior. Knowing this was something they both wanted she had researched on the web and was thrilled to find that there was a nude beach near whey they were staying.
"Ashton?" Lee called after her as she continued to walk down the shoreline.
"Hmmm?" she murmured, stopping to smile up at him.
"Where are you going?" he asked her chuckling "there are plenty of places to park it for the day around here baby."
Trying not to give her secret away she forced herself to stop smiling. "Oh, I know...I just thought we could find somewhere a little more, you know, private." She smiled her sexy smile at him then. "Let's go around the cove." Without waiting for him to reply she started walking again.
Lee shook his head, knowing his wife was up to something, and picked up the cooler he had sat by his feet. Following her they rounded the cove and he stopped short almost dropping the cooler by accident this time. Had he not been wearing sunglasses Ashton surely would have seen the look of shock that registered on his face. "A nude beach" he said.
"A nude beach" she repeated standing in front of him placing her hand at his waist near the band of his swimsuit. "Surprise!" she said jokingly "You gave me Italy, I give you a chance to make one of our fantasies come true."
He kissed her then, sweetly, square on the lips.
The beach wasn't deserted but it wasn't what one would consider crowded either. They scanned the crowd, both making mental notes that people were completely at ease with their naturalism. All shapes and sizes of human beings were spread out along the sand. As they were, some were still in swimsuits. They found a spot on the sand and got everything set up. Still not ready to throw all caution to the wind they sat in their chairs and just took in their surroundings.
Having never been to a nude beach before Ashton wasn't sure what to expect in the way of behavior, as far as what was allowed and what was not. She learned quickly that most felt comfortable enough with themselves and their surroundings to do what they pleased. There were a few people lining the beach that seemed to be alone, but most were couples. She continued to watch as couples caressed and fondled each other in plain view of everyone around them without a care in the world.
Turning to her left she saw a couple seated not to far away from them. Apparently still testing the waters themselves they had on their swimsuits as well. Behind her tinted lenses she watched as the girl sat on her knees in front of her boyfriend, husband whichever the case may be. It was almost as if it was in slow motion as he untied the strings of his lover's bikini top letting it fall on the sand before her. Standing above her, her back towards him he dripped suntan lotion on her shoulders and began to massage it in to her skin.
Ashton shifted in her seat beginning to feel her arousal growing, her eyes transfixed on the couple beside them. She barely heard Lee chuckle knowing full well what this was doing to her. She darted a glance at him registering the smile on his face and the tell tale sign of his arousal in his swimsuit as well. She brought her eyes back to the couple beside them. She watched as the man released the ties on the bikini bottoms and the garment fall to the sand. As quickly as her bottoms fell so did his and she was staring at the naked couple before her. She heard the man moan as the lotion was rubbed into his shoulders and back and her body reacted instantly. She was torn, she wanted to continue watching yet she wanted to be experiencing this herself.
She looked pointedly at Lee this time. "Are you ready baby?" she asked, her breathing slightly accelerated.
"Yes honey, I think I am" he replied.
Ashton reached into her bag and got their bottle of suntan lotion. Standing up she motioned for Lee to do the same and to turn around so she could ensure she got the lotion on his body before she lost all restraint. She reached up to his neck and shoulders to begin to rub the lotion into his skin. She kissed a trail of kisses down his back creating the path her hands would follow. Placing her hands at his waist she turned him to face her. She nibbled at his neck and collarbone briefly before massing his skin once more with her slick lotion covered hands.
She bent her head to sweep her tongue and teeth over first one nipple then the other sucking lightly on each before her hands covered those spots as well leaving his skin oily and slick. Before she could go any further than his waist with the lotion he took the bottle from her telling her to turn around. He pulled her close to her and bent to kiss the back of her neck as he unhooked the clasp of her bikini top slowly peeling the material down her shoulders and arms. She sighed as his hands reached under her arms to caress her breasts and nipples. He whispered in her ear "Thank you for bringing us here."
He covered her in lotion from neck to waist then turned her to face him. He slid his hand past the elastic at the top of her bikini bottom and inside finding her wet. She threw her head back as his finger teased her outer lips before briefly slipping inside. He wasn't accustomed to her being bare but he couldn't deny he was enjoying it. That was another surprise from her on this trip that he had discovered the first night they arrived. Thoughts of their lovemaking that night ran through his head arousing him more.
Ashton reached for the snap on his swim trunks releasing it and the zipper pushing them down and letting him step out of them and move them to the side of the blanket. He in turn withdrew his finger and peeled her bikini bottoms off and down her legs. They stood before each other naked as they had thousands of times before yet somehow this was different. They weren't just in front of each other.
She got the lotion again and moved down his legs then back up to massage the cheeks of his bottom. As she went down the front of his legs she swirled her tongue around the tip of his hard cock taking his head in her mouth for a brief moment. She heard him moan as she did then with a light kiss stood back up letting him finish covering her in lotion. She squealed when his hand slid between the cheeks of her rear massaging lotion in there as well.
His other hand had slipped between her legs again and was rubbing slow circles around her clit. He knew exactly what she liked and what would get an immediate reaction from her. He circled slowly then moved down to slip his middle finger into her soaked pussy thrusting into her slowly several times then sliding back up to stimulate her clit once more. Sliding his hand down he slowly slipped two fingers inside her this time. He watched as her head fell back and felt her grip on his shoulders tighten. He was kneeling in front of her now and dipped his head to taste her juices as his tongue circled her clit now, his two fingers still thrusting.
"Lee" she panted, barely audible but he heard it. He knew that she was close to orgasm. He slipped a third finger into her slick channel and increased the pressure of his tongue. Without looking up he knew that she was biting her lip to keep from crying out too loudly. Her fingernails dug into his shoulders as she continued to grip them for balance, her knees slightly bent from buckling. He heard her moan escape and her body clutch at him as she came. He could taste her cum on his tongue, her sweet nectar, he drank from her as her body jerked against him as her climax overtook her.
He waited until she stilled to attempt to stand up. Her grip had softened a little but she kept her hands on his shoulders as he kissed up her stomach to her breasts, taking each nipple into his mouth in turn. He kissed her neck before bringing his mouth to hers kissing her passionately, allowing her to taste herself on his lips and tongue. She moved her hands down his chest to rest on his hips before they broke the kiss. Reaching for the suntan lotion she applied a liberal amount to the palm of her hand.
Standing back upright Ashton looked over Lee's shoulder quickly and noticed a man watching them. He had dark hair and a dark complexion. His eyes were shielded by dark glasses but she could feel his stare boring right through her. His watching her made her feel empowered. She took her eyes off him and gazed up at her husband as her hand reached to wrap around his hard cock. Slowly she began to stroke his length mixing the lotion with the pre-cum that had gathered there.
Stroking slowly with her right hand she cradled his scrotum in her left. She squeezed slightly then released feeling the weigh of it in her hand. She watched as his eyes closed letting the sensation of her hands on him take over and glanced behind him towards the man. He was mimicking her motions. He was stroking his cock with one hand and cradling his scrotum in the other. She sucked in a breath and increased her stroking speed, wrapping her hand slightly tighter on Lee's cock.
She brought her eyes back to Lee's face. "Baby" she said "someone's watching us."
Lee opened his eyes but never turned his head. He was searching her face for a sign or a signal to stop that this was making her uncomfortable. He saw nothing that sent up a red flag for him. He bent to kiss her then. His lips brushed hers briefly before his jaw clenched to keep from crying out as her hand tightened on his scrotum and she raked her fingernail along his sensitive flesh.
She alternated her tempo slowing every little bit to make the sensations she was creating for her him last. She would steal glances at the man behind them and feel her own arousal increase knowing that he was watching her masturbate her husband on a public beach. The whole setting was erotic. More so than she could have anticipated.
The man increased his pace. Following his earlier suit of mimicking her she increased hers as well. Lee moaned as she did so. She heard him say her name and brought her eyes back to his face. She watched as it twisted in pleasure, his eyes closed, his jaw clenched. His mouth parted slightly and she felt his cock grow in her hand signaling his impending release. She began to pump his cock now, fast, furious, her grip on both his cock and scrotum tightening, making sure he felt the sensation of her hand on him from the tip of his head to the base. Raking her fingernail along the skin of his scrotum once again she watched his face. She heard his cry as she felt his cock jerk in her hand shooting a rope of his cum onto her stomach. She moved her hand swiftly to catch the rest in her palm daring a glance over Lee's shoulder as cock continued to jerk.
She watched as the man's hand stroked his own cock once more and she swore she heard him moan as his cum shot onto his stomach and chest. Realizing what she had just done left her breathless. Lee's head fell onto her shoulder and rested there as she milked the last of his cum from his now softening cock. She kissed his cheek. Both of them were breathing hard and they stood joined this way for a few minutes until they calmed.
Both at ease with their surroundings now they sat back in their chairs their fingers linked as their hands met across the small distance from one chair to the other. Completely relaxed and sated they must have dosed off.
Ashton woke first. Remembering where she was she glanced around. There were still people on the beach but the man who had watched them was gone. Reaching for the cooler something caught her eye in the front pocket of her beach tote. A small sheet of paper folded over was slightly sticking out of the top. She unfolded it and saw that it was stationary from the hotel where she and Lee were staying. There were only two words on the paper and she smiled when she read them.
Grazie Bella
Sitting back in her chair once more she looked over at her still sleeping husband and knew this would be a trip they would never forget...and that they would definitely do this again...