Taking some time to finish organizing the new house and making it feel like home, a few days go by with not much else happening. You and Kaitlyn order meals through UberEats and don't leave the house at all during this time. It has been a big, but welcome change in lifestyles. Going from being two college students living in a small apartment to being work-free for the rest of your lives and living in a large house across the country has taken some time to adjust to.
Sitting on the living room couch late at night watching TV with Kaitlyn cuddled up by your side, you start thinking about your fantasy again and what the next steps should be. Kaitlyn is getting more comfortable with wearing slightly revealing shirts, and even followed your suggestion to pull her shirt down further to tease two guys at the restaurant a few days back. Thinking back on it, that was probably the wrong move. You realize the better path to turning your wife into the slut you dream for her to be is to first get her used to exposing herself and doing risky things in public, rather than getting straight into showing off. Once she's an exhibitionist, getting her to find enjoyment in attracting and doing things with other men will be easy. If you don't take this route, she might still eventually find enjoyment in doing things with other guys, but she might delve further into that and not be as interested in being an exhibitionist anymore.
Considering a few ideas of how to get her more used to doing risky things in public, one idea sticks out the most. Instead of introducing her to it in public, crowded areas, it'd be better to do it in front of less people and in a place she's already comfortable with. After a few more seconds of thought, you realize the perfect plan. You can slowly introduce her to it in and around your new house. Having just moved across the country, you don't know anyone close by, so inviting a friend over isn't a possibility. Unlucky, you think to yourself. It would've been so hot to have Kaitlyn get used to wearing more revealing clothes in front of your friends. That idea has been in your head since the start of the fantasy. It'll have to wait.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trying to come up with an alternative, you smirk as you think of one. Pulling out your phone and opening your browser, you quickly navigate to Pizza Hut's website and order a pizza and some cinnamon buns. Fourty-five minutes for delivery.
After waiting about thirty-five minutes, its now time for the next step. Sitting up in the couch and turning towards Kaitlyn, you grab her attention.
"Baby, can you please go change into one of the new tops you got the other day? I'd really love to see you in them, since we haven't gone out in a few days.", you suggest brilliantly. You know she doesn't have a problem wearing skimpy clothes around the house, it's only when others are around that she is reluctant.
"Babe, I'm already in my pajamas! Do I really need to go change now? Can't I just take my top off and let you play with my boobs for a bit?", she offers, knowing how much you love casually groping her around the house.
"I just want to be reminded of how far you've come since you first agreed to give my fantasy a chance. Will you please go change? Just for a bit. I'll make it worth your troubles.", you beg, placing a hand on her upper inner thigh and doing a slow scratching motion. Its a thing you've done since you first started dating and she knows exactly what you mean by it. Oral.
You've always loved and been eager for cunnilingus, almost never turning her down when she requests it, so whenever you offer it as a trade, she remembers how lucky she is to have a boyfriend that cares about her pleasure and it makes her more willing to accept whatever the trade is. This time, that'd be changing clothes like you asked. She gets up off the couch and heads upstairs to the bedroom to change. Everything is going perfectly according to plan.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kaitlyn takes a few minutes longer than you expected, but because of your plan, it isn't an issue and is actually a good thing. She returns back by the couch, but instead of sitting down, she walks in front of the TV. She's wearing the black top, the one tight one that makes every small movement send a wave of motion through her breasts. With it, she changed into her usual choice of tight torn jeans.
Strutting back and forth in front of you, she's giving you the perfect show. Still sitting down on the couch, your perspective is much lower than the level of Kaitlyn's chest, but you can still see her breasts being pushed up and presented perfectly in the middle of her top. Walking in a few circles, Kaitlyn adds a tiny bounce in her step. Making it look almost completely natural, you don't even notice it until she's turned towards you and you see her breasts jumping up and down wildly.
"Well? Was this enough of a reminder?", Kaitlyn asks with a bit of tease.
She leans forward and brings her hands up to her chest, cupping her breasts from underneath. Pushing up on them in a rhythmic fashion, she tosses her tits around frantically. Slowing down, she squeezes deeply a few times. Ending off the show, she slaps her own tit once, something she knows drives you wild.
Enjoying her teasing and having a hard time resisting pulling your straining cock out of your pants, you decide to try to build her confidence more.
"I can't believe how good you look in that top! No one would ever believe you've never worn a shirt that shows cleavage before this week!", you say genuinely.
Your phone buzzes in your lap. Looking down at it, you see a text saying your pizza delivery is two minutes away. Returning your gaze to Kaitlyn, its time for the last step of your plan.
"Thanks so much for changing into this outfit for me baby. You look incredible and I can't thank you enough for exploring this fantasy of mine. I'll do my part of the deal now. Don't undress yet though, just wait here. I'm going to get some toys first", you tell her, obviously meaning sex toys.
Running upstairs to the bedroom, you look through the drawers you store the toys in, looking for Kaitlyn's butt plug and some bondage rope. Only able to find the rope, you take a seat on the bed. Time to wait.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
About a minute later, the doorbell rings. You don't hear any movement from downstairs. The doorbell rings again.
"Babe! There's someone at the door!", she yells up the stairs.
You don't reply. The doorbell rings a third time and you finally hear what sounds like Kaitlyn groaning and heading towards the front door. After a couple seconds of silence, what you presume to be Kaitlyn looking through the peek hole, you hear the door open. You can hear her talking to the delivery man, but can't quite hear what they're saying. Sneaking quietly to the top of the stairs for a better listen, you can hear them more clearly.
"T-thanks, have a good night", you hear Kaitlyn say nervously as you hear the door start to close.
"Ma'am, wait! The order hasn't been paid for yet!", the man at the door says before the door closes fully.
The door is opened again. Congratulating yourself on such perfect execution of your plan, you eagerly await your girlfriend's next move, which you have calculated to the T. Her purse sits on a low shelf right in the corner by the front door. Its her only way to pay for the pizza. There's a brief moment of silence.
"Oh... ummmm. Okay. Let me just get some money out of my purse", Kaitlyn tells the man.
You can only imagine the wondrous sight the man at the door is getting of your girlfriend as she bends over to pick up her purse. Your mind races with images. You can almost see Kaitlyn's breasts pouring out of the large opening in the new top. Her purse has an anti-theft strap for the wallet that requires both hands to retrieve it, so there's no way for her to cover herself in the process. Rummaging sounds can be heard before a zipper opens, Kaitlyn's wallet.
"Here you go. Keep the change as a tip. Bye!", Kaitlyn ends the exchange as fast as possible and shuts the door rather loudly.
Bondage rope still in hand, you walk down the stairs. Kaitlyn is walking back towards the couch from the front door, meeting you along the way.
"Was someone at the door? Who was it?", you ask, failing to suppress your devious smirk.
"You set me up! You ordered pizza, had me change into my slutty top, left the room right when it was being delivered, and didn't pay for the pizza! You KNEW I had to bend over to get my purse!", she yells, playfully slapping your arms and chest.
She obviously wasn't angry, just very embarrassed. That meant you hadn't gone too far and she was comfortable with the idea of it, she just isn't used to actually doing it yet.
You start laughing crazily and Kaitlyn begins to laugh with you. Pulling her over to the couch kissing her cheeks along the way, she throws the pizza down onto the coffee table. You unbutton her jeans and slide them down her legs. She steps out of them and kicks the across the room. You pick her up by the waist and gently lay her down on the couch. You climb on top of her, laying down with your stomach above her groin, your face right in front of her pert breasts. While you grab and kneed at them, you start licking and kissing her cleavage. You worship her breasts for a few minutes before you have her take off her shirt and bra. Retrieving the bondage rope, you tie her hands together by the wrists in front of her body.
Returning to her chest and moving down to her stomach, you slowly rub your hands across her belly, while planting kissing around her belly button. Coming face to face with her panties, you waste no time pulling them off Kaitlyn's legs. Her legs are still underneath you and tucked tightly together. Shifting your body to allow her to lift them onto your shoulders, her legs spread wide.
As your eyes drop to her groin, you pause at what you see. You hear Kaitlyn giggling. In the crevasse of her soft ass, you see the base of a butt plug. Kaitlyn wiggles her hips teasingly, knowing exactly what you're looking at.
"So THAT'S why I couldn't find it in the drawer upstairs! And that's why you took so long to change!?", you say laughing.
Kaitlyn has indulged in anal play many times before, but only when you requested it. This is the first time she has ever done it on her own, and you're shocked.
"I, uh... was feeling a bit naughty when changing. Something about wearing that top again really got me going. I decided to surprise you with the butt plug since I knew you were about to eat me out, but I didn't plan on talking to a stranger with a toy up my ass!!", she says, still embarrassed from what you made her do.
Your dick was already hard in your pants, but it roars to life even more at the thought of your girlfriend standing there talking to a stranger with a toy secretly spreading her anus.
Focusing on Kaitlyn's groin again, you can see her wetness already awaiting you. The second time in a row, you note. She must really be getting turned on from the daring activities. Running your fingers around her pussy, you gather as much of the sticky webbing as you can, before licking it off of your fingers. You bring your mouth close to her clit, lightly blowing on it teasingly. You kiss it once, then drop your mouth onto it. Flicking your tongue up and down, you send Kaitlyn into a frenzy. Her hips start bucking, forcing her pussy harder into your lips. You continue this for a few minutes before pulling your mouth off of her sensitive bean. You place your tongue below her slit, just above the butt plug, and slowly lick your way back up to her clit.
One of your hands makes its way up to support your mouth in bringing Kaitlyn to an orgasm. Sliding one finger into her opening, you thrust it carefully a few times before adding a second finger and continuing the thrusts. Mouth back on her clit, you repeat the tongue flicks and add in a mix tongue swirls and sucking. You bring your other hand up to find the base of the butt plug. Reaching two fingers up underneath the base, you start to pull the plug out of Kaitlyn's ass. Only pulling until the largest part of the plug stretches her anus, you let it get sucked back in and you repeat it over and over. Kaitlyn moans loudly, bucking her hips even harder. Her feet shift violently on your back and her legs tighten around your head, her body becoming overwhelmed with pleasure. She makes a few quick grunts and you hear her hands tapping the couch above her head. She lifts her hips so high that she pushes your head back some and her ass comes completely off of the couch. She moans a long, screaming moan, and cums. Her legs shake as she comes down from her high.
"Holyyyy fuck you're so good at that, babe. That was totally worth changing clothes! I felt like my clit was going to explode!", she exclaims to your delight.
Giving her a chance to recover, you stand up and undress. You take hold of your cock and give it a couple of strokes. A bead of precum forms at the tip almost instantly. Kaitlyn sits up and beckons you over to her. Already at the perfect dick sucking level, you step between her legs and she takes your cock into her bound hands. She spots the bead of precum and swiftly licks it off, savoring the taste. She kisses the head of your cock deeply a few times before taking it into her mouth. She bobs her head up and down, her tongue pressed tightly against the underside of your shaft.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
She works on your cock for a few minutes before letting go and adjusting her position on the couch. She brings her ass to the edge and leans back, lifting her legs high and presenting her holes to you. Contemplating removing the butt plug and taking her ass, you realize she probably left it in for a reason, so you decide to wait until another time. Helping hold up her legs by her calves, you move closer, lining up your cock with her dripping pussy. You hadn't cleaned her up after she came, so juices were still flowing out of her snatch and down around the butt plug. With the head of your cock pressed against her clit, you pause and look Kaitlyn in the eyes.
"I want you to describe what happened at the door while I fuck you", you request.
Sliding your cock down her slit, it meets her opening and you push it in. You start to thrust, but you go slowly so Kaitlyn can still speak properly.
"When I opened the door, the young man was looking at the floor. He slowly looked up my body, headed to meet my gaze, but stopped when his eyes crossed my tits. He stared at them. He didn't even try to hide it. I just stood there while he soaked in my exposed body. It was a little bit humiliating, but I felt the blood rush to my clit instantly. It was so hot just letting him look at me like that! And it didn't help that I had a plug up my ass!", she describes.
You start thrusting faster, but still slow enough for her to talk. You rest one of her legs on your shoulder and reach down to grab at her tits.
"He finally looked up at my eyes and acted like nothing happened, like he wasn't doing anything wrong. I didn't say anything, so he told me he had a pizza delivery for Nick. I immediately realized that you had set me up. The timing was too good for it not to be true. When he handed me the pizza, he got distracted by my tits again and started staring for the second time. Because of the distraction, he pushed the pizza a bit hard into my outreached hand and it caused my body to shake. I felt the ripple in my breasts! His mouth opened a little bit and he looked back at my eyes. He apologized for hitting my with the box, but not for looking right at my breasts! I was really turned on at this point, knowing how naughty it was for me to be wearing such a skimpy top and letting a stranger have such good look at my chest", she adds to the story.
You're getting close to cumming, surprised you lasted even this long after everything that has just unfolded. You slap Kaitlyn's tits around a few times and pinch at her nipples.
"What happened next, slut?", you egg her on.
"After I tried closing the door, he stopped me and said I needed to pay. Realizing I'd have to bend over facing in his direction to get my wallet out of my purse, I got so turned on I almost instinctively brought my hand to my crotch! I barely caught myself in time and he didn't notice. After setting down the pizza, I bent over, reaching for my purse, and I could feel my breasts spill forward. I was lucky I was wearing a bra, or they would've fallen out of my top! I was busy searching through my purse, so I couldn't see what the young man was looking at, but I could feel his eyes on my tits. It took me awhile to get my wallet, long enough that when I stood back up, I was surprised the young man hadn't cum in his pants already! To be frank, I don't know how I hadn't either!", she yells, with pleasure growing in her voice.
Almost there, just a few more thrusts and you're going to cum!
"I handed him the money, and as I was closing the door, I brought one hand up to my left breast and gave it a bounce, then squeezed it hard on the bottom, pushing it out of the top of my shirt even more!", she says, finishing the story.
At the thought of your naughty girlfriend playing with her own tit in front of the delivery man, you blast your load into her pussy. Kaitlyn reaches another climax at the same time, her pussy contracting around your member. You leave your cock inside her for a few moments while it shoots the last few ropes inside. Slowly pulling out, your cum dribbles out and onto the floor.
Looking at Kaitlyn, you both smile naughtily, knowing this amazing experience has only just begun. Having just played with herself sexually for a strangers entertainment, though just briefly, you know Kaitlyn is getting very comfortable with the idea of doing naughty things in front of others.
Another couple of days pass with you and Kaitlyn staying at home and getting situated. As the sun starts to set, you start to feel bored with staying inside so much, so you suggest a nice dinner meal out to Kaitlyn. She fancies the idea and agrees it would be nice to get out of the house now that most of the moving-in and organizing is done. After looking up a few more expensive restaurants nearby, you pick one you think would be tasty.
You and Kaitlyn both head upstairs to the bedroom to get changed and ready to go eat. Having separate closets, you split ways and head to your closet. Looking through your dresser and shirt rack, you find a nice pair of dark black jeans and a somewhat fancy long sleeve grey button-up. After applying some cologne, you're satisfied with your outfit and head back out into the bedroom.
Kaitlyn is already there waiting on the edge of the bed. She stands when she hears you and turns to check you out. You strike a few poses, trying to be jokingly sexy, and she can't help but laugh. It has been awhile since she saw you dressed up, albeit not entirely fancy, and she's very pleased with what you picked out. With her satisfied, you turn your attention to what she's wearing.
A little stunned, you fail to react more than a slightly open mouth at first. Kaitlyn is wearing the tight green dress you picked out for her at the store the other day. Though the dress covers about the same amount of her chest as the red top, you hadn't expected her to wear it for quite some time because of the length, or lack thereof, and tightness of the dress. It was a lot less conservative than the typical shin length, shoulder-covering, loose fitting dresses she has always worn and you can't believe Kaitlyn is choosing to wear it to the restaurant tonight. It's only been just over a week since you started this journey into your fantasy and here she is, already being more risky than you thought would be her limit.
"After being ogled at by the pizza deliver man so openly, I figure it can't be much worse to have the eyes on my backside instead. Especially since I'll be less likely to notice it," she says, turning around to give you a reminder of what that view looks like.
Her plump ass is complimented by the tight squeeze of the dress beautifully. It supports the underside of her cheeks, making it look even more full than it does naturally. As you determined when she tried it on in the store, it also adds a bit more bounce to her ass. Kaitlyn shifts her weight to her other leg and her ass flops around perfectly, enough to be noticeable by anyone that isn't staring directly up at the ceiling. You want to take her right here and now so badly, cancelling the dinner plans entirely, but you manage to hold back those desires as you know it will only get better as the night progresses.
You step towards Kaitlyn and roughly plant a hand onto her big soft ass while she's still facing away from you. She lets out a yelp from the force of your hand, but doesn't move away from you. You spin her around towards you to get a better look at her frontside. She's wearing a light violet lacy bra under the dress that, because of the dress' thin straps, has completely exposed straps of its own. A bit trashy for the somewhat respectable restaurant you're going to, you think to yourself, but sexy and slutty as hell.
Taking a moment to rub your hands across her covered breasts, you look into her eyes before kissing her passionately.
"I'm really loving this new you, baby," you say as you pull away from the kiss.
"I'm starting to like it as well. I can't believe how horny I got the last two times I wore skimpy clothing. Something inside of me just really enjoys showing off and having people look at my body!" she replies.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heading downstairs and getting into your car, you make the short drive to the restaurant. You help Kaitlyn get out of the car and start walking inside.
On the way towards the door, a group of 5 emerges from a car that parked near you at the same time. You notice its two girls and three guys. Two of the guys are holding a respective girl's hand, with the third guy being on his own, presumably single. They follow your path towards the front door and you can hear them talking amongst each other.
"Holy shit, that's a fat ass! Man, the things I'd do to be with a girl like that!" one of the guys says, clearly too honest to be anyone but the single one.
"Oh come on, have some respect for once in your life, Braden!" one of the girls replies to his remark.
"Can you really blame him, Jess? Look at it! That's one of the best asses I've ever seen! You can see it jiggle with every step!" the other girl argues, defending Braden.
"What do you think, Ty? Wouldn't you want to share a girl like that with me?" the second girl adds, seemingly questioning her boyfriend.
"Of course, baby! You know how much I love a big ass. And she sure has one!" Ty responds enthusiastically.
The group continued talking, but the rest of the conversation was pretty difficult to hear given their distance behind you. You loved hearing them talk about your girlfriend though. It was so hot knowing that Kaitlyn was seen as a prize by others, enough so that they noticed it without her having to do anything other than walk in a moderately tight dress.
Continuing to walk towards the door of the restaurant, you whisper to Kaitlyn.
"Take something out of your purse and drop it. Make it seem like an accident."
She takes a moment to register what you just told her to do and has a confused look on her face. She clearly hadn't heard any of the conversation taking place behind her. Having already followed your command at the restaurant last week to pull her shirt down, she doesn't question it this time and just follows your instructions.
Reaching into her purse and pulling out a pen, she fakes fumbling with it in her hands and drops it onto the parking lot. Not needing instruction on what to do next, she bends over, keeping her legs as straight as the dress will let her, and picks up the pen. As she does so, the dress tightens around her ass and raises up about four inches around her thighs, just like it had in the clothing shop.
Unable to hear much of a reaction from the group behind you, all you're able to tell is that their conversation has stopped.
Kaitlyn stands back up and continues walking with you into the restaurant. After letting the greeter know you've arrived, you and Kaitlyn stand to the side to wait for your table to be ready.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The group of five walks in just a few seconds afterwards and follows suit, standing next to you and Kaitlyn. One of the girls stands directly by Kaitlyn's side. She has long straight brown hair and is about the same height as Kaitlyn. She's wearing a tight and shiny black dress that shows off her large bust enticingly well. She appears to be fairly thin other than her chest, but has a nice shape to her dress-outlined ass.
Looking at Kaitlyn and getting her attention, she strikes a conversation.
"Thanks for that show back there. You've got a really nice ass! Its nice to see another couple that enjoys showing off the girl!" she says to Kaitlyn.
"Uh... show? What show?" Kaitlyn asks, trying to act innocent.
"Oh, please! Pulling a pen out of your purse for no reason when walking into a restaurant, and immediately putting it away after picking it up? You had no use for that pen other than dropping it!" the girl accuses.
Stuttering and unable to come up with an excuse, you butt into the conversation to help Kaitlyn out.
"I heard what you guys were saying about her ass, so I figured you wouldn't mind seeing a bit more of it. I told her to drop something on 'accident'," you explain to the girl.
"Just as I figured. But your girl here doesn't seem to want to admit that she just showed off her ass to five strangers! Still new to it, I'm guessing?" the girl asks.
Kaitlyn starts blushing and slightly turns away from the girl, too embarrassed at being called out for doing something so naughty.
"Very. She just agreed to start wearing more revealing clothes a little over a week ago. She's only done a couple of things like what you just saw since then," you explain.
"Ohhhh! A new slut! How cute! Well, my name is Abby and I've been a slut with my boyfriend, Ty's permission for a couple of years now. We'd love to have you over to our place and help you get more into the lifestyle if you're interested!" Abby says as she writes her number down on a small notecard, making sure to hand it to you instead of Kaitlyn.
Just as Abby finishes talking, her group is called to be taken to their table. Abby takes a second to scan her eyes over Kaitlyn's body, making it purposely obvious, before she walks away with her group. She's clearly interested in more than just helping Kaitlyn get used to wearing more revealing clothes.
Shortly after, your table is ready and you're escorted to it. Sitting down and looking at Kaitlyn, you're curious what she's thinking.
"Well, that was interesting! Based on her choice of clothing, I'd say she's a pretty experienced slut! What do you think? Should we message her and meet up with her and her boyfriend? Maybe it'd be good to get some advice and comforting words from a couple that's already far along into this fantasy of mine," you question Kaitlyn with a clear hint of where you stand on the matter.
Kaitlyn thinks about what just happened before finally replying to you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Sure, why not? She seemed to really be happy and confident about what she was wearing, maybe she could talk some of that confidence into me!" Kaitlyn says to you.
Being reminded of what Abby had been wearing, you couldn't help but think about her large tits that were on display in her black dress. They were a considerable amount bigger than Kaitlyn's, whose are already quite large. Abby's dress was a strapless corset type dress that pushed up and in from the sides, causing her breasts to bulge out upwards, barely being contained. You can't help but replace Abby with Kaitlyn in your mind. Seeing Kaitlyn wear something like that would complete your life.
You and Kaitlyn talk about Abby a bit more, curious what her and her boyfriend Ty will have to say. During your conversation, Kaitlyn makes a few remarks about Abby's looks and her breasts, saying how sexy she thought Abby looked and how she was starting to understand why guys loved tits and sluts so much. She has never made comments about another woman's body like this before, so it caught your attention. You take note of it but don't say anything about it.
Throughout the course of the meal you and Kaitlyn catch quite a few guys taking glances at her, but nothing much else happens. The main attraction is hidden while Kaitlyn is sitting down. You're happy with her progression so far, especially with the things she has done recently on her own accord, but you're interested in pushing things further. There's always more naughty things to do in public.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
An idea pops into your head and you share it with Kaitlyn.
"Baby, I want you to go to the bathroom and take off your bra and panties. Use your panties to make a ponytail in your hair, but I want you to walk back to the table with your bra in your hands," you instruct her.
"Oh my god, are you serious?" she asks nervously.
"Yes, I am. I normally wouldn't just skip a step in getting you more comfortable with doing naughty things in public, but your dress isn't short enough for people to notice you're not wearing panties. I figure it'd add even more excitement to the whole thing if you risked people seeing you carry around your bra, and maybe even noticed the pair of panties in your hair!" you explain with a bit of excitement.
"Oh gosh... okay fine. I can't believe I'm agreeing to this! What if someone catches me? What do I say?" she questions.
"If someone sees you carrying the bra and stops you, just give it to them with a wink and keep walking!" you tell her, obviously joking.
After mustering up the courage, Kaitlyn gets up out of the booth and heads towards the bathroom. You watch her ass sway back and forth as she leaves, enjoying the sight with every bounce.
A few minutes later, you see Kaitlyn walking back to your table. She's holding her light violet bra in her right hand down by her side. She has it scrunched up as much as possible, but because of her large bust, she can't hide the entire bra in her small hands. Even from a distance you can tell what it is.
Kaitlyn reaches the table and sits back down, placing her bra in by her thigh and hidden from view. She swings her head to the side, causing her hair to fly over her shoulder in front of her. Keeping her head looking to the side, she pulls on her ponytail to straighten it, giving you a good look at her panties wrapped around it. Its insanely obvious that its panties and not a regular hair scrunch. Anyone within 10 feet can see clear as day what's in her hair. What a sexy sight. Your girlfriend's panties are on full display for anyone who notices them. Such a dream.
Seeing your smirk and face in awe, she drops her hair and smiles naughtily.
"That wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be! It feels weird to have a breeze on my pussy and people definitely noticed the bra in my hand as I walked back here, but I didn't really care too much. I just thought about how happy it'd make you to see me do it and it gave me the courage to keep walking. God, that was so hot though. I almost want to just do it again! That really got me going," Kaitlyn says with a clear hint of arousal on her face.
She handled that a lot better than you expected. And even enjoyed it! You're very pleased, but you see an opportunity to go even further. Much further.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"We're not done yet, baby. Not even close! Put your bra on the table," you command her.
She freezes, staring into your eyes. She doesn't say anything, but her jaw drops slightly in shock at what you want her to do. You nod slowly, reinforcing that you're serious about what you want her to do. She hesitates with her movement, but eventually you see her hand appear from under the table. She gently places the bra up against the wall of the booth, at the far end from the walk way by your table. She retracts her hand back under the table slowly, as if normal movements would bring more attention to her garment she just left on the table.
Still looking into your eyes, she starts to blush. She keeps eye contact to help comfort her through the risky act. The restaurant is busy with people and there is constant traffic past your table. There's no way nobody has noticed the large, out of place bra laying on the table, but nobody has reacted yet. Spotting your waitress across the room, you flag her down. Kaitlyn knows what's coming, so she looks down at the table and shields her eyes as if she was blocking the sun. She can't believe what you're about to do!
The waitress reaches your table and immediately notices the bra. She stares at it for a moment before turning to look at you. She's clearly confused, but doesn't mention it.
"Hey, I was just wondering if you could give us your honest opinion on my girlfriend's hair? Do you think it looks good in a ponytail? Go ahead, show her Kaitlyn!" you tell her devilishly.
Kaitlyn is utterly embarrassed and keeps her eyes shielded from view, but immediately does what you suggest. She turns her head away from the waitress and presents her hair just like she did for you. You watch for the waitresses reaction and you see her eyes widen as she locks on to the hair "tie". She thinks about what to say for a short second.
"Umm... I think it looks great!" she says with a mix of shock and genuine opinion.
"Thanks, that's all I needed!" you tell her as a dismissal.
The waitress walks away. Kaitlyn slowly uncovers her eyes and looks at you. She cannot believe what you just made her do, but she can't hide the enjoyment on her face. She bites her lip and then mouths the word "fuck" as her eyes roll back in her head.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You and Kaitlyn finish your meal with her bra still laying openly on the table. She makes no move to hide it and doesn't request that you let her. Her comfort has grown tremendously with the idea, perhaps exaggerated a slight bit from her level of arousal, but still mostly true.
After paying, you and Kaitlyn stand up to head out of the restaurant. Kaitlyn grabs her bra from the table and holds it in her hand without being instructed. She even holds it by one of the cups, rather than balling it up in her hand as much as she can. This makes it crazily noticeable and is enough to turn heads as you both walk out of the restaurant.
Once back in the car, you fill Kaitlyn in on the conversation you overheard from the group Abby was with when you first arrived at the restaurant. As you're detailing it, you notice Kaitlyn's hand reaching up her dress in her crotch. Finishing filling her in, you flick your eyes from hers to her hand and back, letting her know you see what she's doing.
"I can't help it! I'm so unbelievably turned on right now. I had to hold back from doing it in the booth! Being a slut in public and showing off my body in public is really starting to turn me on. I'm still so nervous about it all, but having you there to guide me through it and be by my side while I act like a slut... It makes me want to do more!" she exclaims.
Progress, progress, progress. She's really starting to have the mindset of a slut. Being a slut is starting to fuel her, making her want to do more and more. You don't think there's any going back now. Kaitlyn will always be at least this level of a slut. The thought of that drives you wild.
"Let's do more then. We'll meet with Abby and Ty and see what they have to say about it," you remind Kaitlyn of her agreement of letting you message Abby.
Pulling out your phone and entering the number Abby gave you, you type out a text.
"Hey, its Nick and Kaitlyn. The guy and his slut you met at the restaurant tonight," the text reads.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After some back and forth texts with Abby, you set up a time to go by her and Ty's place with Kaitlyn to hang out and talk a couple of days after meeting them at the restaurant. She says they have a small swimming pool in their backyard, so to bring bathing suits. As you and Kaitlyn are getting dressed and ready to head over there, you watch as she packs a bag with sunscreen, snacks, and her bathing suit. She walks into the closet to start changing out of her pajamas and into her outfit. You see this as the perfect opportunity to push her further into your fantasy. Sneaking over to where you've kept the two bikinis you secretly bought for her, you take the more revealing one out and tiptoe over to Kaitlyn's bag. Snatching out the bathing suit she chose and replacing it with the bikini, you hide her bathing suit in the secret spot with the other remaining bikini.
Dressed and ready to leave, Kaitlyn comes out of her closet to get your opinion on her outfit. She knows exactly what you'll think but loves seeing your reaction every time she gets dressed now. Once again, she has chosen an even more revealing top without you needing to request it. She's wearing the long sleeve white top with the low U-shaped neckline. As you remember from the store, the hem of the shirt is wrapped around her body just under her breasts. Almost the entirety of her midriff is exposed and certainly more of her cleavage can be seen than in any of the other tops you bought recently. Wearing torn jeans as usual, this pair is tighter than most of her other ones. The shape of her ass is beautifully portrayed in them. Under the white shirt, you can see the topside of a pink bra sticking out. Slutty yet again. You love it. You love her.
Popping back into reality and finding yourself staring at Kaitlyn's chest for what must have been the better part of a minute, you look up into her eyes with a wide smile. She giggles at your enjoyment of the view and runs over to you for a hug.
"Thanks so much for being so patient with me about this fantasy of yours, Nick. I'm sure you wish I'd already be wearing a micro bikini and flashing other guys my tits every time we go out, but I really appreciate that you haven't complained about my slow progress. I'm really starting to enjoy being slutty and I'd love to keep trying new and more risky things. I've been noticing that whenever you instruct me to do something slutty, it's a lot easier to convince myself to do it the first time, and then I wouldn't even hesitate the second time. I just don't have the courage to do much on my own just yet. So, feel free to keep instructing me whenever you want. Just keep going slow, please!" Kaitlyn tells you, still wrapped around you.
"Of course, baby. I wouldn't want to push you too far and cause you to back out of this journey of ours. I'll keep finding new slutty things for you to do, but if you ever really feel uncomfortable with it, please don't be afraid to say no. I won't be upset, I promise," you comfort her.
Hugging for a little bit longer and taking one more deep look at her outfit, you grab the bag Kaitlyn packed and hop in the car together to drive to Abby and Ty's house.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Right as you pull into their driveway, Ty walks out to greet you. He introduces himself since he hadn't done so at the restaurant like Abby did. He gives your hand a firm shake and then turns to do the same with Kaitlyn. As he shakes her hand, Ty takes a moment to take in Kaitlyn's outfit and body. He doesn't try to hide it, but he makes it quick as to not be too disrespectful.
Leading you inside, you're amazed with the size of their home. It doesn't appear to be much larger than the one you and Kaitlyn just moved into, but it is very fancy and looks extremely expensive. The front door leads into a massive modern-looking living area with two couches and several chairs set up in front of a huge flat screen TV. Ty leads you to one of the couches and encourages you and Kaitlyn to sit down and make yourselves at home. He offers to bring some beverages and you and Kaitlyn both accept.
"Abby is upstairs doing something, she should be down any minute now," Ty says as he walks out of the room and into the kitchen to retrieve the drinks.
Ty returns a short while later with drinks for everyone and starts getting to know you and Kaitlyn. During your conversation, Abby walks down the stairs and comes over to greet you and Kaitlyn. Abby is wearing a very revealing white crop top that is perhaps a couple of sizes too small for her bust size. The small size of the top pushes Abby's breasts together and presents them enticingly. She's wearing baggy white sweatpants to match, very casual but not anywhere close to being slutty. Abby looks incredibly sexy, you must admit. Being an absolute 10/10, she's the type you'd have chased after if you hadn't been dating Kaitlyn. With less distractions than in the restaurant, you can't help but check out Abby more than you had before. As you had noticed prior, her breasts are noticeably bigger than Kaitlyn's already rather large breasts. They sit perfectly in the tight crop top and look extremely soft.
After hugging Kaitlyn and introducing herself more formally than before, she turns to look at you and notices what you've been looking at. You realize she's looking at you and immediately apologize, becoming very embarrassed.
"Oh, stop! Don't worry about it! You can look at my tits all you want! That's what I like to think they're for, anyway. Really, I don't mind. Forget my eyes exist and talk directly to my tits and I still wouldn't care!" she explains like a true slut.
Unbelievable. Those are the exact words you want engrained into Kaitlyn's mind. Here you are, meeting a stranger for basically the first time, and she just told you that you can burn holes into her tits with your eyes! It's partially the self-objectification, but mostly the nonchalance about being so sexually open, honest, and relaxed with other people when you're in a relationship that gets you so turned on. Abby seems like the type to not care if you just walked up to her right now and grabbed her tits. And that's exactly why you're here. Well, sort of. She's the perfect slut role model for Kaitlyn. It will probably work wonders for Kaitlyn's confidence about being a slutty exhibitionist by getting to know and talk to a masterclass slut like Abby.
Abby walks up to you and comes in for a hug, the same as she did with Kaitlyn. About the same height as Kaitlyn, Abby's head comes up to about your chin. Her breasts press up against your chest. She squeezes tight and you can feel everything. She's not wearing a bra and the very thin crop top is almost unnoticeable up against you. Her soft tits feel amazing up against your body and you almost don't want to let go. It's clear she's making extra contact on purpose, intentionally pushing her large breasts into you, and giving you a moment to take it all in.
Luckily for you, Abby pulls away. If she hadn't, you probably would've stayed like that for the rest of your time here and it would've been awkward. As Abby walks over to the other couch to lay down by Ty, your mind reels with thoughts. She's wearing such a revealing top, she just gave you permission to look at her tits as much as you want, and she pressed her tits up against you on purpose, all in front of her boyfriend! Almost speechless, you can't believe your luck with meeting Abby. She could probably have Kaitlyn going topless in public by next week!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Talking for a couple of hours and getting to know each other, you learn a lot about the couple. They've been dating for a couple of years now; both are 22 years old. Ty owns one of the largest accounting firms in the state, passed down from his father who recently retired. Ty doesn't do much work himself, choosing to pay people to manage most of the business for him, so he has quite a lot of free time. Abby doesn't work at Ty's request but does modelling gigs every now and then to bring in some cash for herself and because she finds it fun and naughty. Being basically set for life just like you and Kaitlyn are, even if something goes wrong with the accounting business, Ty prefers to spend as much time with Abby as he can while they're still young.
Soon enough, the conversation starts to shift into the main reason why you and Kaitlyn are here. You and Kaitlyn explain how you've both recently started exploring this slut/exhibitionist lifestyle and how much progress Kaitlyn has already made from her very conservative start. You tell Abby and Ty what your end goal is for Kaitlyn, hoping that she will eventually be willing to do things with other guys. Things like having sex with them, or at the very least giving them blowjobs. For now, though, you explain you just hope for Kaitlyn to get to the point where she's comfortable wearing even more slutty clothing, doing daring things like flashing her tits or ass to you or masturbating in public, and letting strangers see her tits or ass and grope her.
Neither Abby nor Ty is surprised by this like most people would be. Rather, they seem to completely understand what you want, and they immediately turn their attention to Kaitlyn. Asking her a few questions like how comfortable she is with things, if she thinks she would ever do the things you just mentioned, and what she thinks about the whole situation, she takes a second to come up with an answer.
"I'm not comfortable doing things on my own yet. As I told Nick this morning, I need him to keep instructing me on what to do. When he does, I feel more comfortable doing it and, after the first time, I feel much more comfortable doing it a second time, maybe even on my own. I've started to really enjoy doing slutty things so far, even getting pretty... aroused when doing them. I want to delve deeper into this fantasy of his and do more risky things in public, but the thing I'm not sure about is doing stuff with other guys. I love Nick and I've never had any thoughts about other guys since we started dating years ago. Even though it's what he wants me to do, I'm just not sure about it yet. It feels too much like cheating to me," Kaitlyn explains, giving everyone an insight to her feelings on everything.
"Your feelings are totally valid, Kaitlyn. That's exactly how I felt when Ty first brought up his fantasies with me too!" Abby comforts Kaitlyn.
Abby goes on to explain how she got over the feeling of the fantasy being "cheating" by Ty explaining to her that he will always love her no matter what she does with other guys. If they're together at the end of the day and still love each other, it isn't cheating. Cheating is going behind your partner's back to do things with people. With proper communication and clear boundaries, the wife-sharing slut fantasy that you want for Kaitlyn isn't cheating and is a totally normal desire that some people have. This seems to comfort Kaitlyn greatly.
Ty adds to what Abby says and describes how far him and Abby are into the lifestyle and why he enjoys it. He talks about how he has complete control over Abby, that she does everything he tells her to. He loves having control over her and she loves being controlled. It's the perfect dynamic for them. He describes that Abby wears the clothes he picks out for her, she would wear a butt plug, leash, or vibrator out in public if he asked, and she will do any act he commands of her. Whether the act is flashing a stranger, letting them grope her, or going home with Abby to fuck her. With almost the exact same reasoning you like the fantasy, Ty says he enjoys it because he loves seeing other guys or girls lust over his girlfriend and he thinks it's hot as hell watching your partner be a naughty slut that does taboo things. Ty explains that he knows Abby is sexy, and it turns him on to see her be confident in herself enough to show off and tease people. At the end of the day, even if Abby fucks a stranger, he finds it hot knowing that she will always come back to him, and that stranger will never get any amount of love from Abby. The fantasy is purely out of fun and entertainment for the couple. The fact that strangers get anything out of it is just a lucky coincidence for those who do.
Abby butts in again and details what her journey has been like since the beginning. She started out wearing more revealing clothing than her already-so clothing. Once she got comfortable with that, she moved on to not wearing any panties or bras. Next, she started putting herself in situations where guys would be encouraged to look at her body, like dropping crumbs of food on her breasts, bending over, and purposely making her ass or tits bounce. As her comfort level continued to rise, she was completely used to guys looking at her, so the next step up was to get rid of the awkward barrier that was still there. That's when she started openly giving everyone permission to look at her. This evolved into offering to let anyone, even girls, touch her if they asked or mentioned anything about her body. This was where she had first discovered she was bisexual. One thing led to another, and she eventually brought up the idea of threesomes or even swinging with Ty. He had agreed, and now they both do things with strangers. And lastly, when Abby was used to getting groped by strangers, it didn't take much more to be comfortable with fucking them. She explains that there was never a moment where she regretted doing anything she described and that she never once had an ounce of love for anyone other than Ty. Abby makes it abundantly clear that there is a difference between sexual acts meant for sexual pleasure or fun, and real love. She says that while she certainly has fun doing things with strangers, the level of love and respect she and Ty have for each other is what keeps the relationship strong and healthy, that nothing either of them can do with a stranger will ever compare to being with each other.
With the conversation ending, Abby suggests that Kaitlyn take some time to take everything in and, to not feel pressured for a quick answer or decision, that you should all relax and have some fun in the pool. Taking the hint and standing up, Abby leads you and Kaitlyn to the guest bedroom on the first floor for you to both change into bathing suits.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kaitlyn heads into the bedroom while you take a moment to stay outside and talk to Abby.
"Thanks a lot for doing this. Our relationship is incredible as is but getting Kaitlyn involved in this fantasy of mine is an absolute dream. I really appreciate your willingness to help," you thank Abby.
"It's no problem at all! I kind of enjoy turning other girls into sluts. Especially smoking hot ones like your girlfriend!" she replies, laughing but clearly not joking.
"I'd love to be the first one to get my hands on her when she gets to that level, but if she's not interested in doing anything with girls, I totally understand! Just try to find out for me, will ya?" she adds in question before turning around and heading upstairs to change.
Walking into the bedroom to find Kaitlyn, you find her already changed into the bikini you swapped for her bathing suit earlier. She turns to meet your gaze and has a hint of blush in her face.
"You little brat! When did you buy this? And how did you manage to swap it for my bathing suit without me noticing?" she questions playfully.
"I uh... I bought it when we went clothes shopping. You took a phone call, and I found a couple of bikinis I thought you'd eventually like to wear. I chose two of the more conservative ones, this one having the most coverage of the two I got. As you can see though, it's a lot more revealing than the one-piece bathing suits you normally wear. I hope it isn't too much for you," you tell her, really hoping you didn't push her too far.
"No, it's fine. I feel comfortable with Ty and Abby already. Maybe if it was in front of other people, I wouldn't even consider wearing it just yet, but for today it's fine. I'm sure Abby will be wearing something even more revealing anyway. Besides, this bikini is really cute. Good choice, babe," she says, causing you to sigh with relief.
You take a couple of minutes to absorb the incredible sight of Kaitlyn in a bikini for the first time. Sure, you've seen her naked before. You could probably pinpoint every freckle and mark on her body. But there's just something so sexy about the amount of tease different types of clothing add to the body. You don't think you'll ever get used to seeing her in skimpy clothing. Every time will be like the first.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You eventually manage to peel your eyes off your beautiful girlfriend and get changed into your own bathing suit before heading to the back of the house with Kaitlyn by your side. You find Ty and Abby already in the pool eagerly waiting for you. Sure enough, Abby is wearing an extremely revealing white bikini. The top piece has a decent amount of fabric, perhaps equivalent to the one Kaitlyn is wearing, but just like her crop top from earlier, it seems to be one or two sizes too small. Its tightness pushes her breasts together to form a deep and incredible line of cleavage between them. The bottom piece of her bikini has much less coverage than Kaitlyn's, barely covering a triangular area of her pelvic region.
As you and Kaitlyn walk towards the pool, Ty and Abby hoot and holler, cheering on Kaitlyn and her "choice" of bikini. Kaitlyn giggles and covers up a little bit from the attention but gets used to the eyes being on her quickly and drops her arms by her side.
Sitting down on the edge of the pool and sliding in, everyone talks amongst each other for awhile while tossing a frisbee and drinking beverages. You notice both Ty and Abby taking quick glances at Kaitlyn's body, but just like Ty had done when you first arrived at their house today, they don't linger their eyes too long as to not be disrespectful. You take note of this and greatly appreciate their respectfulness towards Kaitlyn and, like you, they clearly don't want to push her too far too quickly. They're also showing you a lot of respect too by talking to you just as much, if not more, as Kaitlyn, even though she is the main attraction. They're obviously interested in becoming friends, rather than just wanted to get their hands on your girlfriend.
With everyone getting tired and wanting to relax, the group heads out of the pool. You and Kaitlyn lead the way up the pool stairs, with ty and Abby following closely behind.
"Holy shit her ass looks even better than I first thought," Ty whispers to Abby, trying to keep his voice unheard by others, but failing.
"I heard that!" Kaitlyn says, peeking over her shoulder at Ty with a slight glare.
"Sorry. Really sorry. That was wrong of me," Ty replies, genuinely apologetic.
"I'm only kidding! If Abby is fine with Nick and I looking at her sexy, luscious tits whenever we want, it's only fair I let you two do the same with my ass. Only my ass though. I don't think I'm ready to let anyone have free reign of my tits just yet," Kaitlyn says.
Abby catches up to you at the top of the steps and has a sexy look on her face. You can only imagine this is because of what Kaitlyn just said, since it's a hint at Kaitlyn potentially being interested in girls, or Abby specifically. Abby confirms your suspicion by flicking her eyes to Kaitlyn's backside, then back to you, and quickly raising her eyebrows twice suggestively while biting her lip.
You turn to see Ty's reaction to what Kaitlyn said. He meets your gaze and mouths the word "Wow", followed by the "Okay" hand signal. You can't hold back a snicker, enjoying the satisfaction others are getting from your girlfriend being naughty.
Finding yourself in a line beside Ty and Abby, all three of you walk inside behind Kaitlyn, all staring right at her voluptuous round ass. It rocks with every step and bounces back and forth as her hips sway. It takes you a second, but you recognize how she is walking. With the same extra motion in her stride, she's repeating the exaggerated bounce in her step that she did when showing off her outfit to you on the night you ordered pizza. She's showing off! She's purposely making her ass shake more! What a slut, you think. That's my slut.
Now back inside, everyone takes some time to dry off while Abby makes dinner. The meal goes well, with just some casual conversation happening as you get to know the couple even better. After everyone is done eating, Abby turns her attention to Kaitlyn once more.
"Hey Kaitlyn, would you mind coming upstairs with me for a few minutes? I have something to show you," she asks with a smirk on her face.
Kaitlyn agrees nervously. Abby reassures her it's nothing bad, and the two head upstairs. You and Ty synchronously turn in your chairs to watch them leave and laugh together when you realize you both had the same idea.
The girls return about ten minutes later. Kaitlyn has a large bag in her hands, but doesn't mention it, so you decide not to question it. Having stayed long enough, you decide it's time to head home. Saying your goodbyes, you shake Ty's hand and Abby brings you into a tight hug once again. She pushes her breasts into your chest yet again, giving you the same heavenly feeling as before. As you're hugging Abby, you watch Kaitlyn say goodbye to Ty over Abby's shoulder. Ty respectfully reaches his hand out for a handshake like he had done when you first arrived, but Kaitlyn pushes it to the side and goes in for a hug instead. She makes it quicker and involves less contact than Abby's hugs, but it was enough for Ty to get his hands situated on her lower back, just above the arch of her ass. He makes extra sure not to place them any lower. He finally notices you watching. He moves his fingers up and down once in a smooth wave motion, keeping his palms on Kaitlyn's lower back, and blinks slowly as he nods once at you, reassuring you that he's not going to cross any boundaries.
Everyone breaking from their hug, the couple leads you out the front door and you head to the car. Ty and Abby say goodbye once more, telling you to keep in contact before they walk back inside. Already in the car, you watch Kaitlyn as she climbs in with her new bag. She sees you looking at it and smiles, placing it between your seats and starting to open it. Looking inside and moving some items around to get a better look, you're stunned at what you see. Kaitlyn laughs hysterically at your reaction and closes the bag, ready to go back home.