Après Le Dîner
Just desserts
Dinner was wonderful as expected and the four friends laughingly tried to solve many of the world's most pressing problems during their light-hearted discussions at the table. There was lots of kidding around throughout the meal with more than a little mild flirting and a sprinkling of sexual innuendo, mostly put forward by an especially playful Cate. The foursome retired to the living room with a glass of wine each and made themselves comfortable, sinking into the deep, plush luxury of the overstuffed sofas in the great room.
"Thank you guys so much for inviting us here today. We had a wonderful afternoon and we feel like you are going to spoil us with your attention and generosity.
"Tom and I were speaking before lunch and were thinking that it might be nice to have a little dance party tonight if you guys are into it and don't have any other activities planned for us. We had such a lovely time swaying with you two when we were last together and I thought it might be nice to try to recapture those moments. Everyone here is an accomplished dancer, well except for Tom maybe," Cate chuckled. "And we hoped that you might like the idea as much as we do."
Jason thought back to the last time he danced with Cate when he not only had the pleasure of holding her voluptuous body close to his but also had the singular satisfaction of stripping her naked in the process. It counted as one of the most erotic and exciting experiences of his life. And that was saying something, what with him being a master seducer and borderline sex addict. He wondered if he was going to get to dance with her again tonight or did she merely want for them to stay attached to their own spouses. He knew that Sasha held an attraction for Tom and would love to spend some time in a clinch with him on the floor. He would just play it by ear. Whatever was going to happen would happen, and that would be that. He wasn't going to push anything tonight.
"What a marvellous idea Cate. Not only are you our first guests to this place but you will now also be our first dance partners here as well. It somehow seems fitting doesn't it?" Sasha said, getting up to pick out some slow, romantic music. "Jason dear, can you arrange for some soft mood lighting for us, please? I'm so looking forward to this."
Jason dimmed the lights and the beautiful music filled the room, creating the perfect atmosphere for some sensual movement. The couples paired off and began to sway on the makeshift dance floor, holding each other close and submersing themselves in the moment.
"It's going to take a lot less time to strip you out of this outfit if that is part of our plan tonight," Tom whispered to Cate while holding her close. "Just a pull on that waist tie will open that dress completely and your thong, stockings, and heels will be your only protection from prying eyes and wandering hands. How are you feeling? Do you want me to get you naked or should we save that for our host?"
Jason and Sasha were engaged in their own little whispered conversation as they sensually moved as one on the floor. His hands slowly explored his wife's curves on the outside of her long, silky emerald skirt. The slit up the side gave ample access to her bare leg up to her hip, revealing the absence of underwear, and the ultra-low neckline of the matching blouse allowed for a perfect view of what looked like two soft pink, zeppelins trying to escape out of the top of her dress. Her nipples appeared to be trying to tear holes through the soft material and resembled two big buttons waiting to be pushed. Her marabou mules helped to beautifully shape the legs that were completely on show through the long slit in the skirt. The shoes propped up her firm peach of an ass to a level where one was tempted to either cup it, kiss it, or smack it.
"Oh, I think the sash is definitely going to get pulled away to reveal the goods at some point, don't you? But not while we're dancing, honey. It's highly likely that there will be a wardrobe adjustment or even a malfunction when our host gives us the tour. Would that sit well with you? I need to know what your expectations and limits are tonight so I'm checking in now. How are you feeling so far this evening? It's funny that Jason has not been the aggressive and suggestive hooligan that I remember him being, and I suppose that if this little game is to continue, it might be time for a bit of a role reversal. What are your thoughts, baby?" Cate asked.
"Honestly, I came here with the expectation of just having a great time and letting you follow your desires, whatever they may be, and wherever they may lead. Of course it goes without saying that my dressing you, or undressing you, as the case may be, was always going to be a big part of our activities here. Our poolside playtime demonstrated that pretty well I think.
"And you know, maybe a role reversal is called for tonight. As far as I'm concerned, you have no limits while we're here. I'm feeling really good about the situation. Confident. Centred. Anticipatory. I'm having a fun time and am very relaxed. The wine might have a little to do with that. I'm here for you and will support and encourage you in whatever you decide to do.
"Oh, just an aside... I brought along a magic, blue pill in case we decide we want to give it a shot. No pressure. Just being prepared," Tom explained to his beautiful smoke show of a wife.
"Well, take it now, baby," Cate suggested. "The combination of the meds, you showing me off naked, some physical contact, and just the general sex vibe might get that beautiful cock of yours to inflate enough that you can slide it into me for a while. Or maybe I will give you a top tier blowjob and empty the contents of those big balls of yours down my throat. Yum. Either way, I'm going to drain you of your cum sometime tonight, so you may as well keep that visual in your head, my love."
Tom was about to reply that he was looking forward to whatever happened this evening when he received a gentle tap on the shoulder.
"Would it be all right if I cut in, Tom?" Jason asked, looking directly at him and then to Cate. "I would love to again dance with my favourite waltz partner if that's all right with the two of you."
His demeanour was subdued and gentlemanly and both Cate and Tom were pleasantly surprised by this new attitude. It was certainly a different approach from the persistent, cocky womanizer that they had experienced previously.
"Absolutely Jason. I'm sure Cate would love to dance with you again, wouldn't you, my love? It's been some time since we were at your place and I know she very much enjoyed the experience then," Tom replied, smiling at his host. "And If I might, I'd love to take a few turns around the floor with Sasha again. I would be honoured to have another chance to dance with such a beautiful partner."
"Of course, I'd like nothing more than to have a few dances with Jason," Cate said. "And it looks like Sasha is over there waiting for you with open arms. Jason and I will relive old times. It'll be a nice little deja vu."
Cate extricated herself from her husband, planted a long, moist kiss on his mouth and slid into Jason's arms. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her squeezable body tightly against his, and squashed her soft, generous breasts against his solid chest. The smell of her perfume was intoxicating and Jason could feel his penis begin to rise as they slow-danced to the soft, sensual music coming from the stereo. Her nipples grew excited from the pressure, becoming as hard as ball bearings and threatened to tear through the delicate material of her thin wrap dress.
Jason remained the perfect gentleman and restrained himself from taking liberties. He did not let his hands stray to any of Cate's more inviting bits nor did he try to peer down her dress to get an eyeful of her bare, hanging breasts. There was no tit grab or even sneaky side boob rub. No butt caress or lifting of the dress hem. He didn't even attempt to grind his growing penis into her leg or crotch. It was a completely different Jason Sinclair from when they were last in this situation. He had, by her permission and the permission of her husband, stripped her naked in front of an audience of their spouses. While that situation didn't totally get out of hand, it did lead to quite a make-out and masturbation session.
Tom and Sasha were also melded together and swayed around the floor, always keeping an eye on the progress their mates were making a short distance away. Both were curious as to what was going to happen next but neither seemed too concerned one way or the other. They played the part of innocent voyeurs, content to watch and see what might transpire between their respective spouses. After all, the attraction those two held for each other had always been undeniably obvious and, truth be told, entertaining for them both.
As they danced by the fireplace, Tom spotted a large, expensive-looking leather case on the hearth. "That wouldn't be a backgammon game would it?" he asked. "Who here plays?"
Jason looked over his shoulder to reply, "We both do but I don't really like it much as I constantly lose. Sasha is a backgammon whizz and it's embarrassing to be savagely trounced with regularity. I've been skunked three times and I'm afraid I'm not a great loser."
Cate chuckled, looked to her husband and rolled her eyes. She knew what a fan he was of the game and that a gauntlet had been inadvertently thrown down. It was obvious to her where this was heading.
Her dance partner released his hold on her, turned to face Tom and said, "Anyway, I was wondering if now would be a good time for us to take a tour of the place since all you've seen so far is your suite, this room, the deck and the pool. There's lots to see on the upper level if you are curious. I'd be happy to show you around."
Tom looked at Sasha, then at his wife, and said, "You know what? As interested as I am in seeing the place, why don't you and Cate take the tour and I will stay here to try and do my best to unthrone Queen Sasha of Backgammon-land. I'm always up for a challenge and a seven-game set sounds like it might be a lot of fun. Cate, you can fill me in on anything I miss that you think might interest me. I can always nose around tomorrow and go on a little discovery tour then if that's allowed. Maybe Sasha can even be my guide. Are you okay with that? Or do you troublemakers need us to tag along as chaperones?"
"No, baby. I think we'll be good on our own. I'm sure we won't get into too much trouble. Well, we'll do our best anyway," Cate replied, with a mischievous smile. "Hopefully we won't get lost in this labyrinth of a place and have to send for a rescue party. Perhaps we'll leave some breadcrumbs just in case. Jason can show me all of the secret passages and shortcuts. You stay here with the lovely Sasha and let her show you the finer points of the game; that is unless the dice roll your way. Jason and I will head out, enjoy each other's company and see what there is to see."
Sasha and Tom had started to set up the board on the large teak coffee table and were pouring themselves another glass of wine when Cate came over, gave her husband a long, lingering kiss, and shot him a wink and a smirk as she broke away. She then leaned over to Sasha, took her face in her hands, and gave her a lusty, pouty-mouthed smooch as well. She stood up, turned, took Jason's arm and said, "Lead on my good man. Let's get the tour underway. I'm looking forward to this.
"Do I need to change into explorer clothes or am I dressed okay for this adventure? Cate asked, as they left their spouses behind. "Tom always chooses my outfits for me when we go anywhere together so of course I'm not wearing very much, as I'm sure you could tell when we were dancing."
"Yes, I did get a sense that there wasn't a lot of extra clothing under that gorgeous dress. I must commend your husband on his impeccable taste. That's the perfect outfit for a tour of this place. Come on... I'll show you the second level," Jason said, as they started up the wide, curved wooden staircase. "The massage room, dance studio, weight room, and music studio are all up here along with most of the other guest suites. All the interior design and furniture were imagined and procured by Sasha who went to great pains to make sure every room took on a life of its own and that each had a distinct artistic flavour. She hand-picked all of the art as well. She's quite proud of her achievements, as am I."
They poked their heads into several of the bedrooms, admiring the furniture, decor and art. Jason explained in detail the history and provenance of many of the pieces and paintings as the little tour progressed.
"Well, you've both accomplished an amazing feat here. The place is absolutely gorgeous. Congratulations to you both. And once again, thank you so much for inviting us. We're flattered to be your first guests and frankly a little surprised. Certainly, you must have closer friends than us with whom to share such an honour," Cate said, leading the way into the last one of the many unique bedrooms on the floor. "Oooh, I love this one. It's definitely my favourite so far. It's like being inside a Sultan's palace. So sultry and sexy."
Before Jason could respond, Cate drifted over to the foot of the California king-size, four-poster bed with its delicate diaphanous canopy and curtains. She stood and admired the beautiful portrait of a nude woman that dominated the wall above the large, ornate headboard. Jason followed her into the room and stood a couple of short paces behind her.
"I suppose that's true but both Sasha and I had a wonderful time with you two at the house and we couldn't think of any of our friends that were as much fun to be around. Also, I wanted to make amends for my... brazen... shameless... and very ungentlemanly pursuit of you. I'm not saying that that was not me... I am definitely that guy to a large degree... but upon much reflection, I realized that I was becoming unhealthily obsessed with possessing you and had come to realize, after getting to know you more intimately, that you are a beautiful, warm human being, a potentially lifelong friend to us both, and not just another sexual conquest."
Cate had turned to face him as he was speaking. He seemed more serious than she had ever seen him. Her eyes locked on his and her face was calm and devoid of emotion as she let Jason continue with his monologue. She remained standing with the back of her knees against the end of the bed but still a foot or so away from her host.
"Did I... no, do I... wish we could have a more... involved experience than the one we shared last we were together? Absolutely, I do. But I realized that it was never going to happen with me pushing you and pursuing you the way I did. Perhaps if I'd approached the situation with a little more patience, and above all, more respect, then... well... who knows? In any event, I've been wanting to say these things to you for some time and thought that your visit here might provide me with the perfect opportunity. And I'm glad that it has."
***
Meanwhile, back in the great room, Tom and Sasha were about to start game six of the seven-game backgammon series. Sasha had won three while Tom was able to notch two. All of the games were close and the pair were having a whale of a time playing, talking, joking, and occasionally accusing each other of cheating. They'd decided that playing the game for stakes was essential, so Sasha, in her infinite wisdom, had suggested kisses. However many discs were left in your home board when you lost were the number of kisses that were owed to the winner. Nothing slurpy, just nice soft kisses on the lips. The two were even having fun rating each other's kissing styles. They were greatly enjoying their time together while their spouses were off doing who knows what.
Tom was especially pleased because whenever Sasha leaned over the board and rolled the dice, her huge, braless breasts trembled and wobbled wildly under her loose, super low-cut top and Tom was treated to frequent glimpses of her generous bosom and thick protruding nipples. He really didn't care if he lost so long as his host kept shaking the dice with vigour as she bent over the board. Maybe this is how she got an advantage in this game. Distract your opponent. He was pretty sure she knew that he knew that she was doing it on purpose. Even the losers get lucky sometimes, as a wise man once sang.
"I wonder how the tourist and the tour guide are doing? They've been gone for some time now. There must be an awful lot to see up there," Tom mused, getting ready to roll the dice, the cubes rattling away in the cup.
"Oh, yes, there's definitely a great deal to see. It's a big place. I'm sure they're doing just fine. Do you need to go and check on them to see if they're okay?" Sasha asked, looking at her opponent with raised eyebrows. "You know... to make sure nothing untoward has transpired?"
"Uh-uh. No, not at all. It's fine. I'm sure it's all good and they'll join us when they're done with their... tour," Tom replied, giving her a wicked grin and then rolling doubles.
***
Back upstairs, Cate continued to stare at Jason for several seconds. She seemed to be weighing in her mind what she should say next and wondered if she should say anything at all. Jason remained mute and apparently transfixed, so she finally decided to advance the conversation.
"Well, thank you for saying all that, Jason. I appreciate it sincerely.
"So, of course you remember the last time we were together, I hope. You and I were on the couch at your house."
"Yes, of course I do. That would be an impossible thing for me to forget. To call it memorable would be an understatement. It was a very special encounter for sure," Jason said.
"I know you were hoping for more that night. Did you feel short-changed?"
"Of course I was hoping for more, I'm sure you could easily tell that. But no, I didn't feel short-changed at all. You gave me what you felt you could give, and if I'm honest, I felt lucky to get that. I mean, you let me strip you, fondle you, and bring you to orgasm. It was an unforgettable experience and I loved every second of it. Even if I did ruin a perfectly good pair of trousers," Jason said, with a crooked smile.
"What if tonight it were possible for you to have more? For us to go further?" Cate said, to a stunned Jason. "Would that idea appeal to you?"
"You have no idea how much. How could that happen? What about Tom?"
"If all you had to do was go downstairs and ask my husband to let us go further, what would you say to that? Would you be able to do it?"
"Yes, I certainly would. In a minute," Jason answered, quietly.
"Would you be respectful and polite to him?" Cate asked, being very serious now, looking deep into her host's eyes. "Do you understand that it would be his gift to us both?"
"Yes, of course I would. And I do understand that. I admit I have been rude and disgracefully dismissive of him in the past and for that I am truly ashamed. And I apologize. I was so focused on you that I completely ignored his presence and his feelings. I saw him as an impediment to my seduction of you when I should have realized that he was the key to that happening, if indeed it ever should.
"I can go tell him all of this to his face right now and ask for his permission or his blessing, however you want to call it," Jason answered, getting ready to leave.
Cate reached out and put her hands on his shoulders to stop him. "It's okay, you don't have to go down and ask him. I just wanted to know if you would and how you would handle it. Tonight, everything is entirely my call. I'm free to do as I please. Come here."
Jason moved closer as Cate pulled him into her body and kissed him with heated passion. She wrapped her arms around him and pressed her big, soft boobs into his chest. Her nipples sprang to life and dented the gauzy material of her dress, a testament to her quickly increasing arousal. Their tongues battled each other and their mutual desire increased with rapidity. Cate's hand went to the sash of her dress and tugged. It opened completely to reveal her magnificent, naked breasts and tiny thong. A garter belt framed her smooth southern hemisphere and held up her seamed, silk stockings. Jason's left hand zeroed in on her right breast as if magnetically drawn to it and squeezed, testing the soft, cushy flesh. He weighed the hanging globe in his palm before rolling the cigar butt nipple between his thumb and forefinger and pinching it firmly.
"Will you let me be a little rough with you tonight then, do you think?" Jason breathed, applying vice grip force to the turgid nub between his fingers.
"Ugh. You can be as rough as you like," Cate replied breathlessly, grunting as Jason increased the pressure on her nipple. "I won't break. You'll know if it's too much."
The passionate paramours resumed their kiss and Jason slid his hand down her silky body to rest between her legs. He cupped her plump, juicy mound over her damp thong and applied direct contact to her clit with the heel of his palm. His fingers traced over the delicate folds that were hidden beneath the tiny, useless piece of fabric.
"Pull them down," she told him. "You've been in this position before but this time I won't tell you what you can and can't do. If you want to taste me, go ahead. If you want to lick my clit, be my guest." With her hands still on his shoulders she gently pushed him towards the floor. "I want your mouth on my cunt."
He said nothing. He knew her words were designed to inflame his passion and spur him to action. He was ready to devour her. His fingers gripped the thin strings on her hips and began to drag the microscopic garment down her well-muscled thighs. He squatted on his heels to pull it over her smooth, shapely calves and then over her elegant heels. She lifted one foot at a time so that the thong could be removed and discarded to the side like the extraneous object that it was. He reached up, placed a hand on her chest and gently pushed. She fell back onto the bed and slid her ass to the edge, her stocking-clad legs parted slightly. Cate lay back, supported herself on her elbows and fixed her lust-filled gaze on Jason's face as it moved close to her dewy opening. Her host placed a hand behind each knee, spread her legs open and inhaled the aroma of her steamy sex. A string of her sticky juice connected her delicate flaps as they opened in anticipation. Her moist lady lips welcomed the tentative flick of his eager tongue and her syrupy nectar began to flow. He sucked the hot, dangling flaps into his mouth and savoured the flavour of her drooling cavity.
He flattened his tongue and made contact with the bottom of her hairless slit and dragged it upwards to push against her stiffening clit. And then back down. And then back up. He repeated the motion several times, eliciting a steady stream of soft moans and sighs from his horny houseguest. Her big tits hung loosely on her chest, their soft bulk hanging off to the sides of her body. Her thick nipples ached with desire and extended to their full length. She spread her legs wider, giving him total access to her eager cunt. Jason's left hand reached up to capture one of her boobs and closed his hand around it firmly, squeezing the pliant globe in his tightening fist. Cate loved it when her breasts were groped and mauled. Her loud groan encouraged her host to continue the rough handling of her soft, yielding flesh and he was happy to comply.
His right hand moved to her inflamed vulva and he pinched the fat lips between his thumbs and forefingers as he continued to slurp along her drooling cunt. He captured her engorged button between his lips and rapidly flicked it with his tongue causing her hips to push hard against his face and increase the pressure on her most sensitive parts. He could feel the intensity building in her and knew she was already close to climax so he slid two fingers into her wet channel while he continued to torture her nipple. He put excruciating pressure on her G-spot and spread her steamy hole open by inserting a third finger.
"Holy fuck. That's it, Jason. I'm so close. Don't stop," Cate yelped. She didn't care if she was loud and could be heard downstairs. She was certain that their respective spouses suspected the nature of their activities and that it would likely come as no surprise when she howled and shrieked with pleasure. "Oh, my gawd! Yes! Here I cum! Oh fuck!"
Cate screamed out in ecstasy as her orgasm washed over her with a fury unbridled. Jason redoubled his attack on her slobbering opening and her juices glazed his face and fingers. She bucked her hips and pushed forcefully against his invading digits and probing tongue. Her legs stiffened and vibrated and she tossed her head from side to side. Her loud moans and whimpers filled the room. Her cunt muscles clenched and released Jason's fingers with such power that they could easily have snapped a bread stick. The couple had approached a moment like this once before and Cate was reminded of how skilled her host was with his mouth and hands. But this time instead of just kissing and suckling her tits while he fingered her, she got to experience his oral expertise on her plump, bald pussy. She wasn't sure that he was any more skilled at it than her husband was but she would welcome a friendly competition between them anytime.
When her waves of rapture subsided, Cate sat up straight on the bed, her legs still lewdly spread open and her wet hole pulsing and dilated. Her big, teardrop tits were coated with a thin sheen of perspiration and her right nipple throbbed from the forceful pressure that Jason had inflicted on it. It ached, but it was the kind of ache she loved. Cate came to her senses and peered down at Jason, a smile plastered to her lightly flushed face.
"Normally, Tom would love to witness what is about to happen next and I would love to indulge him but this time it'll just be between you and I. Perhaps we'll give him something to watch later on. We'll see.
"Stand up," she commanded, locking eyes with her host.
Jason extracted his face and fingers from her gooey snatch and stood in front of her. His erection tented his pants and was reaching painful proportions. Cate leaned forward, placed her hands on his hips and brushed her cheek against his conspicuous bulge. She rubbed her face up and down against the front of his pants and felt his cock pulse through the thin fabric of his slacks. She reached up to massage his balls with one hand while the other remained on his hip to help steady him.
"Mmmm. This feels nice," Cate breathed, speaking directly into his hardened tool as she kept her face pressed to his crotch. She tilted her head upwards to see her host looking down at her with desire in his eyes, his breathing laboured.
"I've waited so long for this moment," Jason said, almost in a whisper.
"Well then, I promise to make sure it was worth the wait," Cate said, as she unbuckled his belt, undid the button, and slowly slid the zipper down. "And I assure you that I won't make you ruin your pants this time."
Using both hands, she pushed his trousers and his underwear down his legs to the floor. Jason's inflated penis bounced up against her face, leaving a warm, sticky little trail of pre-cum across her cheek and nose. She had felt his member through his pants before but had never laid eyes on it. It was just as she imagined it would be. Long. And thick. A lethal-looking weapon. It stood iron hard and leaked another long string of pre-cum that settled onto her tits and belly. The ropey veins bulged on his shaft and the fat, plum-sized head was purple with pent-up passion. Cate licked the sticky liquid from his glans and explored its spongy ridge with her tongue. She teased along the sensitive underside several times, eliciting loud groans of encouragement from her host who had placed his hands in her curls, more to steady himself than to guide her actions. She gently nipped at the corona with her teeth before placing her soft, moist lips over the throbbing knob and flicking her tongue against his slit.
"Would you like to get more comfortable, Jason?" Cate said, removing her lips from his pulsating cock. "You can sit on that chair in the corner and I'll get on my knees for you if you like. It's my turn I think."
Jason reluctantly released her head and stepped out of his pants. He backed up the few feet to the big wing chair and sat down with his legs spread, his huge erection glistened with saliva and pre-cum and pointed to the ceiling. Cate fixed her eyes on his and gave him a sexy smile as she slipped her dress off and let it float to the floor. She got down on her hands and knees and started to slowly crawl to where he now sat in the corner of the room, her hefty breasts dangling provocatively beneath her. With each motion forward her heavy tits swayed enticingly from side to side and presented an intoxicating view to her anxious host. She crawled at an excruciatingly slow pace towards Jason who drank in the erotic vision before him. He had never imagined he would see Cate in such a deliciously submissive position but even though her posture could be construed as one of subjugation, she still managed to project an aura of complete control and total dominance. She was a jungle cat about to devour her prey.
When she reached the chair at last, Jason's wide open legs allowed her to tuck herself in tightly between them and she rested on her heels. She continued to gaze into his eyes as she lowered her head, and in one smooth motion sucked the entire length of his rock-hard tool into her eager mouth. His bulbous cockhead banged against the back of her throat. A loud gasp, and then a moan, escaped Jason's mouth as he thrust his hips forward and clutched the arms of the chair in surprise and pleasure.
"Oh fuck," he exclaimed. "That feels so fucking good Cate."
She removed her hot, slurping mouth from his dick long enough to say, "And think how much better it's going to feel when you blast that big load of yours down my throat. Or would you rather decorate my face? Or you could do both if you want."
She didn't wait for his answer but instead resumed the task of devouring his mouthwatering cock. She grabbed his shaft by the base and squeezed tightly, stroking her hand back and forth while sliding the meaty tool in and out of her salivating mouth. She bobbed her head up and down with a precision motion designed to bring him to the brink of orgasm and then backed off just enough to keep him on the edge. She repeated this plan of attack several times. She fucked his cock with her mouth, pushing it to the back of her throat, occasionally letting the head pop out so she could rub it lasciviously over her lips and cheek.
"I don't want you to hold back, Jason. You've waited long enough for this and I'm determined to make you cum for me," Cate said, huskily. "Just let it go."
She moved farther up on her knees and crushed her soft, doughy jugs around his steel shaft and bounced up and down to allow his cock to fuck her sweaty melons. She spit between her tits to lubricate them and squashed them more firmly together, applying more delicious pressure to Jason's erection. The bulbous head of his penis appeared and disappeared repeatedly between her fleshy globes and she licked at it every time it peeked above her boobs, lapping up the flow of pre-cum that continued to seep from his slit.
"Oh fuck, Cate. I'm going to cum," he barked, pushing his hips upward.
Cate dropped back to her heels and engulfed his meat in her mouth as she felt his body begin to stiffen. She shoved her face forward and took his cock deep into her throat using the muscles there to entice him to orgasm. She cupped his enormous balls and squeezed them to coax the semen from their depths. His cock swelled in girth and began to pulsate as she furiously bobbed her head in an effort to finish him off. Cate planted her nose in Jason's groin and moaned as he started to unload in her mouth. The first two jets hit the back of her throat with such power that it forced her head back and allowed the subsequent spurts to coat her tongue. It enabled her to get a good taste of the thick, salty cream as it continued to surge from his pulsating prick. He groaned like a wounded animal and grabbed her head, taking big handfuls of her thick curly hair in his fists as she held her face tight to his groin. His balls pulled up tight and he just kept gushing; squirting stream after stream into her hungry mouth. She almost choked at one point but continued to swallow all that he had to give, refusing to let even a single drop escape. She wanted him to remember this as the best blow job ever.
Jason melted into the chair in post-orgasmic bliss and looked down at Cate with a dreamy, thankful look in his eyes. He saw her throat contract as she swallowed the load that had pooled in her mouth and the sight made him shiver. With his penis still between her lips, she attempted a little smile and gave him a naughty wink.
She took his deflating cock from her mouth and tapped it on her cheeks, enjoying the feel of its damp sponginess on her skin. She rubbed the remaining drops of semen on her lips and licked them clean.
"I hope that was everything you imagined it would be," Cate whispered in her sexiest voice, as she got up from her knees to retrieve her dress. "I really wanted to do my best for you. And you taste fucking great by the way."
"Thank you for that. You'll forgive me if I am speechless for a moment or two Cate," Jason replied, finding his own clothes and starting to pull himself together. "Mind-blowing doesn't even begin to describe it. You certainly are... an... um..."
"Amazing cocksucker?" Cate interrupted, belting her dress around her and retrieving her thong from the floor.
"That's not how I was going to put it but..."
"I know. If the shoe fits, and all that," Cate said, laughingly while pushing her chest out proudly, "I'm more than okay with the title. I know I've earned it. Tom calls me that all the time. I've worked hard to perfect my technique and I'm thankful that I've been able to practice on my man. A lot.
"Speaking of... we should head downstairs and see how the big tourney is shaping up with our spouses. I hope we didn't interrupt their concentration with our bellowing and yelping. I would hate to have disrupted their gameplay with ours," she quipped. "Are you okay there, Jason?"
"I feel a little weak in the knees but I think I'll survive the night," he replied jokingly.
"Heheh. Well, we'll see. Don't count your chickens," Cate said, chuckling.
***
Arm in arm, Jason and Cate unhurriedly finished their tour of the second level and checked out the rest of the facilities before they returned to the great room. They arrived to find Sasha and Tom cuddled together on the couch kissing and making out like a couple of high school kids in the back seat of Dad's Olds. Tom's shirt was off and Sasha's silky top was an emerald puddle on the floor. Her generous breasts were being slowly and sensuously manipulated by Cate's husband. His fingers toyed with her long, thick nipples that were swollen like acorns.
"Took you long enough," Sasha said, smiling at Cate. "Must have been quite the tour. Did you actually get to see anything while you were up there?"
"Oh... I think we saw enough," Cate replied, laughing.
"We heard some strange noises earlier on and were just a little bit concerned," Tom joked. "Sasha and I debated coming to see if you guys needed help but the backgammon games were holding our attention. We figured you two could sort out whatever the issue was on your own. Hopefully everything came out all right and no one was hurt."
"I think I can speak for my tour guide as well when I say that everything came out just fine, thanks for asking," said Cate, glancing at Jason and chuckling. "There were no injuries. Your concern, though appreciated, was unnecessary."
She plopped herself down on the other side of her husband and sandwiched him between herself and his bosomy backgammon opponent. She then planted a big, wet kiss on his mouth, pulled back and gave him a saucy wink. Although he couldn't really taste it, he detected the unmistakable scent of semen on her breath. She smiled at him knowingly, licked her lips lasciviously and took one of his hands in hers. She opened it and placed a small, balled-up piece of fabric in it before closing it into a fist.
"Somehow these fell off," Cate said, with a mischievous grin on her face, as Tom opened his fist and unfolded the tiny, damp thong in his hand. "Hope that's okay."
"Heheh. Absolutely. Don't give it another thought, babe. It's easy to understand how something like that can happen," Tom replied, first looking at a subdued Jason and then back to his wife. "The same thing appears to have happened to Sasha's blouse and my shirt."
Cate reached past her husband to capture one of Sasha's giant nipples in her fingers and pulled, eliciting a small yelp and a smile from her hostess. She released it suddenly and the large, heavy boob plopped back to its owner's chest, jiggling to rest beside its twin.
"So, am I to assume that you were playing strip backgammon down here while I was getting the grand tour? Doesn't look like you got too far," asked Cate, looking them both up and down.
Sasha laughed and looked at Cate who was a little flushed, and then at her husband who stood silently beaming. "Getting the grand tour? Is that what we're gonna call it? Now that's a euphemism if I've ever heard one."
"Nope. We were initially playing for kisses but when I lucked out and got the final win, these fabulous breasts you see before you were unveiled to me as my grand prize," Tom explained. "When I was offered a hug from this shapely, topless creature, I couldn't get my shirt off fast enough so that I could feel a little skin on skin. I am so thankful that the dice were on my side for game seven."
"Well, it seems that we were both blessed with good fortune this evening, my love," Cate said to Tom with a smirk. "Now that you two are done with your board game do you have any ideas as to what we should do next? What do you think, honey?"
"Is it my call? Do I get to decide?" asked Tom. "That seems presumptuous, no?"
"I think we can do whatever you want my sweet," Cate replied. "Can I assume that our hosts will allow us such latitude?" She looked back and forth between her hosts for confirmation.
Both Sasha and Jason were emphatic in their affirmation, nodding in unison while awaiting Tom's decision. The anxious couple were excited at the prospect of some additional naughty playtime with their guests. Jason blew his wife a kiss who in turn winked at her husband expectantly and returned his airborne smooch. They anticipated that tonight would end up being one for the books. Some boundaries had already been pushed and there were a few more yet to be crossed.
"Okay. Well, if it's up to me then... Cate, please stand up," Tom said, his tone firm and decisive but not demanding. "I would like you to remove your dress for us."
Cate kissed her husband and took two steps away from the couch, putting a little space between her, her husband, and their hosts. She looked into his eyes, turned her back to her audience, and for the second time tonight untied the sash at her waist. She let the dress hang open for a few moments and then, slipping the spaghetti straps from her shoulders, let the garment drop softly to the floor. She turned to face her husband and hosts, naked but for her garter belt, stockings and heels. The trio of onlookers let out a collective sigh as they admired her alluring bare naked form. Her big teardrop tits, prominent bald mound, damp hairless slit, and long, shapely legs formed a body that seemed to be a playground expressly built for sex. Her sudden nudity served to inflame the libido of all three observers. It was like throwing gas on a fire.
She looked at her husband and asked quietly, "What would you have me do now, my love? You know I'll do anything you ask of me."
"Please... walk over to our host and make him more comfortable while I ask our most lovely hostess if I might do the same for her," Tom replied quietly.
Cate turned from her husband to focus on Jason. She began to sensually slither towards him with long, deliberate strides, her heels making her ass bounce enticingly with every step. Tom saw that Sasha had already begun to slide her silky skirt down her legs, again proudly confirming that she was commando under her clothing. Her cushy, bald mound with its huge, distended clit looked inviting and ready for attention. She pushed her skirt to the floor, spread her legs open, and moved her hand between them to slowly circle her thick, pearly bullet with her index finger. Cate motioned with her fingers for Jason to stand up and as he did so she lifted his shirt over his head to bare his well-muscled chest. The man was in great shape and Cate took a moment to admire his manly build. Her hands then went to his waist and after undoing his pants, slid them to the floor, leaving him naked except for his slippers and boxers.
"How comfortable should I make him, my love?" asked Cate, looking over her shoulder at her adoring husband with a questioning gaze. The game was heating up and everyone in the room was almost breathless with anticipation.
"As comfortable as you would like him to be Cate," answered Tom. "It's all entirely up to you, my sweet. You can do whatever you want this evening."
Cate turned to face Jason and as she planted a long, wet kiss on his mouth, she dug her fingers into the sides of his boxers and slipped them down to join his pants on the floor. He kicked off his slippers and stood naked before her, the head of his erect penis just touching her belly. leaving a large drop of pre-cum where it made contact. He glanced at his wife who was absent-mindedly fingering herself while Tom hefted and squeezed her massive tits, pinching, pulling and rolling her turgid nipples between his fingers.
Cate stroked Jason's leaking manhood for a few moments, testing its rigidity and readiness before she bent at the waist to take the throbbing tool between her lips. Tom never took his eyes off his beautiful wife. Dressed in just a garter belt, stockings and pumps, she was the perfect depiction of every man's fantasy. Her big, fleshy tits hung down and swayed heavily from her chest as she sucked Jason's cock deep into her mouth, much to the visual delight of her voyeur husband. She slowly bobbed her head up and down his shaft several times, letting her saliva coat her host's turgid member. She filled one of her hands with his heavy balls and juggled them gently in her palm, coaxing a loud grown from the owner of the heavy, hairless sac.
Satisfied with the result of her oral exercise, Cate released Jason's cock, climbed onto the couch lengthwise and positioned herself on all fours. She loved being on her elbows and knees, it was by far her favourite position. So exposed. So inviting. So primal. She tilted her shapely ass in the air and gazed over her shoulder at her host with lust-filled eyes.
"What happens now?" whispered Jason.
"Now, I think you should fuck me," Cate breathed. She looked to her husband for his reaction and hopefully, his assent. "If that's okay with you, my sweet."
Tom smiled at his wife lovingly and said, "If that's what you would like him to do, then that's what should happen, my dearest love."
Cate supported her weight with her elbows and forearms, her big boobs dangling so that her long, hard nipples brushed the smooth, warm material of the couch cushion. Jason positioned himself behind her and tentatively rubbed the head of his cock up and down her juicy slit a few times, lubricating his tumescent member with her sticky nectar. He positioned his moistened knob at her entrance and could see that her nether lips were parted and ready for his manhood. Cate quivered from the contact and waited in anticipation for the welcome invasion of her pussy by the magnificent specimen of a cock poised at her opening.
Jason caught Tom's eye and secured his attention before moving to penetrate the man's wife. It seemed the cocky, arrogant Jason of old was gone. In this moment, here tonight, he appeared to be a wholly different man. Lustful? Yes, certainly. But respectful. Almost reverent. The old Jason would have plunged his cock into the waiting hole before him without so much as a thought for anyone or anything and felt triumphant in his conquest. Tonight's Jason waited for a signal from Tom. A gesture. A sign of approval. A cue that it was okay for him to continue.
"You heard the lady, Jason. She thinks you should fuck her. And so do I. I want you to please her in the way that I have been unable to," said Tom, looking first at Jason and then at his wife. "I love you Cate... and I want you to have this."
Tom then nodded to Jason who took a firm hold of Cate's hips and pushed steadily forward. His wet, bulbous head split open her moist lips and he entered her completely with one long, smooth stroke. She groaned as he bottomed out and stretched her slick vaginal opening with his thick, hard cock. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she pushed back against her host, enjoying the feeling of having her pussy filled with his swollen manhood. Jason began to fuck her with slow, drawn-out strokes, enjoying the feel of her hot, wet snatch as it gripped his rigid shaft. He looked down and was awestruck by the sight of her dewy inner labia as they clung to his cock and pushed in and out of her cunt as he fucked her. He had fantasized this very image many times since first meeting Cate and the reality did not disappoint. If anything, it exceeded his wildest dreams.
After watching for a few moments Sasha took up a position on her knees between Tom's legs and was languidly sucking and licking his semi-erect penis while playing with her engorged clit. Tom's hands palmed and flattened her soft, fleshy pendulums as he watched his wife get stuffed by their host not six feet away. The sight had him spellbound. Cate's head hung down and she grunted with every stroke of Jason's invading prick. Her tits swung rhythmically to and fro and her jutting nipples were stimulated by their movement against the surface of the couch. She lifted her head to look at her husband and mouthed a breathy "thank you", and then a moment later said, "I love you." Jason began to pick up the pace and fuck her with increasing vigour. His pelvis banged into her generous ass and loud slapping sounds filled the room like rhythmic clapping. He reached under to grab one of her swaying tits and squeezed it forcibly as he continued to plow his cock into her with greater speed and power.
"Pull my hair!" Cate growled. "Fuck me Jason! Use me! Pound my cunt!"
Jason complied, grabbing a firm fistful of her curls and pulling her head back towards him as he drove into her squelching pussy. His other hand held her hip to steady her as he continued to aggressively bang her from behind. Again and again he hammered into her making her ass ripple and her boobs battle with each other under her chest. Her back arched, her neck stretched, and her tits continued to rapidly flop to and fro beneath her. Her mouth gaped open and she grunted in time to the relentless hammering of her squelching pussy.
She closed her eyes and surrendered to the pounding, pushing her ass back to meet the vigorous thrusts of her host. Her clit was being slapped by his large, hanging ball sac with every bone-rattling drive forward into her tight, velvety slot. Her heavy tits dripped with sweat and flopped wildly back and forth in conjunction with the ruthless plundering her cunt was taking. She had already experienced two substantial orgasms since Jason had entered her and was now climbing towards what she felt was going to be the big one.
Tom didn't think he could hold himself back too much longer. Sasha was an accomplished fellatrix who truly loved to suck cock and was proving it. She was determined to drain the balls of her houseguest while he watched his wife get pummelled into near unconsciousness by her husband. The captivating sight of his wife being railed by Jason and the ceaseless suction of Sasha's mouth had him fast approaching his boiling point.
Jason's wife knew all along that Cate would supremely enjoy getting hammered by her husband. His cock was big, thick and could almost become hard on demand. It also had the perfect curve to stimulate a G-spot. The man had stamina for days, a very short recovery time and was well-practised in the art of carnal knowledge. And when he came, he came in buckets. And with power. He was built for sex in the same way that Cate was. Two finely-tuned sexual machines at the top of their game seemed determined to fuck each other into submission. But there would be no losers in this title bout and both were in for the ride of their lives.
Jason pulled out of Cate and deftly flipped her onto her back. He quickly lined his cock up at her entrance and plunged back in, swiftly picking up the pace and getting back to where he had left off with her. He held her leg straight up with one hand and delivered some firm slaps to her wildly wobbling tits with the other. Each blow to her fat, jiggling boobs elicited a loud moan from the recipient and encouraged Jason to continue to administer more blows.
"Fuck! Yes! I love it! Smack them again! Cate grunted. "Slap my tits! Fuck me like you paid for me! Oh fuck, I love it!"
Jason smacked her big, soft mounds several more times leaving faint handprints on the soft flesh. He drove deeper and faster into her grateful snatch and she wrapped her arms around his neck to pull his body down to hers. Her beautifully achy tits were squashed between them and her nipples gored his chest. He sensed that his own mighty orgasm was imminent and he pumped his hips faster to work towards it.
Cate hooked her arms around his neck and spread her legs wider to further open her cunt. She needed to get him as deep in her as possible. She wanted him to plow harder and faster into her greedy pussy. He began to pile-drive into her with as much intensity as he could muster and she started to climb to her ultimate peak. They grunted and groaned and gasped, making the loud guttural sounds of unbridled, uninhibited lovers. Cate was first to reach her climax. She wrapped her legs around her host and bucked her hips up to meet his thrusts as she cried out in ecstasy. He drove his cock into her, their bodies slapping together as he bottomed out again and again in her juicy hole, the sounds of their coupling filling the room. They were sweating from the exertion of their enthusiastic sexual union.
"Oh, my fucking gawd, I'm cumming!" she cried. "Fuck me harder. Fuck me! Cum for me! I want to feel it! Come on!"
Moments later, Jason's back stiffened and he lunged into her as hard and as far as possible. His balls tightened as he shot his load into her greedy, little hole. He continued to pump his thick, warm juice into her, splashing the walls of her cunt with his seed and rubbing his pubic bone firmly against her clit. His orgasm was a volcanic eruption that caused his entire body to vibrate and spasm.
"Oh fuck, yes. That's it. I can feel it. Fill me with your cum," she cried, as Jason finished unloading into his guest. "Oh, that's good. Sooo fucking good."
They lay for a minute, panting heavily and holding each other tightly. Cate rolled out from under her winded host and took his still semi-hard cock in her mouth. She sucked his member deep into her mouth several times and savoured the flavour of their combined juices under the appreciative and attentive eye of her husband. She gave Tom a mischievous wink and finished her cleaning duties by planting a pouty, big-lipped kiss on Jason's still-damp cockhead.
"Thank you, Tom. Thank you, Jason. Thank you, Sasha," Cate breathed, heavily. "That was so great. Thank you so much."
She left Jason speechless, basking on the couch and crawled across the floor to kneel beside Sasha who still had Tom's penis embedded deep in her mouth. Sasha begrudgingly released the warm tool and relinquished it to Cate, pointing it at her face and kissing her on the cheek.
"Oh my gawd, baby! You're almost completely hard!" cried Cate, looking up to her husband. "Quick, stick it in me. I need to feel you inside me. Put that cock in me. Oh, this is so fucking beautiful."
Tom had taken a little blue pill earlier in the evening and it appeared that the combination of Sasha's unparalleled oral attentions, the sight of his wife cumming while getting pounded, and the efficiency of the medication had worked wonders on his usually uncooperative penis. This seemed to be a breakthrough.
Cate turned around and positioned her cum-filled pussy over his cock reverse cowgirl style and impaled herself on his almost totally rigid member. She let out a heavy sigh as she settled onto it and then began to slowly drag her cunt up and down, her swollen, wet labia clinging to the shaft as she did so. She delighted in the feel of her husband's dick in her pussy and she rode him with determination. Tom reached up to clutch and paw her soft, full breasts, pinching and pulling on her thick, sensitive nipples. He closed his eyes and concentrated on maintaining his hard-on, banning all thought of erectile disfunction from his mind.
Sasha stayed on her knees in front of the couple, watching intently as they fucked. She looked up at Cate, pointed with her chin to where she and her husband were coupled and asked, "May I?"
Cate simply smiled and nodded 'yes' to the request from her bold, naked hostess. Sasha began to lick Tom's balls, then up Cate's hairless slit to her protruding little nub, and back down again. Cate could feel Tom's cock twitch as it continued to swell and harden as she pistoned her snatch up and down its length. To her, this seemed like a miracle. It was as if a curse had been lifted. Hallelujah.
Sasha was on her hands and knees and continued to use her mouth and tongue to stimulate the happy couple copulating directly in front of her now slippery face. She felt Jason take up a position behind her, rub his prick against her moist crease, and whisper, "Do want to feel my cock in you tonight, Sasha? Can I fuck you while you do that?"
Cate looked down at the couple with incredulity. "How the fuck can he be hard again already?" she thought to herself. "I thought for sure I'd milked him dry. Whatever. I'm fucking my man and right now I couldn't be happier. This is the best night ever!"
Sasha stopped her oral manipulations for a moment to say, "Okay, but please, not too hard and not too deep. Fuck me slow and easy. You know it's hard for me to take that big horse cock of yours."
Sasha's private parts were as unique as her mate's. She had long, plump dangling labia that would form a beautiful, fleshy butterfly when spread open, a fat, elongated, clitoris that constantly peeked out from under its small, fleshy hood, and a tiny vaginal opening that was usually moist but also very, very tight. Intercourse for her was her least favourite sex act as it usually just proved to be too uncomfortable and often painful. Pussy licking, cocksucking, and manual manipulation were her go-to activities and she was an experienced master of all of those pursuits.
"Okay honey, I'll be careful, I promise," Jason answered, as he placed his big mushroom tip between his wife's meaty cuntlips. She stopped licking her guests long enough to adjust to the sensation of her snug little cunt being invaded. Her big flaps separated and hugged her husband's cock as he slowly and methodically entered her steamy socket. Jason reached under his wife to grope and maul her swaying tits while he carefully worked his big dick into her tight little box. He made an effort to only penetrate her halfway but the pressure of Sasha's tight pussy and the sight of Cate's plump, bald cunt bouncing on Tom's cock was going to make it difficult for him to exercise any real measure of control.
Sasha resumed her oral attack at her guests' nexus and her husband began fucking her a little more energetically once he achieved full penetration. He didn't pound her mercilessly but he was certainly drilling into her with more exuberance than he normally did and he was so excited watching the pornographic spectacle in front of him that he found it difficult to exercise restraint. Sasha's tight little cunt muscles were strangling his cock and he could already feel himself getting close. He was almost ready to dump another load of hot cum, this time into his wife's pussy.
Sasha heard Tom exclaim that he was about to cum and she reached up to pull his cock out of Cate's sloppy, wet cunt. Warm, thick streams of Jason's semen gushed out of her slot as it was unplugged by Sasha.
"Let me have it," Sasha gasped, pulling out Tom's prick. "You had Jason's... let me have Tom's load. Please, Cate."
"Be my guest, honey," Cate answered. "It's all yours. Just don't waste it."
Cate dismounted quickly and sat beside her husband, kissing him passionately and squeezing his balls as Sasha jerked his member with steady, purposeful movements, aiming the head of his throbbing dick at her open mouth. His cock was slippery and glistening with Cate's cunt juice and Jason's cum and the lubrication allowed her hand to slide easily up and down his length. It wasn't quite as hard or nearly as long as her husband's, but it was thick and throbbing and ready to squirt, and at the moment that was all that mattered. The tiny slit was open and pulsing and she could see Tom was moments away from discharging his milky load. She felt his cock thicken and stiffen in her hand, ready to blow.
"That's it baby, cum for her. Spray her face," encouraged Cate, loudly. "Give it to her. Cream for me. Let me see it."
Tom's cock began to squirt his thick, ropey goo into Sasha's open mouth and onto her beautifully flushed face just as Jason stiffened behind her and started to unload into his wife's vice-like pussy. The two men orgasmed almost simultaneously, using the curvy woman's openings as receptacles for their hot, creamy loads. Cate reached under to rub her hostess's bulging clit in an effort to help her along as the men continued to empty their balls. Sasha's face was streaked with semen and it dripped down in sticky strings off her lips, cheeks and nose. Her husband withdrew from her sloppy snatch and rivulets of cum oozed out of her opening and down her quivering thighs. Cate slid off the couch and began to hungrily lick her husband's seed from her friend's face.
"Oh fuck, that's yummy," she breathed, continuing her cleanup efforts. "I love the taste of cum and I feel so slutty slurping it up off your face. What a fucking treat."
Sasha swallowed whatever spend was still in her mouth, making a big show of her gulping action, and then leaned in to kiss Cate full on the mouth. Tom's thick, warm liquid was slick on their lips and they both savoured the taste and texture.
Jason collapsed on the floor as Cate swung down off the couch. She positioned herself under Sasha who quickly picked up on her idea.
"Is this okay?" Cate asked, as she readied herself beneath her hostess.
"Fuck yes. I've been dying to do this with you for ages," Sasha answered. "But I'm not sure how long I'll last. That fucking husband of mine bruised my cunt I think. Take it easy on me honey."
The girls got into a classic sixty-nine position and began to lustily devour each other's tangy pussy. They were licking and slurping and sucking the delicious combination of semen and girl cum from each other's vaginas and were moaning with pleasure into each other's dilated openings. The boys sat back tired and spent and watched the sensual sapphic display taking place before their eyes.
The sixty-nine position did not last very long. Cate realized that her hostess was the only one of the four who had not yet orgasmed so she pushed her friend onto her back, dropped to her knees between her legs and went to town on her wet, meaty snatch. After pushing her legs as wide apart as she could, she reached up and mauled Sasha's fleshy tits while she orally assaulted her buxom student. Being conscious of Sasha's now-tender vulva, Cate cautiously slid her fingers into her friend's stretched-out opening to locate and stimulate her G-spot. She sucked her long, shiny clit into her mouth and flicked it rapidly with her tongue, making Sasha moan and grind her hips into her face.
It took no time at all for Sasha to begin spasming from Cates' expert attentions. She arched her back and screamed out in pleasure as her climax took her over. She gripped and pulled her nipples, bucked her hips harder against Cate's mouth, and rode her orgasm for all she was worth. When it finally subsided her butt fell to earth with a heavy thud. The sounds of four people panting and breathing heavily filled the room. No one spoke for a few minutes as they languidly stretched out sore muscles and cramped limbs, like runners after a 10k.
Everyone tried to catch their breath as they slowly floated back down to Earth from their mind-numbing orgasms. Each member of the quartet was glowing from the physical effort of an energetic sexual workout.
Cate, out of breath and still sitting on the floor, was the first to finally speak.
"Well, wasn't that something," she laughed, as she looked around at the three other naked bodies in the room. "Everyone feel all right? No serious physical injuries? No emotional trauma?"
"Well, my pussy is a little sore," quipped Sasha, answering first while giving her snatch a delicate rub. "But other than that... holy fuck, what a night!"
"Sorry my dear, I did my best but I got a little out of control." Jason chimed in, looking apologetic, but not really all that apologetic at all. "If it's any consolation, my dick is a little sore as well. But emotionally, I feel pretty fucking fulfilled. Cate? Tom? You two okay? Please tell me you're all good."
"I'm fabulous. Thanks for asking. A little out of breath, kind of tingly all over, and pretty soggy, but that's about all. Oh yeah... and for some reason my tits hurt." Cate chuckled, cupping them and looking at Jason.
"How about you my love? Are you okay?" she asked her husband. "You were so amazing. That was sure something, huh?"
"It certainly was. Yes, I'm good. Very good. Couldn't be better," Tom answered, leaning down to give her a kiss on the forehead.
***
Cate gathered up her dress, kissed her husband and her hosts and retreated to their room. She intended to luxuriate in a long, hot soak. It had been an active night and she was in need of a nice, relaxing epsom salt bath. Jason ambled into the kitchen to root around for some snacks and a drink. Unlike most men, energetic sex usually left him hungry and alert rather than sleepy. All he needed was a little fuel and some time and he'd be ready to go again in short order should the opportunity present itself. It was a gift. And a curse.
Tom turned to Sasha and said in a conspiratorial whisper, "Well that worked out perfectly. It's nice when a plan comes together, don't you think?"
"Yes, I really do," Sasha said, keeping her voice down and sporting a huge Cheshire cat grin. "Thank you so much for conspiring with me. I think our spouses are incredibly pleased with the outcome of our little plot. Who knew skullduggery could be so fulfilling?
"So... birthdays and holidays, eh?"
"Happy Victoria Day weekend"