At 22, I came home from school. As I watched mother's hot thick plus sized body upon the couch. A fine Black elderly woman five feet tall, measuring 44jjj-30-68. She was 52 years old covered in chocolate.
But that wasn't what I was staring at. Rebekah crossed her feet on the recliner. Her feet arched literally into a half-circle completely. It wrinkled profusely. The sight was a feast for my eyes. From afar I took many pictures. But not of her soles like incompetent photographers and cameraman do on foot fetish websites.
I took pictures of her feet from a side angle. Showing her arches. It's beauty dripping through my mind like hot pizza. I would race to my room and draw excessive amounts of her arches for my Jack off sessions. Then I'd post these hot pictures all over the Internet. She was my hot model. A real model, plus size and fully thick in every sense of the word. I made sure I go limp when leaving her company.
When done she was cooking dinner. She wore flip flops. Her soles we're dirty. And after dinner when she sat to eat with me, I kept stealing glances at her feet. I even told her how to sit when she ate with me. Her food was as irresistible as her sexy body. I sat thinking about licking her food off her feet as her feet were crossed over the table and her sister and co-workers just watch in my humiliation.
"James, are you enjoying school?" Rebekah asked. Her foot would rub up against me. Her shoes on the floor and I couldn't concentrate.
"Yes mother." I said as I finally constructed an answer. My cock was hard. She didn't know the power of her feet. Arches so symmetrical and perfectly shaped. She kept running up and down my leg. She didnt know this turned me on. A single mom who was a MILF! As we finished eating I headed to my room and waited for her to sleep so I could get to work.
She always left her door open. Wide open that is. When she slept, she snored which I loved. I crept in to make sure she wouldn't wake. And she never does when I sneak in her room late at night. I pull the covers up and sniff, lick and kiss and fuck her feet. When done I pull the covers off and turn the lights on. She still hasn't awoken.
Next I take off her boy shorts and then her huge bra. I then position her body to draw. As she is naked for me to draw, I keep drawing til I get her perfect image on paper accentuating her every curve and voluptuous figure. Then I make duplicate images and put her clothes back on. I turn the lights off and I'm finished.
I've already put her in different poses for my masterpiece drawings. Especially her feet. Then I sneak back out and info my room I go. I Jack off until I fall asleep. Then the next day I come home I repeat the procedure.
But now she ask for footrubs. She loves to wear loafers. Her feet really stink and sweat terribly. So I can see the bulge in her shoes as her arches just want to escape the confines of her shoes.
I sit beside her and pop off her shoes. Sweat is dripping like hard rain onto my lap. I cusp her feet into my hands. I lick the sweat off her feet and she doesn't become suspicious nor ask any questions.
Licking your sweat helps reduce sweat buildup. She smiles with curiosity. I continue and look at her arches.
I grasps her foot to make an arch. She doesn't need to force her feet to make an arch nor stress it in her movement like those who try in ballet or dance who can't form a arch when pointing their feet. She does it naturally. It's wrinkles are magnificent. A true work of art. I couldn't stop staring at it.
I tubbed her feet masterfully. "James your hands are so soft and you rub so wonderful."
She is on the recliner arched back and her feet crossed. Her feet arch in my hands. She moans, closes her eyes and accidentally reaches into her pants. I pretend I didn't notice as she wakes up.
"Oh James I'm starting to fall asleep." She didn't wear panties. I could look up her skirt and see a gigantic labia lips coated in dark brown skinned. I wanted to play with it.
This was the first time I saw her gigantic pussy lips and first she didn't wear panties. She normally wears panties and she doesn't usually ask for footrubs. I guess she had sore feet? But she was loving the attention her feet were getting from me. I could see juices ooze out her.
"Excuse me James!" She said. She got up fixed dinner and it seemed I had an effect on her. I think footrubs made her horny. I know it made me horny. Me and her were always close and I normally took her shoe shopping after her work. And even told her what shoes to wear when she went out which she didn't mind.
And I got hard trying to put hot sexy shoes on her. This happened once a month. She still doesn't know her arches turn me on
She went to her room when done eating. She took off her clothes. I snuck up to her room and watched her start to sit on her bed and masturbate. She opened her legs, entered her labia with her fingers, let out a loud moan, and pleasured her self.
I waited in anticipation. My eyes were hungry. They feasted on this eye- steak. She crossed her legs and I could see her arches in depth. She had deep arches in her feet. They sweated to the floor. And from my steak out position I could sniff the reek of her feet from here. Just outside her bedroom. I was jacking off too.
But her body started to sweat. It covered her whole body. It's like she was roasting more than steak on the grill. I wanted to lick it up. But she pleasured herself to sleep.
I checked to see if she would wake up. I heard her snore as usual. She had orgasms just before she slept. Luckily I had my professional camera. I took pictures of her gushing like a fire hydrant. I stood taking multiple pictures, at least a two hundred. I went to my room and done my routine. Came back to her room to finish my routine. Finished hiding my stack of professional pictures of my mom, Rebekah, my secret plus sized foot model.
Then I fell asleep into the depths of my fantasies, I wanted to be reality. But mom was a pleasant personality.
She was friendly, unknowing of my aesthetic love of arched feet. I lived in a stage of arch perfection. I was a professional arch connoisseur. I had good tastes. I was genuine. I hated counterfeits who claimed they love high arched feet, women with arches when in reality they turned out to be false arches. They emerged as flexible flat feet when barefoot.
These counterfeits need to admit they love flat feet women and not arches. I'm the real arch connoisseur. And my mom's feet made to never forget that. Her arches were the real architecture.
She was an architect of lust I wanted to make love to. She was the steak of my eyes. A delight for my heart and peace continuous.
I soon awoke to mom entering my room for washing clothes. She went down into the basement where my lair of fantasies lie. I forgot to lock the door and I was jacking off. My horniness betrayed my thoughts and became exposed into the palace of my mom's thought borders.
My covers were not upon where I pressed my soft hands. She looked downward onto my stiff pole that her eyes didn't run away from. "Oh my James, what is all this? What are you doing? And why are there pictures of a naked woman, her feet and so many poses?"
I was caught. My gush of water splashed out til it hit her gigantic boobs. "James!" She said in astonishment.
Trying to explain to my own hot mom got me hard, I couldn't go limp. "James!" She exclaimed.
"Are these pictures of my sisters, Buretta and Pam? You do visit them each weekend." She asked.
Pam was 4'6", 50kkk-30-66 was true knockout. She were sexy outfits every time she came over and take me to her place each Friday. I'd come back to mom's house Monday morning. But Pam's knockout feet were high arched and wide size fives. They were Smooth high arched. She was a desire And some pics were of her. She was the most petite of the clan and fine as Queen tiye of ancient Egypt. But she was 50 and loved wearing dreadlocks. She wore it in different shapes. She even knew her arches were hot. She had the sezy shoes I dream of her wearing and gives me occasional footjobs., even in restaurants she takes me out to. She has me buy her shoes once a month but her feet stink more than mom's and she makes me Jack off in front of her friends, Roxann and Jessica. Then make me sniff their feet knowing how horny it makes me. Then I have to lick their feet, kiss, and massage til they are satisfied. I'm their foot slave when they need me. Sometimes I visit their work to service their high arched feet. Very contrasting to her older sister Buretta.
Buretta is five foot eleven, measuring 36b-29-40. She is the skinny but oldest of them all. She too has me service her high arched feet. Well just foot rubs that is but ive not gotten further like i have with pam. She doesn't know about foot or arch connoisseirs like me. They are narrow sized 9 and a halves. But they are a marvelous arch structure in the sezy sense of the word when she crosses those legs and she points her feet.
I have gotten to draw her naked and even her arches like I have my mom on occasion.
"James answer me!" She ordered.
"Well, yes. But they are also pictures of you also." I responded.
"Me, but why me? I understand you are no longer a teenager. You lust after women. Your hormones want a female companion and your girlfriend dumped you. Does she know about this stash you have?" She asked.
"No, she doesn't. But it's because your feet are high arched. I love older women, but it's their high arched feet I crave. The shape of the arch, texture, smell whether stinky or fragrant. The feel, and then my desire to rub them, sniff them to get acquainted with the scent. To become it's friend. Your feet are not only high arched but stink which is pheromones to seduce and attract my attention. Also I want to lick them. Dogs sniff butts, Although I want to do that to you, I desire your sexy feet more. You see the world never recognizes women with high arched feet. They ignore them. But I don't. I not only recognize your beauty but you're perfection. And with your plus size thick body, the true definition of thick in my view it gives you true sex appeal. High arched feet makes any women have sex appeal, without it makeovers are worthless. And your age turns me on. So I'd sneak in your room and draw your feet, then turn the lights on. Undress you. get you into poses. Then draw you to perfection. Plaster your hot images all over the internet. Your beauty should be known. I want you sensually and sexually. Everyday you seduce me with your feet pointing and flexing. It drives me crazy. So I come down here and jack off to relieve tension because you're so hot. I don't Have to envy other guys who has mom's with high arched feet, because you are one and I'm thankful that you're my mom."
"You mean you're attracted to my high arched feet?" She inquired and rightly so.
"Oh yes mother. All that seduction and I wish I could fuck you. I want you to know your high arched feet make my dick hard. Flexing your arches, you working it. You are all that and fine as steak." I responded.
"Oh James, but you're my son. Yet I am starting to have feelings for you. When you gave me footrubs, I couldn't help but overflow with my juices. But your father died a few years ago and you being young wow. But seeing you devote so many pictures of me especially of my high arched feet makes me feel wonderful. I'm flattered. Yet I too want you. Now I understand how beautiful I am because of my high arched feet. Thank you son."
She looked at my stiff rod with lust. She kneeled and bent til her face sucked me. She was sucking me dry. She moaned. She licked and moaned some more. Our love started to grow.
"Oh James your juice is hot and tasty. I'll make sure you will make love go my feet. And you will be my foot slave." Her demeanor changed. She became more dominant.
"Come and kneel on top of me over the bed." She started to order me around. Became more dominant. She bent over my bed and I kneeled til I pushed my pole into her back door. "Fuck me James hard. I want it hard."
And so I pressed my dick up in her backdoor so hard that I went back and forth. I heard a moan. Her huge booty was mesmerizing and alluring for my eyes. It jiggled and bounced against my weight. 68 inches of round flesh bouncing against me in rhythm.I smacked that booty and she was enjoying it.
"James. James. Yes. Yesssss!" She moaned. "Now James, come out and kneel."
She turned over and sat on the bed. She crosses her leg. "Lick James. Lick my dirt and sweat and stink off. But first sniff." I leaned over and started sniffing. Then her hand pushed my face into her foot. "Sniff!"
Sweat, dirt and stink was masking my face. Covering like a cleansing treatment. "Ohhhh, I am loving this." She said. "This is true romance James. True romance."
"Now lick and suck the sweat and dirt and stink off." I did as told and she picked up my artwork. "We high arched women must be beautiful with all of your artwork." She said in amazement.
"Oh yeses. Yes.. You are mother. You just don't know how much!" I continued licking and then sucking her feet. She switched feet. I did the same for her other foot.
"You're doing well son." She said. "Thank you." I said in return.
"Now you must eat me. Lick my huge labia lips and make me orgasm. Then fuck me as I cum." She ordered. I opened her legs and I pulled and tug her stretchy labia lips. They were huge. I licked and licked until pressure was building.
Pressure was building alright. I felt so much heat and bam. Gush of her juices shot out and hit my face. She orgasmed Her back arched and she held her lips opened. I opened my mouth and I drank her juices like lemonade. "Wow. Delicious mom, your juices are." I let out.
"Thank you son." She than fell on my bed and started to sleep.
And that was how our love began. It intensified through ever more months passing. Now ten years later, we are truly in love. I'm now thirty two and she is now 62.
But she threatened that if I didn't sleep in her bed with her she would expose my love of high arched feet to my female friends and colleagues. And so I live in her room instead of mine.