Stephanie and Becky pulled into the car park where the festivities had already started, after weeks of waiting there was finally another Dogging Party. Stephanie stepped out wearing her fishnet teddy, the thinnest G-string she could find and no bra which meant her breasts were left feeling exposed for all to see and she knew some of the oncoming cars and passers-by got a good look at them on the way to the meeting place. Her cheeks radiantly blushing told her she was embarrassed by this which conflicted with her wet pussy which told her this made her even hornier, Stephanie knew which one would be the victor tonight.
Becky got out next, she had decided to forgo wearing any clothes from the moment she got in the car, between the two of them it was a miracle they weren't pulled over on the way over. Stephanie looked over at her amazingly toned body and pictured the time they made out, their tongue and bodies rubbing against each other, just so they could share a stranger's cum load, in fact she hadn't got out that picture out of her head since it happened. Becky didn't say anything since then however leading Stephanie to believe that it was an one time thing because they were both turned incredibly on after sharing a cock together. She watched on as Becky wasted no time to get on her knees and wrapped her luscious lips around the nearest guy's cock and pictured what it was like to have those lips down between her legs and eating her out.
"I see we didn't scare you off," a familiar voice said softly behind Stephanie, startling her from her fantasy.
After recovering, Stephanie turned around to come face to face with PW and did her best to compose herself. "Well I was beginning to think you weren't going to invite me to another party."
PW chuckled, "I admit its been a while since the last one." He paused to take a good look at Stephanie. "I see you upgraded your wardrobe since last time."
"Do you like it?" Stephanie pivoted around 360 degrees, giving PW and anyone one else standing nearby a good look at every bit of her.
"I do." PW gazed directly at her tits. It was enough to make Stephanie blush.
"My eyes are up here Mister PW," Stephanie said with a cheeky tone, "Your hands can deal with my tits."
That's all PW needed to hear. His strong hand grabbed a handful each. Rubbing them. Squeezing them. Reaching in through the fishnets to pinch her nipples. All to the delightful music of Stephanie's soft moans. "Want to go somewhere private?" He whispered in her ear.
Stephanie shook her head with a naughty look on her face. "No."
"No?" PW asked curiously.
Stephanie got to work unbuckling PW's belt "I want an audience as I suck your cock." With that Stephanie lowered herself to her knees and gazed up at him with a seductive smirk as her hand massaged his dick over his trousers. PW was surprised by Stephanie's newfound confidence, pleasantly so as his cock begun to stiffen. Stephanie was able to make short work of his trousers and by the time she had peeled off his boxers with her teeth, several guys and girls had gathered around to watch. Even Becky took a quick break from sucking cock to glance over to her friend as the tip of PW's cock was millimetres from her face. Now Stephanie had the attention of a lot of people and it turned it her on like nothing she had ever felt before.
Wasting no time, Stephanie opened her mouth and whilst never breaking eye contact with PW, moved it down his increasingly erect cock until she was unable to fit anymore in. She could hear the comments from the guys wondering aloud when it would be their turn, some even had their cocks out either to masturbate whilst they watch or in the chance they might be next. As tempting as it was to reach out and stroke another cock or swapping out the cocks she was sucking, Stephanie put all her focus on PW. She bobbed her head up and down his fully erect cock, pushing the limits of how much she could take in her mouth and occasionally gagging herself on it. Her technique still needed work but her energy was unmatched.
"Are you ready to get fucked?" PW asked Stephanie as she had a mouthful of cock. In order to answer Stephanie had to move her lips off his cock but allowed her hand to be wrapped around it instead, lightly stroking it.
"Yes PW!" There was a provocative smile on her face when she replied.
PW followed up his first question with another. "Are you sure? There are still people watching." He gestured to the horny men and women that had gathered around
Stephanie replied without hesitation, without even acknowledging the crowd of watchers, "Let them watch!" Before knowing about dogging, Stephanie wouldn't have dreamed of being fucked whilst strangers watched but now, in that moment, she couldn't think of anything she wanted more.
"Then get on your hands and knees," Stephanie didn't remember PW sounding this authoritative before but she loved it and obeyed his demand. She bent over, presenting her pussy and ass towards PW. Her G-Sting felt like a wet piece of floss going between her pussy lips. She could feel PW's rough hands moving up her thighs and caressing her ass cheeks as he positioned himself behind her. As PW moved himself closer, Stephanie could feel his engorged cock poking what little fabric the G-String had. "Are you ready for what comes next?" He bent over and whispered in her ear.
Stephanie wanted to reply with something along the lines of, 'Yes! Fuck me hard as everyone watches!' but her horniness made it difficult to string words together so all she was able to manage was an awkward nod and an "Uh Huh." PW pulled her G-String away from her pussy lips and moved it to one side, giving everyone in attendance a good look at her glistening wet pussy. The tip of his cock poked her vaginal entrance. This was it, Stephanie was going to be fucked in front of an audience. This was what she wanted. She bit her lip and prepared for what came next.
This wasn't Stephanie's first fuck. There were a couple of guys back at University, even a long term relationship that ended in what felt a lifetime ago but when PW's big cock penetrated her pussy, it felt like her first time all over again as she felt her pussy stretch out to accommodate his cock. She was thankful that her wetness made it easier for him to glide in. Her legs shook as he pushed in deeper and the biting of her lip did a poor job of quieting her moans. It was a miracle, she thought, that she hadn't squirted already. All of this was just the first thrust.
PW kept his cock inside Stephanie for a little while to let her get used to his size and took a firm hold of her hips as he readied his next move. He slowly withdrew as cock until all that was left inside her was his tip then pushed his shaft back in, going deeper than the first thrust. No longer biting her lip, Stephanie cries of pleasure could be heard across the park. PW continued to fuck Stephanie's pussy, keeping his pace slow but methodical and being careful not to make it to painful for her. It had been a while since he had fucked a pussy this tight, he had almost forgotten how good it felt. "You like that?" He asked Stephanie knowing what her answer would be.
Stephanie tried her best to answer, her moans were becoming more frequent and increasing in volume. Finally she yelled "Yes! Oh fuck! Yes!" Her body quivered with every thrust PW made and the fact she was being watched only intensified the feeling. In between thrusts, Stephanie was able to see some of the guys stroking their erect cocks as they watched her being fucked. "Yes! Yes! Yes!" She repeated loudly, synchronising herself with PW's thrusts. She felt herself on the edge of an orgasm and it wouldn't take much more to push her over the edge. When she felt PW lightly picking up the pace, her previously loud moans turned into silent whimperings as if the increased intensity of the pleasure was taking her breath away. Every thrust brought her closer to climaxing until Stephanie wasn't able to take much more and with a mighty scream, squirted all over PW and his cock.
"I'm guessing you enjoyed that?" PW asked, he was getting a little breathless and worn out himself as he continued to thrust inside Stephanie. "I've got a special gift for you, you naughty girl." Before Stephanie could ask what it could be, a geyser of spunk flooded her pussy, filling her up like a bartender pouring a pint. Slowly, PW withdrew his cock and stood up to watch his cum dripping out of Stephanie's pussy and down her thigh.
With PW no longer holding her up by her hips, Stephanie fell chest first onto the ground. As her body writhed with pleasure, she rolled herself over to her back and came face to face with PW and her audience who look astonished and pleased by what they witnessed. She smiled and blushed as she gazed at their freshly milked cocks, knowing they enjoyed the show she put on with PW and wished she had the energy left to clean them up. Instead she spread her legs, giving them all a good luck at PW's cream still pouring out of her pussy.
Though she was out of energy right now to take on someone else, Stephanie still had some ways she could entertain the crowd some more. Using two fingers, she scooped up some of the cum that was running down her thigh and brought it to her mouth where she sensuously licked and sucked them clean whilst maintaining eye contact with PW. He smiled back knowing that was just the tip of iceberg for Stephanie and that she will be seeking to open more doors to pleasure at the next party. She was after all one of them now. He held out his hand towards Stephanie. "Need a hand getting up?"
Stephanie, still smiling, reached up and accepted his hand. "After what you did, I would have hoped you would at least be a gentleman and help me up." Her voice was more cheekier than normal as she was pulled off the ground and onto her legs.
"Oh I'm always a gentlemen," PW replied as he helped Stephanie walk across the park and back to her car where Becky was already waiting, her face and chest glazed with multiple men's spunk.
Becky took sight of her friend with her arms around PW and trying to walk steady. "Well, well, well. Someone had fun tonight. Other than me of course." She turned to PW. "Don't worry, I'll look after her."
"Okay then. See you ladies later!" After a wave, PW disappeared back into the crowd where Stephanie presumed he had another lady lined up to fuck. Not that she cared, she was still riding the high of the best sex she had in her life.
"Whenever you're ready to leave babe." Becky called out from inside the car to the nearby Stephanie
Stephanie snapped out of her high and got in the driver's seat. "Sorry Becky."
"Its okay, must have been some great sex if its sending you off to far away places."
Stephanie blushed and instinctively reached down to between her legs. "My pussy is still kind of tingling from it," she whispered in Becky's ear.
There was a smile on Becky's face. "It won't be long before you become an official member of our group."
Stephanie turned to Becky excitedly. "You think so?!"
"We shall see." Becky teased. "For now lets get out of here."
Stephanie parked outside Becky's house. Looking out her windows, she saw there was no one else on the street. She didn't know whether she should have been relieved or disappointed as she sat in the driver's seat in her fishnet teddy that didn't cover anything and sitting next to her cum drenched naked passenger. Though since this was the street where Becky lived, they probably expected it by now. "Thank you for tonight Becky."
"Looks like you are still leaking there," Becky pointed at Stephanie's crotch. Puzzled, Stephanie looked down and sure enough PW's cum was still dripping out of her pussy and getting into the seat. Stephanie's cheeks turned a rosy shade of red as she tried to hide it from Becky by shutting her legs. Becky however was grinning. "I can clean it up for you." Becky paused to lick her lips. "If you like, of course."
Stephanie knew exactly what she meant and part of her wanted it as she fantasised about Becky's tongue exploring her wet, cum filled pussy but in the end she shook her head. "No." Becky gulped. "Not tonight."
"Its okay Steph." Becky's hand grabbed Stephanie's shoulder and rubbed it in a comforting manner. "I'll see you at work tomorrow."
"Okay."
Becky pulled the door handle and exited the car. Stephanie watched her friend strut naked down the path to her front door.
"Hey Becky!" Stephanie called out before Becky disappeared behind her front door. Becky turned to face her friend. "Ask me again another night. Okay?"
"Bye Steph." Becky waved, blew a kiss Stephanie's direction and shut the door.
A big part of Stephanie regretted turning down Becky's offer to eat her pussy out as she stood in her shower later that night, letting the water clean her body of mud, grass stains and cum. It would have been the cherry on the top of an already delicious cake but she didn't feel ready to receive that amount of pleasure in a single night. Not yet anyway but there would be other nights and more avenues of pleasure for Stephanie to explore. She smiled and imagined the possibilities of future nights.