Chapter 2- Angelina
This little story is dedicated to (if that doesn't sound too pompous), and certainly inspired by a young lady called Angelina, who is both beautiful and wonderfully daring!
I've never met her, but I wish I could. After you have read this story, and if you enjoyed it, then a little bit of easy detective work could lead you to videos of her and everything you need is in the body of the story.
Now you don't get an offer on Literotica like that very often, do you?
Please read on!
+++++++++++
It had been a difficult if financially successful year for me, and I'd splashed out on a holiday in Mexico for myself and my family. My wife Mary and our two young children and I had flown out from Heathrow a couple of days before and we were already enjoying the glorious sunshine, the cheap booze (not the kids of course), and the exciting food that was on offer.
"This is just what we needed Jim," Mary smiled at me contentedly as we watched the little ones playing happily on the beach. "I think this holiday is going to be great."
"One we'll remember for a long time hopefully," I ventured as I relaxed back onto the sand.
She concurred, sipping at the drink that we'd just bought. It was memorable, as it turned out ------- Far more memorable than I could possibly have imagined at the time, and in a way that I would never have expected.
------------------
An hour or so later and the kids were clamouring to go back to the hotel where there was going to be some sort of organised games afternoon.
"I'll take them Mary," I offered. "You can stay down here and top off your sun tan if you want."
"No," replied my ever-thoughtful wife. "You had them all morning while I played tennis, and it's you that needs the break more than I do. Anyway my fair skin has had just about enough for today."
It was true!
Mary is a beautiful blonde girl, slender but curvy in all the right places, but with a fair skin that burns easily if she's not careful.
"I'll come with you," I offered, beginning to raise myself, but she pushed me back down, grinning at me saucily.
"It's Ok Jim," Mary went on. "You stay here and enjoy the scenery!"
Ah!
Busted wasn't I?
The scenery she was referring to was of the human kind ------ female to be more precise, and mainly young, mainly pretty, and certainly, mainly without a lot on. Most of the women on the beach were topless, and I had just about convinced my wife to follow suit.
Maybe tomorrow --- who knows?
I'd even glimpsed one or two girls sunbathing discretely in the nude, but it was rude to stare, so I didn't --- well not for too long. But once Mary and the kids had gone ..??????
"Don't stare will you," Mary grinned at me on the point of laughter, reading my thoughts like a book. "Look all you want honey, but don't make a fool of yourself."
I grinned. What else could I do? My wife knew me better than I did myself, and fortunately wasn't of a jealous nature. Then again, in fairness, she had no reason to be.
"See you back at the hotel in a couple of hours then Jim," she called to me as she wandered off with the kids, who ran off screaming for their Mum to hurry or they'd miss all the fun.
Kids!
I responded appropriately though my attention had already been diverted by a couple of teenage girls who were stripping down to their tiny bikinis not far away.
"Behave yourself," was her last remark, though both of us knew well that it was not needed. I was a one woman man, and we both knew that.
-------------------
About thirty minutes later, I'd carefully surveyed all the young ladies around me; enjoying myself enormously, I have to admit. When you're stuck in an office in London for fifty weeks a year, then the opportunity to observe so many lovely skimpily clad beauties is a real bonus. Especially the blonde over there with the tight little tits out on display and the miniscule little thong bikini bottom, who kept leaping up and prancing round at the slightest excuse. Yes --- I'm sure she was enjoying showing herself off as much as I, and I knew not how many other guys were enjoying watching her do it.
We like looking! They like showing it off!
Normal ---- perfectly healthy ---- It gets my vote any day!
Even her guy had a silly grin on his face, basking in the pleasure of his girl friend showing off. Now I could understand that ---- Yes, I really could. Maybe tomorrow I might persuade my Mary to slip her top off, though I doubted that she'd ever prance around like that.
------------------
Then I spotted her, and though I didn't know it straight away, my day, no my whole holiday was about to become ----- 'Memorable!'
There she was, long black hair, down past her shoulders, not very tall, and in fact quite petite. Nice long slim legs though, and a wonderful slim athletic looking body.
Bloody gorgeous ---- Just my type!
Even though the girl was dressed in shorts and a tee shirt type top, my interest zoomed in on her immediately, despite the much more scantily clad girls all around.
There's a certain type of girl that always grabs my attention, and this lovely young lady had it all. I watched, enthralled as she walked along the beach towards me, her hips swinging sexily as she picked her way through the sand.
Oh my God she was lovely!
Then she looked up at me ---- Oh Crickey ---- That was something.
She glanced around behind her, and then she smiled and that was quite something else again. Then to my surprise, she spoke to me. Trouble was it was in Spanish, and though my French isn't bad, all I could manage was "Non comprendo ---- Inglisi." Don't even know if that made any sense.
"No problem," she said to me a little breathlessly, in near perfect English. "I'm Angelina."
What was I to say --- I just gulped --- God, she was gorgeous!
"Do you mind if I sit down beside you and sunbath," she asked me, and I simply stared at this vision of loveliness, unable to believe that this was really happening to me.
"Would that be OK," this nubile vision pressed me, nodding her head gently. Bloody hell, this girl was selling the idea to me.
"I guess so," I managed to say at last, my brain having gone into apparently terminal decline.
"I was here yesterday," the beauty started to explain to me. "And those guys over there kept annoying me." With that statement, she sort of indicated over to her left, though I couldn't actually determine which group of guys or whatever she was referring to.
"Can I pretend I'm with you," she went on. "And then they'll leave me alone."
"Yes."
You cannot imagine the effort that one single word took out of me, and the flood of apprehension that followed it. Thoughts of my wife coming back flew through my head ----- And promptly disappeared again.
Oh my God!
While she arranged her towel and things alongside me, I studied her more closely and up close what I saw pleased me even more. About my wife's age, maybe a year or two younger, and as pretty as a picture with a wonderful cheeky little smile to match.
"What's your name?" She asked me as she began to slip the tee shirt over her head, revealing a lacy black bra and a nice little cleavage spilling out over the top.
"Jim," I told her, my mouth going dry as she began to unzip her shorts, and then swallowing desperately as she slipped them innocently down her shapely legs.
"Here on holiday Jim?" The sexy little thing asked, my heart near to bursting as she reached behind to unsnap her bra.
"Yes," I responded huskily, trying not to stare too obviously as she slipped the bra straps off and dropped her bra onto the pile with her other things. "Been here a couple of days."
Strange!
There I was, in the middle of a beach in Mexico, surrounded by half clad, and even the odd fully unclad women, and this young beauty stood there in front of me, was giving me the most fantastic erection simply by allowing me a glimpse of her breasts. I waited, hardly daring to breath, preying to the God of good luck, that she wouldn't be putting a bikini top on to cover up those lovely, tight, little tits.
Thank you God! Thank you dearly!
Angelina made no attempt to search out any top in the bag by her feet, and I realised with joy in my heart, that her boobs were as suntanned as the rest of her.
She was going to remain topless ------ I knew it ------ I just knew it ------- My pretty new companion was going to be sunbathing there right alongside me with her gorgeous tight little breasts out on display.
Thank you very much God! I promised myself there and then, to go to church a bit more often.
"Where are you staying Jim?" the delightful Angelina questioned me, standing there in just her tiny black panties, her wonderful taut body displayed there for my inspection.
Can't honestly remember exactly what I answered, though I do recollect her saying that it was very nice there.
You see the trouble was, that it had just dawned on me that all she had on were her panties ---- as in thong panties ---- tiny ones leaving little to the imagination, her trim little landing strip vaguely visible through the fine material.
Perhaps that was my imagination ---- No, it bloody well wasn't!
Oh bloody hell ------ Was she going to sunbath just in them?
Jeeeeeez!
Then the other option entered my brain.
She'd have to take them off in order to put her bikini bottoms on.
Oh Jolly Jeeeeeez! What a choice! I could hardly breath. I felt a mild pain in my chest.
"Live here locally do you Angelina?" I asked her, my voice seeming to come from somewhere several light years away.
"Yes Jim," Angelina replied, giving me the most wonderful smile. "My husband and I live just the other side of town."
"Ah ---- Yes ------ Good ----- OK ----- Well ......." I sounded pathetic even to myself, and Angelina giggled girlishly, openly enjoying my embarrassment at her stripping off nearly naked in front of me.
"I haven't got any bikini bottoms with me Jim," the sweet Angelina informed me seductively, shaking her lovely curved hips at me to indicate the area she was referring to. "Would you prefer it if I kept my panties on, or would you mind too much if I took them off?"
GULP!
"Ggre ;;it; hert up!" It's not quite what I meant to say ---- Nothing like it in fact.
"Pardon Jim," Angelina questioned me, gazing at me in amusement. "Could you say that again."?
I didn't think I could, so I started again.
"Whatever you want Angelina," I at last managed to spurt out, sweat running from my brow, and it wasn't from the sun.
"But what would you prefer Jim?" The saucy little cow pressed me.
"Whatever," I croaked.
"Come on Jim," the lovely Angelina persisted teasingly. "My panties Jim ---- On or off ---- Your decision?"
"Off."
I didn't trust myself to say more, even that one word taking so much out of me.
Staring me straight in the eye, Angelina slowly slid her thumbs into the sides of her panties, and gingerly, inch by inch slipped them down.
Oh Strewth!
She was stood there quite naked, her tiny panties in a puddle round her ankles, oblivious to the stares from other guys around us as she simply stood there for a few moments letting me enjoy the wonders of her lovely, young, lithe body.
Time lingered, and in fact virtually stopped for me, but then, all to soon, it was back to reality!
"Have you tried the restaurant at the end of the port," asked Angelina casually as she slowly wound her lovely body down onto her towel alongside mine. What a question? What the hell difference did a restaurant make at a moment like that?
"No," I responded like a simpleton. "Is it good?"
I didn't want to know --- Really I had no interest whatsoever ----- Food of any sort was the last thing on my mind!
The only thing on my mind was Angelina --- Well to be more precise, Angelina's tits, her pussy, her legs, her bottom, her ......... Oh bloody hell --- the whole damn lot of her!
"Have you got any sun tan lotion Jim?" She demanded with an innocent smile, as she kneeled down on her towel and sat back on her heels. "I don't want to burn in the sun, so could you put some on for me please? ---- Pretty please ---- If you don't mind that is."
At this point in time, I should probably stop and try to explain the thoughts that were rushing madly through my brain. Trouble was, at a time like that, my brain had decanted itself to down to that thing between my legs, and unfortunately the human anatomy has not yet thought to provide a verbal link between a man's cock and his mouth!
Couldn't talk ---- just stared, completely gob smacked!
Tits --- pussy --- Tits ---- Pussy ---- Tits --- Pussy. Couldn't help it! Wasn't my fault.
"Sun tan lotion Jim," Angelina reminded me gently. "Have you got any?"
I did, and when I produced it, the lovely Angelina raised herself up on her knees, thrust her breasts out and sort of 'presented' herself to me.
Her tits that was. You know boobs, breast, knockers, whatever you want to call them. She sat up, arched her back and thrust those lovely tight breasts straight out at me. Angelina didn't want me to apply the lotion all over her. She wanted me to rub it onto her tits!
Well ........!
OK ..........!
What's to do?
Why not?
Sorry Mary!
I applied a little lotion into the palms of my hands, reached forward hesitantly, wondering still if this was all for real, and .........
Yes I did!
I did it!
Sorry Mary!
Married man and all, but I did it ---------- Sorry!
The feel of her firm pert breasts as I rubbed the sun lotion enthusiastically all over them was incredible.
Better than sex? Maybe! Well it was sex wasn't it?
Angelina gasped almost silently as I carefully worked the lotion well into, and all over those wonderful, firm little globes, shuddering as I twirled her hard long nipples between my fingers, and groaning aloud as I pulled at them, teasing them, the lotion forgotten as I as I made love to her succulent breasts.
"Oh God," she cried out, biting off the last word as best she could, perhaps aware that there were people all around us.
"Jim, Oh my God Jim," Angelina squealed quietly as I brought both hands slowly down her gorgeous slender body. Down past her ribcage, down to her waist, and then on to skirt past her hips. Hesitating just a little around her naked bottom, till my hands started to slip from the outside of her thighs to the inside.
""Jim, Oh Jim --- I mustn't."
Well that didn't stop me, and my hand slid ever higher, ever higher!
"No Jim please," the angel that I had my hands all over appealed to me. "I want to but I can't."
I stopped, my hand just a fraction of an inch from her pussy lips, the succulent heat of it already radiating onto my skin.
"Please Jim, please," Angelina almost sobbed, unable to pull away from me.
COUGH!
Who was that? Who coughed?
I couldn't give a damn, but Angelina pulled back --- retracted --- pushed my hand away, pushed my fingers back away from her sweet, soft, warm virgina.
"Sorry Jim," she whimpered to me. "I'm sorry, but this has all gone too far."
With that, my lovely Angelina eased her self out from my clutches and struggled back to her feet.
"Sorry Jim, honey," she murmured again. "It wasn't meant to get this far --- I'm really sorry."
"What's going on?" I demanded, disappointed. "What's this all about?"
"I've got to go Jim," Angelina cried out to me in an attitude of dispair. "It's just gone too far ---- It's got out of hand."
She started to gather her clothes and things, not bothering to put them on in the fluster she was in, but shooting me looks that I couldn't decipher, her eyes flashing brightly as she fought to get back her out of control emotions.
I reached out for her, but she shied away nervously.
"I want to Jim, but ....." She left the sentence unfinished, as she picked up her things and made to leave.
"Angelina ..." I appealed.
"Sorry Jim ---- really sorry."
"But Angelina ...." I repeated, distraught.
"Oh my God," my beautiful temptress called out, and then turned back and wrapped her still naked body around mine. The feel of her bare breast up against my chest was fantastic, her hard, long nipples gouging into my flesh as she squirmed her fit young body up against me, the warmth of her wet pussy against my thigh sending me into heaven as she squeezed it up against me.
We kissed --- It wasn't long, but it was special!
"I've got to go Jim," she called out at last. "Let me go please Jim --- I've got to go."
Reluctantly I released Angelina, the beautiful soft, succulent Angelina, and she retreated to four or five paces away from me. Still nude, still beautiful, still panting from heavily from what had passed between us, she stood there in all her naked glory.
"Angelina," I again appealed to her. "What's this all about?"
"Nothing," she cried out. "Well ... that is ....." At which point she looked over to just behind me and gave a shrug of her shoulders. I turned around and there he was, and immediately I started to grasp the situation!
"Your boyfriend? --- husband?" I demanded of Angelina, indicating the guy behind me who had stood up by then, the video camera in his hand no longer hidden. "For God's sake what's this about?"
"Nothing --- Nothing at all," Angelina cried out in anguish.
"Rubbish," I responded.
Big sighs all round.
"Yes," my lovely Angelina admitted, failing to meet my eyes. "That's my husband, and he's been filming us."
"Filming us?" I asked incredulously, a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.
This couldn't be a set up could it? My wife Mary couldn't have set me up like this could she? The thoughts that hammered unmercifully through my brain left me sweating.
I couldn't have been more wrong!
"Voyeurweb," the sweet gorgeous girl almost sobbed at me. "It's what we do Jim --- My husband and me. It's on the internet. Erotic video clips Jim. You'll be able to see it in a few days time."
Bloody hell! Strewth and Cor-blimey!
As a final gesture the gorgeous, sexy Angelina skipped a couple of paces towards me, flung her arms round my neck and gave me one last lingering kiss.
"Sorry Jim," she whispered into my ear. "If only I wasn't ..... Never mind Jim ---- That was very special."
And with that she was gone, skipping off along the beach naked as the day she was born, ignoring the looks of lust that she was attracting, her lovely little bare bottom bouncing around enticingly.
I took a moment to look over to her husband, who was busy collecting his equipment up. With a shock, I realised that it had probably been him who had chosen me as the mark rather than Angelina! I wondered if he had realised quite how far she would get carried away --- I thought not!
I nodded to him, and he nodded back --- It was an interesting acknowledgment. I wondered if he had any idea that his beautiful sexy daring wife had got so carried away.
I didn't know --- But I thought not!
--------------
Did I meet Angelina again ----- Well, not yet for sure.
Did I tell my wife about my encounter on the beach? ---- Yes --- Well sort of.
Did I look up Angelina on Voyeurweb? ------ You bet your bloody life I did, and I look at her videos regularly. They're great --- Fantastic, but couldn't compare with the real thing.
God, what a body --- What a gorgeous woman.
Maybe next year I might see her again. That is if I go to Mexico again, and if I knew how to contact her.
Yes of course I could contact her through voyeurweb. But did I? Would I?
I didn't know, but I knew that I still loved my Mary, and I guess that's my answer.
Life goes on!
+++++++++++
Thank you Angelina, the lovely Angelina.
Well, if you enjoyed this little tale, then go and find her. You've got everything here that you need. Watch 'Beach Dare', which this story was based on. Ok ---- I've beefed it up a bit and allowed my imagination to extend it ---- But ----- Really, go and have a look. Tell me what you think by all means.
She really is bloody gorgeous!
Thank you again Angelina!