It was a terribly hard thing to say goodbye to her boyfriend, especially since this was their first extended separation. Katie had been dating Nick for 5 months now, but as she quickly learned, a relationship in college can bring you incredibly close in a short amount of time. Katie was 19 now and returning home for Christmas break of her sophomore year. After one final kiss, she boarded the plane and off she went. Upon arriving home, Katie was greeted excitedly by her younger sister, Emily.
"Kat, welcome home!" Emily was a year and a half younger than her sister, and at 18 was a senior in high school. The sisters looked very alike, though Katie was always a little jealous of her younger sibling's C-cup breasts. Both were soccer players though, each with athletic legs, gorgeous sandy hair, and a perfectly curved ass that always drew some male attention. These similarities and their closeness in age had created an immensely competitive relationship between the sisters throughout high school. Katie gave Emily a hug as she put her bags down.
"Guess what? Mom's gone for the next three days!" This wasn't a surprise to Katie. Their mother typically took trips with this boyfriend or that one, and happily prioritized her destructive relationships over her own children. "Will and I are throwing a party tomorrow night, you should totally come," the younger sister said. Will was Emily's twin brother, and while Katie wasn't crazy about her little siblings and their friends drinking in their house, she knew she was no better at that age.
"Well, I do live here after all," she replied.
The following night about a dozen people had arrived at the house. Will had three of his high school buddies over, and Emily had a group of seniors, both boys and girls, in attendance. Katie figured she'd at least invite her best friend Haley and Haley's boyfriend Sean over, but decided not to invite the rest of her friends. Partially because she knew it'd be a mostly high school party, but also she knew inviting her group of friends meant Pat might show up. While Pat was an old friend, it was no secret that he had always had a thing for Katie. The two had often flirted, and while Pat made a move here and there Katie never gave in, not wanting to spoil their friendship despite the obvious physical attraction. While she still wanted to remain friends, she knew Nick wouldn't approve much of the two of them drinking together as soon as she got home.
The night began in typical fashion: lots of beer pong, flip cup, and Kings to get the drinks flowing. After a couple of hours everyone seemed to have a good buzz going and, as usual, Emily challenged her big sister to a game of beer pong.
"Let's see if college gave you enough skills to beat your little sis!" While Katie felt she was maturing at college, she still couldn't turn down a challenge from her sister; after all their combativeness over the years it simply got her blood boiling too much.
"You're on." The two set up the game, ten cups on each side, and began tossing. Katie hit the first two cups quickly.
"Don't get cocky," Emily called out before hitting the middle cup. Katie chugged the beer and hit another shot, but she could feel herself getting a bit drunk.
Right on cue, Haley and her boyfriend Sean showed up with tequila shots. Sean handed one to Katie and toasted her - "to Katie returning from college!" She knew she couldn't turn that down, so she took the shot with her old friends. Before she could finish, Emily bounced the ping-pong ball and landed in Katie's cup.
"That's two cups for the bounce, drink up Kat!" Katie complained that she cheated, but Emily knew the rules.
"No excuse for no defense, get drinking! And it's still my shot too," Emily said smugly. Katie sighed, annoyed, and began drinking. She got through one and a half before pausing to finish. Emily took advantage of the hesitation, and fired the ball right into the cup her sister was drinking out of. "Game over!" she yelled out.
"Wait, that's bullshit," Katie replied.
"Rules are rules, if you hit the same cup twice in this house that's the end." Katie began complaining but even her friends were against her.
"Sorry Kat," Haley said, "that's how you've always played here."
"Looks like you've got a lot of beer to drink," said Sean.
"Thanks a lot guys," Katie said and she began picking up one cup after another.
As Katie continued drinking, her sister couldn't help but taunt. "Big college girl comes home and just can't handle the heat, beaten by her little sis! Guess they're not teaching you anything over there." The more Katie drank, the more Emily got under her nerves. "Drink up sis, at least now we know who's best."
"You know you cheated, you can't beat me in a fair matchup."
"Oh is that so? Because we just played by the rules and I won, so I guess that's that."
"Fine, let's rematch then."
"No, I think I'm good, I wouldn't want to make you keep drinking so much when you lose again."
As everyone listened to the sisters taunt each other, Katie began to get really fed up. "So you're scared to play me again? Typical you, same little brat you always were." Katie wasn't trying to be mean, but the alcohol was getting her fired up. Of course, Emily did not like being insulted in front of all her friends. She wanted revenge.
"Fine, I'll play you again, but we need to raise the stakes."
"What, you want my money?"
"No, I want your pride big sis. If you want to play me again, it's strip beer pong." The room went quiet. Everyone's attention turned to the girls at the table. Katie was taken aback. She knew their fights often escalated too far, but this was a new level. She was a very conservative girl, and her free spirited sister was trying to take advantage of it.
"No way." Katie was not about to risk getting naked in front of a dozen people from her home town. She'd only ever been truly naked in front of Nick, and that was after four months of dating. She didn't even like being naked with her girlfriends. Hell, she didn't like being naked alone!
"Figures, guess you know you're gonna lose. Thanks for admitting your little sister is better than you." Emily started to walk away, proud at how she trapped her always-so-perfect big sister into defeat. The guys looked disappointed, especially Will's friends. Will, on the other hand, was quite relieved to see the situation diffuse. Katie stood there in fury, and all the beer and tequila continued moving through her, getting her even more heated. She knew she couldn't be naked in front of all these people, but she was also completely confident she'd win in a fair matchup. She took a deep breath, grabbed another tequila shot from Nick and took it down. Haley grabbed her arm to stop her but Katie pulled away.
"Fine. You really want to get naked in front of all your high school buddies, I'll let you. But no bouncing, no cheap shots, no BS."
Emily turned around. Her initial surprise turned transitioned into a smirk. "You got a deal."
The boys all cheered, the girls too but a little less enthusiastically. Will tried to get his friends' collective attention - "come on guys, let's get out of here," he said.
"Are you kidding?" they replied. "Your sisters are so hot dude."
Another one added, "I can't believe we're about to see one of them naked!" Will sighed uncomfortably as the girls set up for the matchup.
Haley approached Katie, "you know you really don't need to do this. She's just being a child and wants to embarrass you."
"I know that, but I'm going to teach her a lesson," Katie replied.
"What about Nick?" Haley asked.
"Haley, I'm going to win, so it doesn't matter."
Sean nominated himself as the official for the match and no one argued. He explained that there's 10 cups, so each girl gets 10 articles of clothing. Katie had two grey boots, two long socks, her jeans, belt, green halter top, sweater, bra and panties. Emily was wearing just two shoes, two socks, a skirt, a sexy black blouse, bra and panties. She put on a sweater and then grabbed a blue headband to balance out. The audience hovered close around the table, surrounding the girls and elbowing for best position of the show.
"Let the games begin!" Sean called out. He handed one ball to each girl to shoot to see who goes first. Katie won, and was handled both balls. Each girl gets to shoot twice at a time, if both balls go in they get to keep shooting.
Katie's first shot rimmed out, but her second went right into a cup in front. Emily began to seductively take off the headband, and then shot it into the crowd and got a cheer. She had always been the more open, free one in the family. She was also in her own environment, mostly surrounded by her friends, and Katie realized this gave her a more relaxed advantage, but she wasn't going to let that stop her. Emily's first shot landed right in the middle, and her second shot hit a cup in the back row. Katie tossed the balls back, drank the beer, and began unlacing her boots.
"Getting nervous?" Emily asked.
"Not remotely," Katie replied as she finished taking off the second boot.
Emily continued shooting, hitting the front cup and barely missing with her second shot. Katie took off a sock and put it nearby as people cheered. She was indeed getting a little nervous, but the last three cups of beer certainly helped ease her concerns. She knew she needed to focus, and she took a deep breath as she prepared to shoot. Both shots landed right in the cups and Katie cheered. She got a high five from Haley, and most of the guys just high-fived each other as they cheered for both girls to lose as many clothes as possible.
Emily took off her sweater first to some cheers. She knelt down to take off a shoe but got a disappointed reaction from the guys. She smiled, and instead put her hands up her skirt. She grabbed her panties and slid them down, past her knees and then down to her ankles. The boys all went crazy. Emily lifted one foot at a time, taking off the lacey black panties. She put them on her finger and shot them into the crowd. One of Will's friends, Tom, caught them in the air and cheered. Will stayed sitting in the back, trying not to watch the event in front of him and hoping his friends would suddenly have a change of heart about leaving.
Katie took the ping pong balls back to keep shooting as Emily smiled and celebrated with her audience. She seemed to have no fear, and that upset Katie even more. Emily was more comfortable with her body in general, so the idea of being naked at the party was probably far less terrifying for her. That, or she was just trying to scare Katie with her confidence. In the end, Katie realized, losing the panties early didn't make much of a difference, and actually allowed her to show less skin for a longer amount of time. Clever move, she thought.
Katie fired two more shots and both of them went in again. This time Emily did take both of her shoes off, ignoring the emphatic cheers for her to do otherwise. Despite her best attempts to hide it, Katie could tell that Emily was starting to get a little worried. She shot again and hit, but the next ball just barely missed. Emily exhaled in relief, but then jumped back into character. She reached under her blouse and unhooked her bra. She seductively slipped it off her arms and tossed it back to the crowd. It was black and sexy, and without it her hard nipples on her full breasts became very visible through the blouse. The bra went into the crowd and was caught by Sean, but Haley gave him a glare and he tossed it back to the side.
Now it was Emily's turn to shoot again. Her first shot missed to the disappointment of the crowd, but the second one hit. Katie shyly took off one of her socks and set it down next to her. She figured she'd keep all the clothes as close as possible, meaning even if she revealed a little skin she could cover up quickly. Katie got the balls back and this time hit one of two. Emily had fun stripping off her sock before getting ready to shoot again. Her first shot went in, and Katie got back to drinking, looking even more worried than before.
"Another sock then Miss Prude?" Emily taunted. Katie thought about taking something else off, but realized that was just the alcohol influencing her judgment. Instead she ignored the taunt and removed the second sock.
Emily's second shot bounced off one cup but landed in another. Katie was frustrated, but there was nothing she could do. She modestly undid her belt, slipped it off, and dropped it to the floor before consuming the beer. Now she was really starting to feel the alcohol, and she could feel herself starting to lose control. She had to start winning quick or this would not end well.
Emily's next shot missed, but the following landed right in. The spectators let out a loud cheer as Katie would finally have to remove something revealing. She, of course, chose her sweater. She pulled it over her head, but in doing so (with some drunken clumsiness) her halter-top lifted up as well, showing her bare stomach and glimpses of her bra. The crowd cheered even more. As Katie hurried to fix her shirt, she looked around and realized the crowd had grown, now to about 20 or so people. Clearly word had spread around the neighborhood about the festivities. She thought about locking the front door to prevent more influx, but before she knew it she was taking her turn.
The shot was a good one, and she followed it with another into an adjacent cup. Emily quickly disregarded her socks, and her anxiousness was becoming more and more apparent. She was down to just her skirt and blouse now and the crowd knew it, eagerly watching for what they'd all been waiting for, staring lustfully at her hard nipples poking through the thin fabric. Katie at this point was down to her jeans and her halter-top, but she felt very confident knowing she still had her bra and panties on underneath. Still, she was quite aware that she was sporting a black thong and a revealing bra, so she wanted to put this away as quickly as possible to avoid any unwanted humiliation.
The crowd began to chant: "Get - her - naked! Get - her - naked!" Katie had Emily "re-rack" the two cups into a straight line. She took her first shot - it hit the front rim of the first cup, but bounced off and landed right into the beer with a splash. "Take - it - off! Take - it - off!" everyone chanted. Emily looked distraught. She chugged the beer and then hesitated. She looked to her sister pleadingly.
"Hey, it was your idea Em. Take it off!" Emily grabbed her blouse and lifted it up, first over her flat stomach, hard from all the crunches at soccer practice. The crowd was eager. Most of her friends had always dreamed of seeing her naked, getting nothing more than bikinis in the summertime. The younger audience, Will's friends, couldn't believe what they were seeing. Emily was one of the hottest girls in the school, and here she was, revealing her breasts in front of them and a select few others. They remained quiet, hoping no one would think to kick them out. Will stayed in the back, drinking alone and waiting for this to be over.
The blouse reached the bottom of her breasts. Emily took a second, and then pulled it off. Her beautiful C-cup breasts popped into view, and everyone cheered ecstatically. Emily put her hands over her breasts, covering her hard nipples.
"Alright, take your shot," she said. Katie wound up, ready to end this fiasco. She took the shot. It hit the back rim, then the front rim, and then bounced out onto the table. Emily couldn't have been more relieved, though she was still in trouble, standing there in just her short white skirt with nothing beneath it. The crowd wasn't too disappointed - after all, they've already got one topless, they were eagerly hoping to see at least both girls in that state. The balls came back to Emily, but she kept her hands covering herself.
"You're gonna have to move those hands to take your shot," Katie called out from across the table. Emily adjusted so one arm covered her breasts, but in the process both nipples came into view. She tried to steady herself to shoot, then stopped and had Katie re-rack her cups into a diamond. Her first shot missed wildly as she struggled shooting with one arm across her chest. She realized what she had to do, so she dropped her arm down and focused on the cups. As she did so, the crowd again went crazy. Cameras began flashing and cell phones were all around them. Emily didn't protest, she knew she needed to focus. She took the shot, and this one went in. She put her hands up to celebrate, but quickly remembered her state of dress and went back to covering herself.
Katie was disappointed, but she knew she was still in control. She drank the beer, and then grabbed her halter top. She didn't waste any time teasing, quickly lifting it up and placing it on the floor next to her. Her black bra showed a little cleavage of her small but perky B sized breasts. In the state of drunkenness she was in, she really didn't mind the pictures and attention all too much. In fact, she slightly enjoyed the fact that so many people were enjoying what they were seeing. She shook that feeling off quick though, knowing they'd be enjoying it too much if she didn't end this soon. She knew one more made shot from Emily meant either her thong on display or her bare breasts, and she was not ready for either.
Katie focused and took her next shot, a miss to the left. She followed with a shot that hit the front of the last cup, just barely missing. Emily had another chance, and Katie again became nervous. Emily let her breasts go as she took the ping pong balls. She fired both back to back to keep herself exposed as little as possible. The first one missed, but the second went in. Emily celebrated with the crowd. Katie couldn't believe it. It was her breasts or her ass and she knew it.
"Em, we can stop this now if you want," Katie said, trying to sound generous but coming off as clearly anxious.
"Are you kidding? I'm about to beat you," Emily replied.
"Em, I have a boyfriend..."
"Well you should've thought about that before agreeing to try and get me naked." She was right, and Katie knew it. She looked to Haley for help, but her best friend could only offer a pitying shrug.
Katie unbuttoned the jeans and lowered the zipper. Immediately the flashes from cameras began to go off. She looked around sheepishly, then pushed the jeans down. They went down to her knees, revealing her athletic soccer player thighs. Immediately people flocked behind her, getting the best view of her now revealed butt.
"She's wearing a thong!" one boy called out.
"Check out that ass!" another yelled.
"Damn, college girls are so hot" one of the younger spectators said. Katie was trying to remove the jeans without bending over, but they were stuck at her ankles. She knelt toward the ground and slid the jeans over her feet, giving her audience a great view in the process. She took them off and placed them next to her. Everyone continued cheering as Katie tried to cover herself, knowing there wasn't much she could do. Then someone noticed what she hadn't.
"Check it out, she's all wet!"
"Hah, she's loving it!" Katie couldn't believe it, she was mortified. But she realized they were right, she was wet, very wet. Wetter than she had ever been with Nick. She didn't know what it was, but as humiliated as she was in the situation she was still aroused at everyone watching her in a way she'd never been seen before. She thought about Nick, and knew he wouldn't be ok with any of this. How could she stop it though? Before she had time to think. Haley brought her over another shot.
"I think you could use this." She took it down, and Haley was right, she needed it. It helped ease her a bit. After all, it was just her underwear. Other than it being a thong, it wasn't much worse than a bathing suit. She heard Sean say something to Haley about letting Pat know what's going on. Pat...the last person her boyfriend would ever want to see her like this. Of course Sean would tell him, they were best friends and Sean knows how much Pat lusts after Katie. She turned to stop him, but before she could someone handed her the ping pong balls. It was her turn to finish it.
She took her first shot, and it was a miss. She reminded herself of how many times she's done this before, then took a breath and tried to focus through her intoxication. Of course, her balance wasn't great right now after all these drinks. The excitement was getting to her too. But all she had to do was focus. Just one more shot and it was all over, she could put her clothes back on and go back to having fun with her friends. She let go of the shot, and she knew it was going in. It flew towards the cup, still on target. But if she had any depth perception left, it disappeared with the last shot of tequila. The ball hit the front of the cup and missed.
Katie was disappointed, but she knew it wasn't over. That didn't stop Emily from celebrating, jumping up and down with her breasts shaking uncontrollably. At this point, Emily had stopped caring about being topless, she just had to accept that most of her friends would now know what her breasts look like. After all, she had a great pair, her boyfriends always bragged to their buddies about them. Now the buddies are getting a first hand look. She felt more comfortable as she lined up for her next shots. Two cups to go. She took the first shot, in the front cup. Before Katie could even react, the second shot came out, and landed straight in the back cup.
The roof almost came off the house as everyone celebrated like they won the Super Bowl. The beautiful college girl in their presence, someone many of these boys had fantasized about all through high school, was about to get completely naked in front of them. Katie couldn't believe it. She had the game locked up, and suddenly it totally slipped away.
"Em, I can't..."
"Well, you have to."
"No, really Em, I can't do this." Tears began to trickle down her face a little. But she wiped them and stayed tough. Her moistening panties were betraying her terror, but she had to find a way out of this. "Please, I'll do anything Em."
Emily contemplated. Originally she more just wanted to see how far Katie would take it, but now that they'd come this far she wanted to see it happen as much as some of the guys. She knew Katie was too shy, too conservative, and she wanted her to loosen up. Sure, that was part of it. But she also wanted to win against her big sister, the one who was always so perfect - she wanted some revenge. Why show mercy when she was sitting their topless for all too see? So she thought of a compromise:
"I'll make you a deal. I'll take one more shot. If it misses, you don't have to get naked. You get dressed again and that will be that." The crowd booed loudly. "BUT! If I hit it," Emily continued, "then you have to remain naked until the end of the party." This certainly got the crowd excited. They waited for Katie's response.
"I can't do that," Katie replied.
"Well, suit yourself, lose the undies!" Katie took a breath. The thought of being naked was bad enough, but she assumed it would only be for a moment. Now she had to consider being naked for the rest of the party? For all to see, up close and from all different angles? She couldn't' let that happen, but she also knew she couldn't be naked to begin with. Plus, what were the chances Emily would hit again? It's a tough shot to make even once.
"Fine, you're on."
"Em-il-ly! Em-il-ly!" the crowd chanted loudly. Things had gotten more interesting than they had ever anticipated. Emily took the ball, wound up, fired away, and----IN! Emily went crazy with the crowd. Will's friends were jumping up and down. Haley couldn't believe what her friend had gotten herself into. Sean was salivating, at least until Haley smacked him.
"You can start by finishing those beers," Sean said, trying to act professional in his officiating. This part Katie didn't mind, as every sip helped at this point. She finished the remaining beers, and she was drunker than she had ever intended. But still not drunk enough to forget how bad this situation was. She started yelling at people to put their cameras away, but she knew it was useless. She had gotten herself in this situation, and she had only one way out.
Katie reached back, unhooked her bra, and slipped it off her shoulders. Her perky, lovely breasts popped forward. Her nipples were as hard as they had ever been before. She knew she just had to get this part over with. She put her fingers into the inside of her thong's waistband. She pushed down and slid them off as quick as possible. Her beautiful mound came into view for all to see. Her pubic hair was short, neatly trimmed, but visible. She immediately put one hand over her crotch and the other across her breasts.
"That position is gonna get tiring quick!" Emily yelled out as she slipped her shirt back on. Emily's underwear had vanished in the crowd, but she was quite content staying in just her white skirt and black blouse.
Katie realized her sister was right, everyone was going to see her tonight. She just had to accept it. The sooner it became less of a spectacle, the sooner people would get back to the party. She took a breath, and dropped her hands to her sides. People gathered all around, pushing each other for a better view. Her breasts stood firm, with a little bit of sweat glistening around her quarter-sized nipples, which grew hard in the center. Her moistness below had not subsided, and her unwanted arousal was clearly evident. Some guys gathered behind her, staring intently at the perfectly round ass they had always imagined seeing while watching Katie on the soccer field.
Katie noticed the men in her audience were having trouble concealing their arousals. While some of the girls were enjoying the show, others were annoyed and jealous of all the slobbering attention Katie was getting from the guys, some of them their own boyfriends. The lustful eyes and jealous glares were making her even more aroused, but she was snapped out of it by a flash from a camera. Suddenly, half the audience began pulling out their camera phones and clicking away uncontrollably.
If Katie was sober, she might've broken every one of their devices, or at least aggressively protested against them as it was not part of the bet. Instead, the thought of all these boys staring at their phones and ogling her while touching themselves was too exciting to handle. Her best drunken defense was yelling "these photos cannot spread around! I have a boyfriend and he cannot know about this, ok?" People nodded in agreement but were only half listening as they continued to document the show.
Tom, Will's friend, decided to test his luck, hoping the older girl's arousal was greater than her good sense: "alright, if we agree not to post the pictures, what do we get in return?" The crowd simmered down, anxious to see how far this would go.
"What, seeing me naked isn't enough?" she asked.
"Well we've seen that already," Tom replied, "we need more of a show if we're going to keep this to ourselves." People all agreed enthusiastically.
"What do you mean more of a show?" Katie asked, unsure if she was more nervous or excited.
"Well if you really don't want your boyfriend to see these, then we need some real incentive. We've already seen you naked, but perhaps if you...did some poses on the couch?" The crowd was near silent, beyond quiet agreements from everyone. Katie pretended to contemplate, but the notion of all the these boys wanting to look at her every detail was too much to resist.
"If I agree, you'll not share these anywhere? Not even at school? And you swear?" Katie asked naively. Perhaps she was getting too caught up in the moment, but she was able to justify her actions thinking she was protecting herself. Plus, they've already seen her naked, it's not like she was going to get more naked. And Nick wouldn't want naked pictures of her on the internet either, so really this was him for too.
Katie, motivated by her drunken logic, walked over to the couch and sat on it. She looked up at her audience, awkwardly crossing her legs, not knowing how one sits naked.
"Alright, um, spread the legs," Tom said nervously, not used to being in control. Katie spread her legs open, revealing her most intimate area for all to see.
"Wow, check that out!" one of Will's friends called out.
"She's so wet, she's dripping," one of Emily's male friends exclaimed. And he was right, Katie knew. She couldn't help it. She was suddenly enjoying the attention more then she ever thought possible.
"Alright, now turn around and bend over on the couch!" It was Sean who yelled this out. Haley was not amused, she grabbed Sean and began pulling him away against his protests. But Katie compiled nonetheless. She turned around and got on all fours on the couch. More camera flashes went, but she didn't get care at this point. Suddenly she was aching to touch herself, to relieve all this tension that had been building up all night.
Katie next had to bend over to touch her toes, and as she did the crowd moved behind her, snapping more and more photos along the way. After a minute Katie stood back up and turned around.
"Ok, are we done now?" she asked.
"Can we touch you?" another one of Will's friends eagerly asked. Her instincts were to say no, but the alcohol and her horniness held that response inside. Instead, she looked around and saw all of the boys surrounding her, each of them with their respective arousals pushing into their pants. She couldn't help it, she wanted all their hands on her body and she knew it. She didn't want to cheat on Nick though...but if it's only them touching her it's not technically cheating, she thought, trying to convince herself that she was doing this for Nick and not just for her animalistic urges.
"You promise, if you get to touch me no one will ever see these photos?" Everyone responded with a convincing affirmative. "Alright, you each get 30 seconds, but then that's it!" The boys all fought to get into a line, jumping to go first.
The first boy was one of Emily's friends, a captain on the football team. "I've been wanting to do this a long time," he said. Katie was surprised at that, and sent a wave of excitement pulsing through her body. She was always very conservative in school, and even though this boy was two years younger than her she always assumed, as a popular athlete, that he was out of her league. He immediately placed his hands on her breasts, rubbing her nipples and causing her to moan a little. He moved his hand to her ass, grabbing her right butt cheek and squeezing. He then lowered his hand to her crotch, and then gently rubbed his finger across her soaking wet lips. She couldn't help but let out a loud moan.
"Alright, time's up," she managed to say, despite her body urging her to keep going.
Two more boys went, each with a similar pattern to the first. Neither one was as attractive as the first though, and she pushed them along in order. Then it was Tom, Will's friend. She had never paid much attention to him, but now it aroused her how incredibly excited he was. He touched her gently, as if he was afraid of what might happen. His heart was racing, and for once Katie felt in control of the situation, knowing she had all the power here. He touched her nipples, and she realized this boy may have never seen a naked girl in person before. Because of this, she gave him some extra time, and did the same for his two friends after him. The third one knelt down and looked at her lips. She spread her legs open for him, and he touched them with his fingers. He started to slip them inside of her, but she stopped him.
"That's for my boyfriend only. Nothing sexual here, ok? This is just me letting you examine my body so no one else sees these pictures." Even as she tried to justify it, she knew her logic was heavily flawed. But she had to draw the line somewhere, and if she let his fingers inside of her she didn't know where she would stop.
After a few more boys looked her up and down, Haley approached her. Katie smiled, questionably.
"Do you mind?" Haley asked.
"Of course not," Katie replied, wondering what her typically dorky and conservative best friend was planning.
"I've kinda of wanted to do this for a long time." Haley knelt down in front of Katie. Clearly, she had her own fair share of alcohol and was getting worked up from the evening's festivities. She stuck her tongue out and placed it on Katie's clit. Katie moaned uncontrollably. All of the guys looked on anxiously, including Sean who couldn't believe what he was seeing. Haley continued to lick, moving her tongue in circles and up and down. Katie felt a massive orgasm building up inside of her, but the camera flashes brought her back to reality. She couldn't stand in front of all these people and have an orgasm. She felt her reluctance and stopped.
Katie smiled at her best friend and said, "thanks, let me know if you want me to finish that later."
As Haley got up, Sean approached. "Uh uh," Haley said to her boyfriend.
"Come on, you can't get to do THAT in front of all these people and I don't get ANY fun!"
"He makes a good point," Katie said in Sean's defense. Haley looked to Katie, then back to Sean.
"Fine, 30 seconds Sean," Haley said. Sean approached, still unable to believe how close he was to his girlfriend's best friend while she's completely naked. It's something he had fantasized about countless times before, and now it was happening. He looked at her breasts first, and lightly placed his hands on them. He had seen her in her bikini so many times and always wondered what was underneath, and now he knew. Her ass - he watched her every soccer game in those cute little soccer shorts, with her shapely curved butt running up and down the field. Now that ass was in his palm. He squeezed as his erection bulged against his pants. Katie took notice, licking her lips and she stared at Sean's crotch, always wondering herself what he had underneath.
"Alright, time's up!" Haley called out. Katie was a little disappointed, she was loving Sean's touch, but she understood.
The remaining guests took their 30 seconds. They all grabbed her breasts, squeezed her butt, and a few rubbed her clit. They knew not to go inside, and they were surprisingly respectful of that. Once the line was done, Emily called out "alright, enough guys! Time to get back to the party, remember?" Katie knew her sister was suddenly jealous of all the attention. Her plan had backfired. She wanted to torment Katie in front of her friends, but instead all of her friends were obsessed with her big sister's body. But Emily was right, it was time to get back to the party. Things were getting a little out of control, and Katie was having a harder and harder time controlling herself. She still could justify herself as being faithful - she let some harmless kids touch her so they didn't post pictures of her naked, that's understandable she thought. And she didn't touch any of them. All she did was lose a bet, that's all.
So the party continued. People went back to playing games, and soon it became totally normal that Katie was naked. Some of the older guys (and a couple girls) would occasionally squeeze her butt in passing, but she didn't seem to mind. Everything was actually fairly normal, and Katie continued drinking and enjoying all the attention. Emily continued to battle for some of that attention, trying to let boys "accidentally" catch glimpses beneath her skirt where she still had no panties. The drunker she got, the more obvious these attempts became, but the boys certainly didn't mind the view as Emily bent over to pick up all sorts of things she'd "drop." Even Will had rejoined the festivities, though he wouldn't look either of his sisters in the eye anymore.
After a particularly intense game of flip cup, the doorbell rang. Katie was having a blast at this point, and even drunker than before she had pretty much forgotten how unusual her nakedness was. As a result, she called out that she would get the door. She ran over and threw it wide open. Before her was Pat - Sean's best friend, and the boy who had been chasing her for a very long time. She knew he'd always had a huge crush on her, and now he was standing in front of her naked body. His jaw dropped to the floor. "Whoah," was all he could say.
"Hey Pat! Come on in, we're playing flip cup." Pat didn't want to jinx the invitation so he immediately entered. He thought better than to inquire about her state. Sean had simply messaged him and said "get over here right away, there's something you have to see." Pat had no idea that "something" meant the girl of his dreams butt naked in front of him. She turned away from him to walk back toward the living room and Pat's erection shot upward as he saw her beautiful behind swaying in front of him. He had literally walked into his fantasies.
Pat caught up to Katie by the flip cup table. He found a spot right next to her and began playing alongside her, pretending that nothing was out of the ordinary. Katie knew she was driving him nuts, but she was having fun feigning her ignorance. As they were playing, his arm would continually rub against her's and she couldn't help but enjoy it. Then, after one exciting win she turned and gave Pat a celebratory hug. As she did, she felt his erection poking against her waist. She couldn't' help but become even more aroused at this. All of the built up sexual tension throughout the night was really catching up to her, and she knew that she was already incredibly attracted to Pat, even if she would never admit it to Nick.
After a couple more games, the remaining partygoers moved to the couch. Most of the attendees had left gradually throughout the night, eager to review their new photo galleries in private. There was still about 10 people left: Katie, Pat, Sean, Haley, Emily, her football friend Bill, Tom, Will, and 3 more of Emily's friends (1 guy and 2 girls).
"Hey, I've brought some ganja over if you guys want to burn," said Bill. Pat almost said no right away, knowing that Katie had never smoked before. But Katie beat him to it.
"Yeah, why the hell not?" She surprised herself when she said it. But at this point, she was sitting naked in front of 9 other people like it was nothing, she was very drunk, and had let a bunch of strangers touch her in her most private places. What's a little weed?
The group smoked out of a bowl, and after a couple hits Katie found herself feeling more relaxed and out of it then ever before. She also found herself feeling hornier than she ever thought she could. Pat's hand brushed against her leg as he leaned forward on the couch and she felt like she could've orgasmed right then and there. She found herself melting into the couch, but then realized she wasn't listening to the conversation, which was suddenly about her.
"So that's when Emily hit the last shot, and Katie had no choice but to strip," Sean was explaining to Pat.
"Wow, and then what happened?" Pat asked, almost slobbering for the details.
"Well, then we each got to take a turn touching her"
"Wait, seriously?!" Pat turned to Katie. "Really??"
Haley came to Katie's defense, knowing her friend was in no state to stand up for herself: "well she didn't have much of a choice. Everyone was snapping photos, but they all agreed to keep it to themselves if they could cop a feel. So she gave them each 30 seconds."
Pat couldn't believe what he was hearing, but also couldn't believe he didn't get over there quicker. "Damn, just my luck that I missed out, huh?"
"Well, I'm still here, aren't I?" Katie said. The heads turned her way, surprised to hear her speak for the first time since they smoked. Katie was on auto pilot at that point. All she knew was she felt great, didn't have a care in the world, and was too horny to handle.
"Ah, are you, uh, sure? I can, have my turn?" Pat stumbled through nervously.
"I don't have a choice, right? I can't have you showing Nick my pictures." No one thought to argue with her logic as the sexual tension began to heat up again. Will took this opportunity to make his way to bed, but Tom stayed, pulling out his camera phone and discreetly starting a video recording. Pat put his hand on Katie's thigh, and a pulse shot up her leg as the juices began to flow out of her. She had never been so sensitive to touch, never so horny in her life.
"So, I can, touch you anywhere?" Pat asked.
"Anywhere," Katie responded. Pat slid his hand up her thigh toward her lips, but stopped himself. He rubbed his hands down the sides of her legs, then up to her breasts. He had dreamt for years of touching them, even seeing them. And now they were before him in all their perfection. He leaned in and licked her nipple and she began to breathe heavily.
Pat then knelt down in front of her as she sat on the couch. His hands rubbed her legs, and then he leaned in and placed a kiss on her crotch. She moaned louder than she thought she was capable of. Pat took this as an invitation to continue. He placed his tongue inside and began to lick. She continued to moan and her breathing began to pick up even more. His hand moved up her leg, and as it neared her crotch she grabbed it and moved it to her opening. He took two fingers and slid them inside of her. She let out a scream. He began to move his hand in and out and Katie began panting and panting. Nothing had ever felt this good to her before, not even Nick, who was being pushed further and further from her mind.
Haley sat on the opposite couch watching. Without realizing, her hand had slipped inside her own pants and she was rubbing herself, watching her best friend get eaten out so close to her. Katie looked over and saw this and moaned even louder. She pulled Pat up, and wasted no time unbuttoning his pants and pulling them down to expose his manhood. Through all their flirting, she had always wondered how big he was. And now his seven inches were staring her right in her face, a good two inches bigger than her boyfriend. She had never wanted a cock inside her more than that moment. She put her hand on it and began rubbing. Then she leaned in and hungrily started licking it, before taking it all in her mouth and sucking.
The rest of the room was getting caught up in the show. Sean had his own cock out, rubbing it hard. Haley unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down to her knees as she continued to rub herself. She had been with just Sean for 7 years, and now all of these people were seeing her touch herself. Emily wasn't going to be outdone by her sister. She had her shirt off again, but still and her white skirt on. With no panties still, she climbed on top of Bill the football player. She pulled his pants off and slipped him right inside of her. She began riding him, wet as can be from all the booze, weed and sexual tension throughout the evening.
Tom sat there recording, amazed at what he was seeing. He started to touch himself, and couldn't help but cum in seconds from all the excitement. Emily's other friends sat in the far corner, baked as can be and glued to the couch. They just stared and watched, incredibly aroused but happy remaining spectators at the sexual energy that was being unfolded.
Katie continued to suck on Pat, but she knew what she wanted. By this point, she had already crossed the line and she knew it. Her judgement was fogged and her labido was throbbing. Marijuana alone would've given her more sensitivity than she had ever experienced, but her first try was after the most sexually exciting few hours of her lifetime. The combination was too much to control.
She didn't care about Nick in that moment. She didn't care about her shame, about all the people in the room watching her, recording her, or how turned on she made them all. She thought about Haley eating her out. She thought about Tom's excitement at touching her. At Bill always wanting her. And at Pat. Pat who she always flirted with thinking it was harmless, but secretly she always wanted him. Now she knew it. There was no going back. She took Pat out of her mouth and pushed him back on the couch. She turned and straddled him. She grabbed his cock, and she slipped it into her opening.
He slid in smooth through her wetness. As soon as he was in she began screaming like never before. It was a feeling of complete ecstasy like she had never experienced. She began moving back and forth, back and forth, but after just a few pumps she was closing in on the orgasm that was building all throughout the night. She pumped harder, faster, harder, faster. His moans joined hers. She knew it was coming. She loved that it was his dick inside of her. That it was him who was going to finish her off. That all of these people had seen her naked. That dozens of boys had pictures of her on complete display. That they'd be looking at those pictures for the rest of their lives. That they'd share them with all their friends and all of these people would masturbate looking at her in complete nakedness. That they all wanted her. That she could fuck any of them and they'd cum inside of her. That's what she wanted, for Pat to cum inside of her. In and out. In and out. She was closing in. She was breathing heavily. Screaming at the top of her lungs. She knew her best friend, her sister, kids she passed in the halls, her brother's friend, and her best friend's boyfriend were all about to see her lose complete control in an orgasm. And she knew that it was going to happen with the one guy her boyfriend was most jealous of inside of her.
She rode back and forth. She heard Haley scream behind her, cumming hard. Right after Haley was Sean. She turned and saw Emily slide off of Bill as Bill came all over Emily's beautiful chest. She looked and saw Tom staring right at her as he continued to rub himself with one hand, recording with the other. Then she looked to Haley, out of breath but still with her eyes fixed on her best friend, seeing her ass move back and forth. It was all too much for Katie to handle.
As she neared explosion, Pat was getting close. He moved to pull out, but Katie pulled him hard right back in. He then hit the point. He erupted inside of her. She felt herself fill up with his cum, and as soon as it hit her she lost complete control. She began screaming at the top of her lungs, moaning in absolutely pure ecstasy. It kept going, and going and going. She had never had an orgasm last for so long. It felt like 10 minutes of nonstop pleasure. And then, after it all, her body came back to earth. She pulled herself off of Pat, his cum falling out of her, and fell to the side and sat back on the couch.
She took a deep breath. She looked around at all her spectators. At the sex filled room that she had created just by being naked and sexy, innocent and seductive. She felt her energy picking right back up again, and she loved it.
"Who's next?" she asked.
THE END.