Any and all characters are 18+
"Hey, did you pack the cooler and enough water?" Mom called down as I checked the pressure on the tyre.
"Don't worry mom! All's cool, just hurry up now," I shouted back. She finally came down and started fussing with our stuff.
So, after some bad planning and some more bad planning, mom and I were taking a rather lengthy road trip to some family thing. Needless to say, I wasn't looking forward to spending a week in some rural town. But, I'd be lying if said I wasn't looking forward to the road trip with mom.
And who wouldn't? With tight pants, tank top and loose shirt on her athletic body, mom looked absolutely stunning. She had her hair up in a messy ponytail and with sunglasses on, she had a half nerdy, half sporty look about her. Her fussing done, even she looked excited to get going.
And we were off. Listening to music and just randomly chatting we soon started getting bored. We enjoyed the views for a while but it was just the same scene all the way. By afternoon, mom took over from me and I dozed off. It was a rather long nap and when I woke up it was late evening. Mom complained that even she was tired and we decided to stop at an earlier motel.
As far as motels go, it was decent, our room had two beds and seemed clean enough. After grabbing a bite to eat we watched TV for a while and went to bed. I had just fallen asleep when there was a sound of something falling in the next room, it was followed by more stuff tumbling down. Thinking it was probably a drunk guy stumbling in, I turned over trying to go back to sleep.
Ah, it was futile though because soon a different kind of noise started coming in. From the next room, as I slept close to mom, there was a steady squeak of bedsprings, soon followed by increasingly louder moans. I was amused. A lot awkward since mom was there and starting to get a bit turned on! I just hoped and hoped that mom was asleep or at least didn't know that I was up as well.
I lay there as the moans had now become soft passionate screams when suddenly mom spoke, "Well, looks like at least someone's having fun tonight". I had no idea what to reply! I was about to mumble something when she burst out laughing. The tension broke, even I let out a chuckle as we waited for them to be done.
They seemed to be taking forever though and mom seemed to be in a fun mood. She knocked on the wall and shouted, "just finish her already". Somehow this seemed to increase the squeaking and moans and soon after reaching a wild tempo, it suddenly stopped. "Good job!" Mom called out and pulled the blanket over her head. This had been awkward but somehow also fun to see mom losen up like this.
The next day, as we waited for breakfast the couple from next door came out. By the looks of their bags they seemed to be hitchhikers and they left down the road. After having breakfast we hit the road again. We had barely gone a while when we saw the couple walking by the side of the road.
"Hey, slow down let's offer them a ride," mom said rolling down her window.
"Uh why?" I mumbled but slowed down anyway.
The happily accepted our invitation and climbed in the back. Mom gave me a half pout, knowing I wasn't entirely on board. After a bit of small talk everyone soon fell into a lull. I had literally taken to counting road stripes when I suddenly noticed something in the mirror. They had started making out! It was so weird but I didn't want to say anything because that will just make the whole thing way more awkward.
Soon though, they really started going at it. He had started groping her tits while their lips were furiously locked on each others. I tried to keep looking straight ahead but soon I found my eyes looking more in the rear view mirror than on the road. That was until a slide glance gave the shock of my life.
There was something I had never ever would have anticipated. Not only were mom's eyes fixed on the mirror, watching them make out, her hand was down her pants! What the hell! I was so taken aback that I just blurted out, "Mom?"
She darted a look at me and just shrugged. Even if the couple heard me, they didn't seem to care. It seemed to go forever. The two of them passionately locked in each other's arms while mom fingered herself right next to me. They had asked us to drop them off at the next gas station and I couldn't wait for it. At the same time, half hoping that it never comes. Anyway, I was relieved when I saw one at a distance. Not looking back I announced that I was stopping there.
The continued making out till the car had stopped. Breaking away they thanked us profusely and left. As soon as they left, mom really started pleasuring herself. Unsure what to do I started driving. I kept glancing at her and my rising dick was now rock hard. One time she caught my eye and the next thing I noticed was her reaching out and grabbing my dick. "What the hell, mom!" I blurted out.
Continued to cup and rub my dick she whispered, "I am just so so turned on right now!" Really starting to rub my dick now, she continued, "Don't tell me you aren't horny right now. And besides, what happens on a road trip, stays on the trip".
With that she had unbuckled me and started jerking me off. As her strokes increased, I started relaxing. Fucking horny now, I tentatively reached for mom's tits and started cupping it. She just started jerking off faster at that and taking the signal I started groping her tits. It was getting really crazy now until mom shouted, "Just pull over!"
I had barely pulled over when mom practically jumped on me. After giving me a really lusty look, her mouth came down on mine for a hard long kiss. I continued to fondle her tits as she grinded against me. Breaking away she quickly removed her shirt. I pulled her top and bra down, baring her tits. She came in for a kiss again as I now had my hands on her naked tits. We were right there by the side of the road as cars passed by. Not that we even noticed or cared.
Lips still locked, mom pulled her pants down. I immediately reached for pussy, her wet, dripping pussy. I started fingering her but she pulled my arm away. She was done playing now. She grabbed my dick and in one smooth motion slid it inside her. She started riding me in steady strokes and then suddenly shifting gears started really bouncing on my dick. A car had slowed down and stopped besides ours. We didn't give a shit.
Mom was riding me like crazy now, tits flopping up and down, occasionally fondled by me. She was panting and heaving and moaning right into my mouth. This was so wrong. So fucking wrong. My mom was riding me in broad daylight by the side of a busy road while someone was peeping on us. It didn't take much time for us to reach climax amidst wrestling tongues and heavy thrusts. Her whole body convulsed on mine as we came like crazy, mom on top of me as we went through throes of an orgasm.
Mom continued to slowly grind against me. Finally breaking free she noticed the car next to us. I thought she was going to panic and try to cover up but she surprised me once again. Taking a tit in each hands she turned towards the two guys in the car. "Enjoyed the show boys?" she winked at them. Surprised and confused they quickly rushed away.
"That was fucking hot!" Mom exclaimed into my ear, nuzzling my neck.
"Answer me honestly, mom" I said looking straight into her eyes. "When did you become such a slut?"
"Huh" she exclaimed lightly punching me, "I am your mother..."
"Who just fucked her son in front of random people!" I cut her short. "Tell me what was hotter. Fucking your son or fucking before strangers?" I half mocked.
Dropping the fake outraged look from her face, she gave me a short kiss and breaking away winked and announced, "Well, we'll just have to find out".
As she scooted to her seat, I pulled my pants up and we started on the road again. My mind raging with what had happened and even more, raging with scenarios of fucking and exposing her in public. I was starting to get hard again and as I checked the nav, an interesting idea popped in my mind.
"Hey mom", I turned to her. "Take off your shirt and top," I instructed her. Feigning a miffed look, she unbuttoned her shirt o e button at a time. Not wanting to miss it, I had slowed down. Shirt off, she pulled her top over her head. As she removed her bra, she was completely topless now.
Her hair had become messy now. Reaching out I let it down. "Go to the back seat," I told her. As she scooted back, I popped open the sun roof, "C'mon now, stand up".
"No!" She protested.
"Hey you are the one who said 'got to find out'. Now unleash the slut, mom!" I retorted.
Giving me an odd look, she stood up on the seat. Her naked top was outside the roof now. Tits bared for all to see. I pulled out from the freeway, taking a side road. It was passing through a village. I zoomed on, my topless mom flashing anyone who bothered to look.
Unfortunately I could see nothing but I could imagine that she looked absolutely slutty, tits popping out, hair whipping behind with the wind. I made sure to drive just fast enough for people to notice but not really look. I took the longest route through flashing mom to as many people as possible.
As we left the village, I noticed a group of young men. I slowed down. They were getting a really good view of mom now. "Hey mom, let's not leave without a gift," I told her handing her her bra. Winking at me she threw it to them as I sped away.
As she climbed down, I pulled her onto my lap, back against the door. "You flashed an entire village, mom," I paused. "You are just my dirty little slut aren't you?" I asked in a hoarse voice. Visibly turned on, she started biting her lower lip.
I drove on, mom topless on my lap, eagerly anticipating what might come next!