I am an onanist. That is to say, I find my sexual satisfaction through masturbation. It began when I was too poor to be with girls. Then I got good at it and began to like it. It's simple, convenient, and easy. I do miss the human part of a living sex partner: the chatting and snuggling. But at least the sex is taken care of.
Now, I am not lazy nor unimaginative. I pursue an orgasm with the intention of prolonging the experience as much as possible in order to experience as strong an orgasm as possible. The more excited I become, the clearer the characters become. At the height of my excitement, the people become real, if only for a moment. No lust addled lover ever sought his love with more enthusiasm than that with which I contrive an orgasm. The good ones grip me from my neck to my ankles, my whole body thrusting with the forced of the pent up spasm.
So when I begin, I strip out of my day clothes and put on a tee shirt and some panties. I like wearing panties. I like the way the stretchy material gently cups my cock and balls; I like the way I can feel the leg holes curve up my thigh. I also like them because I can stroke myself without restraint and yet without worry that I might orgasm too soon. I've found I can touch myself any way I like, but the sensations will never accumulate into an orgasm when I touch myself through the cloth.
I have several kinds and I have my own panty drawer. I sort them onto three types: the very stretchy and tight ones that press my balls and cock against me; then the cotton ones with the scalloped edging and pretty colored stripes or bouquets; finally, some thin satiny ones that amplify the effect of my touch. Which ones I wear depends on how much time I have to spend with my lover. If I don't have much time, then I start with the satin ones. If I have an afternoon or evening, I'll get into the tight ones. Right now, I am wearing the tight ones: they are yellow and have stripes of lacy material across the front. They are so tight that my cock can't really get very hard. It's sort of a cage I confine myself in to start.
I also have two lovers. One is blond and tall. She has large breasts, wide hips and long legs. When I am with her, I call her "Mistress" or "ma'am." My other lover is shorter and slighter. I call her Linda. She's Hispanic and has darker skin. Her black hair perfectly matches her skin and her eyes. Both girls are fit and very comfortable with their sexuality and the roles that come along with it. Let me tell you of a weekend with my lover.
It is Friday night and we are meeting for the weekend. We are using some condo sort of thing with a living room, kitchen, bath, and bedroom. In the living room, There are two easy chairs, each with its own ottoman. These face a couch running along beneath a wall of windows. Outside, a fairly busy street runs past.
Now I move to my lounge chair. I lean back and sit back with me feet pressed sole to sole. This spreads my legs wide. I run my thumb up from my asshole to the back of my balls. A shiver runs up through my balls. Then I rub my finger tips against the tight cotton imprisoning my cock. From the end of each finger, tingles of pleasure slowly accumulate at the bottom of my cock. I like running my hands across my ass and thighs. I reach up under my shirt and pinch each nipple. Not a lot, but just a sting. I return my hands to my lap and rub my palms up and down against my cock.
I am waiting for Linda and I am mad. She told me that she fucked some guy at some party. We fought but when she knelt naked at my feet and begged me to not end our relationship, I relented. I would forgive and forget but I told her we needed to get some things clear. She needed to commit to our relationship and that entailed reserving her body for me alone. She has my body as hers alone; I need the same back. She agreed. Then I told her that I was still hurt and needed to respond somehow. I wanted to punish her and test her commitment to our relationship. She agreed. And so I am waiting for Linda and I am mad.
Sometime after dinner, I hear her car arrive and I go to the window to watch her. Her legs are not long but shapely. Today she has encased them in black nylons. Her black mini-skirt does not quite hide all of the lacy tops of her stockings and they peek out as she moves. Her blouse is baggy white but thin enough to easily reveal the black bra she wears beneath it. When she stands with her small overnight bag in her hand, the texture of her bra cups outlines clearly. She walks on high heels to the door and knocks. I do not answer at first. She knocks again and I do not open it, but I answer. I tell her to turn slowly around. When her back is to me, I tell her to stop and touch her breasts. She raises her hands and cups her breasts, standing on the front door step for anyone to see.
I let her in and we embrace at first, but then I hold her away from me. I tell her to clasp her hands behind her back. This pushes her breasts out prominently. I reach out and pinch one by the nipple. I feel it harden between my thumb and forefinger. Holding her so intimately and yet at such a distance embarrasses her. She blushes, which excites me. Why are you here? To be with you. To be with me, you will have to let me punish you and you will have to prove your dedication and commitment to our being together. Are you ready to do this? Yes I am. You are what? Ready. Ready for what? Ready to be punished by you and then to prove to you that I have dedicated my heart and my body to you. To prove this, I am going to need you to agree to do anything I tell you to this weekend, no matter how strange. I will not put you in any danger or hurt you. Well, at least not much. Are you willing? I agree. I pull her to me and we kiss passionately. I invite her into the living room.
I sit on the couch with her bag next to me. I tell her to stand in front of me. She faces the windows. Now that it is dark, she can only see a reflection of herself. Outside, however, anyone who looks can see what she sees, but not reflected. I told you to only bring sexy clothes. Did you do this? Yes. Then tell me why you thought each piece was sexy. Start with your blouse. I thought the way it hid so much and yet revealed clear if brief glances at my bra. The short tight skirt is to show the size and shape of both my ass and my legs. The stockings highlight my legs and their shape. They also invite the eye up under my skirt. Good idea; take off your blouse and skirt.
Her panties are black and have the same lacy pattern as her bra. She is right; the stockings really do work well with the rest of her. She stares at her reflection in the windows, knowing that anyone passing outside could see exactly what she sees. I open her bag and begin taking out pieces of clothing and ask her to explain why she thought they were sexy. I hold them up and she explains. The red nighty because it was very sheer and exposes me rather completely. My white panties are made of satin but have patches of lace that outline my pussy. The matching bra is cut very low, exposing a lot of my breasts. I brought a matching pair of black panties and bra. I brought a pair of stockings for each set because they make me feel like being dirty. The white dress is conservative except it is a thin cotton and easy to see through. Finally, the stretchy top clings to my breasts and the jeans are very tight. I also brought these stretchy slacks: they cling to my body like a second skin.
By this time, my cock is really struggling with my panties. It presses out but the cage is strong. I have begun to ache so I feel ready to switch. I peel off the tight panties and replace them with a cotton pair, printed with small bouquets of yellow and blue flowers. These are not tight and there is more room for my cock to swell and grow. The cloth still dulls the electricity of my touch but with the room to grow, the sensitivity grows as well. I press my palm against the tip and let my fingers dangle down to my balls. I rub against my palm while my fingers tease and stroke, but only with the tips. My cock surges and hardens.
I tell her she is beautiful, and she should finish stripping, right there where everyone can see her. She unsnaps her bra and shrugs it off her shoulders. Her breasts are so firm that they do not change shape very much when the release from the cups. They thin out a bit as she leans over to step out of her panties. There she stands completely naked and staring at the reflection of herself standing there in front of me. I stand and walk around her, examining her. She blushes a bit to be so naked around someone full dressed. I stand behind her and caress her breasts from behind. She worries if anyone has noticed her and I hope they have.
I kiss her neck and we go into the bedroom. There are straps running under the mattress that ends in cloth shackles. I have her lay down on her back and out on the eye coverings for airplanes. I spread her feet and attach them. Her legs are now spread wide and I can see her pussy. Her arms follow and she is tied spread eagled on the bed. I walk around her, touching her occasionally. A light touch here, a pinch there, a full palm pressed against her pussy. She keeps her hair and trims it into a neat triangle. She knows I don't like shaved pussy. For your punishment, I want you to tell me all about it. Everything. I hate the thought that he might have secrets with you. I want to know it all. While talking I have separated a single pubic hair with my fingers. I have wrapped one around my finger.
We were at his house. She squeals as I pull out the hair. What were you wearing? Jeans and a tee shirt. I'm slowly twisting another hair around my finger. What underwear? Just a white bra and panties. Which? The bikinis that have the scalloped edge and the... ahhhh, as I pull out another hair...little bow. Why were you at his house? We went there to get his guitar. Who touched who first? He touched me. He touched my breasts and tried to kiss me. I usually let him play with my breasts. Ow, another hair. But I would never let him below my waist. He wanted it so bad. He'd been wanting it so bad for so long. This time I didn't stop him. He put his hand down my pants and I didn't move at all. So he took all my clothes off. Another squeek and another hair. Did you help him. No. Did you take his clothes off? No, he stripped himself. When he lay back down next to me and began to kiss my neck, I could feel how hard he was, resting against my leg. Did you touch him? Yes, once, to put him inside me. Ah, as I yank another hair. I was dry and unhappy, so it didn't work very well. What do you mean? He couldn't keep hard. So I offered to blow him instead. Ahhh, as I pull another hair. Were you standing or lying down? Lying down. Another hair. Did you touch him or only let him into your mouth? I held him while I sucked him. Did he cum in your mouth? Ouch; another hair. Yes. Ow. Did you swallow his cum? No. Then you will swallow mine from this moment onwards. I twirled another hair around my finger. Yes. Yes what? Yes, I will let you cum in my mouth and I will swallow your cum. I let go of the hair.
I tell her she had betrayed me with her body, and she would need to show her commitment to us with her body. I tell her that she has to do everything I tell her to do all weekend long. I ask if anyone has ever had sex with her ass. Her nipples hardened as I speak. I pinch one and she squirms. No. You like the idea? Yes. Yes what? I like the idea. What idea? The idea of having you enter my ass. You want me to fuck you up the ass? Yes. Yes what? I want you to fuck me up the ass.
I put my hand on her mons. She squirms a bit more but she cannot close her legs: the straps hold her wide. Two fingers inside into her and curve upwards. I begin to stroke the spot just behind her pubis bone. It thickens and roughens almost immediately. She gasps as I begin to stroke her. I watch as the spasm ripple through her, each more convulsive and strong than the one before. Her legs begin to quiver and her hips thrust. She pants through clenched teeth, chin tucked into her chest, eyes shut tight. The quivers roll up her stomach like waves. I suddenly pull my fingers out, leaving her vagina gaping open. She opens her eyes. There is a wanton look in her eyes, almost savage in its sexual purpose.
I have to take my hand away. I'm pulsing and singing with pleasure where my hand is wildly rubbing my shaft. Precum has poured out of the tip and formed a wet streak down my panty. I want to last longer so I get my cock collar. It is a thick strip of leather and two inches wide. It fits around my balls and holds them away from my body. This makes it harder to come. My balls are slick and stiff with the skin stretched to its limit. I like to use my fingers to tickle my balls. I run my finger tips lightly up my cock around the tip and back again. I shiver and feel my balls tighten against the collar.
I stand at her feet, where she can look down the length of her helpless and bound body and watch me undress. I pull my shirt over my head and see her eyes light up with desire as I sling it into a chair. Then my trousers. When I stand with them in my hands, her eyes do not stray from the bulge under my shorts. I pull out the waistband and my cock pops out, stiff and ready. I loosen the straps and untie her. She rolls over and kneels, sticking her pussy and ass into the air. My cock slips into her easily. She shudders and purrs as I first enter her. Soon, I am driving into her again and again, harder and harder. She continues to get wider and wetter as I slide in and out. My orgasm grows with hers and we end grinding against each other, groaning and rubbing. I flood her as her pussy contracts in spasms that like me. Even my toes are dug in and curled as I spasm into her. She holds herself against me until both our breathing subside. We flop over into a spoon with me still inside her. I reach over her shoulder and cup her breast.
I'm glad you're back. I'm glad to be back too. Then I turn out the light and we drift off to sleep together.