MY DOUBLE BYPASS ADVENTURE
By Dann0
For context sake, the reader may wish to first read an earlier horny "medical adventure" story, my spartan account of my messy barium enema and how I met my naughty nurse wife Beth. At least my barium enema experience was an outpatient procedure. My unexpected double bypass lasted a full five days. I am again using the fictitious name Joe Williams to um, protect the guilty. Since everyone is guilty in the story, all the names are made up, actually. With that on to the, ahem, adventure.
~
My first hint that my hurriedly scheduled double bypass surgery might offer me some special treatment for me came from my nurse wife Beth who advised me to be sure and ask for her nurse friend Ginny to do the full body preop shaving and not to let one of the CNAs do it, as they were too "by the book." Too by the book? I did not pursue it, but I should have.
And now it was happening. The elevator doors opened and the woman pushing the gurney seemed a bit too cheerful. "You ready for your full body shave, Hon? Head to toe and everything in between."
Though it was barely 6:00 a.m. and had not had coffee, I had a come back. "You just wish you were doing it." I turned around to look at her. "Am I right?"
Clearly busted she did not respond verbally, but blushed profusely.
I thought about the little groin shave I received prior to my heart catheterization. I was supposed to have been shaved for a femoral artery opening. The young CNA got carried away and ended up shaving the right half of my pubic area. She seemed to not care one whit that the blanket the doctors had covered me with. I did not object when moved off to the side, exposing my whole nether region. No one else seemed to care either as she ran the electric trimmer over my skin, then finished up with long stretches of tape to pick up the hair. With many medical procedures under my belt, I was used to this.
My attention turned again to the woman pushing the gurney. "Anyway, I suppose I am ready, and what choice do I have anyway? Are they really going to shave ALL of me?"
She laughed. "Every single hair!" She pushed the gurney through large double doors and into what I assumed to be a pre-op area. Ahead was a large curtain which she barreled through, past a desk with a large monitor. The attractive woman sitting at the desk jumped and pulled the curtain around the enclosure. "You must be Joe. We've been expecting you. Beth told me to give you extra special care this mornin'.
"You must be Ginny then. Beth says you and she went to nursing school together."
"We sure did." She looked at me to see my reaction.
Dark curls, Dimples. She was exceptionally cute. "So, are you as ornery as she is?"
"Nobody is as ornery as Beth. But the whole class was one of the most fun ones -- ever --according to everything I hear. So you ready for your head to toe shave?"
"I guess so."
"I'll use an electric trimmer until I get to your privates. Then I'll switch to a straight razor. Male genitalia, especially the scrotum, is too prone to nicks with the trimmer. You no doubt noticed we got you in a front opening gown for the shaving. When you wake up from surgery, you'll be in one that opens in the back." She tenetively opened the top to look at my chest. "I'm gonna need a lot of tape for that chest? You hairy all over?"
"Yeah, fairly hairy."
"Let me see." Ginny opened the gown even further and looked me up and down. "You ain't lyin." She stuck her head out of the curtain. "Missy, can you get me a new roll of tape I got a hairy one here."
Moving the gown further apart, it fell to the sides and I was now basically completely naked. What else was new? She took a second to eyeball my penis laying over my right leg then looked at me. "Who only did one half of your pubic area?"
I explained that the girl doing the heart catheter hair trim was only supposed to do my right inner thigh, for the femoral artery catheter, but got a bit carried away. "She kept pushing the blanket further and further over. No one seemed to notice or care."
"Hmmph. These youngsters they hire as CNAs. I can see she must have got an eyeful. Well, best get down to it. She clicked on the electric shaver and started pushing off handfuls of chest hair.
A young woman stuck her head in then partially entered, to better take in the view I assumed. Then, eyes wide, she came all the way in behind the drape holding the new roll of tape. "Damn, he is a hairy one." She watched Ginny work for what I felt was way too long. "I'll be close by with the shave cream, towelettes and razor when you need 'em. Enjoy your shave, Hon." She looked at my crotch, gave me a smile and turned around.
Ginny was working quickly which I found impressive. "So, you shave a lot of guys, I assume."
"All day long. Every day."
I tried not to look shocked. "Nice work if you can get it."
"Yep. It is."
"So, how's your boyfriend feel about that?"
"Girlfriend. I'm bisexual, actually.'
"Oh. Oh my. Lucky you."
Looking up she gave me a warm smile. Down to below my navel now, I was starting to get tingles. Next my right leg. She picked up my penis and placed it over my left leg. Then picking the leg up, moved it out to do the inner thigh. Seemingly completely unfazed by my nudity, she looked up at one point. "I'll get the peri-anal area with the razor too. It's easier." And with that it was on to the other leg, after first flipping my penis again. In another few minutes, I was basically shaved except for my pubic/genital area. She grabbed the roll of tape and started ripping of arm lengths of it pressing it all over my body. The tape ripping took longer than the shave it seemed.
Missy stuck her head in holding shaving supplies. "I heard the tape pulling." She looked me up and down. "Not much hair left on him now." I watched Ginny pick up a can and press. "Heated foam! For your comfort! Beth requested it. She started slathering it all over my balls, penis and peri-anal area. Missy had not yet left the room and I shot her a look, expecting her to leave. But she stayed. Her gaze was intense, fully enjoying the view.
"I'm gonna have to move your family jewels around a lot, hope you're okay with that." She lifted my testicles to shave underneath, then pulled them down to shave on top. "You got a lot of foreskin. I have to slide it back tight now." With one hand wrapped around my shaft, she slid her hand down to shave all around the end under the rim. Then pulling it out to stretch it, shaved the shaft down to the base, underside, left, right, on top. At this point it had stiffened up considerably. Her touch was anything but shy.
She looked at my manhood appreciatively. "It's a lot easier to shave it when it's hard. Nothing to be embarrassed about, especially as blessed as you are." She gave me, then Missy, a quick smile and went back to work.
"Not embarrassed at all. You are quite the expert penis handler if I may say that."
She took a hot towel and wrapped it around my shaft, then down to the base. It was fully erect now, glistening and red from the hot towel. "Hon, I've handled more penises than a hunderd hookers. Maybe a thousand."
I shook my head in disbelief. But then I realized it was probably true.
Missy leaned down to appraise the work. "You gonna need any more towelettes! I've got 'em nice and hot." Missy left briefly and came back holding a stack of hot towelettes.
"Perfect. Just set them there. We're just about done here."
Missy scanned my body up and down. "You got him clean as a whistle Ginny! He looks terrific! He's kind of oozing there though."
"Yes. He is clean as whistle! Beth is going to love it." Ginny grabbed a few hot towels and started wiping off shave cream. My penis still had a bit of shave cream on it, so she wiped down with her fingers wrapped around the shaft. Confirming Missy's observation, a clear rivulet poured out and over her fingers. Missy's eyes bugged out then wiped my opening and head with her finger. "He's gonna need a release, Ginny. I don't think we have the time."
Had I heard correctly? "If you can really do that, can youmakethe time for me? I'm right on the edge." I assumed Missy would watch that too. Or, would she assist? A surge of tingles shot through me.
"Sure Hon, we can do that."
Just then a loud male voice boomed outside the curtain. "We have a patient who needs shaved for the OR, ASAP. You about done in there? We're already running late."
Ginny looked grief stricken. "I'm sorry." Carefully patting my balls dry, she swished underneath and all around. "All done." She hastily pulled the gown front together and tied. Then she raised the blanket, bunching it up at my crotch to hide my arousal. Ginny looked apologetic. "Maybe next time, Joe. I really am sorry."
Missy who had watched the entire drying procedure, pulled the curtain all the way back. "Okay, we're done in here. Next stop the OR for you Joe." She patted my hand and smiled. "I hope it's a success!"
On to open heart surgery with a case of blue balls. Perfect.
~
"Time to wake up sleepy head. Come on now Darlin'. Rise and shine." The honeyed voice sounded familiar. A gentle hand was shaking me awake. Finally, I opened my eyes to see two big brown eyes staring at me. The smiling face was vaguely familiar too.
"What? Where am I?"
"You don't know? Cardio ICU!"
"Oh that's right, my double bypass. How long have I been out?"
I watched the pretty brunette at my left check her smartwatch. "Looks like about 14 hours. They drugged you up real good! You don't recognize me do ya Darlin'?"
"I'm sorry. As good looking as you are, I would surely remember someone like you. Maybe the drugs are fogging my brain. You sure do look familiar."
"I'm Lorie from your barium enema. Beth's friend! From nursing school!"
I blinked hard. "Lorie! Of course! The Tilt-a-Table nurse. How stupid of me! You cut your hair. I like the curls." My mind flashed to all the table tilting she did to get the messy white barium fluid distributed through my innerds.
"I work in cardio now. I made sure to sign on as your post op nurse. I remembered what a hunk you are."
"You did?"
"I sure did. Great to see you again. I remember the good time we had with me running that crazy tilting table."
"Better than any amusement park ride!" I hoped my sarcasm was showing.
Lorie laughed. "I don't know about that. But you were such a good patient. I promised Beth to take extra special care of you. You in any pain? 'Course ya are. I got some killer drugs for that."
I watched her reach for a tray with meds and a water glass. "Here. Take this. It'll get you flyin' high and you won't feel as sore. Next I got stool softener, acid reducer, gas pills, and heparin for clotting. Gee, you sure don't weigh much. Not an ounce of fat on ya. Hope your stools don't get too loose. I'll keep an eye on that."
I took the pills and she put the cup to my lips. "How'd you end up gettin' a double bypass anyway? You're too young for that."
"Young. Yeah right. I wish. Well, like a dumb ass, I went for a calcium score CT scan. I shocked everyone with an over the top score of 2558. My GP doc said he's never seen a score that high. So, here I am. Never had a single symptom."
"Well now that's hard to figure. You bein' all fit and trim. Most guys in here are blubber fat walruses, bald and diabetic. But don't you worry none, Darlin'. I'm a takin' good care of you! She gave my hand a reassuring squeeze.
How did I get so lucky to have Beth's good friend as my post op nurse? I smiled back.
"So, you ready for me to get all up close and personal on ya? We gotta take out your Foley cath so you can pee on your own. You wanna pee on your own, right? 'Course ya do." She moved my gown to the side so I could see the tube running down my leg into a bag of urine. "See what I mean? No hurry on that. Let's let the pain meds kick in better. 'Sides, Amber ain't here yet. She's my nurse in trainin'."
It was slowly dawning on me what was going to happen. I knew about Foley catheters from hearing Beth talk about them. The thought of my wife's friend seeing my privates was just starting to sink in. Lorie was even more gorgeous than I remembered. As I pondered this, a fresh faced adorably cute young blond slid into view, all perky and bouncy.
"Hi Mr. Williams! I'm Amber the nurse trainee. I'll be helpin' Lorie with the catheter removal, since uh, well, I'm the one who put it in you, then I swapped out your front closing gown for a new one that opens in the back. But you were out cold so you don't remember that. Lorie's just gonna supervise me. After that, I'll give you your sponge bath, --assuming you're okay with that."
"A sponge bath, you say." I blinked hard. I felt some serious tingles in my loins. "Uh, since you're going to be seeing a lot of me, why don't you just call me Joe?"
Amber giggled. "Not just a lot, Joe. Ever' blessed thing you got, -- which I already have."
I watched to two women grinning at each other. Mischief was in the air.
"The pain meds kickin' in Darlin'? We want you feelin' good when we do this." Lorie looked at Amber and winked.
Inwardly checking myself I had to admit whatever it was Lorie gave me was having a most pleasant effect. Some sort of opioid, no doubt. The raw soreness on my chest was even down to a dull roar, which was a relief. I grinned at Amber and then Lorie. "I've got quite a buzz on now, so I guess you two can have your way with me." I laughed. They laughed.
"We heard that! Sounds like a big time consent to us! Alrighty then Darlin', let's get that gown up an git down to it. Right Amber?"
Amber took the bottom of the gown and raised it some. "Now don't you worry none, Mr., uh, Joe. I won't be seein' nothing I ain't seen before." And with that she raised the gown above my chest while Lorie pulled the thin blanket down below my knees.
Amber bent down and checked the tubing. "First thing is, we've got to deflate the little balloon inside your bladder so I can slide this Foley outta you."
Lorie nodded approval and fiddled with the drain tube. "Okay. The tube is drained. I'll detach the urine bag and empty it."
Amber looked at me. "Alrighty then. Now Mr. Williams, uh Joe, take a deep breath and hold it. On the count of three I'll side that whole thing out of your penis. She wrapped her fingers around my manhood and stretched it straight out. "Ready? One. Two. Three and....done. How'd that feel?"
I blinked. "Must be the meds at work. I barely felt anything."
Lorie beamed. "You did good Amber. Now what's next?"
"Let's see. I clean the end of his penis and work some neosporin into his opening with my little pinky. Clean hand -- dirty hand, like you taught me. Gloved of course."
Lorrie smiled. "What she means is that she's going to hold your penis in one hand and apply the ointment with the other, careful not to mix them up."
Amber looked at me. "I'll smear some around the head too and the frenulum as well. It looks a little red. See?" She rolled my penis around so I could see the underside. It did look red. How thoughtful. Was this really happening? With her fingers wrapped around the shaft she pulled the foreskin taunt, sliding her hand down to the base, watching it elongate some. "We gotta get those wrinkles out too. Bacteria can hide in them wrinkles, you know."
Lorie nodded approvingly. "Always good to be thorough. Beth is gonna ask me if I was, so, uh, you know." She blushed and then regained her composure.
Amber was now at the sink filling a small basin with warm water. She turned around smiling. "Ready for that sponge bath? We don't want any infections." Amber started dabbing gently at the raw incision where they split my sternum open. Then lower down to where two drainage tubes had been. One tube remained and she dabbed around it. "Well take this remaining drain tube out soon, I promise. That water warm enough? I gotta move lower now. You doin' okay?"
Maybe it was the drugs kicking in, but I was thoroughly enjoying their Kentucky accents. I was doing more than okay. And I was liking their friendly cheery attitude.
She grabbed a fresh cloth and moved my leg up and out. "Gotta get that peri-anal area. Going all "gyno" on ya now. Sorry 'bout that. Now you know how us gals feel." I let my other leg fall open to give her better access which she seemed to appreciated. Amber was indeed seeing "ever blessed thing."
Lorie watched intently. "Be sure and lift his testicles too. Work under there and all the way down into his butt cleft. That's right. Good job Amber."
"I'll wash his testies real good as well. I see he's a likin' this." She gave a Lorie a naughty wink.
"Just like I taught you." Lorie grinned. But they're called testicles Amber. Remember that." Amber blushed, looked up at me and smiled sheepishly at her mistake but kept working. "I just always called 'em balls. Sheesh." It was a whisper but I'm sure Lorie heard it.
I was indeed liking the attention. Was it really happening? It was. I liked it that Amber was not the least bit shy. "This is probably a better job than you working in a cubical some where." I hoped I sounded agreeable.
Amber laughed. "Yeah. I'll say. A lot more interestin'." She stretched my penis out to run the soapy cloth up and down the under side all the way to my sensitive scrotum. I was amazed that I was not quite fully aroused though I was feeling more and more tingles. Amber took a dry cloth and began drying the whole area before putting my leg back down.
And with that Lorie was lifting the blanket back up while Amber lowered my gown. "All in a mornin's work Joe!"
"Thank you Amber. Thank you Lorie. I'll be sure and give Beth a good report." I laughed.
Lorie patted my hand. "I hope that is your last sponge bath. Tomorrow, we'll get you moved into your own private room, complete with toilet and shower."
"And a TV too!" Amber was fairly bubbling over.
"Well, isn't that special?" The thought of being able to shower myself sounded appealing, especially being able to have more privacy. I had no idea that being allowed to shower oneself was against the hospital rules. More intimacy. More nudity. Hospital SOP. Whatever.
Later that afternoon, it got me thinking on when the first time two nurses saw me naked and for an extended period. It was shortly after I had been diagnosed with early stage prostate cancer and my urologist wanted to make sure it had not spread to other areas. One concern was my bladder, so he ordered a trans-urethra ultrasound procedure.
It took place in a very small room. There was the exam table with foot stirrups and this big computer like machine with a large screen. I was walked into the room by the head nurse who instructed me to lay down. She put my feet in the stirrups and parted the front opening gown leaving me basically totally full frontally naked, just like when I got shaved.
Shortly after that another nurse came in to numb my penis with a big needle, then stretch it out so she could run the long wand up into my bladder. She was soon joined by another nurse who operated the computer and monitor. Neither seemed concerned about my total frontal nudity, even though the woman at the monitor kept looking over at me frequently. I too would look down at myself noting how the wand running up inside my penis artificially elongated it. The procedure seemed to last for way too long. When it was finally all over the head nurse came back in and announced I could get up and get dressed.
Numerous other instances ran through my brain but none as explicit as that one, even including getting the full body shave. I knew from Beth that nothing had been unusual from a nurse standpoint -- just from a patient's.
At close to 6:00 p.m., I saw Amber approach the nurses' cardio ICU desk, check in then walk quickly toward me. "Hi Joe! How you doin'? My shift is about to end but I wanted to check in on you. Looks like your gown has some blood spots on it. We can't have that now can we?"
"No, I suppose not, Amber."
"Let me get you a fresh gown." She opened the cabinet above the small sink to fetch one. "You like floral? It's the only pattern we have." She laughed. She walked toward me smiling. I knew what was coming. "Okay, arms straight out now. Not too high. I'll pull that gown off you." A quick tug and once again, I was totally naked again on the bed.
Amber bent forward to look at where the spotting was happening. "Tell you what, let me grab some neosporin and I'll dab a bit on those spots after I clean them with some antiseptic wipes. They're going to ooze for a while. She grabbed a tray from near the sink and opened a packet of wipes. "Good thing I came in to check on you. These needed my attention!
Done cleaning she opened the tube of neosporin and dabbed at the offending spots. "While I'm at it, let me check your penis to see how your opening's doing? It seemed a bit red after I pulled the Foley out. "Oh my, it could use a dab too. You don't mind do ya?"
Before I could answer she had my penis fully in hand inspecting the rest of it with both eyes and fingers. I watched her put a tiny dab on her pinky and push it down into my opening and work it around. She seemed to be taking longer than last time. Was that on purpose? With her thumb and forefinger holding me just below the rim of my penis head, it felt too damn good. Shit.
"There. That's better now, right?" She gave me a sly smile and batted her eyes. Was that on purpose? It felt like it. She looked down at it and back up at me. "You have to be a nurse to do that, you know."
"Or very naughty." I narrowed my eyes to see her reaction.
"Maybe I'm both." I watched her face turn red.
So, just how naughty was she? At that exact moment, I noticed she wasn't wearing any gloves. I decided to say nothing. "I don't think there is any maybe about it. Hey, it's okay. I wouldn't want my Wiley infected or irritated now would I?" I tried to sound agreeable. I looked down to see how much it had swollen and elongated from her handling it. The tingles had not subsided. How many times was she going to handle my manhood? I was still horny from the full body shave. Probably more than I could imagine. Inwardly I sighed. She was really cute. I resigned myself to becoming fully erect again, the next time this happened. I looked her in the eyes and smiled.
The current flew back. There stood an astounded young nurse holding a tray full of meds. "Oh. Oh my. If I'm interrupting something important I can come back later, or I can stay if you need some assistance with that." She nodded at my erection. "I mean he is oozing."
Amber shot up and tossed the floral gown over me. "I was just checking for irritation from the Foley."
The wide eyed nurse smirked. "Of course you were."
Amber turned crimson and hurriedly shoved the floral gown over my outstretched arms. "All done. Looks like some meds are here Joe. I'll see you in the morning,"
The nurse holding the med tray stepped forward. "Hi, I'm Jodi. I am your night nurse on call. I've got your evening meds, including a pain pill, and a sleeping pill.
I gratefully took them, especially the pain pill.
Jodi looked me over. "Amber was a bit too hasty with your gown. Let me fix it." Gently she tucked the top over my shoulders and tied the top string in the back. "There now. All tucked in. She stood there grinning. "Amber is adorably cute isn't she?"
"Yeah, I suppose so."
"I can see she really likes you. Things are looking really good for you Mr. Williams. Medically speaking and, um, otherwise." She chortled. "On the medical front, I think we can remove that last drainage tube in the morning. Then we'll move you to your private room. No more paltry sponge baths then! You'll have your own shower! Lorie and Amber will help you through that, the whole protocol."
My mind was racing. "They''re going to shower me? Both of them?"
"Well, of course silly! Front and back! The whole enchilada -- so to speak. We're all about being super clean around here. And you really lucked out with getting both of them." Now her grin was ear to ear.
Jodi leaned in to whisper in my ear. "Listen, as you discovered, these curtains offer nothing of the privacy that I can see you are going to require. Your private room has a door that locks, if you, uh, get my drift." She winked mischievously, then looked at her watch. "Sorry I can't stay to attend to you. I'd love to stay and chat. But I've got rounds and the floor is going to be super busy tonight. Besides, that sleeping pill will be kicking in any second." Jodi turned, grabbed the curtain and pulled it closed. I listened to her footsteps fade.
"It was nice meeting you Jodi!"
Jodi's words about the hospital being super clean echoed in my brain. I knew that. But was the hospital as fanatical as my clean freak wife Beth? Probably not. Beth had promised to visit me when I got moved to my own room. She was no doubt going to add some of her own rules to the mix. I wondered how that was going to play out.
Morning came and as promised Lorie supervised Amber removing my one remaining drainage tube from my abdomen. Amber then removed my spotted gown, cleaned the offending spots, applied a bit of neosporin and put me in a fresh gown. Was it because Lorie was watching that Amber merely gave my penis a quick inspection and skipped over any further application of neosporin to the opening of my penis? And she was wearing gloves this time. Duly noted and filed.
With a fresh gown on, the two women cheerfully announced my private room was ready and now was almost time to see it. But first they had a present for me. Lorie retrieved a big red heart pillow from the ICU desk. "The is your heart pillow. You must hold this against your chest whenever you want to stand up. We can try it now. She slid my legs around ove the edge of the bed and lifted my torso. "Now with the pillow tightly clutched to your chest bend forward and try to stand. Think you can do that?"
I nodded. I bent forward. I clutched the pillow, but hesitated, not sure of my balance.
Amber moved to my side. "Now lift with your legs. Don't worry I've got you."
"Okay. Here goes!" I grunted but slowly stood up.
Lorie and Amber were dumbfounded. "Most patients can't do that."
"I walk a lot to keep fit." I felt I had accomplished something big. It hadn't even hurt...much.
Amber quickly went out into the hallway and brought in a wheeled walker. Lorie held the back of my gown closed as I slowly stepped outside my ICU room. My private room was just a few doors down and I have to admit it was pretty nice.
I took note of the TV on the wall. On the wall was a large sign: "Call. Don't Fall". This to urge patients not to take themselves to the toilet, but to always use the call button and be escorted by a nurse or CNA. I looked at Amber. "You going to show me the bathroom now?"
"Right. Back your walker up. It's behind that door. You'll like it." She opened the door to a large open room with a toilet next to a call rope. Next to that a sink with space for toiletries. and at the far end a large open shower bay with a bench. Lorie walked over to it and picked up the hand held shower spray. "This is how we're going to hose you down." She laughed. "No, seriously. We have to be careful with the spray and cannot let it your chest directly. It might open the incisions. But we will teach you all that soon enough."
Amber picked up a small container. "We'll use this special antibiotic soap on you -- head to toe front and back, all the way down your butt crack." The women laughed, giving each other knowing looks.
Lorie jumped in. "I will have Amber tape over the two spots where you had catheter drips in you. We don't want those to get wet. When she's down with that, she will walk you into the shower where I will be waiting. I think I'll have her start in scrubbing your upper back and shoulders. I will start by carefully dabbing soap on the incision areas, especially the spots where it has been oozing. After that, I will wash you from the waist down. You will need to watch me carefully as that is how you will wash yourself when you leave here. Of course your little tube connectors will be gone."
My thought turned to the catheter connector still at my groin that entered at my femoral artery. Then I looked at the one on the back of my wrist. I wondered how hard it was going to be to cover those areas. "So you are both really going to bathe me? Sounds like good clean fun!"
Amber seemed pleased. "We're glad you are so comfortable with it. Some patients aren't."
"How could I object to such royal treatment?"
Lorie smiled. "It can be extremely embarrassing for people who are a bit modest. But we have to do it because of the risk of falls and law suits."
"Modesty? Seriously? You girls -- everyone in fact -- have already seen 'ever blessed thing' I got." I hoped my Kentucky accent sounded authentic.
Amber playfully slapped my arm. "Don't you be a mockin' me now. But you're right. We have!" She was grinning ear to ear.
Lorie chimed in. "By the time you leave here, we'll know your body better than you do!"
"I have no doubt that you will." I could feel myself blush, certain that I would become fully erect in front of them. And how would they react to that? The thought came to me that they had both probably seen a lot of that too.
Amber squealed. "Look! He's turnin' red as a beet!"
As if on cue, I head a familiar voice. "Ah, there's my favorite patient!" It was my wife, Beth, in her blue scrubs. She put her arm around me and kissed me on the cheek. "Joe behavin' himself?"
Amber laughed. "I'm findin' out how ornery he is."
Lorie chimed in. "He's that all right. So good to see you Beth. Been too long! I think about our crazy times together in nursing school."
"Yeah, we certainly were the black sheep of the class, always in trouble."
"But we were the smartest too and knew how to cover our cute asses."
Amber stood there wide eyed taking this in. "You two gonna teach me all your tricks?"
Lorie brightened up. "I've already taught her a lot. But I've still got a lot of things to show her."
"I'll bet you do. Say listen, I can't stay I'm supposed to be on call. You two have heard about the mrsa outbreak, right? Spreadin' like wildfire around here, so I want you to be extra extra careful, okay?"
Both Amber and Lorie looked concerned.
"Change his gown as often as you can. See a blood spot? Change it. Did he get a pee spot on it? Change it. He takes a dump and you wipe his butt, change it. Take his gown off before he pees, if that's easier. She turned to me to examine my front. "See. Right there. A blood spot. Off with it Joe."
"Well, we were getting ready to bathe him." Lorie reached out and pulled the gown off my shoulders and let it drop to the floor.
"You don't mind being naked with two gorgeous babes, now do you?"
"Uh, well no. I looked at my wife. That's three gorgeous babes, actually.
Beth looked at my chest. "Lookin' pretty raw right now. He's gonna need a lot of gowns!"
"Don't worry Beth, we'll change them all the time."
She looked right at Amber. "So, you both gonna bathe him?"
"Yes, I need to teach Amber the whole washing procedure."
"Good. He had BM yet?"
What was with her sly smile?
"No, not yet."
I frowned. "I've just had some farts. No poops."
Amber looked at Lorie. "Possible impaction?"
Lorie nodded, seemingly concerned. "Most likely."
Beth touched Amber's shoulder and leaned in to whisper. "I assume you know the protocol for that."
"Of course!"
"Good. Use it!" Now Beth was wearing a shit eatin' grin. No pun intended.
I looked at the three women's faces. Protocol? What protocol? They were grinning at each other. "Excuse me. What protocol is that?"
"You'll find out soon enough." Amber had a mischievous smirk on her face.
The women continued smiling. Something was up.
Beth backed up a step. "Looks like you're in very good hands here Joe. Enjoy your shower. Say, maybe you could give him one of those super pain meds first, to make it more, um, enjoyable."
Amber looked ecstatic. "Great idea! I know! Let's all take one!"
Beth blinked hard then laughed. "She's a kindred spirit! I like her! Hey, I have to run. Don't do anything I wouldn't do!"
Lorie and Amber broke up laughing. "A shower to remember and with the wife's permission!" They both looked at my penis then at Beth. How naughty were these women going to get?"
"Ta ta! I'll be back tomorrow to see how it went." She gave them a naughty wink and left.
Lorie followed. "I'll get us those meds. This is gonna be fun!"
"You gonna get me a clean gown too? Hey! I don't wanna be naked ALL the time!"
Lorie turned around. "Yeah, a clean gown too, but all the time would be much better."
I looked at Amber. "But I think you like me being naked. Don't you? Admit it!" I was starting to imagine what this 'fun' shower my naughty wife approved of, and what it was going to be like. Just how much fun did they have in mind?
"I'd be lying if said I didn't like lookin' at your bod. Even with your raw sutures. You're pretty fit. From the they way it's swelling up, I'd say your penis likes me looking at it.."
I looked down. It had started to inflate. Damn. "Say, what am I going to be expected to do with you girls? I mean, I just had major surgery!"
"Now not to worry. We'll do everything. You just get to enjoy."
I heard quick footsteps. Lorie appeared at the bathroom door holding three large pills in one hand, a cup in the other and a gown under her arm. She looked at my crotch. "Already eagerly anticipating! That's what we like to see! Right Amber?"
"Right you are Lorie!"
Lorie popped a pill, took a swig and then handed us ours. Amber and I downed our pills and Lorie set my gown on the laundry hamper. "I need to lock that door now. We don't want anyone walking in on us."
"Good idea. And I need to pee before we start." Amber took a step to the toilet and lowered her scrubs to her ankles. "Bet you never saw a nurse pee in front of you before."
It was starting to dawn on me this was going to be much more than a medical shower. "So, are you girls going to get naked too?"
As if in answer, Amber pushed her scrubs and panties off of her ankles and kicked them aside. "That's the plan Joe!" I watched her yellow tinkle stream slow down and then as she reached to pull a sheet of TP off the roll to dab with, her legs spread wide for my view.
Raising her head, she checked to see if I was looking. I was! She was totally shaved and her lips looked seriously parted and wet. Standing up she turned toward me pulling her top up over her head. I was surprised to see she was braless. "So, what do you think Joe? Is this a hot body or what?" She ran her hand up her open slit for emphasis. My heart was pounding. Is this what my wife had consented to? Is this what I was consenting to?
I stepped toward Amber. "Don't flush it. I have to pee too." Amber moved to the side eyes wide.
Standing at the toilet, I cut loose.
Amber's eyes were riveted on it. "That's a pretty healthy stream Joe."
Lorie suddenly appeared by Amber's side to watch me. "It is! And you really had to go!" She was totally naked too, playing with her closely trimmed triangle of fuzz. I was getting harder with them watching me. Peeing while fairly erect was a first for me.
"That's one hell of a boner Joe! Can I shake the drops off?" Before I could answer, Lorie's hand reached out to shake it. "Look at the head on that thing." She ran her thumb around the rim, sending waves of pleasure.
Amber leaned in. "He is truly hung."
Now Lorie leaned over to more closely examine me. Her breasts were larger and more pendant than Amber's with dark pointy nipples that stuck out. I watched her put her foot on the toilet seat, giving me a view. My eyes went to a red spot at the top of her cleft. Was that her clit? It was! Geezus!
Amber leaned in too. "It's a lot bigger now than I imagined it would get." She wrapped her fingers around it and gave it a stroke. At that moment I felt the meds kick in and felt a rush that was more than just sexual.
"I feel a bit dizzy. I need to sit down." Amber rushed over and put her arms around my torso, her body now against mine.
"To the shower chair Joe." I felt her swing me around and walk me to the chair. "You just sit there while I get the plastic sheets and the tape to cover the catheter couplings."
My head was spinning and in spite of watching Amber move around naked, I was starting to deflate some. In a flash Amber was back to tape. "Don't worry about getting soft. The first part of the shower is learning what to do. We'll get you stiffened up later." She knelt down to apply a plastic patch on my inner thigh while Lorie applied a plastic patch to my wrist. Amber's hot breath on my crotch was getting me aroused again.
"I hope us being naked won't interfere with your lesson. If you forget this, Beth knows all about it, so no biggie." Amber turned on the hand held spray and turned it to the wall. She explained I was not to put the stream directly on me. She picked up a white wash cloth and soaped it up, then gently started dabbing my sutures. "Always dab. Never wipe. A fresh cloth for each spot."
The next thing I remember was Amber suggestively soaping her slit up in front of me, well masturbating actually. Then Lorie joined her. Then it was them doing each other, now panting and moaning. Amber's thumb was rolling around on Lorie's clit, now seriously engorged. The two of them were putting on quite a show, getting themselves off. Lorie moved her soapy body toward me. "We'll wash the rest of you now. I'll do your legs. Amber will wash your back and butt. Don't you stroke it. We'll do that."
I was dizzy with pleasure. I heard Amber tell me to stand up as I felt Lorie's arms around me to lift. Amber told me to put my leg up on the bench and I felt Lorie assist. Amber put her mouth next to my ear. "I'm a gonna wash all the way down into your butt crack now." I felt her hand slide between my cheeks, between my legs and then the back of my balls, then caressing them. It was heavenly and I was fully erect from Lorie washing the inside of my thighs.
Amber put her mouth against my face, kissing me and whispering. "I need to do the impaction check now. Don't tense up." With that, I felt her finger slide into my butt hole and Lorie's fingers slide down my shaft making my penis head swell even more. Delirious with pleasure I heard Lorie say she needed to slide my foreskin really taunt now. Amber's finger continued making circles around the inside of my anus. I started panting. The sensations went on and on.
"This is too much. I don't think I can...." My knees were going weak.
Amber's mouth was on my whole ear breathing hard. "Cum for us Joe. Shoot your stuff." At that moment I felt Lorie's warm mouth on the tip of my penis, sucking while she stroked it hard and fast.
"Oh god. Oh shit I... I'm cum..."
"That's a good boy. Spray Lorie's face. Get her tits too. That's it."
I felt Lorie's hand stop stroking and looked down. Rivulets were all over her nose and cheeks and lips. I felt so dizzy I wondered if I was going to pass out. I put my arm out for Lorie's shoulder.
"Don't worry I got you. Catch your breath Joe. Take your time." I watched Lorie take the hand held and spray her breasts, then my crotch. "You sure did cum lot."
"It had been a while. But I always do."
"Lorie, I need to taste his man juice. Kiss me so I can."
Lorie stood up and put her mouth on Amber's. The two women's mouths open, tongues searching. "Tastes just like I thought it would. Spray my fuck finger now."
"Never had my ass finger fucked before. That was amazing."
"Not finger fucked Joe. Impaction check." Amber and Lorie started laughing between kisses.
Lorie was grinning. "The things we learn at nursing school that ain't in any textbook."