Story design: NUDE DAY 2019
A feminist french college professor decides it's time for women to stand up against body shaming
An alarm angrily attacked my senses to stir me from my deep slumber. I smashed the thing to pieces and looked at my phone. Snap, it's fathers day. My father is a hypocritical fool. He always told me, "Bella, dress conservatively and act like a proper lady. Marry into a rich family. A women shouldn't be educated and should clean around the house and give birth to children."
He was a fool. It was because of men like him that I decided to become a professor teaching woman equality in a prestigious college in America. Far from home, away from that despicable man and the city lights of Paris. No wonder mother left him. I wonder if mother was as powerful as I am.
I normally don't even think of my father but today is Father's day. He's mad that I didn't fly out to Paris to visit him. Sorry dad, I have a class to teach. It's 7:30 in the morning. I am a powerful woman and I dress how I want. I take a shower and shave. I wrap myself in a white towel and look at myself in the mirror.
My father says I look just like my mother but my father is also a liar. I have pale skin, freckles splashed across my face, and my green eyes have massive bags under them from being up late. I took off my towel and attempted to toss it in the basket across the bathroom. I completely missed. Oh well. I looked back into the mirror and whipped out my eye-liner and massacre to make my eyes stand out more. I gave them a quick bat when I'm finished to check the effect. Yes, this will do.
I put on my favorite black leggings,
They are professional, but still sexy like lingerie. I strapped on a simple dark blue dress that stopped just above my knee caps. It came down pretty low, if I bent over it'd give you a juicy view. My breasts also aren't small but they aren't huge. Goldilocks would say they're just right. I put on a little black choker. It was more provocative, especially being in the position I'm in, but A girl is allowed a little fun right? Don't be like my dad and try to tell me what to wear! This is my story. Okay, anyways.
I usually kept my long, red hair down most of the time. I have a small upside down cross tattoo behind my ear that I do not want my colleagues or the students to see. My father always wanted me to be a christian girl. Little does he know that I'm actually a nymphomaniac. I love sex. I have an uncontrollable desire to always have it. Never with my students of course. But, I do tease them a lot.
Okay, so the school I teach at is a super prestigious school out in Kansas. Not a lot of people go there but its like very famous. They said I'm their best professor and the students love my lessons. I teach them about women rights, why you should love women and why women are powerful!
They're always very interested in my teaching. I'm very passionate about my job. I even like to jump on the desk and wave my ruler around at them even though I wear dresses without panties and I know if they look they can see but sometimes, I just get in the heat of the moment. Sorry daddy! And besides, how come men can wear whatever they like and walk around with their shirts off all the time but women can't?
And that brings me to todays lesson. I will be the first college professor to teach her class nude. Now, I checked in with the art professor about the legality of the lesson since he brings in nude participants like all the time for his art class and He told me as long as all of my students are above the age of 18, it's fine. He will even be their to walk me through it. I'm in luck! All of my students are young adults over the age of 18. Most of them men, a few are women. It's the women especially that I hope this lesson will resonate with.
The class should already be at their seats awaiting my arrival. I parked in my normal parking spot and checked myself in the car mirror. Oh, I almost forgot my glasses. I put on my red rimmed glasses even though they clashed with my blue dress and black heels. I'm a powerful woman, I wear what I want. I got out my car and walked into the university. My heels echoed against the floor as I made my way into the class room. Before I made it though, the art professor that teaches next to me stops me and wishes me luck on my next lesson, he's sure it'll be a success. Unfortunately, he won't be able to make but he did set up a camera to record the lesson for the entire world to learn from. I told him thank you and walked into my classroom.
I am blasted by chatter as I walk into the room and it doesn't stop even after I walk in and make my way to the desk. It is a large classroom with my blackboard and desk being the center of it all. I cleared my throat. Nothing. I cleared my throat a little louder this time. Still, nobody cared. This time, I slowly began to take off my heels in front of everybody. This started to garner some attention as my dress climbed up my thigh and I slipped them off to reveal my feet wrapped in the black leggings. The class began to quiet down and whispered as they watch me slip off my other heel. I grabbed my heels and suddenly, chucked them against the wall.
That caused a reaction, people began to instantly chatter and mass confusion in sued. There I was in my glasses, dress, choker, and leggings. My heels on the floor across the classroom and Everybody was confused about what happened so I climbed up on the desk and yelled, "Why do women wear high heels?"
Silence, no response, I continued, "Because men want us to dress sexy for them! We don't need heels to be sexy. We don't need make-up, or clothes, or anything. Men should like us for who we are and not the way we dress. We shouldn't have to dress conservatively to avoid being raped, We shouldn't have to dress slutty to find a mate. We should be able to wear whatever the fuck we want, when we want! Who agrees with me?"
I got a few cheers but nobody in the crowd really backed me up. Some of them were looking at me like I were crazy. This pissed me off. I decided to really get them involved. I got off the desk and looked at the chalk board. I grabbed the chalk and wrote in huge letters, "I AM A WOMAN"
I turned back to the class. I definitely had every bodies attention from the stunt I pulled earlier but I don't think I quite had every bodies support. I climbed back onto my desk and asked the class, "What does that say?"
A few people muttered back, "I am a woman?" but they sounded unsure or bored.
I repeated louder, "What does that say?"
A few more people got involved and said, "I am a woman."
This really pissed me off. I needed everybody involved so I decided to turn things up a notch.
"We don't need clothes to define a womans' credibility. If a man can walk shirtless, why can't we?"
I said as I began to take off my dress. Some of the guys began to hoot and holler, others stared wide-eyed as I started to wiggle out of my dress and leggings. Most just sat bewildered as their professor was stripped fully naked. I stood back on the desk with my chin held high and my hands on my hips so that the entire class can take in all of my glory. I left the choker on for maximum effect.
I yelled at them with pride and honor, "I am a woman."
And one of the students yelled back "yes you are"
as him and a group of his friends began to pull out their cell phones and snap pictures of me. Some nerdy kid ran from the classroom. A few of the girls were shifting around uncomfortably. Others were just downright confused about what was happening.
While all of this was going on. I stood on my desk, starkly nude for all to see. I made a few twirls but before things went too far, I guess that nerdy kid went and told the Principal of the school and two security guards came into my classroom.
They kindly asked me to get off of the desk and put my clothes back on. They will be escorting me out of the building. I did not resist them however I also didn't put my clothes back on. I just bundled them up and let them escort me out naked as the entire student body and some of the staff members kept pictures of me on the way out. The next day I was fired and lost my job but I still do not regret my actions because those students learned what a real woman was. I received emails from anonymous people online for many years after this saying they came to these pictures and said I was very courageous and beautiful. I only hoped one day my father will realize just how powerful his daughter really is.