This story takes place on a parallel world where registered nudity and indentured slavery are legal under a government known as "The State". A young woman is blackmailed and slowly coerced into a life she never expected.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include cmnf, cfnf, enf, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, blackmail, public nudity and public sex.
*****
Casey and Greg were drinking coffee at the dining table the next morning when they were surprised by Jolene's bedroom door opening, and Cassandra, still naked, emerged holding Jolene's hand. Casey had noticed Cassandra's car still parked out front when she and Greg got back from the restaurant the previous night, and just assumed she'd had too much to drink and had taken an Uber home.
As soon as Cassandra spotted the couple, she released Jolene's hand and made straight for the coffee. Casey and Greg watched with interest as Jolene, dressed in her flowing nightgown, then came up behind Cassandra, put her arms around her and kissed her on the neck. Cassandra smiled and made no attempt to resist.
"Um... you two have something you want to share?" Casey asked, bemused.
"Yeah, apparently I'm gay as fuck," Cassandra replied, smiling sheepishly.
"I had no idea, Cassandra," Casey commented in surprise.
"You and me both," Cassandra admitted. "Your sister here changed my mind about that I guess."
"Jolene?" Casey asked her sister expectantly.
Jolene just smiled and shrugged.
Casey suggested breakfast and they unanimously agreed on bacon and eggs. As she set about cooking, she looked back at the three people happily chatting with each other around the table and realised that now that Cassandra was going to be a fairly permanent addition to the house, and things were getting serious with Greg, she was possibly looking at her new family. Sure, they were an unorthodox bunch with two naked girls, one clothed girl and one burly footballer, but they could be a family, nonetheless. Funny how life led you to unexpected places. Was it only a month ago she was a shy teenager who hid behind baggy clothes and had never had a real boyfriend? Now she was a full-time nudist, Indent to her sister and rising porn star. She could never have imagined in a million years she could be here right now.
Did she have any regrets? No, none, she suddenly realised. Sure, it was a total mind-fuck for a while there, and it would have been nice to have had a choice about it all, but if she could go back in time, knowing what she knew now, she wouldn't change a thing. The problem was that girl a month ago didn't have the experiences she now had and couldn't have made such a choice without it. She probably would have married some boring guy and led a boring life, never knowing any better. She would never have experienced the outrageous animal orgasms she got when performing in front of people. She would possibly never have learned that her protruding labia were perfectly normal and would never have been freed from the shame of it. Or had freed Cassandra and that girl Karen at Tech from the same insecurity. Cassandra wouldn't be sitting here naked right now or would have even met Jolene. Both women had apparently learned something new about their sexualities, and who knew where that would lead? Hell, Casey would never have even met Greg if it hadn't been for the path Jolene had set her on. Him catching her taking her underpants off in class to perform an upskirt had led to their first date, and the "nude weekend" had solidified their relationship. Without those events, he may never have even noticed her.
She served everyone breakfast and smiled happily to herself.
"Whatcha smiling about?" Greg asked.
"Oh, nothing in particular. Just happy," she replied.
Greg pulled her close and gave her a hug.
"So, when you all usually get on the webcam?" Cassandra asked, interrupting the moment.
"Are you champing at the bit already, Cass?" Casey laughed.
"Damn straight," Cassandra replied decisively.
"So, what do you do on the webcam that makes you girls so keen?" Greg asked. "It doesn't seem to be just about the money, and I'm not sure I get the attraction. Sure, I've seen the Lush in action but it's just a vibrator, right?"
"The Lush is so much more than just a vibrator, Greg," Casey responded. "You've seen how it vibrates in response to certain sounds, right? And you know that means people watching me on the cam from anywhere in the world can give me pleasure by making one of those sounds happen on my computer. That means they control it, and I receive pleasure without knowing when it's coming. Both parties are engaged so it takes it beyond just a show. Um… Maybe it's one thing to see it, but another to be on the giving or receiving end? Maybe if I give you the controls? Wait here a sec'."
Casey went to her room and came back carrying her laptop with the Lush's pink antenna visible between her legs.
"Here, click this," she instructed as she handed the laptop to Greg and pointed to the icon on the screen. Then she took a step back.
Ding.
Casey shuddered and put her hand on Greg's shoulder for support.
"Oh my…" Greg responded.
"Do it again. Time it so I don't know when it's coming," Casey suggested.
Ding… Ding.
Casey moaned and gripped his shoulder tighter.
"Make me cum, Greg," she commanded.
Ding…… Ding… Ding.
After a few more rounds, Casey's legs and breasts were shaking as she had an orgasm right there at the breakfast table in front of everyone.
"Ok, I totally get it. That's hot as fuck!" Greg exclaimed once Casey had recovered. "But is that all you do? Surely that'd get a bit boring after a while. Do the same people show up day after day just for that?"
"Some totally would, yes. Most of my viewers are regulars," Casey replied truthfully. "But I like to add a little extra to get people warmed up."
"Like what?" Greg asked.
"Well, I might play with myself a bit. Maybe use some dildos. I've been working on my pussy stretching lately. Guys totally love that, and it's pretty exciting for me too," Casey replied.
"Pussy stretching? WTF is that?" Greg asked, his eyes lighting up in excitement.
"Um... ok. It's basically putting large objects into my vag," Casey explained. "It takes a bit of practice to get really big stuff in there, but the vagina is quite elastic, so it doesn't get damaged if you build up to it, and it returns to its normal shape afterwards."
"Like what kind of objects?" he asked.
"At the moment my goal is a baseball bat."
"A baseball bat? You're shitting me, right?" Greg replied, quite shocked. "How would that ever fit? No offence, but you've only got a tiny little body. I can't see something like a baseball bat going into you, or any other woman really for that matter."
"Actually, I'm getting really close, and plenty of other women have done it. Do you want to see?"
"Um... well I don't want you to hurt yourself, but if you think it's safe, sure."
Casey laid a towel out on the living room floor before fetching her baseball bat and a bottle of baby oil. She sat down on the towel and started spreading the oil over her body and genitals.
"Ok, first I'm going to get everything relaxed using my fingers," Casey began.
She looked up and saw all eyes in the room were on her. Jolene and Cassandra were both smiling. Greg seemed a little concerned still, so she gave him a reassuring smile. Then she started working several of her fingers into her vagina, progressing bit by bit until she had her whole hand inside. Then she rotated her hand and expanded her fingers, loosening and relaxing her muscles while trying to resist having an orgasm until she achieved what she had set out to do.
"Holy fuck!" Greg whispered while leaning forward with mounting interest.
"Ok, I think I'm ready," Casey announced, and then stood up and grabbed the baseball bat. She placed the handle of the bat on the floor and positioned herself above the barrel.
Just think relaxing thoughts now, Casey.
Pushing it against her entrance, she used her spare hand to spread her labia around it to guide it into position. As she started putting her weight against it, to her great surprise she felt it slide in almost effortlessly. Her knees bent as her vagina accepted a surprising amount of its length.
"Oh my God, I did it!" she squealed excitedly. "Someone get a camera, quick!"
Jolene grabbed her phone and took several shots, including a couple of close-ups, as Casey posed with her legs wide apart.
"Oh God, I'm gonna cum!" Casey realised suddenly.
Greg quickly got up and held her while kissing her cheek as she shook with orgasm with the massive object inside her. It was a good decision as it turned out. Her legs gave out as she came, and he was able to support her weight in his arms. As Casey's orgasm finally finished, he wrapped his arm around her waist and lifted her up off the ground. Then with his other hand, he pulled the bat out of her and then set both gently down while continuing to hold her for support.
Casey opened her eyes to see Jolene beaming and holding her palm up for a high five. Casey grinned proudly and gave it, then Cassandra stepped up for one as well.
"We gonna need another baseball bat 'round here," Cassandra announced with her eyes shining.
Casey went to the bathroom to wash up and then re-joined everyone at the breakfast table. Her thoughts were elsewhere now, though. She had finally got the bat in, but more to the point she had chosen to do it in front of people and hadn't felt any shame at all in doing so. She recalled not fully understanding her behaviour when she watched herself in her bedroom mirror as she stretched out her labia with weights and masturbated until she came. She now understood it was all about seeing herself as she really was now, accepting it, and accepting that people liked looking at her. That was nothing to be ashamed of. It was in fact totally human and something worth celebrating. In her own small way, she now knew she was making a difference, while at the same time bringing a little bit of joy to the world. She was freeing herself and other women from their insecurities and inhibitions, and that was empowering. At the same time, she was giving men a bit of a thrill and taking their money, which they happily gave for the privilege.
She glanced at the registered nudist tattoo on her wrist and looked down at her naked body as she sat with her sister and Greg, and Cassandra who she'd always thought of as a frenemy sitting there naked as well because she wanted to be just like her. It was a crazy world.
Tears of happiness started to well up in her eyes as she thought about the life she had now. She now had a relationship with her sister and a new love with Greg. And the life! She could never have even dreamt her life could be like this, and ironically none of it could have happened without Jolene, whom she now realised she loved in a strange way. True, she was a sociopath, and the way she had cornered her into this life would never be forgotten. Still, Casey could never have made the decision to register as a nudist or become a porn star on her own, so in a weird way she had to thank her for it. Sure, being naked in front of everyone all the time and showing her vagina on camera definitely took some getting used to, and she still couldn't say she was completely there yet, but at the same time she couldn't help but regard it as a blessing in disguise. It was freeing. No secrets, no hang-ups about embarrassing body parts, everything out there for people to see. "Here I am, warts and all. Take it or leave it. If you have a problem with that, that's your problem not mine." It had also opened her mind and created thrills and experiences she could never have imagined. Fuck being ordinary! She had been given the opportunity to be something else, and it was amazing. She was someone new now. She was Casey Reine, registered nudist and porn star, and she had her beautiful and fucked up sister to thank for it.
"Jolene?" she began as a tear of happiness rolled down her cheek. "I know I said I'd never forgive you, but I do now."
"I know," Jolene replied, and the sisters hugged.
The end.
Next time: Will Casey ever get out of this? Does she even want to anymore? Will her parents and friends ever learn the truth? Will the truth catch up to Jolene? What will happen between Cassandra and Jolene? Will Greg stick it out? Will Amelia join in on the fun? All this and more to come…