Last week was Josh's birthday, but last month was our three-month anniversary. We celebrated by checking into a nice hotel. The spa area had a Jacuzzi, which gave me an excuse to wear a bikini one last time. (The pool in the apartment complex is closed until spring.) I had hoped I could tease Josh by having my bikini "accidentally" come off a piece at a time, but two other guys joined us. A young, medium-skinned black guy introduced himself as Malcolm and his friend, a taller white guy, as Arnie. I thought I'd have to drop my plans; instead, I just had to adjust them. I turned my back to Josh and asked him to rub my shoulders. As if he had read my mind, he pulled the strap down. I cooed, not entirely faking it, and then moved back. "Damn, the jets are blowing on the strings of the bottom," I said. I stood up and pulled the piece back and forth. Both guys were looking to see if they could get a glance of my pussy, and Arnie might have been able to see some pubic hair from where he sat. I sat down on Josh's lap. He kissed me on my neck, and I ground my butt back and forth on his thighs. I could feel Josh start to get hard, and one of the guys was rubbing himself.
I turned around and sat on Josh's lap again. He leaned in and whispered, "Now they're both getting hard."
"You don't say," I giggled. I rubbed back and forth some more, and this time I could feel Josh's cock rubbing underneath my pussy. He pulled me close and put his hand on the back of my head. I leaned down and we shared a long kiss. I whispered, "Act like you're going to untie my top." Then I said in a normal voice, "Rub my back again, lover!"
Josh put ran his hands up and down my back. He made sure to let his left hand linger over a string and said, "Oops! I'm pulling on the string!" He brought the right hand down and added, "Oops, I'm pulling on the other string!"
My plan was backfiring. His right hand really was pulling on the loop where I'd tied it! I gave him a look that said, "Don't you dare!"
"Sorry," he said, but when he pulled his hands away, he accidentally pulled on the other side and it came undone. The next thing I knew, I couldn't feel either string on my back, and I realized the guys had each pulled one off. What the hell, I thought. I raised my arms, and they pulled the top forward. Everyone could see my tits! I leaned back and Josh started sucking on the right tit. Malcolm rubbed the left one while Arnie voiced his approval. Josh picked me up and carried me to the floor mat nearby. He kissed his way down my chest and beyond. His chin was pushing the top of my bikini bottom down while he kissed the lowest part of my stomach. I could feel a little stubble on my pussy which let me know that his chin was blocking any view that Malcolm and Arnie might have hoped for.
I looked to the side, and they had their cocks out, stroking them openly. I felt a sigh of relief that they were satisfied with that. I said to Josh, "Tell me what you want."
"To get back to our room in a hurry," he said.
"Let's hold off a little bit," I whispered. "Play with me a little more."
Josh obliged. He raised his chin, and the bikini bottom came back up. He kissed my pussy through the fabric. "I don't know how much more I can wait," he pleaded. He started to pull the fabric to the side. Normally, I love when he goes down on me, but I was afraid someone else would join us, and I didn't want to end up in jail.
I pushed his hand away and told him, "Sit up." Both guys came over and shot their wad on my tits. I turned to them and said, "Show's over, guys." Then I turned to Josh and said, "I'm all yours." He picked up my top where Arnie had laid it. I put it back on and we hurried back to our room.
No sooner had I locked the door behind us than Josh was naked. As soon as I walked up to him, he turned me around. "I wanted to do this myself," he said, and he pulled the strings on my top. He reached around and cupped my tits. He pulled his hands back when he realized Arnie and Malcolm's cum was still on them.
"You had your chance," I told him. "Should we clean off in the shower?"
"I don't wanna wait that long," Josh answered.
"Neither do," I admitted. "I'll make this quick but enjoyable." I went into the bathroom and came back with a towel. I made a show of wiping my tits clean, but then I held it up and breathed in the scent of their cum. There wasn't really much of a scent, but my act got Josh even more ready.
"I wanted to do this, too," he said, and he pulled the strings on the bottom half of my swimsuit. As excited as I knew he was, I was amazed that he managed to pull them evenly. It hadn't even fallen to the ground before his hand was over my pussy. I got on and off my toes so he'd graze my center with his middle finger. Better than that, he got it inside me. As soon as I was on my feet, he added his index finger and started to finger-fuck me furiously.
"I want you," I panted.
"I wasn't sure if you wanted me or them," Josh said, almost sounding angry.
"Always you," I assured him. I ground my hips back and felt his cock between my legs.
"You know what I really want, don't you?"
"I want it too," I told him. I broke away and jumped onto the bed. I separated my legs and waited. I didn't have to wait long. Josh was balls deep before I could tell him to fuck my brains out.
"I love you," Josh panted. "I love you so much. You said you're all mine, and that's how I want it."
"I just wanted to get you turned on," I told him.
"You always turn me on," he said. He managed to say all this while pounding my pussy harder than anyone had before. "You make me smile every time you enter the room."
"I love you too," I said between pants.
"I wanna fill you up," he said.
I'd never had a cock feel so wide at the opening to my cunt. "You are," I assured him.
"I mean with cum," he corrected me.
"Do it!" I moaned.
"You mean you want it too?"
"Even more!"
He put his hands on my hips and shot a huge load. I didn't have an orgasm, but I was overcome with emotion when I felt it. "God, yes!" he shouted. "It feels so great!"
"Same here, baby!" I told him.
After he finished coming, he stood motionless and rolled off me. I caught my breath. "Didn't work," he said.
"What do you mean?" I asked. "The hotel room was a great idea."
"Yeah, it made it exciting, but that's not what I meant."
"What, then?"
Josh explained, "I read up on that relaxation exercise you told me about. I tried to make myself forget that you're on the Pill just like you did, 'cause I wanted to feel like we might make a baby."
"Is that what you meant about wanting it too?"
"Yeah," he said. "Problem is, the exercise didn't work for me. That was one of the best fucks I've ever had, but not because of what I was trying to do. Plus, I got-well, worse than jealous. I guess groups aren't my thing. I know you like 'em, 'cause you've written about it, but it's not for me."
I put my hand on his chest. "If you're not comfortable, that's the last time anyone else will see either of us naked again." He kissed me, and I felt his stubble on my chin. "You know, that felt kind of sexy when you were down there," I told him.
Josh laughed. "Which time?"
"The last thing you did at the Jacuzzi. Your chin was pushing-" I demonstrated what had happened and then put my hand on his chin. "I could feel you over my pussy, and it was exciting."
"Then it's time to finish what I started!" he said. I rolled onto my back again and spread my legs.
Josh separated my pussy lips and licked a circle around the inner edge. He closed his mouth around me and I could feel his chin rubbing the lowest part. He deliberately moved up and down inside me, and the whiskers grated against my thighs. It's irritating when I haven't and I can feel it, but with him, it was a strange kind of turn-on. Then he moved to the higher part of my pussy. As he ran his tongue back and forth, I could feel his unshaved lip doing to my clit what his chin had just done to my inner thighs. "Shit! Yes! Yes!" I squealed.
"You love it, don't you?" Josh asked.
I pushed his head back down. "You own me, okay? Now, shut up and eat me!" He obliged. Usually he probes to find my sensitive spots, but he knew how badly I wanted it, and instead he just made loud slurping noises as he licked my folds. I held my arms down flat, as if I was afraid that I'd fall off the bed from how hard he was making me come. "Oh, honey! Honey!" Josh looked up smugly. "Yeah, you're that good. Fuck me again, please!"
Josh waited until I'd finished coming. He guided me onto all fours. I could feel his cock between my thighs, and then he said, "You know, once you're too big for missionary, I might just hit the wrong target."
I looked back at him and pulled my butt cheeks apart. "The only wrong target is someone else," I insisted.
Josh smiled. "God, I'm lucky." He rubbed his hands over my drenched pussy and then rubbed my cum over my asshole. He moved in slowly.
"Oh, Josh," I whispered. "You're the only guy I've met who can make anal feel like lovemaking."
By this time he was well up my ass. "I'd do anything for you, Cindy," he said.
"Me too," I said. He had a steady rhythm, and soon I felt him coming hard.
We made love deep into the night and barely got dressed in time to check out.
As I said, that was last month. Last Friday I went with Josh to celebrate his birthday with his family. Everyone was friendly, even his mom, and I loved seeing Josh play with his niece and nephew. I knew what I was going to give him later, but for the party I bought him a new parka, since he had mentioned the upcoming ski season.
At one point, his dad and I were the only ones in the room. "Josh never had a chance, did he?"
"What do you mean?" I asked. "I'd had my eyes on him for a long time before I actually spoke to him."
"No, I meant the opposite. There was no way he wasn't going to fall for a girl with your charms."
I hoped this wasn't going where I feared. "What charms would those be?" I asked.
"Well, you've got a nice figure, of course, but that's not what I meant. You've got a sunny disposition, the cutest cheeks, and your eyes."
I was afraid of this. "What about my eyes?"
"They're as cute as your cheeks. I don't know why-Oh, now I get it," he said. "Are you worried that he's into you because you're Oriental? Sorry, I know it's 'Asian' now, but that includes India and Pakistan. Or do you think I think that way? No, that's not true. Women from different cultures have their own uniquely appealing traits. I'm not blind to it, and neither is Josh. But as far as I know, he doesn't have a 'thing' for any one ethnicity, and I didn't mean it that way for myself either."
"Good, 'cause I'm lousy at math," I said. His dad laughed, and we didn't discuss it again.
Josh didn't make it back to his own apartment that night. I told him I had another present for him at my place. Maybe being around family suppressed his usual desire, but he didn't immediately try to undress me or himself. We had a long, lingering kiss while I ran my fingertips up and down his back. Once I could feel him getting hard, I led him to my bedroom. He was at the foot of the bed and I told him, "Stand there." I unzipped his pants. He unbuckled his belt, and his pants fell to the floor. I fished his dick out through his fly and started stroking it. Once it was hard enough, I leaned down and took the head in my mouth. I went down slowly, looking up at him. My expression is the one he knows means that I'll do whatever he asks. His expression told me to keep doing what I was doing. I took him slowly into my mouth until I could see his balls on either side. I let him out just enough that I could comfortably tickle them. He moved his hips back and forth slowly. I opened my mouth enough that I could feel him almost at my throat but I could still breathe. I closed my lips around him and started going back and forth. He moved his hips faster. Finally, I sat still and let him fuck my mouth freely. When I could tell he was ready to come, I pulled back but closed my lips firmly. I could taste his cum as it flowed over my tongue. I made a show of swallowing some, but I pulled him onto the bed, on his back, climbed over him and kissed him.
"I thought you were gonna give me a money shot," Josh joked.
"Where'd you think I was gonna let you come?" I asked.
"I don't know. Your chin, maybe your blouse. It would give you an excuse to take it off."
"Maybe if I'd had a T-shirt on. I don't wanna have to pay for dry cleaning." I propped myself up and said, "But you can help me take it off."
"Thought you'd never ask," he answered. In no time, he'd unbuttoned it and pulled it off my shoulders. While I pulled it the rest of the way off, he also found the back of my bra and unhooked it. I rolled onto my back so I could toss it aside. While I did that, Josh pushed his pants off. Since I was on my back, he did the same to my underwear.
"I guess it's time to show you your present," I said.
"You mean the blow job wasn't it?"
"That was spur of the moment," I answered. "This is something I planned." I went to my nightstand, pulled out a disc and handed it to him. "What's this?"
"Your pill ring. Only it's empty."
"That's right," I said with a smile. "What's that tell you?"
I could see Josh's hand tremble. "Oh, my God, Cindy." He pulled me back onto the bed. I spread my legs. He crawled between my thighs and licked my pussy.
"You don't have to do that," I told him. "This night is just for you."
"I want this, too," he said. He took his time, licking a circle around my bush and slipping a finger between my cunt lips. He pulled them out and licked between the folds. He put his mouth over the whole area and sucked the flesh into his mouth. He got his tongue inside and bounced it off the walls like he was making a star.
I heard him say something that sounded like, "I love you, Cindy," and I told him, "I love you, too." He put his finger on my clit and rubbed it. At the same time, he loosened his grip and traced my pussy lips with his tongue. "Kiss me again, Josh," I said. Reluctantly, he pulled his tongue out of my pussy, but he replaced it with two fingers. I could already taste a little of my excitement on his tongue, and he hardly waited at all before he added his ring finger. Soon I was bucking my hips.
"Yeah, you love that, don't you?" Josh said. I nodded. "You just lose all control when I touch this spot, don't you?" I arched my back and nodded again. "But now I know we want the same thing!" He pulled his fingers out and got between my legs again. He could have slipped his cock inside me easily, but he separated my pussy lips and made sure his hard cock was well inside me. I put my heels on his back and pulled him on top of me. He was already fucking me hard, and now I could feel him rubbing my mound as he went in and out. "Oh, God, Cindy, I've never felt this way with anyone before."
"Me too," I assured him. "Keep doing it that way!"
He centered himself, and now I could his cockhead along the back wall as he went back and forth. "I love you so much, Cindy!" he panted.
I grabbed his sides hard so he could concentrate on fucking me. No one had ever kept up the contact with the rest of my body like this before, and it was surreal. "God, Josh, it feels like we're really one flesh!"
"I know what you mean," he moaned.
"Come for me," I begged.
"I'm coming, Baby!" he shouted. He moved even tighter against me, which didn't seem possible, and soon I could feel his seed pouring through me to my womb.
I barely gave him a minute after he'd stopped coming. I rolled him onto his back, not letting his cock leave my cunt. I leaned down and put his hands on my tits. He caressed them lovingly. "It's your birthday," I said. "I'll do most of the work this time." I went up and down on his pole, imagining what my cunt lips looked like as they went in and out.
I would have asked Josh, but he was too preoccupied with my tits. "I can't wait for them to start filling up," he said.
"Play your cards right and it might happen," I replied. I went faster. I had my eyes closed just to enjoy the feeling, but I know my tits were swaying. I could feel Josh's cock getting thicker, and I flattered myself to think the swaying tits were the reason.
"Get ready!" Josh yelled.
I mashed myself down on his hips. This time, not only did I feel his cum shooting into me, I could feel where his dick was wider as the load shot out. "I'm coming with you, Josh!" I groaned. I sat straight up.
"Stay like that," he said. "Gravity's working against us, but there's nothing in the way!"
When he'd finished coming, I dismounted and rolled off him. I got off the bed and pulled the covers back. Josh got off as well, and we climbed underneath, both on our sides. "Best birthday ever?"
"By a mile," he said. "I've never done this on my birthday before."
"Never had birthday sex? That's sad," I said.
Josh corrected me. "I've had sex on my birthday. I've never woken up the next morning with the woman I loved."
I put my hand on his hip. "I love you, too, Josh." My hand slipped and brushed his dick, but we were both so worn out that it didn't react. Josh did take my hand, though, and our fingers interlaced while he kissed me, and we fell asleep.
When we were at Josh's parents' house, I noticed a copy ofFull Metal Jacketon the DVD rack. I don't know why, but in my dream, his dad put the disc in, and then the scene switched to the dining room. In the middle of the night, I felt Josh's hand on my side and I woke up. "What did we do?" he asked.
I turned to face him, but somehow I missed the look on his face. "We made love the way we were meant to," I said softly.
"But we don't even live together. We'd have to find a bigger place. My parents would be a little embarrassed, but they love you. How would your family take it?"
Now I understood what he meant. "Relax, honey. Everything's gonna work out." I closed my eyes and rolled onto my back again. I hoped I could reassure him for the moment and hold off on telling him what I needed to until later.
"Marry me," he said.
I opened my eyes, turned back to him and said, "Not like this." I got out of bed and came back to him with the pill ring. "Josh ... Honey ... If you'd looked at both sides, you would've noticed that this is two months old."
This made Josh panic even more. "You've gonetwo monthswithout-?"
I put the ring down and took his hands. "I haven't gone one month. I found that a couple weeks ago when I was looking for something under my bed. Apparently I dropped it when I took the last pill. Since I already had the next one ready, I didn't notice it."
Josh was calm now. "Why did you do that?"
"I loved how it felt when I thought you could get me pregnant. I wanted you to know how it felt, and when my relaxation technique didn't work for you, I wanted another way to make it happen. Finding this seemed like a good idea. I'm sorry it backfired." I tried to cheer him up. "So, before the implications hit you, how'd it feel?"
"Fucking awesome!" he said.
"Awesome fucking," I agreed. "I'm not gonna marry you just 'cause you think you owe it to me. I'll let you get me pregnant when I'm ready for you to get me pregnant. I'm not gonna do it just 'cause it's your birthday."
"I'm sorry I thought you were that irresponsible," Josh said.
"It's my fault for trying to put one over on you," I said. I went back to sleep. In the new dream, the DVD was playing and I left the room when I saw the scene with the prostitutes coming on. The next thing I knew, I was at a laundry getting my blouse cleaned. The woman at the counter said they'd have it ready the next day, and I noticed she had some manicuring equipment in front of her.
On Saturday we went to a college football game. I won't say where we live, but there's no NFL team in our state, so college is all we've got. I don't have any licensed clothes, so I borrowed one of Josh's jerseys. I liked the way it felt in the early autumn weather. The home team lost on a last-second touchdown. As we were heading back to Josh's car, he pointed out a woman who was wearing a jersey just like his. She looked to be about five months pregnant, and I could tell she was happy about it. Suddenly I imagined myself in the same position, with Josh's hands at my midsection, and I smiled. We had dinner at a casual restaurant before we headed back to his place. I was hoping this would be our first time being together for an entire calendar day, but Josh had some errands to run.
I took the occasion to do laundry, but first I looked to see what was on TV. I saw thatGodzillawas running. I hadn't seen it before, so I set my DVR, and then I gathered my clothes and my tablet so I could follow my favorite YouTube channels until the washer was done. When I moved my "letter published" shirt from the washer to the dryer, I remembered the first time Josh saw it and what followed. No one else was around, and I didn't have anything on under my long T-shirt, so I rubbed my pussy a little. I went back to my apartment and masturbated until my fingers were damp. I thought how we'd gone from two people who barely knew each other hooking up to meeting each other's families. I turned the TV on and saw that they'd misidentified the movie. It was the 1998 suckfest, not the sci-fi classic, so I deleted it and started on a show I hadn't seen in a while. After an episode and a half, I knew my laundry would be dry. I got it, put it away and went to sleep.
I went back to the previous night's dream. This time I was there to hear the scene fromFull Metal Jacket. The counter woman said, "Ancient Chinese secret," and I walked past an unspecified restaurant where I saw a menu with a dog on it. I woke up, changed into the "letter published" shirt and headed to Josh's apartment.
I rang the doorbell. When he answered, he was in his underwear and hadn't shaved since the night before. "Cindy, it's not even seven in the morning. What's wrong?"
I walked in and closed the door. "Marry me," I said.
Josh didn't hesitate. "Okay!"
I pulled his underwear down. "Now do what I know you wanna do."
I started to pull the hem of my shirt up, but Josh pushed my hands down. "Leave it on," he said.
"How'll you suck on my tits?" I asked.
Josh kicked his underwear off, and now he was naked. He told me, "I'll get to them later. For what you're talking about, we don't need to."
"You're right," I said. I took his hand and led him to his bed. I jumped on it and spread my legs wide open. Josh got between my thighs, and I could feel his cock at my pussy. "Before you start, tell me what you see," I told him.
"You can't see? I guess your breasts are bigger than I realized," he said.
"No, I just forgot my contacts," I explained.
"Well, my foreskin's about halfway back. Your pussy's already engorged, and now I'm dragging my cockhead between your lips."
"Mmm, I can feel that," I said.
"I'm slipping it in, and your lips are opening up like a pair of curved doors on a TV stage. I can see the ridges on my cock as I'm disappearing inside you."
"I can feel the top against my mound," I told him.
"I can see just a little of your pink inner flesh underneath my shaft."
He pulled back, and I begged, "Don't pull out!"
He didn't. He thrust back in, adding, "Your pussy flesh just gathered up over my cock like the blankets on a bed when you get out in a hurry." He came back out and thrust harder.
I raised my hips so I could pull up on the hem of my shirt a little. "Fuck me harder, Josh!"
"Your new fiancé really loves you," he said.
"Oh, God, I love hearing that!" I cried. I pulled the shirt up a little higher.
"Now I can see your belly, and I'm picturing what it'll look like next summer," Josh said.
"Yeah?" I asked joyfully.
"All I'll be able to see is, 'My letter was,' and the top half of 'published,'" he continued.
"Make it happen," I told him. I pulled my shirt up a little higher. I wanted to expose my entire tits, but I could only get it high enough to give him what I supposed was a lot of underboob.
"I never noticed how beautiful the bottom of your boobs are," Josh said. "I've seen nice tits, and I've seen nice nipples, but all I can see is below the nipple, and I've never noticed how shapely those are. I guess that's one of the benefits of being with one person a lot."
When he pulled back, I had a short window of opportunity. I got my shirt past my boobs but not over my shoulders. Josh came back down and sucked on my nipples while he fucked me. This time I pictured a little Josh feeding off them. "Do it, Josh! Do what we both want!"
He lifted himself back up and grabbed my hips. I tried to put my legs over his shoulders, but I needed him to give them the last push. "Yeah, I'm gonna fill you up!" he moaned.
"Don't just fill me. Overfill me!" I insisted.
He pulled my hips so he was flush against my cunt and delivered a new load. "I'm coming, Cindy! I'm coming!"
I moaned something I don't remember and imagined his sperm finding a lucky egg. When he finished coming, I rolled onto my side. Josh got behind me and put his hand over my belly. "That's what you had in mind, isn't it?"
"Yeah," I said. I tried to turn back to kiss him, but my shirt was in the way.
"Let me get that off you," he said. I held my arms out and he pulled the shirt off.
I turned my back again and said, "Do me like this, Josh."
"But it's not a good way-"
"I've only skipped one pill. It doesn't really matter today." I raised one leg, and I felt Josh's cock sliding over it. Even better, from this angle I didn't need my contacts to see my pussy and his dick. I could make out the shape of the cock head as he rubbed it back and forth across my pussy lips. I lifted my leg a little higher, and he was able to slip inside me again.
Once I brought my leg down, Josh started thrusting again. He kissed my neck and nibbled my ear. Now I could see the shaft as he pounded in and out. He fondled my left nipple, but he couldn't reach far enough to do the right without pulling out of my pussy. Instead, he rubbed my belly. "I can't wait to watch you swell up," he said.
"I love how you caress me when you're imagining it," I told him. I hadn't figured it out till that moment, but that was part of why I liked the idea.
"I'll wait on you hand and foot," Josh assured me.
"I could get used to that," I mused. Josh reached down and started playing with my clit while he fucked my now sensitive pussy. "That too!"
"Get ready for payload number two," he announced. I backed my hips up against his and prepared myself. "Shit! Yes!" I could feel him coming inside me, and the ecstasy overcame me.
When he pulled out, I rolled onto my back and stroked his dick a little. He jerked back. "Too much action in an hour?" I asked.
"I'm gonna have to change my vitamin plan if I'm gonna keep up with you!" he said. Then he continued, "Maybe I shouldn't ask, but what changed your mind? Did I say the right thing?"
"It's what you didn't say," I explained. "You're the first guy I've been with for three months who didn't say, 'Me love you long time.' Nothing about laundry, nothing about nail salons. You didn't even mention karate, and you could have because I actually took a few lessons in the fourth grade."
"Glad I never let you see my iPod," he said. "I have 'That's Not My Name'."
"You mean by the Ting Tings? You should be embarrassed about your taste in music, but I won't hold the band name against you."
"Thank God," Josh said. "So, is this all for real? You're not just messing with me again?"
"Well, there is one thing I need to tell you the truth about."
Josh looked down and stroked my pussy lips. "If you're a dude, you've disguised it pretty well."
I finished taking my shirt off and held it up. "I never had a letter published. I never sent a letter. I never had an experience that was interesting enough to write about until I met you."
Josh turned back. "Damn you! This whole relationship has been a lie!" I could tell he was joking, but he turned back and smiled. "I knew it. I got curious one day and looked it up on the net. They haven't made those shirts in 20 years, which means you'd have to have written your letter when you were-"
"Yeah, okay, I get it!" I said.
"By the way, it's a collector's item. I saw one on eBay where the bidding was up to $60."
"You don't care?"
"We'll make our own letters," Josh said. Then he pretended to be writing, exaggerating his hand movements. "After we'd fucked twice, I was really hungry, so I got between her legs and licked the juices out of her drenched pussy."
I spread my legs and told him, "Do it."
"But she was hungry too, so I moved around until we were in a 69."
"Go for it," I insisted. I'd gotten all the dick I could handle that weekend, but he's so enthusiastic when he eats me that I felt like I'd been missing out. In this position, I could see the underside of his shaft as I took it in and out. I was ready to come, and then I had a funny thought. I asked, "How much do you think the value would go down if it had a cum stain on it?"
I shouldn't have taken his dick out of my mouth, because Josh stopped eating me long enough to say, "I'm no expert, but probably by half." He lapped up some of my cum, then got up and asked, "Why?"
"Doesn't matter. I'm never gonna sell it anyway." I had planned on reaching for the shirt, but instead I pointed his dick toward my face and forced him to come on my chin and cheeks. Josh kissed me, but he was very careful about where his chin landed. I pushed him back. "What, you like seeing it on my chin, but you're too good to get it on yours?"
"I just don't want to mess it up before I take a picture," he said. He walked toward his bureau, where I'd seen his cell phone.
I got up and tackled him. "Don't you dare!"
He was face down, but he looked back at me and said, "Never. Not if you don't want to."
I got off him. "That's the other reason. I know you wouldn't."
Josh didn't get up, but he did turn over. "The other reason for what?"
"The reason I came over and proposed, Josh!" I stopped. "Oh, my God, I proposed."
Josh smiled. "Were you serious when you asked?"
I felt almost insulted that he'd ask. "Yes."
"Good, 'cause I was serious when I answered."
"You know, just 'cause I haven't taken my pill this morning doesn't mean I won't take it later."
"You do whatever feels right," Josh insisted.
I leaned over him and kissed him. My tits were rubbing his chest. I moved back slowly. I could feel his chest hair against my pussy until I felt his dick between my butt cheeks. I raised my hips a little and backed up until he was inside me again. "You feel right," I told him. "I'll do you."
"And I promise I won't freak out about the consequences this time," he promised. Since we weren't focused on it, I was able to take my time. Josh put his hands on my back and ran them up and down. He was so smooth that it seemed like I could always feel a hand on either a shoulder blade or a buttock. When he came inside me, it was probably with the least force in the time we'd been together, but it made me happier than I'd ever been.
Josh told me later that he belonged to a group in one of the social media for people who get off on pregnancy. I joined the same group, and now we both like to look at the background pictures that people use in their posts. I'm staying on the Pill for now, but this keeps us happy until we're ready to try for real.