There was an image I came across recently, that captured my imagination for more than a fleeting second. It pulled me in, and has kept my mind there for a few days, as I look at the people in it, and try to place myself there and understand what the draw is.
scene -
Another fetish night, another fascinating time to be present and enjoy the sights and sounds around me. Every body type, every orientation and kink represented. The BDSM sections prove the most popular in participants and spectators, but the dance floor is occupied by the more energetic tweakers, and the bar suitably being held up by patrons.
In a way, I felt out of place, as I took the cheap way out and just wore black. I didn't own any fetish gear, and generally feel silly playing the roles outside of the bedroom. But I appreciated the boldness of those who did. I had come by myself, paid for my ticket and had opted to wallflower for a bit, trying to decide what I was looking for tonight.
At 6ft 2in, 190lbs with a shaven head - I may have had a default presence of intimidation about me, which, truth be told, I'd used on more than a few occasions in play. I never truly felt big unless I had a tiny female at my hand, or a twink underneath me, and man was that always fun. I sipped at my drink while pondering just that scenario, and spied a short haired pixie across the room.
She was petite, and wearing a strapless black mini-dress with black leather boots. Her hair dark with highlights, and her make-up fairly low key for the gathering. She acknowledged me from a distance, and I nodded back at her. Moving through the crowd, further away from me, she kept making eye contact, as if to beckon me along. In a venue of risky pleasures, I went with it, and began to make my way to the corner of crowded room. I pushed past a group of out-of-place cougars and their one gay friend, and found the object of my affection standing there smiling with a leash in her hand.
On the other end of the leash was a young man, just college age, with a gangly mop of brown hair on his head, wearing nothing but a slash of facepaint. Admittedly, I was a bit taken back at first.
Her "boy" was almost cherub-like, slightly frightened looking, but with a hint of darkness behind his eyeliner. He was skinny, and pale, with pink nipples, and relatively hairless except for a thicket of pubic hair about his softened penis. The leather collar around his neck was studded, and along with his nudity made it clear who was the boss. In fact, he was actually an inch or two shorter than his Domme.
Her name was Min, and she broke the ice with a little small talk, but seemed to revel in my unsettled response to her reveal. Though I was still very much attracted to her, and made my best effort to appear interested in our conversation, I would frequently dart my eyes over to her "boy" here and there to try and pull him in.
Admittedly, I was sort of taken by him. He had a look of innocence and fragility that belied his naked state and status, and my mind invented an array of scenarios wherein I would cover his tiny body with mine, and either give him pure love, or sheer pleasure. The basic novelty of bouncing him off my dick for the night took greater hold in my brain though.
Maybe his Domme would enjoy that, maybe I could be his punishment for something. I smiled at that,
"But can we be honest here for a sec'?"
The mistress snapped me out of my reverie with her tone. It had dropped the casual sing-songy nature of chit chat.
"You look like a man who's willing to play, and a man looking to fuck..." She paused. "And I can appreciate that"
The space between us shrunk, and I glanced over at her "boy" to gauge his reaction. He always returned my gaze, but kept a mischievous poker face.
"You like him do you?"
I sheepishly let out a laugh, having been caught, and admitted an affirmative.
"But I really like you too," I added quickly, as to not break up the imaginary threesome in my head. I thought I was being coy and flirtatious, making it seem as though I was being an indecisive bisexual who might just be coaxed into having his cake and eating it too. Alas, while I was busy trying to be cute, I had forgotten that I was speaking to a sharp woman, with a man on a leash. She was a Domme, not some young girl I'd meet at a bar.
She drew us over to a bench, and sandwiched me between them, dropping her end of the leash. Min, threw her legs up over my knees, and brought her face close to mine. With a palm on my chest, and an intense level of eye contract, she put forward her gambit.
"You're a tourist here, and thats completely okay, but I'm going to give you your one shot to get into the game... here's the thing though... I am positive that everything I'm about to say is going to scare you to death, and you'll be skittering out of here in no short order... You're going to blush, and realize how fucking insane this whole thing is, and every part of you is going to say NO... And I'll end up as the whack job you narrowly avoided in a story you tell to friends"
It was embarrassing to hear my reality laid out like that so bluntly, and my face burned. I'd come to events like these before, enjoyed the show, but generally went home unsatisfied - even if I did pick up a trick for the night.
"But heres what I see - " Min's "boy" stood, and positioned himself in front of me. I looked him up and down from his blank glare, to the decent sized cock nestled in his pubes. "You came here for me, but you got lost the minute you laid eyes on Lucas, didn't you?" Her "boy" had a name. Lucas. I locked eyes with him, still feeling embarrassed. It was crazy though. Even though he was naked, I was the one that felt exposed.
Min went quiet, and her gentle caressing stopped. I turned my head to look her in the eyes, where I found she had a menacing look about her, and a slightly evil grin.
"You are in safe hands with me, boy. I promise that you will never be in danger under me. But you know you need to make this decision for once and for all, don't you?"
My heart beat fast, and I felt a bit panicky - I didn't even need for her to lay out the details to understand where this was going.
"You came over here for me, but you're absolutely lost in him," She nodded over to Lucas who stood attentively beside us, his dick twitching ever so slightly. "The question is, whether thats because you want to fuck him... or be him."
Our eyes were locked in a stalemate I was bound to lose. Despite everything in my reasonable self screaming at me to laugh it off and make my excuses, I felt my face betray me, my eyes softening into acquiescence. Min lit up as our status' slowly changed.
I had silently given my consent.
Almost as if on cue. Our dark, quiet, little corner seemed to burble to life. Bodies were closing in, raucous conversations filled in the quiet, and the air got thick. Min extracted herself from my lap, and spoke forcefully to me,
"Stand. Up. And take off all your clothes, boy."
The blood drained from my face, as my eyes readjusted to the flashing lights of the club. My cock was hard, and obvious, and I slowly stood up. I was going to go through with this. There was no turning back in my mind.
As I glanced around at our surroundings, I noticed the crowd had shifted a bit, and had drawn their attention away from the dance floor and back towards our quiet little corner. They must have overheard Min's command, and were now curious spectators. Everyone in our area was watching now. As I turned to face my Domme, I looked at Lucas's naked body. In a few minutes, that would be me. I would be naked and exposed. I had lusted after his tiny body just moments ago, fantasized about fucking him hard, because here was there for the taking - and soon, I would be no better than him.
Lucas, for his part, knew very well what it all meant. Which was probably why he was smiling for the first time that night.
(to be continued)