This story was mostly written by my sister. She's been a writer of fine poetry and short stories for years, but she was inspired to write her first erotic short story after a real life experience. She has been single all her life and a teacher for nearly 20 years (you'll actually learn more personal details as you read her story). What she brought to me in draft awhile back was amazingly stimulating, for her supposed first venture into the erotic. For an older brother it was at first a bit embarrassing to read but by the time I had helped her edit the story and use language and phrasing she had never dreamed of using before it got rather stimulating for me to say the very least! By the way, she and I collaborated mostly on-line for this although she lives only 20 minutes away. We did not dare sit in the same room and write together, it would likely have been most embarrassing for the both of us!
So, without further aggrandizement, let me let her story entertain and hopefully arouse your senses (amongst other things) on its own merit.
(As a footnote, my sister knows I have been a Literotica fan and submitter for some time now and I introduced her to the site a few months back. She was taken in by the eroticism of the chat room feature and has admitted to an enjoyable late night or two, or three on-line there. – With all that said, she has asked that I share this story with other Lit fans. Enjoy...as I'm sure her young lover continues to enjoy her!)
A woman and younger man had met earlier in their lives and now meet again a few years later...now as more than teacher and student.
David and Reese tell the story in their own words...
According to David... When I got my spring tuition statement in the mail that week, I knew I was going to be plenty short or at least it was going to wipe out my checking account. Last semester had already pretty much taken everything my parents had saved up for my tuition. We had the agreement for my junior and senior year for me to pay for my room and board. I had been a little less than thrifty and spent too much of my summer job earnings on a blowout car stereo and new video games. Knowing my Dad, he would take out yet another loan he and Mom really could not afford to bail me out. I couldn't go asking them to do that for me yet again. I was now twenty-one and officially an adult. I needed to take care of this just as I promised. I had just enough in my account to cover the room costs, but if I wanted to eat and have spending money, not to mention date funds, I was on my own. Only getting a job wasn't the only problem. I was taking a full load the next semester, part of the consequence of screwing around my first couple years and now instead of slacking my final senior semester I had to take an extra two classes to be able to graduate on time with my friends. Finally, if I wanted to keep my place on the wrestling team and the partial scholarship I did have, I had to work around practice and meets somehow. With that overloaded schedule I couldn't be working every afternoon or workday evening. I had to find a job that would pay good enough for just working weekends.
After my last class on a Tuesday, I practically ran to the gym to get there in time for wrestling practice. Later, after a quick bite I went to the library to study for a couple more hours. I was on my way back to my dorm when I saw one of my buddies. He was talking to a very good looking older woman.
As I walked by, he noticed me. "Hey, David, come over here and let me introduce you to Professor Lindsay. I have her for Advanced Lit."
This very appealing woman reached out her hand, "Hi David."
Professor Lindsay was not the typical woman most people would picture being a college professor. She looked to be in her early 30s. And with that long blonde hair and long legs she was more than gorgeous. I took her soft hand in mine, "Hi, Professor Lindsay." The touch of her skin was nice and warm.
Before my sexy daydream of Professor Lindsay was able to get too far along, Nick brought me back to Earth.
"David, Ms. Lindsay was just telling me her sister has this business that she needs some help with and is looking for a couple of guys to work for her. I know you were telling me you were looking to pick up some cash this coming semester."
"Yea, I do need a job. It just has to be on the weekend, and not on some Saturday afternoons, when we have away wrestling matches."
"Not a problem." Professor Lindsay said. "It would be Friday and Saturday nights, usually later in the evenings. You could pretty much work your own schedule. Besides I think you'd be a perfect fit for this job." She said as she looked me up and down and smiled.
I smiled back, wondering just what she meant.
I heard keys jingle behind me and realized I was in a daze again looking at the beautiful Professor Lindsay.
"Hey, dude. I'll leave you two to negotiate. I hope it turns out to be big money for you." Nick turned to go. "See you in class tomorrow Professor Lindsay."
"Sure, Nick. Remember, we'll be discussing Keats and Yeats. Do that reading assignment."
Professor Lindsay turned her attention back to me. Again she eyed me up and down. It actually made me a bit uncomfortable getting the once over from a professor. But another part of me kind of enjoyed it.
"So David, do you think you'd be interested in seeing what my sister has to offer?"
"What the heck," I said, "I need the cash." I took the card from her well manicured fingers and agreed to meet her sister the next day.
The next evening I found myself sitting in front of another 'Professor' Lindsay. Nick's Professor Lindsay had failed to tell me her sister, Annie, was her twin right down to the same long tanned legs.
"Are you twenty-one?" This Ms. Lindsay asked. "Yea, I turned twenty-one last August," I answered.
"And you play a sport?" she asked.
"Uh huh, I've wrestled since I was a freshman in high school."
"You're a real athlete then. Excellent!" Annie smiled and jotted another note on her clipboard. "Have you ever modeled before?"
"No." I said, "Well, unless you count that calendar thing we did my sophomore year to raise money for our trip out to California for the Greco-Roman tournament."
"This is a bit more 'active' modeling David." Annie added. "But if you are really interested we can talk specifics later."
"I think I can handle modeling," I said, "can't be that hard getting dressed up and walking around for pictures."
"Well, it might be more than just getting dressed up. Actually it more involves getting dressed down." Annie said and I caught the smirk on her face as she bit down on the end of the pen looking for my reaction.
I was honest, and really felt it when I said, "I can handle wearing trunks or stuff like that."
"I'm talking about a bit more 'dressed down' than that, David." Annie peered over the top of her glasses now.
"You mean like an underwear model?" I knew my eyes responded along with my voice. "David, I'll be honest with you, this is where I lose most of my applicants. This job is one of a more personal nature. It's more of a service and involves less modeling than it does dancing. When I say dancing, I mean getting up in front of women at sorority parties and for other groups of women that enjoy the sight of a young man's virile body."
"Oh," was my simple response.
"Just something about you tells me you are truly cut out for this kind of work or rather entertainment. It is entertainment David. I can guarantee you at least a hundred dollars a night and for some of the jobs three times that. And that does not include tips you can earn. You've got the kind of body the ladies will pay big bucks for, trust me."
My eyes had to have widened at the sound of that kind of money. Annie was biting her lip now, maybe she anticipating me turning down her offer like so many others.
I thought of the possibilities. The pros included making some good money, in just weekend nights like I was looking for. The cons were standing up in front of a bunch of women showing off my body, that and what the guys would think if they found out. The latter I figured I could handle, especially for the money. As for the former, getting up in front of a bunch of women was both appealing and exciting to think about.
"So, do you think you'd be interested?"
"The pay sounds more than okay." Now I bit my lip. Thought for another moment and then said, "What the hell, it's worth a shot."
"Great, come back tomorrow night and we'll get you set up with outfits and I'll show you the ropes."
So that weekend I went to work...and worked on through the spring semester.
*****
Reese... The last couple of weeks of school had been so stressful. It was so close to summer vacation, and my young students knew it. I couldn't complain too much, this group of boys and girls were some of my best and I had been teaching for years now. I started with the younger ones in my early years and moved on to junior high school. I had just started back with third graders when I came up to Northern Virginia and to this school two years ago.
Only three more weeks to go, I thought as I pulled out of the parking lot Friday afternoon. As I got on the highway, my cell rang. I looked over and saw it was Jenna, a teacher friend of mine. She taught at the high school.
"Hey girl, how're you doing?" Jenna said before I could even say 'hello'.
"Great, I'm ready for the weekend now though." I answered honestly.
"So you're still going to be here tonight, right?" She asked.
"I wouldn't miss it. I'm ready for a good girl's night out." I replied.
"Okay, see you soon. Bye. Kisses." she said quickly and hung up.
I had received the invitation from Jenna a couple weeks earlier to come to a lingerie party she was hosting.
For some time after I had been more than a little embarrassed by what happened at the party. But in the last few days I've come to appreciate just how pleasing and satisfying a time we all had, during and after the party. That's why I'm writing this story...
*****
David... After a couple of months working my new job, I couldn't deny the paycheck was more than good for only two or three hours of work on Friday and Saturday nights. Needless to say, I soon found other fringe benefits came with the part-time job. I got to meet some very hot women. I ended up with a handful of dates out of it, mostly from the sorority gigs.
Another, more subtle benefit was being able to act on a life-long fantasy of being a little bit of an exhibitionist. My new job was the ultimate, being a male dancer.
And it was a few months into the job, now close to June and I had one of the most exciting gigs I had ever had. At first it had been somewhat of an embarrassing experience. But by the next day I had felt just how lucky a man I had become. That's why I'm writing this story...
*****
Reese... We were all friends and we had been meeting like this for the last several months for a girl's night. This month was Jenna's turn and she was having it at her house. Jenna's husband was on a business trip, so we women had the whole house to ourselves. Little did I know when I walked in her front door that I was in for an experience I would not soon forget.
By nine-thirty, Lisa, the party hostess, had all of us hyped on the sexy outfits and accessories she had on display. The alcohol had been flowing since we all had walked in the door at 7:30. Personally, I am not much of a drinker, so the two drinks I had had already and the third that Jenna had just put in my hand was warming me through and through.
At this point, the door bell rang, and Jenna jumped up off the floor.
"Okay now ladies, everyone needs to freshen up their drinks," she said as she walked toward the stairs, "while I go get our dessert!" Jenna practically skipped out of the room and up the stairs, assumedly toward the front door.
We all looked at one another and shrugged. None of us appeared to have a clue as to what Jenna was doing. We heard the door open and close, in between voices conversed, but all too low to hear what was being said.
"I'll be right back, too." Lisa then said and headed upstairs herself.
I took another swallow of my drink and told the other girls in the room, "I keep drinking these things and I won't be awake long enough to have dessert."
*****
David... I got the call from Angie last Wednesday. She had set me up with a private party on Saturday night. I had not thought anything different about this job; it was just another one in a woman's private home. I parked down the street and walked up to the house. I had never been in this neighborhood and just walking by each house on the way all I could think of was who could stand to live in houses this big.
I came to the one, 416 Mahogany Place. The house had to be the biggest on the block. It was beautiful though, built with a nice stone front. My client and her husband must have some real money. Selfishly at that moment all I could think of was how much of a generous tip I might earn from someone like that.
I was to be there at 9:30. I was told the party would already be in full swing by the time I arrived. I looked at my watch as I stepped up on the front stoop. It was 9:28. This was my thirtieth or thirty-first party, but only the fourth at a private residence. Although I had gotten the routine down, for some reason I was anxious about this party and my heart was racing more than usual as I rang the doorbell.
The door opened and before me stood a very stunning woman that looked to be in her late 30s. But the most extraordinary thing about her was I was practically looking her directly in the eye. I'm about 6'2" and she was almost right at my height. She had to be almost six feet tall herself.
"Hi, you must be our dessert, I mean entertainment, for tonight, young man." The striking woman extended her hand to me with a huge smile on her lovely face. "I'm Jenna Caldwell."
"Good evening, Ms. Caldwell. I'm David." I took her hand, but found myself focusing down on her chest. She was wearing a print blouse and it was cut and open enough to provide a very ample view of her more than generous breasts. Her long brown hair cascaded down over one breast and down to where it reached nearly down to her waist. When my lingering gaze finally made it back up to her face I was met with a set of deep brown eyes that seemed to burn right through me. "Please, call me Jenna. Come on in." She said as she stood aside and let me step into her foyer. "The party has already started as I told your employer, but you are right on time. We just need to get you dressed."
"Yes, I just need a bathroom to change in." I told her as I held up my little outfit bag.
"Oh, no, I've got it all set up for you down in our study, just follow me." I followed this drop-dead gorgeous woman down a short hall. Her heels clicked on the hardwood floor. The heels looked to be at least a couple of inches high. So, even with those she was still pretty tall. When I walked in the study behind her I saw another woman already there. She was sorting through what looked like an array of women's lingerie. My nervous meter started clanging immediately. "Oh Lisa, this is David, he's here to model the men's underwear." Jenna said to the woman. "David, this is Lisa. She's our hostess for Nicolette's Lingerie."
"Hi, nice to meet you," I offered. But I didn't get a return cordiality.
"What? You didn't tell me about this. I've never used a model before. In fact, I'm sure I'm not supposed to. I've only been selling for only a couple of months now though. But I'm sure it's not right."
"Oh, calm down girl. I think the ladies downstairs will be very interested in seeing your line of male undergarments displayed on a real model. And I think we have just the right young man for the job. Come on what do you say?"
"I don't know." Lisa pondered in front of us both.
I began to ponder myself just what I was getting into here. I had come to dance for a private party, pretty much my usual routine. And now...
"Tell you what, I'll buy everything he wears and promise you at least another $500 in business whether the girls downstairs place that many orders or not." She talked to Lisa, but turned to look in my direction and eye me up and down again. "I have a feeling you are going to get a lot of orders looking at what our model here is going to do for filling out those nice male things."
I could swear her gaze ended at just below my waist at that last comment. I self-consciously crossed my arms down in front of myself as I stood there in my jeans.
"Uh, Mrs. Caldwell." I started to stammer nervously I knew, "actually, I thought I was going to be performing a routine like I usually do. Are you sure all you want me to do is model some boxers?"
"Yes, we need you as a model for tonight, David. Is that okay?" Mrs. Caldwell asked. "And please, no more 'Mrs. Caldwell', I'm Jenna, please."
"I guess, but did Annie tell you I've never actually modeled before?" I had to admit to her.
"Oh I know. Annie mentioned that, but she also mentioned you have received rave reviews from all her other customers. You come highly recommended for your, well let just say, your attributes." Again, I got the 'look' that ended up with a not so casual gaze down the front of my jeans again. "Also, besides doubling your normal fee, I expect you'll pick up some very healthy tips with a good performance tonight. My friends are mighty generous." "I'm very glad to hear I have a good reputation with my prior work. I'm also glad you feel I can do this job for you." I was building my confidence as I was trying not to let the compliments go straight to my male ego and the dollar signs flash in front of my eyes.
"So, can we get on with this and get you changed now?" Jenna said, as she and Lisa sorted through some of the clothing.
"Ok, I'll model your underwear."
As Jenna looked me up and down, a sly smile formed on her lips. "There are at least five outfits, well, more like boxers or briefs and a matching robe that we want you to model. You can choose the one you want to start with."
"I can do that." I said.
"Good, then get changed and let me know when you're ready." Jenna said and turned toward the door. "Okay, Lisa, lets give the young man some privacy and get back to the girls." With that the two women left me alone in the room.
*****
Reese... A few minutes later, Jenna popped back downstairs with Lisa following behind her.
"Okay girls, I need just a minute or two more to get our treat for the night ready." Jenna then turned to our hostess, "Lisa you go ahead and start passing out the order forms."
Then she turned to address the other six of us in the room again, "Ladies, be generous now, and place orders on what you've seen so far. I'll be back with our treat so you can have another opportunity to spend some more cash out of those designer handbags you all carry."
Before any of us could ask a question, she turned and bounded back up the steps.
*****
David... I shed my 'street' clothes and picked up the paisley patterned silk boxers that were on top. Next to them was a matching silk robe. I had never worn anything this fancy before, but the minute I slipped the boxers on over my shiny g-string, my outfit for my finale most nights. These boxers were more than just fancy and expensive, they felt very comfortable. The material was light and cool against my skin. It felt so good, and rubbed against my crotch just so right.
I was starting to feel too good. This was a paying job and it wouldn't do to get excited in front of the women in some sales lady's clothes. I closed my eyes and thought about my physics exam coming up next Tuesday and that helped. I picked up the robe and slipped it on.
"Are you ready?" I heard Jenna's voice through the door.
I took a big breath. "Sure," I responded.
The door quickly opened and Jenna stuck her head in. "Oh God," she exclaimed as she looked me over for the third time tonight. "What a sexy sight. And, those boxers are nice, too. The girls are going to love you, I mean, those, the boxers and the robe."
"Thank you, I guess." I answered the implied compliment.
"Wait, are you wearing underwear under those boxers?" Jenna nodded toward my crotch.
"Uh, yea." I answered.
"No way. Those are boxers and guys should wear them loose underneath. How are the girls going to get the real effect if you wear something else underneath?"
"But..." I stammered.
"But nothing. Come on, I have a roomful of women waiting to see a hunk in underwear. Get them off and then come on out." With that she shut the door behind her.
I couldn't believe I was doing it, but I slipped the boxers off and unstrapped the g-string. I balled it up and stuck it in the pocket of my jeans that were slung over a chair.
I took a deep breath and then opened the door.
There stood Jenna tapping her toe impatiently. She looked down at my crotch again. "Good, that is better. Feels better too doesn't it?" "It does." I had to admit.
"Come on then, follow me." Jenna waved at me and turned to go down some steps.
*****
Reese... We were gabbing away and all still freely gulping our drinks when Jenna walked back in the room.
"Okay, you girls are spending too much time gossiping and not enough time filling in Lisa's order forms." Jenna said standing there in front of us hands on hips.
"Where have you been?" Amanda asked.
"I told you. I was getting your treat for the night ready. I will give you two hints, it's not chocolate and unless you do something I wouldn't do, it should be calorie free."
"Hmm, since I know you would do just about anything Jenna that doesn't leave much." I offered up.
"Funny, Reese, funny." She pointed a finger at me and squint her eyes in mock disapproval. "There is still plenty of food and drink in the kitchen, so continue to help yourselves please. Just remember, we're all here to have a good time, so please make the most of it!" She turned to our hostess and said, "Lisa, I'm sorry again that I didn't tell you about this part, but I wanted it to be a surprise for everyone."
With that she walked back to the bottom of the steps, "Okay, everyone, now that we have seen most of Lisa's wonderful line of sexy ladies underthings, its time to shift gears and look at another line of clothes she has. Ladies, I think you are going to enjoy my version of showing off Nicolette's Lingerie men's line. So without further adieu, let me introduce our dessert, I mean our model for the evening."
*****
David... I heard Jenna's voice down the stairs speaking to others. "Ladies, I think you are going to enjoy my version of showing off Nicolette's Lingerie men's line."
Then I heard her voice call up to me. "David come on down."
I took the last few steps and walked out into the room.
I first saw Lisa standing next to a table with more clothes laid out across it. There were silky thongs and lacy bikinis of all colors. I had never seen such a collection of women's underwear unless you counted walking passed the J.C. Penney's lingerie section at the mall.
Then turning my head my eyes fell upon six other women sitting in the room. I have to say, first impressions told me these were very lovely ladies, lovely and very classy ladies. They were dressed very well for a night at what I assumed was a friend's house. Nervously I walked on into the room.
"So girls, David here is our model for tonight."
"Wow, nice print." I heard a voice on the other side of the room call out. I looked over and saw a woman sitting in a straight chair. She was rather good looking, with a gorgeous head of curly strawberry-blonde hair and cute freckles on her face.
"Come on over here David." Jenna told me.
I was apprehensive at first as I looked into the collective smiling faces. My heart pounded as I walked up beside her.
Jenna then proceeded to introduce me to the women.
"You've sort of met Shellie already. She's the loud one over there." Shellie looked to be just over thirty, with that shoulder length, strawberry blonde hair and a rather petite figure. She wore a tight top, with a short jacket and skirt. I saw a large diamond ring and wedding band on her left hand. She smiled and winked at me.
Then Jenna turned to the next woman, sitting on the left end of the couch. "This is Dee." Dee looked to be in her early thirties, too, but actually almost looked younger because of her size. She couldn't have been much over five feet tall, if that. But I was drawn to a size more conspicuous than her height. As she smiled at me and sat back in the cushions, she jutted her chest out which stretched the limits of the blue blouse she wore. She had to have had a very healthy cup size. They were very hard to miss. She also wore a black skirt that was so short it showed off all her legs and most of her thighs. I saw the big rings on her left hand, too.
"Next to her is Amanda." Amanda looked up at me with a smile and proceeded to scan my body, up and down, just as Jenna had done several times already. That was always part of the overall show I knew. At every performance I was ogled by the ladies. Only something tonight was getting to me more. Anyway, I looked at her face as she returned an approving glare with her sparkling green eyes. I noticed she had no ring.
"Next to her on the other end of the couch is Violet." Violet immediately stood and walked up to me. I felt my body ease back slightly not sure of what to expect. She held out her hand. "Hi, David. I hope you enjoy doing the show tonight as much as I think we will while watching you." She gave me the once over, too.
I took her hand and before I knew it was looking down at her chest. Her blouse left little to the imagination, with the buttons undone and the collar flared out as it was. I was greeted to a close up view of another generous amount of cleavage.
"Nice to meet you." Was all I could say as I shook her hand and watched her lick her full red lips before she turned and went to sit back down on the couch. Oh, I did notice the diamond and the gold band on her hand by the way. Damn, if it wasn't the largest rock I'd ever seen. Obviously her husband had some money.
"Over on the love seat there, on the left, is MacKenzie." MacKenzie was a beautiful dark haired woman, likely in her mid-30s. She had a very smoothly curved body, not skinny and not plump at all. Her face was very lovely. She looked at me now with piercing green eyes. She wore a blue sweater top that clung to her very nicely. She wore a short dark skirt and a pair of black high heels with spikes the length of which gave me a shiver. She like Amanda had no ring.
"And finally, our senior member of the group tonight," Jenna began the last introduction.
"Hey, you didn't have to volunteer that!" The voice came from the lovely long, auburn-haired woman on the right side of the love seat.
Something in that voice resonated in my ears; something caught a memory in the far reaches of my brain.
"Okay, I'm sorry. David this is Reese. She is a teacher like Dee and I. And she's only been teaching for almost 20 years now, which is why I called her 'senior'."
A teacher? I thought to myself as my gaze went to the woman's face.
The woman asked, "What is your name again?"
"David, Ma'am." I heard my voice crack and realized at the same moment I had called her 'ma'am'.
"Have we met before?" she asked. And as I looked into her eyes, I realized indeed we had and I knew exactly where.
"Yes, I believe we have, but it's been awhile," I answered hesitantly.
"Oh my God, David Smalley? What are you doing, uh, what are you doing here?" She stammered in shock.
*****
Reese... Jenna introduced us one by one...
"You've sort of met Shellie already. The loud one over there." Shellie is thirty-three, married and has three kids. Of course, her slight figure didn't show that. Having a very wealthy husband that could afford a personal trainer didn't hurt. But I shouldn't talk about her like that, we are good friends.
"This is Dee." Jenna continued. Dee is thirty-two, also married and the smallest of us all at barely four foot eleven. She's also the only one of us that has had enhancements. Yes, she went from that puny B-cup to a D-cup a couple of years ago. At first she looked so much out of proportion. But honestly, now I think she looks absolutely gorgeous. Oh my, and she is getting her money's worth out of them tonight for our model's sake, she just jutted those things right out for his viewing pleasure.
"Next to her is Amanda." Jenna said. Amanda is thirty-five, with a bust size to match her age, 35C.
Okay, before I go too far here, let me explain why I know measurements of all the girls here tonight. As I mentioned earlier, this was a lingerie party. One of the things our hostess Lisa did at the beginning of the party was to give us all free measurements and fittings. That way we could tell what items might fit us best as we went along tonight. Being the close girls we are, we hold very little secret between and so we now know one another from bust to hip and in some personal cases beyond. That's another story for later.
Getting back to Amanda, well, she is also the only true lesbian in the room tonight; common knowledge amongst us girls. She was actually unattached at the moment, too. Poor, David, being she was among only three of us without a ring, hope he didn't get any ideas of going home with her tonight.
"Next to her on the other end of the couch is Violet." I heard Jenna continue the introductions around the room. Violet is my baby sister. Yep, she's thirty-six, happily married to a great guy named Mike and has all the sexy looks and attributes in the family. She has some of the most gorgeous brown hair with the sexiest natural reddish highlights. And her chest, well, I didn't have to have Lisa measure her for me to know. She has the chest I've been jealous of since I was 18 and she was only 12. I wasn't even into a B-cup by then and she was already wearing a C. She was also the biggest flirt I had ever known. And wouldn't you know it, there she goes, right up to young David to get up close and personal. A married woman, ha! Of course, I knew for a fact she had never cheated on Mike. We had told one another everything over all these years. Still, she could be such a tease.
"Hi, David. I hope you enjoy doing the show tonight as much as I think we will while watching you." She gave David the once over and just before she turned to go back to her seat on the couch I saw how she pushed up those big boobs of hers practically calling out his name with each. What's a big sister to do?
"On the love seat there, on the left is MacKenzie." MacKenzie, what can I say about this remarkable woman? Other than I love her. That's' right I love her. See I'm bisexual. For the last almost four years I have been strictly seeing women. For the last eight months I've been exclusively with Mac. We met on a Parent Teacher Association night. She was on the PTA committee. She had been a single mom for a few years now. She had also been bi for most of her life. To this day we tease one another about who seduced who in my classroom that night. By that weekend we had hooked up. We don't live together for virtue of her two children, but we get together as often as possible. As for her chest size, no I didn't need Lisa's help with that either, she has a very full set of 34Cs. She also has the most beautiful dark chestnut colored hair and beautiful green eyes that I truly get lost in.
"And finally, our senior member of the group tonight," I heard Jenna begin the last introduction. I realized it was for me...
"Hey, you didn't have to volunteer that!" I protested to Jenna.
"Okay, I'm sorry. David this is Reese. She is a teacher like Dee and I. And she's only been teaching for almost 20 years now, which is why I called her 'senior'."
I looked at this young man and then I rolled his name around in my head...'David'. Something was clearing in my mind. I looked up at our model and asked, "What is your name again?"
"David, Ma'am." I heard his voice crack and as he used the term 'Ma'am'.
"Have we met before?" I asked. And as I looked into his eyes, I realized indeed we had and I knew exactly where.
"Yes, I believe we have, but it's been awhile," he answered hesitantly.
"Oh my God, David Smalley? What are you doing, uh, what are you doing here?" I stammered in shock.
The young man looked back at me in great surprise, actually almost in horror.
"Miss Mathews?" he stammered.
"Yes." I said to the young man standing in front of us. Only I suddenly pictured a much younger and much less manly version of the person everyone else in the room saw...
There was this boy in my class several years ago. I actually had thought he would grow up to be a major geek, not that it was a bad thing. He was just so smart and not really very big or muscular even for an eighth grader. But there was something else I remembered, he would always follow me around school and always offered to stay late to help clean my classroom. I knew he had had a crush on me.
David, well, he had to be in college and probably close to graduating by now. Although I had not seen him since that eighth grade class almost eight years ago, I was seeing him again tonight. Seeing him like I never thought I'd see one of my former students, as male entertainment for a bunch of half-drunk and sexually charged women.
I don't know who was more embarrassed or most in shock, both of us with our jaws fallen open...
We fruitlessly tried to get back to the real purpose of the show. I even asked Lisa about the material of the robe and boxers for further distraction. She answered, but the hell if I remember what the answer was. All the girls were grinning in anticipation. They couldn't believe their good luck in being able to see such a hunk standing in front of them wearing a silk robe. His legs were long and so very muscular. I caught myself following those thighs up under the robe.
My face flushed I'm sure at the realization of what I was thinking. I knew I shouldn't have such thoughts. David was, after all, much younger and, besides, he had been one of my students. Of course, 'had' was the operative word here. Still I was beginning to have certain thoughts I felt guilty about and that in turn were beginning to have certain very familiar effects on my body.
"I think you'll be pleasantly surprised when he opens that robe and reveals himself." Jenna's voice came from across the room.
"You mean he's gonna expose himself!" Mac almost squealed the whisper.
"No silly. But I think you'll love what you see in the boxers." Jenna retorted. "David, open your robe and show the girls the fancy boxers."
I looked up I'm sure with a very anticipatory gleam in my eyes.
He seemed to hesitate at first, but then he opened the robe.
"Wow! I see what you mean." MacKenzie called out loud to Jenna this time.
"Definitely," Amanda responded. "He's got a great build. He must work out regularly."
"Hey, David. What do you do to keep in such good shape?" Violet asked.
"Uh, I wrestle. Been wrestling since high school." David provided.
Jenna stood next to David.
I could also see his boxers were fairly well filled out in the front. This was exciting him and we had not even done anything to urge him on yet. Looking at him be excited was getting me excited.
"You are a very sexy young man, David. Would you please turn around for us? You know, so we can see what the backside of, well, those boxers look like." Jenna requested.
David slid the robe of his big shoulders and draped it over the chair behind him. Then we all watched as he slowly turned.
As he did, I unconsciously uncrossed my legs and felt my skirt slide up my thighs a little more. The cool air of the room rushed up between my thighs. I was feeling more excited than I had realized as I felt the silky material of my panties press against my sudden dampness.
*****
As I turned around, the ladies began whistling and hollering. When I faced them all again, I looked at each one with as much confidence as I could collect standing tall, realizing my manhood, a bit swollen, was swinging back and forth under the boxers from the quick spin.
I caught myself staring over at my teacher's, my former teacher, Ms. Mathew's legs. The short skirt she was wearing had ridden up considerably on her thighs. She still had great legs, something I could still picture as she stood in front of our class and wrote on the chalkboard.
"Very good." Jenna said. "You know, you seem to enjoy showing your body. Do you really like showing off David?"
"I enjoy my job." I confidently said, but still with a nervous smile.
"Would you like to show us even more?" Jenna asked, reaching out her hand to touch my bare shoulder. Her fingers felt extremely warm on my skin, but I shivered as if they were cold as ice. It was indeed a warm shiver though from where she touched me.
Then she moved in front of me and proceeded to undo the last three buttons on her blouse. She placed her hands on my shoulders and leaned towards me. I now had a clear view of her generous breasts, encased in a lacy white bra, giving me enough of a thrill to raise just my heart rate alone.
Before I knew it, uncontrollably, my erection began stretching to length down the leg of my boxers.
"Oh my." she said as she looked down. "How much bigger are you going to get young man?"
*****
"Quick Jenna, get out of the way, no fair you get all the fun." My little sis Vi, yelled out.
Jenna stepped to the side.
"Damn! It's huge." Amanda said.
"Oh my, he is one hung college boy!" Dee commented.
I looked around the room at all the faces, feeling both shock and anticipation at the same time.
Then our resident loud mouth in the chair, blurted out her own comment or rather request, "Please, David, can we see it?" Shellie asked.
"What?" I heard David quietly return the question.
"Yea, can't we see what that thing is under those boxers? I mean I haven't seen one on a young man in so very long." My baby sis added another of her two cents worth.
"Well, David," Jenna eased up beside our young model and once again put her hand on his bare shoulder, "would you mind showing us just how roomy those boxers are. Please."
I looked up into David's face. His eyes seemed to glaze over, but I also swear I could see a slight grin on his lips. Maybe it was just the alcohol in my system. Maybe I wanted to see what was under those boxers just a little closer, too.
"I wouldn't be comfortable doing that." David finally said somewhat meekly.
"We can practically see it through those skimpy boxers already, what's wrong with a quick peek of the real thing?" Jenna pleaded as her hand slid down his back.
"Yeah David, it's driving me crazy trying to think how big that thing of yours must be, show us please." Vi begged.
"Do you masturbate a lot back in the dorm, David?" Mac suddenly asked.
Out came that question followed with a reactive question from our young man. "What?" David said.
"It's no big deal. I masturbate all the time. All the girls here masturbate too." Mac said. "Don't you girls?"
"Well, I don't like to admit it, but even as much as I get from Mikey, I still do myself often enough." Vi admitted.
*****
I couldn't believe what I was hearing as I stood there still grow a bigger bulge in these fancy boxers.
"Take off those boxers you naughty boy." I heard the voice on the other side of the room call out. It was Shellie.
"Hurry up! We don't have all night, young man!" Jenna as much as commanded.
I just reacted at this point. I found myself, not saying a word, and reaching for the waistband on the boxers. I slowly pushed them down. As they went past my thighs, gravity pulled them the rest of the way to the floor and they fell at my ankles. Now completely nude, all the women had the opportunity to look me over from top to bottom, each pair of eyes seemingly in turn stopping at my crotch.
"My, what a nice thingy you have there." Dee commented with a bit of an excited squeal.
"And does it get any harder?" Violet nearly screamed the question at me.
*****
I'm sure I wasn't the only one that had noticed his sizeable bulge beneath the loose fabric of the boxers. I took my gaze away for a moment and confirmed this point. All the female eyes in the room were so obviously averted below his waist.
"My, my, David, I think you better take your boxers off before you have an accident in them." Vi said to our male model, and then she turned to me. "Oh my, Miss Mathews, your pupil's thingy keeps getting bigger and bigger."
"Well, indeed, girls," Jenna spoke matter-of-factly, "David has developed somewhat of an erection. I think maybe we should begin Anatomy class now. What do you all think?"
"Oh Mrs. Caldwell is that what you would call just 'somewhat of one'?" My naughty sister countered. "If I do say so myself, and I dare say I'm not a teacher, but as a red-blooded horny woman, I'd say that one is pretty impressive to me!"
The women let out, including me, a raucous laughter at that.
Then all of a sudden, I hear someone yell out, "Take it off!"
Before I know it, everyone was chiming in with calls and applause, yelling "Take it off, take it off, take it off," like we were at some sporting event.
I had my hand to my mouth.
I didn't know what to do. Part of me didn't really want to do anything like this, especially with a former student of mine. A small part of me was really very, embarrassed. But, these were my good friends. Besides, at this point, another part of me truly wanted the show to go on. I heard the chant in my head and then felt it resonate throughout the special parts of my body.
I knew then I wanted this to happen.
We watched David pull down his underwear and let them stretch down around his thighs and finally fall to his ankles.
I gasped as David's manhood sprang free. I don't know what I was expecting. It's not like I hadn't seen a penis or two in my lifetime. But David's, well, it truly had to be one of the largest and straightest I had ever seen. Why I noticed the latter I don't know, except that it just was and at the moment it seemed to be pointed straight at me.
Amanda and Dee both let out shrieking squeals at the sight of David's cock, which stood bouncing impressively between his thighs.
"Holy crap!" Jenna practically yelled.
"Wow!" Mac exhaled.
"David, I can't believe you are so big." Shellie said.
"So damn sexy I'd say." Dee said.
All seven of us had our own personal reactions to David standing naked in front of us. Even Lisa our sales person reacted by nearly shoving her fist into her mouth and her eyes opened as wide as saucers behind those thick glasses of hers. I don't know about my fellow teacher girlfriends, but I was trying to be a good teacher myself and study David as I would have studied Human Anatomy back in college. Only problem was, my body was beginning to react as if I really was that coed back in college.
David stood there now, totally naked, with the biggest example of manhood I had ever laid eyes on. Truthfully, I had never seen a penis that large. My jaw had to have dropped in sheer amazement of his male equipment.
"Shellie, Jenna, look at it," Violet said. "It's still getting harder."
"Oh my God," I unconsciously exclaimed.
"I think the general consensus among the women here David is that you are significantly more endowed than most men we've ever seen," Vi added.
"Well, how big is Mike?" Amanda inquired.
"Good lord Amanda! How can you ask a woman something like that about her husband?" Dee said, then turned and faced Violet. "But since we've all had plenty to drink, we girls can share. Come on Vi, dish for us, how big is that hunk of a hubby of yours?"
"I'll tell if you tell," Vi responded.
Amanda laughed. "I thought that was, 'if you show me yours, I'll show you mine."
"Oh be quiet," Dee said curtly, "Besides, if I showed you mine, you'd just be way too jealous."
"I think you've already had two too many tonight, dear girl," Amanda retorted.
Before Dee could answer that dig, I felt the need to chime in.
"Seriously though, Vi, just how big is my bro in law? Oh wait, that's right I already know." I winked at her and the other girls started laughing.
Vi interrupted the noisy group of ladies. "Okay, okay, she knows because I've told her; just had to brag on my Mikey to at least one person. Let me just say, I've never had anything to complain about in that department with Mikey. His manhood is big too." Vi paused and stared up at David's cock bobbing between his legs. She gulped hard. "But I do have to say this young man may be an inch or so longer than my hubby."
"I think we should measure him then," Shellie said aloud, as we watched David trying to cover his cock with both hands, but failing miserably as it seemed to continue to grow.
"Sure, why not." Jenna responded. "The rest of us got our measurements taken at the beginning of the night. Only fair again that he gets to be measured. Want the honors Lisa?" She turned to her.
Lisa still had her fist in her mouth, almost drooling over it by now. She didn't take her eyes off David's manhood as she shook her head 'no'.
"Okay, I'll do it then." Jenna said as she walked across the room and opened a drawer on her desk and pulled out a ruler.
*****
Suddenly Jenna was standing next to me with a ruler in her hand. She was holding it out like she was getting ready to make a point to her class tapping it into her palm.
"Now just how are you going to measure that big boy when he can't keep that monster still?" MacKenzie quipped.
"I really hate to impose on you young man, but this would be much easier if you kept him still." Jenna paused for a moment and then her ruler made contact with my member, and I felt it slide over it ever so slightly. "If you could just hold him down next to this ruler here it would make things much easier."
"Why should that be so hard, if you don't mind the pun, to overcome young man? Huh?" Violet asked.
"Indeed." Amanda added. "It's not like he's naked in front of several horny and hot women doing nothing but focusing on his big cock."
Suddenly again, part of me felt like this had already gone way too far. One part of my brain told me to politely tell Mrs. Caldwell I had not signed up for this and get dressed and go home. But with my manhood on display and now almost fully erect, I was starting to think more with it than with my brain. I was a genuine male too aroused to think very logically.
I stood there in a dazed state as she positioned the ruler next to my erect cock. She then took the ruler and pushed it beside the base of my shaft, holding the ruler parallel to the floor.
"Now line up your cock against it," Jenna demanded.
Without thinking, I listened to Jenna's teacher tone of voice and immediately did as I was told.
"Here stud, put the end of the ruler at the base of your cock. Push it against the shaft." Jenna instructed.
I pulled my erection down so it aligned with the ruler and was also parallel to the floor.
*****
David did as he was told. As he pushed his cock down and up against the wood ruler, Jenna's fingers held the other end. Even from where I sat, I could see the head of his penis swell even more and creep up the flat wooden surface it pressed against.
"Oh my God!" Jenna yelped looking down at where David's penis ended up.
"What? How big Jenna?" Violet asked impatiently.
"Nine and a quarter inches." She stated.
My wide eyes stared across at young David's hard rod stretched across the side of the ruler.
"Wait." Jenna said looking down at the ruler and David's fully erect cock.
"What? What's the matter Jenna?" Shellie asked.
"He just grew another quarter inch in my hand," She chuckled. "He's a very manly nine and a half inches now." "How do you get all that luscious manhood inside your jeans when you get dressed for class, baby?" Vi teased.
David didn't reply. The further reddening of his cute cheeks further exposed his embarrassment. Only however embarrassed he may have been, he must have been enjoying all this attention, as his cock remained stiff as an iron rod.
*****
Jenna bent down trying to read the measurement. Purposely or not it gave me an even better view of her breasts. In fact, she was bent over so far her breasts threatened to fall right out of her bra. I could already see all but her actual nipples as the dark half circles of her areolas filled my gaze.
As I pushed my cock against the ruler I knew it stiffened a little more. Then when Jenna pressed the ruler to me and my cock head met her fingertips it made one more stretch. I looked down at myself displayed against the flat wood and I could see the head of my penis up the little black imprinted dashes...past the '9', then a few more...
At that moment, consciously or not, I jutted my hips forward.
"Wait." Jenna said looking down at the ruler and my fully erect cock.
"What? What's the matter Jenna?" Shellie asked.
"He just grew another quarter inch," Jenna chuckled as I saw myself my head swelling just past the half inch line. "He's a very manly nine and a half inches now."
"I'd say that is nearly a man and a half!" Shellie blurted out.
"Speak for your own man deary." Vi exclaimed.
I couldn't believe what was happening. I knew this was much more than I had bargained for in a job; even if it did pay so well. But then again, I was also feeling a rush like I had never felt before. Being fully exposed to all these women brought a whole new dimension to my showing off my body. Okay I admit I liked how I looked and now I was amazed at how women, mature women, could get excited over me.
"Now David, before any of the girls can finish placing their orders we need to have some more fun." Jenna said. Her right hand suddenly grabbed my erect cock and her left hand slipped under my smooth balls. She held them still for a minute, before saying, "I think the girls would be more generous if you were to jerk yourself off for us."
"What?" I protested, pushing Jenna's hands away from my now nearly hardened cock. "Geez! You women are all crazy or drunk, or both. I am not going to, you know, do that."
"Of course, you could always just go in the bathroom and, you know, take care of it and then finish modeling the other boxers," she said. "But everybody masturbates David, what would be so bad about relieving yourself right there in front of us – I bet they'd love it!"
Shellie interjected, "I grew up with three brothers and I wasn't embarrassed at all running around half-naked in front of them. But I can't imagined what its like standing there now, like David is, in front of a room full of women, dressed only in his boxers. I'm blushing for him." She was indeed I saw.
As Shellie and I grinned at one another I sensed Jenna come walking back up to me. I also saw she was carrying something else in her hand this time it was a bottle of hand lotion! She walked up beside me and popped the top on the bottle. She stared me in the eye, turned the bottle upside down and squeezed. Before I could look down, I felt the cool dollops of lotion splatter onto my cock head and stream down its length.
"Here, hold out your hand." Jenna said. She put the bottle over my left hand and filled my palm with still more lotion.
This had to be a dream. I could see the women yelling, but couldn't hear them. I was looking from them to my hand and manhood all covered in pink lotion. I realized they were all cheering me on. Here I was totally naked in front of seven women with a raging hard on.
"I thought maybe you could use lubrication."
I stood there frozen, my big rod in my hand, Jenna's generous lubrication running down its length.
"Well? I got it all ready for you. Do it!" Jenna chided.
Before I knew what was happening I felt another cool squirt of lotion on the head of my cock.
"There you go young man, go for it now." Jenna smiled at me and backed up watching me.
*****
His fingers went to his manhood and he started slowly stroking himself.
"You really are a handsome thing," I heard Jenna say just above a whisper.
"Your cock is simply beautiful," I heard another voice say as the din of crazed females died down. Of course it was Violet.
Then our eyes met his. I started into his deep blue eyes until I saw him almost unconsciously grip himself tighter and run his fist from top to bottom of his hard lotion covered cock.
*****
Looking at Ms. Mathews looking back at me I unconsciously found myself reaching down for my lotion covered hard-on. It was cold and slippery at first, but as I started stroking myself it quickly warmed up. As I massaged my manhood I also noticed how quiet the room became. I looked around and saw that all of their eyes were glued on me or rather my manhood held in my left hand.
"That looks like so much fun," said Violet, "I might just have to go home right now and get out my bottle of baby oil. Mikey loves it when grease him up and stroke him off real slow. You should see the cum I can pull out of him like that."
"Baby oil! I love using baby oil on Jim." Shellie squealed as she rearranged herself in her chair.
I couldn't believe what I was doing. I couldn't believe what I was doing in front of these ladies. But I knew it was real when I felt my own warm hand slide up my thickened shaft and the fingers wrap up around just under the crown.
Suddenly embarrassment was the last thing on my mind. It now felt more than good to be jerking off like this in front of so many beautiful women.
"Look at how big and stiff you are, David!" Shellie cooed, rubbing her palms down the front of her skirt. "You must like doing it for us after all!"
*****
We all watched as David started stroking himself slowly.
"My God, that thing is big around," Dee commented. "He has to have awful big hands to get a grip on that thing." She looked down at her own hands. "I doubt if both my hands together could get enough of a grip to do him any good."
"It's enough!" Amanda commented, as she leaned forward to watch him masturbate.
I actually felt embarrassed at the thought of what was about to happen. Not that I hadn't seen a guy's penis before, although it had been some time since I had. Rather, I just knew that there would be nothing sexual about this for me, I was going to get it out of my head that I was about to see a former student of mine now standing before me as an undressed man. The thought made my heart race. But it was a feeling down much deeper that was soon to betray my real feelings.
Before I knew it the rest of girls had positioned themselves leaning forward off the couch and chairs almost forming a closed in semicircle as he began to stroke his cock in earnest. I found myself drawn to him, it, and leaned up in my seat, resting my elbows on my thighs, intently observing his every motion.
"I watched my brother jerk off once," Amanda said to him as her eyes followed the up and down motion of his hand, "but he was only seventeen at the time and nowhere as big as you now."
"Damn!" she said. "You watched your own brother do it?"
Amanda laughed. "Yea, he knew I was a lez long before anyone else in my family did. He got a kick out of doing it in front of me. But I sure like the way David does it better. Blake was always overly horny and in a hurry. David seems to enjoy it a lot more and does it nice and slow."
"I want to know how far he can make that thing shoot. How about it David? How far can you shoot that big gun?" Dee suddenly asked.
You could see David contemplate the question a moment, but he never released his hand from his cock. His cock seemed to grow longer and harder with each stroke. He was really turned on jacking off for so many still dressed women.
He responded to Dee's question, "Well, I've never had a tape measure to be able to tell. I have been known to lie in bed and make it squirt up over my shoulder and against the headboard."
All us girls all let out a collective sigh at the thought of that sight.
"Really?" Jenna asked. "Why do you think about that, ladies?"
"I don't know Jen, but this is great!" Vi said, slapping her hands down on her bare thighs. "This was such a cool idea, girl."
"I wish my husband could be like that," Jenna sighed.
"Oh come on Jen, Tim's got be a hell of a lover," Vi protested.
"Oh, he's hot enough," Jenna said, "but I've never seen him do that. He'd never do that for me."
"And I suppose you'd like for him to do that instead of doing oral on you, huh?" Shellie questioned.
"No, nothing that drastic," Jenna admitted. "I'd just like for him to do himself for me once. He does just about everything else in our bed."
"Jenna!" I said sharply.
Jenna shrugged her shoulders. "My gosh, Reese, don't have a cow. I'm just saying, this is so hot watching a man do himself like this. Don't you think?"
It was with that question, as I watched David stroking himself with his eyes closed now that I remembered just how I used to love watching a man ejaculate. It had been so very long since I had though. But the warm feelings came rushing back to me as I felt my panties grow warm and damp. I closed my legs together and rubbed my thighs against one other.
*****
I closed my eyes as I felt the warm sensation of an intense ejaculation coming on.
Then I heard Jenna's voice once again, "That's a good pupil; now give us a nice big load of your grown man-cum."
"Yeah! Come on stud make it shoot. We're all ready, David."
While I was concentrating on pleasuring myself for these ladies I looked up to see my newest friends enjoying my proud manhood standing tall before them all.
I heard Amanda whisper to Dee, "He has a beautiful penis."
"No, dear," Dee responded, "he has one hell of a gorgeous cock. I love how straight it is and how the veins bulge out underneath."
"Come on David, show us how you really pleasure yourself," Violet prompted me.
It felt so good! It was also a tremendous turn-on not only to be masturbating in front of all these lovely women, but to have a latent fantasy come true, being naked and doing this in front of some many women. I can't say the thought had not passed through my mind in all the previous parties I'd performed at, but I seriously thought it would not happen. I didn't think I had the nerve to do it.
But here I was...
"God that must feel so good," Jenna gasped as I rubbed some of the pre-cum mixed with the pink lotion over the tip of my penis.
"Oh yeah, rub that big cock for us. Make it all teased up so you can make all that hot cum shoot out for me, I mean us!" Dee excitedly stammered.
Still more pre-cum leaked out and I smeared it over my thick head. Now, I imagined how I had done this in my fantasies in front of Ms. Mathews in her classroom all these years. I began jerking off more firmly and steadily.
"Cum for us David!" I heard Shellie yell. When I looked over I saw where she had pulled aside the crotch of her panties under her skirt. I don't think anyone else noticed, but I was strangely amazed at the sight of the strawberry blonde bush between her legs. I had never seen a girl with pubic hair that color. It was even very neatly trimmed.
I could feel myself building fast. I sucked in my lip and took a deep breath.
I heard Dee exclaim, "Oh God, look, here it cums!"
"Yes, I can see it!" Amanda yelled.
My teeth clenched and I grunted in a futile attempt to hold back. Suddenly, my hips began to buck as if I was not in my body anymore. My mind's eye went back several years. I was in a classroom again. My teacher was up front looking at me. I was so hard for her, I was so close, so close to cumming, then...I opened my eyes and stared right at her. I saw Ms. Mathews sitting on the love seat watching me masturbate. Only, all I wanted to do at that very moment was take Ms. Mathews, right there, in front of all the other women, in front of the other teachers. I wanted to hold her close, kiss her, and kiss her deeply as all the others watched.
"Cum David, yes let us see that big load," I heard Jenna's voice call out as I closed my eyes rolled up in my head.
And then it happened...the tension climaxed within me...
*****
I looked around and was certain at least Amanda, Vi and Shellie were also intently taking in that huge shaft being worked wonderfully in those powerful looking hands of David's. All of us had a good vantage point as we watched the young stud standing there under the track lighting illuminating the shiny lotion covered cock in his big hand. He stood there masturbating himself as the gooey lotion and no doubt sticky pre-cum squished between his long fingers.
"Yeah baby!" I heard Dee cry out from the couch. "Jerk it off!"
"Oh, he's cumming!" I finally heard the words escape my own throat as I watched the first thick spurt of David's cum shoot in a high arc and splash on the glass top of the cocktail table in front of us all.
I watched as if in slow motion as the cum shot out from his cock. All the girls squealed and yelped as one spurt after another flew from the end of his greased up cock and between his fingers.
"Awesome!" Amanda yelled. "I'd give him straight A's if I was his teacher."
"Damn, David." Violet exclaimed. "You are one hell of a cum-stud."
"Cum-stud! Shit. I think he's got more cum in that big cock of his than any three men." Dee leaned forward looking at where at least the first two or three ejaculations had puddle on the glass table. "Are you sure you haven't jerked off in front of a bunch of horny-ass women before?"
"No, I'm sure," David answered trying to catch his breath, to which we all had a good laugh.
"Oh, I love this!" Dee giggled. "How do you get so much cum to come out of that tiny little hole?"
"Well, I don't know about your experiences girls, but for my husband to cum like that, which by the way I'm not sure I've seen Mikey cum that much ever, but if I were to it would be because he had not had an orgasm in a long time." Violet shifted in her seat. "That and if I'd teased him half the night. Only then would you get a cumshot like that."
...read Part 2 next for the rest of the 'show'