Crystal came out of the tack room and headed across the barn toward the watering trough just outside the main door. Her damp shirt was unbuttoned and she flapped it open and closed to circulate some cool air. It had to be one hundred in the barn and hotter than that in the tack room and it wasn't even noon yet. She was sweating her ass off.
At the door of the barn, she whipped the shirt off and hung it on a nail. Her breasts were slippery with sweat as she ran her hands over them. She glanced over at the bunkhouse and then down toward the main house. There was no one here at the main compound but her today. Her parents and brother had left early for the weekly trip to town. Curly, the foreman was out checking the windmills and waterhole's.
With a grin, she wiggled out of her cutoff jeans and hung them on another nail. Her ass was as slippery as her breasts, especially between the cheeks. Her fingers explored deeper until one of them bushed her anus. Her hips gave a little jerk and she took a hissing breath. She loved how sensitive her asshole was. It always gave her a thrill when she played with it. Out here in the open, even more so.
She teased her asshole with one finger while the other hand came around to caress her slick hairless mound and then down across her puffy outer lips. She took a half step to the side and shivered as her fingertip found her clit. Being naked here in the compound always made her hornier than normal. The heat seemed to add to it.
Her hips rocked back and forth several times before she moved her hands away from her sex and ass. An orgasm now would be nice but.... Crystal sighed as she turned toward the old wooden horse trough. It was six feet long, three feet wide, and three feet deep. When she was little, she actually learned the basics of swimming in it.
There was a two by six nailed across one corner. She had used it way back when for a diving platform. Now she sat down on it with her back toward the water. Her legs were spread wide by the corner. She grinned and reached back to dip up water and drizzle it across her breasts. The trough was in the shade so the water felt cool as it ran down her body.
She scooped up more water and dribbled it on her chest. She shivered as she thought of climbing in the trough. With a grin, she reached down and pulled her boot and sock off. A moment later, she had the second boot off. She turned and lowered her feet into the water. It wasn't cold but it sure was cool against her hot body.
Standing up, she waded to the center of the trough. As she squatted down, she placed a hand on each edge of the tank. The water touched her ass and sex. She shivered. It felt cold on her pussy. Slowly she sat down. The bottom was slippery and the water cooler feeling. The water was over her breasts as she scooted back against the end of the trough.
With a soft sigh, she leaned back and stretched out her legs. Much better, she thought as she sighed again. Her hands went to her breasts and caressed them as she looked around. She grinned at the picture her mind showed her of herself sitting in the trough with just her cowboy hat on.
"Talk about your Kodak moments," she said still grinning.
She leaned her head back against the edge of the trough and shivered as her fingers pinched and rolled her nipples. Her eyes slowly closed as she went back to caressing her breasts. It wasn't long until her right hand wandered down across her belly to cup her sex. Her feet moved out against the sides of the tank as her middle finger traced her slit. It was warm and slippery.
Crystal teased her hot opening and then moved her finger up to roll her clit around. She whimpered softly and returned her finger to her opening. She stirred her finger around in circles as she pushed it in to the second knuckle. Her hips quivered as she did and gave a little jerk as the fingers on her left hand brushed across her clit.
"No, no, not so fast," she said aloud and moved her left hand back to her breasts.
She had a smile on her face as she worked her finger in and out of her sex slowly. "I've got all day to build things up," she whispered.
"All day to build what things up?" She heard her brother's voice ask from behind her.
Crystal jerked her finger out of her pussy as her head snapped around. Gary, her brother was standing about ten feet away. "What... what are you doing here? Are mom and dad home?"
"Nope, they left early and I slept in. I was supposed to help you with cleaning the tack and tack room but...." He paused to grin as he walked a few steps closer, his eyes on the shorts and shirt hanging on the wall. "Interesting place to go skinny dipping."
"It was hotter than hell in the tack room," Crystal said and then added as her brother took another step. "Stay the hell over there."
"And you're going to make me how?" He asked as he took another step.
Crystal bit her lower lip. Gary had played football his last two years of high school and helped with loading the hay the last four years. He was bigger and stronger than she was. "Good question," she admitted. "If I said please, would that help?"
Gary laughed. ""Probably not. I haven't seen you skinny dipping since I was like five and you were eight."
"Uh, there's been a few changes since then," Crystal said and then sighed as Gary took another step. He was about four feet away and she knew he could see into the trough.
"I can see a couple of them." Crystal used her hands to cover her breasts and Gary laughed. "Too late for that now."
"Why don't you go back to the house or at least turn around so I can get out of here and get dressed."
"Where's the enjoyment in that? With you going to college three or four days a week, I can't have any fun anymore."
Living at home was the only way Crystal's mom and dad could afford for her to go to college. The drive to town wasn't bad but the college was on the other side and traffic was never easy. The only way across town was right down the middle. It was a major highway and traffic always stacked up.
Gary took another step, his eyes running up and down the shadowy figure of his sister's body. "Not bad, not bad at all. A little skinny for my usual tastes but...."
Crystal chuckled. "Mary Beth or Annie Richards?" Both were girls she knew her brother had dated. Both were on the plump side.
"Hey now, don't knock the ladies. They're both built for comfort, not speed. Anyway, they've both got breasts two or three times as big as yours."
Crystal laughed. "So that's what the extra ballast is for, to keep them from falling over on their faces."
Gary chuckled. "I can live with that as long as they don't get on top."
"Why don't you go work on the tack room while I get out of here," Crystal said.
"Aren't you going to finish what you had started?"
Crystal did a little double take at her brother and asked, "What are you talking about?"
"You were masturbating right," he said as he took another step forward. He was right next to the trough. "That's what you were building up, an orgasm or two."
Crystal felt her face get hot. Not because of the masturbation part but the who that was talking about it. "That is none of your business," she said quickly.
Cary shrugged and walked to the far end of the trough and turned to put his foot up on the edge. His view from this position was good enough that he could see that there wasn't any dark hair on his sister's mound. He played with the laces on his tennis shoe. "Maybe I should join you. That water looks cool and inviting."
"I don't think so," Crystal said. She suddenly realized where her brother's eyes were and closed her legs quickly.
Seeing his sister jerk her legs shut, Gary whipped his t-shirt off over his head. He spent a little time looking for a loose nail on the barn wall. He found one and hung the t-shirt up. "Annie shaves her pussy," he said a moment later. "She say's it makes everything feel twice as good. Is that true?"
Crystal felt her face get hot again. Again it wasn't so much the subject but who was asking and the fact that he was looking at her naked body. The clear water wasn't much in the way of cover. Her eyes wandered over his chest, arms, and belly. He didn't have a six pack but it was close. With a shiver she said, "It feels cleaner, cooler, and yeah, more sensitive shaved."
Gary nodded as he untied his shoe lace. He grinned as he put that foot down and lifted the other one to the edge of the tank. He untied that lace and looked at his sister's face. The shorts he had on were shorter than his normal ones. These didn't quite come to mid thigh.
With his leg up this way, the leg opening was pointed straight at his sister's face and he knew his hard dick was showing. Her eyes were on the legs opening. He grinned and said, "I know I like it shave better. No hair in my mouth, if you know what I mean."
Crystal's eyes jumped to her brother's face. Seeing the head of his dick sticking out the leg of those shorts had made her pussy clench up. Add to that the fact that her brother ate pussy and.... She shivered and nodded her head. Her love life was nonexistent, if you didn't count her fingers. Her only boyfriend had gone to State college and to make a long story short, had a new girlfriend.
Gary watched a string of emotions and expressions cross his sister's face. Some he recognized and some he didn't. Women were such a mystery and scary at times. He knew he shouldn't tease and torment his sister so much but that's what little brothers did. Then something clicked and he asked, "Who are you dating?"
Crystal blinked a couple of times. Her mind had been on her ex boyfriend and the times they had made love in the front seat of his truck or on that old sleeping bag he kept behind the seat. Her brother wasn't grinning or smiling even, so it must be a serious question and not another dig at her. Before she could stop it, her hand came up out of the water and her fingers wiggled.
"I... uh... that's not good," her brother said as he put his foot on the ground.
"Yes and no," Crystal said with a grin. "My hand knows what I like and how I like it and it doesn't fall asleep on me."
Gary chuckled. "Richard always was an idiot."
At the mention of her ex boyfriends name, Crystal frowned. "Water under the bridge," she said as she lowered her hand.
Gary shook his head and started to walk along the side of the trough. "I'll get started on the tack. Come on in when you're ready."
Crystal gave her brother a funny look. "What's going on?" She asked.
Gary stopped and looked down at her. "I think I'm growing up," he replied and then chuckled. "Anyway, finding you skinny dipping in the horse trough is good blackmail material."
Crystal splashed water at him but she was smiling as she did so. Gary laughed and went on into the barn. "Blackmail your ass," she said and then grinned. If he wanted blackmail material, maybe she should give him some. Blackmail could be a two edged sword.
Her hands came up to caress and massage her breasts. Her mind was toying with the idea of getting out of the trough and going into the barn naked except for her hat and boots. She wondered at her brothers reaction, not to mention her own. It was broad daylight. She had been naked with Richard but it had always been night time.
Crystal shivered as she put her hands on the side of the trough and stood up. The light breeze had been hot earlier but now it felt cool on her wet skin. She turned around and waded to the corner and leaned out to look in the barn. Her brother wasn't in sight. She shivered and climbed up to sit on the corner board.
Her feet were wet so she reached up to get her shirt. She could barely reach it and it took a couple of flips of her wrist to get it off the nail. She leaned over and looked in the barn again as she dried her feet. She wasn't sure if she was relieved or disappointed that her brother wasn't in sight. She shivered as she laid her shirt across her lap and reached down for her socks.
Crystal had her boots on and stood up. She had the shirt in one hand as she moved closer to the barn door and looked inside. Her brother must be in the tack room, she thought as she started to put the shirt on. She stopped and shivered hard as the thought of running around the barn naked with her brother there streaked across her mind, no pun intended.
She slowly took the shirt off and hung it back on the nail by the door. Her heart was racing as she did. Did she have the nerve? Did she really want to do this? Why was she doing this? She didn't have a clear answer to the first but the second was yes. Her sex tightly clenching up was the answer to the third.
With a deep breath, she started inside the barn. A bridle hanging on a stall rail caught her attention and she changed directions to get it. She had it in one hand as she walked over to the tack room door. Her brother had his back to the door as he coiled up a rope.
Her boot made a noise as she stepped up onto the wooden tack room floor. Gary glanced around at the noise and then froze, his eyes wide and his mouth open. Crystal grinned and then moved across to the far wall to hang the bridal up. Her sex was clenched up tight enough to hurt from her brother's eyes.
She turned toward her brother once she had the bridle on the peg. Gary finally closed his mouth and then groaned softly. "It's much cooler in here this way," Crystal said as she pulled the lid off the feed can next to her. It was less than half full. "Two bags," she said mostly to herself and turned toward the door.
Gary groaned again as she step down and out the door. Crystal moved two forty pound bags of feed over to the doorway. Gary moved them over beside the feed can, opened them, and dumped them in. When he finished the second one, he turned around quickly.
Crystal had a number of chest straps and cinches piled on the table in front of her. She was sorting through them and putting worn ones aside. Gary stood there with his eyes running up and down her body. She was standing with most of her weight on her left foot which kicked her right hip out slightly.
Her ass was short and round at the bottom of each cheek, with a deep cleft up the middle. Her shoulders were pulled back and there was a deep indent running up the middle of her back. She might be skinnier than his norm but she looked sexy as hell. The hat and boots just added to it.
Crystal finished the sorting and turned her head to look over her shoulder. "Shouldn't you being doing something?"
Gary nodded and sighed. "I am doing something."
Crystal grinned as she gathered up the chinches and moved over to the nail they would hang from. "Looking at my ass isn't doing anything."
"There sure has been some changes," Gary said and shook his head. "The guys at that college must be all brain dead."
Crystal hung the last chinch up and turned toward her brother. "Not really. I've got better things to do than get hung up on a guy. Mom and dad are spending good money and I'm not about to waste it."
Gary's eyes darted from her face to her breasts and down to her sex. Crystal shivered and chewed on her bottom lip to stifle a moan. His eyes settled on her smallish breasts. They were fuller at the bottom and the puffy nipples were upturned and turned slightly outward. Gary licked his lips and said, "Your breasts are so much different than Mary Beth's or Annie's. It's the nipples more than anything."
Crystal grinned as her hands came up to caress her breasts. Her palms rubbing across her nipples made her take in a hissing breath. That and her brother watching her intently. "They are very, very sensitive to say the least. I can almost have an orgasm doing what I'm doing right now."
Gary groaned softly. "You're driving me crazy doing that."
Crystal's eyes dropped to the front of his shorts and the tent trying to rise in the left leg opening. "So I see," she said as she pinched one nipple and squeezed the other breast lightly.
"Doesn't pinching that nipple hurt. It looks so delicate."
Crystal rolled the nipple back and forth and then released it quickly. She took another hissing breath. "It burns and stings deliciously but it doesn't hurt."
The nipple she had pinched and rolled looked twice as big as the other one. "One is bigger than the other," Gary said and licked his lips.
Crystal shivered as she thought of a tongue on her nipples. She whimpered softly as she pinched and rolled the other nipple. When she released it, it was as big as the first one. "Teasing it, draws extra blood there and they get bigger. Didn't you notice that with those monster boobs you were playing with?"
"Uh, most of it took place in the dark," Gary confessed.
"Been there and done that with Richard."
"You and Richard—"
"Yes, me and Richard," Crystal said cutting her brother off. "Like you and Mary Beth or Annie."
"Uh... I.... Uh.... We...." Gary stammered and then blushed. "Uh... never... uh."
Crystal giggled before she could stop herself. Gary gave her a hard look. "Sorry," Crystal whispered. "So you're still a virgin."
Gary sighed and nodded. "Unless a blowjob counts."
"According to a certain President, it doesn't," Crystal said with a grin as she turned to gather up the chest straps.
Gary sighed and shook his head. "Yeah, right." He watched his sister as she hung up the straps. "How about you and Richard?"
Crystal finished with the straps and looked at her brother. "What about me and Richard."
"Well, did you?"
"Did I what?" Crystal asked with a grin. "Did I fuck Richard? That's for me and Richard to know and for you to speculate about."
"You are such a tease."
"Not until today," Crystal whispered and then looked around. "What else needs doing?"
"Talk about your loaded question," Gary said with a grin.
"I meant to get this place cleaned up."
Gary sighed. "I know what you meant. With you naked, my mind is not on the business at hand."
Crystal looked her brother up and down. "I'm surprised you haven't joined me in being naked."
"That would be dangerous for both of us."
Crystal chewed on her bottom lip for a few seconds. "Probably."
Gary gave a shivering shake as he turned toward the cabinet on the far wall. "Definitely," he whispered as he opened the cabinet door. He rearranged several items and then turned to toss his sister a round tin and a brush. "Dad's saddle looks a little dry and so does that bridal you brought in."
The round tin was saddle soap. Crystal nodded as she moved over to the saddle rack in the back corner. She sat the tin and brush on the corner of the bench as she moved the rack and saddle out toward the middle of the room. Her brother got the bridle and carried it over to the bench.
"Are there any clean rags," Crystal asked as she opened the tin.
Gary pulled a metal trashcan out from under the bench and opened it. It was half full of rags. He pulled a couple out and tossed them on the bench. He slid the trashcan back under the bench.
"Water," she said as he headed for the door.
A small metal bucket sat just inside the door. He picked it up and turned to go get water. He paused and looked at his sister. "I'll bring our clothes inside. I'd hate for mom and dad to show up early and see them."
Crystal grinned. "Talk about a flag in front of a bull."
"I have an idea mom would be worse than dad."
"That's who I was talking about," Crystal replied and then grinned. "Mom and dad get more than their share around here believe me."
Gary gave his sister a funny look. "And how do you know this?"
"I've caught them more than once, although they didn't see me. They were too busy shall we say."
"Caught them? Caught them doing what and where?"
"Twice, right here in the barn and twice on the tractor during hay season."
"The, uh, barn I might believe but on the tractor? Anyway, I was out there for all the baling and loading."
"You weren't there for the cutting and raking. Mom was straddling dad's lap one time and sitting on his lap another time."
Gary looked confused and asked, "How did you see them on the tractor in the middle of a hay field without them seeing you?"
Crystal grinned. "I was in the hay loft with my binoculars."
"Hay loft? Binoculars? What were you doing up there with those?"
"I like to watch the deer, squirrels, and other animals and birds. I've seen all kinds of stuff from up there."
Gary's eyes narrowed. "Like me and Mary Beth parked on the old road that runs through the woods?"
"Nope, I missed all that but I have seen you and someone else walking naked up and down it."
"Oh shit, you saw me and Karen?"
Crystal chuckled. "Yeah, you and cousin Karen. Also Karen by herself and with her sister. Jenny is delicious naked." Their cousins lived down the road, on the other side of the woods. Their mother's sister and her husband lived there.
Gary groaned. "Tell me about it. Not that Karen ain't good in her own way."
Crystal laughed. "You and big tits."
Gary's eyes went to his sister's small breasts. "The more I watch you move, the more I'm rethinking size. Jenny's breasts are about the same as yours and they look so tempting. I'd bet they were more sensitive than her sister's."
"From what I could tell, they seemed to be about equal. Although, Jenny did get off much quicker than Karen."
Gary's eyes went wide. "Get off? What do you mean they got off? With who?"
Crystal grinned and whispered, "With each other."
Gary's eyes went wide again. "You... you saw them going at it?"
Crystal laughed. "Not from the hay loft but I did follow them every time I saw them with a blanket."
Gary groaned. "Where were they going?"
"You know that clearing down by the old pond?"
"Well yeah, I've skinny dipped there several times."
Crystal grinned at her brother. "Yeah and not alone several times."
"You followed me and Mary Beth?"
Crystal laughed and nodded. "Several times."
Gary groaned and shivered as he remembered the blowjob Mary Beth had given him one afternoon. "You... uh... didn't happen to see me and Mary Beth... uh... one afternoon?"
Crystal looked at her brother sharply and then grinned. "No, I didn't see her give you a blowjob, if that's what you're asking but it would have been interest to say the least."
"Yeah, it was," Gary whispered with a faraway look in his eyes. A moment later, he shivered and looked at his sister. "I'd give anything to watch Karen and Jenny going at it."
"How about joining them?" Crystal asked. "Who better to teach you how to eat pussy than two gals with experience."
Gary groaned. "Yeah, like that would ever happen."
"You eating pussy or them teaching you?"
"I tried the first one. That's how I ended up with the blowjob from Mary Beth."
Crystal laughed and then shook her head. "Sorry, I shouldn't laugh."
"What are you laughing at?" Her brother asked hotly.
"Did you have any idea what you were doing?"
Gary frowned and opened his mouth to say he did and then closed it. He shook his head and whispered, "I didn't have a clue. I was faking it from the get go."
"If you had, you would have gotten a whole lot more than a blowjob."
Gary groaned softly and then looked at his sister sharply. "And how do you know this?"
"There is an old saying about giving as good as you get and it sure applies to sex believe me."
"Uh huh," Gary said and grinned. "Who gave it to you so good?"
"It sure as hell wasn't Richard when it comes to oral sex."
Gary's eyes grew wide and his mouth dropped open. "If not Richard, then who?" His eyes grew even wider and he groaned loudly. "Karen and or Jenny?"
Crystal laughed. "I'll never tell."
"Hey, I'm supposed to tease you not the other way around," Gary protested.
"I'm standing here naked and you have your shorts on, so I guess the teasing is equal. By the way, flashing your dick from the leg of those shorts was a good one."
"I figured since I could more or less see yours, I should, uh, return the favor."
Crystal chuckled. "Yeah right, that sounds good but it's total bullshit and we both know it. It was all for shock value."
Gary grinned as he stepped down into the barn. "You're smarter than you look."
Crystal was smiling as she watched her brother walk toward the horse trough. She would have to give Jenny a call later and set things up for him to learn to eat pussy. Gary sat the bucket down and went out to get his t-shirt. She shivered and whimpered softly as she thought of teaching him herself.
As he came back into sight, she groaned softly. "Probably not a good idea," she whispered as her hips rocked from side to side. She could feel the slip and slide of her inner and outer lips. "Maybe I could be Jenny's demonstration partner."
Gary filled the bucket with water and then took a moment to take off his shorts. Crystal groaned as his dick came loose from the shorts and snapped up against his belly. "Talk about your changes," she whispered, thinking back to their skinny dipping years ago.
His dick swayed from side to side as he walked toward the tack room. The head rubbed on his lower stomach and felt great. He could see his sister looking at him, a big grin on her face. He grinned back at her.
As he handed her the bucket of water, she said, "It looks like we're living dangerously."
"Just don't bend over to close in front of me and we should be safe," he replied with a nervous laugh.
Crystal's eyes dropped to his hard dick and a big shiver ran up and down her spine as a vision of his dick ramming deep into her pussy crossed her mind. "I... uh... don't think so," she whispered quickly.
"You don't like sex from behind?" Gary asked.
Crystal grinned and replied, "I didn't say that."
"Then what would be the problem, I mean besides you being my sister."
Crystal turned and sat the bucket on the workbench. She picked up the saddle soap and brush and moved around to the far side of her dad's saddle. She leaned over and dipped the brush in the water. As she worked the brush into the saddle soap, she said, "Size."
Gary's eyebrows went up as he stepped up into the tack room. "I'm bigger than anything you've ever had," he said softly.
"By far," Crystal replied.
"Mary Beth had the same reaction when she gave me the blowjob. Not to mention comments of the same nature by Jenny and Karen." He paused and looked thoughtful for a few seconds. "Annie is the only one who never mentioned the size thing."
Crystal was working the saddle soap into the dark spots on the saddle. "Maybe she knows someone with a bigger one or one the same size."
Gary was watching his sister's breasts move as she worked the brush with a circular motion. He looked at her ass. He couldn't see much of it but what he did see was moving in circles to match her hand. He grinned and whispered, "Pencil sharpener."
When Crystal looked at him with a questioning look, he said, "Ever watch someone sharpening a pencil in one of those wall mounted mechanical sharpeners? Their hand goes around and so does their ass."
Crystal chuckled. "No, I'm not turning around so you can see better. You can't be trusted behind me, remember."
"Hey now, just don't back up and everything will be fine," Gary shot back with a leering grin.
Crystal eyed her brother and then her eyes dropped to his
dick. "Uh huh, if you say so," she whispered and then laughed. "Nope, I ain't buying it."
Cary looked at his sister and then looked at the saddle on the stand. A vision of her draped over the saddle made him groan softly. His eyes went to his sister's face and he groaned again. She was grinning at him broadly. Slowly, she leaned forward until her stomach touched the saddle. Her eyes never left her brother's face.
"Yeah, exactly," he whispered a few seconds later.
Crystal straightened up and sighed. "Richard and I tried it on horseback once."
Her brother groaned as a picture of his sister wearing only her hat and boots on the back of a horse crossed his mind. "Uh, how did that work out?" He asked to clear his head of the vision.
Crystal shrugged. "Sitting on him with my back toward him didn't work very well but facing him was a little better."
"I take it, a little better wasn't all that great."
Crystal shivered. "It was interesting being naked out in the open in broad daylight but it just didn't hit the right spots, shall we say."
Gary nodded as he picked up a rag and wet a corner of it. He rubbed the wet cloth on the saddle soap and picked up the bridle. As he started to rub the leather straps, he said, "Not enough length to reach the good spots, you mean."
"Not what I had always fantasized it to be," came her reply.
Gary nodded again. "So far, reality has pretty much matched my fantasies."
Crystal chuckled. "Even cleaning the tack room naked with your sister?"
"Not a fantasy that had ever come up until today," he replied.
Crystal stopped working the saddle soap into her dad's saddle and looked at her brother. "I'm not sure if I'm relieved you haven't fantasized about me or...."
Gary laughing stopped his sister from speaking. "I never said I hadn't fantasized about you. I just never fantasized about cleaning this place with us naked."
"Ah," Crystal said and then grinned. "What were you fantasizing about?"
"The usual stuff farm guys fantasize about. The hayloft, you naked on horseback, on the tractor, stuff like that."
"So how do I match up with those fantasizes?"
Gary groaned softly as he looked her body up and down. "Nowhere close and so much better," he whispered a moment later.
"I had an advantage with you since I had already seen you without a shirt," his sister confessed.
"All except the dick, right?"
Crystal laughed. "That was a shock but...." She let the sentence trail off and then shivered as she added, "I have seen dad naked and you do take after him."
Gary groaned softly. "I know mom and dad have sex but, uh, I'm not sure if seeing would be a good idea."
Crystal shivered again. "Mom has nice full breasts and a high round ass. She looks good bouncing up and down on dad's big dick," she whispered as she shifted her hips from side to side.
Gary chuckled. "What's the word I'm looking for?" He asked softly and then added, "Oh yeah, voyeur."
Crystal grinned. "That would be me."
"After today, I think you can add exhibitionist to the list."
Crystal rocked her hips from side to side and nodded. "So I've found out."
Gary grinned broadly. "Does that mean you're going to be naked around where I can see you more?"
Crystal's mind jumped to him watching Jenny eat her pussy and shivered hard. "Be careful what you wish for," she whispered without looking in his direction.
"Do what?" Her brother asked and then shook his head. "Where else besides the tack room and woods do you get naked?"
"My bedroom, the bathroom, the hayloft," she replied with a grin.
"You could accidentally not shut the door all the way on the first two," he said softly. "And maybe give me a heads up when you head for the hayloft."
"Mom and dad might have something to say if they caught you peeping at my door or the bathroom door."
"Uh, yeah, there is that problem," Gary said and sighed deeply. "A guy can always dream."
Crystal cocked her head to the side as she looked at her brother. "I figured you would be more interested in getting me alone in the hayloft."
Gary nodded. "Naked hide and seek could be fun but.... How often do you masturbate?"
Crystal's eyes grew wide and her mouth dropped open. Had her brother actually asked that question? With a big shiver she replied, "Uh, as often as I need to."
Gary laughed. "What the heck does that mean? I jack off at least twice a day."
"You must have more privacy than I do," Crystal whispered as her eyes dropped to her brother's big hard dick.
"If the fantasy is really good, it doesn't take long," he whispered as his hand dropped down toward his dick. He jerked it away and groaned softly. "Right now it wouldn't take anytime at all," he added as his eyes jumped back and forth between his sister's breasts, sex, and ass.
Crystal shifted her hips from side to side, feeling the tingle and itch in her sex as her inner lips rubbed her clit. "Tell me about it," she whispered a moment later.
"So the pussy eating lesson would be short and sweet, right?"
Crystal laughed. "About as short as a blowjob lesson would be."
Gary groaned and flexed his hips. "I, uh, have a feeling you don't need any of those."
"Hey now!" Crystal said quickly and then grinned. "Nope, not really. I've never had any complaints believe me."
Gary laughed. "Any guy that complains about a blowjob of any kind needs his big head examined."
"Guys are so easy," Crystal said with a soft chuckle.
Gary nodded and looked around. "Other than sweeping the place out, what do we have left?"
Crystal looked around and shrugged. "Everything looks good except dad's saddle. Give me a hand with it and I'll sweep."
Gary wiped the bridal he had been work on down and hung it up. He walked over to face his sister across the saddle. She grinned at him, reached around to pick up the saddle soap tin, and placed it in the middle of the saddle seat. "I've got most of this side done."
With a nod, Gary picked up the tin and wiped the rag he had across the top of the paste. As he did, his sister squatted down to work on the narrow leather plate for the stirrup. Gary groaned softly as she looked up at him and grinned. His dick gave a twitch as his mind showed a picture of her sucking his dick. He groaned again even louder.
Crystal laughed, licked her lips, and said, "I don't even have to ask what that groan was for."
"It's the pictures that keep running through my mind," Gary said softly with a shiver.
"Have I got a deal for you," Crystal whispered and stood up. "You finish soaping the saddle and buff it off, there is something I need to do."
"What's that?" Gary asked as she handed the brush to him.
"I have to go up to the house for a few minutes," she said and then looked at him hard. "And don't you dare get dressed or, uh, jack off."
"What?" Gary said as he watched his sister walk to the tack room door, step down, and head for the barn door still naked.
"Hey, how about your clothes?" He called out as she turned left out the barn door.
*****
Gary had the saddle finished and back in the corner. He had put the saddle soap away and was sweeping out the tack room when his sister returned. Her cowboy hat was replaced with a ball cap and in place of her boots were tennis shoes. She had a small backpack in her hand.
She grinned at him and said, "We'll finish sweeping later." She sat the backpack on the floor of the tack room and opened it. There were several bottles of water in one compartment. "Stuff our clothes in here."
Gary's dick had gone down some as he worked without his naked sister around. Now it was on the rise again as he stuffed their clothes in the pack, which meant they were going somewhere naked.
"Uh, where are we going?" He asked as his sister zipped up the pack.
"Does it matter?" She asked as she picked up the pack and held it out in his direction. "You can be my pack mule," she said with a grin.
Gary stood up, put the pack on, and swiveled his hips from side to side. His hard dick swung from side to side. "I guess I'm as qualified as anyone."
Crystal backed up and laughed. "Yeah, a strong back, a weak mind, and a dick that would be the envy of any mule barn."
Gary shook his head as he turned off the tack room light, stepped down to the floor of the barn, and shut the door. He turned around to see his sister at the small backdoor to the barn. Grinning, he said, "Heehaw," loudly and then added, "I mean, wait for me."
He followed his sister out of the barn, through the gate in the fence, and into the wood on the other side. Just before they came to the old road, his sister stopped and grinned at him. "Get behind those bushes and stay out of sight."
"Who...." Gary started to say but his sister held up her finger for him to keep quiet."
A moment later, she stepped out into the road and said, "Hey girlfriend, fancy meeting you here."
Jenny laughed and shook her head. "Like you didn't call me and ask me to meet you here as soon as possible. What's so important?"
Crystal grinned and said, "Get out of those clothes and I'll tell you."
Jenny made a soft groaning sound. "Horny are we?"
Crystal laughed. "You can say that again. I've spent the morning sweating my ass off in the tack room and then I decided to do it naked."
Jenny laughed. "That sounds like fun."
"Oh yeah, and even more fun after Gary caught me skinny dipping in the horse trough."
"Say what! You have all the luck," Jenny said as she handed her shorts and t-shirt to Crystal. "Especially if he was naked in there with you."
Crystal shivered. "Oh yeah, I finally got him naked in the tack room," Crystal said with a soft groan. "That dick of his is even bigger than you guys said it was."
"Hey, we didn't like have a yardstick with us," Jenny whispered with a chuckle. "Anyway, you wouldn't have believed us."
"Why not?" Gary asked as he stood up from behind the bushes.
Crystal grinned as Jenny jumped and looked at Gary. "Surprise!" Crystal said with a laugh.
Jenny groaned and reached for her clothes. Crystal jerked them away and shook her head. "Nope, not happening. He needs some lessons and I think we're the ones to give them to him."
"What the hell are you talking about?" Jenny asked and then groaned as Gary walked out from behind the bushes. "He looks even bigger now than he did before," she whispered and took a step back.
Crystal frowned and asked, "I still don't understand why you two went skinny dipping with him but didn't jump his bone."
"He's, uh, our cousin," Jenny said quickly.
"I'm your cousin also," Crystal pointed out. "That didn't even slow the two of you down."
"We, uh, can't get each other pregnant," Jenny said with a big shiver.
Gary looked at his sister and said, "Both of them. At once."
Crystal grinned at him and nodded. "Not to mention all combinations there of."
Gary groaned and looked at Jenny. "I, uh, have condoms in my room. I can go get them."
"Already in the backpack," Crystal said as she looked at Jenny out of the corner of her eye. Jenny's eyes grew wide and her mouth dropped open as she looked at Gary's hard dick.
While Jenny was stammering to herself, Crystal walked over behind her brother, and stuffed Jenny's clothes in with theirs. "Time to head for the pond," she said as she went around Gary and took Jenny's hand.
Jenny groaned deeply and followed Crystal but as they went by Gary, her head turned, her eyes never leaving his dick. "I, I, I," she stammer and then groaned deeply as she looked forward and moved up beside Crystal.
Ever so often, Jenny would look back at Gary. About the third time she did, she whispered, "Too bad Karen had to work today. I, uh, feel sorry for her. He's one of her biggest, no pun intended, fantasizes."
Crystal laughed. "You're not sorry in the least. More for you, for one thing and you're always trying to get one up on her, for another."
Jenny shivered and looked back at Gary. She shivered again as she looked back forward. With a soft chuckle she whispered, "You've got that right."
As they reached the end of the road and walked out into the sunlit clearing next to the pond, Jenny looked at Crystal and asked, "Uh, what does he need teaching."
"How to eat pussy," Crystal said with a big grin.
Jenny almost missed a step as she did a double take at her friend. "Say what!"
Crystal shivered hard and stopped walking. "You're going to show him the fine art of eating a pussy and I'm going to be your demonstration dummy."
Gary groaned deeply and whispered, "You're kidding me right."
Jenny looked at Crystal with wide eyes and her mouth hanging open. Slowly her eyes narrowed. She glanced at Gary and whimpered softly. "Who, uh, is he going to practice on?"
Crystal shivered and looked at her brother. "Sooner or later, everyone if he's any good at it."
Gary groaned again and Jenny shivered hard. Crystal grinned and walked across the open area to a large oak tree. She squatted down and reached into the hollow base. She pulled out a large black trash sack and stood up. Looking at Jenny she grinned and asked, "Where do you want me?"
"I, uh, I don't know but I think it should be in the shade." Glancing at Gary she shivered and added, "This might take a while."
"Not for me it won't," Crystal whispered more to herself than anyone. When Jenny gave her a questioning look, Crystal groaned softly. "You licking me while my brother watches. What part of exhibitionist don't you understand? Not to mention being on the ragged edge a number of times over the last few hours."
Jenny chuckled as she took the trash bag from Crystal and shook out an old sleeping bag. "At least screaming is allowed out here."
Crystal gave herself a shake and grabbed an edge of the sleeping bag. "I have an idea there may be a lot of that from several people."
As they spread the sleeping bag out on the ground, Jenny looked at Gary and whimpered softly. "That things is way bigger than anything else I've tried," she whispered to Crystal.
"That thing is huge compared to what I've had," Crystal replied as she sat down on the sleeping bag. Changing the subject, she asked, "Uh, how are we going to do this?"
Jenny giggled and whispered, "One lick at a time."
"Well, duh!" Crystal said and then laughed.
Jenny shivered hard and sat down across from her cousin. She looked up at Gary and moaned softly. "That thing looks even bigger from down here."
"Earth to Gary," Crystal said and her brother looked at her. "You can take off the pack and sit down with us."
"Uh, yeah," he said as he slipped the pack off. "I've, uh, been distracted in more ways than one." He moved over, sat the pack down, and sat down between them but off to the side.
Jenny looked at Gary and then at Crystal. She took a deep breath and said, "There's no time like the present. Hand me that pack, your sister can use it for a pillow."
Gary handed the pack to Jenny and watched as she handed it to his sister. Crystal scooted forward and laid down flat on her back with her knees raised. She put the pack under her head and relaxed as much as she could with her brother looking at her.
Jenny backed up, went down to lie on her belly. Her head was between Crystal's thighs. She looked up at Gary and said, "Get down here where you can see better."
Gary was on his belly in a flash, his head next to Jenny's as she pushed Crystal's knees wider apart. Crystal whimpered loudly. Jenny grinned up at her and whispered, "You may come before I make the first lick."
Looking at Gary, she said, "Pay close attention, I'm going to show you something and then I'm going to roll over and you try to duplicate it on me."
Crystal giggled and flexed her hips. "Teacher and practice dummy."
"Uh, how will I know if I'm doing it right?" Gary asked, his eyes locked onto his sister's pussy right below his face.
"If I slap you up side the head, you're not doing it right," Jenny said with a grin.
"If she starts to come and puts your head in a thigh lock, you're doing it right," Crystal said with a grin of her own.
Jenny giggled and looked at her cousin's sex closely. "Girlfriend you are one flooded mess."
"And," Crystal said with a shiver. "I thought you loved messy pussy best of all."
Jenny chuckled. "Don't I know it," she said and scooted sideways a little to give Gary more room. "Okay, I'm going to assume you know how to kiss and at least you know how to find your way around the upper half of a girl."
When Gary nodded, Jenny grinned. "I'll test you on that while your sister finds the top of her head in a few minutes."
"Uh, top of her head?" Gary said with a confused look.
Crystal whispered, "Where all the blood runs out of your big head into the little one when you have sex, women have the opposite problem. We get a rush having a hard heavy orgasm that can feel like your heads exploding."
"Doesn't that hurt?" Gary asked, still slightly confused.
Jenny laughed. "She won't even notice until afterwards."
"Now, she can relax for a bit while I give you the fifty cent tour of her pussy," Jenny said as she used fingers on both hands to spread Crystal's outer lips. Crystal groaned loudly, her hips shivering at the way her brother was looking at her sex, all of her sex.
"That bright pink nub at the top of her slit is her clit. Right now, one lick would have her flying around the woods backwards. If I sucked on it while I flicked it back and forth with my tongue, the explosion would be heard for miles."
Crystal's hips fluttered up and down quickly as she whispered, "Damned straight."
Jenny chuckled as she said, "Hold still. You're already slippery enough without all the moving around." She used the fingers of one hand to open her slit back up. She used a finger on the other hand to point at the thin pink inner lips. "These aren't as sensitive as her clit but if you suck on them or even chew lightly, they can add a lot to her pleasure."
"Chew?" Gary said as his eyes flicked up to his sister's face and back.
"Lightly," Crystal said quickly. "That ain't a steak you're looking at. It's all super tender until I say otherwise."
Jenny laughed and looked at Gary. "Always start off gently. If the lady wants more, she will ask for it believe me."
"I, uh," Gary started to say but Jenny cut him off.
"The pink at the bottom of her slit is glassy smooth and it feels good when licked." She paused and used both hands to open up Crystal's slit. "Then down here at the bottom, you have her vagina. Licking across it or around it feels good. Sticking your tongue inside and wiggling it, feels even better. Especially if you can reach her g-spot."
"G-what?" Gary said with a confused look.
Jenny let go of Crystal's outer lips and rolled to the side. She made an open tube with her left hand and pointed inside and toward the top of the tube. "Something a lot of guys never find. It's a small rough spot about an inch or so inside on the top side. Get a girl turned on and it's kind of like a second clit only the feelings are different and the orgasms can be a lot stronger."
Crystal groaned deeply. "I didn't even know about it until you showed me. That's when the top of my head came off for the first time."
"Okay," Jenny said with a grin in Crystal's direction. "We'll start with the basic lick and move on from there.
She rolled over on her belly and looked at Gary. "Watch closely," she said and then stuck out her tongue. She took a light lick from just above Crystal's opening, up along the bottom of her slit, and stopped just before her clit. Crystal's hips rock up as she did. A soft whimper was on her lips.
Jenny grinned and looked at Gary as she moved sideways. "Now, you try it."
Gary moved over between his sister's feet and looked down at her sex. He groaned softly as he stuck out his tongue and tried to emulate what Jenny had done. It all went well until his sister's hips jerked and his tongue bumped her clit. Her thighs slammed shut on his head and his tongue was mashed against her clit.
Crystal gasped loudly and tried to sit up as her thighs clamped down on her brother's head. The who and the what launched her orgasm so fast she couldn't do anything but flex her hips and rub her clit on his warm wet tongue. She was in orbit from the get go.
Gary was stuck. His nose was more or less clear, so he could breath but.... Then he remembered something Jenny had said about sucking and flicking his tongue. Since he wasn't going anywhere it seemed, he decided to try that. He nearly got his neck broke as his sister's thighs got even tighter and she twisted around on the sleeping bag.
The sudden yell from Crystal made Jenny grin. "Get you some," she said and then wondered which of them she was talking to.
*****
Crystal was lying all sprawled out on her back. Gary was sitting next to her with a worried look on his face and Jenny was looking back and forth between them with a big grin on her face.
Gary glance at Jenny and asked, "Uh, is she alright?" There was concern in his voice.
"She's perfectly fine. Out cold but fine," Jenny replied.
"Out cold?" Gary said looking at his sister hard.
"I don't know what you did but you put her out of here and into the orgasm zone. She'll be back shortly."
Gary looked sheepish as he said, "I, uh, did that thing where you suck on her clit and flick it back and forth with the tip of your tongue."
"Oh yeah, as turned on as she already was, that would do it and do it up right," Jenny said with a chuckle.
"Did I, uh, do wrong?" Gary asked.
Jenny laughed. "Not in the least, except now we don't have a practice dummy."
"So..." Gary said as he looked at Jenny, a grin slowly spreading across his face. He licked his lips and the grin got even bigger.
Jenny shivered hard and shook her head. "Not without a lifeguard on duty."
Gary got a confused look on his face and Jenny chuckled. "If you do to me what you did to her, I'll need someone to keep me from dying. You wouldn't know when to quit."
"Okay, got ya," Gary replied with a grin. "It seems I have a lot to learn."
Jenny nodded and asked, "So, what did you think of your first taste of pussy?"
"That, uh, wasn't my first. I, uh, tried once before but I had no idea what I was doing. I can't even remember if it had a taste."
"I know your sister has a taste," Jenny said quickly.
"Yeah, a sweet and very interesting taste," Gary agreed.
"Wait until you get around to sticking your tongue inside. That's when you will get the full flavor, shall we say," Jenny said and then grinned as she looked at Crystal's sopping wet pussy. "Although at the moment, your sister would taste that way almost to her knees."
Crystal groaned and rocked her head from side to side. "Did anyone get the license number on that truck that ran over me?"
"That wasn't a truck. That was your brother with a loaded tongue and not enough of a safety course," Jenny said with a big grin.
Crystal groaned deeply. "I thought you were going to demonstrate on me and let him practice on you."
"That was the original plan but I think there was a failure in communications," Jenny whispered.
Crystal chuckled softly. "More like a loaded tongue bumped an overly excited clit."
"It wasn't like I could go anywhere," Gary said softly.
Jenny grinned. "You did have him in a headlock from hell."
"Yeah, but..." Crystal started to say and then groaned softly.
Jenny laughed. "Don't worry, we'll get to your butt before this is over."
"Her butt?" Gary asked quickly.
"Yes, her butt," Jenny said with a grin. "A very sensitive place, if you know what you're doing."
"Uh, yeah, I do have a lot to learn," Gary whispered softly as his eyes went to his sister's sex.
Jenny's eyes followed his. "Yeah, we do have a big mess to clean up."
"Just leave my clit out of the cleanup. I don't think I could take another orgasm like that last one," Crystal said quickly.
Jenny grinned at her cousin. "Lift those knees and spread them. We'll start with the inner thighs,"
Crystal groaned as she raised her knees and then laid them over to each side. Her inner thighs were shiny half way to her knees. Jenny lay down with her head above Crystal's right thigh. She looked up at Gary. "Get your ass down here and take care of the other one."
Gary was on his belly with his head above Crystal's left thigh. Jenny was licking the shiny part of the thigh below her and he did the same. The surface was slick and the taste was as sweet as earlier but more spicy.
Crystal groaned and flexed her hips at the feel of two tongues licking at her sensitive inner thighs. Her hands quickly found her nipples and breasts. She squeezed and massaged her breasts as her hips slowly flexed up and down.
"The hips flexing is a good sign," Jenny said between licks. "The soft moans and groans are even better."
Gary's eyes lifted to watch his sister's hands. She was now pinching and twisting her nipples. The moans and groans were even louder with soft whimpers mixed in. His eyes dropped down to her sex. The opening was pulsing open and closed with the movement of her hips.
He paused his licking for a moment and asked, "I guess the playing with her own breasts is good."
"Especially when she pulls and twists her nipples. It makes them burn so sweetly," Jenny replied.
"Burn?" Gary said in confusion.
"Roll over on your side and I'll show you. Crystal needs a little slow down time or she'll be going boom again."
Gary rolled over on his side and Jenny's fingers found his hard nipple. The next thing he knew she had a grip on it and was slowly twisting it back and forth. It felt good and made him pull his shoulder back. As he did, Jenny's fingers slipped of his nipple.
A moment later, there was a tingling burning sensation in his nipple. He groaned softly and rubbed his nipple with a finger. The burn continued. "I, uh, see what you mean."
"I'll tell you her nipples are way more sensitive than yours are."
Crystal let go of one nipple as she pulled and pinched it and moaned loudly as if she was demonstration what Jenny had said was true."
"What if you did that to her clit?" Gary asked.
Jenny shook her head. "That little nub is way to sensitive to be treated that way."
Gary's eyes were on his sister's shiny pink bud that was un-hooded completely and standing up above the folds of her sex. "Uh, yeah," he whispered softly.
"Okay let's get back to the cleanup," Jenny said with a grin as Crystal made a soft whimpering sound. With a chuckle, Jenny said, "roll those knees up around you ears."
"But...." Crystal protested.
Jenny laughed and said, "Exactly."
Crystal moaned loudly as she raised her knees and rotated them toward her shoulders. Her ass came up off the sleeping bag. She straightened her legs out and rolled up even more. Now her sex and ass hole were pointed almost straight up.
"Spread those feet and touch those toes to the ground," Jenny directed.
"I, I, I," Crystal stammered as she did as she was told.
Crystal's slit and ass cheeks were well parted in this position. Jenny shook her head and whispered, "You are a total mess all the way to your tailbone."
Looking at Gary, she grinned. "Start the flat of your tongue at her tailbone and take a full lick up to her vaginas."
Crystal shook her head hard and whimpered loudly. Her brother's tongue touched her tailbone and started up the crack of her ass. It was hot and slippery. As it passed over her anus, her hips jerked and she groaned deeply. It dipped into her vagina and she let out a soft yell and flexed her hips wildly.
Gary wiggled his tongue deeper into his sister's sex and the next thing he knew, he was tongue fucking her sweet, spicy, and very slippery pussy.
"Get you some," Jenny whispered and then wondered which one of them she was talking too again. Not that it really mattered.
Crystal let out several yells before she started pushing on her brother's head. He had a wild grin on his face as he moved his head away from his sister's pussy.
*****
Gary was laid out on his back next to his sister. Jenny was straddling his hips rubbing her slippery sex up and down on his hot thick shaft. She was making a soft whimpering sound and Gary would groan from time to time as her slit rubbed the sensitive head of his dick.
Crystal groaned softly as she turned her head and looked at her cousin on top of her bother. The way her hips were moving made Crystal sit up quickly. Her eyes were on their connection. She shivered hard and sighed as she saw the head of her brother's dick wasn't in her cousin.
"That looks fun," she said a moment later.
Jenny groaned deeply as her hips moved faster. "So good," she whispered as her upper body rocked forward. Her clit made better contact with his shaft and she let out a yell as her hips jerked and flexed to a rhythm of their own.
Crystal laughed and leaned over to kiss her brother on the lips. Her flavor was all over his lips and tongue. They both groaned deeply. Jenny's head ended up on Gary's shoulder and his sister pulled back to grin down at her cousin.
Gary looked from one young woman to the other. He ended up looking at his sister and whispered, "That was interesting."
"Orgasmic," Jenny whispered.
Crystal grinned and said, "It's called dry humping but in this case nothing was dry about it."
Jenny shivered and whispered, "It's even wetter now."
Crystal shivered and looked at her brother. "Are you getting the hang of eating a pussy?"
"Uh, I know a hell of a lot more than I did."
Jenny groaned softly as she sat up. She moved her hips up and down on his shaft and groaned again. "I'm supposed to be teaching him but...."
"Then roll over here and take my place. He can practice on you while I critique him," Crystal said.
"As long as he leaves my clit alone for a while. It's sensitive right now."
"We'll save that for last, if you last that long," Crystal replied with a chuckle.
The young women swapped places. As Jenny spread her raised knees wide, Gary noticed the differences in their pussies. His sister's was longer with puffy outer lips. Jenny's was short and oval shaped. Her clit was also larger and closer to the opening to her sex.
"You two are different down there," Gary said quickly.
Jenny chuckled and said, "Pussies are like snowflakes. No two are exactly the same."
"Uh, how many pussies have you seen?" Gary asked.
Crystal shook her head and said, "Hers is different from her sisters and mine is different from both of them." She paused to look at her cousin. "Did I leaver anyone out?"
Jenny groaned and shivered. "I'll never tell."
"Mary Beth's is different from both of you," Gary said.
"Ah, the one you tried once," Jenny said and then grinned. "That's one big gal and I hear big girls get wetter than anything."
"Uh, yeah," Gary said quickly. "I fingered her once and it sounded squishy."
Jenny grinned at Crystal. "We'd both sound squishy right now."
"Uh, yeah but we need to get on with the lessons," Crystal said to chance the subject. "Roll those knees up and put the toes on the ground. You know the drill."
Jenny made a whimpering sound as she rolled her hips up and straightened her legs. When her toes were on the ground above her head, she shivered and said, "No clit to start."
Crystal grinned at her cousin and said, "Tailbone to vagina. Then he can hunt for your g-spot."
Jenny groaned and then gasped as Gary's hot slippery tongue touched her tailbone and headed toward her anus. She made another gasping sound as his tongue bumped over the tight ring of her asshole. Then she groaned long and loud as his tongue wiggled in the opening of her vagina.
"Take another lick but stop at her asshole and explore it," Crystal said. "Tease it with the tip of your tongue and then try and probe it."
Gary glanced up at Jenny's face as he moved his head up and back. She was shaking her head. He wondered about that as his tongue touched her tailbone. He ran his tongue upward until it went over her anus. Jenny gasped at that and then groaned as he lightly flicked the tip of his tongue back and forth over the tight pucker.
Jenny's hips jerked and she let out a long groan. As his tongue poked and licked her asshole. "So sensitive," she whispered a few seconds later. The tip of his tongue speared against the opening and she gasped loudly.
"As you can hear, our cousin loves having her asshole licked and probed," Crystal said. "I think you can probably make her come if you keep it up."
Gary wasn't having much luck getting the tip of his tongue through the tight ring of muscles around his cousin's anus. Her hips were wiggling but she wasn't trying to get away from his tongue. It seemed to be just the opposite. That she liked what he was doing was obvious.
The g-spot thing crossed his mind so he raised his head slightly and stabbed his tongue into her vagina. It was a tight fit but nothing like her asshole. Not to mention it was wet, slippery, and he could feel a pulsing around his tongue. He tried rubbing the tip of his tongue over the top of her vagina.
He didn't really feel anything but Jenny flexed her hips sharply and moaned long and loud. With her hips moving, he felt his tongue slip deeper inside. He put his hands on her hips and pulled and his tongue went deeper. Now the tip of his tongue rubbed over a rough spot. About the third time he rubbed her there, she went wild.
Gary heard his sister laugh. "You found it. Keep licking it."
Jenny was jerking around so wildly that he nearly lost his grip on her. She wasn't making a sound, which confused him until her looked down at her face. Her eyes were tightly shut but her mouth was open wide. It looked like she couldn't catch her breath. A few seconds later, her mouth snapped closed and she took a deep ragged breath and then she was yelling her head off.
Her legs came up and she locked her thighs around his head. Gary struggled for a second to get his nose clear enough so he could breath. After that, he attacked her clit and she went wilder yet. He was worried about getting his neck broke when she went limp.
Crystal was chuckling as she helped her brother get untangled from Jenny's legs. As they got her laid out, Crystal said, "I think you have eating pussy down pretty well."
"What the hell are you two doing to my sister?" Karen said from behind them.
They both jumped and spun around. "Uh, she volunteered to be practice dummy while we taught Gary to eat pussy," Crystal said as her eyes ran up and down the naked body of her cousin.
Gary was squatting next to his sister. "Uh, yeah, they did a pretty good job of it."
Karen looked at her sister and grinned. "If you knocked her lights out, I'd say it was more than pretty good."
"He found her g-spot and then attacked her clit," Crystal explained.
"That would do it," Karen whispered.
"Want to take him for a test drive?" Crystal asked with a grin.
Karen looked at Gary. She grinned and replied, "I'd love to take him for a test drive but I'm not talking about his mouth."
"Uh, there's condoms in the backpack," Gary said quickly.
"I got on birth control after the last time I saw you," Karen said with a big grin as she looked at Crystal. "Did he find your g-spot?"
"Uh, no but he did take the top of my head off licking my clit," Crystal replied.
Karen grinned at Gary. "Why don't you lay down on your back and we'll give you your final lesson."
"Final lesson," Gary said slightly confused. Confused or not, he hurried to lie down next to Jenny.
Karen walked over to stand straddling his hips. "I'm going to sit on this end and your sister is going to sit on your face. My job is to distract you while you see if you can find her g-spot. If you can then you pass with flying colors."
"And if I can't?" Gary asked quickly.
Karen laughed. "Then we keep trying until you do."
Gary and Crystal both groaned as Karen sat down on Gary's hips. Her slit was deeper and longer than her sister's was. He could actually feel her inner lips. As she rocked back and forth, her inner lips got slippery and seemed to expand outward.
Gary lifted his head so he could look at her pussy. Her clit was bigger than her sister's was and up away from his shaft more. Her inner lips were a darker pink and wiped up and down his shaft as she moved. It felt different but oh so good.
Movement over his head made him look up. He groaned as his sister's sex came into view directly over his face. His eyes focused on her bright pink clit and then ran down her slit to her opening. It was opening and closing slowly. "G-spot," he whispered as he reached up and pulled his sister's sex closer.
Karen's movements were distracting but his sister's vagina held his attention as he tried to jam his tongue as deep inside as he could. He couldn't find her g-spot and then it dawned on him, he was licking the wrong side. He was on the back wall, not the front.
He rolled his tongue the other way and then gasped as something hot, wet, tight, and slippery engulfed the head of his dick. His tongue had stopped moving. Crystal flexed her hips as she made a soft frustrated sound.
Gary got his tongue moving again and felt the rough patch. Now it was Crystal's turn to gasp loudly. Crystal flexing her hips as she fucked herself on her brother's tongue distracted him from Karen slowly settling deeper and deeper down onto his dick. He had never felt anything like how she felt inside.
A hot, wet, velvety feeling encased his dick. He groaned loudly into his sister's pussy as his hips rocked upward. His dick went deeper into Karen and she let out a soft yell. She lifted her hips and sat down hard. Her ass cheeks made contact with his hips. She let out another yell and started to fuck him with long fast strokes.
Who came first, second, and or third was anyone's guess. Crystal ended up laying on her side next to her brother and Karen ended up impaled on Gary's dick and laying on his chest. All three were breathing hard and fast. Jenny was sitting up next to them with her eyes wide and her mouth hanging open.
Crystal moaned and shivered hard. "He, he found it," she whispered a few minutes later.
Karen chuckled. "I ate the whole thing."
Jenny frowned and said, "Hey, that was supposed to be mine."
Gary groaned and whispered, "So, so good."
"Your sister's pussy or my sister's pussy?" Jenny asked quickly.
"Yes," Gary replied with a lopsided grin.
Karen pushed up with her arms and shivered as she looked at her sister. "You'll have to blow it back up. I took all the stuffing out of it. Not to mention it is definitely Karen flavored."
Jenny looked at her sister sharply and said, "What do you mean Karen flavored? What about the rubber?"
"Birth control," Karen whispered with a crooked smile. "The only way to fly on something that big."
Jenny groaned and shivered. "I know where I'm going next week."
Crystal rolled over on her back and groaned. "He's, he's a fully qualified pussy eater. A little more practice and he will be deadly."
"He's orgasmic now," Jenny whispered.
Karen chuckled as she sat up. Multi orgasmic from where I'm sitting." She wiggled her hips and groaned. "He's getting hard again."
"No way," Crystal said quickly.
Karen nodded as she rocked back and forth and from side to side. "Oh yeah, way."
Crystal chuckled. "You did get his cherry."
Karen and Jenny both looked at their cousin. "A virgin?" They both said at the same time.
"Not anymore," Gary said with a grin.
"We may have created a monster," Crystal whispered.
Jenny giggled. "I think between the three of us, we can keep him under control."
Karen lifted her hips a few inches and sat back down. "Oh yeah, a dirty job but someone has to do it, uh, him."
Jenny looked at her cousin's face and shivered. "I don't think I can sit on his face again right now. I want too but...."
Crystal laughed. "Your butt is what got you going last time."
"How about your butt?" Jenny asked Crystal.
Crystal groaned and shook her head. "He wouldn't stick to just my ass."
"Tell me about it," Jenny whispered as she sighed and sat down slowly. At the last moment, she turned and sat on the sleeping bag. "Next weekend we'll have to teach him more positions than cowgirl."
*****
That Summer cemented a lifetime of family fun.