"Come and look at this," Sophie called.
I was busy loading our camper van. Sophie had set out everything she wanted us to bring, and it was her coffee break, doing some last minute browsing for campsites and places to visit. I put down the box of groceries I was about to load, kissed the top of my wife's beautiful blonde head, and checked the screen of her laptop to see what she had called me over for.
Sophie had paused what looked like some kind of trailer. A girl was walking down a sunlit shopping street. It looked like a European city. Most people were in jeans and tops, or dresses. It seemed like late spring or summer. The sun was high and the street was half in shade. What had made Sophie call me over was the girl. She was blonde, like Sophie, and she was naked. When Sophie clicked, the girl started walking again, glancing at the people around her, giving the occasional half smile, clearly feeling daring but embarrassed both at once.
As if she needed to explain, Sophie said that she had been looking for naturist resorts. A web-site had shown up, nude in public, and she had been curious. What we were looking at was the site's trailer. It cut from the blonde in the street to another girl in a park, with an impressive building in the background, and then another girl. It seemed like they had filmed girls in parks, cities, including one named as Budapest, in the countryside, wherever but always naked, and walking as if being naked in public was the most natural thing in the world.
"Would it turn you on?" Sophie asked.
We were on the autoroute du sud, more than halfway through France, at a steady seventy miles an hour, and I was watching the traffic, lots of cars laden for holidays, many of them impatient to reach their destination. I was staying in the slow lane, letting them overtake. In a camper van you learn not to be impatient. You will always get there in the end.
"Would what turn me on?" I asked her.
"If I went nude in public," Sophie grinned.
"Seriously?" I asked.
"I don't know," she said. Then paused.
"But if I did, I mean, hypothetically," she said. "Would it turn you on?"
This was my wife asking me. She was thirty two. The girls in the trailer had been at most a couple of years either side of twenty. Their figures were pretty good, but then so is Sophie's. She keeps herself slim, her waist is trim, and she has neat breasts, not over endowed, but shapely, with unusual areoles that sit slightly proud, enticing mounds of pink that invite you to touch, or kiss, or suck on them, drawing them right inside your mouth.
I kept driving, thinking about what she was asking me, and why. Hypothetically. A big theoretical word for an interesting scenario.
It was not as if either of us was strangers to nudity. Even before we married, we were enjoying holidays together on France's naturist beaches. Then we tried out naturist campsites, not just lying on the sand naked, but getting up naked, having breakfast naked, going to the camp-site shop naked, doing everything naked. Some even had open shower areas in their washrooms. That was why Sophie had been checking out places to go. We enjoyed the lifestyle.
Just the same, being naked in public is slightly different. What the girls on the trailer had been doing was not at naturist campsites. It was in ordinary parks, gardens, streets, squares, filling stations, tram stops, with everyone else around them just getting on with their day to day lives, heads turning at the naked girl walking through.
And for Sophie, being naked would mean revealing more than most of the girls featured on the trailer. They may have been totally naked, but Sophie wears a ring.
Actually, Sophie wears two rings.
We both wear the traditional wedding rings that we exchanged when we were married. They are a matching pair, in gold, with bevelled edges. Sophie also wears another ring that you can only see when she naked, because it is set through her labia, and since she regularly depilates, the ring is not exactly hidden. Labial piercings are not that uncommon in the naturist community, and Sophie had hers done four years ago, after a conversation a campsite neighbour who already wore one, and who was talking up the way that it enhanced her sexual enjoyment.
So Sophie being naked in a public place would be pretty daring, and if there was an possibility the Sophie's question was more than hypothetical, I was not about to discourage her. Yes, it was a turn on. But I took care not to seem too keen. It just might put her off.
"It could be amusing," I said, not taking my eyes off the road.
"Just amusing?" Sophie asked.
"No," I said. "Not just amusing."
Now I took my eyes off the road, and gave my wife a look. I did not say the words, but she knew that I was gently daring her.
We do not always head straight for the beach. Once you are far enough south the sun is hot, and there are beautiful places you can explore that are more countryside than coast. We had parked up at a river. The parking area was at one side of a village, and there was a pathway you could walk along the river which curved gently between low hills, and allowed everyone who went there to find their own space for sunbathing and picnicking.
It was not naturist, but find a quiet location, and no one really minds. We spent an afternoon helping our tans along, the first real exposure of the holiday, still on Factor 30, especially the more sensitive nits and pieces. We had read a little, dozed a little, eaten a little and drunk a little, only soft drinks in the daytime, nothing alcoholic, nothing to make Sophie particularly daring.
Around five, we decided to pack up. I put on my shorts and tee shirt and helped Sophie to pack our things into the backpack we had brought. Sophie was still squatting naked and everything was packed away, apart from her own shorts, clingy teeshirt, and her sandals. She picked up her clothes and tucked them in the back pack. Then her sandals. Then she stood.
"You go ahead," she said.
She was barefoot on a hard earth track, looking up at me, slightly nervously, but I did not argue. I picked up the back pack, put it over one shoulder, appreciating it being lighter from our drinking at least a litre each, took her by the arm and kissed her. Then I started down the track, back towards the parking area twenty minutes' walk away.
I checked back from time to time. Sophie started following when I was maybe a hundred yards ahead. No one was in sight, but that did not mean that no one would appear. And someone did.
It was just a guy, in his forties, out with his dog, a black and brown alsation that was off the lead and roaming. The guy was in baggy trousers and a shirt, and greeted me with a pleasant "bonsoir" as we passed each other.
I checked back.
The dog got to Sophie first, sniffing around her legs as she continued walking. The guy called the dog by name, and it trotted back to him. A moment later the guy together with his dog passed Sophie. She had hesitated. Just walked on, casually, as natural as anything. And that was where it got to me. A total stranger had just seen my wife nude, her breasts, with those cute mounds of pink areaoles, her hairless sex, protruding labia, and wedding ring sized gold piercing. My cock reacted, but like Sophie, I walked on.
Round a curve in the path, a couple in their twenties were lying on a rug, her head on his arm. I glanced at them as I passed. He kind of nodded. She smiled. They did not know it, but they were about to have my wife pass by as well.
Then a couple of cyclists, him and her, both in lycra shorts and tops, racing bikes with multiple gears and cables, using their bell to warn me they were coming, using it again to warn Sophie, three times more to express their appreciation or their disapproval.
Then I was back at the parking area, only half a dozen other vehicles there, one of them an open sided van selling drinks and ices. Just beyond the parking area, there were cultivated gardens with a concrete walkway along the river front by the village. People were walking, sitting, paying. Three people were queuing at the van, what seemed to be a couple, and a guy on his own.
I walked to our campervan, unlocked it, put the back pack inside the door behind my seat, and waited for my wife. She walked down the track, across the parking area, and joined me.
"Fancy a drink?" I asked.
Sophie looked at the van, and the short queue.
"Okay," she said.
I gave her ten euros, and she walked across.
At six it was still light. The curtains were drawn but the light still came in. It was a different car park, ten minutes' drive away. That was as far as we had got.
I love it when Sophie is wet for me already.
My cock slid inside her, all the way, as she reached up to draw me down, grinning up at me.
"Impressed?" she asked.
"Maybe," was as much as I would concede.
I started thrusting, enjoying her deliciously tight pussy. She pushed up with her buttocks each time I thrust into her, grinding herself against me.
She started doing that soon after getting pierced. The ring is set so that it grazes her clit. She tells me she gets nice sensations just from walking. When the ring gets compressed between our bodies, it stimulates her even more. She never had difficulties coming to her climax, but the ring has made it even easier, and I have never minded the unfairness that she can come several times before I do. I love giving her that enjoyment.
"The guy with the dog," Sophie said, "took a really good look."
I was still thrusting, nice and steady, and she was still meeting each thrust.
"I bet he did," I said.
"I thought the dog might sniff me."
I do not often laugh when I am making love, but I did then, picturing the alsation putting its nose up close. Sophie's reaction might have been amusing, jumping away.
Her reaction to my laugh was amusing at least.
"Bastard!" she exclaimed. Then, "Fuck me harder!"
I did as she asked. My next thrust slammed into her and ended with my grinding myself against her, screwing her pussy with my cock as I did so.
She gasped.
I withdrew slowly, right the way until just the last half inch of my cock was still inside her. Them I slammed deep inside again.
I know my wife. I know how she likes to be fucked. She has always enjoyed gentle slow love making, following by hard, animal sex. What was different was how soon she wanted me to fuck her hard. What was also different was that it only took four of those thrusts before she climaxed, shuddering and screaming, digging her nails into my back so that I had to grab her arms and pin her to the camper bed. I wondered if anyone outside would be hearing what was going on, but did not care.
I waited, still deep inside her, while she slowly came down. Then I withdrew, and turned her over. Cooperating, she got on her knees. I slid inside her again, and started thrusting second time around.
"So you enjoyed showing yourself off, did you?" I said.
She was making little grunting noises with each thrust, but in between them I heard a "Yes".
"Did it make you wet?"
More grunts and gasps, and another "Yes".
"And you'll be doing it again?"
She managed a whole speech.
"That feels so good,... Just fuck me,... Yesssss,..."
I love fucking Sophie from behind.
As I said, Sophie is slim. She has a great butt, slender legs, narrow waist, and thin arms that can only support her upper body for so long, and not when she uses one hand to touch herself. She reached underneath, and I felt her fingertips at my shaft while I fucked her, as they sought her clit, and her ring. She loves that ring.
Her other arm gave way.
Her head turned to one side and her shoulders pushed into the mattress and I continued fucking her, one leg kneeling between her legs, the other bent, foot flat, to give me stability and leverage, looking down at the slope of her back, every one of her vertebrae showing, her shoulder blades and rib-cage defined. Thirty two with the body of a twenty year old, angelic blonde hair spread out on the mattress like a halo, and her pussy offered up for me to fuck.
Whether it was my fucking, or her playing, Sophie came a second time.
Her legs gave out as she spasmed, and she lowered herself to the bed. I went down with her, lying on her, my cock still deep inside her. Her buttocks and pussy continued spasming, and sent delicious feeling through my cock. Something inside her was doing nice things against the head of my cock, things that mean I love it when my wife comes. I get an incredible reward as payback.
Slowly, her spasms subsided.
I eased back, turning her onto her side, lifting one leg so that I could draw her uppermost leg up towards her chest, knee folded against her breast.
Now my legs were on either side of her leg, my cock head just inside her pussy. I moved up her body, getting my cock deep again. With one hand close to her back, I supported my upper body. With the other, I reached for her breast, cupping her areola, thumbing it, the centre that never really becomes an erect nipple, nevertheless firm under my touch.
I was moving softly, no more than a couple of inches either way, but thrusting, and since she was on her side, my inner thigh was now pressed against her labia, her clit, her ring.
Sophie lay with her mouth slightly open, moaning.
It is a beautiful way to fuck. The sensations are similar to from behind, but I can see her body better, her breasts, her face. I feel closer to her. This is my ever so beautiful and daring wife, whose perfect pussy is shaved and pierced, who is wet and warm and tight, and whose inner surfaces pull just enough on my shaft and graze so gently but so wonderfully on the tight skin of my cock head, as I slide back and forth inside her that soon my come is travelling like ecstasy through that shaft and deep into her, and she is shuddering again with her own climax.
Afterwards, we held each other, revelling on the aftermath of our lovemaking.
"You really liked me being naked!" Sophie exclaimed.
"That makes two of us."
She kissed my shoulder.
"Time to go?" she asked.
We had a campsite forty kilometres away that we were aiming for to spend the night, after an evening meal.
Sophie got up first, passing me my shorts and teeshirt. I slipped them on and climbed into the driver's seat. Sophie followed, into the passenger seat, and clipped on her seat belt. I turned on the ignition, released the brake, and eased out of the car park, waiting at the entrance for a German camper van to come in before I exited.
The German driver glanced into our cab. In France, Sophie, sitting on the left of our British camper, is in what drivers there think of as the driver's seat. The guy saw her sitting, seat belt across and between her naked breasts, her bare feet on the front glove compartment, and he grinned.
That twenty minute walk by the river was the first time that Sophie risked being naked, not on a naturist beach or camp-site, but somewhere that no one else was naked except for her. It was not the last. During our holiday, she became increasingly daring. Describing each occasion would be excessive, but over our three week break Sophie was naked in a public area at least once each day.
Sophie started to ride totally naked in the passenger seat of our camper van, deciding whether to slip on a pair of shorts and teeshirt depending on where we were, and how daring she felt. She walked along a number of paths and tracks, including a two hour walk in low Alpes, totally naked. In one village, she got out of our camper van, went to the boulangerie, and bought our morning croissants, totally naked. In other villages, she strolled with her camera, taking photographs, and also being photographed. More than once, when we needed more diesel, Sophie filled the tank, and then went to pay at the kiosk or autoroute shop, again totally naked.
In one town, where Sophie had decided to wear her shorts and teeshirt, we found a square with a fountain in the centre, and several cafes and restaurants with al fresco seating areas under trees, with maybe twenty people sitting drinking or eating at one or other of them. I felt Sophie let go of my hand as we turned into the square, and turned to see her walk into a small alley.
A few minutes later Sophie walked out, totally naked, with no sign of her shorts or tee shirt, and carrying only her shoulder bag. Ignoring me, she strolled around the fountain, then took a seat at one of the cafes, where she was served a cappuccino, drinking it while the waiter stood chatting with her. When she had finished, she left, returned to the alley, and emerged again in her shorts and tee shirt. She told me later she had just rolled them up and set them on a window ledge, taking the risk that they might not be there when she got back. If they had been taken, it would have been a ten minute walk through the town to where we had parked our camper van.
I have to admit to having been fascinated, discovering how much Sophie seemed to enjoy these displays, not to mention taking full advantage of the fact that she clearly became aroused when she was daring to bare all.
Each time, we would find somewhere to park up soon afterwards, and we would fuck like rabbits, even more so on the occasions when someone spoke to Sophie, or as happened much more frequently, took her photograph with their camera or their phone. Where possible, we found quiet places where we could spread out a picnic rug, and fuck outside. If not, we used the back of the van. Either way, Sophie was always wet for me after one of these episodes, and she never failed to come to climax soon after I started fucking her.
It was one of the last few days of our holiday that we visited Avignon. We had been there before, but we love the atmosphere and decided to visit again. Because we were in a camper van, we had to park outside the medieval city walls.
Sophie had been riding naked, and I assumed that she would slip something on before we headed into the town. Instead she checked her shoulder bag for money and asked if I would pick her up at a small car park we had used on our previous visit just inside the walls, at the other side of the town. We could not leave the camper van there, but I risk stopping long enough to pick up Sophie.
I checked with Sophie, whether she was sure. This was no small town or village. It was a twenty minute walk along a busy shopping street to the a large square outside the ancient Popes' Palace, or the Palais du Papes, and the cathedral, then there were steps up to gardens which had to be crossed to access another set of steps down to the second car park.
"If they can do it in Budapest,..." Sophie answered. I did not argue.
We did agree that I would follow Sophie at a distance, with her clothes in my back pack, just case she needed them. When she reached the gardens I would head back for the camper van and drive round to pick her up, which is exactly what I did. What neither of us anticipated was how Sophie would arrive.
I was seriously impressed when Sophie climbed down from the van, and walked from the parking area turning into the nearby entrance to the old walled city. By this stage in our holiday, Sophie was tanned to a delightful golden brown. Watching her, as I got out and locked the van, I loved her daring, but was still apprehensive that she was going to walk through such a busy town and major tourist attraction, naked, barefoot, and carrying only her shoulder bag.
I followed Sophie about twenty feet behind her. She seemed totally confident, strolling ahead on what is Avignon's main shopping street, even doing some window shopping, whether to look at the displays or catch her own reflection, I am not sure.
She certainly received plenty of interested looks, mostly admiring, although some disapproving, and at one point a group of three men stopped her and spoke to her. I held back. Sophie seemed comfortable with it, and after a few minutes they let her walk on. Later she told me they had just been interested in why she was walking naked, why she was wearing her 'other' ring, and then had just wished her good luck.
Just before we reached the square, I saw someone wearing uniform walking towards her. My concern was short lived, when he stopped at a parked car, checking its windscreen and then issuing a ticket. He gave Sophie an interested look, but nothing more.
In the square, Sophie joined a queue to buy an ice cream at a glaconiere. She had money in her shoulder bag, waited in line, ordered her cone, and paid for it, just like any of the other customers. Then she found a seat on a stone slab bench under a tree, and ate the ice cream. There was a shortage of seating, and she had had to take an end of the slab, beside a couple in their twenties. The girl seemed to find Sophie's nakedness uncomfortable, because she suggested to the guy that they moved on. Within seconds Sophie had a middle aged couple sitting beside her, and to my surprise she was soon chatting with them as she ate her cone.
A little further on, Sophie paused to watch children riding on a beautiful old merry-go-round. The man running it jokingly offered her a ride, but to my disappointment she declined. I had been taking some photographs, and one of her sitting on a merry-go-round horse would have been superb. Instead, Sophie went around the merry-go-round, then into the square at the Palais du Papes. There she took her camera from her bag and took some photographs of the old stone building.
Meanwhile a number of tourists were taking hers, including a guy with a serious lens on his camera, around four inches in diameter and eight inches long, that I guessed was a high powered zoom. He even asked Sophie to pose, squatting down to take a shot of her standing in front of the Palais. I joined him, and got the same shot, which is framed and in our bedroom. Exactly what other shots the other guy got while he was squatting low, I can only guess, but I know the view I had of Sophie's hairless pussy, and the ring that she wears there, and I heard his camera clicking at least half a dozen times as he adjusted the zoom.
The steps up to the cathedral entrance are on the right and are pretty steep, but Sophie did not use them, presumably not wanting to risk people being offended at her being naked quite so close to a place of worship. Instead she went straight on, where another set of steps lead to the gardens. That was when I turned back, knowing it would take me at least half an hour to get back to the van and drive round to the other car park.
I was right. What with the walk back, and the traffic, it was forty minutes before I got to the car park. From where I had left Sophie it was tend minutes to walk through the gardens and down the steps to meet me. I would not have expected her to wait in the car park, but when she had not arrived after I had been sitting for ten minutes I began to be concerned.
My leaving the camper van to go and look for my wife was not really an option. A sign warned that vehicles could be clamped. I sat it out a little longer, then saw a police car drive into the car park and park in a bay preserved for the gendarmerie. That was all we needed. I should not have been waiting there, and the police might decide to ask me to move. Sophie, meanwhile, would hardly risk coming down to the van while they were there.
My worst fear was realised. One of the gendarmes got out of the car and started walking towards me while his colleague stood leaning casually against the passenger door of their car.
At least the gendarme spoke English. He asked for my passport and driving licence, and I gave them to him. He checked them, taking his time and looking smug as he thumbed through the passport and looked at my credit card style driving licence. Then he asked if I was expecting my wife there. I said I was. He then advised me that I should be more careful what I allowed her to do, and said they had had to ask her to come into their car. It was not acceptable to be naked in a French city such as Avignon. They decided just to give my wife a warning, but we should be more careful. Then he asked if I had some clothes that my wife could wear.
I took Sophie's shorts and tee shirt from my back pack, and gave them to the gendarme. He walked back to the car. His colleague opened the rear door, and the officer handed the clothes inside. A minute later Sophie climbed out, still barefoot. The gendarmes spoke to her, then let her walk over to the camper van.
Sophie climbed in. She seemed fine, if a little nervous, and I started the engine, driving out before the gendarmes decided to do anything more. Then I asked her if she was okay.
Sophie moved closer to me in the passenger seat, put her hand on my leg, and said that she was fine. Then she asked if I could find somewhere I could fuck her, as soon as possible.
I got out of the city, into the countryside, took a side road away from the river, found an entrance to a field, and parked. We climbed out, and I grabbed the picnic rug from the back of the van. Sophie was already naked, waiting. I spread out the rug, and Sophie knelt on all fours. Her pussy was glistening wet and ready to be fucked. Within seconds I was naked and fucking her from behind. Within a minute, she was coming, and collapsing onto her front.
I had not come. I turned Sophie over, and she opened her legs for me. I moved between her legs, sank my cock deep into her, and started fucking her again. She was staring up at me. I lowered myself to my elbows and kissed her. Ironically, they call it a French kiss. Both of us were turned on and tonguing each other's mouths, and that was when I tasted it. My wife's mouth tasted of semen. I knew the taste, because I had tasted my own from the same beautiful lips after she had sucked me off in the past. But this was not my own semen that I was tasting.
As soon as I recognised the taste, I stop fucking my wife and asked her what had happened.
She told me.
They had been in the garden. Sophie had walked to where a railing provided a view over the river, and had been enjoying the view, waiting for me to arrive, when they had approached her. After questioning her, they had walked her down to their car, which had been in the car park. One of them had sat with her in the back, and the other had driven.
At first she had been concerned that they were taking her to the gendarmerie. The gendarme in the back had told her she had been committing an offence, and could be in court the following week. Sophie had apologised, and told them that I had been due to pick her up. That was when they had parked in a small enclosed grassy area by the river.
It was the gendarme in the front who had said that in her case things were quite serious. It was not a simple case of exposing herself. Since she wore a ring through her 'chat', the charge would be more serious, and she should expect the magistrate to be more severe.
He had given her time to think about this before adding that they could consider letting her off with a warning, but she would need to give them a reason to do so. It had taken a moment for her to realise what he meant. Then the gendarme in the back with her had unzipped himself, had taken out his cock, and had used his hand to guide her head down to his lap. Sophie knew what was expected, and that was what she had done.
I asked about the other gendarme, whether he had asked for the same.
Then I listened to my wife telling me that the second gendarme had got into the back seat of the car while she still sucking on the first one's cock. Instinctively, she had started to sit up, but the first officer was holding her head with his hand.
When the second officer had started fondling her pussy, there was little she could do but let him.
He began by fingering her, then used his thumb to go as deep as he could. After making sure that she was wet for him, he had used his cock. It was only when she felt the head stretch her as he entered her that she realised exactly what was happening. With one cock in her mouth, and another in her pussy, she was being double penetrated, her first and only time,in the back of a French police car.
I knew what the answers to my next questions would be, but I asked them anyway.
No, neither of them had worn any protection. Yes, the gendarme who had been fucking her had come inside her, and yes, he had made her come. Yes, the other gendarme had come in her mouth. But then I knew that already. I had tasted him.
It was, I guess a lesson learned.
If you take risks with social norms, you can end up paying the penalty.
Sophie had paid for her exhibitionism. I had paid for enjoying the three weeks before Avignon. A gendarme had fucked my wife. There was not much that I could do about it. It was not something you could walk into a gendarmerie and complain about. I realised that as soon as Sophie told me what had happened.
I needed to know, so I asked Sophie which of them had come across to the camper van to check my identity. She hesitated, and then told me that it had been the one who had fucked her. I could still picture him, thumbing my passport, a smirk on his face. He must have really enjoyed that, playing the officious police officer with the English tourist whose wife he had just fucked, and then sending her back to me with his come still inside her, knowing there would be absolutely nothing that I would be able to do about it.
I did the only thing I could. Sophie had told me what had happened while I was still between her legs, resting my body weight on my elbows, with my cock still hard and still inside her. Neither the taste of one gendarme's semen nor the knowledge that the other had come inside my wife had made my erection any less rigid. If anything I was even harder than before. So once Sophie had finished telling me what had taken place, I went back to fucking her in that field outside Avignon, even knowing another man's semen was part of the reason that she had been so wet for me.
That almost ends the story. Almost, but not quite.
The next day we had a quiet day beside a different river, sunbathing naked at a quiet spot. When it was time to go, Sophie did not get dressed. She walked back to the camper van still naked, and then rode naked in the passenger seat as we drove on.
The following day it was time to head north back towards Calais for our ferry to England. We decided to avoid the autoroute, and enjoy a more scenic route. At one point we needed diesel, and Sophie said that she would do it. She filled our tank, and paid, totally naked, taking the risk in spite of what had happened back in Avignon.
Later, the road we were using was a wide straight road, and I eased the camper van up to seventy miles an hour, fine on the autoroute, but faster than permitted on a normal road. A moment later we heard a siren, and a gendarme motor cyclist was overtaking us and getting me to stop. It was obviously a known stretch of road for drivers to speed, and he had been waiting.
Catching speeding tourist speeding seems to be one of the perks of the job for French gendarmes. Fines are paid in cash, and they do not always give receipts. I was reaching for my wallet, when Sophie asked if I would like her to pay. It took just a moment to realise what she meant. I left the wallet where it was.
Hearing Sophie tell me about the two gendarmes in Avignon was. In retrospect, a highlight of our holiday. Watching her get out of our camper van and lean, facing me, against the front of our camper van as the gendarme dismounted from his motor cycle was something else again.
There was no need for him to say anything. What my wife was offering the gendarme was obvious. He moved behind her, and unzipped his riding breeches. Watching that gendarme fucking my beautiful wife will remain with me for ever.
As far as I know, those two occasions, just two days apart, and both with gendarmes, are the only times that Sophie had been with any other man since we met, let alone since we were married. Under the circumstances, I do not hold it against her. Neither of us anticipated the outcome of what we saw as innocent fun. Indeed it was some time later that we were faced with the full consequences of Sophie's flaunting herself in France, and decided to accept them.
Not that we have any regrets. It still turns us on thinking about what happened on that holiday, or talking about it. If you do not take risks, life can be pretty boring.
It was five years before we went back to Avignon. We were still using naturist beaches and camp sites, but Sophie was no longer risking baring all in more public areas. She wore a dress as we walked through the shopping street down to the Palais du Papes.
We bought ice creams. Four year olds love ice cream. They also love to ride on the merry-go-round, and laugh deliriously as they go up and down and around and around and around.