Chapter 6 – Pool Party
Ashley was nervous. Ryan's pool party for the seniors on the football team was going to start in less than an hour. Ashley wanted to lobby the guests at the party to vote for her as the homecoming queen. Her boyfriend Ryan was supporting her because both of them had good reasons to detest her competition Ellen. Ellen was Ryan's ex-girlfriend and although it had been Ellen's idea to end their relationship, she had conducted a vicious campaign against Ashley for stealing Ryan. Ellen had only backed off when Ashley's Dad, Robert, warned Ellen's parents that he would sue. All of this drama had transpired only a couple of months after Ashley and her family had moved back to her Dad's hometown in upstate NY. Ashley's Dad was trying to establish a private law practice after retiring from the Army JAG. Ashley and her twin brother Josh were eighteen and seniors in high school. Their mother was in New York City working with a professional dance company.
Her brother Josh was already at Ryan's house helping to get things set up for the party. Ashley was waiting at home with Emily. Emily was staying at Ashley's home because her mother was in rehab. Emily had been staying with her long-time girlfriend Mary until the despised Ellen had seduced Mary to sabotage Ashley's campaign. They waited expectantly for the arrival of some of their soccer teammates that had eagerly agreed to attend the party to accompany the football players who did not have dates.
The two girls were already in their swimsuits. Emily was braiding Ashley's hair when the doorbell rang. Ashley's Dad answered the door for the anticipated girls. It was Ashley's campaign manager, Beth and her loud-mouthed teammate, Taylor. Beth greeted Ashley's Dad before leading Taylor to Ashley's bedroom. Beth quickly closed the bedroom door and both Beth and Taylor started talking at once. Beth gave up and let Taylor talk.
Taylor said, "Ellen has beaten us to the punch. She is having a pool party at her house and has a lot of seniors as guests. I have to show you some of the pictures being posted of the party."
Taylor found the pictures on her phone and showed Ashley and Emily. The first pictures showed Ellen in a tiny bikini. There were a series of pictures showing Ellen in the pool riding on the shoulders of one of the basketball players. After a couple of images, there was one showing Ellen twirling her top over her head. Her large breasts were prominently displayed in a series of pictures. Her ass also looked naked, but closer examination showed she was still wearing her thong-like bikini bottom. Ellen's beautiful cheerleader body was on display for a large number of the senior classmen. Ashley recognized several of the members of the cross country team who had watched her stretching with Emily after soccer.
Beth said, "It's not a disaster yet, but this isn't good. It definitely means we have to up our game or else just quit. Ryan's party may be more important than Ellen's. The football players are a lot more influential than Ellen's crowd. Even if someone is at Ellen's party, we can still get their vote if one of the football players talks to them."
Taylor looked at Ashley's modest two piece swimsuit. She said, "Well for starters you really need to wear something hotter than that swimsuit from girl scout camp. I hope that is not the best you have."
Emily chimed in, "Ashley has this rocking hot Brazilian bikini. It totally blows away Ellen's suit!"
Ashley said, Emily, when I showed you the suit I told you it wasn't for public use."
Taylor said, "Well the least you can do is show us."
Beth agreed, "Come on Ashley model it for us. If you feel it's not appropriate, then maybe now is the time to drop out. So far, your campaign is unofficial since school hasn't even started yet."
Ashley said, "OK I'll model the suit for you."
Ashley took the tiny suit and went into the bathroom to change. She put a bathrobe on over the suit and returned to her room.
Emily said, "What's with the sudden modesty? We're all friends. Come on take off the robe and show us the suit."
Ashley closed the door and said, "My Dad doesn't know I bought this skimpy suit. I have no idea how he would react."
Ashley dropped the robe and posed for her friends. The swimsuit was ridiculously tiny. It consisted of three small triangles of cloth transparent enough to allow tanning without tan lines. Under the lighting in the room, one could not see through the material. The top two small triangles barely covered her areolas. Ashley had shaved off all of her pubic hair since the bottom triangle barely covered her pussy slit. A thin cord ran between her ass cheeks. The suit bottom was tied on with a bow above each hip. The top was tied in the back with another bow. Ashley's generous breasts were firm enough, not to need support. But as Ashley walked around the room, her breasts jiggled enticingly beneath the tiny triangles.
Ashley said, "I tried swimming in it, but the top came off. When the suit is wet, the thin material sticks to the skin and becomes almost transparent. The wet suit clinging to my pussy lips leaves little to the imagination. So not only is it indecent but it is also totally impractical around water."
Taylor gave Ashley a firm hug and said, "The suit is awesome! You have to wear it to the party. That is unless you want to quit."
Beth said, "I have to agree with Taylor. If you wish to compete with Ellen, you are going to have to wear the suit. Just stay away from water, and you'll be okay. You have a rocking hot body, and the guys will be crazy for you. Football is huge at Riverdale and with the team seniors behind you, Ellen will be toast."
Ashley turned to Emily and asked, "What do you think?"
Emily said, "I think this whole idea started when I suggested we have some fun our senior year. That wicked swimsuit is as fun as it gets. I picture you standing on the end of the diving board in this adorable suit giving your campaign speech to the team. The guys will go wild! If you don't enjoy their attention, then it will be time to quit the campaign. You get to make the rules but at least give it a shot!"
Ashley said, "OK, as long as you guys have my back. I think it may be exciting to drive a bunch of testosterone fueled jocks wild!"
The girls cheered and gave Ashley a group hug.
Beth said, "We need to get going. We don't want to keep the boys waiting."
Ashley found a floral print pool wrap that covered her in light chiffon to just above her knees.
Ashley said, "This will get me past my Dad. I think I'll keep it on until I give that campaign speech from the diving board. I'll disrobe when I make the point that they will not be disappointed to vote for me."
Beth laughed and said, "I think we can work on your speech on the drive over to Ryan's house."
Ashley said goodbye to her Dad. Ashley said, "See you about 0100 hours."
Robert said, "Have fun. If you need, a ride home just call me."
Beth said, "OK, I'm sure Ryan's security guard won't let me have the car keys if I have more than a couple of beers."
Beth parked on the driveway in front of Ryan's house. They had heard the party before they saw anyone. The four girls entered the back yard through a side gate. The security guard came over and checked their IDs before taking Beth's car keys. The girls were carrying beach bags over their shoulders. The guard insisted on inspecting them for hard alcohol or drugs. Drinks were going to be limited to soft drinks and beer.
It was another warm, muggy summer day in upstate New York. As a result, most of the guys were in the pool playing volleyball. Some of the guys had brought their girlfriends who were watching beside the pool. The addition of Ashley and her friends made it an even ten girls and ten boys. Everyone at the party was going to be a senior at Riverdale.
Ryan came over and put an arm around Ashley.
Ryan said to the four girls, "We have a keg of Saranac Amber if you want some beer. There are sodas for the more delicate individuals. The barbecue is ready and we can eat as soon as the caterers cook the burgers and Hoffman hot dogs. There are dips and stuff to munch while you wait."
Ryan gave Ashley a kiss on the cheek and said to her, "I think we'll wait until after we eat and play some games before any campaigning. Does that work for you?"
Ashley replied, "I could definitely use some food and a few beers before I make a fool of myself."
Ryan said, "You'll be okay. Just relax and be your awesome self. Everyone knows you are running against Ellen so there are no surprises."
Taylor jumped in and said, "The only surprises are coming from Ellen. She is having a wild party right now. The tweets show she is going all out."
Beth said, "Hopefully Ellen will do herself more harm than good. There is no reason for Ashley to be a dumb copycat."
Ryan said, "I haven't been following Ellen. What is she up to?"
Taylor said, "Ellen is having an open pool party for the seniors. It looks like maybe 40 or more are there. There is a lot of beer, food, and even a live band. The last pictures showed Ellen crowd surfing. She lost the top to her tiny bikini an hour ago."
Ryan said, "I am not surprised about Ellen's actions. But the football team carries a lot of weight on campus in more ways than one. We have more influence than Ellen's usual collection of ectomorphic basketball players and cross country runners. The party goers at Ellen's will flock to Ashley once the free food and beer runs out because of the football team and the fact Ashley is simply a better person.
Ashley said, "OK enough already. Where is Ryan's free food and beer?"
The four girls each grabbed a beer and a plate of appetizers before wandering over to the pool. The volleyball game was close and the eight football players in the pool were going at it enthusiastically.
Ashley gave her brother's girlfriend Jessica a hug. Jessica was the only girl at the party not in a bikini. Even the modest one-piece Speedo swimsuit she was wearing had gotten a frown from her father who was a minister. It was one thing to compete in swimming and quite another to wear a swimsuit to a party. Jessica's mother had worked hard to talk him into letting Jessica go to the party. Jessica had to promise her Dad that she would behave in a manner appropriate for a minister's daughter.
Emily looked at Jessica with renewed interest since she had borrowed Josh for her heterosexual experiment. Jessica was certainly smarter than her since she was part of the advanced placement crowd that included Josh and Ashley. Jessica was also pretty enough in a quiet way.
Emily knew she liked Josh a lot, but she wasn't yet sure that she wanted to compete with Jessica for Josh's affection. Emily thought it was likely that Jessica was unaware of Josh's transgression. She decided to leave Jessica and Josh alone for now at the party. Still she felt strangely jealous.
The barbecue was ready by the time the volleyball game ended. Everyone loaded their plates with burgers and hot dogs plus a variety of summer salads. Ashley was particularly fond of the Hoffman Snappy Grillers that reminded her of the wonderful veal sausages she had eaten while the family was in Germany. As an athlete Ashley had a big appetite but she was amazed at the amount of food the football players were consuming.
Ashley made a comment to Ryan, "You guys are eating like you've haven't seen food in a week. What's up with the football players?"
Ryan said, "Hey, soccer players aren't the only people who train hard."
Then he leaned in and whispered, "Besides they are bulking up with Myobar. It's a natural enzyme blocker that inhibits the body breaking down muscle. They discovered it in these Belgian cattle that look like Arnold Schwarzenegger. It's both safe and legal. I've put on over fifteen pounds of muscle this year alone."
Ashley looked at Ryan in surprise and leaned in close to whisper, "That doesn't sound right. How do you know its safe? You know sports doping is illegal."
Ryan said, "Hey it's a naturally occurring product and it's been thoroughly tested by big pharmaceutical firms. It doesn't require a prescription and you can get it through the mail from a number of body building sites. There is no way I'd take something illegal."
Ashley said, "Well I hope you are right."
Ryan said, "The only side effects reported are a big growth in appetite and a minor increase in aggression. A bit more ferocity would be useful to football players, but I haven't noticed a change in any of the players over the last half year. Meanwhile, our players average 20 or 30 pounds over everyone else in our league. I think we'll make it to the state playoffs. My source says a lot of schools near New York City are using it so we will have a hard fight to take the state championship. Even so, I think a number of players will get college scholarships."
By now most of the crowd was done eating and several couples were dancing to the live band. Emily was dancing with Daniel, who was a tight end. He was already pretty buzzed and complaining about Josh and Ryan for replacing him as the top receiver on the team. Emily soon realized she didn't care for Daniel, who seemed just too angry. When the song finished, she made and excuse and wandered away from Daniel. She joined Beth and Taylor, who were talking to a couple of the team who hadn't brought dates. She saw Daniel head over to the beer keg where he downed one beer after another. Emily felt sure that he would regret it tomorrow.
As the late summer sun set, one of the guys suggested a volleyball game in the pool with both boys and girls. The girls readily agreed since it was so hot and humid. As they jumped into the pool, Ryan made an announcement.
"As you all know Ashley is running for Homecoming Queen. She'd like to give a speech about why you should not only vote for her but also help talk everyone you know into voting for her as well. I don't have to tell you that I'd appreciate it personally since I have some issues with the competition as well as being very fond of Ashley."
Ryan gave Ashley a hand as she climbed onto the diving board. Ashley walked out to the end and looked over the crowd of friends and strangers. She was still wearing the pool wrap and a floodlight shining on her silhouetted her luscious body through the thin material. Ashley was interrupted before she could speak.
Daniel yelled out, "Hey if you're running against Ellen you need to show us why we should vote for you. Take off the wrap and show us what you've got."
Daniel's demand brought forth cheers and whistles from the guys.
Ashley looked at Ryan, who smiled and nodded to her.
Ashley removed her wrap in one motion and tossed it to Ryan. She could feel her breasts jiggle as she threw the cover to Ryan. The guys went wild at the sight of Ashley's beautiful body barely hidden by the three tiny triangles of the suit. Ashley blushed and stood there grinning as she waited for the guys to calm down. Ashley felt an exciting warmth spread through her body. Ryan carried the wrap over to one of the tables before getting into the pool.
Ashley said, "I am new in Riverdale and some of you may wonder why you should vote for me when you have known Ellen since you were kids. I think the biggest difference between us is that I like to think that I am open and honest. What you see is what you get."
Ashley was feeling excited by the reaction of the boys. Ashley was unaware that she was standing up straighter and throwing back her shoulders to emphasize her breasts. Adrenaline made it impossible for Ashley to stand still and her hips began to slowly gyrate.
Jacob the burly middle linebacker yelled, "We definitely like what we see!" Jacob's girlfriend punched him in the arm and Jacob just grinned.
Daniel shouted, "We want to see more! Take it all off!"
Ryan said, "Take it easy Daniel. That's my girlfriend you're talking to."
Jacob yelled, "Hey Ashley, the seniors on the team always have a party after the homecoming game. If we help you win, will you come to the party and reward us with a victory dance. What do you think?"
Ashley smiled and said, "I'd be pleased to come to your party and thank you guys personally if you help me win."
Ashley continued, "I know you guys are working hard to have a winning season. I think you deserve a homecoming queen who supports you wholeheartedly."
Daniel yelled, "Maybe Ellen deserves it since she has been in Riverdale her whole life. Right now, she is meeting one on one with seniors at her party to convince them to vote for her. The tweet says 'five minutes in paradise with Ellen in return for your vote.' Are you willing to do the same to get our vote?"
Ryan said, "Back off Daniel, Ashley isn't like Ellen."
Ashley said, "It's OK Ryan, I've heard it's a Riverdale tradition and I was kind of expecting this from Ellen. Five minutes in paradise sounds like something we did when we were tweens, but I'll meet later tonight with anyone who needs convincing."
Ryan said, "First we have a volleyball game. Afterward, you can meet with Ashley in the pool house if you want. Just so you know, I'll be outside the door. Remember, Ashley is my girlfriend so I expect you to respect that."
Daniel yelled, "You told Jacob you'd give us a victory dance at our party if you win the election. How about dancing for us now?"
The band started playing 'Beg For It,' by Iggy Azalea. Ashley began a slow dance near the end of the diving board. Ashley was surprised at how aroused the reaction of the crowd was making her. When the singer got to the line, "The way I turn it on out here with my friends I'm gonna make you beg for it," Ashley pointed to one guy after another in the pool.
Suddenly Ashley was pushed from behind by Daniel, who had rushed up on her from behind. As he pushed her with one hand, he grabbed the tie on her bikini top with the other. Ashley fell into the pool topless. As Daniel stood on the diving board waving the top of her suit in the air, the guys cheered in approval.
Ashley swam to the surface and covered her breasts with her hands.
Jacob yelled, "Hey all of the girls should play topless."
Emily had put away several beers and yelled, "I'm game!" She whipped off her top and tossed it to the edge of the pool.
Beth quickly joined her and soon all of the girls were topless and laughing except Jessica. Josh's girlfriend had on a one piece suit and could not copy the other girls.
Daniel dropped Ashley's top on the side of the pool and cannonballed into the crowd. Two teams quickly formed and everyone agreed that Ashley should take the first serve.
Ashley was a good volleyball player with a solid serve. Everyone was staring at her intently, but she noticed the guys were focused on her breasts. She tossed the ball into the air and jumped up to smash an overhand serve straight at Daniel's head. As Ashley jumped up, Daniel's gaze switched from Ashley's lovely bouncing breasts to the small piece of fabric molded to her pussy lips. He barely had time to block Ashley's powerful serve from breaking his nose.
Ashley proceeded to run up several points by aiming shots at the distracted boys one after another. Finally, Beth jumped in front of one the befuddled guys and managed to return Ashley's serve. Unfortunately for Ashley the guys on her team were also absorbed in watching her. Beth's desperate return bounced off the back of the head of one of Ashley's male teammates.
After Beth's team had won the serve, the game went back and forth. The guys got into the game and the competition got more intense. There was more and more physical contact at the net. If it were two guys, they would slam into each other and Ryan had to entreat his teammates to take it down a notch. However, if it was a guy and a girl, the contact generally consisted of the guy fondling the girl as she jumped.
Everyone starting doing a high five after their team scored a point. After one hard fought point, Ashley's team did a group hug. Someone copped a feel of Ashley's butt. One of the other girls on Ashley's team let out a squeal as someone tweaked her nipple. Emily laughed as one of the guys cupped her bare breast. Group hugs replaced the high fives and the group hugs became more like group gropes. Even Jessica got into the spirit and gave Josh's muscular ass a firm squeeze.
It was close to midnight when the game ended. Ashley found her top by the side of the pool and put it on. She watched Josh lead Jessica out to a gazebo overlooking the twinkling lights of Riverdale. Ryan gave her a hand and pulled her out of the pool.
Ryan said, "Ashley if you want to do the five minutes in paradise thing, you can use the pool house. I'll be outside the door in case you need me."
Ashley said, "I expect it will mostly be talking. I think Daniel is the only one I'm worried about. I suppose if he needs a kiss in exchange for his vote, I can handle that."
Ryan said, "I think Daniel is so drunk he won't remember anything in the morning. But I'll let him drink some more before I send him in. Jacob wants to leave soon so I'll let you talk to him first."
Ashley went into the pool house. The room had a small couch and a bed. There was a door to the bathroom as well. She set her beach bag in the corner near the bed and sat on the couch. The room was air conditioned and she started to shiver in her wet swimsuit. She got up and turned up the thermostat. Just then, there was a knock on the door. Ashley opened the door for Jacob and his girlfriend. Ryan was standing nearby.
Jacob said, "This is Alice. She'd like to help with your campaign. We're both solidly behind you."
As Jacob talked, his eyes roved over Ashley's scantily clothed body. Ashley realized that her cold nipples were conspicuous as they pushed against the thin material of her top. Her swimsuit bottom was wet and the fabric was molded to her shaved pussy lips. No wonder Jacob was distracted. Ashley tried to focus on the discussion.
Ashley looked at Alice and said, "I really appreciate your support. Beth is my campaign manager and I am sure she can find lots of things that need to be done."
Alice said, "Jacob and I have both experienced Ellen's wrath and we'd love to see someone dethrone her."
Alice gave Ashley a hug and said, "So just let me know if you need anything or just a friend to talk to."
Ashley said, "Before you leave talk to Beth. Be careful she is excellent at delegating work."
Jacob and Alice left. Ryan said he'd send in the next guy.
At 270 pounds Jordan, the black running back, filled the doorway. His teammates called him Semi because he was built like a truck and was hard to tackle. For such a large man, he was amazingly fast. His body bulged with muscles. His small Speedo called attention to his bulging package. Everything about Jordan's appearance reflected the strength of his body.
But Jordan was not just a powerful athlete. Ashley knew him from some of her advanced placement classes. He always made a significant contribution to class discussions and when he talked he was eloquent and spoke with a rich baritone. He was popular with most of the students. But now he was quietly appraising Ashley's body.
Ashley greeted him warmly, "Hey Jordan I'd really like your support."
Jordan said, "OK I think I prefer you to Ellen. She makes me uncomfortable. It's not anything she said exactly, but I have a feeling that she doesn't respect blacks."
Ashley said, "A lot of people look up to you Jordan. By far you are the most popular Afro-American at school. If you let people know that you support me for homecoming queen, it would carry a lot of weight."
Jordan laughed and replied, "You mean a lot of weight with the black crowd."
Ashley said, "For sure with the Afro-Americans but a lot of other people respect you as well. I think you could be pivotal in the election. If I can get the football team behind my campaign, I'd like to have them behind me for my campaign speech at the school assembly. I'd be really thrilled if I could count on you joining us on the stage."
Jordan said, "I want to be honest with you. I plan on talking to Ellen as well. I need to hear what she has to offer before I make up my mind."
Ashley put her hand on Jordon's enormous arm and said, "OK, that's fair. I just want you to know that I'd be very grateful for your support."
As Ashley's hand rested on Jordan's arm, she had to wonder if Jordan was also taking Ryan's Myobar supplement. He was already so bulky he looked like he could play pro football now.
Jordan's lowered eyes were focused on the thin piece of material clinging to her pussy lips while he said, "Yeah well I'm pretty sure that Ellen can be very grateful too. I'll let you know my decision soon."
Ashley watched Jordan leave. He had left her uneasy. Jordan seemed to have a chip on his shoulder and his anger was boiling just under the surface of his superficially calm exterior.
After Jordan had left, Ryan said, "Daryn our senior guard is next. He's pretty drunk and his girlfriend Susan wants to take him home. You need to be careful because she is jealous of every girl that so much as looks at him."
Ashley said, "Well then make sure Susan comes in with him."
Ryan held the door as Daryn stumbled into the pool house. Daryn was guided by Susan, who was visibly annoyed. Daryn weighed close to 300 pounds and even though Susan was a hefty woman, there was no way she could catch him if he started to fall.
Susan said, "Daryn says he wants his five minutes in paradise. More likely he'll get a knock on the head from me."
Ashley replied, "I'm glad Daryn enjoyed Ryan's party. Susan, I won't waste your time on a speech. I hope both of you will vote for me, but you need to get Daryn home before he passes out."
Susan said, "Thanks, Ashley, you have our votes. Come on Daryn, time to get home to bed."
Daryn said, "What about my paradise. At least let me have a kiss."
Susan said, "Ashley can you put him out of his misery and give him a kiss?"
Ashley said, "Sure."
Ashley stood on her toes and gave Daryn a kiss. Daryn responded by pulling Ashley in tight with a large hand in the middle of her lower back. He pushed his tongue into her mouth. Ashley went along with Daryn until he grabbed her breast with his other hand. Ashley struggled, but Daryn had her pinned to his chest as he continued to knead her breast.
Susan yelled at Daryn as she punched him in the offending arm, "Let go of Ashley, you big oaf!"
Daryn reluctantly let Ashley free. Daryn said, So much for paradise."
Susan said, "Let's go Daryn."
As Susan led Daryn from the room, Ashley said, "Sorry Susan."
Susan laughed, "Hey Daryn is the one who's going to be sorry. I don't know what's come over him lately. He used to be so gentle. Don't worry I'll make sure he votes for you."
As the couple left the pool house, Ryan asked, "What happened? Are you OK?"
Ashley replied, "Everything is fine. Daryn is a pretty drunk and he just got a little rambunctious. Who's next?
Ryan said, "Matthew is next. His girlfriend Kayla said she'd wait outside. She promised to vote for you but said Matthew needs convincing."
Matthew was with a crowd talking to Daryn. Susan was tugging on Daryn's arm, but the big guard was taking his time leaving.
Ryan waved to Matthew, who laughed at something Daryn said before ambling over to the pool house.
Ryan said, "OK Ashley, you have 5 minutes to convince Matt to vote for you. Matt, remember Ashley is my girlfriend. So behave yourself."
Matthew was a defensive end and Ashley was impressed with his bulk. Although he was not as big as Daryn, he was still larger than most of the guards in the local league.
Ashley said, "I understand that you haven't made up your mind yet. What can I do to persuade you to vote for me?"
Matt laughed, "You're up against Ellen. I've known her since grade school and she's always been the sexiest girl in school. When I was younger, I fantasized about her for years. You know she's also doing five minutes in paradise with the guys at her party. Well, I've seen some pictures from Ellen's party and she's doing her private meetings topless. I think the least you can do is match her.
Ashley said, "You already saw me topless during the volleyball game. How do I know that you'd vote for me if I took off my top now?"
"Well, the idea in five minutes of paradise isn't to stare at each other. I figure I'd promise to vote for you in exchange for five minutes of passionate kissing while I advance to second base. I think you need me. I have a lot of friends in my vocation training classes. Your STEM friends will never talk to them until they need their car fixed."
Ashley laughed, "Well you never know when you're going to need to have your car fixed. So you promise to vote for me in exchange for second base?"
Matt said, "Definitely as long as we get to it. I know Ryan's timing us and we've already wasted two minutes."
Ashley stood up on her tiptoes and wrapped her arms around Matt's neck. She leaned in and kissed Matt firmly. She pushed her tongue into his mouth as he wrapped his burly arms around her. He quickly found the tie to her top and tugged on the strings. He leaned back from her and removed her tiny top. He kept one arm around her back as he started caressing her soft breast. Ashley's generous breasts were well matched to his large hands.
At first he was gentle but as he became more aroused, he began pinching her nipple. He rolled it between his fingers as it became firm.
Ashley's was startled when Matt lifted her off the ground with one hand cupping her ass. She moaned as he pressed his lips to her other breast. As he flicked his tongue around her pink nipple, Ashley arched her back and pushed her breast into his mouth. Ashley raked her fingernails through Matt's hair. Ashley was stunned by Matt's raw animal strength and how fast he had gone from talk to complete arousal. She could feel his erection pressing against her thigh. She was alarmed by the growing wetness in her pussy.
Just as Ashley began to worry that she was losing control, Ryan knocked on the door and said time. When Matt ignored Ryan's signal, Ashley grabbed Matt's hair and pulled his head back.
She smiled at Matt and said, "Time's up. You need to save that passion for your girlfriend."
Matt blinked and slowly let Ashley's body sink to the floor.
As Ashley fastened her top, she said, "Can I count on your vote? I think that was second base and then some."
Matt laughed, "Yeah, you have my vote."
When Matt left the room, he walked over to the beer keg and talked to the guys before leading his girlfriend Kayla off into the shadows.
The next guy after Matthew was the cornerback Michael. Ashley remembered Josh talking about Michael. In practice, Michael often had to cover Josh. Michael was tall and fast. He wasn't afraid to hit hard and Josh had grumbled about the pain and bruises Michael had inflicted on him.
Michael said, "I intend to take you at your word and spend five minutes in Paradise. My girlfriend told me that she'll blow a whistle when I am out of time. So if you want my vote, you need to start kissing me now."
Ashley laughed and said, "OK I think I can handle that."
Ashley put her hands behind Michael's head and pulled his lips to hers. She pushed her tongue into his mouth as he wrapped his arms around her back. He pulled her supple body against his bare chest. At first he was content with Ashley's expert kissing and only caressed her bare back. But as he became aroused one of his hands dropped to her practically bare buttocks. He grabbed her ass and pulled her against him. She could feel his erection through his Speedo racing suit. He started to grind against her. As she tried to pull back, he slid his hand under the top of her suit and pinched her firm nipple. Ashley gasped as he fondled her breast. His fingers on her butt slid down between her ass cheeks and pressed against her perineum. His fingers brushed up her ass crack again before plunging back down. This time he slipped his fingers under her suit bottom and found her wet pussy.
Ashley was getting concerned. There was no telling if Michael would stop or proceed to rape her. She considered using her karate skills to escape if necessary, but she did not want to risk embarrassing Michael and losing a lot of support. She also knew she could get him off with a handjob. She decided that was the best she could do. Ashley pushed her hand down the front of Michael's Speedo and seized his erection.
It was Michael's turn to gasp as Ashley's fingers wrapped around his throbbing cock and pulled it free. Ashley started to pump her hand up and down his cock. Ashley hoped to distract Michael, but he remained focused on Ashley's pussy. He slipped a finger into her sopping vagina and began to work it deeper. Soon he was pumping his finger into her pussy in time with her stroking his cock. Ashley groaned when his other hand started to rub her clit through the material of her suit bottom.
Ashley stroked faster as Michael's fingers found their way inside of her suit and began caressing her shaved pussy. Ashley's body started to tremble as one of Michael's fingers pressed against her G-spot while his other hand strummed across her clit. Ashley climaxed first and her body shook. Only Michael's hands kept her from collapsing on the floor. She was aware that she was still in the danger of being raped. Michael was slowly walking her toward the bed as his hands continued their assault on her clit and sopping wet pussy.
Ashley whimpered as she strove to bring Michael to a climax. She could not believe he had such stamina. She moved her other hand to his balls and raked her nails across them. Just as her knees backed against the bed, she was rewarded with a stream of cum from his pulsating cock. Michael's cum ran down her leg that was already wet with her pussy juices.
They stood there for a moment with their fingers still coupled with the others sex. They were panting and sweating. The room smelled of sex.
They were startled by the sound of a whistle. Ashley was amazed. It had only been five minutes.
Michael was the first to recover and said, "Well you have my vote. I think I can convince my girlfriend to vote for you too. Probably best if I tell her that we talked the whole time."
With that, Michael slipped out the door.
Ashley stumbled into the bathroom and cleaned herself up with a wet hand cloth. She found some air freshener and sprayed the room. When she felt like she had recovered, she went to the door. Ryan looked at her questioningly.
Ashley said, "Well he wanted five minutes of kissing. I think I have Michael's vote. Who's next?"
Ryan said, "Daniel is next. Be careful, he's pretty drunk. I have doubts he'll vote for you, so it's not worth it to waste your effort."
Daniel staggered into the pool house and stood staring at Ashley's scantily clad body. He hesitated as if he was trying to figure out where he was and what he was going to do next.
Daniel pulled his phone and said, "I have some pictures from Ellen's party. She's going to win by a landslide."
Ashley said, "What makes you say that? Her party may be larger, but the football players carry a lot more influence."
Daniel said, "Not as much weight as the senior class president. Zach was elected by nearly 90% of the students. Ellen has his solid backing."
Ashley said, "How would you know that? Zach and I have a lot of classes together and I think we are friends. Maybe we're not close friends but still we have a lot in common."
Daniel said, "OK if you want proof take a look at this picture."
Daniel showed Ashley an image of a topless Ellen on her knees in front of Zach. He was wearing only a tee shirt. Ellen had Zach's penis in her smiling mouth and she was looking directly into the camera.
Daniel said, "So I think you can kiss his vote goodbye and a lot of the students will follow him. You might still win with the football team, but it'll be tight. Every vote is going to be crucial. So I have a request if you want my vote. After what you did for Michael, I don't think you'll have a problem."
Ashley realized she shouldn't be surprised that the guys were bragging about their encounters with her. But it made her nervous and she looked around the room with apprehension. Daniel was big and fast and she didn't want to be cornered. She walked over to her pool bag and pretended to search for something. She was now closer to the door than Daniel.
Ashley asked, "OK Daniel I'm all ears. What is your demand?"
Daniel blinked, "It's just a request. But all I want in exchange for my valuable vote is to have sex with you."
"Sex?"
"Yeah we fuck and you get my vote."
Ashley said, "I don't think so. I'm saving myself for someone special. Guess I don't get your vote."
Daniel growled, "You stuck up bitch! You're worse than Ellen you little tease. I'll fuck you whether you like it or not."
He sprang at Ashley but even if he was sober his lunge would have failed. Ashley grabbed him by the shoulders and used his momentum to spin him into the ground. He was up quickly despite being so large and drunk. This time he went for her legs. Ashley nimbly dodged Daniel and kicked him soundly. Ashley opened the door and Ryan quickly responded. Ryan was bigger and nearly sober. He put Daniel in an arm lock and marched him over to the security guard.
When Ryan returned, he said, "Are you OK?"
Ashley said, "I'm OK. You warned me about Daniel so I wasn't surprised. What did you do with him?"
"I had the security guard call a cab to take him home. He's so wasted I doubt he'll remember anything. Tomorrow I'll try telling him he had his five minutes in paradise and promised to vote for you. It may not work, but it's worth a shot."
Ashley said, "You might as well get the next person before I get anxious."
Ryan said, "Well OK, next up is our team manager Brandon."
Ashley said, "Oh, I know Brandon. I'm surprised he's the team manager. He's really smart and I have him in several of my advanced placement classes. I can't figure out why he'd bother with football."
Ryan said, "Well Brandon hates physical activity and being team manager gets him out of gym class. Despite being a total geek, he's friendly and does an excellent job. Everyone on the team likes him. I even gave him a packet of Myobar to see if we can grow any muscles on his scrawny body."
Ryan waved to Brandon, who was laughing at something Michael was saying. Brandon was tall and skinny. As he walked over to the pool house, his arms and legs flailed about as if he was a drunken puppet.
As soon as the door closed, Brandon said, "You need me. I'm the president of the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics club. Every nerd in school will vote for you if I give the word. I figure I can get you 23 to 28 votes easy."
Ashley smiled at Brandon, "OK, I agree with you. What do you want in exchange?"
Brandon said, "Great, I'm glad you see the value because the price is high."
Brandon pulled out his smart phone and showed Ashley, the familiar picture of Ellen and Zach. Then Brandon swiped to the next picture that showed Ellen still holding Zach's cock with cum on her smiling face.
Brandon said, "I've got more pictures from Ellen's party, but you get the drift of what Ellen is doing. I want you to do the same for me. Remember I'm offering you nearly ten percent of the senior class votes. Otherwise we all vote for Ellen."
Ashley said, "OK but no pictures."
Ashley leaned in to kiss Brandon and he held her off. Brandon said, "Don't waste your time on kissing. I know Ryan's timing us so just get to it."
Ashley dropped to her knees and gripped the sides of Brandon's baggy swim trunks. As she pulled them down, she gasped in astonishment. Ashley had never seen anything so large. She had watched some porn with her brother and Brandon beat all of the porn stars.
Brandon said, "I expect you to take all of it if you want our votes."
Ashley looked up at Brandon and shook her head as she said, "I don't know if I can handle it. My god, Brandon, it's a monster."
Brandon said, "I guess you'd better figure out how real quick."
Ashley grabbed his cock with two hands and there was still plenty left over. She leaned in and began to lick the head to coat it with saliva. She took a couple of inches into her mouth and ran her tongue around the head. She started to work her hands in unison. Sometimes she pumped and sometimes she twisted them in opposite directions as she sucked and licked the head of his cock. She thought she must be dreaming as it grew even bigger and firmer.
Brandon reached down and pulled one of her hands off of his cock. He moved her freed hand to cup his balls. Then he moved his hands to the back of her head and began to pump his cock into her mouth. With only one of Ashley's hands wrapped around the base of his monstrous erection, the head of his cock was forcing its way down her throat. Ashley concentrated on her breathing to stifle her gag reflex. Every few seconds she would pull his cock out as far as Brandon's hands on the back of her head would allow. She took a couple of deep breaths before taking his cock back into the depths of her throat.
Ashley pumped frantically with the hand on the base of his cock. She began to massage his balls firmly. Brandon forcefully thrust his cock into her warm wet mouth over and over. Ashley's breath was becoming ragged and she gasped for air every time she was able to pull away. Brandon reached down and pulled her other hand from his cock and placed it on his lean ass. With nothing to hold him back, Brandon plunged his cock into the depths of Ashley's throat. His hands on the back of her head pulled her lips to the base of his cock. His balls bounced off of her chin as he rapidly stroked his cock into the depths of her throat. Brandon was overcome by his lust and no longer giving her time to breath.
Ashley's nostrils flared as she struggled for breath and tears were running down Ashley's cheeks. Ashley feared she would pass out if he didn't cum soon. She desperately ran her fingernails over Brandon's balls and squeezed firmly.
Brandon's body shook as he let out a long groan. He shot wad after wad of cum down Ashley's throat. As the trembling Brandon relaxed his grip on Ashley's head, she pulled back coughing and gasping for breath. Brandon's cock shot its last load of cum onto her face. Ashley sat back on her haunches and rested her head on Brandon's thigh.
Brandon put a hand under Ashley's chin and tilted her head up. Cum was dripping down her face and running from her open mouth.
Brandon said, "You just gave me my first blowjob and it was awesome. I'll even forgive you for not swallowing all of my cum. However, you aren't done. You can quit after you clean my cock."
Ashley looked up at Brandon and smiled weakly. As she stared at his face, she wondered what had happened to the shy quiet Brandon? Well, she had come this far. She ran her tongue over her lips and swallowed the cum in her mouth. She looked up at Brandon and started to lick all traces of cum from his cock. As she licked along the length of his now flaccid cock, it twitched and began to grow in her hands.
Brandon said, "Hey maybe we have time for a second round. I think it would be lots of fun to try a 69."
Before Ashley could protest, they were interrupted by Ryan's knock on the door.
Brandon said, "Damn! Guess I'll have to wait until next time."
Brandon pulled up his swimsuit and headed to the door.
Ashley headed for the bathroom and told Brandon, "Ask Ryan to give me a couple of minutes before the next person."
Ashley quickly washed her face. She found some mouthwash in the cabinet and hoped it would cover the smell of cum. She found the spray can of air freshener and did the room. Only then did she open the door to tell Ryan she was ready. She saw Brandon surrounded by a group of laughing guys. One of them ruffled his hair and slapped him on the back.
Ryan said, "Tyler is the last one. It should be easy since he's bringing his longtime girlfriend, Megan."
Tyler was the center and he had a massive body. Ashley had to refrain from laughing since Megan was very petite. She had a lot of curves packed into her small frame and her bikini displayed them beautifully. Megan was barely five feet tall and weighed less than a third of Tyler's 320 pounds. Ashley wondered how big Tyler would be when he finished growing. She was glad Megan was with him.
Ashley was becoming nervous around the football players. They seemed to go from gentle to uncontrollably aggressive in seconds. Ashley had felt overwhelmed by Michael and even Brandon. Karate was great when your opponent was somewhat close to you in size. Ashley felt she could defend herself against most men, but these guys were mammoth and fast.
Tyler said, "Hi Ashley. You know you have our votes, but Megan has a request. Go ahead Megan."
Megan stared at her feet and blushed. She shook her head and remained quiet.
Ashley said, "Well Tyler, I guess you will have to ask for her."
Now it was Tyler's turn to blush but he managed to stammer out their request.
"Well, Brandon told us about your meeting with him. Megan and I have talked about doing it, but she's nervous. She thinks that somehow she'll do it wrong. So we thought maybe you could give her a lesson. She'd really appreciate it. Well, actually I'd appreciate it a lot. So what do you say?"
Ashley smiled to put them at ease and said, "I'd be glad to give Megan a lesson. But I'm really not an expert or anything. Everything I know I read on the web and then practiced. You'd be surprised how much you can learn by practicing with a banana."
Everyone laughed and relaxed.
Megan said, "I don't see any bananas."
Ashley said, "Well at the risk of significant personal injury to Tyler, I think we will have to practice on the real thing. So Megan maybe you can help me remove Tyler's swim trunks."
Tyler said, "Don't I at least get a kiss to warm up?"
Ashley said, "Ryan is timing us so you'll have to wait until I get Megan started. Come on Megan let's get to work."
Ashley knelt down in front of Tyler and Megan joined her. Ashley and Tyler each grabbed the side of Tyler's swim trunks and pulled them down to his feet. Tyler's cock was already partially erect and just inches in front of their faces.
Ashley looked up at Tyler and smiled, "Wow it's beautiful! Megan you are one lucky girl. Have you ever played with it?"
Megan said, "Well, I've jacked him off several times but I've never tried to give him head. I just don't know where to start."
Ashley said, "Great, I'm glad you're comfortable touching his cock because that is where you are going to start. Just wrap one hand around the base. That will allow you to control it and keep him from shoving it down your throat. It takes a lot of practice to deep throat a guy and it's not necessary anyway."
Ashley shuddered as she remembered Brandon fucking his massive cock down her throat.
Megan said, "Oh, but don't the guys want to deep throat?"
Ashley said, "Actually you can give them more stimulation with the head of his cock in your mouth rather than in your throat. I think the whole deep throat thing is just a male power trip. OK, so now you have your hand wrapped around the base of his cock. We are going to slowly build up to the climax. The first thing is to lick the head of his cock. Go ahead."
Megan leaned in and gave Tyler's cock a tentative lick. She sat back and smiled up at Tyler.
Megan said, "It tastes like Tyler but more intense. I think I like it."
Ashley said, "OK just keep licking around the head and shaft. When it's good and wet, I'll tell you the next step. If you want, you can start gently pumping his shaft with your hand."
Megan leaned in again and licked around the head before working on Tyler's shaft. Her hand began to move slowly on his penis.
Ashley said, "OK, now take the head into your mouth and wrap your lips around the shaft. That's good. Now use your tongue to lick the head of his cock while you move your lips up and down his shaft. The idea is to provide a nice wet, warm and firm place just like your pussy. Now try moving your hand and your mouth in opposite directions."
Tyler was grinning down at Megan as her mouth bobbed up and down on his beefy cock.
Ashley said, "Tyler if you want you can put your hand behind Megan's head and guide her pace. Just don't force your cock down her mouth. Megan every now and then it's kind of a turn on if you look up at Tyler and smile. Oh and you can use your free hand to massage his balls. Normally a guy's balls are very sensitive to pain but during sex they can handle a lot more pressure. They are really erogenous. You can lick them or even suck them into your mouth."
Tyler gently placed his left hand on the back of Megan's head and encouraged her actions.
Tyler smiled at Ashley and said, "How about that kiss now?"
Ashley laughed and stood up. She leaned in from the side to give Tyler a light peck on the mouth.
Tyler put his massive right hand on the back of Ashley's neck and vehemently returned her light kiss. Tyler pushed his tongue into her mouth. Ashley wrapped her arms around Tyler's neck and pressed her lips against his. Ashley didn't think Tyler would hold out much longer to Megan's ministrations and thought it was easier to go along with Tyler's desires.
Tyler ran his hand down Ashley's back and cupped her practically bare ass. He kneaded her ass cheek as he pinned her body to his hip. He slowly worked his fingers between her ass cheeks and ran up and down her crack. He kept working his fingers lower and lower. Ashley squirmed in his grip as his finger slipped under her suit bottom and found her dripping wet pussy. Ashley whimpered as Tyler worked his massive finger into her willing pussy. She used her hands on his shoulders to push her upper body away from Tyler.
Ashley looked up at Tyler and realized he was getting close. He was now thrusting his hips in time to an increased pace he was directing with his hand on Megan's head. His finger in Ashley's wet pussy was moving in time with his other hand. Ashley's body began to shudder as her body also got closer to an orgasm.
Ashley gasped, "Get ready Megan, Tyler is about to cum in your mouth. So don't be surprised. You are doing great!"
A few strokes later, Tyler shuddered as he shot his cum into Megan's mouth. His finger in Ashley's pussy trembled against her G-spot and Ashley came hard.
Tyler bellowed, "Oh my God, oh my God!"
Tyler held Megan's head pressed into his groin. She continued to gently milk his balls and cock. Finally, he pulled away leaving a thin thread of cum from his cock to her lips. Megan reached up and caught the dangling cum. She shoved the finger into her mouth. She proceeded to lick the last drop from the tip of Tyler's cock.
Tyler let Ashley crumple to the floor at his feet. Her body continued to tremble as she gasped for breath.
Megan sat back on her haunches and smiled up at Tyler. She said, "I like the taste. I'm going to have to have more, lots more." With that she giggled.
Tyler bent down and lifted Megan up. He gave her a big kiss and pushed his tongue into her mouth tasting the remains of his orgasm. Megan wrapped her hands in Tyler's short hair and ground her body against him. Eventually, they broke their kiss.
Tyler said, "I'm glad you like the taste. I'm happy to give you as much cum to eat as you want."
Megan said, "Thanks, Ashley I don't know why I was nervous. That was a lot of fun."
Tyler said, "I'm happy because I thought I was having all of the fun."
Tyler pulled on his swim trunks and they headed for the door.
Ryan said, "Well that's the last one. Guess we can go back to the party and wrap it up."
Ashley said, "I'll be right with you. I just want fix my hair."
Ryan said, "OK see you in a couple of minutes."
Ashley looked over Ryan's shoulder and yelled, "You've got a fire. Someone just knocked over one of your tiki lamps."
Ryan shouted, "What idiots!"
Ryan grabbed a fire extinguisher from the pool house and ran for the fire. Luckily the torch had fallen on a patch of grass.
Ashley closed the door and took her beach bag into the bathroom. She undid her long braid and combed out the snarls. She braided her hair and fastened the end with a tie. As she finished washing her face, she heard the door to the pool house open.
Ashley yelled over her shoulder, "Ryan I'm in here."
Ashley walked back into the bedroom carrying her bag. She was surprised to find Jordan standing by the door.
"Hi Jordan, what's up?"
"A lot has changed since we talked earlier."
Ashley just said, "Oh like what?"
"First a friend of mine at Ellen's party had an excellent time in a one on one. Second a bunch of guys at this party got special treatment too. Seems like all I got from you was a lot of words."
Ashley said, "If I remember you said you needed to think about it when I asked for your support. It seems you have now come to some decision. So what do you want in exchange for your support?"
Jordan said, "I heard about how you beguiled Michael, Tyler, and even Brandon. What I want to know is if you have a problem with black cock or if you think those white guys are better than me."
Jordan's intensity was making Ashley nervous. She tried to stay calm as she looked Jordan in the eye and said, "Well I'd like to think that I'm not prejudiced. Since we have a number of classes together, I know you better than Michael and Tyler and I respect your talents. I'd like to have you as a friend even if you don't vote for me. Please let me know if I've said or done something offensive. I'm more than willing to learn."
Jordan said, "We can talk about being friends some other time. Right now, we are talking about what you can do to get the black vote for your stupid homecoming queen election. To put it bluntly, I want the same treatment you gave Brandon. I'm sure I can deliver more votes than him."
Ashley gave him a faint smile as she said, "As usual Jordan, I cannot argue with your logic. I did ask what you wanted and I have to appreciate your straightforward answer. How do you want to start?"
Jordan said, "I'd like to begin with an enthusiastic kiss and playing with your sweet breasts. Then you can do a repeat of your Brandon act."
Ashley laughed uneasily and put her arms around Jordan's thick neck. She pressed her lips against his thinking she that she was glad that the pool party was almost over. Jordan's breath was sharp with the smell of beer.
Jordan pulled on the tie to Ashley's top and tossed the scanty piece onto the bed. He seized her ample breasts in his strong hands and started kneading them firmly. He pinched one of her nipples and rolled it between his thick fingers. Ashley moaned as Jordan pushed his tongue into her mouth. Jordan moved his hands to cup Ashley's buttocks and began to grind against her groin.
Ashley tried to take control, but Jordan's hands held her body in a vice. Finally, when Jordan grasped the ties on her suit bottom, Ashley dropped to her knees. Ashley lost her suit bottom and Jordan tossed it onto the bed. Ashley clutched the top of Jordan's skimpy swimsuit and pulled it to his feet. Jordan stepped out of his Speedo and kicked it onto the bed.
Ashley gazed at Jordan's erect cock for a bit before she seized it in her hands. Jordan's cock wasn't as long as Brandon, but it was considerably thicker. Ashley gave it a few strokes as she started to lick the bulbous head. She was relieved when it didn't grow much larger. She worked her tongue along the shaft as she continued to pump on his erection. Ashley opened her mouth wide as she took the head into her mouth. She sucked his cock into her mouth as she flicked her tongue over the tip. Ashley listened to his labored breathing and thought she could get him off quickly. Ashley lightly raked her nails over his balls.
Jordan put his hands behind her head and started thrusting into her warm, wet mouth. As her hand and mouth picked up speed, she began massaging his balls with more vigor. Ashley was thrilled because she could tell he was getting close.
Suddenly Ashley was thrown face down onto the bed and Jordan quickly pinned her with his knee in the middle of her back.
Ashley yelled, "What are you doing? Let me go! Ryan help!"
Jordan stuffed his Speedo into her mouth and tied it in place with her suit top. He crossed her wrists behind her back and tied them with her suit bottom. Ashley struggled against the full weight of Jordan's body. Jordan's hand smacked hard against her squirming buttocks. He spanked her three more times in rapid succession.
Jordan growled, "Settle down you stupid bitch. I'm not going to hurt you, but we are going to have a little fun. Then I'm going to promise the support of the black seniors and you are going to keep your mouth shut."
Jordan kept his knee in the middle of Ashley's back as he grabbed Ashley's beach bag. He emptied the contents on the bed. He seized a bottle of body lotion and swept the rest of the items onto the floor. Ashley began to writhe under Jordan's weight when she saw what Jordan was holding. Jordan slapped Ashley's quivering butt until she stopped twisting around. Ashley was whimpering into her gag.
Jordan squeezed some lotion onto his hand and into the crack of her ass. He ran his hand between her ass cheeks with a gentleness that surprised Ashley. When his finger found her anus, he applied pressure. Ashley wailed into the gag as Jordan's finger pushed past her sphincter. He worked the lotion around the entrance to her ass. He pulled his finger out and applied more lotion before pushing it back in. He slowly twisted and pressed his thick finger deeper and deeper. Tears were streaming down Ashley's face as she struggled to breath through her nose between her sobs.
Jordan pulled his finger from Ashley's curvaceous ass. He applied lotion to his firm cock and rubbed the lubricant over the length of his erection. For good measure, he squeezed more lotion over her ass. Jordan seized Ashley by her hips and raised her lower body off of the bed. He ran the tip of his firm erection up and down the crack of her ass. He paused with the head of his penis resting against her anus.
Jordan ran his eyes over Ashley's trim body trapped beneath him before he pressed firmly. Ashley tried to struggle as Jordan's penis penetrated her clenched sphincter. Jordan paused again with the head of his penis just inside. Ashley heard herself mewing between labored breaths. He stroked the sides of Ashley's torso tenderly before continuing his assault. Jordan continued to alternate pausing and pushing. When he had half his penis in her ass, Jordan began to slowly stroke in and out. Each time he pushed forward, he penetrated farther. It was a long time before he was completely buried in Ashley's warm ass. Ashley couldn't believe the thickness of Jordan's cock. The pressure was intense.
After giving Ashley time to recover, Jordan began to slowly pump his massive erection into her trembling body. Jordan reached one hand around the front of Ashley's body and seized her clit between two of his fingers. Ashley jerked as if she was shocked. Jordan tugged gently on her clit and rolled it between his fingers. As he built up the pace of his thrusts into her ass, he increased the vigor of his stroking of her defenseless clit.
Ashley felt a wave of pleasure wash over her body and she started to thrust back against Jordan. The intensity of her orgasm caught her by surprise and she shuddered uncontrollably around Jordan's cock. Then she could breath. Jordan had untied the gag and pulled his Speedo from her mouth. Jordan freed her arms and Ashley gasped for breath as she raised her sweaty body up on her elbows. Her pussy nectar were running down her thighs and Ashley's nostrils were filled with the smell of their sex. Ashley tried bucking her body forcefully against Jordan's cock, but he held his body pressed against her straining ass.
Ashley yelled, "Damn you Jordan stop teasing, fuck me hard!"
Jordan snickered, "Not until you come again bitch."
Jordan was flicking his fingertips rapidly over her clit. Ashley felt another wave start from her clit and sweep over her body. Jordan responded by pumping his cock deep into Ashley's ass in time with her hips that were now rushing to meet him. Ashley clenched her ass muscles as her orgasm shook her sweaty body. Jordan plunged his cock to the hilt and shot his seed deep into Ashley's bowels.
Jordan groaned, "Oh god, that was fucking awesome."
Still coupled they fell sideways on the bed. Their sweaty bodies were pressed together. Jordan gently ran his hands up her torso to cup her breasts. Their ragged breathing calmed as Jordan's cock shrank and fell from her ass. They cuddled as Ashley tried to comprehend what had just happened. Jordan had overpowered her but then her body had responded. She had relished the intense orgasms he had given her. Now she felt calm and content.
Jordan rolled over and sat up. He took his Speedo and pulled it on. He looked at Ashley, who was watching him with half-closed eyes.
Jordan said, "Well not to put it crudely, you were fantastic! You have my vote and I promise I'll deliver most of the black vote. If there is anything else, I can do to help just let me know."
Ashley said, "Thanks for your support Jordan."
Jordan left the room and Ashley stumbled into the shower. She winced when she washed her ass. Her clit felt tender as well. After she had scrubbed herself briskly, she rinsed out her swimsuit. She dried herself and pulled on the still wet swimsuit. She put on her pool wrap and sandals before leaving the pool house.
Ryan was helping the security guard load the last of the football players into a cab. Part of the lawn near the beer keg was scorched. Beth, Taylor, and Emily were sitting at a table by the pool and waved at Ashley.
Ryan came over and put his arm around Ashley.
"How did your lobbying go? Did you get all of the votes you hoped for?"
Ashley nodded, "Yeah, I did better than I expected. Seems I have most of the seniors on the team as well as the nerds and the Afro-Americans. We might have a chance at being king and queen for homecoming."
Ryan said, "In any case, you'll always be my queen."
"And you my king."
Ryan said, "I got a call from my Mom. It's good news. My grandmother is out of intensive care and they are moving her to a nursing facility. My Mom and Dad plan on coming home tomorrow night. I'm going to stay here tonight so I can direct the clean up crew tomorrow. I hate to pay Sunday rates, but we made a mess."
Ashley said, "Oh I am so happy for you. That is incredible news. I was so worried about your grandmother."
Ryan said, "Yeah I thought she was at the end of her life. My Mom said she was alert and scolded my parents for wasting their time at the hospital."
Ashley laughed, "Any chance you saw my brother? How did he get on with Jessica? I'm surprised her Dad let her come."
Ryan said, "Josh and Jessica spent a lot of the time in the gazebo overlooking the valley. He had to get her back before 1 o'clock, but when he left he had a big smile on his face."
Ashley said, "Well I guess I'd better leave too. I'm going to miss having you staying at my home. It was a lot of fun."
Ryan said, "Yeah I gained a couple of pounds on your Dad's cooking, but I particularly liked playing your party game."
Ashley said, "As I recall Emily and I won that game."
"What do you mean the two of you won? As I remember, you said several times that everyone won."
Ashley laughed, "I think you know what I meant."
Ashley gave Ryan a quick kiss and said, "Good night. It was a great party."
Ryan said, "Well I'm glad you enjoyed it but frankly I'm glad it's over. I've got enough to think about with school starting on Wednesday and our first game on Friday."
Ashley said, "You'll do great on Friday and I'm always available if you need help with schoolwork."
"Thanks, Ashley. Goodnight."
Ryan gave Ashley a long kiss and then let her go and join her friends.
Ashley asked Beth, "You guys ready to go?"
Beth said, "We've been ready for some time. Let's blow this joint."
The girls all yelled thanks to Ryan for the party.
In the car, Beth said, "I'm glad we don't have practice tomorrow. Even though, it was only four hours today, Saturday practice sucks. It made it harder to enjoy the party."
Beth dropped Ashley and Emily off first before driving down the hill to Riverdale. The two girls found Josh and Ashley's Dad Robert in the kitchen. Josh was holding an ice bag to his jaw.
Ashley asked, "What happened to you?"
Josh groaned, "Jessica's Dad met us when I dropped her off. He was in a rage. It seems he tracks Jessica and someone posted pictures from the party. The topless girls in the pool were bad enough, but someone took some pictures of Jessica and me in the gazebo. Jessica was sitting in my lap and my hand was inside of her suit."
Robert said, "What were you thinking? Everyone has a smartphone these days. There is no such thing as privacy especially at a party of drunken teenagers."
Josh said, "I wasn't drunk, but I'm not sure about Jessica. She's not used to drinking and two beers might have been too much."
Ashley said, "So Jessica's Dad hit you? You are way bigger than him."
Josh said, "I certainly was not going to hit Jessica's Dad in front of her. I just backed away and tried to calm him down, but he wasn't listening. He said that Jessica was grounded for the year and he never wanted her to see me again. Jessica isn't even allowed to talk to me in school. Then his language got really colorful especially for a preacher."
Robert said, "For now I'd recommend just lying low for now. He may calm down. His wife is a lot more worldly and she may be able to change his mind. If not then you just have to accept his decision."
Ashley moved Josh's ice bag to examine the damage.
Ashley asked, "It doesn't look too bad yet. It may show some bruising tomorrow. Since you have no trouble talking, I'm sure nothing is broken."
Josh said, "Well, I've had worse injuries playing sports."
Robert said, "I think it's time everyone got to bed. We can talk more in the morning. I'll have breakfast late, maybe around 1100."
As Ashley and Emily got ready for bed, Emily asked, "Does this mean Josh is available?"
Ashley laughed, "From everything I've heard, Jessica's Dad will never change his mind. But if you want to know for sure, you can go ask Josh."
Emily said, "You mean now? I thought maybe you might want some company. I know I got really turned on by all of those beefy guys at the party."
Ashley said, "Emily, I'm exhausted. So if you want some relief, I'm sure Josh would be glad to help. From what he said, he got pretty excited at the party too."
Emily laughed, "OK if I'm not back in five minutes then I am spending the night with Josh. Damn the last week has been bizarre."
Ashley gave Emily a kiss and a pat on her ass as she said, "Goodnight and good luck."