GOLDEN BUKKAKE BEACH

Chapter 1
Kyle looked down and saw that hungry, sexy look in his wife's eyes that meant she was really excited. It was a look he loved. She was staring at his hand pumping up and down his cock as it pointed at her face. Her tongue was licking around her upper lips and her fingers were rubbing around her nether lips. He could hear the noise and see the shine on her flower that said she was extra wet and he loved that too. Having him masturbate on her face was something she liked when she was feeling especially naughty. And the sight of her pretty face just begging for his cum made it one of his favorite special acts too.
Then he saw Tina's eyes turn away from his penis and towards the TV. He looked that way too and saw that the new porn movie they'd been watching had gotten to the literal and figurative climax scene. The female star was lying back on a very sturdy massage table with a ring of men standing around her, all pumping at their erections, except for the guy up on the table with her, who was pumping away at her pussy.
"Give it to me," the video babe was saying to the seven cocks that she had gotten so hard. "Give me a sperm bath, jack off on me, please, give me your cum." Just then, two of the studs did, at almost the same time. One shot his load toward her small tits while the other aimed right at her open mouth.
She twisted her head to the side to catch as much of the second guy's spunk as she could, which she quickly swallowed down. What missed her mouth was dripping down her cheek and chin. Her hands moved to her breasts, smearing the white cream from the first man across them and rubbing and pulling on her nipples. "Yes," she moaned. "Oh, yes, come on me."
Then he realized that the video star wasn't the only one moaning. Tina was also, and her hips were moving in that way that told him she was getting close to orgasm from their dual masturbation action.
He reached down and grabbed one of her breasts, rolling the big nipple between his thumb and forefinger. "Does she look good to you, baby?"
"Oh, yeah," she panted. Then she gasped. Kyle looked at the screen and saw that another guy was spraying an even bigger load on the dark haired girl's face.
"Why, baby?" he asked. "Tell me what's so exciting?" He twisted her nipple harder.
"So much cum," she groaned.
"And she loves it, doesn't she?" he said. "Look at her, she wants it so much. She doesn't care who sees her, she just wants that cum. What a sexy, horny slut."
"She is. Look at her now." Kyle saw that the girl was now pushing a big wad of cum from her cheek into her mouth with her fingers.
Kyle was kneeling alongside Tina's head and he pushed in closer, putting the head of his cock on her lips which opened so her tongue could lick at him. "You like cum too, don't you baby?"
"Oh yes," she said. "Are you going to give me your cum now?"
"I will soon," he answered. "I'm going to give you a big load. But would you like more? Would you like to have lots of cum, like her?"
She just groaned, lifting her head up to take his cockhead in her mouth while her fingers started moving faster over her clit.
"Yeah, I know you would, baby. Two or three or four more cocks all pointing at you, all getting ready to cover your pretty face with their cum. That would be fucking hot, wouldn't it?" He pulled his prick out of her mouth and started hitting her cheeks and lips with it. "Wouldn't it?" he demanded.
"God, yes," she admitted.
"Do you want that baby? Do you want to do what she's doing?"
"Would you let someone do that to me, baby?" she asked.
"I would if you asked for it," he answered. "I'd let some guys jack off on you if you asked for it. Do you want to ask for it, Tina?"
A cloud of uncertainty passed over the glow of passion in her eyes; unsure where the line between fantasy and reality stood at this precise moment.
"I mean it, baby. A bunch of cocks there just for you. Just waiting to spray all over my hot wife, to fill her mouth and cover her face and body with their hot cum. Do you want it?"
"Yes," she whispered.
"Then ask for it, baby." His fist moved faster up and down his shaft. "Ask for it."
"Give me your cum," she whimpered.
"Just mine?" he demanded.
"Yours and more," she answered. Her breath was coming faster, she was near her climax.
"Tell me what you want," he groaned.
"I want cum. I want lots of cum. I want you to watch other men jack off on me."
"Yes, baby. I'll watch as they shoot all over you. As they cum all over your face. Like this!" he grunted. His thick, white goo shot out hard at Tina's mouth.
"Oooohhh," she moaned as the feel and taste of his splooge set off her own orgasm. Her body was shaking and she couldn't even try to catch his load, but it didn't matter to him as he kept pumping away, watching his cum splat all over her face.
Her orgasm lasted a long time, a good long time. It was minutes before she stopped shaking and chuffing, then trembling and panting. When she did start to settle down, he leaned over her head so his softening prick could still reach her face. He used it to push cum from her chin and cheeks into her mouth. Her mouth opened for it like a baby bird and she swallowed every drop, finally sucking his spent rod into her mouth and licking him clean.
"Oh yeah," he purred, "What a beautiful, cum-hungry slut you are. God, I love you." Then he leaned down and kissed her deeply, tasting his own seed in her hot mouth.
"I love you, too," she whimpered, taking him in her arms and pulling him down to lay alongside her as the sperm masque dried on her face.
Chapter 2
The next morning, as she laid a plate of bacon and eggs in front of him at the breakfast table, he said, "It would have to be strangers, not someone we know."
"Who would have to be strangers?" she asked as she set down her own plate and sat.
"We'd want to do it with guys we wouldn't see again. I mean, if it turned out that it wasn't something we wanted to repeat, then we wouldn't want to have guys around us every day who knew and might talk about it or bother us to do it again."
"What are you talking about?" she asked, speaking more slowly this time.
"I mean what you asked for last night," he answered, looking deep into her eyes.
"Last night? You aren't talking about us really doing something like that, are you?"
"We've both come hard from that role play many times," he reminded her. Then he added in an encouraging tone, "And when I asked you last night, it sounded like you really would like to do it for real."
"Kyle," she said, with a bit of exasperation. "I mean, it's exciting to talk about when we're making love, but it's actually a very serious thing. I mean actually doing it." She paused, then decided to push back a bit. "Wouldn't you be jealous?"
"When we watch those kinds of movies you get wet and I get hard. I don't think you get excited because you see a person you want to be with instead of me. I think you see bodies. I think you see cocks and cunts and mouths and assholes doing exciting things. Things that you like, or would like, to do. And if you did it with them it wouldn't be because you were in love with them, but because it was fun and exciting. So, no, I don't think I would get too jealous. But just in case, that's why we'd do it with strangers. So neither of us would be constantly reminded of it in case we ended up not liking it."
"Do you really want that?" she asked quietly. "Do you want to see me with another man?"
"Well, I'm not talking about letting some other guy fuck you; that could be pushing things too far. But what we talked about last night? That could be a fantasy to try."
He carried on. "I know you were excited by the idea last night after the wine and the porno, but is it a fantasy you think about at other times? Does the idea of having a bunch of guys jack off on you excite you now?"
"I don't know what to say, I mean are you really serious? Are you teasing me or trying to trick me into saying something...saying something -- Well, what about you?" she pushed back. "Does the idea excite you or do you just think I want to do it and so you'll let me? Or is this some kind of loyalty trap?" Her brow furrowed and her voice trailed off.
Her husband held up his hands in surrender and smiled. "Okay, okay, I get it. I did just come out of the blue with this and we could go around in circles forever trying to get the other one to admit something first. So I will.
"Yes, the idea does excite me. Yes, I would like to see you do it for real. But it's not the kind of thing I'd ask you to do for me without you wanting it too. So I'm asking if you want to."
"Well, you know I think it's exciting, but..."
"Tell you what, we both think it's an exciting idea, so let's just go ahead and talk abouthowwe would do it and then we can decide whether we actually want to or not."
Her look was still suspicious, but she went with it. "Well, how would we do it? I agree about not wanting to do it with anyone from around here. So how would we find the others? Recruit guys from some online forum?"
"We could do that," he mused. "But I'm thinking something more spontaneous would be more fun. There's a three-day weekend coming up. We could fly down to San Diego and spend the weekend at a hotel by the beach. I bet it would be easy to find some guys hanging out."
"What, just walk up and ask different guys? Maybe I could just wear a sign around my neck."
"Actually, I think you will wear a sign," Kyle replied. "At least you'll wear something that will give signs that you're interested in something special and then we can ask the guys who show an interest."
"You make it sound like it would be so easy to find some interested guys."
His eyes just went up sardonically.
"Okay, okay, of course it would. After all, we are talking about men," she sneered.
"So, how would thissignidea of yours work?" she continued. This might just be an extension of their fantasy games, she thought, but she was getting into the idea now.
"We go down to the beach with you in your sexiest bathing suit. We look for a promising group of guys and we put our beach towels down next to them. I guarantee they'll be sneaking looks at you if they don't just stare. Then we just act sexy. Maybe your breasts will come out of your swim suit top by accident while I rub oil onto your skin. Maybe you'll rub my crotch as you smile and wink at some young stud. Sooner or later, maybe when I leave you alone to get sodas from the snack stand, one or two will smile and wink back and maybe come over and talk to you. Then I'll come back and invite them to stay and talk with both of us. Sooner or later the talk will turn to sex and we'll bring up the idea of fantasies. And if you think the guys are cute enough, safe enough, exciting enough, then we'll let them know about your fantasy. And that's how we'll do it," he finished.
"And then what?" she whispered.
Kyle stood up and walked around the table to stand next to his wife. Slowly he undid his belt and opened his zipper, looking into her eyes the whole time. Then he pushed his pants and underpants down, freeing his half-swollen penis. "And then this," he said in a low voice, pulling her head into his crotch, shoving his meat into her mouth where it quickly swelled to full size.
Chapter 3
The airport shuttle got them to the hotel from the airport just after One o'clock Friday afternoon. They checked into their room which was very nicely furnished with a small seating area as well as a king size bed. It also had a balcony overlooking the beach and Tina and Kyle walked outside. It was a beautiful day and there were a lot of people down on the sand. Kyle stood behind his wife, holding her in his arms, resting his chin on her shoulder. "Isn't this great?" he said, kissing her ear.
"Yes. But I'm nervous," she admitted.
"Don't worry," he said. "We still haven't done anything and we still don't have to. If it doesn't feel right, then we won't. But it's still a beautiful weekend at the beach and we'll still going to have a good time. The fantasy is only a part of it and not the most important part. The most important part for me is being with you." He turned Tina around in his arms and kissed her. "I love you, babe."
"I love you, too," she said. After the next kiss she said with a bit of anxiety, "Are you sure you won't be disappointed if we don't go through with it?"
"Not at all," he assured her. "If it doesn't feel right for one of us, I'm sure it won't feel right for the other one either. But that doesn't mean I still won't be fucking your brains out this weekend," he leered.
She laughed. "You are so bad. You actually want to put your wife into a bukkake party with bunch of strange men." The words and tone were condemning, but the smile and the glint in her eyes were wicked with anticipation.
"And you're going to rub every drop of sperm that hits you into your skin like the highest-priced skin lotion on the market. We're both bad," he added with a lustful grin. Then he squeezed her tighter, kissed her deeper, and pressed his growing erection against her.
Chapter 4
"What do we do now?" she purred half an hour later, rubbing her thighs together and feeling his cum squish inside her well-pleased pussy.
He lifted himself up on an elbow. "We go out and scout around. See what's going on and if it feels like everything will work out. Today we just have a regular fun time and decide if we want to go ahead with our plan tomorrow." He kissed her and then rolled out of the bed. "I'm going to take a quick shower," he said.
When Tina took her turn in the shower she felt Kyle's seed leaking down her leg. As she soaped her body she wondered about what they were doing. Part of her worried that it would somehow go wrong; the guys would be jerks or Kyle would get jealous after all and it would hurt their marriage. But as she washed her crotch, rinsing off her husband's slick, sticky cream, she thought about how excited he seemed to be by the idea and realized that thinking about it was generating a warm glow in her lower belly. Kyle had given her a good pounding, but even so she could still feel a fresh spark in her cunt as she mentally put herself in the place of the slut in the porn movie that had started this whole thing. Kyle was right, it was all still just fantasy now and there was plenty of time to back out. She expected that either her fear or her excitement would be stronger when it was finally time and she decided she'd let that feeling at that time tell her whether or not she could go through with it.
They walked down to the beach with some folding chairs and towels provided by the hotel. Kyle wore a pair of baggy shorts and a tank top and Tina was wearing a beach robe, under which she had on her less-sexy one piece. The very revealing string bikini would be for tomorrow, if they decided they wanted to reveal her.
They walked down to the water and then along it, scouting out the beach and its occupants. There was a large, undeveloped area between their hotel and the next one and they quickly realized that the farther from a hotel they were, the fewer families and more young adults they saw. They picked a place right between the two hotels, their intuition and observation having unknowingly led them to one of the preferred spots for local university students.
They set up their gear pretty far back from the water so they could see a lot of the action going on around them and figure out a good place to look for potential partners tomorrow. As she looked around, Tina saw that what Kyle had said back home was true, there were lots of guys around. Mostly young and quite a few very good looking with hard bodies. There were two sand volleyball courts off to one side and although there were several women there, there were half again as many guys. Closer to the water was a group of five young surfers, four of them male. And everywhere there were groups of two, three, or four people just hanging out. Some male, some female, some mixed.
After watching them for a while, she saw that the groups of guys who didn't already have girls with them were spending a lot of time looking at the women on the beach.
"What are you thinking?" Kyle asked her.
"All these girls are so beautiful," she said, "and so young. Why would these boys want to be with me?"
"Because you're not a girl, you are a woman. Baby, your legs are as long and sexy as any I see here, your breasts are big and full and aren't phony like some I see, and you are just goddamned sexy."
She squeezed his upper thigh warmly. "Keep telling me lies like that and I'll let you in my knickers again," she said. She smiled as she said it and even blushed a little.
"So, which ones would you pick if you had your choice?" he asked. "There are a lot of young studs out here."
"They're so young, too. I'd be robbing the cradle."
"I wish I could have had such a sexy teacher when I was that age," he replied. "But you're right, you'll want young men, not green teenagers. So, no one under 18, no high-schoolers. Now, pick out the lucky pricks."
Chapter 5
"So", he said as he speared his last piece of lobster in the hotel's restaurant a few hours later. "You saw the looks you were getting out there today and there were plenty of guys to choose from. Do you believe me now that we can get you all the young cocks you want?"
"Yes," she said quietly, with a touch of exasperation that he wasn't whispering. She looked around to see if anyone was listening. But they were eating early and there was nobody close to their corner table.
"But Kyle, how can we be sure they'll only go as far as we want? It's not like they'd be paid actors or wanting to stay on our good side for a repeat invitation."
"Yeah, I've thought about that," he replied. "We can't pretend there's no risk, but we'll be in the hotel and can call for help if things go wrong somehow. But I think the main thing is just to be very careful about our choosing so we end up with guys who want to play the game our way.
"Now the question is, if we find some guys like that, do you want them?"
"Yes," she said, even more softly.
"Yes, what?" he demanded.
"Yes, I want them." Then before he could pressure her more she quickly said, "Do you want me to have them?"
"Yes."
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, I want to see a bunch of guys looking at your naked body, pointing their hard cocks at you, and spraying their cum all over you. What do you want?"
She reached out and took his hand in hers and looked deep into his eyes. "I want you to fuck me in front of a bunch of strange men while they jack off on me. But first I want you to take me upstairs and fuck me now."
So he did.
Chapter 6
It was foggy and cool over the beach the next morning, but that would burn off in a few hours and it would be another beautiful day. They had breakfast in their room and then took a tourist bus over to the San Diego Zoo. They walked around talking and laughing and holding hands and didn't say a word about the other thing. But when they got back to the hotel around 2:00 and got ready to go to the beach, Tina put on the skimpy bikini.
The thong barely covered her freshly-waxed mons and rode between her ass cheeks. The top wasn't much more than some triangles that left most of her slightly pendulous breasts uncovered. She put her robe on top and they headed out to the beach. Once again, the area between the hotels was almost like an undeclared no-kid zone, and they set up closer to the water than the day before.
She sat down on their large beach blanket with her legs curled under her and put her hand on the belt of her wrap.
"No," he said. "Stand up and take it off. Strip it off for me. Unwrap your body like the beautiful gift it is. I want everyone to see what a lucky man I am."
She got halfway up, stopping on one knee. "I'm feeling shy," she said. "I'm still not sure."
"Even if we weren't looking for partners I would have you do this, wouldn't I?"
She thought about it for a moment, then nodded. She knew her husband.
"And your pussy would be dripping from doing it."
Another small nod.
"And if I slipped right into that wet pussy, right here, it wouldn't be the first time we've done that in public, either."
She didn't bother mentioning that the back seat of a locked car at a highway rest stop or the 10thfloor balcony of a hotel in Hawaii weren't quite the same as a public beach with dozens of people in view and nothing between them. She just gave another nod.
"So even if we don't bring someone to bed with us, we'll have the memory of being naughty in front of all these people. We won't be in a movie, but we will be putting on a show. I want them to see you, I want to look around and see how many men, and women, are looking at my wife, wanting to make love to her. Stand up."
She did. And then, keeping her eyes on Kyle, she slowly undid the belt cinched around her waist, letting the robe fall open by itself. It caught on her breasts, only opening a few inches.
Her husband's breath caught in his throat; he never tired of the sight of her. He took in the smooth legs, saw the lips of her pussy pressing against the bikini bottom. His adoring gaze kept moving upwards, across her soft, womanly belly until he came to the tan line that highlighted the exposed, untanned undersides of her large breasts, hanging below the bikini top. Moving on, he saw that the tops of her breasts showed the same band of pale, untanned skin as they also squeezed out from under the tops of the tiny triangles.
When he finally completed the slow visual crawl up her body to her face, he found she had a questioning look, with doubt and thrill competing in her eyes. The doubt was quickly vanquished when she took in the look of animal hunger on his face and the obvious lump in his shorts.
She put her hands inside the opening of her robe at her waist, touching herself at the top edge of the bikini bottom. Slowly she moved them upwards, running her fingers across her skin. When they got to her breasts, she put the palms together as if praying and continued upwards, running the thumbs in her cleavage, below the bottom string of her bra. Rotating the palms inwards caused the triangles of material to be peeled up, until her hands covered her nipples in their place.
They weren't covered long, however. Now her hands moved out to the sides, pulling her robe open and leaving her uncovered breasts exposed. She made no move to put the bikini top back in place over her nipples, she just kept slowly pulling the robe open and back until it was clear enough for a shake of her shoulders to cause it to fall down to her elbows.
Kyle just stared. This was even better than he could have hoped for. She was staring right back at him with a "fuck me" look and he wanted to keep looking in her eyes. But her big, beautiful tits were just sitting there with the bikini bra resting on their tops, above the nipples, and he wanted to look at those too. Like all the people around them probably were, he thought.
Then she dropped her arms straight along her sides and the robe slid to the ground behind her. His mouth watered. After just a few seconds that seemed much longer, Tina slowly brought her hands back up and pulled the bikini top back into place over the fronts of her breasts. Kyle realized he had been holding his breath and slowly let it out.
Chapter 7
But his wife wasn't done yet. She slowly turned around to face the water, which left Kyle looking at her fantastic ass. Not as tight as it was at 22 when they'd met, but ten years of life, of strenuous exercise battling against implacable gravity, had left it fuller, softer and with a slight droop that was far more sensuous than a girl's.
She reached back with both hands and slid her fingertips under the thong where it connected to the waistband. Her open palms faced him and the backs of her hands rubbed over her ass cheeks as she slid them down, pulling the thong out of the crack of her ass. She slid her hands all the way down to the bottom and then kept going forward and under as she opened her legs a little wider. Kyle knew she was rubbing the backs of her fingers, the glossily-painted nails, against her pussy lips. Then just as slowly, she pulled her hands away and started walking down toward the water.
Kyle swallowed the lump in his throat and looked down to see it had apparently ended up in his crotch, where that early lump was now a serious bulge. He was glad he'd worn a pair of tight Speedos under his baggy shorts.
His eyes shot back up to his wife as she took the first steps towards the surf and then he remembered what they were there for and started looking around to see who else was watching.
Off to his left were two couples sitting together, one older, one younger. From the facial resemblances, Kyle took them for a husband and wife around 50 and their son and daughter-in-law, in their mid-20s. The older woman had an upset look on her face and was obviously trying to distract her husband so he wouldn't look Tina's way. Her son was also trying to stay out of trouble, but Kyle could see his eyes were unable to avoid following the scantily-clad woman. He was clearly struggling to keep his head from swiveling of its own accord, like a tracking radar.
Just ahead and to his right was a group of five guys with no girls, which was why he and Tina had chosen this spot. Kyle smiled and laughed to himself when he saw all five with huge eyes and jaws practically dragging in the sand. They didn't have wives or mothers around to chide them, so all five stared openly as his sexy wife paraded down to the water, the thong disappearing again between her round ass cheeks, half the globes untanned, like her breasts.
Suddenly, two of the guys got to their feet and started walking after her.So, Kyle thought,it's starting already. One of the guys still sitting by their cooler looked over at him, probably to see if there was going to be trouble. Kyle just smiled at him, which put a puzzled look on the kid's face, but didn't give him the courage to go after his friends.
Kyle could see that Tina was now into the water just up to her crotch. He watched as she ducked down, letting the water cover her to her shoulders, then came shooting up which sent the water splashing and her breasts bouncing in a way that begged to be filmed in slo-mo. The two boys who'd followed her must have thought so too, because they were moving haltingly now, like they were hypnotized. As they got closer, she adjusted her bikini top again, lifting her full breasts in her hands and giving them a little squeeze.
That and the friendly smile on her face finally woke the two young guys up enough to start talking to her, Kyle saw. He couldn't hear what they were saying, but he could see that Tina was laughing, probably charming the hell out of them. Kyle figured them to be about 20, give or take a year each in opposite directions. As they talked, the three of them slowly moved closer together and soon Tina was reaching out and touching the young men on their arms and shoulders as she flirted with them.
A small knot of doubt formed in Kyle's belly, jealousy would not be entirely denied. But this was how it had to happen if it was going to happen at all. Tina had to be comfortable with and even attracted to the men if it wasn't going to be just some clinical affair, as if they had recruited off Craig's List or something. After a few minutes all three turned and started walking back to the beach and Kyle worked to keep his face at least neutral.
As they approached Tina and Kyle's spot, the guys finally seemed to wake up to the fact that the hot 30-something wasn't alone, that a man, maybe her husband, was sitting right there. Taking in Kyle's lean face with the strong jaw and the wide shoulders above thick biceps, the two stopped a few feet short of the blanket while Tina walked on alone. She seemed surprised when she turned and saw them so far back.
"Come on over," she smiled. "I'd like you to meet my husband, Kyle."
The knot in his belly unraveled at the way she used his name and Kyle's face and voice turned friendly and repeated her invitation. The two youngsters went as far as stopping at the blanket's edge and bending down to shake hands and introduce themselves.
Any further introductory small talk dried up in the boys' mouths when Tina picked up her towel and started drying herself off, making it look like another sex act, like when she'd stripped off her robe.
Their two visitors just stared until Tina laughed and said, "You know, watchingmeisn't going to getyouany drier. Why don't you go get your towels?" As they turned to go she added, "And go ahead and ask your friends if they'd like to come join us. The more the merrier." The last was said in a husky voice, changing a common phrase into a wicked double entendre. The jaws on the two guys dropped open again and then they hustled over to get their stuff and talk to their buddies.
Kyle smiled as Tina lay down beside him on the blanket. In a low voice, he said, "You didn't have any trouble hauling those fish in, did you? Goddamn, baby, but I'm near ready to throw you down and start humping you right on this blanket. You are so fucking hot."
"Hot is right. I can't tell you how exciting it was to have them drooling over me like that. I want you to take me upstairs and slam me right now."
"But the question remains, do you want them there while I do? You've teased the hell out of them, but you can still stop it here, or you can have your cum bath. They're coming over and you'll have to make up your mind soon. I'm with you either way."
The five guys moved all their towels and cooler and everything else and started introducing themselves as they settled down on Tina and Kyle's large blanket, on either side of the older couple.
Chapter 8
Kyle had been right about their ages, they were all 19 -- 22, so the oldest was only ten years younger than them. But Tina still found herself mentally referring to them asthe boysorthe college boyssince all five were San Diego State students. One freshman, two sophomores, and two juniors. The four older guys were all in the computer science program, which was the main reason they'd ended up as a social group. One of the computer guys and the freshman were brothers. They were the two who'd been bold enough to follow Tina down to the water.
The older brother, Brad, told Kyle and Tina how they used their family's condo down at the beach whenever they could. His kid-brother John added that it was the perfect place for parties and that they usually invited a few friends to stay over on long weekends like this since it was a big place.
"With such a great place at your disposal, I'd think you'd have lots of girls lined up," said Tina, glancing around as if wondering where they were.
"Sometimes we do," Brad answered just a little defensively. "Other times we're more interested in surfing or just hanging out and doing a weekend brain drain."
"At least that's what we say when we haven't been able to find any girls," added one of the other guys and everybody laughed.
"So, what do you do on those days?" asked Kyle.
"The usual," answered John. "Drink beer, play cards, watch movies, work on our tans."
"Speaking of working on tans," said Tina, "Kyle, would you mind putting some oil on my back?"
And with that she turned over to lay on her belly on her towel. She propped herself up on her elbows so she could still see most of the men by swiveling her head.
"Hey, John," Kyle said. "You're closer, would you mind putting the oil on for me?"
The kid really wasn't any closer, but that didn't register as he snapped up onto his knees. "Are you kidding?" John said, almost choking. "No problem, I'd love to. I mean, I'd love to help you out, man."
Kyle threw him the bottle of suntan oil and John shuffled closer until he was kneeling beside Tina's hips on her opposite side from Kyle. He looked slowly from her long legs across her full butt, to her trim waist and up along her strong back to where her breasts bulged enticingly out at the sides of her rib cage. Without thinking, he said, "Oh, man. Where do I start?"
"Anywhere that looks good," answered Kyle.
"Oh, God, it all looks good," the teenager moaned.
"Why, thank you," Tina said with a chuckle. "Why don't you start at my feet and work your way up? And if you wouldn't mind me taking advantage of you, I'd love it if you could give me a little massage as you put the oil on. I'm kind of sore from all the...workouts...Kyle's been putting me through."
"You lucky dog," one of the others said in a low voice.
"Which one?" said another.
"Both," threw in a third.
John moved down and around her body and poured some oil on his hands. Then he started rubbing Tina's feet, ankles, and calves. He moved back and forth from one leg to the other, rubbing, kneading, and stroking the smooth flesh.
Tina moaned sexily. "Ooh, you really know what you're doing. That feels great"
John's voice tremored with nervousness as he answered, "When we were kids we used to do this for our mom after she played tennis."
"Well, please thank her for me the next time you see her."
As John moved up to Tina's toned thighs, Kyle looked around. All the boys were staring at the flesh under John's fingers. Kyle expected to see drool coming out of their mouths any time now. "Hey, Brad," he called to John's brother.
"Huh?" the young man answered, shaking his head and looking up at Kyle.
"I know you're not all 21, but you wouldn't happen to have any beer in your cooler, would you?"
"Huh? Oh yeah, sure, one beer coming up," said Brad. "Anyone else?" Clearly they weren't worried about the beach patrol checking IDs.
"A cold one sounds good to me," said Tina. "It will help cool down the heat your cute little brother's generating on my body."
Soon everyone but John had a fresh beer in his hand. But he didn't care, his hands were getting him drunker than any beer could. He'd made his way up to the tops of the woman's thighs and was staring at her ass. He really wanted to squeeze those cheeks, but wasn't sure how far he could push this.
"Well, Johnny," Tina suddenly said, shocking him out of his reverie. "You can't stop there; you've just gotten to the part that needs the sunscreen the most. As you can tell from the tan lines, this is not my usual bathing suit. But Kyle absolutely insisted. If it's too awkward, he can take over now."
"Yeah, I suppose your mom was still wearing her tennis shorts when you massaged her feet and legs, eh?" Kyle reached into a canvas bag and pulled out a bottle of a higher-SPF lotion. "I guess it's time for me to get to work."
"No!" the kid almost snapped. "I mean, it's okay, I can keep going." Suddenly realizing they may have just been shunting him aside in a kind way to keep him from rubbing the woman's ass, John looked up at Kyle with chagrin. "I mean, of course, I understand." He rocked back on his haunches, preparing to vacate the spot next to Tina's hips.
"Hmm," pondered Kyle. "If you're really okay to keep going, it's all right with me. I'd like to enjoy this beer while it's still cold. Is it okay with you, honey?"
Tina reached back and pulled on her thong, snugging it even tighter between her butt cheeks. "As long as someone gets some lotion on me before my butt cheeks burn, I don't care who does it."
There was a general stirring among the other guys, as if they were ready to pounce and take John's place. But the boy spoke up. "I've got it. Pass me that lotion, Kyle, and we'll get the fair damsel protected from the sun." John was going to be an English Lit major.
"Fair damsel?" chuckled Tina. "I like that." In the next moment she spread her legs apart slightly and flexed and bounced her cheeks. "You see where it needs to go?" She took the boy's groan as a yes.
"Kyle's workouts are especially hard on a girl's thighs and butt," she purred. "Make sure you get high inside my thighs and don't ignore those gluteus maximus muscles."
"Gluteus maxi...? Oh yeah," smiled John, remembering his basic anatomy. Flipping up the bottle spout, he squirt the sunscreen into one palm, then rubbed his hands together before diving them down to her firm, but soft globes. "I'll give these gluteus maximi all the attention they deserve."
Kyle watched the kid smear the thicker lotion all over the untanned portion of his wife's ass, including up under the thong strap and waistband. Once he had the base layer on, young Johnny took some more lotion and began massaging Tina's butt cheeks the same way he had her legs. Following her instructions, he worked them hard and also ran his hands deep between her thighs, right up against her crotch.
Finally looking up for a moment, Kyle saw that the little group had unconsciously formed a tighter ring around Tina, like an oval-shaped clock face with her at its center. He was at her 9:00 and John across from him at her 3:00. Two other guys were on the head end, at 11:00 and 1:00, with the final two foot-side at 5:00 and 7:00. All of them were close enough to reach her with an outstretched arm. They'd probably drifted around to get better views themselves, but it also served to screen her from other people sitting around them.
'Good thing, too,' he thought to himself. 'Otherwise, we'd probably have the cops on us for this little sex show.' And it hit him that that's pretty much what it was, albeit softcore. Another glance around their little group showed him that all had hungry looks on their faces and swelling in their crotches.
Chapter 9
When the beers went round, all the guys got an aluminum can, which is what you'd expect at the beach. But then Brad dug down to the bottom layer of the cooler and pulled out a long-neck glass bottle of Corona for Tina. He said these were usually for later, after they'd left the beach, but that Tina deserved their best. She'd laid her upper body down to relax and enjoy John's leg massage, now she returned to her elbows to handle the bottle. It sat cupped between her hands, with the top right by her mouth.
"Mmm, that feels really good," she half-moaned, gently bouncing her ass cheeks under the hands of a man more than ten years her junior. She tilted the bottle back slightly as her tongue started licking around its top and poking into the opening. Then she slowly lowered her mouth over the bottle neck; keeping her lips tight against the glass. She went down a few sexy inches and then slowly brought her head back up, letting the bottle loose with an audible pop. The two guys down by her feet heard the noise, but didn't know what to make of it, while John was lost in the rapture of her ass. The two men in front had been watching the bottle action since it started and now Kyle joined them in time to see her slide down even further on the glass phallus. She came up again, but this time didn't let go of the bottle. Instead, she went right back down again. Two more times she fellated the long neck, all the while moaning in her throat. Then her mouth came off again and she licked the full length of the outside of the bottle neck with slow, sensuous licks. The three dicks with a view all throbbed in their owners' laps.
Finally she turned her head toward John's side of the man-circle. "I love what you're doing down there," she told him. "But I'm going to burn on my back if you don't get some oil up there, too." Swiveling her head to the other side, she gave her husband a wink before bringing her head back to the front and taking a long pull at her beer.
"Hey, little brother," said Brad. "Why don't you take a break and I'll take over for you."
"No, that's all right. I could keep doing this all day."
"Are you sure? You look like you could use a break and a cold beer."
Tina jumped in. "Yeah, John. Go ahead and have a beer and let's see if Brad learned your mother's lessons as well as you did."
So the two brothers switched places. John grabbed a beer from the cooler and sat down at the 11:00 position on the Tina Body Clock, while Brad took up his oiling station at her 3:00.
"Brad," Tina said. ''I avoid tan lines when I can. Would you please undo my bra strap?"
"With my teeth if I had to," he answered, loosening the bow and laying the strings to either side.
Then he went to work on her back and shoulders. There was no untanned skin here, so he went back to the Number 8 oil. His hands moved up and down, digging into the muscles, lightly scratching the skin, and smoothing the oil everywhere.
"Oh, yes," Tina cooed. "There's definitely a talent running through this family. Kyle, we may have to take these boys home with us."
"If that's what you want," he answered, with a double meaning just for Tina.
"I'm ready to drop out of school and take the job," John said and everyone laughed.
"So, you guys were telling us what you do to pass the lonely nights," Tina said. "Although I find it hard to believe that such beautiful men could have a lonely night."
"Well, we do usually hit a club or call up some girls we know. But sometimes we really do just like to take a night off from the dating game and chill out," Brad said from above her. As he spoke, his hands slid down either side of her rib cage, subtly rubbing the sides of her breasts.
"Although," added Jose, who was the oldest at 22, "Even when we're having a night off from chicks, they still seem to end up being central to it."
All the boys laughed except Brad, who, Kyle saw, was giving the Latino guy down by Tina's feet a glaring look that seemed to say, 'Shut up, dummy!'
"How's that?" Tina asked over her shoulder to the young man behind her who she could only hear and not see. But she easily remembered his bronze face with its almost-Aztec features.
Jose returned Brad's worried look with one of his own that made Kyle think the older guy was so far the one catching on quickest to the real possibilities before them.
"You remember how earlier John said we sometimes watch movies?" Jose said in answer to Tina's question. "Well, let's just say that most of them predominantly feature female stars."
Kyle caught the underlying message in the guy's look and words.
"Sounds suspicious," he said. "I take it you're not talking about Julia Roberts and Sandra Bullock?"
"More like Julia Ann and India Summer," laughed one of the sophomores, a skinny, white 20-year-old named Mitch who sat next to Jose at the 5:00 position.
"Or Marilyn Chambers and Linda Lovelace if we're watching at your house and you've snuck out your dad's VHS tapes," laughed the other sophomore, Darius. Darius was 20, like Mitch, but black and buff. He was sitting at 1:00, between the brothers, John and Brad.
All Mitch's friends joined in the teasing laughter until it froze in their throats when Tina said, "Ooh,Deep Throatis one of my favorites. Sure, it's old and kind of cheesy, but it's still a classic."
"Wow," one of the guys finally managed to croak, before taking a big swallow of beer.
"Of course, it's hard to find movies like that these days, with something of a plot and able to mix humor and sex," Tina continued.
Kyle picked up the thread. "So we're starting to watch more of the amateur videos so many people are putting out. God bless the Internet, right?"
Chapter 10
"You really watch porn?" came an amazed mumble from Mitch at Tina's feet.
"Of course," laughed Tina. "Did you think it was only for horny college boys?" She couldn't see the one she'd pegged as the shyest of the group behind her, so she looked up at the young man in front of her instead and said, "So tell me, John. What good movies have you seen recently?"
Even the boldest can be caught off guard and John stuttered, not quite sure if she was messing with him or not. "W-well, I don't know. I mean, I don't really remember them the same way I would a real movie. I mean a regular movie. I mean..."
"I know what you mean," she interrupted. "Sometimes it's not a whole movie I remember either, just a particular scene or two that was especially hot. Especially these days with all the amateur video like Kyle said. So, what's a hot scene you remember? You know, a scene that comes into your head when you're jacking off."
The other guys chuckled. Mitch piped up again from Tina's feet. "Yeah, John, when you're spending time with Rosie Palm and her five sisters."
"Oh please," Tina shot back over her shoulder. "You mean you don't whack off? Maybe you should, so you could relieve some pressure." The laughter moved back around to Mitch as the color rose in his cheeks.
"Come on, everyone does it, even old married folks like us," Tina continued, striking a conciliatory tone with the embarrassed boy. "Now, Kyle gives me all of the workouts I need at night, but he is gone at the office every day and so isn't always there when my mind starts wandering down sexy roads as I work in my studio or the garden. There's nothing wrong with taking such moments into your own hands."
"Especially since she usually tells me about it later," Kyle added. "And that just adds more spice to our lovemaking when I do get home."
"Come on, tell me, John," she coaxed. "I bet it has a guy with two girls, doesn't it?"
"Actually," laughed John, "it's a dude with three chicks. How did you know?"
"All men want to have more than one woman at a time. So while they're resting between cum shots, they can watch the women go at each other." Looking into John's and Darius's eyes, she gave them each a,Tell me it's not true, look. They just grinned.
"Like I always say," Brad joined in as he ran his oiled fingers further down Tina's side-boobs, "I'm just a lesbian trapped in a man's body." While the men laughed, Tina fought with the impulse to raise herself up higher on her elbows so Brad could get to her big nipples. She was saved from the moment when another round of beers was passed around the group.
"So," Tina asked John, holding him with her gaze. "Tell me about the girls and the guy. What do they do and what one image stays in your mind?"
John's brash confidence reasserted itself. Even though the youngest, he had been one of the first to approach and speak to Tina and had been the one to massage her ass. He decided to just hop on this wave and see how far he could ride it.
"Well, the whole thing is pretty good," he started. "The women all look good and there's a real lick fest to start things off. Then the guy starts walking around the bed, sticking his dick into this mouth or that pussy as the girls keep sucking and licking each other." He didn't shy away from holding her direct gaze as he talked and was rewarded with real sparks in her eyes when he so casually spoke from the gutter.
"That's the life," commented Kyle.
Tina twisted her head sideways and gave him a look.
Kyle quickly added, "Of course, nothing's better than making it with someone you're deeply in love with."
The guys all chuckled and Tina said, "I certainly hope so." Then she laughed too, her stern face breaking into a teasing grin.
Chapter 11
"I understand what you were saying earlier about movies and plots," John went on. "But sometimes it's just so cleanly erotic to remove the emotional ties and concentrate on the act itself, on the pure sex. Where it doesn't matter who's involved, it just matters what they're doing to you or what you're doing to them."
"Wow, well said," Tina commented.
Brad rolled his eyes. "Fucking English Lit major," he said in a disparaging tone.
"Damn kid thinks he's going to be a poet," Jose added.
"Or a porn director," needled Mitch.
"All that aside," said Tina. "Your point is interesting. Tell me more about the 'pure sex' of the four people in your movie, John. I like what I'm hearing so far."
"Well," the boyishly handsome young stud continued. "There's one scene where the guy is lying on his back on the bed and all three girls are sucking him off. One is straddling his legs and the others are kneeling on either side of his hips. They keep swapping places on his pole, but someone is always sucking the head of his cock or kissing the shaft or licking his balls or all three at once. And of course the girls are swapping kisses in between giving his rod a tongue bath."
"Mmm, that does sound hot," moaned Tina. "Is that the climax, does he spray all their faces with cum?" No one could miss the sense of urgent desire in her last words and the ring of men tensed, but all stayed silent except for John, whose voice dropped in pitch as he carried on.
"No, he doesn't come yet. That's in the next scene and the money shot is a real work of art. One woman has her feet on the floor and leans across the bed, so her ass is just hanging over the edge. The second one is lying on top of her, with her legs spread over the first girl's ass; squishing, but not crushing the bottom girl. Then the third girl straddles both on all fours on the bed. It's a three-woman sandwich, with the three pussies lined up one above the other. They're shaved and they're wet from all the action and just sitting there open, almost like they're calling out for cock."
"Wow," panted Tina. "I love the way you describe it. Maybe youshoulddirect or write pornos. So, how does the hero handle this juicy sandwich?"
"First he works on them with his mouth. He runs his tongue up and down, up and down, like he's licking a giant ice cream cone. From pussy to asshole to pussy to asshole to pussy to asshole and then back down again. Then he starts poking them. A few strokes in the bottom cunt, then a few in the middle, then a few in the top. At first he pops around from one to the other in no particular order. The second camera shows the women's faces and you can see them getting caught by surprise and then waiting impatiently for their turn again. Then after a while he gets into a more regular rhythm, giving each hole a good bunch of strokes before moving onto the next one. Finally he really starts going to town in the top slot and then he shoots his wad."
"He pulls out and sprays all over them?" Tina asked in a needy whimper.
"That is what usually happens in these movies," John agreed. "But in this one the guy stays in that top pussy; you can see his balls contracting as he shoots. When he finally pulls out, the camera goes in for a closeup of the cunt that he came in. That girl has incredible pussy muscles; she just clamps down and squeezes his cum out. The semen is coming back out of her honeypot and dripping right down to the two pussies below. It looks like a sperm waterfall."
"Oooh," was all Tina could say and the other boys sat mesmerized. Amazed at their youngest member's audacity at speaking so graphically to the woman and even more amazed at her obvious enjoyment of it.
"You tell a good story, John," said Kyle. "Doesn't he, honey?"
Tina just whimpered and licked her lips.
"I can tell you're seeing the picture in your head," her husband continued. "Where are you in that picture?"
"I'm the fourth girl," she whispered.
"Which fourth girl?" one of the others asked.
"The girl lying on her back on the floor, staring up at those three bruised pussies above her and trying to catch the cum waterfall in her mouth as it drips down with their juices."
"Oh, God," moaned one of the young men.
"I can see it," said another.
"You are so fucking hot," said a third.
"You're not kidding," replied Tina as she gradually came out of her reverie. "In fact, let me have another beer to help cool me off"
As one of the guys pulled the last bottle of Corona out of the cooler, Tina pushed herself up and moved until she was between Kyle and John, sitting cross-legged, facing into the circle. Mitch and Jose tightened the oval into a circle.
All six men could somewhat see between her legs and what they saw was a wide open crotch with a soaking wet bikini thong that had shifted to one side, exposing a swollen pink pussy lip. When Tina bent forward and reached out for her beer bottle, they saw that she hadn't tied her bikini top back in place and her beautiful breasts were hanging free, with the nipples swollen and hard. She took the new bottle, fresh from the pool of melting ice in the cooler and slowly rubbed it across first one nipple, then the other. Each time she gave a little gasp, but held the cold glass in place for a few seconds. The light-brown beauties reacted by standing up even higher and harder like oversized pencil erasers.
After twisting off the top, she held the bottle against her belly and slowly slid it upwards into her cleavage. Her head bent down until her chin was resting on her chest and when the top of the bottle broke through the enveloping breasts, she opened her mouth and slid the glass tip between her lips. After a moment's sucking, she pulled down on the bottle until its tip once again disappeared in her bosom. When the improvised tit-fucking toy reappeared she didn't stop sliding it up until the whole neck was in her mouth and her lips were stretched around where the bottle started to get wide. The men were speechless and wide-eyed.
Tina pulled the bottle out and then threw her head back and took a long drink.
Next she lowered the long neck bottle down between her legs. The bottom edge was still pearled with icy condensation and she pressed it against her exposed pussy lip; giving a small sigh of pleasure. She then pressed the bottom down into her towel until the sand below it made a depression for support. Then she leaned the cool glass cylinder against her vulva and reached up to rearrange her bikini top to cover her nipples, which pressed hard and obvious against the thin material. Kyle leaned behind her and tied it in place.
The exhibitionist's tits and pussy absolutely pulsed with excitement, but she managed to hold her hand steady as she picked up her beer bottle and took another long, slow drink. That finally seemed to shake the men out of their waking dreams as several of them also took a drink and others started breathing again.
Chapter 12
All were silent for a moment as they gathered themselves and dwelled on the incredible mini-show they had just witnessed. Jose finally broke the silence. "So, now it's your turn, Tina. John told us about his favorite porno scene...what's yours?"
Tina looked over at Kyle. It was do-or-die time and she shot him the question with her eyes. His held the same answer from before. 'I'll support whatever you do.'
"Well," she said in answer to Jose's question. "I've seen lots of hot sex in some of those movies and what I find hottest at any particular time keeps changing. But, like John, there is one I've seen recently that has stuck in my head." She then proceeded to describe the scene of the woman lying on the massage table begging for a cum bath. "Yeah," she said when she finished, "that one was pretty damned hot."
"You're not kidding," moaned one of the boys, drinking down the last of his beer.
The nerdy Mitch tried and failed again to join in with the right quip. "So," he asked, "are you the fourth woman again?"
Tina didn't tease the awkward guy this time, but did make him squirm by looking him straight in the eye as she answered. "No. When I think about that one I'm definitely the first and only woman." Her eyes narrowed and the corner of her mouth rose. "I'm the only one waiting for all those one-eyed snakes to spit at me." They all laughed at the last part, even while their crotches twitched. After sharing a laugh and smile herself, Tina took another swig of beer.
Jose spoke up. "You tell as good a story as young John," he said. "That scene you described, it really got to you didn't it?" he asked with increasing challenge. "It's that particular scene of her screwing just the one guy, but getting the cum from all of them that's really filling your mind right now, isn't it?"
"Yes it is," Tina said frankly, gazing directly into the Latino's compelling eyes.
A snap glance to the left of Tina told Jose that her husband Kyle really was onboard with all of this.
"Yeah," the oldest of the students said slowly. "It does sound like a good one. I could be down with that." His eyes moved around to each of his partners who all nodded in agreement.
Tina's heart was thudding as she tipped up her bottle and drained it.
"That's it for the beer," one of the others said. "The cooler is empty."
The increasingly excited woman looked at her husband again. It was clear that she had made up her mind and was leaving it to him to give the final go-ahead or not.
He spoke to the ring of men, but never took his eyes off his wife's as he said, "It just so happens that we have some more beer in our hotel room. Would you like to come up and have another round with us?"
"Yes," added Tina, eyes still locked with her husband as she spoke to five young, horny men. "We'd love for you to join us. It really would make the day complete."
"Well we certainly wouldn't want to leave such an incredible day incomplete, would we guys?" Brad responded, his tone urging the others to get on board and close the deal. Another round of nods confirmed their agreement.
Then there were no more words as everyone started quickly gathering up their beach gear. The group moved off, with the men again forming an informal circle around the woman as they moved across the beach. First they stopped at the boys' vehicle in the public parking lot and stowed their towels and things in the back of a large SUV. Then they turned towards the hotel, entering the grounds through the gate by the swimming pool and going through the back door and crowding into an elevator.
They raised an eyebrow or two among the few people who saw them, but none of the entourage noticed. The men were too entranced with Tina, who kept floating from one to the other like a hummingbird to flowers. Lightly touching each one with her fluttering hands and passing out warm smiles that made the college boys and her husband soft in their stomachs and hard in their crotches.
Chapter 13
Finally, Kyle was opening the door to the room and they all piled inside. Then the boys stopped, not quite sure of what they should do next. Their hosts kicked off their sandals to keep sand out of the main room and their guests followed suit.
"If you boys will excuse me," Tina purred. "I'm afraid I need to use the little girls' room after all those beers and then I think I'll rinse off. Make yourselves comfortable."
Then Kyle threw out a remark that knocked her off-balance and added a whole new kink to their fantasy plan.
"That sounds like a great idea. Why don't we join you?"
"Wh-what...?" Tina stammered.
"I mean," he said, turning to the boys. "Would any of you like to watch Tina pee and shower?"
"Kyle!"
"Yeah," Darius quickly cut in. "Yeah. I'd like to see that."
"Me too," added Jose.
One of the others who was feeling the beer himself blurted out, "I need to piss too. If you let me watch you, I'll let you watch me."
"That settles it," Kyle said. "It's a nice, big bathroom. Plenty of room for anyone who wants to watch. Let's go pee, baby." Then he took Tina's hand and led her into the bathroom. All the young men followed.
Kyle was right, it was a big bathroom. There was an oversized soaker tub and a large, glass-walled shower cabin, but there was still plenty of open floor space in the center.
Tina was obviously still confused about what Kyle was up to, but she didn't resist as he turned her to face the men who had crowded through the bathroom door after them. Stepping behind her, he untied both strings of her bikini top, letting it fall to the ground in front of her. Tina watched the men's eyes as they all stared at the beautiful breasts they'd been teased with all afternoon. Kyle reached around and lifted the heavy globes out to them and then let them drop. He did it again and she felt a twinge of insecurity at the way their heft pulled them down. But when she saw the glints in their eyes and the twitches in their groins, she realized they apparently agreed with her dirty husband, who always told her that her full udders were much sexier than some high-riding B-cups or silicon-Double-Ds.
The next time Kyle lifted her tits, he squeezed them tight, almost painfully, the flesh bulging between his fingers. The five strangers they had picked up on the beach stared wide-eyed, with more than one clasping his groin through his swim shorts. Her own groin thrummed along with them.
His breath and then his words were at her ear. "Now, you take off your bottoms."
Then he dropped her breasts again and stepped around to stand with the boys.
Slowly, feeling six pairs of eyes burning into her, she worked the tight thong over her hips and down her legs until it was laying on the floor with the bikini top.
The men groaned. "Beautiful." "Oh, God." "Incredible." "Do it!"
The last came from Kyle and Tina knew what he meant. She turned to the toilet and lifted the lid.
But before she could sit down Kyle was at her side again, taking her by the hand. "You know, I don't think we'll all be able to see clearly that way," he said. Then he gently pulled her towards the tub. "I think you should do it in here. That way we'll all be able to see."
She stopped at the edge of the tub and looked, a little worriedly, into her husband's eyes, squeezing his hand with question. He squeezed back and gave her a reassuring smile. Then his smile turned naughtier and he tickled the palm of her hand with his fingers. "Everything about you is sexy," he crooned. "I want you to crouch down in that bathtub and let us all see the hot pee spraying out of that beautiful, naked pussy."
Holding onto his hand for balance, she stepped over the edge of the tub and turned to face the men. Her husband stepped to the side, leaving her open and naked in the kinkiest situation of her life.
Slowly, theatrically, she spread her feet and crouched, letting her knees open widely. When she was low enough, she rested her elbows on the ledge behind her and leaned back against the tub's side, leaving her whole front wide open to the view of the men. "Step closer," she told them. "Step close and watch me pee."
All five stepped up to join Kyle at the edge of the tub and gazed brazenly at her natural tits and her naked pussy. Sweeping her head from side to side she relished six manly bulges all concentrated on her. She finally had to close her eyes so she could concentrate on her full bladder and on being excited instead of embarrassed. Then she let go. She had had three beers and the urine came spraying out hard, hitting against the tub bottom and splashing back on her legs and feet.
"Aaah" she sighed, putting her head back, her eyes still closed.
Then she felt something that brought her head forward and opened her eyes. Kyle had dropped his swim trunks on the floor and quietly stepped into the tub with her. His cock was in his hand and he was pissing on her. He'd hit her crotch with two hard spurts, cutting off his flow each time. After that caught her attention and her amazed stare, he sent a third spurt right at her urethra, making her realize she'd stopped her own flow in her surprise.
"Oh, God," she gasped. "Oh, God, that's so, so... hot," she moaned. "Oh yeah, baby. Pee with me, pee on me."
She resumed her flow then and Kyle let his stream go, strong and warm and aimed accurately at her clit. She was nearly overwhelmed by the sensation and slid down the side of the tub until she was sitting on her ass on the bottom. Then Kyle's stream slowed down as his bladder emptied. He shook a few drops from his half-swollen penis and asked, "Anyone else need to take a piss?"
The words had hardly finished leaving his mouth when a yellow stream came shooting straight in from in front of Tina, splashing against her tits. Kyle saw that it was Darius, the one who'd first said he wanted to watch Tina pee. The young black stud moved his cock back and forth, aiming first at one tit and then the other. "That's right," Kyle encouraged the young man. "Piss on my wife's beautiful tits." Meanwhile, in the tub, Tina moved up to her knees and held her breasts up to the boy so he could continue to hit them as his stream let up. Then he finished and moved to one side, making room for another to take his place. By now all six men had lost their swim trunks and peeled off their t-shirts.
"Do you want to pee on my tits?" Tina asked the next one in front of her. It was John.
"Show me your ass," the youngest, but most daring boy said. "I want to spray that beautiful ass that I was massaging earlier."
Tina flipped over onto her hands and knees in the wide tub, her ass pointed back at the college student. Immediately his hot urine was splashing on her ass cheeks and running down her thighs as he sprayed his young cock back and forth like a water hose. Then he held it still and clenched down, sending a strong stream right at her tight asshole.
"Uunnnhh," she groaned. "Hot pee on my ass. Oh, God." John kept up the stream for the longest time yet, sending incredible thrills running through Tina's body. Then just as the pressure on her backdoor was starting to drop, she felt it pick up again. She looked back over her shoulder to see how John could still be going, but it wasn't John.
His brother Brad had taken his place and was now hosing down her dirty hole. He cut off his stream and said in a voice almost harsh, "Flip back over onto your back. Keep your legs spread wide so I can spray both of your fuck holes."
"Spray both my fuck holes," she repeated. She loved it when Kyle talked dirty during intense sex, but the young man's humiliating words hit her with a shocking power that nearly made her come. She did as she was told, spinning over onto her back and putting her feet up on the tub edge in front of her audience, legs spread wide, hips tilted up so he could see both her asshole and her pussy. Then she went further and pulled her vulva open so they could see into her vagina. Pointing his cock nearly straight down over the edge of the tub, Brad sent the next blast of his hot torrent directly into her cunt, before moving it back and forth between cunt and ass. "Both my fuck holes," she sighed.
That left Mitch and Jose; each man stood ready with cock in hand.
"Ooh," she purred, "a double-streamer. I want to feel both of you at the same time." She got back up to her knees in the small puddle of piss that hadn't run off to the drain yet. She ran her hands through the liquid, then moved one to pinch a nipple, while the other rubbed her clit. "Do it," she demanded. "Hose me down, piss all over me."
As she awaited her next kinky wetting, she gazed eagerly at the hoses and found two wonderful surprises. So far she'd seen a fine parade of cocks that held much promise for when they were hard with blood instead of piss. Now she was seeing the only uncircumcised penis alongside an undeniable real fire hose. The uncut one had a decent size to it and a beautiful reddish-brown color, like the rest of Jose's body. The jumbo cock belonged to the most unlikely member of the group of friends; the tall, skinny Mitch.
As she contemplated the two unique cocks, they both let loose with their hot urine. Jose aimed at the hand that was squeezing her tits and Mitch sprayed her clit-rubbing hand. Then both waved their wands around, pissing all over her as she had asked. The brown cock drenched her shoulders to waist and the jumbo cock from her waist to her feet.
Brad had registered her excitement when he talked dirty to her before and he started again, standing to Mitch's side. "You are a sexy bitch," he told her. "And a dirty one. You dig this, don't you? Dig having all these men piss on you. Look at you rubbing your clit with their piss. You're going to come, aren't you?"
Darius took up the refrain. "Do it, show us how nasty you are and come from being pissed on. Your tits, your pussy, your tight asshole, we sprayed them all down. Our urine is dripping off your body, it's under your fingers as you rub your clit and your tit. Rub it in, rub yourself hard, come for us baby, show us how you come."
Now the others joined in with their words even as the last two men splashed her with their final drips.
"Yeah, rub that pussy, come."
"I peed on you, Tina, I sprayed you with my hot water."
"You are the hottest woman I've ever seen."
"Look at my piss dripping off those beautiful tits."
"Come, baby, come. Rub that clit."
Tina sat again on her ass in the tub bottom with her back leaning against the side. She brought her knees up and placed her feet flat on the bottom, spread wide. The men were all rubbing their cocks, watching her play with her naked cunt.
Kyle moved into the center of the line, directly in front of her. Holding his heavy cock out like the other men, but not stroking it. He'd been first to piss and he was ready again. "That's right, baby," he said in a low voice. "Show them what a hot woman I married. You're going to come because a bunch of men pissed on you. Do it, baby, come for all these men." Then he let loose with his second bladderful, again hitting the fat clit she was rubbing and that was all she could stand. Her hand kept flogging herself as she shook and shivered in a pungent pool of urine from herself, her husband, and five strange men who'd just pissed all over her. The orgasm was incredible.
Chapter 14
When her shaking subsided, Kyle gave a hand signal to Mitch at the end of the line to put a large bath towel down on the floor as a mat. Then his other hand reached out to his wife, who took it and got to her feet, piss running down her body. Kyle helped her step out of the tub and onto the towel, which covered most of the few steps over to the shower cabin. He led her inside, then turned the water on through the spray hose. After adjusting the temperature, he turned it on her, rinsing her from shoulders to toes as she slowly spun around. Once facing him again, she leaned forward, putting her face and hands into the spray.
Then Tina turned back around and tilted her head back, indicating he should turn the water on her hair. As he did, Kyle nodded at the two men who happened to be looking his way instead of at her and gestured with his head. Jose and Darius quickly stepped into the over-sized cabin with them and squirt either body wash or shampoo into their hands from the wall-mounted containers.
Kyle backed into a corner and turned the water spray on himself, needing just a simple rinse since he hadn't gone into the ocean. Meanwhile, the other two men moved in on his wife, shocking Tina with the surprise of suddenly feeling four strong hands on her. But she quickly relaxed again, closed her eyes and became compliant under their touches as Darius proceeded to give the woman a sensuous shampoo, while Jose lovingly, but efficiently rubbed soap over every inch of her naked skin. Tina's body and inhibitions were soon melting under their touch and she probably would have allowed them to finger her to her next orgasm if they had tried. But neither lingered overly long before making sure she was completely rinsed off.
When she felt their touches become light grips, she finally opened her eyes. They were passing her out of the cabin, where John and Mitch stood waiting with bath towels. They took her under their charge and began drying her with loving care and gentleness.
Behind her, Darius and Jose each took a quick shower, soaping up enough to get the salt and sand out of their hair, both head and pubic.
When John and Mitch finished drying Tina, Kyle stood next to his wife on the bathroom rug, holding a fresh towel. "Now it's your turn to return the favor," he said. "I want you to dry me off."
Tina took the towel and began her task. She started with his hair and then moved down and around his body, getting excited as always as she rubbed his strong chest, arms, and back. Then she kneeled down behind him and started rubbing the towel over his lower half. He spread his feet apart and she firmly rubbed between his ass cheeks before moving down the backs of his legs, from the insides of his thighs to his heels.
Moving around in front, she went the other direction, working up from his feet until all that was left was his crotch. His cock was about a quarter hard and it started to swell as she reached under to joggle his balls in her terry cloth-lined fist. When she moved onto his pubic nest, the staff at its center bobbed slightly up and down.
Tina almost felt hypnotized by it all, she was lost in that warm, sexy place where nothing seemed wrong and everything was erotic. She didn't even think as the meat in her hands swelled even more, she just leaned forward and swallowed it. Her tongue rolled around and around until the beast grew to full size in her mouth and she had to pull her head back. Then she moved back in, washing its hard surface with her tongue, feeling the heat rising off it as she held it against her cheek, taking her husband's pulse by holding her tongue against the thick vein underneath. Then she started sliding her mouth over the head again, seriously beginning to suck this cock she loved so much. After just a few strokes Kyle put his hands on the sides of her head. But instead of taking control and fucking her face the way she liked, he pulled out. She looked up at him, a hungry look on her face. She wanted that cock.
"Poor Darius is shivering over there," he told her. "It's time to dry him off. Then you need to dry off all our guests after they finish their showers."
As Kyle stepped aside, the young Black man immediately took his place on the large, plush mat. Tina got to her feet. First she looked at her husband, where she got an affirmative nod. Then she looked over at the towel shelf, where the last dry towel lay folded. "This one will do," Darius said, nodding at the towel she'd used on Kyle, which she continued to clutch in her hand.
Keeping an eye on the action on the floor, Brad, John and Mitch jockeyed for position in the shower to get themselves ready for drying by Tina. Jose stood ready to go next, just inside the cabin.
Tina laid the towel over Darius's head and gently massaged the close-cropped hair, paying him back for his wonderful shampooing. She was facing him, with her arms reaching up on either side of his head. The edge of the towel fell in front of his eyes so he couldn't see her face, so his gaze went down to those incredible breasts. Hypnotized, he began to bend down, his tongue ready to swab the big nipples. But then the towel was off his head and on his shoulders, arresting his motion. A few swipes across and it was moving down.
"You're an athlete, aren't you?" she asked as she rubbed the towel over his chest and down to his trim waist.
"Track and field," he murmured, enjoying the sensuous pleasure of having this beautiful woman attend to him.
As she moved around behind him, she said, "You must be able to run fast with a beautiful ass like this." The next thing Darius knew, she'd gone down on her knees and was pressing hard kisses on his rear. Then she rocked back on her heels and caught her breath. Next she leaned back in, gave his ass one more soft kiss and went back to work with the towel.
As she came back around in front she found a swelling cock that was as beautiful as the ass. This man could model for statues of Olympians she thought, though in beautiful black ebony instead of white marble. Her hands moved the towel mechanically over his legs and feet, but she couldn't take her eyes off his penis. It was the first cock she'd seen up close since she and Kyle had started going together a decade before.
That thought brought her back to herself and she looked around. Jose was starting to look cold as he waited for his turn to be dried, while Brad stood behind him in the shower cabin letting the water run over him. John and Mitch stood outside the cabin, awaiting their turns to shower. She looked the other way and there was Kyle, leaning back against the sink counter.
"Go ahead," he told her. "Finish the job the way you finished mine. I can see how much you want to and I think we can push the red line a little farther back."
Tina took the towel and dried Darius's pubic hair and scrotum. Slowly she leaned in and kissed the head of his beautiful rod. Then, with her eyes turned toward Kyle, she opened her mouth and inhaled the young man's penis. As she pulled her head back and then slid down again she saw Kyle's partially erect peter start to stir again. She put one hand on Darius's balls and the other at the base of his now-hard staff and stuffed it into her mouth again. Kyle never touched his own meat, but still it continued to grow.
My husband's erection is swelling from watching me suck another man!
She held out one hand to Kyle and motioned for him to come over. When he did she grabbed his cock and swiftly sucked it into her mouth. Within two strokes he was fully hard again and she switched back over to Darius's rod. Black and then White, one after the other for three times more each. Then she pushed them both away, picked up the towel and got to her feet. "All right, you two are dry, who's next?"
The corner of her mouth lifted as she looked down and saw two stiff cocks pointing up at her, shiny with saliva and pearls of pre-cum. "Well, okay, not exactly dry." Then, with a fully wicked smile, she repeated, "Who's next?"
Kyle wore a big smile of his own as he turned to Darius and said, "Come on, let's make room for the others. We'll have a cold beer while my hot wife finishes her chores." The two men left the room and Tina turned her attention to her next customer.
One by one they joined Kyle and Darius out in the main room, each with a smile on his face and a swollen cock jutting out of his crotch. Jumbo-cock Mitch was last and when they teased him about seeming to take a lot longer than the others, he happily replied, "Well, I do have that much more that needed drying."
"You're not kidding," Tina said as she stepped out behind him. "I've never had my mouth stretched so wide before. It was a little scary at first," she told the others. "Then I realized the secret is just to relax."
And with that she bent over at the waist and started swallowing the nerd's massive organ. He leaned back against the wall with a groan and the others stared. He really was big and Kyle was amazed at how much meat his wife got into her mouth. Then, just when he thought she couldn't take anymore, she managed to slide two more inches down her throat. As he watched he could see her throat moving, she was literally swallowing the boy's penis and from the look on his face, the feeling was out of this world. Then she finally slid back off his rod, stood up straight and took a deep breath. "See," she said with a smile, "you just have to relax."
Chapter 15
Again she had taken their voices away. These little shows were so hot and intense that everyone was just lost afterwards. The best that one of the boys was able to come up with was, "Do you want a beer?"
"No," she said. "I don't need any more booze. And besides, it's not a cold drink I want now, it's a hot one. Are you ready to give me one?"
"Yes, ma'am," the student replied.
"No, you're not," she shot back. "Look at your pecker. Do you call that hard? If you're going to give me what I want you'll have to be harder than that." And with that she moved over and kneeled in front of him. It didn't take long to get the young cock into the condition she wanted and then she moved onto the next, working him into full strength as well. By the time she pulled her head off the third cock, all six were up and ready from watching her and stroking themselves.
Tina moved to the bed and lay across it diagonally with her head at one bottom corner and her butt in the middle of the big mattress. She held her arms out to the sides, signaling the men forward and grabbed the first two cocks that came into reach. She started rubbing her hands up and down, feeling each one, hot and hard.
She closed her eyes and concentrated on the differences she could feel. One was thicker, the other had more hair around it, but both throbbed in her hands and she loved the feel of the veins pounding against her palms.
Her hips jumped when she suddenly felt a mouth on her flower. She looked down and saw that John had jumped right in and was licking her dripping wet pussy. This hadn't been in the original plan and she looked around for Kyle. He was also up on the bed, kneeling next to her waist, holding his stiff rod over her belly with a slow stroking motion. To answer the question in her eyes he looked down at John and said, "Taste's good, doesn't it? Tina has the sweetest pussy I've ever eaten."
John raised his head enough to meet Tina's eyes. "God, yes. She's delicious. Do you think she'll come on my face?"
"What do you say, Tina?" Kyle asked his panting wife. "Are you ready to come again? Are you ready to soak this boy's face with your sweet juices?"
She looked deep into his eyes, read his new stance and threw the challenge back at him. "Yes," she answered. "I just need one more thing to help me come."
"What's that?" Kyle asked.
"The taste of cum. Having one of these cocks explode in my face will send me right over the edge. Start my cum bath," she groaned as she surrendered herself to her lust.
"You heard her boys, get to work."
John went back to making love to Tina's flower. He was obviously excited but still he took his time, performing with talent far beyond what she would expect from someone so young. He ran the flat of his tongue up and down the length of her wet hole. He alternated between gently sucking on her lips and biting them. Making his tongue hard, he poked it deep into her, then ran the stiff tip over the sensitive strip of skin between her cunt and her asshole.
"God," she gasped. "You do that as well as you give massages. Did your mother teach you how to eat pussy too?"
John slipped a finger into her to keep the sensations going while he answered her question. "If you were my mother would you let me join in on this fun? Would you let me be part of this gang that is worshipping your body? Would you let me eat the pussy that gave me birth? Can I eat your pussy, Mommy?" he asked, putting his mouth back to work on her flower.
"Oh yeah," she moaned. "Lick Mommy's flower, suck her clit."
"You need to suck too, Mommy," said a voice by her head. Tina pulled the associated cock in close and turned her head to the right. It was Jose and she took a moment to explore his uncut tip. Then he started moving his hips, poking his rod in and out.
From the other side, Darius's voice commanded, "Hold your hand open." She released the cock in her left hand and held it open with the palm flat. She couldn't see to that side while she sucked on Jose's bronze pole, but she sensed motion and then felt a large blob of cool goo being smeared into her hand. She cupped her palm to keep it in place, automatically sensing what it was for. She assumed it was sunscreen or some other skin lotion and thought that either would do.
Darius's voice sounded again. "Now, really squeeze my black cock hard if you want my cum." She tightened her grip and started fisting the young stud. "Even harder," was the response. She thought she must be hurting him, but she did as he asked and found an extra thrill from having a cock to play rough with.
Meanwhile, Mitch was standing at the top of her head, his big cock leaning over her face like a fucking redwood, his hand moving slowly up and down. After every few strokes he would press it down and smear pre-cum across her cheek and forehead.
Brad moved in to kneel alongside Tina's torso, across from her husband. Each man pulled on his pecker with one hand and rubbed her body with the other.
The cock in her mouth started speeding up and she just held her head still and let it fuck her face. "I'm gonna come soon, baby," Jose grunted. "I'm gonna fill your hot mouth with cum."
"That's right, man," said Darius. "Fuck her pretty face, fuck that hole."
Tina couldn't speak, but they could all understand her saying, "Uh huh, uh huh," around his cock as she encouraged him to keep his promise and shoot his load. While waiting for the Latino's tribute, she continued her abuse of the black cock in her other hand and shifted her hips to allow John's tongue deeper inside her cunt.
Kyle noticed this last and told John, "She's getting ready to come, John. Really give her the tongue." To Tina he said, "That first load of cum is on its way, baby. The first of many. You have a strange tongue on your pussy and a strange cock in your mouth. I want you to come, I want you to come now."
Just then Jose stiffened and started grunting and John zeroed in on her clit. She couldn't believe that her pussy was on fire from some kid's lips and tongue and that she was drinking another man's cum and loving it. But she was and just as she had said, that first taste of sperm was the final straw and her whole body shook and the juices sprayed from her hole as her orgasm hit her.
Just when she thought she was riding down the crest of the climax, she felt a hand on her head, urging it to turn to the other side. Jose's prick popped loose and the last of his semen was wiped off from his cock onto her cheek and hair.
She'd lost her stroke motion on Darius during her climax and saw now that his hand had replaced hers and was going hard. She saw the slit at the tip and opened her mouth, crazily hoping the spunk would be black when it came out. But it was white and that was fine, because the contrast against his dark cock and hand was exquisite. As was the force with which the first blast entered her mouth. As she tasted a second load of semen hitting her tongue, her own orgasm gained new life and she slammed her crotch against John's face, wanting to feel pressure on her clit as hard as the pressure Darius was putting on his angry, spitting snake. As she swallowed the salty liquid, her extended orgasm rolled through her, making her whole body hum.
Chapter 16
After licking the last pearl from Darius's slit, she reached down and gently pushed John's head away from the clit that was thrumming like a high-tension wire. "That was so good, so damn good," she told them both as she stroked white cheek and black cock.
Then she called out, "Kyle, I want you in me, I want your cock in me now!"
John moved out from between Tina's legs and Kyle took his place. His wife's hole was tight from the orgasm, but she was also incredibly wet and he shoved his pole inside her. "Uunnnhhh," was all she could say in response.
Just the sight of his wife was almost more than his cock could stand, with her chest heaving and the cum stripes on her face. And the feel of her hot pussy was heaven! But he had to keep his cool if he wanted his shot of cum to be the last one she felt. And he did want that. So, he stopped moving and held still inside her until the danger was over.
As he collected himself, he said, "That was good, baby, but you're not through yet. Look around."
"More cocks," she whispered.
"That's right, baby," he said. "More cocks and more cum. Do you want them?"
"Yes."
"Tell them," he said.
"Give me your cum," she said in a low voice. Then, more strongly, "Watch my husband fuck me while you jack off. Pull on your big hot cocks and spray your cum all over me. Come on my face and my body. Watch me fuck and come on me."
Brad moved up to her face where Jose had been. "Ask me for mine." His voice was strained and Tina could tell he was close to coming.
"Do you have some for me?" she asked. "Are you ready to come?"
"Ask for it," he grunted. "Say, please."
''Please," she whimpered. "Please give me your cum." She reached out and took his balls in her hand as he stroked himself faster. "I can feel it in your balls, they want to explode. Explode on me, I want your cum so bad. Pleeeaasse..."
She got her wish as the young man arched his back, gritted his teeth, and let go with a terrific jet of splooge across her smooth breasts. Then he changed his aim and started shooting at her face with its wide-open mouth. She gently squeezed his nuts, trying to coax as much sauce as possible out of his beautiful penis. When he finished jerking she pulled him in close and sweetly kissed the head of his spent cock.
From above her head she heard Jumbo-Mitch blurt out, "I'd like to fuck your tits."
Now it was Tina's turn to bring Kyle back into the game. "You have to ask my husband," she told the hung computer nerd.
"Can I?" the 20-year-old asked Kyle nervously.
"Yeah," added Tina. "Can Jumbo rub that monster between your wife's tits until he sprays his hot load all over her face?"
Kyle pounded hard into Tina as he answered. "Oh yeah. She loves getting her tits fucked, and will love it even more with such a big cock. Go ahead and fuck 'em good."
Jumbo got up on the bed and straddled Tina's chest. She grabbed her breasts and smeared Brad's cum in between. "Now they're ready for you," she said. "Nice and slippery and waiting for you to make them even slipperier."
He leaned forward and she pressed her big tits tight against his huge prick. She tucked her chin into her chest so she could see this monster forcing her breasts aside. She felt hands under her head, helping. An eye-glance upwards told her that Jose had taken Mitch's place standing behind her. She gave him a smile.
Turning her eyes back down, she saw the fat plum head getting closer with each stroke, until finally, finally it banged against her lips. She opened her mouth, not able to take the whole thing in at this angle, but licking and kissing the tip of his penis each time he surged forward.
From behind Mitch, Kyle couldn't see the mouth action, but he could see the young man stroking back and forth. He matched his rhythm, pushing into his wife as the skinny kid with the oversized prick slid forward, pulling out as Mitch slid back. Again, he had to use all his concentration not to shoot his load.
Up at Tina's head, John slid into Darius's spot, his legs pressed up against the side of the mattress to get as close as he could to her head at the bottom corner of the bed. Leaning forward enabled him to rub his cock head against her lips whenever Mitch pulled back.
The dual action gave Tina a new thrill. The fat head came up over her chin, teasing her tongue with the taste of pre-cum, plus Brad's cum from off her tits. Then when it pulled away, the other purplish head would saw sideways across her mouth, giving her another taste of young pre-cum. Between the swordfight at her mouth and the third cock pistoning slow, steady and deep into her cunt, Tina felt a new tingle, a new pressure building in her clit.
Kyle had already had to back off of Mitch's pace to keep from blowing and now he saw that the skinny guy was going even faster. John also picked up on his friend's increased urgency and backed off as well, contenting himself with rubbing his swollen head against the woman's smooth cheek.
"That's it baby," Tina purred as she took in the growing strain on the thin boy's face. "Fuck my big tits hard. Fuck 'em hard and cover them in cum. Such a big, beautiful cock must carry a jumbo load. Can I have it? Please, Jumbo, please spray me! Let me feel your hot cum, let me taste your sweet sperm."
Hearing this beautiful woman talk like this, calling him Jumbo, was all Mitch could take and his rod exploded as he kept stroking through the tit-flesh crushed against it. It was undoubtedly the biggest load of his life and it burst out like opening a fire hose. A blast went straight into her open, waiting mouth, but more went beyond, to her nose, eyes and even forehead. John's cockhead against her cheek was coated by a blob before more made it into her mouth.
Between her legs, Kyle suddenly pulled out and dropped his mouth to her clit, releasing her orgasm, which had been building up from the cockplay in her mouth and cunt and now exploded in response to the massive painting of her face. Her hips bucked up against her husband's mouth as she eagerly gobbled the other man's rich cream.
When she felt Kyle's mouth depart and his cock return, she opened the one eye that wasn't covered in cum. Jumbo was up higher on his knees, milking the last of his load onto her tits. Tina's hands stopped squeezing them together and instead began pulling her nipples away from her chest again and again, pinching them out until they slipped from her cum-coated fingers.
Mitch moved off the bed, exposing Kyle to how much more cum his wife had collected on her face and tits. "What do you think?" she asked him as she wiped the spunk from her eye and put her finger in her mouth.
"You're beautiful," he answered as he yanked his cock out of her to keep from coming at the whorish sight. "You're beautiful, you're nasty and I fucking love you." He laid his throbbing tool on top of her swollen cunt lips and laughed. "Now, suck that last cock dry so I can come before my balls explode!"
Chapter 17
"I guess that means you," she smiled up at John who was holding his raging hard-on a foot or so above her face. "Unless you've already finished?" she said when she saw his cockhead was glazed with cum.
"No," he laughed. "Afraid I got hit by Mitch's cannon."
"Oh, then that's mine." She pulled his cock down and sucked the head lovingly into her mouth, gathering the last of Jumbo's tribute. She kept the warm head pressed against her lips as she asked, "Would you like to finish right here?
"Like the others?" she added after a slight pause when it struck her that all four of the other college students had already fed her fresh, adulterous cum.
"Well...I remember you said you actually wanted a full-body cum bath."
She kissed the soft-skinned knob hard. "God, I love you, you are so sweet. First you did such a good job on my legs and ass, and then on my pussy, and now you're still working to please me." While she spoke she stroked him slowly.
"Let me please you now," she said around his cockhead. "What can I do to give you a special orgasm?"
She felt his cock tremble in her hand and thought about just going for it and stroking him until she had her fifth mouthful of young cum. But she saw that his eyes weren't on her face, but had shifted somewhere down her body. She stopped stroking and just gripped him.
"Would you like to fuck my big tits like Mitch? I really loved that."
No, he isn't looking at my tits either, it's farther down. Does he want to fuck me? Well of course he does. But do I, or Kyle, want him to?
She realized it was a yes from her, but she wasn't sure if her husband was willing to push the line that far.
"Tell me," she urged her youngest molester. "I can tell there's something you want. Go ahead and say it."
"Maybe it's too much," he said reluctantly.
He does want to fuck me!
"How can anything be too much?" she asked. "I've exposed myself in public, let you all piss on me, and swallowed all your cum. My husband has made me your cumslut for the day and I want to hear whatever dirty thought you have in your head."
"Well, I want to do like you said earlier. I want to watch your husband fuck you while I jerk off until I spray my cum on your body."
She knew there was more, but said nothing, just lazily licked around his pretty cock.
"But I want him to be...to be fucking your ass."
"Ooh! That does sound good," Tina purred. "Anything else?"
He hesitated, stealing quick glances around at the other guys.
So, even Johnny the Bold has things he doesn't want to admit to in front of his friends, she thought.
"What?" she said out loud. "I bet they'd like to do it too if they were in your place. And will you ever have a better chance?"
That seemed to do it for him. "I want you to finger fuck my ass at the same time," he added almost in a whisper.
"Oh, that is a good one," she said in surprised awe. Was the youngest person in the room also the kinkiest? "I've never played with a man's ass before, but now I really want to."
Releasing John's cock, she crunched up until she could rest on her elbows. She looked at her husband and said with a bit of teasing challenge, "Well, what about it big boy? Think you can get that thing inside me without exploding at the backdoor?"
"I'll do my best," he smiled. Then he scooted back and pulled on her legs to follow him. "Let's get you more in the middle so John can get on the bed easier."
Once they were in place, Tina spread her legs wider, with her knees bent and her feet flat on the mattress to give Kyle better access to her bunghole.
"Darius," he said. "Did I see you with some kind of lotion earlier?"
The other four men had taken up good viewing positions and now the black guy turned and crouched down to pick up a drawstring bag he'd brought to the room with him. Reaching inside he pulled out a wide, short jar and dropped the bag to the floor. He unscrewed the jar as he stepped over, then extended it to the crazy white dude.
"After-sun lotion," he said as the older guy dipped his fingers into the thick cream. "Y'all burn, I get ashy."
Kyle carefully gripped his rod, the cool of the cream helping him regain control as he lubed himself. Then his fingers moved down to that delicate star just below Tina's dripping gash. He smeared on some lotion and rubbed the ridged flesh a bit, but didn't waste much time before pressing a digit in through the out door. And in not much time after that, there were two fingers pushing in past the knuckles.
John had climbed up on the bed as Darius and Kyle carried out their transaction and appeared to be contemplating what position to take to see her ass fucking, while still allowing her access to his backdoor. Apparently remembering she'd rubbed her clit with her right hand, he went on all fours along her right side with his left knee against her sideboob as he faced toward her feet. He watched with fascination as Kyle prepared his wife's ass for her public reaming.
Tina could reach her right hand up between John's legs and she casually stroked the boy's tight cheeks. She'd always loved men's asses if they were shapely like Kyle's and Darius's and the one beside her. But, of course, tight, sculpted cheeks naturally covered their anuses. Sure, she'd seen Kyle's exposed if he was over her in a 69, but she'd never made the leap to reach up and touch it.
But now, as she felt her husband's fingers applying Darius's lotion to her rosebud, her hand moved of its own accord to the teenager's ass crack and pulled the left cheek to the side. How had she never registered how erotic a man's asshole looked?
She jumped when the first finger was jammed through her sphincter and thought about following suit, after all, that's what the boy had asked for. But she didn't have any lube. And besides, she was suddenly overwhelmed with another desire.
Her right hand released John's left cheek and slid across his butt to the outside of his right hip. There she began applying pressure sideways toward her body.
John twisted at the waist and looked back at her inquiringly.
She didn't say a word, she just stuck her tongue out at him and pulled again on his leg. His eyes went wide.
When she felt her asshole stretched with a second finger, she pulled harder and the 19-year-old scrambled sideways until he was straddling her shoulders, standing high on his knees. Using his thighs for leverage, she pulled herself up and thrust her tongue out as far as she could, seeking contact. She was almost there.
She felt the mattress give behind her and then hands were once again lifting her head from below, taking the pressure off her neck. Jose, or one of the others, had resumed assisting her in offering her mouth for abuse. This time her helper tucked a doubled-up bed pillow under her head to keep it high for the rimming she wanted to do.
John settled down, his balls bouncing on her chin and Tina scored a direct hit with her tongue just as the third finger violated her, sending her soaring from both ends.I'm licking his asshole! His shitter, his pooper, his bunghole, his sweet little butthole.And it was sweet. Well, if anything it was actually flavorless, but clean skin always struck her as sweet and he'd been in the shower a long time waiting for her special drying services.
It was hard to concentrate with the intense feelings Kyle was generating in her as he massaged her rectum, but she tried to really feel the wrinkles of John's sphincter muscles with the tip of her tongue.
At her husband's next rough thrust, however, she also gave up on delicacy and tried to force her tongue through the boy's tight anal ring.
John pushed back against her, clearly wanting the same thing, wanting his anus to open for her tongue as he saw hers opening for Kyle's fingers.
But it just wasn't possible, a tongue really couldn't push through an untried, unprepared sphincter. But a finger could get through. She created a couple of inches of separation and spit the biggest wad she could muster against the stubborn flesh. Her index and middle fingers ran up his taint, pushing the blob of spit back up as it tried to run down to his balls. She smeared the slime around his anus, then began gently pressing the pad of her index finger against the ridges as she sought his true opening among the disguising wrinkles.
Chapter 18
Speaking of Kyle.Tina registered that her husband's fingers had vacated and something else was pressing against her own anus. Of course, hers must be gaping pretty good by now and he was having no problem finding the true path to her dark paradise. The softness of his cockhead felt so much better than his fingertips, but it was still like taking three at once. She thrust both her hips and her index finger forward and her and young John's asses were penetrated at the same moment.
Three simultaneous grunts were accompanied by four appreciative gasps and then a long pregnant pause as the participants and audience members took it all in.
Kyle began moving first. Tina's ass was more than ready for him and he pushed in slowly, but did not stop until his balls were against her bottom.
Tina followed suit, pressing in until her finger was completely buried in the teenager's asshole. Then she caught some odd movement beside her hand. It took a moment to realize it was a black jar being held by a black hand. Darius was to the rescue again. She extracted her index finger and scooped out some of the thick cream with the other three.
She began exploring the tight ass again, sliding in so much easier now.
"Oh, fuck, that feels so good," John nearly whimpered.
"Yes, it does," Tina moaned in agreement, meaning both his ass and her own, where Kyle had set up a deep, steady rhythm.
The pre-cum flowed freely from the slit of the 19-year-old's throbbing prick. He pressed it down and smeared the slick goo along her cleavage. Then he pressed forward and began a reverse tit-fuck.
"Ohh, ffuuuck!" she heard again, but not from John this time. Her eyes had been glued to the almost surreal image of the boy's ass swallowing one and then two of her fingers, but now she glanced to each side.
The four other men had relaxed to watch the rest of the show after shooting their loads, certainly anticipating that John would also soon finish and that the party would probably end. But with the extended time and their youth and the unimaginably hot scene in front of them, all four were now stroking their second full-sized erections of the day. Two of them moved up onto the bed on either side of her head, just past John's calves and feet, which bracketed her.
John was nearly balancing on her tits as he crushed them together around his dick while straining to keep eyes on her asshole as Kyle's thick cock pushed its way in and out. That sight and the feeling of her fingers in his ass went far beyond his wildest imaginings. He began thrusting between her tits with more purpose, as Mitch had done earlier.
Tina froze her right hand into position, gripping it with her left to hold it steady and watched in salivating wonder as John reamed himself on her two overlapping fingers.
Kyle had had to slow down again, still wanting to be the last man to come, but less and less sure he could hold out. Then he realized what John was doing with his cock between Tina's tits and thought again that maybe he would outlast the kid.
Then Jose moved in by Tina's left hip and began rubbing her clit with his left hand, while stroking a solid woody with his right. Brad took up position across from him, also stroking. The three men were kneeling quite close together as they huddled around Tina's pussy, but the idea of 'personal space' clearly meant something different in this fantasy world.
Looking up from the mesmerizing image of his wife's voracious asshole, Kyle saw that it wasn't just Jose and Brad rejoining the game, but that all four of the young beach bums she'd finished off once already, were again surrounding his wife with a picket fence of hard cocks.
The sudden appearance of the four pricks back for round two might have been expected to worry Kyle, but the reverse was true. There was no way he could be the last man to come now and he actually relaxed from having the self-induced pressure off his shoulders. His ass stroking began to flow more naturally as he stopped fighting his own impending orgasm and just let things take their natural course.
When the feeling of fingers on her clit joined all the other sensations that were coming at her, Tina unconsciously mimicked her husband by just giving into them and waiting for the orgasm to consume her.
The four men kneeling on the edges picked up on the vibes from the three in the middle and crowded in closer as they stroked faster.
John was first to go. "Oh, fuck, oh, fuck!" he whined as he ground his cock spasmodically in Tina's cleavage. She yanked her fingers from his ass. "Oohhh, fffuuucck!" the teen wailed as his first pulse shot out from between her tits and across her belly. Then his cock popped loose and the next shots went up in an arc that landed on the top of Kyle's cock as it plunged into his wife's asshole and then the back of Jose's hand as it ramped up the attack on her clit.
The sight of the kid's white spunk landing on his cock and hitching a ride into his wife's ass was all Kyle could stand and he started pounding harder. "I'm coming," he grunted. "I'm filling your ass with cum."
Tina heard his words and felt his cum shooting deep inside while fingers she couldn't see flogged her to the finish line. "Yes, yes, yes. Fuck my ass, fuck it hard! Fill me with cum, cover me with cum!" She went into her most powerful orgasm of the day and her juices gushed from her.
Watching the triple orgasm in front of them, especially Tina's, sent the other four guys down their own homestretches and they flogged their mounts with intense concentration. John finally registered the activity from his reborn brothers and scooted back, dragging his balls across Tina's face as he made room for Darius and Mitch.
Brad won their 4-way race to orgasm number two and claimed his prize by hosing down her naked mons with his thick spunk. Following just seconds behind, Jose also put his first round on her cunt, then yanked his cock sideways, adding the rest of his seed to what John had deposited on her belly.
"Open!" a voice croaked to the right of Tina's head. She wasn't completely recovered from her own orgasm, but without conscious thought she automatically opened her mouth wide as she rotated her head toward the voice.
She was just in time to take her second mouthful of Darius's man-cream before his jerking hand sent the rest of his load all over her pretty face.
"Here!" came from her left and she quickly rolled her head that way to find herself staring down the barrel of Mitch's cannon. The first shot hit her lower lip, sending half his wad into her open mouth and the other half across her chin. Then the heavy artillery shifted aim to the left and sent the rest of its load blasting across her chest.
So much cum! So much cum all over me,Tina howled passionately inside.
Her hands shot out sideways of their own accord and pulled the two closest cocks to her mouth to catch the last of their semen and shower them with kisses.
When she finally felt Kyle slip out of her tender asshole and sit back between her legs, she released Darius and Mitch and calmed herself with deep, slow breaths.
Then Tina looked up and saw all five of the young strangers looking at her with bright smiles. In the heat of the moment each had used and some would say degraded her, but there was only awe, respect and lingering desire in their eyes now.
One by one they moved to her and said thank you without using those words. Instead, they told her how beautiful she was and touched or stroked her gently. The boldest ones gave her nipple one last cum-covered pinch or wiped a blob of spunk from her cheek into her mouth, where she sucked the finger clean.
After their personal, intimate farewells to Tina, their living wet dream, they searched around for their clothes, put them on and gave the couple a more traditional, friendly goodbye before leaving the room.
Chapter 19
Kyle moved up and laid alongside his wife. Tina rolled onto her side and held her head against his chest. Her earlier internal doubts, which had become smothered in passion, began to prod at her.
But her husband put them down again before she even voiced them. He stroked her hair and kissed the top of her head. "You are incredible," he whispered. "I can't believe how lucky I am to have a woman like you. I love you so much."
Her soft, but earnest, "Thank you," covered so many different things, but he seemed to understand that intuitively and just cuddled tighter against her.
Her hand trailed down across his firm belly, drifting of its own accord into his crotch. There she felt a mass of something gooey in his pubic hair well above his penis. With a mini-shock she realized it wasn't his own cum; that had gone deep into her ass. Instead, it was from the men who'd aimed their bukkake streams at her empty, gaping pussy and had hit his crotch as well.
She corralled the splooge with the edge of her palm and pressed it down against his cock, which lay limp, but heavy, in the nest of hair. She used the young strangers' cum as lube and began massaging her husband's cock. When it responded and began to swell, she stroked it while she spoke into his chest hair.
"You made my fantasy come true today. Hell, even extra fantasies I didn't know I had. What about you? If I say it's your turn, what fantasy do you want me to make come true for you?"
Of course, she already had, since they'd shared the bukkake fantasy and discovered the golden shower fantasy together, but she didn't want such a trite answer. She wanted a real answer; one that continued to push their envelope.
Kyle obviously picked up on that and drawled out, "Weelll, I was thinking a bit about the brothers' condo With a cool place like that, and a huge boost in experience and confidence after their day with you, they shouldn't have any problem finding some young, female houseguests."
"Not if they take Mitch around in a Speedo and let one of the other four do the talking," Tina said with a laugh. "But what does that have to do with us?"
"Their condo just sounded like a great place to have our next party."
"Ournext party? At theboys' condo?" Her suspicion grew as she distinctly felt his member getting more rigid. "And what part would theseyoung, female houseguestsplay; especially with you?"
"Oh, don't worry," he soothed. "You'd still be the center of attention. Imagine yourself on your back on a large bed like this again. Only this time you're tied down with soft ropes, to the corners, spread-eagled.
Her hand shifted and she squeezed his nutsack with purpose. "And who's tied me to this bed -- in the brothers' family condo? You?"
"No, the young ladies will do that. After they've undressed you. They're like hand maidens to the high priestess."
"High Priestess," she considered, finding more cum to smear over his shaft as she returned to stroking. "And after they've tied down their priestess, what will my acolytes do?"
"They'll torture you," he said matter-of-factly.
"Torture? Umm --"
"They'll torture you without touching you," he continued, as he began massaging one of her spunk-covered tits. "They'll torture you by pleasuring the men right in front of you, while you go untouched, including being unable to touch yourself."
"That would be torture," she agreed.
"For today's bukkake, each man stroked himself until he sprayed his seed across your naked, willing flesh. For the next one, each man will fuck another woman right next to you, in any or all of her holes, until he's ready to shoot. Then he'll pull out and aim his weapon at you, while your acolyte strokes him and sprays his hot cum on your wide open, but restrained body."
The cum-painted wife slid her soft body down her perverted husband's hard one until her face was at his crotch. She admired the thick, beautiful rod in her hand, glistening with the cream he'd deposited in her rectum. Just before impaling her throat on the naughty delight, she said, "Tell me more."