A fun loving exhibitionist with bad relationship experiences help her turn towards her kind hearted brother.
(Some of the terms used may be different here as I am an Australian writer)
When I first left home I shared an apartment my two sisters, Danielle and Cassandra. Cassandra was the younger of the two and we usually called her Cassie. I was the youngest in the family and there was only a year between me and Cassie. Danielle was four years older than her and being the oldest, she generally felt like she could tell us what to do and that her views were always the right ones.
Cassie and I got on really well together, she was just a fun quirky girl who was always in a good mood. She had nice round boobs and her curvy body was just beautiful. With her long dark blonde wavy hair, green eyes and gorgeous smile, I thought she was one of the hottest girls I had ever met.
There was a time when Cassie seemed to be dating a different guy every week. She was a complete flirt and it seemed like she could have any guy she wanted. But after a few bad experiences and generally getting sick of being objectified, she appeared to stop showing an interest in guys at all.
Danielle thought she was hiding something and that maybe she was into girls now. But I talked to her about that kind of stuff and she told me she just didn't want the drama and bad experiences to continue. She needed a break to be herself and explore new things without having the complexities of a relationship.
That didn't stop Cassie from wearing very skimpy outfits though. She was used to the sleazy comments from guys and felt that shouldn't stop a girl from dressing the way she wanted. She loved her body and worked hard to keep it in shape, and showing off made her feel confident. Even at home she wore as little as she could get away with in front of me and Danielle.
Of course, having this sexy sister around who was always nice to me and wore skimpy clothing was enough for me to develop a crush on her to say the least. She would get changed in front of me in her room letting me see her in just her underwear sometimes, and this type of thing made me fantasise about what I would like to do with her. I never dreamed anything would happen between us of course, she was my sister and I was just a horny brother who thought about stuff like that. But I was certainly going to make every effort to see as much of her gorgeous body as I could. I tried spying on her through the bathroom door a few times, but all I could see was a blurry silhouette through the steam of the shower.
Around the time when Cassie stopped dating guys, she seemed to become more crazy flaunting her body in front of us at home. It seemed like she had developed her thrill for showing off and being naughty in front of anyone she could. I remember the first time I got to see her bare ass, and from then on things just kept getting better.
I was in the kitchen with Danielle chatting and heating up some dinner one night when Cassie walked in. She was wearing a tight low cut white tank top and it was evident she had no bra on as her nipples were poking visibly through it. Her top only just covered her bottom half and I was wondering if she had any undies on under there. Danielle had also noticed her lack of clothing and decided to comment.
"Jesus Cassie, your boobs look like they're about to fall out of that top and I can see your nipples poking through it a mile away."
Cassie just shrugged her shoulders and smiled, "lucky for you!"
As she walked around the kitchen Cassie went to grab something from the top cupboard, giving me and Danielle a slight glimpse of her ass as her top rode up her hips. I wasn't certain if she had nothing on under there at all, possibly she was wearing a g-string, it was kind of hard to tell. Luckily for me though, Danielle just came straight out and asked.
"Fuck Cassie have you got any pants on under there?"
Cassie just laughed and said, "nope!"
Then without hesitation, with her back turned she lifted up her top, giving us a nice clear view of her gorgeous bare bum. "See?" she said giggling. This was a wonderful sight for me, and I was praying that I would get to see more of my sexy sister's body while she was in this crazy mood.
"God Cassie! Stop that. Would you go and put some undies on please! Grant and I do not want to see that thank you."
I had to stop Danielle there, maybe it would come across a bit weird but I had to be honest, and besides this was an opportunity to let Cassie know I thought she was sexy. So I nervously said, "umm, speak for yourself Danielle, I don't mind at all."
Cassie giggled and replied, "I bet you don't!" in a cheeky and provocative voice.
"Fuck Grant, don't encourage her, and besides that's just creepy. She's your sister, don't say things like that. Please just go and put some pants on Cassie."
Cassie sighed, "fine, I'm going!" and then gave me a cheeky little smile as she walked off to her bedroom. Danielle had to go and mess things up, I was convinced I might have seen a glimpse of Cassie's pussy that night if she didn't get told to put her pants back on.
About a week later when Danielle and I were watching TV in the living room, Cassie came out with just a bra and a g-string on. She looked so goddamn sexy in that thing, her perfect bare ass cheeks swaying from side to side as she walked. Danielle tried to make her cover up, but this time Cassie wasn't having a bar of it.
"It's not like I'm naked so just fucking deal with it Danielle," she snapped, and proudly continued to walk around like that for the rest of the evening.
A few weeks later Danielle had plans to go out for the night with some friends. As soon as I heard this was going to be the case I became excited about the slightest chance that Cassie might get playful with the way she dressed around me with no one else home. If she didn't, I planned to encourage her in any way I could. I wanted to see her pussy more than anything in the world.
So the night came and Danielle went to leave for her friend's house. Cassie basically wore just a shirt and undies most of the time at home, but her shirts were long enough to cover her bottom half. Knowing how Cassie had been acting lately though, Danielle warned her before she left, "Cassie, keep your fucking clothes on ok!"
"Yes Mum!" Cassie responded with a little chuckle.
Danielle just shook her head, then said goodbye and left. After the front door had closed Cassie said, "I can't believe she thinks she can tell me what to do like that." She actually appeared genuinely annoyed.
"Yeah, don't worry about her," I said "she's gone now so fuck what she thinks."
"Right?!" she said with a smile "I really don't care what she thinks."
Excellent, I thought to myself, hopefully this meant she was going to be in less clothing at some point through the night.