I was sitting on the patio under a ceiling fan reading. Mary came over to me and told me she was going shopping. This was our last full day on vacation and she wanted to pick up a few things before packing.
She was wearing her favorite and infamous yellow sun dress. It was a cute little number with a modestly scooped neckline, thin adjustable shoulder straps, and a short flouncy-bouncy bottom. Tiny matching silk panties completed the outfit.
"Are you on a mission?" I asked with a laugh. "I'll go with you, if you are."
"Not today," she said, as she twirled around and lifted her hemline to show me she was wearing her panties. "Serious last minute shopping. Not enough time to meander putting myself on display." Rest assured, when she's on a mission, the shoulder straps are adjusted so only her nipples are covered, her panties stay home, and anyone who sees her - well, sees her!
About ten minutes after she left, the doorbell rang. Standing at the front door was a guy a couple of inches taller than me wearing shorts and a golf shirt.
"Hi, I'm Paul," said my visitor. "My wife and I are staying in her parent's house on the other side of the street. We're here for the entire month. The other day I noticed you brought golf clubs with you. I was wondering if you'd like to play a round or two?"
"That sounds great, but this is our last day on vacation. Tomorrow we fly home."
"Got time today for a quick nine?"
I quickly responded, "Sure!"
Paul then said, "My Father-in-Law has a full membership with a golf cart, facility usage, and a food and beverage plan at the local country club. It won't cost us anything to play."
We played nine holes in record time. All of our shots stayed in play, any putt within six inches was picked up, plus no one was on the course.
"This is an amazing place," I said, as we sat in the restaurant having lunch that included a couple of beers. "The man-made pond, with its water fowl and water displays between the club house and 18th green is spectacular. And the elevated 18th green is awesome."
"My wife and I come here often for drinks and meals. We also come here after dark. You seem like a pretty straight shooter, so I'll share something with you. My wife is a bit of an exhibitionist. She got bored wearing revealing outfits, flashing her tits and snatch to the waitstaff. So, one night a few years ago, she suggested we sneak on the 18th green and fuck like a couple of rabbits! It's quite exhilarating being completely naked, and having sex so close to all of the people eating and drinking on the outside patio. We can see them, but that can't see us. There's a few other guys who also fuck their wives on the green. Some nights as many as 6 couples are bumping uglies on the putting surface!"
"I can't believe you said that your wife is an exhibitionist!" I exclaimed. "I might have married her sister. My wife also likes to display her assets, and loves to fuck outdoors."
Paul said, "Why don't we all meet at our house, drink some wine, watch the sunset and gradually work into the conversation coming back here tonight. Something you should know, my wife and I don't swap partners. We have been naked around other couples on many occasions, but we stay to ourselves."
"Same with us," I responded. "I think we have a plan."
On the ride home, I shared what happened earlier in the week at Pelican Links. I also mentioned some of the little adventures Mary and I have had over the years. They also did their share of over the top flashing.
With all the last minute stuff we had to do, Mary still thought it was a good idea to see the sunset from our neighbor's private beach. She put on a bathing suit, while I packed up what food we had that we didn't want to toss out.
"What do you think?" she asked.
I was in awe. She was wearing another sexy bathing suit. It was her fourth one this week. This one's front was cut square across the widest part of her chest. Half of her spectacular breasts were clearly visible. The suit had one wide adjustable shoulder strap, meaning she could expose more of her tits. Each leg opening reached high above her waist. The front barely
covered her pussy, and only half of her perfectly round ass was hidden behind thin material, in the back.
Just before 7:00, we left our house with a bottle of wine and a couple of bags of food for Paul and his wife.
Paul answered the door and led us to the kitchen. After introductions were made, he poured us each a glass of wine, and said his wife Pat, would be out shortly. She was talking to her folks and they could be long winded. He looked at Mary and said, "Amazing!" We were a little thrown by the comment until Pat came into the kitchen.
Pat and Mary were cast from the same mold! Both wives were shaped identically. They were the same weight and height. They both possessed C-cup tits, flat stomachs, and shapely legs.
Mary was the first to say, "I'm looking at myself with blonde hair!"
Paul introduced his wife and poured her a glass of wine.
Pat said, "Boy, do I like your bathing suit, Mary. It's very sexy and the lime green color is awesome."
"Thanks. I brought some rather sexy clothes - you know the check out this body type - but your suit is making me horny!" she said with a laugh.
Two small diamond shapes covered Pat's nipples. One larger diamond shape covered her vagina. These pieces of material were connected by a network of satin ribbons. Nothing covered her ass.
Pat said, "I wear this and a couple of other outrageous clothes for Paul's benefit. I can get by in public with most of my sexy clothes, but the really outrageous stuff is mostly seen by him. You know we're probably the same size. We've got plenty of time before the sunset. Let me show you what I wear to the country club and to our beach. The guys can clean the table and chairs at the beach, while we have a little fashion show."
Off they went to the master bedroom. Off Paul and I went to the beach.
Thankfully, the breeze picked up and the sand fleas disappeared. We wiped everything down and concentrated on drinking the two bottles of wine we brought with us. About an hour later, we heard the girl's voices getting louder as they walked closer to us. They stood in front of us, each with a bottle of wine, and were both in different bathing suits. Bathing suits that instantly gave Paul and me erections!
Pat was in a red suit. The narrow material from her shoulders draped over each nipple, like a pair of suspenders meeting the little material on the front of the suit. The same shoulder material draped all the way to her barely covered backside. Mary's suit was a little different. Her suit was made of black lace. Both of her tits, her vagina, and her ass were covered in black mesh. The mesh material was as transparent as Saran Wrap!
"See, I told you these suits would have them sporting wood in no time at all," Pat said, laughing and pointing to the obvious tenting in our bathing suits.
"You guys can take those things out, and let them breath, but no jerking off," Mary said. "Save your cum for tonight. We're all going to the golf course after dark and fuck side-by-side." So much for developing a master plan to convince them to go to the golf course tonight!
Both wives dominated the conversation talking about their flashing experiences. Eventually, we finished all four bottles of wine. Paul mentioned that on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evenings, the club opens the restaurant and bar to the general public. Enough people show up that the maintenance area has to be used as an overflow lot. That's where we'll park.
The sunset was spectacular. The colors of the evening sky were amazing. After the sun disappeared from view, we packed our stuff up. Paul and I followed two perfectly shaped asses along the sandy path, back to their house.
Mary and Pat went to the master bedroom, so Mary could retrieve the bathing suit she wore over. Paul and I heard giggling followed by laughing. We put the uneaten snacks away and loaded the dishwasher with our wine glasses. When we turned around, Mary was standing next to Pat, completely naked, holding her green bathing suit. "We have such a short distance to walk, why fight to put the suit on - only to take it off in a few minutes," she said. "Besides, you guys saw all this already," pointing at herself. I couldn't argue with that logic, so we headed home to wait for the night to get darker.
We followed Paul's car through the main parking lot into the maintenance area, and parked under a light near the first work shed. We were the only two cars there, but that could change throughout the evening. Pat hoped out of their car naked. Mary quickly pulled off the beach cover-up she had on over her naked body, and met Pat with a hug.
Paul handed me a thin blanket and said, "Lay on this. Don't worry about staining it. We take almost everything we use to an industrial laundromat before we leave! Now, the road we're on circumvents the perimeter of the course, and is flat. Between the first two work sheds is a slightly winding golf cart path that leads to the side of the green. As we get further away from any lights, our eyes will adjust. Follow behind us." We all took off for the 18th green.
Before we left the cart path Paul said, "We have about 15 feet of uneven ground before we reach the green, that's why we suggested wearing sneakers. We'll go all the way to the top of the green. It's by far the best spot for what we have in mind." Pat said, "Guys, try to cum on the green. It's pretty uncomfortable walking back to the car dripping a load of spunk."
Surprisingly enough, our eyes dilated enough to see. We reached the top of the elevated green, and I removed my shorts and top. My stiff dick pointed straight toward the stars.
We laid our blankets next to each other, then Paul took his clothes off. Mary and I looked across the pond to the covered patio. We were amazed at the number of people within our eye sight that had no idea four naked people were watching them.
We heard the tinkling of ice in glassware, the clanging of silverware and dishes being hauled to the kitchen, and the din of voices. We also heard the contented sighs of a woman getting laid.
Pat was on her hands and knees - Paul was taking her from behind. I didn't think it was possible for my dick to be any harder than it was earlier in the week, but I was wrong. Tonight it felt like I had a steel rod between my legs.
Mary laid on her back within an arms length of Pat, and opened her legs to accept me. When I entered her, she gasped and whispered, "My God, you're so hard. Make me cum." We instantly found a rhythm together. Both girls were breathing heavy. Their muffled sighs, and cries of pleasure, could only be heard by the four of us.
Pat whispered, "Don't stop, please don't stop, I'm going to cum." Soon after that, she let out a moan and said, "Yes!" Paul withdrew is hard dick from her wet gash, quickly stood, and came on the green to the right of where they were fucking. We saw Pat rotate to face her husband, and watched as she engulf Paul's dick. We could hear the slurping sounds she was making, licking and sucking any remaining cum left in him.
Mary raised her legs to her chest, giving me a different angle. As I pushed my hard 6" dick in and out of her, I felt like I was hitting the top of her pussy. She started to squirm, and said, "I'm almost there, I'm almost there, I'm almost there. Oh, Oh, Oh!" She coated my dick with huge amounts of fluids. I couldn't hold back anymore. I withdrew from Mary's extremely wet pussy, and like Paul, I sprayed my load on the green, but to our left. With Paul and Pat watching, I knelt between my wife's outstretched legs, and literally drank her discharge, making her cum again.
The four of us folded up the blankets and walked across the green, naked. Before we got to the wood line we heard the squishing sound of a cock sliding in and out of a pussy, and a quiet voice pleading, "faster, faster, faster." Someone else was enjoying the great outdoors, too.
We said our good-byes beneath the light where we parked. It was almost comical for Paul and me. Here we were naked, shaking hands, and saying thanks to each other. It was definitely erotic for Pat and Mary. They had their hands on each others hips, their tits were gently pressed together, and their good-bye was in the form of a long lingering kiss. When they broke away, Mary said, "Thank you for an unbelievable day." Pat said, "I should be the one to thank you."
On the ride back to the house, I said, "What a week. I don't know what excites me the most. You making that guy cum, at the beginning of the week, you and Pat in those bathing suits, having great sex next to another couple, also having sex, or watching you kiss Pat good-bye."
My naked wife placed a leg on the dash board, and inserted a finger in her sopping wet pussy. As she slowly moved her finger in and out, she said, "This week will be hard to top. When we revisit this little adventure, and you know we will, I'm sure it will be our new number one adventure. God, I'm still horny. Got enough left in the tank, to throw another one in me?"
Back in the house, Mary led me to the bedroom. She lowered her head on a pillow and spread the cheeks of her ass. She wanted me to lick her little brown opening. My tongue licked the salty sweat around her hole. As I ran my tongue over her opening, she started to move her ass. When my tongue entered her ass-hole, she began to buck. She begged me not to stop. While she was in the throws of an orgasm, I continued to enjoy the taste of her ass-hole. My tongue quickly darted in and out of her. When her orgasm ended, I plunged my hard dick into her love tunnel. I pounded her as hard as I could. Within minutes of her last climax, she enjoyed another.
Knowing It would be difficult to cum in such a short time, I pulled out of her and laid on my back. Mary instantly devoured my stiff dick. She sucked every bit of her love juices off my shaft. I felt a stirring in my balls and told her I thought I was going to cum. She placed the head of my dick in her mouth and aggressively stroked my shaft. I was on the verge of unloading, when she slid a finger in my ass trying to locate my prostate. Her moving finger put me over the top. I shot spurt after spurt of cum in her mouth.
We hit the shower together, stayed naked, and packed for the trip home.
Before falling asleep, Mary said, "What a memorable week."
I simply said, "No Shit!"