Things were very different in the late sixties in our little section of Nebraska when I married. At least in my area of Nebraska where the bible still ruled over everything; women were expected to be a housewife and the husband was the lord of his castle for the bible says:
Wives, submit to your own husbands, as to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife even as Christ is the head of the church, his body, and is himself its Savior. Now as the church submits to Christ, so also wives should submit in everything to their husbands.
That was the way it was with my parents and my older siblings. I had been working in a department store when I met my future husband. He was a lawyer and a deacon in our little church which is where we met. He knew every word of the bible and quoted it often.
We dated for six months before we married, and it was clear long before he proposed that his wife would never work outside the home. My job would be to take care of him and our future family. I did not expect anything different. It was the way I was raised.
Except for some groping when making out, we did not have sex before our wedding night. I came to our wedding bed a virgin and awoke the next morning feeling the same as I did every morning. It seemed to me that sex was overrated.
We were not able to go on a proper honeymoon, as my husband called it because of his commitments with his law practice. We spent the first few months of our marriage in our small town. I got up before him, made breakfast, packed his lunch, cleaned the house and made him dinner. Most nights he would work on a legal brief, and I would read a book. We had sex several times a week in the beginning using the missionary position. I did not realize there was any other positions except that, and the way animals had sex.
We went on our honeymoon several months later to some island in the Caribbean. My husband was happy because he had just won some big case and we could go first class all the way. I was happy because for the first time in my life, not only was I going to fly, but I was going to see the ocean. My husband had flown several times in the military and while he was going to law school. He called me a nervous nelly on the two-hour ride to the airport and we had to change planes in Chicago. There were so many people of color in Chicago. There was only one black family in our whole town. And there were so many other races of people I had never seen before. The island was more of the same, it was almost like white was not the majority and many of the people who were white didn't speak English.
The other thing that made me happy about this trip was my husband's suggestion that it was time we started a family. I had been looking forward to having children forever and was disappointed when he told me he wanted to wait on our wedding night.
The ocean blew me away, I could see forever. Our room looked out over the beach, and I was so content, just standing on our balcony and watching the waves. My husband teased me and suggested that instead of just looking at it, we should go swimming. I put on my only bathing suit, a one-piece I had for years. The look of disappointment on my husband's face cannot be described.
He said, "Honey, we are thousands of miles away from anyone we know. This is an opportunity to relax. Let's go down to the store in the hotel and buy you a new suit, something like the other woman on the beach are wearing."
I put my street clothes back on and we headed down to the lobby not knowing what my husband had in mind. Was he going to suggest a two piece? We entered the store, and I started scanning the racks of bathing suits. They did not carry any one-piece suits, so I started going through what they had. None of their suits would cover much of my body. My bra and panties covered more than any suit in the store. My husband, who had disappeared when we entered the store came up to me with a handful of string bikinis, he wanted me to try on. I tried to disagree, but he quoted some bible verse that a wife's body belongs to the husband and that I was disrespecting him and God, by not trying on the suits.
Although the bikini had been around for a while by the mid-60s, they had not made it to Nebraska and the ones my husband had handed me were more scandalous than those seen on Hollywood stars. But once he started quoting the bible, I knew it was pointless to argue. I felt naked when I donned the first suit. My husband wanted me to step out of the dressing room to show him, but I was too embarrassed. He insisted so I just opened the curtain so he could look in. Most of my breasts were visible and much of my butt. I also had pubic hair sticking out of the bottoms.
I expected him to order me back into the room, but he insisted that the suit was perfect, and I should shave my private area before we went to the beach. We repeated the same process for two other suits. We would look for other suits over the ten days we were going to be here. I also looked for a cover up to wear while traveling between our room and the beach. My husband took the one I had picked out and handed me his choice, something that was almost transparent and barely covered my ass.
As I was changing in our room, my husband insisted that I shave my entire private area. He inspected my privates after we were done. After which, he pulled me over his knee and spanked me for being disobedient in the store. Several sharp smacks were administered to each of my cheeks which left me in shock. The material of the bikini did little to shield my flesh from his blows. Most of all, I was in shock that my husband had actually punished me in that fashion. It was certainly in his rights, but I was not expecting it, especially on our honeymoon.
We headed down to the beach while I tried to stay behind my husband and hide my nakedness and red butt. I felt little more comfortable once we settled into our beach chairs. I noticed that most of the women were in similar suits, so I did not feel out of place. I also noticed that some of the women were topless, something my husband definitely noticed. Feeling a little more comfortable, I finally removed my coverup.
My husband offered me encouraging words and began to apply sunscreen on my body. It felt weird being almost naked in front of so many people and my husband's hands rubbing my almost naked body in front of those people seemed pornographic. Occasionally his hands would wonder onto my ass or touch my breasts.
I was laying on my back, almost asleep, when a waiter came by to take our order. Standing over me was this incredibly well-built black man. I felt his eyes running over my nearly naked body as my husband ordered us two alcoholic beverages. As he turned to leave, I realized that when my husband had applied sunscreen, he had shifted the cups of my bra so that my top barely covered my nipples, and the bottom of the suit was barely covering my pubic mound. My nipples were aching hard, and I cannot describe what was going on in my vagina.
I rarely drank alcohol and between the sun and the drinks, I felt myself falling asleep. My husband encouraged me to roll over and I remember him rubbing fresh sunscreen on my back. I was still on my back when the waiter returned, and I asked my husband if I could have a coffee to help wake me up. I sat up when the waiter came back with my coffee and the top of my suit fell off revealing my breasts. I was flabbergasted. The waiter seemed nonchalant out my nakedness and left, but the tingling in my vagina had returned. My husband apologized saying that he had undone my top when applying the sunscreen and thought I knew that. Besides he said, many of the women on the beach were topless. He seemed happy about my nakedness. As I drank my coffee, I realized there was something amiss with my bottoms. While applying sunscreen, my husband had pushed the bulk of my swimsuit between my butt cheeks exposing most of my ass, a view our waiter must have enjoyed when he took our order.
My husband announced it was time to get ready for dinner and we headed back to our room. He kept me in front of him as we walked, and I felt like I was in a parade, and everyone was looking at me. When we got to the room, he positioned me in front of the bed.
He said, "I want to commend you for being obedient after our little upset this morning and I want to reward you."
My husband pushed the bottom of my suit to the floor and gently pushed me onto the bed. I spread my legs expecting him to enter me but instead he knelt at the floor with his face between my legs. I was almost expecting him to start praying.
"I like your vagina like this, so nice and smooth. I am ordering you to keep it like this, even when we return to Nebraska."
With that, he put his lips onto my privates and began to kiss me there. I tried to push him away, but he ordered me to stop and told me to put my hands behind my head. His kisses turned to licks and when he spread my vagina, the tingling came back in force. It seemed like my bottom had a mind of its own as it wanted to push against my husband's face. I was having trouble keeping my hands behind my head as he had ordered. First one hand went behind his head, guiding him to that most sensitive spot. My other hand soon found my breasts and I began to pinch my nipples. It was like I had no control over my body. Soon a rumbling began deep inside of me, and I felt my hips bucking against his tongue as the rumbling completely consumed me.
He stopped licking and let the last of my convulsions subside. He came up beside me and gave me the most passionate kiss of our relationship, his tongue exploring my mouth. I could taste myself on him. I expected to find it unpleasant but instead, the opposite was true, and I licked the rest of my juices off his face. I realized that maybe sex was not overrated after all.
He suggested that I get in the shower first. My nipples and pussy were still very sensitive when I started the shower. Dragging the dry washcloth across my nipples sent a shock into my pussy. I soon found one hand pinching my nipples again and my other fingers rubbing that sensitive area of my vagina. I came again as I learned that was called. Stopping was hard but I heard my husband asking if I was done so I stepped out and dried off.
When I came out to the bedroom, I found that my husband had bought me a new dress. He said my boring Nebraska clothes were not appropriate here for such a beautiful woman in such a beautiful place. Off he went into the shower. At first glance, the dress did look very pretty. I held against me and realized it was very short and that it was designed for bare shoulders. None of my bras would work with the dress. Remembering the spanking I had received earlier, I decided to put it on without a bra and he would realize his mistake once he saw me in it.
The dress was worse than I thought. It was several inches above my knee and the material was so sheer I am sure people could see through it. I had not brought any slips with me that would fit under the dress. The top was worse. Not only was it off my shoulders but it exposed a lot of cleavage, slightly less than the bikini I wore earlier. That material was also thin enough that my nipples were clearly visible even when they weren't hard. If I moved the wrong way, the top opened up and someone would have a clear view of my breasts.
The shower shutoff and I stood there waiting for my husband to come out of the shower and realize his mistake, instead his face lit up and said, "absolutely perfect."
We ate dinner that night in the hotel restaurant. I felt like everyone was looking at me as we crossed the lobby and waited to be seated. The maître d' held my chair, and I am sure he had a clear view of my breasts as I sat down.
Dinner was excellent and my husband had ordered a bottle of wine. My second glass of wine gave me some courage to ask my husband about his clothing choices for me.
"Husband," I said, "why do you want me to wear such revealing clothes as this dress and the swimsuits you bought me today? I feel like every man is staring at me and for the first time, a man other than you or my doctor has seen my naked breasts."
"You are my prized possession my dear. It is only right that I show you off and it is a big compliment to me when men stare at you. I know the waiter saw your breasts as you were being seated. The look of lust in his eyes as he admired your breasts gave me great satisfaction. You should be honored that I am so proud of your beauty."
I went to say something else, but he raised his hand and said he was done with this conversation and would hear no more.
After dinner we headed into the ballroom as my husband wanted another drink. I felt that I had already had enough alcohol, but my husband insisted I have one more. My husband wanted to dance and asked me to finish my drink before he led me out to the dance floor. It was a slow song and it felt good when he put his arms around me. I laid my head on his shoulder.
He was whispering in my ear how beautiful I was when his hand slipped down to my ass. I wanted to ask him to stop touching me there in front of all these people but the tingling in my vagina returned. I noticed that other men were dancing with their partners in a similar fashion. There was also a black man dancing with a white woman. He was playing with his partner's breast as they danced. My husband must have noticed also because his hand found my breast and my hard nipples. I felt his manhood begin to harden.
He said, "We should head back to our room, or I will fuck you right here and you are not ready for that yet."
I wondered by what he meant when he added yet to that sentence.
With his hand still on my ass, he guided me off the dance floor and through the lobby. He told me to stand still once we got back in our room. He removed my dress, put it on a hanger and then slid my panties down. Circling around me, he caressed my breasts and ass. His hand cupped my vagina and gave it a squeeze.
He remarked, "you are truly remarkable creature, and it has taken me too long to realize that. Your breasts are absolutely perfect, not too big that they would end up sagging down. You still have that bubble butt of a much younger woman. Most of all, I love the way your cunt tastes."
I was shocked that he would use such crass language with me. I don't think I ever heard that word spoken before and certainly not referring to one of my body parts. We both had too much to drink but that did not excuse his language.
He continued, "unfortunately, I need to discipline you again. You may occasionally question me, but to continue after I had answered is completely unacceptable."
With that, he sat down on the bed and pulled me across his knee. He administered several sharp smacks, and my bum was bare. Instead of the pain I had felt earlier, I began to feel that tingling again in my vagina. My husband's free hand found one of my breasts and he began to pull on my nipple, to the point that it hurt. He administered several more smacks. Instead of pulling away, I felt my bottom pushing up to meet his hand. That hand stopped spanking me and drifted down to my nether region. Two of his fingers began to caress my pussy. His thumb began to rest on my anus. My first thought was to push it away, but I did not know how he would react. Instead, I found myself spreading my legs to give him better access to my pussy.
A loud moan escaped me when his fingers entered my pussy, and I realized I was losing control over my body for a second time since we arrived. He would push those fingers deep into me and then dragged their wetness across my anus. Occasionally, he would surprise me by administering more slaps across my bum. All the while, he continued his assault on my breasts, I was aching for the release that his tongue had given me earlier. His thumb soon found its way into my pussy, and he began to work it in and out like a miniature penis. I felt my orgasm building. I did not want his thumb; I wanted his penis inside me. For the first time in our relationship, I was aching for it.
"Please," I begged.
"Please what," he said. "Do you want me to fuck your cunt with my cock."
I tried to say yes but it sounded more like a moan.
He pulled his thumb from my pussy and gave my bum another sharp smack, the hardest of the evening.
"Say it exactly like I said it."
"Yes, I want you to fuck my cunt with your cock, I want to feel you inside me."
He lifted me up, placed me face down on the bed and then pulled me up onto my knees. He was standing on the floor right behind me and pulled me towards him until I felt his penis pushing up against my pussy. I felt him rub himself against me.
"God" he said, "I can't believe I own this,"
And then he shoved his cock all the way into me. A groan began deep in my belly as I felt myself orgasm on my husband for the first time.
"Did you just come on my cock my little pet?"
Another half moan, half yes, escaped me. He began pounding himself into me. Never had we made love in this position and never had he continued to thrust into me with such force. Another orgasm swept over me.
"You really like getting fucked like this don't you?"
I didn't know how to answer. Getting fucked is what bad girls did. Only sluts would like to get fucked but as I came again, I knew I liked it and didn't care what you called it.
He slapped me twice on my ass again and ordered me to say it. I knew what he wanted.
After several more smacks, I said, "yes I like when you fuck me like this." I came again as I said it and felt him come inside me almost at the same time. He collapsed on top of me.
After laying there for a few minutes; he said, "You have one more lesson to learn today. You need to learn how to clean me after we fuck."
"I will get a washcloth husband."
As I stood up, he pulled me to him and pushed me onto my knees.
"No, my wife, you will learn to clean me with your mouth," and he pushed my face to his penis.
The original thought that he wanted me to put my mouth on his penis revolted me. That was something whores did for money. Was I to be his whore? I also saw gobs of his semen on his penis. But the smell was enticing. As I smelt and tasted myself on his face after he licked my vagina, that was all I could smell as he pushed my face closer to his penis. I wanted to taste myself again and began to lick his penis.
My juices covered his whole groin area and that was all I could smell. I continued to lick his entire penis and his testicles and the rest of his flesh in that area. At some point, I took the head of his penis into my mouth and began to suck more of my juices off him. I could also taste more of his sperm. Seeking more of my juices, I sucked more and more of his penis into my mouth and then I realized he was hard again. I went to pull away after he was hard, but he stood up and held my head onto his penis.
He said, "I thought you would be a good cocksucker, but I thought it would take more effort on my part. You play the pure and holy but you're just a natural cock sucking whore, now let me fuck that cunt face of yours."
His words hurt me. I was only doing what he asked. My struggle to comprehend the harsh words he used, did not compare to my struggles as he shoved his penis into my mouth like it was my vagina. Sometimes I was barely able to restrain myself from vomiting on him. Other times I struggled to breath because his penis was in my throat. In between that, he was yanking on my hair telling me to suck harder. His harsh words continued, I was a slut and a whore. Then he screamed that I should swallow his come.
He grabbed my hair again and pulled my mouth off his penis and commanded me to hold my mouth open. He was jerking his penis and then I felt his semen hit my tongue. Not yet bitch he shouted. I was still on my knees with my mouth full of his semen. There was more semen in his penis that he began to rub on my face. My husband took out his camera and took a picture of me like that. The camera was a polaroid kind, and he ordered me to sit there while the picture developed. Once he was satisfied with the shot, I was allowed to swallow his semen. He showed me the picture. My face was a mess with my makeup smeared all over, my mouth full of semen and other semen smeared all over. My breasts were visible, and they were coved with my saliva.
"That was a lot of fun," he said. "But you should get in the shower and clean yourself up."
I started the shower, and I was preparing to get in when I saw myself in the mirror. My hair was a mess, and his handprints were still visible on my bum. Some of his semen was leaking from my vagina and I scooped it up with my fingers. I held it to my nose, and it was myself I smelled. A desire to taste the mixture overcame me and I sucked the goo off me fingers. Digging my fingers deep into my pussy I was able to pull out some more goo which I sucked down. All of this was getting that feeling in my vagina going again. I began wetting my fingers in my pussy and then using them to play with my nipples. The thought that my husband may see me sent me into the shower which had a handheld shower head. I thought it would help me clean down there. It certainly helped but the water spray onto my vagina was intense. It was even more intense when I switched the shower head to pulse. My orgasm sent me to my knees. I was so loud my husband came into see if I was okay.
My dreams that night were deeply disturbing. Flashes of the evening kept appearing in my dreams. and I continued to play with my vagina until I came again. Echoes of being called a cock sucking whore in front of other people haunted me. Was that what he thought of me? My body was his property as the bible stated but did that mean he could fuck my face? Instead of penis and vagina, should we now call those body parts a cock and a cunt. At some point, was he expecting me to have sex with him in front of other people? What if those other people wanted to join in, would he let them?
The other thing that disturbed my sleep was my husband's penis. For the first time in our marriage, we had both slept naked and I kept feeling his hardness poking me.
I awoke too early in the morning with my husband's fingers rubbing my vagina and it felt good. I was laying on my back and spread my legs to allow him better access. Occasionally, his wet fingers would slide down and to rub my anus but mostly they were busy with my sensitive area. A moan escaped my lips when he slowly pushed two fingers into my vagina.
"I see you are awake sleepy head. Which do you like better, when I rub your clit or when I finger fuck your cunt."
I could not form an answer because I was not sure what he expected, and I wasn't sure which I liked more. Also, did he want me to call it with that same vulgar term he used.
I said, "I like them both husband."
'It's okay to tell me what you like. I want you enjoy our time together. I saw you playing with yourself last night in the shower. It was one of the most beautiful and erotic things I've seen. So, you like the way your cunt tastes?"
He took his wet fingers and pressed them to my mouth. As soon as I smelled myself, I opened my mouth and sucked his fingers clean.
"Tell me, say it out loud, do you like the way your cunt tastes?"
"Yes husband, but it is more that the taste, it's the smell I like the most."
"Thank you for being open with me regarding you smell. And what about my come, did you like the way that tasted?"
"The idea of what I was tasting was more powerful than the actual taste. I never believed a man would put his penis in my mouth and ejaculate onto my tongue."
He continued to play with my vagina and then pushing his wet fingers into my mouth. Liquid was leaking out of my vagina onto my ass, and he would rub that liquid into my anus. My hand drifted down to his hard penis, and I began to stroke it until he stopped me. I looked up as if I had done something wrong.
"I don't want to come on the sheets, I want to come in that juicy cunt of yours. Climb on top, it's your turn to fuck me."
There was some difficulty in getting myself into the position he wanted. Eventually, I found myself sitting on top of him with my vagina pressed against his hard penis.
"Now, put my cock into your cunt."
It was actually much easier than I thought. Although I couldn't see what was happening, I had grabbed his penis and started rubbing it against my clit. Waves of pleasure rolled over me. I lined it up to my whole and slowly slid down on it, a loud moan escaped me.
"Now, fuck me, move your cunt in whatever fashion gives you the most pleasure."
I wasn't sure what to do, so I first began to slide up and down which would be similar to if he was on top or behind Then I started sliding back and forth. That really felt good, especially if he was all the way in and my clit was grinding against his pubic bone. With that same angle, I could slide up and down on his penis and slam my clit against his pubic bone. After a few of this I had an orgasm so powerful I collapsed on top of him.
My husband began grinding upwards and I started going up and down again but not slamming my clit which was overly sensitive. My husband told me to sit up and play with my tits. I started off with gentle caresses and began pinching my nipples. The realization that I was pleasuring myself while my husband watched while grinding myself against his penis sent another powerful orgasm through me that wasn't stopping.
My husband said, "You like the pain, don't you?"
I had not realized it but instead of gently caressing my breast, I was now pinching my nipples very hard. I stopped immediately but my husband's hands replaced mine and he squeezed even harder. My orgasms were so strong I could no longer move. My husband rolled us over, pushed my legs over his shoulders and started fucking me. This was not making love; this was fucking that same fucking everyone said was so bad but was fucking glorious.
I don't know what took over me, but I was telling him to fuck my cunt with his cock and then I felt him come inside me, sending another wave of pleasure through me. My husband rolled off me and was laying on his back. I knew what I wanted, whether he wanted it or not was not important at that moment, I wanted that taste again.
Quickly, I moved down and wrapped my mouth around his cock. Again, I was lost in the smell, my smell. All too quickly my husband pushed me off him, saying we already missed breakfast and if I kept that up, we would also miss lunch.
I laid back down on the bed and my husband's hands found their way into my vagina again. This was the man who just talked about lunch. He took his fingers which were now covered in our mixed juices and brought them to my lips. After breathing in my scent, I eagerly sucked them clean. He told me to grab my legs and hold myself open for him as he continued to feed me his come. I began bucking my hips up the meet his fingers when he started slapping my vagina in rapid succession. The first one was a shock. Don't let go of your legs he ordered. I tried, but the most powerful orgasm overcame me shooting whatever was in my vagina onto the sheets and then I had to turn away.
He let me lay there for a bit while he showered and then it was my turn.
There was a casual "halter dress" as he called it laying on the bed for me when I finished the shower. It had strings that tied around the neck to hold up the top and the back was completely open almost to the crack of my butt. Again, there was no way I could wear a bra with this dress either and my panties rose up too high in the back. And it was short, very short. My husband noticed my discomfort with the panties and told me to take them off. I was going to say something, but he held up his hand to stop me.
The trip down to the restaurant was very unsettling. My nipples were still sensitive from our morning session and the fabric of the dress kept sliding across them every time I breathed. I could feel a cool breeze across my naked and bald vagina. The dress was so short that my bare bottom hit the cool leather of the seat and I let out a gasp eliciting a grin from the maître d'.
"I know I've been throwing a lot at you in the last 24 hours so let me explain. At home in Nebraska, there are certain pretenses we have to uphold. People hate lawyers, they don't trust them. It is very helpful to my practice that people see me as a deacon first and I don't have to work to build a level of trust. I would never do anything to betray that trust."
"But in places like this, we can have fun and explore without any of that religious bullshit and their fake morals interfering. Here we can try new things, some that we may really like, and others maybe not. Until last night, did you ever think you would like the way your cunt smelled and tasted? Would you have ever asked me to fuck you? Would you have ever put your mouth onto my cock?"
"You are a beautiful woman; I sometimes find it hard to believe you are mine. And sitting there, with your nipples protruding through your dress and knowing your bare bottom is pressed against the seat makes me so proud of you. I wish everyone in her knew your cunt was bald and naked under that dress. I'm so tempted to lift your dress and show everyone, but this is not the right place and time."
His words echoed through my mind, would he take me to a place at some point and show everyone my bald vagina. I wanted to ask if he would really do that. But if he did, would I stop him or would I enjoy being on display like that? Again, he was making my head spin. This was not the man I thought I was marrying but the last 24 hours have been anything but boring.
After breakfast, we headed back to our room and changed for the beach. My husband had a new bikini he wanted me to wear. It was too small, and I think he bought it that way on purpose. I felt like my breast were going to pop out of the top and the bottom barely covered my butt crack.
My husband announced that we were going to a new beach today although it was still part of the hotel. As we headed down the path, we passed a sign that said, "adults only." I wondered what that meant since there were topless women on yesterday's beach. As we arrived at the beach, I found that most of the women were topless, and some were even bottomless. Some of the men were naked but only a few. My husband told me to take off my top. Without thinking, I started to argue until he raised his hand.
After taking off my top, my husband insisted on applying sunscreen to my breast. It was really an opportunity to play with them in front of other people. I saw some men watching us. He asked me to roll over so he could get my back. He was paying close attention to my butt when the waiter came over. It was the same waiter as the day before and he introduced himself as Robert.
My husband ordered us some drinks as he continued to rub suntan lotion on my back. After finishing my back, he told me to roll over and get some sun on my tits. I think he really wanted the waiter to see my breasts again.
"When he brings back our drinks, I want you to check out his cock. It's huge! I heard black men have big cocks but his is incredible. I want you to imagine taking something that big into your mouth and your cunt. That reminds me, you have to learn how to take all of me into your mouth, I want to feel my cock in your throat. I'm not sure how any woman could take all of the waiter's cock. I also heard that when they come, they come in gallons. Imagine, taking that black cock into your mouth and having him come gallons into your mouth, faster than you could swallow. I'd love to see that."
I was trying to pretend that I was reading my book when the waiter came back. I had convinced myself I was not going to look at his penis and I was not going to imagine it in my mouth or vagina, and I was not going to think about gallons of come. But when he handed me my drink, the crotch of his pants were at eye level and I couldn't help but stare at that thing hanging down the leg of his shorts. As he moved, his size became even more apparent. He obviously was not wearing underwear and I do not think that they made any that could hold a penis that big. After staring at his cock, my mind immediately jumped to picture of my hands wrapping around it as I took it into my mouth and then it erupted, spraying come all over me as I tried to drink it down. Would my husband really want to see that? Would he make me?
As I was lost in that thought, I misjudged the handoff of the drink causing some of it to spill onto my breasts. Robert said he was sorry as he took a napkin and dabbed it around my nipples which were rock hard. My husband had a big grin on his face as the waiter left.
"I'm not sure what was more erotic there, you are staring at his cock, Robert staring at your tits, or him realizing you were admiring his cock and making sure you had a good view. Let's not forget him drying off your tits. This is turning into a fantastic day. Tell me, what did you think and be honest."
"I did not plan on looking at it but when he handed me my drink, it was right in front of my face."
"And did you think about taking it into your mouth and swallowing his come."
"Trying not to think about something only makes you think about it more."
He surprised by leaning over and pushing his hand down the front of my bikini. Quickly he had two fingers inside of me and then he brought those fingers to my lips.
"Taste how wet you are, how wet thinking about that big black cock made you. Imagine how it would stretch your cunt."
As I sucked on my husband's fingers, I made eye contact with a man a few feet away. How long had he been staring at me and had he seen the whole thing including my interaction with the waiter?
After finishing our drinks, my husband took me for a walk on the beach. Laying on the beach chair with my top off was one thing, walking along the beach like that was difficult. But the beach was so beautiful I almost forgot I was topless until a man would walk by and stare at my breasts. Along our walk we came to a couple laying between some bushes. They were both naked and obviously having sex. I tried to pull away, but my husband insisted that we watch. Soon several other people joined us as the man began fucking the woman from behind. They were both facing our group and I think it made them more excited as they put on a show for us.
After that little sex show, we settled back on our beach chairs, and I tried to take a nap. Visions of the couple on the beach and the waiter's penis kept haunting me. Several of the men on the beach who were bottomless also had large penises, larger that my husband but smaller than the waiters. Other than my husband's these were the first I had ever seen. The alcohol was not helping. I had the urge to slide my hand into my bikini bottoms and pleasure myself.
Trying to sleep was fruitless and filled with thoughts that would send me to hell. I was relieved when my husband suggested we head back to our room for a nap and a shower before dinner. He refused to allow me to put my bikini top on and told me just to wear the coverup instead. The words "but it's sheer" escaped my mouth and I saw that look on his face, so I quickly put it on. I realized there was something about his discipline that I was beginning to like.
As soon as we got into the room, he told me to remove my cover up and bikini bottom. After I was naked, he dragged me out onto our balcony and pushed me against the banister. Anyone returning from the beach could see my nakedness along with the people on the adjacent balconies.
"I have been clear that I want people to see you naked and have been trying to move slowly so you learn to escape that Nebraska bible thumping mentality. Stay here until I give you permission to come back inside."
My husband went back into our room and left me on the balcony naked. It was that time of the afternoon when people had started heading back from the beach. I avoided eye contact with them, so I don't know how many or who saw me naked. The man who made eye contact with me on the beach appeared on the balcony next to ours. He sat down on one of the chairs. My husband appeared beside him.
"Come closer," my husband said, "and give our neighbor a better view. Look how hard her nipples are and look at the swelling of her cunt. She thinks she is so holy and pure, but really, she is a slut who loves to masturbate and taste herself."
I did as I was told. The two men discussed by breasts and bald vagina. My husband had me turn around so our neighbor could get a better look at my ass. My husband told him that I was still learning how to suck cock but that I enjoyed the taste of his come so he had great expectations. The neighbor asked if it was only his come that she enjoyed. My husband said we'll find out soon enough, but she needs more practice first. With that, my husband told me to return to our room and he will join me shortly.
"It's time for your punishment me dear," stated my husband when he returned to our room. "Please lay across my knee."
As soon as I was bent across his knee, he sent his fingers into my vagina.
"I knew you would be dripping wet. You argue with me about showing yourself off but as soon as I force you, the slut comes out and your cunt drips with your desires. Your nipples always give you away."
My husband started swatting my butt and my body quickly gave me away, thrusting back to meet his slaps. Again, I wanted him to fuck me. I felt a cool liquid slowly ooze between my butt cheeks. My husband began working the liquid and his fingers into my ass. I had read about sodomy in the bible and could not believe my husband was expecting that of me. There was something special about the liquid and I could feel a warmth emanating from it. My husband's fingers dipped deeper into my ass. My body betrayed me again as I felt pleasure as his fingers penetrated me there and ass began pushing back against his fingers.
I was about to have another orgasm when my husband lifted me off his lap and dropped me on the bed. Pushing my legs apart, he began to lick my vagina again.
"Pin your legs back with your elbows and hold your cunt open for me."
The specificity of instructions still shocked me, but I tried to comply. I knew what he meant by holding myself open and his tongue quickly found my sensitive spot. Such pleasure. How could any of this be wrong? And then his thumb was at the entrance of my ass. It kept sinking deeper and deeper until I thought he was going to push his hand in. I started another orgasm. It occurred to me that almost every orgasm was more powerful than the last. But with his thumb fucking my ass and his tongue licking my cunt, this was different. It seemed like it started in my ass and echoed through my cunt. I was shocked that I was thinking in such nasty words. As my orgasm began to subside, I wanted him to fuck me.
I pulled him up and said, "Fuck me husband, fuck my throbbing cunt."
And that he did, he pulled my legs over his shoulder and began pounding his cock into me. I began to lick my juices off his face but every time he slammed into me; another orgasm overwhelmed me. At some point, I could only lay there moaning. He pulled out and pulled me into a sitting position, with his cock inches from my face. I opened my mouth as he requested the day before, but he ordered me to shut it. He started spraying his come onto my face. The first shot landed right above my eye. More and more come landed on my face and I could feel it dripping down onto my tits.
"Don't move but sit on your hands first." he said. "I want to get some pictures. The guys are going to love these!"
I could hear the sound of the polaroid as he snapped several pictures. The come on my eyes mad it difficult to see. He again ordered me not to move and I heard the hotel room door open. Minutes later, I heard him come back into the room, but he was talking to someone, another man! I recognized his voice as the man next door.
The come in my eyes made it difficult to be sure it was the man from next door. From their conversation, it sounded like they were discussing the pictures my husband took including the ones from yesterday. I wanted to get up and run away out of embarrassment. My husband's come was drying and making my skin itch.
I heard the man say, "May I add mine to yours?"
My husband said, "I would be honored," and then, "Open your mouth wife, I have a surprise for you."
Someone stepped in front of me, I am assuming it was our neighbor and I was certain he was jerking off and then I felt the first shots hitting my face. He then put his penis in my mouth, filling it with his come. It tasted very different than my husband's and I wasn't sure if one was better than the other. My husband was shouting don't move and don't swallow yet. I could hear the whirr of the polaroid while the man's penis was still in my mouth. The camera whirred again after he removed his penis and then my husband said I could swallow.
My husband was telling the neighbor how much I have grown to love the taste of my cunt over the last few days.
The neighbor said, "well now that she has tasted the come of two different men, she should taste another woman, and I have just the girl in mind, you know that black girl, Didi, who works in the boutique.
"Yes," my husband said, "but she looks so young."
"She turned 18 last year and young cunt always taste best. You are doing very well training your wife. When do you think she'll be ready for the club?"
"She has developed a fondness for pain, and you can see she'll be an obedient whore, but I'm still working on stretching her ass. I want all of holes ready when she gets to the club."
As I showered, I wondered what kind of club my husband was talking about and was he expecting people to "use" all my holes. And referring to me as a whore in front of another man was very degrading. I washed both men's come off me and out of my hair with no desire to taste it. The thought that he wanted me to taste another woman kept running through my head. Would a black girl taste different than a white woman like me? Did he expect me to put my face there and lick her vagina? Would he fuck her and expect me to watch and clean their juices off his cock? While considering licking her vagina and kissing her young thighs, my hand had drifted to my own vagina. After teasing my clit and fingering myself, I tried slapping my clit. I came almost instantly, not as powerful as when my husband slapped me there.
My husband had left a note saying he was going to the bar for some drinks. Some polaroids were laying scattered around the desk including the picture of another man's penis in my mouth. Gobs of come from both men covered my face. The look on my face said I liked it, and my nipples were very hard. I do not remember feeling one way or another, just feeling overcome by what was going on.