"Mikey, Mikey wake up!"
I groaned as mom opened up the curtains, the bright sunlight gleaming into my face. I turn to hide under the blankets, but mom won't have it as she pulls my blankets off the bed. I sat up and rubbed my eyes and watched as my mother stood there. Every morning, mom would do this, and part of me thought she enjoyed standing in front of me only wearing a night gown with her arms crossed.
"Mom can we please find another way to wake me up in the morning."
She rolled her eyes.
"Mikey, you know that you're a pain in the morning. Get dressed, and hurry up or you'll be late."
I didn't understand why she thought I was a pain, I didn't like mornings. There were a few reasons, one was that I was so hard when I woke up. That was sort of part of the teenage life, horny 24/7. Another was that I had learned how to tell if I was dreaming or not. This meant I basically dreamt of sex all the time, so much so I even woke up with jizz in my underwear. You'd swear it was real, but sadly real life wasn't like my dreams.
As I got into the shower, my eyes half closed, I remembered the last dream I had. It was off my best friend, Ellie and Mom together. Ellie had come over to plan my birthday party, and Mom kept glancing at Ellie's perky tits. Soon enough they were groping each other, with Ellie's small petite frame a great contrast to Mom's heavy breasts and thick body type. Mom's tanned skin to Ellie's pale skin, and the different attire. Mom preferred skirts and dresses, while Ellie often wore shorts, miniskirts, and sweatpants.
On this occasion, it was a miniskirt, and mom would place her hands underneath it to rub the cute brunette's wet pussy. It was wet through her soaked pink panties, Ellie wasn't girly, but she definitely liked girly things. Mom would take advantage of Ellie's innocence and start fervently finger fucking the poor teen as she whimpered. Every now and then they'd exchange soft wet kisses.
"Mrs Clark, your fingers feel so good inside of me."
Mom would smile then lick her neck, before guiding Ellie to place her hand down mom's jeans.
"Mikey!"
I snapped out of it and realised, in my groggy state, I forgot to close the door. The see through glass of the shower didn't hide anything at all, so here I was. Dick in my hands with my mom mouth wide opened shocked at what she stumbled upon.
"Stop fooling around young man, and clean yourself up. I knew there was a reason you shower for so long"
"Sorry mom," I said as she closed the door.
This was probably the most embarrassing moment I've ever experienced, with mom at least. I quickly soaped and rinsed myself off before running out and getting dressed for school. As I rushed to catch the bus, I rushed past mom who handed me my lunch.
"Thanks mom," I said as I tried to collect it. Mom held it tight.
"Um, your friend... Ellie right?"
As we both held the paper bag, I wondered where she's going with that last statement.
"Yeah, what about her?"
Mom had met Ellie before, nothing too crazy about her asking.
"She... is she by any chance into women?"
We stood staring at each other for a few seconds as I tried to figure out what mom meant by that, it was weird coming of the back of my shower fantasy that she'd even ask that.
"Um mom, I don't really, we don't really talk about that. I mean, I guess I can ask her, but then I don't know if..."
"No, sorry," she said as she let me take the lunch bag
"I don't know why I asked such a personal question."
I noticed now that mom was blushing, her usual calm person replaced by an obvious nervousness I'd never seen before. It was weird, mom didn't ever show any signs of being into things outside the norm. All my life, she'd been the normal housewife, with her hobbies and passions of any other woman.
"So, should I ask her. I mean it would be weird to ask though."
"Never mind Mikey, just go on to school now. Forget I even asked."
I rushed to catch the bus, school was in the City so it wasn't a short trip, which was why mom was so adamant I needed to get there early. Once I got in though I usually sat at the back as other people, mostly middle class citizens, made their way to work.
This was the time I usually did some of the homework I put off the previous night in order to play Fortnite. I had made a habit of doing my work last minute. Luckily Ellie who took the same bus would often help me with it, but I'd usually only meet her halfway through.
As I sat there, in my coat and beanie. With a pen and paper, trying to do calculus equations because the working was where the marks really were. A young lady came to sit across me, she was several years older than me. Clearly someone who worked in an office judging by her heels, pantihose, black skirt and white blouse. The women seemed to be from an exotic country, South America? Middle East?
I was innocently staring at her to figure it out, and she noticed me. Some young wimpy dorky kid just ogling her, she wasn't too impressed, and I took the hint and looked away. While I worked on my math, the thoughts of where she was from descended to where she was going.
It didn't take long before I was wondering what she looked like without that fancy office wear. Her skin was flawless, she had on some makeup and I couldn't help it. Her strikingly babe like body, her long legs, I mean it was so cold this morning, but she was hot. I glanced again, and this time it looked like she'd become more comfortable. Her legs no longer faced away, in fact her entire body was presented to me.
At first she'd crossed her legs and looked away, now he'd for some reason opened her legs just enough for me to peek at her panties underneath that black cotton skirt. I didn't want to be seen as a pervert, so I looked back down. It was hard to concentrate the rest of the bus trip. Once I finished my math my mind wandered once again, and this time I went all out. The thoughts of her grinding into me, her making out with me using her perfectly luscious lips. Hearing her moan as she rode my dick, better yet in front of all this people on the bus.
I had all these thoughts without even shooting a single glance her way, but before I knew it she had moved into the empty seat next to me.
"Hey, what's your name?"
I gulped, as If maybe she heard my thoughts.
"Um, Mikey ma'am."
"Hi, Mikey... call me Zahra."
"Okay," I was wondering why she just introduced herself to me, like she didn't seem to like me not to long ago.
"So can I ask you something weird Mikey?"
I spent a few moments wondering if she was serious, before nodding my head. Maybe she wanted me to like move or something.
"Can you please, um touch my pussy."
She said, and then blushed incredibly hard, almost as if she was not the one who just asked me that.
"Excuse me? I don't think I heard you correctly."
She grabbed my hand and manoeuvred her handbag so that no one else could see where it was. Before I could even pull it away, she shoved it under her skirt and on to her wet, and I mean soaking wet pussy.
"Look, I don't ever do this. It's the moment I looked at you I've been having these really super naughty thoughts about you, they've got me really wet, and I can't even focus on anything other than how much I want to fuck you so please just help a girl out"
I don't know how to even respond to that, but she's not lying about how wet she is. Her panties are drenched and her pussy is sloshing as I push in and out. I don't know if I should pull away, but nothing like this has ever happened to me in my 18 years of life. I relent and do as she asks, slowly pushing in and out of her as she hides her face under her hand.
I can hear her soft moans under her breath as my finger, now fingers, explore the walls of her moist and slippery entrance. I try to remember my porn and deftly nub her clit, as I do this I am hoping no one can see us. Luckily, sitting at the back, no one really pays attention to me and as I do this, I remember that I was thinking of fucking her in front of all these people.
As soon as these thoughts come to mind she grabs my face and kisses me, my eyes are open and I even spot a few people spotting this weird scene. I shove her off me, with my free hand.
"Um, you're really getting into this."
"I'm almost there keep going," she said in a low voice.
I tried to get my hands as deep inside her as I could, stroking the top of her pussy walls with ever increasing pace. I could see her sweat, and her feeble attempts to keep her ecstasy quiet. I could feel her legs shaking, her moans begging to be louder. It didn't long before she rested her head on my shoulder and whimpered into my ear.
All that I could concentrate on was just how beautiful she was, and once again like magic this broke her. Her lung filled with air then let out a loud gasp, one which finally got the attention of everyone but the bus driver. I smiled shyly almost unassumingly.
"My sister having some cramps, um I'm just trying to help her through it," I said trying to explain the situation.
This got a few eyebrows from the people who saw us kissing a few moments back. They clearly don't believe this woman is my sister, luckily for us the bus halted and this was their stop.
I took my hands out from under her skirt, and they were coated in a white liquid. I contemplated licking them off my fingers but there were people locking. Zahra got out of her dazed after climax state and realised what just happened.
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I don't usually do this kind of stuff. It's just I don't know, like these strange feelings overwhelmed me. I've never orgasmed like that in my life."
I smiled, mentally patting myself on the back for the effort I'd made. Zahra took a tissue out of her purse and wiped my fingers.
"Listen, um we should do some other stuff some time. Like I mean, not just with your fingers."
I raised my eyebrow, my eyes widened.
"What's going on today, wait a minute..." I said slapping my forehead.
"What is it?" Zahra asked perplexed
"It's my birthday."
"Well, I'll make sure to give you an amazing present Mikey," Zahra said, smiling seductively.
I smiled back, but a few questions came to mind. Did my birthday having anything to do with these strange occurrences. It felt like an amazingly lucky coincidence, like mom asking about my friend Ellie.
"This is my stop, bye Mikey" she got up and blew me a kiss as she strutted out of the bus, a small wet spot was visible on the back of her skirt. A clear sign of what had just transpired with my fingers and her soft, moist pussy. I couldn't help but absorb the musky scent still on my hand, while the bus kept moving
When I got to school, I was swarmed by a few of my classmates, close friends of mine. They grabbed me and wished me a happy birthday before holding me down and pouring water all over my head. Normally, this would have been a bit of a annoyance but this was welcome giving how hot my head was this morning. Even during class, I could only replay the events of the bus.
I'd often get caught in a daze and the teachers would call my name and ask what they said. I didn't have a clue and that got a few laughs from the class. Once class ended and recess began, I started packing to go eat and perhaps try to masturbate in the bathroom because I wasn't able to concentrate.
Ellie would come out of nowhere.
"I heard you're being a dweeb in class again."
Ellie sat on my desk, her pencil skirt caught my attention. It was not regulation since it was well above her knees.
"Hi Ellie, I need to a minute."
"Oh come on we all know you saw something super sexy and you want rub one out."
Ellie said with a laugh before glancing back my way
"Wait, no way what happened" she inquisitioned, "Did you catch some of the naughty neighbours going at it."
I didn't know how to explain this to her.
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you."
"Try me" She said, her single raised eyebrow made me think she was skeptical
"Okay, lets leave the classroom though." Ellie shrugged and led me to the library, a quiet and normally desolate place during recess.
"Okay bro start talking before I just call you a perve."
My head starts feeling a bit dizzy, so I sit down on the carpet. I look up at Ellie who remained standing, from this angle I can see well up Ellie's thigh.
"I'm waiting perv," she retorts with her arms crossed.
"Okay listen, this morning mom asked if you liked girls."
"Oh my gosh you sicko, your own mom."
"No wait, listen, it's not like that. I was, well you know, day dreaming and I happened to imagine you and mom together."
Ellie frowned, already unsure if she should let me continue.
"Okay so after that happened she asked if you're into girls"
Ellie got on her knees in front of me, looked me straight in the eye.
"Please tell me you told her I'm straight."
"Of course I did."
"So is that it, your mom is curious and you get all worked up."
"There's more, by the way you didn't come on the bus this morning, why?"
"If you must know dweeb I had to get here early for cheer practice"
"Cheer practice, you hate them."
"Well yeah but the uniforms are cute, plus I get free food at games"
"Uh anyway, this lady was on the bus today. Her name is Zahra and she like out of nowhere asked me to finger her."
"Did you." Ellie rolled her eyes, seemingly disapproving
"Well yeah, she was a smoking hot babe."
"Oh my gosh, what if she's like ill or sick with an disease. That's so gross, like is that what has you so worked up today."
"I don't know, it feels like whenever I have sexual thoughts about someone they start acting weird."
Ellie laughed and fell over, lying down on the floor
"I'm serious Ellie."
"I'm sure you are, what a joke. You really expect me to believe all this, like the world revolves around you."
"You gotta believe me!"
"Okay Mr Casanova, try me."
"Try you what?" I say as we look at each eye to eye.
"Try to think something sexual about me and see if it works."
I don't know if she's serious or not, but it didn't hurt to try. It's not like I don't think of Ellie sexually. The issue though was what sexy thought of Ellie could I conjure. I suppose since she was making fun of me, I'd make her touch herself, so I imagined her legs open. In her school uniform, licking her fingers before furiously rubbing her hard clit.
I closed my eyes and focused on that, trying to make it as vivid as possible. The expression on her face, the sticky substance leaking out of her. Once I was done I opened my eyes and Ellie was still lying down looking at me.
"Did it work?"
Ellie kept quiet, and at first I thought maybe she'd been ignoring me but her face was flushed and her hands were on her inner thighs.
"You look pretty horny right now," I said smiling
"Um, what, wait no that doesn't count," Ellie said, as if not even realising what she's doing.
"You were like almost."
"No, I mean, there was a draft."
"Are you sure?" I asked with a wry smile
"Fuck off Mikey," she said as she got up and tried to leave
I stood up to try to stop her, but she broke away from my grip.
I didn't want to end this conversation like this, especially when I had Ellie on the ropes. I decided to go deeper, instead of just playing with herself, Ellie would worship me. I closed my eyes and imagined her sucking my cock. Deep in her mouth and begging me to fuck her face. I imagined her saliva coating my cock and the sounds of her gagging.
Once I looked, I saw Ellie standing still, staring at me. Her face was beet red and her breathing was heavily erratic, I wanted to ask what's wrong, but before I could, she jumped on top of me and we feel down then attacked my mouth with hers. The scent of her lips, her perfume, her shampoo and the taste of her mouth enveloped all my senses.
I kissed her back, I'd never kissed a girl unless you count the peck I had Stacy Mathews at freshman dance. Ellie seemed so animal like, almost possessed, for one she was pinning me down with superhuman strength. For another, her body was grinding into mine aggressively. One would think we were wrestling, instead she'd simply just been sexually harassing my body.
I couldn't help but match her energy, give her what she was giving me. I grabbed her ass and squeezed it hard, even spanking it over the cotton panties. My hard cock through all this fidgeting was perfectly lined along her slit and she kept grinding on it like a raging bull.
I was backed up from all the horny thoughts, it didn't take long for me to get close to cumming.
"Ellie I'm gonna."
Ellie got off me, and quickly pulled my cock out of my pants. I'd already dripped some cum from all the grinding. Ellie wasn't detered by the precum, she started stroking my cock and licking the tip almost as if she need my cum to live. I couldn't hold back and fired squirts into her open mouth. A few hit her hair and before I knew it I was passed out.
I woke up to a teacher, Mrs Robinson kicking my feet.
"Young man I not only don't appreciate you loitering but what I can't have is vagrancy in this school."
Mrs Robinson was a rather sexy MILF, if she wasn't such a bitch all the time I'd like her. Unlike the other female teachers, she had a lovely looking face at her age. Little to show her age, but she also had a fat ass and big breasts. I looked around for Ellie but she was long gone, however some stains on the carpet near me suggested I didn't dream what just happened.
"Mr Clark, get up and follow me to the principle's office."
I wasn't in any mood to do as she asked, part of me would prefer it if she took her clothes off instead and shook her big ass and tits for me.
"Mr....um, Mr Clark there's something I want to show you."
"Yes...the principle, I'm going, I'm going," I said as I groaned to get up, my body was aching.
"No Mr Clark, can we please keep this between us? It's a bit embarrassing."
"Embarrassing, well yes Mrs Robinson, I know I shouldn't fall asleep between classes."
I didn't understand why she was suddenly so understanding to my situation. I finally understood what was going as without so much as a warning she took of her white blouse exposing the blonde teachers large breast held together only by her pushup bra.
"Um wait, what are you doing Mrs Robinson?"
"I just have this urge to let you see my body, I think of myself as quite the Milf Michael"
Did she just use my first name?
"So please just enjoy my body okay" Mrs Robinson said this with a very alluring smile, I was gobsmacked. It was real, these powers or whatever were real. Women seem to just do any sexual things I ask them to do, at least in my head if I imagine it.
My imagination however could never beat the strip tease Mrs Robinson was performing. She dropped her slacks and showed me her large white ass. Without any hesitation she spanked it, hard enough to leave a reddish mark.
"You like this Mr Clark?"
I nodded my head and she kept going, showing me more of her thick body. My dick was rock hard once again and I didn't know what else to do. Do I imagine her blowing me, she was almost in a trans like state. Unlike Ellie who was possessed, Mrs Robinson was simply shaking her body seductively in front of me.
"Would you prefer me completely naked?"
Just as I was about to answer, the bell rang and this was the school end bell. The library was about to fill up with the nerds who actually like this place.
"Get dressed," I told her and she did it.
"This never happened, understood" I said and she nodded and left as students flocked in.
I got out of school and said goodbye to my friends before riding the bus back home, but I noticed a few weird things. Things that didn't make any sense really, things that couldn't be explained with normal reasoning. Something was happening and it centred around me.