I have had a lovely guy called LegMann edit this story for me.
*
My husband (Roger) and I are not swingers, but we are exhibitionists. He loves to show me off to other men, especially at the beach. We live in Europe, so he insists on me going topless and wearing only a tiny thong to sunbathe in. My husband likes to see the effect I have on other men.
This is a true story that took place on the beautiful Greek island of Skiathos. I am a little nervous writing this, as my husband does not know the whole story, and he is an avid reader on this site. I have changed the names to keep our anonymity.
We were staying at a gorgeous hotel in the middle of Skiathos Town. The rooms were lovely, and we were lucky enough to have one with a very nice balcony that overlooked the pool. This proved a very interesting place to have fun and watch others, but that is a story for another day. The pool was great, but there were a few older couples availing themselves of it, so I didn't feel comfortable sunbathing topless in my thong, even though others were doing it.
So my husband rented a scooter for us to be able to explore the island and visit some of the 64 beaches available to us. One beach he was keen to see was that famous one right at the end of the runway. When planes were taking off or landing, they flew straight over your head. It was more of a novelty factor, but he wanted to see it, so we packed our things for the day, and set off to find the beach.
Roger wanted me to wear 'The Dress.' This is his favourite vacation dress. It's white, skin tight, strappy and very, very short. It barely covers my ass. But he loves me to wear it, as it makes him so horny seeing all the men checking me out. The problem is, it's so skin tight, it's practically see-through. I can't wear anything underneath it, as such items would be starkly highlighted by the dress' diaphanous nature. Even though it was the first day I already had a nice tan from sunbathing in our garden, so I thought, why not?
I slipped on 'The Dress', and paired it with a white pair of wedge heels. These always make my legs look twice as long, which also drives Roger crazy. He likes to walk behind me and take pictures and videos. He says the combination of 'The Dress' and the heels make me look like a model walking down the catwalk. He says my ass looks like two volleyballs in a bag swinging from side to side. I don't complain as he can't keep his hands off of me.
It was only when I climbed onto the back of the bike that I realised 'The Dress' was not such a good idea. It was way too short to wear on a bike. So short, that it rode up exposing my bare ass to a group of guys walking past as I mounted the bike. They seemed to enjoy the view, as I got lots of wolf whistles and whoops. Roger loved the fact that I had just flashed a group of horny young men, but I was a little embarrassed.
Even though I pulled it down, it kept riding up as we heading along the road. It's not easy to hang on and keep pulling my dress down, so I gave up in the end for safety's sake, much to the delight of any car that came up behind us! I have never had so many cars toot at me. Tomorrow will have to be hot pants.
The road to the beach takes you alongside the runway up to the north-east corner of the Island. There is not a great deal to see, but just off to our left we noticed a few mopeds parked up at the side of the cliff in some trees, as if their owners had tried to hide them. Being nosey and inquisitive, we decided to go and investigate.
To do this, we had to negotiate a bumpy dirt track that unbeknown to us, leads you straight off the edge of the cliffs. Luckily we realised in time and managed to stop and park next to the other bikes.
Down at the bottom of the cliffs stood a beautiful, long beach. It looked idyllic, without a single person on it. This seemed a little strange as the bikes obviously belonged to someone, but where ever they were, they were not on the beach that we were looking at. Curiously we walked to our left, along the cliffs and past a small headland, and there below were the bright coloured towels of the bike owners.
The first mystery was over, but then we were baffled as to why they were all at one end, and not enjoying the beauty of the whole beach. That was until we noticed that every one of them was naked. We had stumbled across an unofficial nudist beach. We knew there were nude beaches on the island, as we had discussed visiting one for the first time, but this was definitely not one of the official beaches we had read about.
There weren't that many people on the beach, just two couples and three single guys, all laying out completely naked for all to see. I remember the look on my husband's face when we both realised they were naked. I had seen that look before. It was the look of mischievous intent and a question. It normally meant that he wanted sex, and was looking for my approval. Normally because it was in a place that we really shouldn't be having sex.
The look always caught me by surprise, but also filled me with excitement. Because I knew it would lead to us doing something exciting and naughty. But this wasn't about sex, this look was about us going to the beach, and me being naked in front of strangers. I know this idea was a massive turn on for Roger, and I wanted to fulfil it for him, but the reason we had never been to a nudist beach was that I didn't like the idea of laying next to lots of naked, fat old men, and every other nude beach we had been to only seemed to have dirty old men on it. This beach was different though, as the people below didn't look fat or old. In fact they all looked young and fit.
Roger gave me that look again, then asked, "So what do you think?" "I'm not sure," I replied, "Maybe another time? I will need to be drunk if we go down there, especially if you want me to get naked."
Roger was disappointed, but understanding. He knows that if I do something under duress, I won't enjoy it. So we set off for our original beach.
It wasn't that far to drive before we were there. The beach was very nice. It was a lot more crowded than we had hoped, which was not a problem, but it was also a pebble beach, which really isn't our thing. One saving grace was that it did have a cute little taverna on the edge of the beach, so we decided to stay and have a bite to eat. The food was good, and it was fun to see the planes coming in to land right over our heads. Roger couldn't drink as he was driving, but I was in the holiday spirit and decided to have a carafe of wine with our lunch.
There is something about Greek wine that always seems to get me tipsy. It's also so easy to drink in the baking hot Greek sunshine. The first carafe was finished in no time, so when Roger suggested I have another, I knew exactly what his plan was.
Somewhat teasingly I asked, "Are you trying to get me drunk so I get naked in front of strangers for you?"
Roger replied, "You know I would love you to do that, but only if you are totally happy with it. It did look like a nice beach."
I said, "Well, we don't want to lay out here do we." Well aware of his exhibitionist tendencies, especially towards me, I then added, "Do you really want to go back to the other beach? What is it about seeing me naked that turns you on so much? I am naked all the time at home."
He said, "I don't know what it is. But you look so hot, I just want to show you off. Your body is just so sexy, I know the guys down there won't be able to take their eyes off you."
Almost dismissively, I replied, "Roger, I am 40 years old. They are not going to be interested in me!"
Roger then said, "Trust me, my love: there is not a man on this earth that could resist that body of yours."
"Don't be silly."
Then to demonstrate his steadfast belief in what he was about to say, Roger leaned towards me, capturing my eyes with his, and replied, "I'm not joking. Your beautiful olive skin drives men crazy. Those legs are to die for. Your tits are perky and firm, and your ass is the best I have ever seen. I have always told you, you should have been a glamour model. You still could."
That was all the encouragement I needed. I love the fact that my husband adores me so much. I love that he loves my body the way he does. If this is going to make him happy, then who am I to deny him. Besides, I was feeling in a naughty mood. It might be fun to get naked in front of strangers.
We finished our drinks, paid the bill. I have never seen Roger so eager to part with his money. We jumped back on our bike and headed back to the nude beach.
It's not the easiest beach to get to. There is little more than a tiny goat track to take you down to the left hand side of the beach. Once down there, we walked along to the right hand side where everyone else was sitting.
We found a spot just off to one side. There were two handsome guys just under the cliffs to our right, and the other two couples and the other guy, who was actually quite a lot older than I thought he was from above, to our left.
It was interesting seeing everyone laying there naked. The two guys nearest us were both about 25. Both had beautiful tanned and toned bodies. They had obviously spent a lot of time in the gym.
On the other side of us, one of the couples were young, maybe 25-30, and the other a little older than us, 45-50. Both couples were attractive, but the girl in the younger couple was stunning. I could see Roger checking her out, and I couldn't blame him. She looked like a younger version of me. The same long, black hair, tanned olive skin, and a slim sexy, body. She had bigger boobs than me. Mine are 34C, but hers were at least a 'D' cup, if not bigger. I know Roger is going to do everything he can to be able to keep looking at those amazing tits. But that was ok, because her boyfriend was pretty gorgeous, too. We have never swapped partners before, but if we ever did, this would be the sort of couple that we would swap with.
The second couple looked German or Swedish. They were both blonde, bit good looking, and they both gave us a warm and friendly smile, which was lovely. She had a beautiful body. Slim and tall with golden skin. She was not Rogers type, but I'm sure he will still get a good look at her ass when she walks down the beach. He can't resist a cute, little butt.
Looking round the beach again, I found myself checking out the guys again. I was going to get naked in front of them, and it excited me. In my single days I would have slept with every one of them. Even the older guy was very handsome. He was big, rugged and had a face like an older movie star.
What surprised me was how interested I was to see their cocks. I had been with a lot of men before I met Roger, and I have enjoyed quite a few beautiful cocks. Some big, some small, but I enjoyed all of them. Here on the beach was a delightful selection.
I was drawn to the two young studs behind us, as their cocks could not have been any more different if they tried. One was smaller than average size and thin, but the other was massive. It was long and thick and powerful looking. It was bigger than any I had ever encountered. This boy could be a porn star. He must have seen me staring, as he slid his hand down the entire length and back again. He knew he had a monster and he was proud of it. I am not going to lie, the sight of him touching it sent a tingle straight to my pussy. My immediate thought was,If it's that big now, how big will it be when he gets hard?
Roger had set up our towels, so it was time to get undressed. It was time to remove 'The Dress.' First, I took off my wedges. I deliberately turned my back to the two guys, as I knew they would get a good up-skirt view when I bent over to untie my shoes. Then I turned to face them, and pulled each strap slowly off each shoulder, then pulled it down over my boobs, giving them a good look at my tits. Then I turned and with my back to them, slid my dress over my hips, past my ass, and let it drop to the ground, keeping my legs together and straight the whole time. Roger loves it when I do this. He thinks I have the most erotic body ever.
Following the great unveiling, about an hour passed uneventfully, and it was beginning to feel quite normal now to be naked amongst all these strangers. I had been lying on my back, but I wanted to get another look at the guy with the massive cock, so I thought I'd turn over and lay on my front.
In your average public setting you think everyone is doing their own thing, and not interested in anyone else. But when I turned over I realised that everyone's eyes were on me. I knew Roger would love this, so I asked him to rub some lotion on my back for me. Little did I know, but this was to be the turning point of the day that started this whole sexy adventure.
Roger loves to massage me, and never misses the chance to if he can. Normally if we are in private, this often leads to sex, so I love receiving them, too. But as we were on a beach in front of 7 complete strangers I figured this would be just about the sun lotion. So, when he started to massage my back with the lotion, sensually rubbing it in, I began to get turned on. I was staring straight ahead at the guys in front of me (trying not to be too obvious), and they seemed to be enjoying what Roger was doing, too.
He always starts with my back and shoulders. Then works his way down to my legs, paying particular attention to my ass. It was pretty obvious after a few minutes that Roger was enjoying this quite a lot, because I felt his cock rub against my leg. Roger has the perfect cock. It is about 7-8" and the perfect thickness. It's by far the most beautiful cock I have ever had, and I am so glad it's mine to use when ever I want.
I turned my head to look and he was rock hard. This was really turning him on. The sight of his beautiful hard cock turns me on, too. I looked into his eyes, then down at his cock again, and then back at his eyes. He had that look of lust that I have seen a thousand times. I knew he was desperate to fuck me. I was going to have to take him in the sea and let him fuck me there. But for now I was enjoying his hands on my skin.
There was something very liberating about receiving a sexy massage whilst naked in the sun in front of 7 equally naked strangers. Roger decided not to let up with the massage. Instead it became even more sensual, his hands stroking the sides of my boobs and inside my thighs.
I tried to stay cool, but my body betrayed me. I began to move with his touch, allowing him greater access. Lifting myself up a little so he could cup and massage my boobs, and when he went back down to my thighs, I opened them as wide as I could to give him better access to my pussy if he wanted it.
He knows my body so well. He knew how turned on I was, and it wasn't long before his fingers were caressing my pussy. I didn't know what to do. It felt amazing, but I was very much aware that almost everyone on the beach was watching us, so I dared not lift my head.
Roger leant forward and whispered in my ear, "Look up, babe. Look at the effect you are having on these guys." I was confused, I didn't know what he meant. Gingerly I lifted my head and looked around the beach. The two young studs were both on their knees now staring straight at us, both stroking their cocks. The older guy had moved his towel closer and was lying on his side caressing his cock, too. The young couple were lying in the spoon position and he was caressing her beautiful big tits. The German couple were also watching. Mr Big Cock looked even bigger now. It had grown and was the size of 2 beer cans on top of each other.
Roger started to finger fuck me, which is dangerous as I can not keep quiet. I am a really loud moaner. I have no control over it. He had two fingers inside my pussy, and his thumb caressing the entrance to my ass. The other hand was working my pussy. There was no doubt now what everyone was witnessing as Rogers hands were clearly working their magic on my ass and pussy, and predictably my screams and moans were so loud. One last look at the young stud stroking that massive cock, and I couldn't take it any more. I came so hard, squirting all over Rogers fingers.
My pussy was throbbing with the after climax, but now I had another problem, and Roger knew this, too. When I cum like that, my pussy craves cock. I have to get fucked. I have to have a good hard fucking right there and then.
Roger straddled my legs and laid down against my back kissing my neck, his cock rock hard between the cheeks of my ass. I was squirming underneath him, trying to work his cock from my ass into my pussy. I was hungry for him, my pussy aching.
He said, "Are you sure, babe?"
I said, "Please, honey, I need it. Don't make me beg."
"But what about the others watching?"
"I don't care. Please fuck me. They've watched everything else. You know you want them to watch me getting fucked. I know you do!"
I knew that would be too much for him to resist. He got back up so he was straddling my legs, his cock still between my ass cheeks. He pulled my ass up a little so he could get the right angle, and slowly slid his hard cock into me. It felt amazing! My pussy jumped for joy at the feeling of his beautiful cock filling me up completely.
Slowly he began to fuck me. One hand on each of my ass cheeks, pulling them apart so he could see his cock sliding in and out. He says there is no hornier sight than my exposed ass hole and my pussy lips stretching around his shaft.
I was so engrossed with my husband fucking me that I forgot where we were for a few minutes. I was talking dirty to him, the way he likes it. Telling him to fuck me hard. Telling him how I loved his big cock inside me. How I wanted him to cum all over my ass.
Then I remembered our audience. I looked up to see what their reaction was to us fucking each other in front of them in broad daylight. The two studs and the old guy were frantically working their cocks. They were all stood just in front of us. I couldn't see all of them as I was at the wrong angle. Roger must have sensed this and pulled me up so I was on all fours. I was now face to face with 3 lovely cocks, all being pumped.
Off to the side I could see our antics were having a positive effect on the other two couples, too. The hot young couple were fucking in the spoon position so they could watch, and the German couple were in the same position, but she was behind him stroking his cock, and his hand reaching behind to touch her.
I have never been in a situation like it before, but it was amazing. I felt so horny and so dirty. It was like being the star of a porn movie. I was focused on the cocks in front of me, moaning and screaming loudly. I couldn't help myself from talking dirty, telling Roger to fuck me hard, and to give them a good show. Then I told him I wanted him to cover my ass in cum. This was all too much for Roger, he couldn't hang on any longer. He pulled out and shot his load all over my ass and back.
That was all that was needed for the other guys, and they all came, too. The hot stud with the big cock must have shot his load about 3 meters, just missing me. The other guys shot their loads, too. The German couple had changed positions and started fucking. She was now on all fours facing us, and he was giving her a good fucking from behind. The young couple looked as if they had both cum.
Roger helped me up and we walked down to the sea to wash ourselves down. When we got there he was smiling like the cat that got the cream.
I said, "You loved that didn't you?"
He said, "It's by far the most erotic experience of my life."
I said, "But what do we do now? Isn't it a bit embarrassing staying after doing that?"
He said, "Don't worry. They all seemed to enjoy it. Why don't I go and get us some more wine, and maybe you'll be up for some seconds later?"
I said, "If you get me any more drunk, I can't be held responsible for what I do!"
He said, "That's what I was hoping you'd say!"
So that was my first ever beach fuck. But what happened next was even more amazing...