Jake had a great girlfriend of 4 years. Her name was Beth. She was a 5"5 knockout. She had shoulder length beautiful brown hair, big full lips, a great set of perky C tits and a great full round ass that jake couldn't take his hands off. What more could jake ask for right?
Wrong, jake had a secret. He was a sex addict. Jake had gone to a special group program where he would share his thoughts and discuss his triggers and try to help him overcome the disease. Jake watched porn but not excessively and not enough to disrupt his normal life. He however had found he had an exhibitionist side a very young age. This, he found drove his sex addiction. At 25 years old he had this overwhelming urge to go to massage parlors and expose himself.
It was a typically Tuesday at work for jake. He had a very laid back office administration job. He knew Beth had work today at 9 A.M. and would not be able to meet him on his lunch at 1. In the morning he went about his day and worked on finishing his mundane tasks. While he was supposed to be putting back files he decided to browse Me In My Place and see if any new women were posted.
Jake loved looking at the different women posing in every which way wearing barely anything. Yet he found what really turned him on was how they took off their clothes frame by frame. It was like they were stripping just for him. Those lovely panty covered asses just begging to be touched and grabbed. He felt a stirring in his jeans and couldn't help get one stroke in. He felt his mind racing, and then felt those familiar stirrings in his psyche. He tried to fight the urge for the love of his life Beth, but he couldn't help fantasize about a stranger seeing him sprawled out naked on a table open for their caresses.
When his lunch time was getting near he couldn't help fight his urge, he just had to go in. He had an hour for lunch and knew a place 5 minutes away that would give him a special, hands on approach. He raced over and parked in the back. He felt the adrenalin of walking into the back door of the massage parlor. His mind was full with the thrill and mystery about what was going to happen.
The gentleman at the register smiled when he saw Jake because he has seen him here many a time and knows what he's coming in for. He led him into the far room on the left dimmed the light and shut the door when he left behind him. Jake slowly started taking off his clothes. First his shoes and socks, and then started unbuttoning his shirt slowly. He felt the warm temperature in the room on his bare rippled chest. He used his hand to caress his nipples feeling the excitement it gave him as he made his way down past his abs to his pants.
Feeling the excitement already as he stood naked he lightly caressed his cock. He felt his 8 inch friend come to life as he ran his hand down the length. He slowly laid on his stomach and put his head through the hole in the massage table. He used his hand to position his cock toward his legs. Forgetting about the towel all together to cover himself he tried to calm his nerves. He then heard a knock at the door and said to come in.
He looked up and found himself greeted by a Chinese woman probably around late thirties. She had a nice looking face and was wearing a dark colored top and black Capri pants. Jake noted she had a medium sized breasts that were subtly on display. However it wasn't the woman that turned him on, it was his naked self on display for the woman to touch and caress his most private areas.
She giggled a little bit and put her hand lightly on his bare ass and asked if he wanted soft, medium, or hard pressure. His cock already started stirring and as he asked for medium pressure. He heard her squirt some oil into her hands and position herself in front of his head. He felt her hands start on the top of his back and spread the oil down his back and over his ass slightly cupping it. She did this 5 times. Jake couldn't help but to meet her hand by lifting his hips to her hands and she cupped his ass and let out a little moan.
She then worked his back slowly for a couple minutes. All the while jake wishing her to move back to his ass. He loved his ass being played with either by being cupped or an occasional finger always took him over the edge. After his back she got more oil and started at his ankles slowly working her way up his thighs. Slowly rubbing and teasing the inside of his thighs. He moaned lightly as she slid a finger over his sack. He spread his legs wide and let her continue to tease. He felt her slide her finger over his exposed asshole and moaned and pushed back against her fingers.
Jakes hard 8" cock not fully hard ached to be touched. He was breathing hard and wanted more. He loved being so submissive and getting teased. He then asked her if he could get on all fours and she smiles and nodded. He spread his knees out and arched his back while resting on his forearms feeling so exposed.
He heard her get more oil and drizzle it down his ass. He then felt her trace his crack to his asshole and traced the outside and then played with his perineum. Trying to moan as quietly as possible he almost came right there when he felt her oily hand grip his aching cock. He could feel her hand moving up and down his length. He felt his orgasm approaching. Just then he felt her finger barely enter his tight ass and her other hand seemed to go into hyper drive and jerk his cock as quickly as she could . He couldn't hold on any longer. He moaned and let out a big jet of cum
All over the massage table. His orgasm seemed to wash over for a full minute before he finished.
He felt her pat him on his ass and mumble something about towels and exit the room. She returned and cleaned him up with a warm wet towel. He said his thank you as he paid her and felt himself float to his car and back to work.
Thinking back at work he could forget that rush he felt when disrobing. He felt a twang of guilt for Beth not knowing his darkest secret. Jake felt the curiosity of what would happen in the future if his exhibitionist side reared it head again and the need to expose himself overcame him.