"Asshole", Kim said quietly under her breath as she left Marshal's office and walked back to her desk.
"thank you kim", said Marshal in a disinterested monotone voice after she was two steps out the door.
"Inconsiderate dick!" she said, slightly louder than before but still safely out of earshot of anyone. She whipped the heavy folder down on her desk with a dramatic SLAP sound. Mathew glanced over at her from his cubical; softly chewing a pencil in his mouth; then went back to concentrating on his laptop.
Kim walked toward the break room and then went into the hallway and into the women's restroom. She was relieved that find she was the only person in the bathroom. Standing in front of the mirror, she curled up her fists in frustration and squished her face as she vigorously shook her arms back and forth in the air. Then let out a big sigh, and just looked at herself in the mirror. She thought to herself how ugly her face looked when she did that, and made a mental note to never do it again.
Just then someone walked through the door. Kim glanced over her should and was glad to see it was Suz.
"Hey Kimmy. I saw you walking like you were pissed at something and came to check if you're alright" Suz said.
Kim let out another big sigh. "Marshal decided to take yet another weeks-long vacation and he wants me to consolidate and verify the Peterson's payroll before he leaves."
Suz's rolled her eyes. Ugh, she thought. "How long does that take usually?"
"Normally a full day just for the consolidation, and that's if there are no issues. And if there are issues, I have to call their business coordinator and get it worked out. Sorry Suz I have to work late tonight to get a head start on it. He wants it done before end of day tomorrow. He is meeting with them the following morning and then off to who-knows-where after the meeting." They both stood in front of the mirror, calmly priming and adjusting their hair.
"...wow what a dick!" Suz said. Kim slowly nodded her head in agreement.
Kim much preferred to be called by her full name, Kimberly. She always said as much when asked how she would like to be addressed. Actually, the same was true with Suz – her real name being Susan. Only Suz and one uncle ever called her Kimmy, and she was fine with that. Everyone else called her Kim.
"Ireallydid not want to work today. I woke up this morning and could feel that. This whole month has been a steady 100% pace. I just need a day to relax and blow off steam, you know? I was really looking forward to drinks tonight with the girls." said Kim. And she really meant it; she was looking forward to this night. It's difficult for the girls to get together what with their boyfriends and all. Marshal is a dick for ruining this night.
Suz slowly nodded her head in agreement. "Well, we'll do something this weekend then."
Kim knew the girls would be busy during the weekend, so it would be just Suz and Kim. The Wonder Twins, out on the prowl for free drinks from random men! Maybe they'd visit a dance club or something. Kim didn't care about the dancing so much as she liked any excuse to wear a tiny black dress and be noticed.
The problem was, it was only Tuesday. The weekend felt like forever into the future. There was a lot of work in front of her still. BUT, on the positive side, Marshal would be gone for two weeks and she didn't have any other important work during that time. So that two week stretch would be like a vacation for her too.
"I gotta take a shit" said Suz as she walked to a stall. Kim slowly blinked her eyes, as if embarrassed by what Suz just said. Suz was her best friend, and even though she could be crude like that sometimes, she only talked that way around Kim. Kim was trying to think of something to say to move the conversation back into the safe world of the mundane.
"So what did you and Mike do last night?" asked Kim, satisfied that was a mundane question.
"Ha! He wanted to jab it in my ass again last night. He's getting pretty desperate for anal. I don't know what his problem is. No matter how many times I tell him no, he won't take the hint. I don't know...I like his persistence. Maybe I'll reward him, or..." Suz trailed off in thought.
"At least he has a small dick so it shouldn't hurt" said Kim.
"Doesn't matter. It'll hurt no matter what. I don't like pain. Most of all I don't want to walk into work one day squeezing my ass cheeks together; Celeste would never let me live that down."
Suz has said over and over that Mike has a small dick, yet she also said over and over she has a lot of orgasms with Mike. He was obviously doing something right. One final big sigh and Kim decided it was time to head back to her desk and get all this stupid shit over with. "I'm heading back, thanks for rescuing me."
"Ya ya" mumbled Suz from the stall.
Several hours later, Kim leaned back in her chair, stretched out her arms and let out a yawn. She glanced at her watch; 8:51pm. She looked around the office. No one was there this time of night of course. Her eyes were bleary from staring at Excel documents all night. She quickly took an estimate of how far she had gotten – maybe three-quarters of the way through the consolidation. That was pretty good. She could have it all finished before lunch tomorrow, if she can maintain this kind of focus.Great, this is a good breaking pointshe thought.
She was hungry for comfort food, i.e. warm junk food. Chinese sounds good. She'll order take-out and have it delivered to her apartment. She secured all her documents and laptop into her desk and locked it. She walked to the break room to get a can of diet soda and place the order.
Just as she hung up the phone, the break room light suddenly snapped off. It startled her. She looked around...no one is ever here this late. The cleaning crew doesn't even work this late. She realized the light switch is on a timer; it must be set to turn off at 9pm. A quiet sigh of relief came over her.
She looked out the window for a minute...just staring. All the lights of downtown are quite beautiful at night, she thought -- the few street lights she could see anyways. It would be nice if the break room overlooked the Connecticut River. It was mid-September, still warm for this time of year but the weather was quickly changing over to fall.
To say Kim was tired and sleepy would be an understatement. Her mind flipped back and forth from thought to thought as she stifled another big yawn.Do I need to go shopping for food? No I went a few days ago. I'll just order take out. How many years can I rely on my car before I have to buy a new one? Can I even afford a new car yet? I really need to track my finances better. Oh shit, I need to buy something for Angie's birthday party. It's not for a few weeks at least, I have time. I would love to have a little vegetable garden. I really should look into those community gardens, to make new friends and they can show me what to do. Maybe I should take a cooking class. Celeste mentioned a lot of single men take those classes, to hook up with women. Wait...Celeste met Rob in a cooking class. Heh, duhh why didn't I realize that before! No wonder she knows all about hooking up.
While Kim was lost in her thoughts, her eyes were slowly moving from window to window of the building across the street. Some lights were on, most were off. She noticed none of it. A light suddenly snapped on in a room across the street, barely catching her attention, a few floors down from her. Quite a long room with two open doors on each end, filled with copy machines and stationary equipment. Flotsam continued to flitter through Kim's mind as she stared absently at the copy room across the street.
Then, quite unexpectedly, Kim noticed a man's legs standing in the doorway to the copy room across the street. The unexpected part was that the man wasn't wearing any shoes or socks, and had bare legs. That was enough to pull Kim from her foggy daze and pay attention. The man just stood there for a sec, as if deciding what to do. Kim could only see up to his knees.That's odd. They have a liberal clothing policy if an employee can walk around barefoot.The man slowly walked forward a bit, then turned toward the copy machines. Kim could see about half up the man's thighs now, still bare. Most male clothing would have been long enough to be seen by now. Kim paid a little more attention, thinking maybe he's in underwear or something. She giggled to herself a little in her mind. She wished Suz was here to see this, Suz would have...
All the sudden the man walked towards the window into full view. He was nude. Completely nude! The instant Kim saw his dick, her breath caught for a second. Her pulse quickened suddenly. Her eyes were practically bulging out of her head. Needless to say, her mind was paying full paying attention now. Whatever random thoughts she just had, evaporated out of her brain instantly. She was focused like a laser at the naked man in the window. "Holy Shit!" she whispered softly.
He cupped his hands around his eyes against the window and peered outwards, scanning Kim's building, searching to see if anyone noticed him. Their two respective office buildings were among the tall buildings in Hartford Connecticut, in the State House Square part of downtown along Market Street. Kim reflexively moved backwards a little bit, not wanting the man to notice her despite the fact Kim was at least three floors higher. The lights were out in her room; he would never have noticed her anyways even if he was looking directly in her window because of the darkness.
Kim's eyes never moved away from his dick the moment it came into view. Despite the fact they were easily 100 feet apart, she could see him clearly. All of him. Decent build, above-average height for a guy. His dick was nothing to write home about. It looked very average. Maybe it would be more impressive if it were erect. Her past boyfriends had smallish dicks when they were soft, but served their purpose when erect. It's been a while since Kim last saw a real dick.
Despite being quite attractive in a very average way, Kim didn't have a lot of boyfriends growing up. Instead, she had always been lucky with the few she dated, lucky in the sense that the relationship lasted a long time. Well, a long time as compared to her friends, and their relationships. Her friends had a new boyfriend every other month it seemed. Kim's boyfriends lasted about two years on average. Her college friends were constantly saying how lucky she was. (Kim would just shrug and think to herselfI pick guys that have maturity. That is why we last so long.) But she had never been single for this long of a stretch since turning 16. Lots of men starred at her all the time – on the street or in passing at a store -- but few worked up the nerve to ask her out. Since graduating from college last year, she had only been on a couple first dates. One of those first dates turned into a second and third date, mostly because the sex was terrific. But he travelled a lot and eventually stopped calling. That was about three months ago – the last time she saw a man's cock.
The naked man suddenly bolted from the window towards one of the copy machines. A few seconds later a cleaning lady was slowly pushing a cart down the hallway, past one of the doors to the copy room. The man crouched low to the floor, hiding alongside a copy machine. He would peek his head out occasionally, listening. The cleaning lady went out of view for a moment, and then slowly walked past the other door. He remained motionless. Kim noticed a shadow standing in a doorway to one of the offices. The light snapped on. The cleaning lady moved into view inside the room, just standing there looking at the floor as if confused.
From this distance it was difficult to see, but Kim noticed a pile of clothes on the floor. It must have been his clothes! Of course it was. The cleaning lady bent down and picked up a pair of pants that were lying on the floor. Kim couldn't contain herself; she burst laughing out loud! This was too incredible. Her heart was racing with excitement now; this was just too good. She wished she had smartphone with a good camera to capture all of this. You just can't make this stuff up.
Kim started to imagine what was going on in this man's head. He was probably nervous as hell right now. His heart would be racing a million miles an hour. The more she put herself in his shoes (sort-of-speak,) the faster her heart beat thinking about it. Her eyes darted back and forth from the cleaning lady back to the man. He was still crouching beside a copy machine. It must have been at least a minute if not more that all of this took place. Kim could see the man was getting impatient. He stood up all the sudden. And for a spit second, Kim noticed his erection.
It quickly went out of view when he stood up strait. It pointed up at a 45 degree angle. She couldn't guess how long it was but it was hard and would do the job. He was clearly getting off on this. Kim's heart raced even more thinking about it. He carefully tip toed toward the open door closest to his office. He reached the light switch and turned it off. Kim couldn't see anything after that, the room went completely dark. But she could still see some light spilling in from the hallway. The light switch must have made noise because the cleaning lady lifted her head, as if she heard something. She dropped the pants and walked toward the hallway.
Kim could barely make out the legs of the naked man, slowly making his way to the other door of the copy room, the door furthest from his office.Holy shit, he's going to get caught!The man quickly backed away from the door when he heard the cleaning lady walk out of his office. Kim could see her feet walk past the door to the copy room, and then stop. Kim reasoned she likely noticed the light was turned off. The cleaning lady slowly turned and walked into the copy room. The light came on with a snap. The man's feet quickly bolted around the door into the hallway, but stayed there peeking into the copy room from around the corner. He was watching the cleaning lady, trying to sneak around her without getting caught.
Kim's mind was going mad with anticipation now. She was certain he was feeling a rush of adrenaline. In this situation, his erection made perfect sense. The possibility of getting caught was the thrill of this whole thing. She knew that for an absolute fact, and from experience. Kim understood this so well, because she used to do the very same thing when she was 18 and a senior in high school. Watching it all unfold in front of her eyes took her back to that night about 5 years ago, when it REALLY all began for her.
= = = =
It was quite chilly as winter was fast approaching, and well after midnight. Her parents were fast asleep. It happened again... she awoke suddenly, in a panicked state. Heart racing; sweat beginning to mist along her neck. She hadThe Urgeagain, and it was a big one this time. It was never this strong before. Kim knew instantly - as soon as she woke - tonight was going to be different. She felt sure she would do it this time. No getting cold feet and chickening out like she always did. It was happening, now.
She leapt out of bed, grabbed the hem of her T-shirt and whipped it over her head letting it fall carelessly to the floor. Just as quickly she thrust her thumbs to her sides and threw down her pajama bottoms and panties. She walked over to her bedroom window and then stopped. Listening carefully for her parents, certain they were still asleep, she carefully and quietly lifted the window open.
She paused again, to make sure her parents were still asleep. They would never understand, and would surely put an immediate stop to all of this insanity. Probably force her to seek psychiatric help. But she had these strong urges. And she couldn't control them. This was something that no parent would ever understand, and for that reason she had to keep quiet about it.
Despite being considered a pretty girl in school, she was very shy and lacked any confidence. Well, confidence in things like this. She was a talented debater and wasn't shy about voicing her opinions during a debate. But this was something else entirely – a realm of sexuality for which she had no natural innate talent. She knew she wasn't born with a talent for this kind of thing. That's why she wanted these urges to remain a part of her. They pushed her to do this crazy stuff. She knew she was working on a skill... skills that would give her a whole new kind of sexual self-confidence. It wasn't a lack of self-confidence about her body; she knew she had a fine body – all the boys said so. It was something different, something she couldn't quite identify. Whatever it was, she knew she lacked it and had to practice to acquire it.
She looked out the window, up to the sky.Good, no moonlight, very dark outsideshe thought. There was a small table right below her window. She placed it there several years earlier, when she first started having these urges. She stepped on the table, moved her head out the window, and then swung one leg out the window. She sat there a moment, straddling her bedroom window. She paused for a second, scanning her neighbor's windows. Her heart was pounding with anticipation and fear now. Just like last time, portions of her brain were analyzing why she was doing this, and attempting to hold her back.
But other parts were wildly thrilled by this. Those parts were winning out.
With cat-like reflexes she twisted her other leg out the window and eased herself to the ground. She didn't make a sound. She paused for a sec, listening for any sign of life in her back yard. A gentle breeze came over her and she was suddenly chilly. The temperature was in the mid-50s at best. Not exactly warm. But it didn't matter because her heart was pounding and the cold didn't bother her one bit. She quickly darted from the house to a large oak tree about 20 feet away, and hugged it closely.
This was as far as she had gotten before. She usually chickened out, but not this time. She slowly turned towards the house and stared with burning desire at the path that led to the driveway. In this moment, she realized why she failed in the past. Standing around gave her mind the time to "convince" her body to calm down and go back to bed. So this time she forced her mind to think about something different – a fantasy. She imagined herself striding bravely, boldly and confidently around the corner of the house, down the driveway to the sidewalk and down the street of her neighborhood. She would be very naked and she would love it. She would walk with extreme self-confidence, her complete nakedness of full display, not at all caring if anyone saw her or what they thought. Hell, she wanted people to see her. She wanted more than anything to walk to the little neighborhood gas station two blocks down the street, walk in and buy a can of Cheese Whiz. Just because! And then walk home, in the middle of the afternoon on a bright sunny day, completely and totally naked. People would notice her of course, then smile and say things like "Oh wow, you're a brave girl!" "Wish I had the confidence to walk around naked like that." She might even strike up a friendly conversation with someone waiting in line. Not caring if they starred at her pussy, or any other part of her nude body. Most of all, not caring if they accepted it or hated it.
Good good, I need this. I need to keep thinking this. It's helping me.She was feeling much more brazen now. She could feel her anxiety melting away, and with it her inhibition was fading.Fuck it, I'm going.
Kim started walking toward the driveway. She walked with a purpose, like a woman on a mission. She didn't tip-toe or shuffle her feat. She just walked straight to the driveway and made it halfway to the sidewalk when she was suddenly overcome with arousal. A big one, almost like an orgasm, but not quite. She stumbled for a second. She placed her hand on her pussy, but continued walking a little slower. Each step became more and more difficult. She was very turned on by this, her pussy wanting to be rubbed now. She stopped for a second to consider this...should she masturbate quickly and then continue?
NO! Keep going, you're doing greatshe screamed at herself. With her hand still holding her pussy, the walking motion created the effect of rubbing. She could feel her wetness now. Her arousal grew in intensity with each step. She could feel she was very close to climaxing. Never has she wanted to cum so fast before. It hasn't even been 30 seconds since she walked here! She forced her wet hand away from her pussy.Keep going girl, you're doing fine. Don't think about it.
She was close to the sidewalk now, and would very soon be bathed in light from the nearest street lamp. She had never made it this far before, and felt certain she would conquer two or three objectives this night.How far should I walk, maybe down the street to the woods and back? I could stay in the woods... maybe do a little naked nature hike. I wish I had brought my vibrator with me, god I so need to be fucked right now.She glanced to her right, instinctively checking the street for traffic. As if there would be any traffic in her neighborhood this time of night. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed her front yard. She stopped all the sudden and panicked. If she could see her front yard, that means she could see her parent's bedroom window. And if she could see their window, THEY could see HER! Instantly she lost the urge to cum. Even the urge to continue to the sidewalk evaporated. In less than a second, she was in her back yard, hugging the oak tree again.
Breathing heavily, heart racing, Kim felt like her chest was going to explode. She stayed for a minute, trying to catch her breath. Then she climbed as quietly as she could into her bedroom window. It was difficult actually – her body didn't quite have the strength and energy to climb quietly, her body wore out from all the stress she just experienced. She climbed it into the window but made a lot of noise in the process.
She could hear her parents woke. Someone was walking down the hallway, toward her bedroom. She quickly jumped into bed and covered herself with blankets, just before her dad swung open the door.
"Kim!?" her dad said, with a sound of panic in his voice.
"yeah daddy?" she said, trying her best to sound sleepy.
"What the hell was that noise? Are you alright?"
"Yeah. I opened the window for fresh air. I'm sorry you woke up." She hoped he would believe the lie. She was still naked under the sheets. Her clothes were still on the floor, in plain view of her father.
He was confused because Kim never much cared for cold weather before, so why open a window? He glanced around the bedroom, making sure everything was fine, hoping there were no boys hiding in her closet. With a yawn he said "okay sweetie" and closed her door. Kim knew she dodged a bullet that time. A sudden feeling of thrill and euphoria overcame her. She went WAY further than before, and she got away with it! She relived the events over and over in her mind, addicted to the thrill and loving the anticipation and anxiety she felt deep in her belly.
That thrill – a particular kind of high really – combined with the raw anxiousness and sexual arousal you get with being naked in public is what she loved. He must like it too.
= = = = =
With the memory of that night quickly fading from her mind, she regained focus on the naked man.
To be continued in Chapter 02