I stood to the side, silently waiting for the ball to drop.
Samantha stood over about a 5 foot putt.  "Routine," I thought to myself. We are supposed to make these if we want to play here. Samantha was certainly a great golfer. She was 2 under at the 17th, tied with me.
We were both safe from the first round cuts, meaning playing tomorrow for the final round was a near certainty. What wasn't certain were our playing partners. If we tied, it was super likely that we would be paired again. And God, did I ever want to be paired with her again! Samantha took her stroke, and the ball fell into the cup after a great roll. She pumped her fist, excited and getting more and more competitive as the day went on. The trash talk was pumping her up, but having a much different effect on me.
"One more to play, sweetheart!" she looked up and made eye contact with me.
We picked up our bags and started down the short path towards 18. She was teasing me, and I knew my focus was gone. The 18th hole had a small creek running left to right across the fairway, and there was some officiating at the tee box.
"190 to the water ladies, 210 to carry it.". He told us he was more interested in our skirts than helping our game.
It was odd for an official to give you the distance in an "official" round, but I just smiled, said thank you, and pulled my skirt down to hide what he wanted to see. Samantha had no issues with his eyes and set her bag down on the side of the tee area, and I followed. I teed the ball low and pulled out my 5-iron. I couldn't hit far enough to clear the creek, so a lay-up was needed. Samantha walked by to get behind me and stopped suddenly to whisper. "Come on, Hannah, let's make this one interesting. The furthest ball wins." She smiled a cocky ass little grin, and I knew my face was red.
"I can't go that far," I said aloud, totally beating myself up for ruining the little moment we could have had if I whispered some smart comeback to her. "I'm playing it safe."
She continued on and walked past me, and I tried to refocus on the shot. A little more left than I wanted, but safe on the short grass. Samantha's little mind games were working, but not affecting my game--just maybe my other senses. Samantha had a driver in her hand and stepped up to hit. She swung really hard and smoothly, but the distance seemed to me too great to carry. We lost sight of the ball near the far bank of the creek. Even the official crained his old neck to see it, but no luck. A little trash talk was in order, as there was no chance she was going to find that ball. I walked alongside her, and like a bitch, I asked, "What was the prize for that longest ball? I mean, the ball still in play, of course." She shot me a mostly playfully hateful look, and we exchanged a smile. "I'll help you look, Samantha," I quickly added to make sure she knew we were cool. "Oh, I'll make sure to pay up," she said with a little spice in her words. Maybe I was imagining that flirt, though. Like I always seem to do with gorgeous women. I found mine in no trouble, and I walked up a few yards to find her facing me and smiling. Her ball was a good yard and a half past the far bank of the small creek. "That's me, babe," she taunted.
"Wow. I've never been able to clear that hazard!" I told her truthfully. "I've been a member here for nearly three years and have only seen maybe two girls ever get the ball this far and stay in bounds!".
"Maybe if you'd use the weight sets and not just the little yoga mats, you'd hit it further!" she scolded me. It was true that while we were both around the same height, Samantha was thicker than me and strong for her size. I would have guessed 130 pounds. I've always been more petite. I weigh about 110 right now, and that's an improvement for my 5-foot frame. The weight is hard for me to gain, and I'm proud of my body. Even from the gap between us, Samantha's tight blue Nike shirt shows off some great and much bigger breasts. My little white and pink golf outfit was cute, but the body under it didn't attract the same attention. Samantha looked great. Shit, I am still out, meaning it was my shot. The rest of the hole was good; both of us made our short putts for par. She was happy with the score, and I was just happy we would be playing together again tomorrow. We shook hands and turned our scorecards in to the table, and the official had us sign each other's cards. I felt bold enough to give Samantha a short hug at the end, and I enjoyed the physical contact between us a little too much. Samantha noted our tie before I said anything and asked me if I thought we would be paired again tomorrow.
"That would be great!" I said genuinely. "I enjoyed playing with you. You're a great player."
"I'll text you when the list for tomorrow is posted on the club's Facebook page tonight." She replied and smiled warmly. "Let me put my number in your phone." I never do anything with grace around pretty girls, and this time was no different. As soon as I unlocked my phone to hand it to her, the last TikTok I had watched played right away. It was a great video of Grace Harris swinging a golf club. Yup, that's right--the hot Grace Harris. It's a lot of boobs.
"Hey, hey!" Samantha laughed. "I love that video!" I was immediately fumbling to swipe up to get it off my screen. Samantha was enjoying this mistake by me and clearly loving my embarrassment more.
"She's hot," Samantha said plainly. "I've watched a lot of her videos."
"Really?" I asked. She was a staple of my TikTok account. "Are you gay?" I asked like an absolute idiot. "I mean, fuck, I'm sorry, I just meant..." Samantha cut me off with a smile and relaxed her posture. It was just the two of us standing next to the clubhouse doors as the sun was getting low.
"I'm actually bi." She looked me right in the eyes.
"Oh." That was all I had in me to say. Such an idiot.
"Are you gay?" She asked me back with far more grace and kindness than I had mustered up asking her.
"Umm. Yeah, bi is probably a fine way to put it right now. I guess I don't know." My face was hot and my knees were very unsteady.
"Interesting," she said, smiling at my embarrassed state. I could have crawled out of my actual skin. She finished putting her phone number on my phone. "Thanks for a great round today. I hope we get to play together tomorrow." She handed me the phone back and grabbed her gear to head inside.
"Yeah, it was really fun!" I managed to almost come back to life. I sent her a text with my name so she could save it to her phone. I heard the chime of her phone and saw her smile back at me as she turned and started walking inside towards the ladies locker room. I kicked the grass off my shoes, gathered my bag, and realized my backpack was in my locker with my car keys in it. I headed through the glass doors to the ladies locker room and headed in to grab my stuff. The ladies locker room was a clean and nice spot at the club, and my locker was in the middle of three sections for members. I had a bottom locker; some ancient old woman had the top locker due to seniority. As I closed my locker door to leave, I saw Samantha leaving the showers wrapped in a club towel. Our club is great for its members, and they were doing me another favor by having towels that certainly were not too large. I took a mental note to not look too long, but turned to say goodnight to her as she headed towards her locker in the first section. The lockers are not labeled, so many members don't know whose locker is which other than those around them and their own. Her face lit up, and we talked for a short time as she stood in front of my area with just a towel around her skin and another towel wrapped in her hair. It brought back some memories of high school tennis locker rooms that I rather enjoyed.
"Oh, and please do not forget I outdrove you today on that last hole, sweetie," she teased. "You really made par after that layup too!"
"Oh yeah. I can't believe you made it across. I've really only thought the boys or tour players could do that. Not me!" I laughed with her, enjoying the fact she was lingering in this state of undress.
"Well, have a great night, Hannah!" she laughed, and she walked away to finish her routine. I walked towards the exit, past her locker, making a mental note of which one was hers. I hoped to every goddess above that I wasn't fully breaking my neck to look when the towel she was wearing fell to the floor. My phone went off about 8:30 as I was eating a bowl of something terrible I made, and the TV was playing in the background. I scooted my ass off the phone that had been under me, and my heart jumped at the name on the screen.
SAMANTHA🖤
Paired up again tmw! Check out the page!
I swiped over to Facebook, and sure enough, she and I were together once more. The leaderboard was not kind to us, and even at -2, we were barely in the running for the club championship. Maybe just a day to enjoy her company and competition. One more text came through, from her again, and I read it with fear and a very familiar sensation running through me.
SAMANTHA🖤
Oh, and I won the challenge today on 18. Can I get my prize tmrw?
I texted her back after a minute to slow my heart down.
"What 'prize' did you have in mind?"
SAMANTHA🖤
"Let me think. Get there early and bring a few options for outfits. I want to dress you!"
I responded, "Oh, ok! Sure thing. I have tons of golf clothes and always hate them when I leave the house. You are always so cute, I'd love it if you picked them. Just please don't embarrass me at the championship!"
SAMANTHA🖤
"not going to embarrass you. Just show me what I like."
I was over the moon at that comment. Maybe there was something there? I was a little worried she would tease me about the clothes I brought, but I had a few outfits in mind that I knew were showstoppers. Besides, if I wasn't playing for first, I might as well be the hottest! I slept very well after a little time to myself in my apartment.
The next morning, I packed my clubs, balls, and a full backpack worth of my best golf outfits in my car and drove to the club nearly an hour and a half early. I was sure I'd have a few good minutes to warm up, but mostly, I wanted to see Samantha. I was a nervous mess on the drive, and to be quite honest, my pussycat was in overdrive after the attention last night. I wore a crop top tee with just a thin, soft cloth bralette that was not doing enough to hide my nipples from view, and a pair of black yoga pants with an adidas thong underneath. My hand slipped into the front of my yoga pants more than once on the ride over. I was trying to keep it together and not get ahead of myself as I walked through the club.
'She might just want to be friends', I made clear in my own head. My heart and my aching clit hoped differently, though.
I put my bag in the stand outside, said hello to the odd member or two, and headed into the locker room.
It wasn't 10 minutes before Samantha got there and joined me. In the first few minutes we were chatting, two older members grabbed their gear and left. We were left alone with time to kill.
"Shall we see what the beautiful Hannah will wear today? The crowds are eager to see you," Samantha teased me.
"Pick out what you think is best!" I cheerfully replied as I laid a few choices out on the bench in front of us. I tried to play it cool in case this was just friendly and casual for her.
"Ooh, cute!" She examined each piece and folded it back into its place in front of me. She grabbed a white sports bra and a black pleated skirt and held them up to me. Her eyes were all over me, and I was thrilled.
"I can't imagine you filling this all the way out, Hannah dear!" She pushed the sports bra into my chest as if she were measuring me with her eyes. The sting of her words actually did me a favor, but I wouldn't let her know it.
"Not like you do!" I pressed back with some slight spice in my voice as best I could manage.
"You're right, babe, now try it on," she commanded, and I pulled the crop top off to reveal my smaller B cups hidden by a half-millimeter of loose fabric. The nipples hadn't been hidden in the excitement of her attention, and she put her eyes right on them. Fuck yes.
"Well, hello, pretty girl," Smantha said in a whisper. Dear goddess, that about broke me. I hooked my thumbs on the sides of the bralette and took a shallow breath. My mind couldn't make a coherent thought as my body took over. As my bralette fell to the floor, I saw Samantha's eyes glued to my small chest. I made no move to cover myself. In that moment, I knew the power was mine.
"You haven't told me if I'm wearing the skirt or not." I held my gaze on her.
She nodded and found the words. "The black one, love." I pulled the white sports bra on, her eyes finally moving to meet my face. It wouldn't break any rules of the club, but all eyes would be on me today. Fuck yes. A small panic caned over me as I looked at the skirt on the bench. In the fury of getting to my room last night, I had skipped a shower. Which meant my vulva was in need of attention.
Shit. "Let me go put this on, if that's what you've chosen." I hoped my bluff would work. I silently died on the inside. It just couldn't go any further right now.
"Ok, love. Meet me on the range when you're ready." She allowed me that much decency. The round started off fine; neither of us played to our best, but being paired together was worth it. I thought pretty highly of myself in the cute outfit she had picked for me, and I was putting the ball where it mostly needed to be. We exchanged small talk and lots of small touches on the first four holes. She handed me a wedge from my bag on the fourth, and I tried my best to hold the small touch for an extra moment. Samantha was hard for me to read. Was it just a prize for her to see my chest? Was anything going to come of the phone number and show I had given her? I worried that my early exit from our locker room moment had given her the wrong idea about my hopes for Samantha and me. On the 5th hole, I was fully focused on the game. I hit a great shot onto the green on par 3, and Samantha missed the green with an iron.
"Fucker!" She exclaimed. We walked the short path to the green, and as she broke off to get to her ball in the rough, I decided to make a move.
"Make this one for me, dear?" I teased her.
"Like hell, you have the hot hand today," she replied.
"I bet you can't get out of the trouble you're in, Sam." I was pressing my luck. She could absolutely make it.
"What do you have to bet, Hannah, dearest?" She smirked back.
"You tell me, I'm bound to win this time." I walked a very thin line. I needed her to win, and I needed her to think I wanted to win.
"We won't see the gallery for a few holes," she started. "Let's make this one interesting."
"Done, babe. Enjoy the rough." I replied with a false cockiness. The cool morning air felt great against my bare skin. Samantha had a shot out of the rough with a wedge and put the ball about 10 or so feet from the flag. Further than I wanted, and further than she wanted as well. I rolled my putt short on purpose, leaving myself a tap in the putt for par. Samantha walked up and had the putter in her hand as she looked over the path the ball needed to take. Her brown hair flowed over her shoulders as she looked down the path and took her time to putt. I thought to myself about how stunning she looked in this competitive environment, her heavy chest getting in the way of her elbows tight to her body. I hesitated, almost asking her for her cup size as she pulled the club back and forth. I held my breath as the little white ball rolled across the green. I saw the first reaction in her before the ball made it. She lept off her feet with her arms in the air as the ball met the cup.
"YES!!" She yelled, jumping up and down. She had made par, and to my delight, I had lost yet another bet to the beautiful Samantha. I dropped my head in defeat to hide the slight smile on my face.
"God, you are good," I said, slow and low.
"And that, my dear, is how you do it," she exclaimed. "And out here, you're in trouble!" My eyes got wide, and the reaction was genuine.
"Um, what exactly were we playing for?" I asked sheepishly.
"Walk with me, pretty girl," she crowed.
My stomach did a full somersault. Certainly not in a bad way. I was certainly aware of the very little clothing at that moment in time. The skirt I was wearing did not cover much, and any bend or turn showed a lot of cheek and thong. I walked alongside Samantha for the next hole, a tougher par-5 with lots of trees and trouble.
"I need to know if you were serious, Hannah," she said rather suddenly.
"Serious about...?" I kept my eyes low to signal defeat and shame.
"The bet."
"Oh, well yeah. You won," I said. "What do you want?"
"First, I want you to tell me the truth. I picked your outfit, and I enjoyed that immensely. But, if this is too much for you, tell me now." Her sincerity took me by surprise.
"Well, if I'm being totally honest, and I mean totally, I knew you'd probably make the par. So, tell me what the bet is."
"Hannah, are you enjoying this?"
"I might be. Tell me the bet, Sam."
"Alright then, on the next hole, let's play for keeps. Best score is worth a picture."
"A picture of?"
"Winner's choice. My choice." I looked her up and down as we made the next tee box.
"But you just won the bet on the last hole."
"Oh, I know, darling. I'm going to take mine after your shot." She responded with her eyes fixed on my backside. My cheeks burned as she watched me tee off. I hit a great ball down the fairway, but the slope of the course rolled me off to the left into the rough where we couldn't see it. Samatha laughed and hit a good ball close to mine but safe. Getting out of the rough, Samantha set her bag down and let me in on her plans.
"How about you give me a little flash, Hannah?." She had such a grin on her face, and with no one around, I decided to obey. I turned back towards the tee box to look around, turned back to her, and slid the sports bra up over my breasts for her to see. I was too afraid to take it all the way off, but I kept it above my chest for a good while for her to ogle. Samantha enjoyed the scene, but as we started moving again, I pulled the tight fabric down and covered myself. I found my ball and made the shot alright, but I knew that as I turned to swing, she got herself a great view of my ass in the thong. My pussy could not have been wetter at that moment. We walked to her ball; she hit a good shot, and we were close to the same spot.
As we walked towards the green, Samantha gave me a warning in her playful voice: "Don't fuck this up, dear; there's not much I haven't seen!" I knew she was right, but being naked in front of her at this moment was the entire goal.
Samantha played her best and scored a par, and my ball just wouldn't cooperate on the putt. I hit a lag putt to 4ish feet, but the par putt didn't even cross my mind as her chest bounced in my mind. I missed the putt. I was nervous, and my pussy was totally soaked. I dropped to a squat in frustration. The score didn't matter; the putt was an afterthought. Samantha had me now, and I couldn't stand with my knees shaking this much.
I'm sure to her, it looked like I was sad about it. "That's a sure bogey, my dear." Her cocky voice stung. I loved when she would get cocky with me. It was commanding, degrading, and so fucking hot.
"You win," I squeaked. "Must be your day."
"Hit your shot on the next tee box, and make sure it's hard to find."
"Ok, Samantha. Great hole by you." We walked to the next tee box, and I knew my shot needed to be a bad one. I assumed it was so she could see more of me. My throat got tight.
'How much of me is she wanting to see?' My mind raced. My unshaved pussy was a worry for me. I liked to keep it neat and trimmed when I was expecting communion. How the fuck was I supposed to have expected this? Samantha was up first after winning the last hole. She hit a good shot in the middle. I lined up, looked over the area in front of me, and swung hard. Anytime I swung too hard, my coach and I knew it was bound to go right. Far right. It did here too. That ball was gone in the bushes, with nothing to save it.
"That's my good girl." The voice was back. She was confident. I was wet. She walked over to help me 'look' for my ball.
"Ok, winner, what's the prize? You're going to win this hole too, I suppose. Cheap trick to make me hit out here."
"Panties, baby." I sort of froze. I really didn't want to pull them off. I didn't want her to think I wasn't clean. I wanted to look my best for her amazing eyes.
"Um, Samantha?" I squeaked. My real confidence was gone.
"Yes, baby?"
"I haven't shaved," I meekly added. "I'm um, not looking my best at the moment."
I was really submitting to her. I was so ashamed of my mistake to masturbate and sleep last night instead of getting ready for her.
"Good," she responded, much to my surprise. "It means I get to see all of you."
Holy fuck.
"Are you sure?" I responded. My hair on my head was jet black. My pubic hair was too. Not that there's anything wrong with dark hair on girls. Just with my freckles and light skin, it really stood out in my pubic area.
"Panties," she commanded.
I reached down without thinking. I pulled my legs together and dropped the black adidas thong to the ground. I stepped a small step out of them and left them on the ground beside me. She reached down and picked them up.
"I wanted these off earlier, but you were too shy," she teased.
"I didn't want you to laugh at my hair," I answered honestly. I could have cried.
"Drop a ball, sweetie, let's play one from here. No penalty from me." She really wanted to play the hole out. By giving me a free drop, she gave me a chance to win the hole and get my picture. God, I wanted her tits as a photo on my phone. As I lined up to hit my drop, she moved behind me. I froze. She could see me. All of me in my stance. My legs needed to be shoulder-width apart to hit the ball properly. I was spread out. Not much, but spread for her. I lost my focus and topped the ball hard. It barely rolled 30 feet. I was fucked. As we approached the green, I was struggling just to make a bogey, and she was ready for a birdie.
I lined up a putt, and right as I had my eyes on it, her putter handle lifted my skirt from the back and gave her a full view of my ass. I missed it. She made hers.
She won the hole. She won the picture.
The next hole was the furthest from the clubhouse. We had the group of old women behind us meet us on the tee box, and Samantha let them play through.
I kept my hands in front of my skirt to not let these two middle-aged birds see me. We had nothing but time and space now, and I was the loser. Samantha hit her shot well, and mine rolled just short of hers. No one in sight. Her golf bag over her shoulder, her phone in her hand. The walk was silent and humiliating. We reached the balls and had to wait on the two ahead of us.
"Ok, baby, time for my picture!" She giggled.
"Just tell me what you want." I gasped back. I was ready for her to see me, but not ready for her to see all of me. Maybe I was in over my head on this one, I thought to myself.
"Sit down by your ball and spread your legs, baby doll," she said. Her voice was rushed and excited. She was trying to be cool.
I sat on the grass by my ball, with my arms behind me supporting me. I looked up at her, knowing the wetness in between my legs would likely now show in a picture. Knowing my untrimmed pussy would too.
"Spread," she commanded.
I slowly opened my legs, letting her see my whole self. There was no sexy, model-like look on my face. Just excitement, fear, and shame in my red cheeks. She let her phone capture all of me.
"More," she ordered.
"What do you want me to do?"
"Spread your lips for me." She couldn't stop looking at her phone, which had all of me in focus.
I pulled a hand to my pussy, felt a warm, wet pulse meet me, and used two fingers to pull apart my lips and show her my bright pink vagina. The hair wasn't too bad, but it was definitely visible on the labia around my hand.
She leaned in close for a picture. Maybe ten. I tried to muster up some courage. She didn't want me sitting here still like a doll. I wanted her to want me, and I needed to be something she desired.
"I love the way you look at me, Samantha," I whispered. It was true. No one else was in sight of us, and Samantha got bold.
"Lose the top, Hannah," she said with a tone of authority. I pulled it off after looking around once. I was now nearly naked here in the open, with her snapping picture after picture of me. She stepped back to get more of me in the shot.
"You are so fucking cute and so fucking hot, Hannah." I pushed the last of my courage out through my mouth. My hand was gently moving side to side on my pussyfoot, but not enough for her to see. I was desperate for relief.
"Sam, please, I love the way you look at me. I love being naked for you, and I want to make you happy. What can I do to make you happy?"
"Get up; the next group is coming." I scrambled to get my top on. Sam had my panties in her bag, so I'm still minus those.
"Into the woods, love. Now." I told her. To the group behind us, it must have looked like we went in for a lost ball. Samantha had me set my bag down in a small grassy clearing in the trees. I looked over to her as I set it down, and she grabbed my shoulders and pushed me down. I complied totally.
"All fours, Hannah, get down." She had me fully compliant. I got down in the cool grass on my hands and knees, facing her.
"Other way, slut." She admonished me for the first time. I loved it. I spun around on my knees and tuned my ass to her. I felt her hand push my head down.
I did not resist. I was dripping onto my legs.
All the sudden, rather than a tongue or finger in my pussy, I felt two fingers grab my lips.
No, not my lips, oh goddess.
Samantha had a hold of the hair on both sides of my pussy lips.
I was mortified.
I tried to look back at her and say something about my shame, but just then the hair was pulled to the sides. Samantha was using my pubic hair to spread me wide open to her view.
I was spread wide, and she could see all of me. I buried my face in the grass to hide my embarrassment. One side let go, and I stayed frozen in the dirt and grass. I was quickly becoming so wet that it was running down my thighs.
I heard her say something, but I couldn't make out the words. Just then, I felt cold rubber push from the opening of my pussy and gently glide inside me.
I looked back with one eye open to see Samantha fucking me with her driver's grip.
The feeling was so degrading and, at the same time, amazing. The thick grip ran over my swollen g-spot slowly and with rhythm. I couldn't help but to moan.
"Take it, slut. I've had you naked all day waiting on me to fuck you."
"Oh yessss, Samantha," I moaned her name into the grass.
"Please fuck me. I want you so bad."
"Oh, I know Hannah. I could see it in you in the locker room. Why did you make me wait?"
"I, Ah! I didn't want you to see my hair. I was em-AH! embarrassed."
"Silly slut thinks I care about pussy hair?" She pulled the club out of me, and I cried out.
"Get naked, baby." I pulled the sports bra top off and nearly ripped the skirt off too.
I was fully naked, alone with her.
She pushed me down so I was lying on my back now, and she quickly pushed the driver back inside my aching pussy.
I could only look up at her and moan as I stared into her eyes. She was fucking me faster, and I needed to cum.
"Please Sam, PLEASE!" I yelled, and pushed my hand onto my aching clit.
The grip pushed deep into my vagina, and more than once I worried I couldn't take what she was giving me.
"Tell me how to make you cum, Hannah," she whispered. I had no thoughts left in my head.
Anything she did at this pace and depth was going to send me to the moon. I managed to get just one breath to myself as she absolutely destroyed me, and I moaned to her, "Show me you."
She paused at a terrible time, and her hands left the grip inside me as she pulled her black top off. There was no bra underneath it, but the fabric had blocked my view of her amazing tits all day. Her tits must have been at least a DDD, maybe more. They spilled out of her top and hung heavy on her thicker body. Her abs were visible, evidence of her workouts, and her sides were tight.
I grabbed the driver's shaft and picked up where she left off. I was fucking myself with her golf club. My mind was almost totally blank as my eyes stayed fixed on her. She laughed right at me as I forced the club in and out of my soaking wet hole.
To my surprise, she dropped her shorts and yellow pants too. Her pussy was shaved or waxed bare, and her lips were longer than mine but perfect.
She stood over me with her pussycat right over my face, and her fingers got to work on her clitoral area. I could not believe how amazing she looked. I immediately increased the depth and speed with which I was fucking myself with what she had done. I was getting back to the top of the hill when I heard Samantha cry out and shake.
"Oh fuck! Hannah... I'm going, I'm going, watch out!" She lost control right over me, and her fingers pulled away from her clit as a rush of liquid poured out of her, all over my face and hair. Samantha had squirted on me. I never had that happen before!
I felt the static inside me bubble over, and within fifteen seconds I was thrown backwards into the grass, barely able to see straight. I laid down as Samantha sat down next to me and gently pulled the driver's grip out of me.
I rolled my face over onto her much larger chest and kissed her large areola softly.
"Get up," she panted. "We still have a lot of golf left to play."