It had been 3 long months since my wife had danced in the Hotel window. She never mentioned that night again, but I could tell she was deeply embarrassed by her drunken behaviour. If only she knew what had actually happened. I'd watched the video of her sucking another mans cock over and over, I was so turned on.
I wanted her to do it again and more..
I had been texting Mark virtually daily, he was desperate to see my wife Sarah again. I'd sent him most of the pictures and videos I had taken of Sarah over the years and he said, "he'd wanked over her every night", he'd even shared some with his friends. This excited me even more. He was desperate to fuck my wife, and I wanted to watch.
We arranged another City break in the same Hotel for our 26th Anniversary. As the date grew nearer I don't know who was most excited myself or Mark. When we arrived Sarah was disappointed as we had been given the same room facing the back of the Hotel, but as she looked out of the window towards the bins, I could tell she was excited as the memories came flooding back. Our plan was working.
Sarah bathed and put on the sexy underwear I'd bought her as a present, she looked amazing for even a 51 years old woman. We had a meal and then went back to the Hotel bar where Mark was serving behind the bar. He couldn't keep his eyes off her all night and she noticed, blushing a few times at his comments. He was making all her gins doubles and it wasn't long before she was slurring her words and rubbing my cock through my trousers. I helped her to our room and stripped her down to her underwear as soon as the door had closed behind us, she was so horny, she was demanding to be fucked. I wanted to fuck her so badly but I had to slow her down. Her pussy was Mark's tonight.
"I'll order a bottle of Champagne from room service, we are celebrating after all", I said. She agreed but she didn't need any more alcohol. I texted Mark and told him to come up to our room with a bottle.
I put some music on and Sarah began to dance around the room,
"will you blindfold me again Dave, it sends my imagination wild?"
I couldn't believe my luck. I blindfolded her with my tie and led her to the window, my cock was straining in my trousers I was so hard. I unhooked her bra and turned her to face the window exposing my wife to anyone who wanted her.
She didn't hear the knock at the door over the music, I invited Mark in and we both stripped naked and sat in the easy chairs, stroking our cocks as Sarah continued to dance. She had no idea that there was a naked stranger not 6 feet from her wanking his cock. "Sarah, turn around so I can watch you play". She duly turned to face us both, all she had on was her heels, stockings and a blindfold. As she rubbed her breasts, her chest was heaving she was so excited, she tweaked a nipple with her left hand while her right slide between her thighs. She bit her lip to stifle her moan, what would she do if she knew I'd invited another man to watch her play? I was past caring. I was way too excited. "Sarah walk forward four paces", she walked closer to our wanking cocks, "turn around and get onto all fours in front of me". "Now reach back and open those beautiful arse cheeks".
The sight before me had my cock leaking pre-cum, my wife was presenting her arse to a total stranger. Her pussy was dripping juice and she was gaping. Mark looked at me for approval and I nodded. He slipped off the chair and knelt behind Sarah, he put a hand on each arse cheeks and spread her even wider. He looked at my wife's anus and pussy, his dreams coming true. He slowly tongued her anus and slipped a couple of fingers inside her pussy, she groaned and slowly pushed back at his fingers as he wanked his cock with his other hand. His cock was bigger than I remembered, he was so hard for her, I knew there was no going back. He rubbed her juices over his bell end and lined up with her pussy.
"Hurry up" whispered Sarah "I need fucking" and with that he slid bareback inside my wife, she had only ever had my cock before.
He fucked her slowly at first and she was moaning with each thrust, he reached forward and grabbed her hanging tits and he pulled her back onto his cock. It was such an erotic sight. I thought to myself it's now or never. My heart was racing as I knelt at the side of her head and slowly removed the blindfold, she looked confused and started to say "what the", but her eyes closed as Mark sped up his thrusts forcing her face into the carpet. They came at the same time and both fell forward, his cock was still deep inside her as it twitched, the last of his cum entering her womb.
"Happy Anniversary my Love", I whispered into her ear.
As we helped her to the bed, she couldn't take her eyes of Mark. His young, tanned body and his cock.
"How old are you" she asked Mark.
"I'm nearly 20" was his reply.
She was a little shocked by his age. She reached down between her legs and felt his cum leaking out of her pussy and lifted her fingers to her lips to taste his seed.
"Fuck me again, I want to feel that young cock inside me".
He pushed her flat on the bed and kissed her passionately on the lips, her hands were all over his young body as he slowly tweaked and stretched her nipples. I lay alongside them and watched the look on her face as he slid inside her again. My wife surrendered to him, she was his and he was going to use her while I watched. They fucked for at least 20 minutes I could tell from their speed and moans that they were close to cumming, Sarah turned to face me as her orgasm rippled through her body. I had wanted to see her fuck another man for so long. They held each other and kissed until Mark's limp cock slipped out of my wife.
I have never seen her look so beautiful or exhausted. She was covered in sweat, her make up was smudged and her breasts were red from Mark's rough handling. I opened her legs to see her abused pussy. Her clitoris and pussy were both swollen and Marks semen had started to run out of her. I kissed her on the deeply on the lips as my cock entered her used, cum filled pussy.