It took 2 days for Damian to reply to the latest video. She half expected him to yell at her for going too far. She had just stepped out of her bath tub wearing only a thin towel around her exquisite body. Sitting down at her dining table she opened her e-mail and prayed he didn't want a divorce.
"GOOD GOD ALMIGHTY! Hey, Sweetheart! Kisses from Landmine central. That video was powerful. You took that task on like a trooper. All that spew on you was fascinating. How did you like it? Be honest. Kevin looked like he was getting a little rough with you. He didn't hurt my girl did he? Hope not!"
"I admire your dedication Sweetheart. Definitely feeling pride here. You amaze me to no end. I can't wait to come home and fuck you silly. Just picturing it drives me to jerk off like an M-16." She smiles at his humor playing on his reference with a whimsical sigh of, "MMMM! 16!"
"Keep the video's coming. Bold as that last video was I think you can be bolder still. Prove me right, Hotstuff. I dare you! Tell Kevin not so rough next time. Love you, Comely Wench!"
She shudders at the dare and begins typing a reply, "Dammit, Damian. You know I hate it when you dare me. What am I to do now? Let Kevin fuck me? Let all of his friends fuck me? You know I only want you! I'm going to start liking this and then what? You know I love you. I'll figure this out. You better still love me after all of this. OR ELSE! ( snip snip).
Adore you hubby. Kisses everywhere! Bye4now!"
Message sent she cowers into her hands with elbows on the table. "What do I do?"
Suddenly, a knock came at her door which startled her. Jumping up she nearly lost her towel as she spotted the visitor through the screen waving at her. "Joe?" It was her Father-in-law, "Joseph Palmer".
She pulled her towel tighter and went to the door unlocking it.
"Hey Dad! Sorry I just got out of the tub. I was writing Damian back." He stepped over the threshold with a concerned look in his eye that made her tremble. "Is anything wrong?"
He shakes his head, "I've been hearing some disturbing rumors about you."
Her jaw dropped and she lost her balance just knowing he had possibly found out what she was doing with his son Kevin. White as a sheet she fell directly into his arms and had no control over her escaping towel. She had totally lost consciousness in her panic. He caught her not stressing over her loss of the towel. He picked her body up and laid her on the sectional. Retrieving the towel he begins to cover her nude body with it then halts for a moment to risk a gander. He always knew she was smoking hot in clothing. His son was a lucky Soldier.
Two minutes pass as the dirty old man went so far as to pry her legs apart for a good look at her holes. Whistling under his breath he draped the towel over her and sat down behind her head. A tender patting on her cheek brought her out of her funk. "What brought that on Candace?"
"I don't know!" She stared at the ceiling trying to focus on breathing as much as her future words, " Dehydrated maybe. You mentioned rumors about me. Should I be worried?" She shivered sitting up trying to keep herself covered.
He reaches over the cushion and pats her leg, "Nothing bad. Damian told me that you were getting lonely over here by yourself. I know Kevin's mentioned that this is his new hangout. I hope the boy's not being a nuisance."
She smiled, "No! It's nice having family come by. I wish my own Father took such an interest in me like you do. Daddy is a workaholic now that Mom's gone. No time for his only child." She shivers, "Ummmm! I should probably go put some clothing on. Sorry if I embarrassed you, Joe."
She hops up wrapping herself quickly to avoid further humiliation. A snapped glance at her bare ass before the towel hid it He reaches out and grabs her by the hand, "Don't worry about it. You're covered. I'm no stranger."
She smiles warmly, "Yes. But, it feels sort of weird to be only in a towel around my Father-in-law."
He shrugs, "I'm not gonna bite. Just relax."
She sits back down, "Okay."
"I told Damian I would look out for you. And, I plan to. Anything you need you just ask."
She smiled brightly, "How about a ticket for my Husband to come home for a few weeks. I need him to hold me. Yes, I get lonely at night. The crickets don't keep me warm."
Joe nodded trying to avoid spooking her with his wandering eyes, "I can imagine. I remember feeling the same when I got dispatched to the Gulf War. The boys were barely out of diapers then. At least they kept Sarah company. All I had were letters and pictures. Kind of like you and Damian. When it's all you have to look forward to it becomes the center of your dreams. Damian worships you that's for certain. He tells his ole man every time we talk."
She smiled vividly hearing Joe's encouraging words. She was worshiped! That made her week. It made her efforts of late all the more rewarding. Even if what she had been doing still gnawed at her insecurities. Gleefully Candi leaned over the couch cushion and kissed Joe on the cheek. As she leaped forward her towel loosened in the front and offered an in depth view of her large cleavage. The sight of their crushing bulge hadn't helped his brewing erection. He had done his best to avoid it's maturing girth. She hadn't paid attention until now.
Her gaze lowered out of embarrassment of kissing his cheek and blushed warmly. That was when her eyes noted his bulging slacks. This made her blush even further. She began to tremble and avoid eye contact when Joe added fuel to the fire. "I'm glad whatever it was I said made your day. I bet I can make your day even better." He winked toward her attempted glance at him.
She timidly smiles, "How can you do that?"
Joe reaches into his shirt pocket and unwrinkles a piece of paper. Once unfolded he holds it up to read to her. First off he admits, "This here is a printed copy of my last e-mail reply from Damian."
She perks up brightly as her big blue eyes bulge and her pearly whites gleam in excitement. That moment swiftly faded as it dawned on her there could be awkward comments in their conversation. After all, She knew how close Father and son were. They were nearly inseparable before Damian went to Iraq. She chose to bite her nails.
Joe noticed her nibbling and swatted her hand, "Stop that! Your nails are perfect." Candi pulled her fingers away with a military salute, "Sorry, Sir!" She sat up at attention and folded her right leg under her left allowing the towel to drift higher up on her inner thighs. She wasn't even thinking about her angle. Joe watched her fidget as a swift glance allowed him a temporary view of her pubic region.
"What does it say? TELL ME!" Her excitement forced him to avert his drawn attention back to the letter. Clearing his throat he began quoting, "Hey Dad! This war is driving me insane. So much desert. A language I don't understand. Too many people! We lost a man's leg today in a mortar blast. Thank god he survived. So far at least. I barely have friends here. Almost afraid to make any. I figure why make friends when any day you could lose them, or they could lose you. I guess I learned a little from all your war stories. You once said, "Keep your friend's at Army's length. Your Enemie's in your crosshairs."
"All I have are hopes and dreams. You, Kev, and Candace are the center of my world. Candi was the best thing to ever happen to me. I worship her like a Goddess. I really wish I had more to offer her. Being over here leave's her alone. Our talks have proven to me just how lonely she is. That frightens's me. Yeah I know "Mister Afraid of nothing!"
"I know I never have to worry about her being unfaithful. She's too good to be true. Her e-mail's help me find what little peace there is over here. We won't discuss her video's too in detail. LOL. Let's just say the desert heat just gets hotter."
Candi giggles raising a hand to hide her beet red face and laughter. Joe stops to wink at her again.
"Anyway, I don't have much time here at the computer but I have a favor of you. It's hard to ask but here goes." She holds her breath at that moment with eyes unblinking.
"I'm sending you money and I want you to take Candi shopping in the city. The hard part to ask is I want you to buy her nothing but extremely revealing and sexy clothing. Her video's need spicing up. If you catch my drift."
"The thing is I want you to drag out our old videocam if it still works and capture her like a Fashion Show. If there's any money left stop by an Adult store and let her buy some toys. Anything that adds excitement to her videos for me. I don't trust many people, Pop. I know it's hard to ask with you being my Dad and Candi being your only Daughter-in-law. But, I don't know who to turn to. Kev might be too immature and full of cum to keep things from going south. If it's too much to ask I'll understand. Talk it over with Candace. If the two of you can set aside your modesty have fun. After all this could be my Father's Day gift to you. Dirty old man. LOL."
"I need to sign off it's time for my duty roster. Love you, Pop. Damian."
Joe flips the letter into her lap with a read it and weep expression. She swiftly snatches it up to re-read it offering him extended glances at her snatch. During her reading she unconsciously resettles in the sofa offering a more revealing shot of her pussy lips. She sighs and absorbs Damian's request, thinking to herself, "I'm his Goddess! Wow! Oh, Damian you ask so much of me. Your Dad must think I'm a slut! Of course, Joe did have an erection popping up." A sneaky glance hidden by the paper she eyes Joe's tent and gulps, "Yeah, still there."
Uneasily, she lowers the paper to her lap and puckers her rosy lips before daring to look at Joe. "He sure has put us in a very awkward place hasn't he? How do you feel about this?"
Her Father-in-law ponders a fake hesitation doing his best not to sound too excited by seeing her in revealing clothing. The towel was by far the best Fashion show he could get he thought.
"Well, your towel there has already defied our modesty level. It's not like i haven't unexpectantly seen you without the towel. I did carry you to the couch here earlier. I tried my best not to peek. Pretty difficult as you must have realized."
She nods with a faint giggle which she swiftly concealed, "I figured you saw me. Impossible to hide in the situation. I do want to thank you for being a Gentleman."
He whips his hands in a display of, "Well, you know!"
"Okay! We're both over the embarrassment I hope. I can honor my Son's request as long as it doesn't make you too uneasy. How do you feel about it?"
Candi straightens her towel up noting her revealing lower half before forming her opinion. She decides that in order to do this she needs to be honest and build a good rapport with Joe first. Deep breath, she pats her upper legs and looks straight into Joe's gaze.
"Can I be frank with you, Joe? I'm willing to pretty much do anything Damian asks of me. If you can handle seeing me in provocative dress then I suppose I can get past the awkwardness. It's not difficult to see that you are already suffering at my expense." She blushes darkly and points at his crotch.
He looks down at his erection and chuckles, "Yeah, Sorry! I'm a Man. And, as you probably guessed it's been awhile since I've seen a woman. Eying you earlier tested my control. If you weren't my son's wife I might be in big trouble. I guess Damian knows me well. Dirty old man, I am."
She stares at him trying not to panic. She knows then and there that this could prove difficult. How could she deny Damian though? She would have to set aside her guilt and worry. With a heated exhale she adds, "I totally understand! Should we make some ground rules between us?"
He frowns forcing her to sense his sadness. With but a second to consider she holds her palms up, "Forget I said that. We're both adults. That was silly of me to bring up."
He perks up with his expression, "Would Damian worry about any rules seeing as he asked such a thing of me?"
Candi nods, "You're so right. This letter was sent 2 weeks ago." Long before Kevin and his friends began filming her she pondered. She wondered why Damian hadn't said anything before now. Escaping her thoughts she blurts, "How much money did he send?"
He pats his hands together and acts as if hes dusting them off, "$800.00! I'm going to add $200.00 for an even Grand. On conditions!"
Her eye brows raise, "Uh-oh! What conditions?"
He smirks, "My money gets to choose 1 outfit and 1 toy."
She bulges her eyes, "JOE! Outfit I might agree with, but a toy? That's kinda risqué of you."
He shook his head, "I suppose so but as he said this is my Father's Day gift. Right?"
She winces for a second, "Yes, but isn't that rather presumptuous? I'll be using something that's always going to remind me of you."
He grins evilly, "I never thought of that. I like the sound of that actually."
She swallows dryly, "Easy for you to say. How do I explain to Damian that I'm having visions of you while I'm playing?" Her eyes bulge even wider at how her words were messy. "Oh, My God! I'm sorry Joe!"
He fidgets, "No worry! I understand." In turn he lowers his gaze almost disappointed.
This makes Candi depressed. "Fine! I'll try to overlook that. Let's just remember this is all for Damian in the end. Can we agree on that?"
"Of course! Horny old man!" He points his own thumb at his chest, "Sorry. You must be off work today? We can go get this over with."
The suggestion sparked a smile, "Okay! Did you find your camera?"
He nods, "Even tested and charged it, just in case. Works still. I just hope the sales people don't freak out on us."
She grits her teeth at that possibility, "How do we get past that?"
Massaging the stubble of his rough facial hair he looks around him when inspiration enters, "Damian had an old leather trench coat I gave him. It should still fit me." He lifts his shirt up some to reveal his belly and pats his well defined abs, "I don't think I've put on a gut that would make it too snug. Do you?"
She tries not to admire his abs but opts to honor him with a glance before puckering, "Get real, Joe! All of you boys work out religiously. Military routine as you say."
She hops up out of the couch and twists on the ball of her foot to walk away going upstairs. As she trotted up the steps he peeked as best as he could at the angle to see more of her beneath the towel. Once out of view his hand reaches down to his crotch and squeezes his girth through his slacks, "Goddamn! I'm going to need to relieve myself after all this."
Ten minutes pass and she returns fully dressed with her hair pinned back in a ponytail. She wore white sweat pants and a maroon hoodie! In her hand was the trench coat, "Here you go. The pockets big enough to hold the camera I think. You can maybe hold the coat and disguise the camera fairly easy. Just don't look obvious. We can only get away with what we can right?"
He nodded standing up to try the coat on for old times sake, "Gently snug. Not bad though. Look good?"
She smiles brightly, "Stud!"
An hours drive later they reached the City. St. Louis, Missouri, to be precise.
Joe had no true idea where to go so they drove around another forty minutes before spotting a mall.
Beginning there he donned the coat and followed Candi into the Mall. The first idea was easy, "Vickie's Secret!" Just outside the store Candi turns to Joe, "Okay! Let me go in and choose some under garments. We can start with those. It looks like the dressing rooms might be secluded enough but it might be creepy to them if an older man stood around waiting on me. Let alone showing off my body to you."
He smirked, "No! I'm going in with you. Let me worry about the sales girls. You just worry about looking sexy for me-er-Damian." He jested with a wink.
She frowned and slapped him on the bicep, "Pervert!"
That he was! He told himself as he trailed behind her. Candi eyed an array of various panties and bras. Selecting a number of them her size she casually examined her situation. All of the sales girls looked busy helping others so she made her way to the dressing rooms. Luckily, she managed to catch a booth where somebody was just leaving to avoid having a worker unlock the door. Slipping in she took a deep breath and slipped her sweats off. This day she ignored any bra and panties from her own personal wardrobe at home. She knew she needed to move quickly and thought ahead.
Trying on first a lavender bra and g-string thong she admired herself in the mirror. Even though trying them on was against policy due to hygiene reasoning, "Oh, Damian's going to love this."
Gathering her strength she pushed back her nerves and creaked the door open. Joe stood at an angle leaning on a garment wheel, camera aimed directly at her . She waited for his wink to open her door further and do a teasing pose and a twist for him to film her bare ass. With a cast wink over her shoulder she tugged the string out of her butt crack and bent over to reveal her bare ass hole. Standing swiftly erect she blew the camera a kiss and whispered, "I love you, Damian."
Having seen her ass hole made Joe swallow. His thoughts were just plain evil, "That's something you don't see every day. Oh, wait, I saw that four hours ago. How forgetful I am." He loved his own wit.
Another knock of warning she posed in a red set that gifted him a view of her nipples. She was fully aware how pointy they were as she let a finger tease around the areola of her right breast. As quickly as she showed up to pose she vanished. He told himself the showing's were too short.
Three more times she opened that door before coming out in her sweats. She stepped over to him, "Well? Which ones should I buy?"
He puckers, "Black, red, and lavender. With your blond hair so light those colors enhance you better. Even with the tanned skin."
She nods, "Good eye, Dad!" She looks around at other garments, "Nightee? No, too baggy looking. Lace teddy?" She stepped away to thoroughly look over what the store had to offer.
Finally, without warning a sales girl approached Joe catching him off guard. "May I help you, Sir?"
He twists burying the camera in the leather, "Just waiting on my Daughter. She insisted I take her shopping for clothes. Unlucky me!"
The sales girl smiled faintly, "Awkward! Sorry! Should I offer to help her find anything?"
"That could prove deadly! She's rather standoffish. Let her discover her own treasures. See you at the checkout?" The girl gracefully left him to his serenity. And, his hard on.
Candi found a number of teddy's and vanished into her changing stall. Each time she opened the door Joe nearly burst in his pants. This latest ensemble of black shoestring teddy revealed massive cleavage and nipple action. Flesh displayed all the way down her front to her g-string panties. She chose to buy two sets.
Cashing out at the register she got away with under $200.00. Not bad she thought.
Making their way through the mall she spotted a shoe store and led him inside. Within she discovered a pair of stiletto heels. She laughed at herself, "Dare i break a leg? A cast isn't very sexy."
He chuckled, "Be careful. I'll catch you."
Grinning she sat down and rolled her sweat pants up to her knees. Then, she began lacing the heels over her feet and calves. Once ready he helped her stand. The height now put her at 5 foot 6. She learned how to walk in them with Joe right there ready to balance her. It took no time at all for her to master the shoes striding around like a runway model. Joe caught it all on camera for laughter.
He then paused and had a brilliant idea. He pocketed the camera and draped the coat out for her to wear. Even with the height being altered she was drowning in the shoulders. The coat was built for a broad man. She liked his idea though, "You thinking what I'm thinking?"
Paying for the shoes they left. Within ten minutes they spotted some casual women's trench coats in a retail shop window. Within she tried on a number of coats before finding one that fit her as near to perfect as her form could fit into. Settling on the white coat they paid for it and moved on.
After an hour passed they gave up at the mall and went to the parking lot. Installing her bags in the trunk they got inside the car and sat there. "Where to now?" He uttered distressed by the tightness of his slacks.
She looked at him blushing then turned her attention outside the window. "I'm sorry I have this effect on you, Joe! Thank you for helping me though. Damian will love our choices."
"I'm certain he will. And, it's okay. Like I told you it's been a good long while. Too much info for you I'm sure."
She giggles faintly, "It's long past that, Joe! I'm fine by it. Speak freely, just keep in mind I'm your son's wife."
He groans, "I know! I know! But if I'm speaking freely, just how do you expect me not to get hard seeing your nipples and ass hole so often? Not that I'm complaining. God sure didn't offer you any flaws."
"Oh, I have my flaws. Shyness was always a nasty camper. I've changed a lot there because of Damian though. I'm feeling more and more at ease around you Joe. I feel very safe."
He looks out his own side window while clutching his crotch, "How much longer I can't promise." She sits silent until he turns with a wink, "I'm joking! Let's get going. We passed an adult store about two miles back. Let's see what they have."
Rolling her eyes she bites her lower lip, "You're the driver!"
Traffic heavy it took them roughly 14 minutes to reach the Adult Bookstore which was called, "Pony'S EXpress", which they got a chuckle out of. The bookstore they discovered was also the name of a strip club connected to it. That made Candi nervous. She had never even been near a strip club. Even though Damian always made her dance and strip for him in private. He would talk about it all through the night. She began to bite her nail again while sitting there in the car facing the building.
"What did I tell you about biting your nail?"
She paused and looked at him, "Bad habit! I was just thinking of Damian."
He puckered, "In front of a toy store. Sounds kinky." She stabs a glance at him without talking and lets him read into her thoughts as hard as that might be. He creases his brow and looks at the store, then the dance club entrance. He shrugs at her, "What am I missing?"
She sighs heavily, "I'm trying to get my nerve's under control. Let's go look for a toy and let me calm down."
He opens his car door and they both exit the interior. Locking up they move onward into the store.
Within they immediately hear music. Candi smiled, "I love this song." It was Motley Crue's "Girls Girls Girls". She scans the shelves from the doorway and begins her entrance.
Joe waves at the cashier eying them, a beefy man with a goatee and glasses. He merely nods with a timid grin noting the age difference before giving Joe a thumbs up. That made Joe smile, "He thinks Candi and I are a couple. Thanks Fella. Made my day."
He watches them as Joe moves behind Candi holding a vibrator. She blushes as Joe leans over her, fingers touching the package. She shivered and whispered, "Easy Dad! I got this." She giggles up at him and moves on with it in her hand. He merely follows along behind closely.
With the music she subconsciously begins dancing and writhing her hips. Joe watched her closely and wanted to videotape her but refrained from doing so. He noted a sign saying no cameras or cellphones over the entrance of the dance club. He presumed the same for the store. Yet, he neglected to leave it in the car.
She found a clothing spindle and looked it over discovering a pink latex body suit. It zipped up in front from cleavage clear down to clit territory. It was even in her size. She immediately snatched it up. Fake white fur boots caught her eye too. Trying one on she dropped her jaw. "Oh, my God! These are awesome. I can act like a cat in a video to Damian."
Joe chuckled as he spotted a sex swing dangling in the corner of the store with a blow up doll in it. "Maybe we should buy this and send it to Damian overseas. We could name her AIRica!" She burst out laughing at Joe's remark.
"No! But, I like the swing idea. I have more than enough money don't I?" He grins sheepishly, "I'm sure you do. But, even if you didn't it would be my gift."
She hugs his arm tightly and lays her head on his bicep, "Thank you, Joe!"
Her 34D's on his arm felt too good to be true.
Another song caught her attention and she hopped up and down letting her tits bounce as she got into the beat. She moved around the store floor until she heard clapping to her left. It wasn't Joe, he was to her right. Who?
Her attention averted she stops her dancing. In her field of vision was a Stripper in a tight black leather bikini standing in the interior entrance to the club. She smiles with beguiling eyes, "Don't stop. You're a good dancer."
Joe puckered at the raven haired beauty who neglected to notice him. Instead he watched the girl not much older than Candace approach her. "Hi, I'm Kody! You should try out here. The club has open stage right now. You would be brilliant compared to the skanks crawling out of the wood work."
Candi stood speechless then stutters, "As fun as that sounds I'm not certain my Husband would like that." Behind her Joe clears his throat. Candi in turn averts her gaze to her Father-in-law.
Joe steps closer, "Can you hold that thought Kody?"
The girl raises a brow, "Your Husband?"
Candi in turn shakes her head, "Father-in-law! Long story, not what you think." She then follows Joe into a huddle.
"This has possibilities, Candi. One we hadn't considered. Damian would encourage it don't you think?"
She sighs trembling, "He would! And, that was sort of what I was thinking about in the car. I noticed a sign outside saying it was Open Stage! I just didn't know if I had the nerve. Or, if it was too much for your faint heart."
He sneers at heart, "Thanks for thinking of the old fogey. I'll dial 9-1-1 on my own if I get that worked up. I think you should do it."
"Yeah, but there would be no proof I did it besides your word. It's illegal here to use any cameras."
Kody had overheard her remark, "Sorry to eavesdrop but I can help you with that."
Both Candi and Joe look in her direction. Simultaneously they blurt, "Seriously?" to which they laugh at each other.
"Really." Kody lowers her voice, "I'll act like I'm entertaining him while you dance. He can video you while I block the view of the bouncers. Besides that I can keep the Bouncer's away with two words, "Private Dance"."
Candi shivers fanning her flushed face, "I don't have anything to wear." Joe leans over and lifts the fur boots and pink jumpsuit, "Start with these."
Kody frowns, "Jump suit no. Just my advice. It's too hard to get out of." The stripper twists in her heels and eyes the clothing available. Choosing wisely she finds a blinged out black g-string bottom and a black laced up vest. "Try these with the boots."
Candi turns beet red, "Wow! Joe are you sure I should do this?"
He nods, "Damian can fight me over giving you permission. Go have fun."
Kody snatched up her hand, "Come on! Follow me! I'll help you get ready."
Joe follows them through the door as a Bouncer starts to get up and greet him. Before he rises Kody stops and races back to him whispering in his ear. That forces the big biker type guy to grunt and grin like a cheshire cat. He then waves Joe through. Joe then struts around the room watching the other stages as the dancers flaunted their stuff. He then settles in at the thin strip of bar bordering a dance floor marked for "OPEN STAGE"
A waitress takes his order as he opts to buy a bottle of beer. Sitting back in his chair he watched a number of other would be talent's try their hands at dancing. None compared to Candi's beauty and near perfect body.
Twenty minutes pass before Kody slithers in Joe's direction, scooting a neighboring chair directly next to him. She sat down and slid her arm under his, "She's sooooo HOT! Your son's a lucky man."
He nods with a grin that expressed the crow's feet around his eye, "We all are. Candi's been an awesome addition to the family. We all love her."
Kody leans forward and eyes Joe's erection. "I can see that."
He puckers with a look of amazement then bites his lip.
Kody then whispers, "Camera ready? She's on next."
They draw closer together as Joe sneaks the camcorder out masking it's glaring light with his coat sleeve. Kody giggles, "Trust me! Nobody will say anything as long as I'm next to you."
Taking her word for it he removes his sleeve and poises the camcorder higher. As the music started Joe could see Candi's silhouette amid a blinding light behind the stage. A D.J. introduced her loudly, "Welcome to our New Talent Stage the Purrrrrrrrfect Sex Kitten! Let's give a big round of Apaw"s toooooooo...FLUFFY!"
Joe blurted out a laugh asking Kody if that was her idea.
Kody admitted it was as Candi grew brave enough to follow the music sensually. The song was "Janet Jackson's," Black Cat".
At first Candi/Fluffy crawled on all fours erotically toward Joe and Kody. Joe was capturing every prowl with anticipation. As the beat rose so did Candi sitting on her feet waving her legs wide like butterfly wings and rolling the palms of her hands over her inner thighs. Fingertips tap at her clit covered by the skimpy G-string. She took a big step and tugged her thong down to reveal her thin strip of pubic hair and stroked it like a cat.
Joe wanted to burst as he zoomed in on her fingers. Once her hands moved away he saw her stand up and reach out for the dancer's pole. She used her nails to scratch at it like a scratching post, lowering her body around the pole and rising back up time and time again. She moved into position to show the pole between her legs rubbing her thighs along the gleaming chrome and stroking it like a huge cock.
Joe was mesmerized as Kody snuck her hand under him to pinch his erection. She wanted to know if he could be distracted. His attention was solely on Candi. Kody grinned to herself thinking, "Daddy's gotta crush!"
As the song escalated Candi rose swiftly to her feet and spun around the pole with building speed. She shocked herself as she threw her legs up to dangle upside down on the pole. Crossing her legs on the pole she held herself suspended as she unlaced her black top. Utilizing her teeth she kneaded at the strings until her shirt was totally open. She then moved her cups wide to let her stunning 34D's bound out into freedom. The sensation made Candi wet as hell. She then squeezed her tits together while loosening her legs to slide slowly down the floor on to her back.
Her hands still crushing her tits she fanned her legs wide and used the image of the pole to appear like it was fucking her pussy. She released her chest and tilted her head back to peer at Joe mouthing out, "FUCK ME, DAMIAN!" with alluring eyes. Joe merely nodded "YES!" thinking to himself that she said, "FUCK ME DADDY!"
Kody shook her head at his actions as she curled her fingers toward Candi coaxing her to them. She spotted her luring effect and swung a leg around the pole to roll over on to her stomach letting her breasts trail the floor.
Kody's jaw dropped at just how sexy Candi was making this dance. She had serious potential.
As Candi prowled toward the camera she eyed Joe as a mouse and stopped mere feet from him leaving just enough room to position herself for a tuck and tumble on to her back. Landing stealthily her ass landed perfectly on the edge of the stage right in front of Joe and Kody.
She fanned her legs out again and let Joe zoom in as she again pulled her G-string down to pet her pubic hair while she looked up licking her lips. A swift set of pats to her clit sends her legs over her head again to return to her belly. Once there she resumed her dance on all fours back to the pole.
Using it to stand she began spinning again for a few beats before stalking around the entire stage. She noted that a group of men were moving all around to watch her up close. The vision appealed to her greatly and flashed her thoughts back to Kevin and his friends the other night. Their cum was suddenly like cat's milk in her mind. It inspired her.
Money slapped on the bar from three sets of men hoping to garner her attention. A glance toward Joe found a thumbs up. She then sat up on her knees and let a man plant his face between her breasts. Crushing their profile she eased away feeling a set of lips lightly graze her left areola. Fire shot between her legs at that moment. It made her go into a pawing frenzy all over her revealed flesh. A swift movement made her discard her vest and toss it away. This left her totally topless. The man then reached over to place a $10 bill beneath the band of her G-string. She reached down and tugged it closer to her pussy.
Prowling with a seductive look away from that man she moved four feet to his left to another and scooted to her butt cheeks with ease. At the ledge's edge she pulled herself closer then layed backwards on her hands. She lifted both legs until her fur boots tickled the man's neckline drawing him closer.
The gent lowered his face toward her G-string until he could almost kiss it. Her scent drove him nuts. Another glance toward Joe for encouragement gave her yet another thumbs up. This time though Kody stood up and motioned with her own G-string to remove it. In response Candi grit her teeth and returned a smile at the man with eye contact between her legs.
He had been petting her boot fur hoping to inspire Candi. It did. Finally she raised her hips high using his shoulders to support her weight. She then grinded her hips sensually. Falling further back to her shoulder blades allowed her hands to roll over her breasts and down her tummy. Fingers slip beneath her thong teasing him with a wet finger before gliding it up her body to place the finger in her lips. She then sucked on it for a few seconds to gather interest of the crowd.
Leaving her pouting lips the hand returns to the man who was now rubing his palms along her hips near the thong's bands. With her help she reached down and lifted both hip bands for his hands to slide under. He did so snarling with a smile.
Once under them she curled the two bands around his fingers and winked at him. The man wasn't sure how far to go so she put an index finger to her lips to exhale, "Shhh!" Before wiggling her way out of her thong. He kept a tight hold on the strings at the risk of trouble. Yet he soon realized that she was intent on crawling completely free of her thong.
A loud roar from a gathering group behind her made her smile as her pussy felt a rush of air on the moistness of her lips. Continued crawling led the thong over her thighs and down to her knees before the man took control and guided them over her boots. She was totally free now. Naked save for her boots. A glance at Joe who's jaw had dropped made her note that he had unintentionally let the camera dangle away from her. This sparked her to offer him a troubled look. Kody noticed and took the camera from him and stood up to start filming herself.
A smile from Candi forced her to stalk toward Joe. She paused to lift an index finger at Joe and whisper, "BAD BOY!" for dropping the focus. She crawled like a hunting panther at Joe causing him to swallow hard. His daughter-in-law was right in front of him totally naked and teasing him. Or was it Damian? Who cares he thought.
She swiveled her legs around to face Joe and once again laid back to spread her legs like a butterfly. Her pussy gaped wide with each fanning motion.
He began drooling as she sat up sliding her body over the ledge to crawl into his lap. A huge NO NO! Kody knew but she managed to motion for the bouncers to hold back. Even for a few minutes.
Candi threw her arms around Joe's neck and crushed her tits into his face. Her hips began to grind in his lap feeling his massive hard on. She lost focus and envisioned Damian. He and his Father looked very much alike. She leaned in and whispered, "Fuck me Damian! God i need you." Kody had zoomed in catching her every word.
Finally, Kody nudged her off, "You have to get back on stage or they'll kick you out."
Candi broke away to Joe's cursing and returned to the stage. Joe immediately leapt up and told her, "Don't stop! Make some money! They love you! Do it for Damian!"
His encouragement drove her into returning to the crowd. It was breathtaking their response to her. Never in a million years did she think she could get this much attention.
The song ended allowing her to gather her senses. A chant circulated with a roar, "ONE MORE DANCE! ONE MORE DANCE!"
Joe stood up and showed her 2 thumbs high. She giggled and caught her breath. Agreeing she looked at Kody who paused to yell up at the DJ, "Play, "LOVE ME TENDER!"
Candi's eyes dropped along with her jaw. Damian loved to slow dance to that song. She needed to make this special. Applause increased around her as the music started.
She eased over to the stripper pole and circled in slowly as if dancing with Damian. Hugging it for a few notes before sliding down to sit Indian style around the pole before laying backwards. She merely rolled her hands over her body seductively. Fingers dipping between her legs made her back arch. It was illegal to play with a vagina on stage but she didn't stay at it for long. Kody again pointed at the Bouncer's to loosen up. She wanted Candi to let go completely.
A few moments of writhing to the songs flavor she rolled away from the pole and stalked toward the crowd that hadn't gotten her full effect earlier. Reaching them she sat on the ledge and let three different men slow dance with her standing up between her legs. She embraced them tenderly and let them hold her tightly. Their hands roaming up and down her back to the crack of her ass. She lost herself thinking of Damian and launched herself into one of the men wrapping her legs around him. He danced with her supporting her weight but his hands lowered to palm her ass cheeks. Another Big NO NO!
Kody took the camera with her as she walked over to her, "Sweetheart! Get back on the stage!"
The man sat her back on the ledge and moved away to let another man take his place. This man leaned in and nuzzled her neck making her feel Damian's breath. So inviting!
Her eyes closed and allowed him to kiss her throat. Suddenly, a Bouncer moved in to nudge Kody aside. He taps the man's shoulder. "No kissing, dude! She doesn't work here. We can get closed down."
Joe in turn made his way behind the Bouncer, "It's okay! Candi? I think it's time to go."
She escaped her trance and pouted, "Let the song finish. Let me dance with somebody. Please!"
Kody pats the Bouncer, "Turn away for three more minutes." The thug grumbled and moved back. Kody then handed Joe the camera, "Still rolling, Daddio!"
Candi swiveled her butt cheeks around to face away from the stage and leaned back with her arms wide. A man slowly moved in to wrap his arms around her waist. In response Joe stepped back toward his own seat for a better view with the camera.
He noted the man hugging her from behind and sliding his palms all over her belly down to the top of her pubic hair. Candi reached down and claimed his hands drawing them up to let him squeeze her breasts together. Joe looked back at Kody holding the Bouncers at bay. He was amazed.
The man inhaled her shoulders as his hands pinched her nipples. Her own hands slid behind her to roll her fingers through his hair. As the song progressed she pulled away and bent over on the floor to arch her ass toward the man and the ones next to him. Her ass hole shown brightly as one of her hands reached around and rubbed her cheek. A curled finger attracted the men to risk everything and rub their own fingers on her ass. A thumb even pressed gently into her anal cavity.
She moaned gently then crawled away slightly to roll over on to her back and drag herself back to the ledge. A man whistled and stepped up actually pressing his concealed erection over her pussy. Her fur boots sensually rubbed up his thighs. He then sprinkled a flutter of $5 bills all over her. Easily $30 bucks worth. His buddy nudged him aside and rubbed his own cock over her pussy as she squeezed her tits.
Mesmerized by the show Joe kept losing focus again. Kody slipped in behind him reaching around Joe to again pinch his erection, "Better take her and this home. What you do with it is your business. Here's $200. She won this contest hands down."
This time Joe noticed her touching his erection. "Song's over, anyway."
He nodded, "Yeah! Thanks for helping Kody."
The raven haired beauty smiles, "Bring her back. There's always other Open Stage's. I kind of think folks will remember her."
Song fading Candi sat up and thanked the men for their generosity. She then stood up and gathered her money and clothing. Meeting Joe she stood in front of him dressing. "Did you get everything?"
He smirked, "Mostly! Might have lost my way a few times but our new friend here saved the day."
Candi smiled and climbed off the stage to hug Kody. "You're the best, Kody!"
The Stripper flicked up a business card between her fingers which she kept tucked away in her bikini top, "Call me sometime. We can do shots. Bring the big fella here."
Another stripper approached them and handed Candi her sweats. "You were fantastic! You interested in a job?"
Joe peps up, "Oh No! My son would kill her if it was an every day thing. Let's go, Fluffy!"
Dressing swiftly over her boots, shirt slipped on, Candi hugged Kody once more and waved at all the men still lingering close. Then as Candi went by the Bouncer's she stopped and offered them a hug, "Thank You! All of You!"
Joe looked away and stood in the doorway to the store. In the lobby the bearded man behind the counter held up a bag, "Stuff you were looking at. On the house! Enjoy!"
She smiled brightly and thanked him on the way out. She literally bounced all the way to the car.
Unlocked and now sitting inside, Candi looked over at Joe. "Too much you think?"
He fidgeted, "I didn't call 9-1-1!"
She giggled, "No you didn't. There's still time!'
He raised an eye brow, "What's that supposed to mean?"
In response she crawled over him crushing her tits in his face at an angle. She had reached down and found the seats remote. Suddenly, the drivers seat hummed backwards. Then, the back reclined. She then pulled away into her own seat. With a happy glare at him she paused with pressed lips, "We are NOT driving home in your state. Pull that monster out and jerk off for me. It's the least I can do. I won't admit this to Damian. Even though I despise lying to him."
He turns pale, "Are you certain?"
She fidgets then reaches over and locates the zipper head. She pulls it down, "I'm not pulling it out, Joe! On your own. I'll just sit back and watch. Think of Kody naked."
He eases his fingers in and peels his boxers open to claim his 8 inch beast. With a deep exhale he whips it into sight. "You're going to regret this, Candi!"
He let her admire it as she realized that she wasn't blushing. After her performance she should get an Oscar. Finally she rests her head on her hand propped on the window jam. "No regret! I freaking straddled you naked. I looked at you and saw Damian. I should be sorry but I'm not. I appreciate how far you let me go. You were amazing."
He grinned and began stroking his cock a few times before stopping, "Feel's wrong, suddenly! I can't think of Kody after you grinding in my lap."
She fidgeted, "I can sit here all night. Not leaving until you feel better."
He sighs and starts to use the remote to ease the seat back upward when she growls, "Put that seat back!" She then grits her teeth and reaches over to massage his cock back and forth.
He sat wide-eyed then lowered the seat. "You don't have to do this, Candi!"
"Dad, shut up while I'm still mustering the nerve to do this."
Long hard strokes forced him to moan and reach out to palm her profile, "You're a good, Daughter-in-law."
She rolls her eyes, "Quiet, Mister! Moan's only."
Rapidly she gripped his cock utilizing both hands after repositioning to do so. He turned red and could feel things mounting up for an eruption. He wanted to savor this moment. It would most likely never happen again.
One of her palms squeezes his crown lightly twisting it like a knob. She sighs, "It almost looks like Damian's."
She suddenly began thinking of her Husband losing her thoughts to him like in the bar. Suddenly, she leaned over and opened her jaws wide to feed on the crown before lowering over the shaft. She sucked on it for two minutes before letting off to examine its girth, "Oh, Damian! Your dick tastes so yummy. Cum for me!"
Joe's eyes bulged. She was picturing his son. Should he stop her? A fast response was to snatch the back of her head and force her back over his cock. She loved it and swallowed as deeply as she could until he blew a gasket and flooded her throat. Her hair madly displayed over his waist he couldn't see her expression. She lapped up every single drop before she kissed the head and pulled up to wisp the hair away from her.
She settled back in her seat as he laid there exhausted. There was silence as he zipped up and started the car.
For the next hour of driving they said nothing. Finally, Candi opened up, "Forgive me?"
He literally stopped in the road and looked at her, "No! You need to forgive me."
She smiled faintly, "That was really weird. Your cum tasted great by the way." she said wincing.
He chuckled and pulled her over for a hug, "Thanks, I think. You were incredibly sexy on that stage. How did that feel?"
She sighed puckering, "It took everything I had not to masturbate on that stage."
Joe shook his head, "Yea! And, I think those guys there at the end were dry humping you. That was erotic as hell. To be honest with you I was tempted to go over there and cut in. Figured that might look bad though."
She giggled, "Absolutely, Bad! I'm not sure I could have continued had you done that."
He shook his head negatively, "Hell, I could have stood over you and acted like Damian. I think you would have fucked me right then and there."
She slaps his arm, "I try not to think of that! Stop it! Take us home. I have a toy to test out!"
He continued on. Hoping he could video that before going home to his lonely house.
Joe would definitely suggest it!