"You stink like a toilet, Veena." Vivek said to me as soon as Suja left for the day after her set of imparting humiliation.
"Go and take a bath now, we may have guests." Vivek continued.
I was happy to hear this; my ordeal was coming to an end. I immediately rushed to the bathroom and started to take my bath. I even sang my bathroom song as I was really happy. I as I was soaping myself, I touched my clit and the memories of being humiliated today in the open by Vivek and Suja came to me and I started masturbating hard. I rubbed on my clit and gradually progressed in fingering myself. Oh the sensation was really awesome. I came so hard like in my college days. It was so good; I was taken back to the sweet memories of our college hostel humiliation days.
It was the first year of my college and our hostel was far from the boys' hostel. But unlike the boys' hostel, where first years had a separate hostel, the girls' hostel was all mixed between first to final years. There were two girls in one room and my roommate was Archana. I immediately liked Archana as she was a bold character and was a city girl. The first week was spent getting used to the hostel and college rules and timings.
Once when I and Archana were returning from the hostel mess after dinner on a Friday night, we were stopped in the corridor by a senior girl.
"First year?" Was all she asked.
"Yes." Both of us replied together.
"Ok, go to room number 340 on the third floor." The senior girl told us.
We didn't have the courage to ask why, because we understood it meant only one thing, introduction to seniors! We had to go to the room 340 or else the seniors were bound to find us out and it could be worse then. We slowly walked the steps to the third floor and reached the door of room number 340. I was wearing a white top and pyjama and Archana was wearing a shirt and an ankle length skirt. We saw a lot of foot wear outside the door and realized we needed to remove our foot wear too to enter. We removed our slippers and knocked on the door.
"Who's it?" A strong voice from inside greeted us.
"First years, Veena and Archana." Archana replied.
I don't know why Archana stressed First years. But the door opened slightly.
"Remove your footwear and leave them outside." Someone from inside commanded us.
The door closed as soon as we squeezed thru the space between the open door. The room was dimly lit, infact the lights were switched off and only a red zero watt bulb was on. It took me some time to get adjusted to the lack of lighting in the room. When I finally got adjusted to the lighting, I saw that there were about 16 people in the room. The senior girls were all seated facing the standing students infront of them. The junior girls were afraid and it was evident even in the dim light. I noticed that there were about 6 senior girls and about 10 junior girls. Now the count became 12 junior girls, which included me and Archana.
"Why were you late?" One senior girl asked us.
"We, eh.., we just got called." Archana stammered a reply.
"Doesn't this one have tongue?" Another senior asked pointing at me.
"Yes, didi (we call our seniors)." I replied.
"Stand in line you two." It was the first senior again to both of us.
We immediately joined the other junior girls.
Another senior got up and said "Do any one know, why we are gathered around here? Did someone in your batch who had gone thru this initiation tell you?"
"No." All of us replied together.
"Good, we are gathered here to know each other fully. All of us come from different background, have different likes and dislikes, and look different. We are going to explore these differences and be one." She continued her speech.
It was comforting to here such a mild tone, unlike the one which greeted us initially.
"Since we are different, there is a uniform for all junior girls when they enter the 3rd floor of this hostel. Two of your batch mates who came in early are already dressed in their uniform and will show you the designs. He he he..." She stopped with all the senior girls laughing aloud.
I did not understand the joke at that point, but we all kept quiet. That's when we heard another knock on the door.
"Who is it?" one of the senior girls inquired, without opening the door.
"First years in uniform and ready." We heard a not so confident, low sound outside the door.
"he he he..., someone let them in." It was the senior girl who was addressing us.
Suddenly someone switched on the lights and opened the doors. The sudden lighting blinded us and we could not see the girls that entered for some time.
"Aah!" It was one of the junior girls among us on seeing the so called uniform.
The junior girls that had just walked in were naked as the day they were born. They had no clothes and wore a headband on which 'first year' was printed. Now we understood why the seniors were laughing when they told us about our uniform. They wanted us stripped naked, whenever they called us to the third floor. I could see the fear on the face of the other girls among us.
"Ok girls, this is your uniform. Now please pick your head band from the cupboard and get into uniform or the lack of it now." It was the senior girl who had been addressing us till now.
We just stood there looking at each other and not moving at all. All of us were so afraid to even ask any question, when suddenly a shivery voice from us said;
"Please madam, please! I am from a village background, reputed family. Please don't make me do this."
"Who was that?" It was another senior girl. "Come here."
The girl who spoke slowly walked towards the senior. She was wearing a short kurtha and a skirt. She had a good body shape and we could see she was skinny underneath all that dress.
"First rule, do not disobey your seniors. Since you spoke first, you will remove first. Get naked now." The last sentence came like an angry order rather than the usual calm tone.
The first year started sobbing and started to remove her kurtha and then came off her skirt. As she was standing in her bra and panties, well we could not call them panties as they were more looking like underwear and nothing fancy. She was hugging on to the last pieces of her clothing as if not wanting to let go.
"Off with them girl. By the way, what is your name?" It was the senior girl again.
"Nah, doesn't matter. You will be skinny for us for now. Let's us see the rest of it too." After saying this to 'skinny', the senior girl signaled the other senior girls.
The other senior girls stood up and started walking towards all of us. They were now getting into action.
"Off with your clothes, let us see you all naked. He he he..." It was another senior girl from the gang.
All of us started to remove our dresses and started stacking them besides us. Most of us were now in our bra and panty, except for one girl who was not wearing any panties. I think she was called for when she was preparing to go to bed. Anyways this caught the attention of one of the senior and she pointed out to the others and said "looks like this one is in a hurry. He he he..."
"I don't have all day. Remove them fast skinny." It was the first senior shouting at the skinny girl from our group. She was still in her bra and underwear.
The yelling by the first senior made most of us remove our remaining clothes faster. There we were first years to the college, a group of 14 junior girls, naked as the day we were born. The skinny girl was also now stripped and was naked. The skinny girl also joined us as our clothes lay in heaps near us. One of the senior girls came and took away the heap of clothes, whilst we all looked on scared to even ask were our clothes were being taken to.
If it were not for this situation, it would have been a wonderful site for the dominating type of girls. Though I was naked, I could not stop admiring most of the first years besides me. There was this one girl, who was really fair and nice boobs. Another one had a clean shaven pussy, I think it was waxed, rather than shaved, because it was so smooth. As I was admiring other naked females, our seniors were also admiring us.
"Ok bitches, split into two rows. One's on the right with hair and the shaved ones to the left. Quick, we can't waste time; you ladies got lot of tasks to be done." It was the leader senior again.
I realized that this division was to heighten our humiliation further. We slowly started moving to right or left basis, if we had pubic hair or not. Although the room was small, there was so much care being taken by us not to touch each other even by mistake. Once we were in two rows, there were six shaved girls on the left and eight with pubic hairs on the right.
"Ok, shaved bitches off to your tasks. My friend here will explain to your tasks."
One of the senior girls started giving away tasks to the six girls one by one. Three of them were asked to go to separate rooms on the third floor to clean the respective rooms. The seniors were making us do chores in the naked. We were also going to be supervised by the senior girls. I understood that this night was a night of total humiliation. two others from the shaved category were asked to wash clothes in the bathroom. The only girl left was the cute one that I had noticed earlier. She was standing there scared and naked.
"Ok dear, go to the cupboard and fetch us the razor from there. Since you are an expert in shaving pussy hairs, you will now shave these hairy ladies clean. This is your task today." The senior girl gave her the task. I later learned her name was Elveena.
Elveena took the razor from the cupboard with trembling hands and came to the first of the haired girl in our group. The other shaved girls had left naked from the room to do their tasks. I think the girl who was to be shaved by Elveena had not shaved for atleast 3 months, there was so much hair on her.
"Start with her underarms, Elveena." It was the first time we heard a senior address anyone of us by our name.
"Ok hairy babe, lift your arms and let Elveena shave them dear." It was the senior instructing the hairy girl.
The hairy girl slowly raised her arms and Elveena, sprinkled some water and started soaping her underarms. Slowly she then started shaving the girl's underarms and cleaning the hair of the razor in the water mug. Elveena efficiently finished the underarm of the girl also. Now it was time for the pubic hair. The hairy girl had been standing all while, with legs together. There was silence in the room from the junior girls; the senior girls were meanwhile enjoying the show. Elveena slowly started shaving the pubic hair, with the hairy girl still in the same position.
"Spread your legs, hairy or how else will she see and clean you?" The senior girl instructed to the hairy girl.
"Or do one thing, sit on the floor and spread your legs. And when she has shaved your pussy, lie on the floor and lift your legs and spread your ass." The instructions followed.
It was humiliating to see one of us lying on the floor with her legs straight in the air and another girl shaving her ass for any hairs. Elveena completed the shaving of hairy girls and stood up and looked at the senior girl. Elveena had to kneel down inorder to clearly shave the hairy girl as she was lying on the floor.
"Come here hairy, oh sorry, not hairy now. But I like to call you hairy." The name fixing was done by the senior girl.
The hairy girl walked to the senior girl who was seated on the chair. The senior girl took a pair of gloves and wore them and started rubbing the first year girl who had been just shaved by Elveena in her pubic area.
"Spread your legs!" The senior girl wanted to inspect thoroughly.
The senior started inspecting the ass and suddenly inserted her fingers inside the girl's pussy and started rubbing her clit. The girl in all the excitement gave a gasp. The senior girl finally released her said
"Go to room number 344, you will get your task there."
On hearing this, the hairy girl slowly walked and opened the door and left the room. We were all now waiting our turn of humiliation and knew that it was going to continue the whole night. Many more of us was shaved and sent to different rooms. Finally there were only myself, Archana and another of our classmate, whom we had met in our class yesterday. Her name was Sanu. It was her turn to be shaved and she went to Elveena to be shaved. By now we were used to the shaving the process as we had been witnessing Elveena shaving the girls before us. The routine was simple, stand in front of Elveena, then sit on the floor and spread your legs. Elveena would shave between your legs and then get up, bend over and spread your ass cheeks. Elveena would shave there also, even if there was nothing there. I was beginning to wonder if Elveena was enjoying her task.
Elveena slowly put in a new blade in the razor and lathered up Sanu's pubic area. She did the first stroke on the left side and when she about to do the 2nd stroke, the senior's mobile phone rang.
"Hello. Hmm... ok, sounds fun." We could only hear the senior's side.
"We just have three now with us, all others are on their room tasks. Ok, fine. Bring them. I will get these three ready." The senior girl continued over the phone. But it did not sound anything good for us.
"Listen, my dear naked juniors, it seems to be your lucky day today. The others will miss this, but you get to enjoy." The senior was addressing us, and we were listening without a clue of what was in stock for us.
"It seems the senior boys have discovered a new game for their juniors and want to know if we would participate. As you would by now have understood that I am happy to participate in any fun games, I have agreed." Saying this, the senior girl asked one another senior girl to fetch her three handkerchiefs from the cupboard.
The senior girl then continued, "I will give all three of you a handkerchief each. Each of you can cover your face or anything else with it. And you see those windows there, you need to stand there. That is your task. The senior boys are bringing their junior boys by the window downstairs, so all the best."
This is was the ultimate task of humiliation we would endure. We were given a handkerchief to cover ourselves and display ourselves to the boys now. The kerchief was a tease, so that we are given the option to cover our face which would be our identity or our nakedness meaning our humiliation.
"Get ready now, go to the windows. Elveena, you can stop shaving and since you did a good job of shaving, you can start giving me a leg massage." Saying this, the senior girl stretched her legs on to the small table infront of her and Elveena proceeded to massage her legs.
We got to the window and stood there facing to the road below. The windows were full size windows with glass and faced on to the road outside. Our girl's hostel was in such a fashion that one side faced the college while the other side faced the road outside. We looked at each other. I was at the center window, whilst Archana was to my right and Sanu to my left. That's when I saw some people walking on the road from the left side approaching below our window. I immediately covered my face and seeing this Archana and Sanu also did the same and covered their faces. We could hear the senior girls laughing their hearts out behind us.
"So you bitches are interested in displaying yourself to the boys." Some senior girl said in between laughs.
"Di, the junior boys are naked as these girls di." One of the senior girls was telling the others.
The other senior girls also came rushing to the window and started laughing. We could not see anything as we were covering our faces with the kerchief and displaying our nakedness to the boys below.
"I know that lad in the center; I met him in the morning today. He got a nice dick." It was the senior girls admiring the naked boys downstairs and commending to each other.
"It's no fun like this, look the boys don't get to cover anything, and then why should these girls cover their faces?" We got scared hearing this and held tightly to our kerchief.
"Leave it, the boys might be their classmates and we should not encourage first years to mingle." It was the senior leader girl.
This gave us some relief. That's when we heard the whistle from security guard and heard running steps. The boys must have been found by the security and they must have run to their rooms to avoid being caught.
We heard the senior girls laugh and pull me along with the others in a sitting position so that the security did not us and our state of display. After this we were also shaved, but this time Sanu did the shaving as Elveena was busy pressing the senior's legs. We were then sent to different rooms with tasks to be done.
"Veena, are you not done bathing? The guests will be here in 15 minutes." I was woken from my day dreaming by the voice of Vivek.
He was reminding me about the guests. I was so endorsed in my thoughts during my bath, after all the morning humiliation. But little did I know what was to come now.