Sofia (21 yrs.) is a dark red-head (38-24-34) whose long hair reaches her tight buttocks. She writes for an internet-blog focusing on college athletes. She follows the wrestlers closely with every tournament. The coaches let her sit on the ground floor so that she can take photos. Sofia chooses favorite athletes so that she can get them into bed.
It's a cold November Friday night. The wrestling tournament is underway inside the college gym. It is very competitive. Sofia wears a thick college sweater and a short white skirt. She sits on a chair with both of her legs crossed. The long red hair falls down over her large breasts. She's been taking good photos of each wrestler.
Eli (20 yrs.) has caught her eye and she admires the muscles on his body. His broad shoulders are prominent. He stands at 5'10'' and weighs 195 lbs. His brown hair sticks out of the head gear. He just won his wrestling match and Sofia decides to get his attention. Eli's hand is raised as the winner.
Sofia waves at Eli and then opens her legs wide. She has no panties on underneath the white skirt. Her red pussy becomes visible. Eli looks at her and his eyes grow big in total surprise. He freezes while staring at her for a few seconds. She crosses those legs and waves him over to her.
Eli walks off of the wrestling mat toward her. His left fingers un-strap the head gear and yanks it off. He kneels down on one leg and wipes the sweat from his forehead. She glances over his cut shoulder muscles.
She says, "Congratulations. I'm Sofia."
He smiles, "Thanks. I'm Eli."
"I was hoping to get your attention" she chuckles.
"Sofia, you got my complete attention" he smiles.
She says, "I want to interview you for my blog."
He smiles, "Okay. Can I take a shower first?"
She answers, "Sure. I'll be at the university hotel just off campus. Room 110."
He realizes what she wants and it isn't an interview.
He smiles, "Okay, I know that hotel."
Eli stands up and jogs toward the gym locker room. Sofia watches his tight buttocks.
She whispers, "My fucking Gawd."
The University hotel in room 110. The long curtains are closed, but there is a small opening in the center. It is cold outside as fog covers the window. The heater runs underneath those curtains. The large TV plays ESPN sport news and the volume is turned down low. Eli's college sport bag sits on a chair. Clothes, socks and shoes are scattered over the floor.
The lights shine down over the naked bodies of Eli and Sofia. She is laying on her back over the king size bed. Her red hair is tied into a long braid. Her butt cheeks are on the edge of the bed and both legs are spread open. He is standing up, but leans over in-between her legs. Both of his hands are placed on each side of her waist.
Eli looks down at his 6-inch cock that is buried inside of her red bush. He is thrusting deep as his own brown crotch hits her pussy.
He grunts, "Mmm.. Mmmm.. Uuuuhh.. Uuuhh.. Mmmm.. Fuck-Yeah.. Yeah.!"
Her massive tits flop wildly. She also has enormous "areolas."
Thrust-Thrust-Thrust-Thrust...
Sofia looks up at his impressive shoulders.
She replies, "Ohhh.. Oh.. Ohhhh.. Oh-My-Gawd.. Ohhhh.. Oh-Gawd."
He grunts, "Uuuuhh.. Fuck.. Uuuuuhh.. Mmmm.. Yeahhh.. Yeahhhh.!"
Thrust-Thrust-Thrust...
She says, "Ohhhh.. Ohh.. My-Gawd... Eli... Eli.!"
His eyes never leave his shaft which keeps thrusting.
He grunts, "Mmm.. Mmmm.. Mmmm.. Fuck.. Fuck-Yeahhh..!!"
Her big tits keep flopping.
Eli thrusts inside one last time and stops.
He explodes, "Mmmmmmmm.. Mmmmmm.. Fuuuuuuckk.. Fuckk.!!"
He bends down to her and they kiss deeply.
He whispers, "When you flashed your pussy at me. Fuck...!"
20 minutes later. The curtains are opened a little bit more. The heat from the room fogs the window from top to bottom. The lights above are turned off and the TV light reaches the bed.
Both Sofia and Eli are still naked and lay on top of the bed. She is on her back with both hands gripping the bed sheets. Her head pushes against one large pillow. He is laying on her right side. His lips are sucking on her round-tit-areola. His tongue flicks the nipple up and down. His left fingers have been rubbing the folds of her wet pussy lips.
She responds, "Ohhhh.. My-Gawdd.. Ohhhh.. Oh-Fucking-Gawdd.!!"
He rubs her lips a few more times and then slides up to pinch her clitoris hood.
She replies, "My-Gawd... Eli... Right-There.!!"
His thumb pushes down onto her clitoris and inserts two other fingers. He starts digging inside of her wet cunt.
Her hand grips her right tit. Her back arches as his lips continue to suck on the other tit. His tongue flicks the nipple faster.
She responds, "Ohhhhh.. Ohhhhhh... Oh-Gawd.. Ohhhh-Ohh.. Ohhhhh... Gawdd.!!"
His lips slide over her large areola as his teeth gently bites the erect nipple.
His left thumb pushes hard onto her clitoris. His two other fingers dig deeper into the wetness of her cunt.
She explodes, "OH-OH-GAWD...!! GAWD...!! GAWD-GAWD...!!"
He keeps biting her nipple as his left hand slides up to her flat stomach.
She comes down, "Oh-Gawd... Eli... That-was-an-extreme-one... Gawd."
It is Saturday morning and there is a knock on the door. Eli quickly wakes up under the bed covers. He looks around and the TV is still on. He throws off the covers and climbs from the bed.
He's still naked and staggers to the door. He opens it a crack and looks out. The cleaning lady stands there as the cold air seeps through.
He asks, "What time is it?"
She answers, "11:30 a.m."
He says, "Shit, really? Give me five minutes."
He closes the door and turns around to find Sofia had already left. He searches for his clothes on the floor. They aren't there... His sport bag is gone too.
Eli laughs, "She took my Goddamn clothes."