I was out one Friday night, when I met this guy in a bar. His name was Harold. We got to talking and he had just got a divorce. He ask me, "Where I lived, and if I knew anyone you would rent a room, he had a large home."
I told him, "I lived in an apartment but I might be interested. I took his phone number and would let him know in a day or two. Sure enough in a week I had moved in with him. Let me tell you a little bit about Harold. Then there was Harold! He was Mr. perfect, he could change the oil in his car in a white dress shirt. He was Six foot-two and weight two hundred pounds. Brown wavy hair and blue eyes. His clothes fit him perfectly. When we walked down the mall, girls would turn to look at his ass. We became very good friends. I lived with Harold for almost a year.
I was offered a job in silicon valley for three times the amount of money, that I was presently making. Oh, ya, I grabbed it. I took an apartment in the San Jose area. Shortly after I moved in is when I met Judy. Let me remind you all what Judy looked like. She was five-three, green eyes 34-23-35 about one hundred and ten pounds, My favorite points were her double D's. Oh! Ya! I cant forget that perfect tucked ass. When she would pass, guys would get a hard on, living in their dreams.
It was about four months after we brought Kevin over and Judy slept with him. I decided to call Harold and invite him up to go dancing and to meet Judy. When Harold got to our place, Judy really liked what she saw. We went out and had dinner. We decided to go to a club that played sixties and seventies music. We didn't stay out to late. We were back at our place at about ten thirty. Judy was having a large mole removed from under her arm the next afternoon, so she wanted to get some sleep.
When we got back to the apartment, Judy went int the bed room and put on her house coat. She came back out and showed Harold what had to be done. He wished her good luck. I told Harold that we were going to be moving into the mobile and ask him if he could help us fix it up.
Harold said, "That he would be glad to help, just give him a Call.
I told him that I was going to be going down there by myself. When she gets healed from her op, she would be joining me, probably in about three or four weeks.
I could not wait to get Judy in bed that night, to find out what she thought of my friend. We were in bed by eleven.
Judy always sleeps nude except for a very small brief pair of panties. She curled up into my arms and I could feel those hard nipples in my chest. That was the sign that she was horny as hell. I started kissing her neck and running my tongue up to her ear. My fingers went right to her pussy, she was drippin wet. I slid three fingers inside of her and instantly found the "G" spot. While I was rubbing that real slow. I put my tongue in her ear and started breathing warm air into it.
"Did you like my friend Harold?"
"Sorta of!"
I started moving my fingers and faster. "Would you like to have him sucking on your tits right now?" I felt her arching her back, like she was trying to shove a cock inside of her.
"No! No! No! Oh, yes,yes,yes, Oh, God, I want him to stick his cock in me right now. John, John, I love you." She started shaking and it was all over the bed, the sheets were soaked.
Now I know where her mind is and I always know where Harold's mind is. How do I get them together with out either one of them knowing I set them up(John's devious mind is working).
Judy's operation went fine and she was completely healed in three weeks.
I had been going down to the mobile, fixing little thing that needed to be fixed. I decided to put a small cameras in every room. They were sound and movement sensitive. I had them all attached to a chip that went straight to my computer.
Four weeks after Judy's operation. I decided to give Harold a call and see if he could help me out the next Saturday. He Said, "Sure I will be there about ten."
Of course I did not tell Judy or Harold, either one was going to be there.
Saturday morning finally rolled around. I had had a constant hard on for the last two days. I had stayed totally away from Judy, giving her no sex. I wanted her to be real horny on this day. Judy put on one of her smallest thongs on(wow her ass looked good) and a midriff, cut tank top, with her sweats. The top of the sweats had a zipper all the way up the front. You might say she was almost nude under her sweats. It was a twenty minute drive from our apartment to the mobile. We were in my pickup which had a bench front seat.
On the way down Judy leaned over to me and said, "I'm really horny are we going to have time today to get some?"
"What I have planned is when we get to the mobile I am going to drop you off. You can sweep and just do some general cleaning. I am going to go get some plywood. I am going to be gone for about two hours. When I get back we can christen the mobile. I brought some champagne."
I pulled out a joint and gave her a couple of hits. She really gets horny when she is smokin weed.
"Oh that really sounds like fun. I haven't had any for three days! Can have the rest of the joint?" She said.
I gave her the joint and dropped her off at a quarter to ten. Don't forget I had ten acres and a lot of trees that I can hide my truck behind. I had already put eight sheets of plywood there. I got to my hiding place, turned the truck off, got my computer out. I turned it on and checked all the cameras. They were all working just fine. I had been setting there for about ten minutes, when Harold pulled into the driveway. He got out and knocked on the door and Judy answered. All eight inches of my cock was as hard as it had ever been.
"Hi, where is John, I was supposed to meet him here at ten."
"He had to go get some plywood. He didn't even tell me you were coming. Come on in."
Harold took about five steps into the mobile. "I guess he is getting old and forgetful(they both laughed). The last time I saw you was the night before the operation, how did that turn out?"
"Would you like to see? I don't even have a scare."
"Well, of course if you want to show me."
Judy starts unzipping the front of her sweat suit(oh, my god, I know what he is going to see. I start stroking myself real slow). She lets the top fall to the floor. Here she stands right in front of him. Her beautiful brown stomach showing and her boobs showing at the bottom of her tank top. She raised her arm up and said, "See no scar." When she raised her arm almost her whole boob was showing.
The words that came out of his mouth, "You are such a gorgeous woman!" He reached out and pulled her to him. She did not resist at all, they just melted into each others arms. He put his hand under her chin and their lips met. I watched as their tongues went deep into each others mouths. Harold reached down and pulled her tank top over her head. Then he put his hand over her tit with her nipple in between his forefinger and thumb. It looked like he was squeezing her nipple real hard. That is a real turn on to Judy.
Their tongues were flicking faster and faster in and out of each others mouths. Judy was running her hand down the inside of his leg, she came to the zipper and unzipped his pants. I watched her tiny hand pull out his large cock. She was stroking on it real slow. Judy unsnapped his pants and said, "I want that in my mouth." She dropped to her knees and started licking the precum, she ran her tongue down to his balls and you could see her saliva glistening all the way up and down his cock. She held each ball and kiss and sucked on them. She put the head of his cock in her mouth, sliding it in about seven inches then gently biting down on it just so he could feel her teeth. She did this about three times.
Harold grabbed the back of her of her hair and said, "No, I don't want to cum this way, I want cum inside you." He picked her up in his arms and took her in the bedroom, laying her on the bed on her back. She still had her thong on. He reached down and pulled her thong off. There she lay waiting to fucked by my best friend. What a beautiful site. I couldn't hold it any more. Lucky I had a towel, cause it went every where. I opened my eyes and he had taken his T shirt off, and they were both nude. He started running his tongue up and down each of her legs just stopping short of her cunt. Teasing the hell out of her. He took two fingers and spread her pink lips apart, sticking his tongue in as far as he could, flicking it back and forth.
She starts screaming I got to have your big cock in me, please, please. Now Harold had a large cock it had to go at least ten inches. He got on top of her and monster slid right in. Judy gasp, it took her breath away. As soon as it hit bottom she was squirting all over. They were fucking so hard I could hear their hips slapping together. He was squeezing her tits and biting on her nipples. She had her mouth in his ear, telling him he was the best fuck she ever had(of course next to John). She started screaming, OH, OH, My GOD, Harder, Faster Harold. They both got off at the exact moment. He collapsed on her and the laid there for ten minutes. They made out and played with each other for twenty minutes and screwed one more time.
Harold said, "I got to get out of here before John gets back. I am going to give him a call and tell him I can't make it over today."
"I think that would be the best. Thanks a lot I really did enjoy. We will have to get together soon." Judy said.
Harold got up got dressed kissed Judy goodbye and was gone.
I through the plywood on the pickup and waited fifteen minutes and home I went. When I got there I walked in Judy looked a little disorganize. I said, "Doesn't look like you got a lot done. My friend Harold called and said he was not going to make it today."
"You are going to be surprised. I will tell you after opening the bottle of champagne. You will want to hear about your friend Harold."