On a rainy Friday night, my husband decided he'd take me to a swinging club. We had never been and the goal was really only to watch and then go back home and make love!
We get there and we first have to pay to become members, for this first time this is the fee. In the future, you pay to get in but depending, single man is quite expensive, couples cheaper and then woman on her own is free.
For this night I wore a very short black tight skirt, tight black top that shows my belly button (short top) and well pretty revealing for the breasts. I have dark longish hair that flows down my back. The thongs and bras are also black.
So, we go in and there are quite a few people already, some at the bar, some on the dance floor and some on sofas a little bit spread out everywhere. All the men are pretty normally dressed but all the girls and women are dressed quite sexy.
We head to the bar and order a drink and a shot each, we take the shot first. We are standing at the bar, he's in front of me as I'm in the back of him holding him by the waist as we are looking towards the dance floor. I have to say, it's quite exciting to look at the people dancing, close to each other and you can see the hands touching everywhere.
I could not help myself but to start moving my hands on my husbands body, touching his tummy, his chest going down very close to his pants even entering my fingers a little under...without touching further.
This went on for awhile, a few drinks later, I'm still behind him and he's watching and over his pants, I can feel he's completely hard! All of a sudden, I feel something behind me touching my waist, but I don't dare turn around. It's two strong hands, definitely a man, I can feel it as he's massaging my lower back. I was not sure what to do, so I let it be. Then, the hands started going up and down my back and touching the side of my breasts, I have to admit, at this point I'm getting very horny and very wet! His hands then start going down slowly to my butt, down the back of my legs and then, he goes back up between my legs, moves my thong with his finger and starts feeling me, I am totally wet so it does not take long that he penetrates me with his finger, then a second and then a third. My husband does not see this he's too busy looking at the dance floor. At this point I closed my eyes and let the feelings flow through. I remove on of my hands from my husbands body and I reach back of me and feel the guy's legs, I then move up and to my surprise, his big hard cock is already out for me to grab.
I start touching it slowly, masturbating him, touching the tip with my nails as he is fingering me deeply, I am pretty good at containing my reactions so my husband does not know whats happening, he's busy watching a girl getting touched all over by 4 or 5 people on the dance floor. At this point, I unzip my husbands pants, take his hard cock out and start masturbating him also, I'm in cock heaven!
The guy in the back starts kissing my neck, I still have no idea what he looks like but it's so exciting! Then, that's when he whispered in my ear to meet him in the private room and leaves.
I'm drunk, horny and wet and with my husband! Fuck it, I tell my husband I have to go to the bathroom at this point. I head to the bathroom which I find out is in the basement of this place! As I go down, people are kissing touching all over the place! I get in the bathroom, do what I need to do and get out, as I open the door, there's a gorgeous, very built man standing right in front, he approaches me and whispers again in my ear to meet him in the private room! It's him, than man that was touching me and that I touched and masturbated. As he whispered his hand went straight between my legs, moved my thongs and started fingering me again, I could not contain myself and I asked him where that private room was.
Ten seconds later we are in a darker room with multiple beds, there's already people in there kissing, touching, fucking, most of them all naked. A minute later, I lost my shirt and my skirt to him and he starts kissing me touching me, fingering me! Omg I'm so horny and wet! I start touching him and as I'm on his chest going slowly down to his ripped abs, he takes his pants off and I can see how hard he is under is undies! I can't resist and get on my knees take them off to discover the biggest cock I've ever seen, it did not feel as big in my hands before but now, that I see it, it's unreal! He looks down and me if I like it. Of course I said yes and then he asked for me to take it in my mouth. At that point I just took him in, licked him, sucked him, he pushed my head so I would deep throat him so deep that I would gag, my pussy is dripping wet on the floor I'm so excited!
Then, he got me up, threw me on one of the empty beds and then started going down on me, he made me cum 3 to 4 times and then started fucking me and he was so big that it hurt, but it was so fucking good that I could not stop myself from screaming! This lasted a good hour, I had forgotten my husband for a good moment but then, as I was laying down, wet, completely horny with this guy relaxing beside me after cumming all over me... again, I got my bearings back and told him I had or my husband would be so angry!
I got dressed and went to the bathroom to wash up a little, I stank of sex and cum! Then I head back up, I could not see my husband anywhere, I was getting worried, I went to see at the entrance and asked if the guy saw him leave and he said no, his jacket was still there. I go back in and start walking around and that's when I found him, completely naked with 2 women, one sitting on his cock and riding him and the other sitting close to his face while he was licking her pussy. He saw me and his face changed as if he was scared of my reaction, I simply smiled and gave him a wink. He relaxed and continued. I went to sit at the bar and ordered a drink. A few moments later, my gorgeous ripped guy came to sit with me and gave me his phone number and said that if I ever got bored of my husband or want a little side dish, I could call him anytime. I melted as he started kissing me again and said goodbye and left. 2 minutes later, my hubby came back and said to me that he was sorry he left me all alone and hoped I was not mad at him. I told him not to worry, that I watched everyone and it was fun, I never mentioned my experience and he never noticed I was not back.
We left, went home and fucked the whole night long!