If you have been following my story of my fascination with imagining and watching my wife have sex with other men, you know that I find the behavior erotic and a turn on. You also know it gave her some power over me in our marriage. We eventually divorced, but it was for other reasons. She needed to control other aspects of our married life that were unacceptable to me, and eventually we divorced. Ironically, it was our shared enjoyment of her sexual freedom that kept us together. Ellie seemed to have radar for detecting when dissatisfactions hit me over our inability to see eye-to-eye on important aspects of our marriage. Suddenly, she would "up" her sexual adventures and re-engage me by allowing me to participate, although only as an observer.
I related earlier in my stories how Charles entered our life. He and I became good friends, and we shared our love of hiking in the wild. We also shared our love of my wife. Charles never said anything to me about what might have been transpiring behind my back, and I never asked. I was satisfied by the enjoyment of my fantasy of the affair they may or may not have been sharing. Charles visited frequently, and I enjoyed their flirting as well as Ellie's provocative state of dress, or lack thereof, almost as much as they did, maybe more. Charles sometimes booked a hotel blaming the length of his stay or the demands of his business, but I suspected it was based on Ellie's availability. When she had time to spend with him, he always opted to stay at our place.
Now, Robert was my boss at the college where I worked. He is a divorced, older professor who loved young women. He always had tales of new conquests and weekend dalliances (to use a quaint term). His stories were always hot, and I loved hearing them. I often imagined Ellie as a participant in one of his trysts. Then, one hot summer weekend, Robert seemed down. I asked him what was bothering him. He reported that he had broken up with his latest flame, and the married woman he saw once or twice a month was too busy for him. I invited him over for a Saturday night dinner and evening of relaxing conversation with Ellie and me to take his mind off his woes. I knew Ellie enjoyed Robert's company as much as I did. They got along well; they always had. We had dinner often at his place, had gone to many parties as his guests, so it was our turn to do him a good favor.
Ellie agreed that having Robert over for dinner was a good idea. But then, she added that Charles had called, and she had already invited him over to our house as well. She explained that she expected him to arrive just around dinnertime, so it should all work out. Charles and Robert had never met, but we both felt they would hit it off.
The warmth of the sun, when Saturday morning came, warned that the evening would remain hot. Ellie wondered about what to wear to be comfortable, but still be suitable for both Robert and Charles. I explained that Robert was between women and feeling down. His standby-married flame was out of town, and frankly, I thought he needed to get laid.
"So you offered me?" Ellie asked raising an eyebrow.
"Uh, no," I stumbled. "I just thought you could wear something sexy and provocative to give him a thrill."
Ellie smiled, "What if I find I want to devote my attentions to Charles while he is here?"
I gulped out, "I know you have fun with Charles, but please make tonight about Robert."
About ten minutes before Robert arrived, Ellie strolled out of the bedroom to model her attire. She had arranged her hair with care so that it draped in soft curls around her shoulders. She wore her scant red bikini top, tied so that most of her breasts were exposed, and they bounced erotically as she walked in. Her pair of light cream short shorts appeared to be at least one size too small, maybe two. They were unbuttoned in the front and folded back to form a V pointed at her pussy. I say that because they were open deep enough that the top of her closely trimmed "landing strip" was exposed. Turning, she showed me how the bottoms of her butt cheeks were exposed as well. She topped it off with a pair of strappy, red high heels.
"Wow!" I thought aloud. Then I added, "To hell with Robert and Charles. Let's call off dinner and fuck!"
Ellie laughed at me. "You wanted me to give Robert something to lust after, so this is what you get. And, if he responds properly, he just might get lucky!"
I heard myself tell her that was not what I had intended, but she stopped me with one of her looks. "This was your idea," she said, "and I am going to make the best of it and have some fun myself." Before I could respond, Robert knocked on our door and let himself in.
"Ellie," exclaimed Robert, " you are beautiful!" He swept her into a big hug and kissed her, almost too politely, on the lips. Then he released her and moved her to arms length while motioning for her to slowly turn herself around. She watched over her shoulder for his expression, and I saw him reach one hand forward to brush her butt as she turned.
Ellie giggled, "Easy there Robert, we have all evening. My outfit is only for your viewing pleasure for the time being."
"I'm honored and a little turned on," he replied. "To what do I owe this pleasure?" he asked.
"It was Bill's idea," she responded, "he wants you to have a good time."
Facing her again, Robert lifted her chin with his finger and kissed her slowly, this time with an open mouth and tongue. Ellie willing responded in kind. I could not stop grinning, and my cock began to feel a little stiff. Robert ran his finger lightly along her neck, down between her cleavage, to rest on the tuft of pubic hair exposed by her open shorts. "So you shared with Bill about our day at the beach?" Robert grinned.
Ellie went rigid, gasped, then relaxed and smiled in an instant. "No," she replied and added before I could speak, "now is probably a good time."
Ellie turned to face me. "Remember that day when Dave took me to the beach after our first "family" night? He parked on campus, and we walked down to the beach at Campus Point. He convinced me to remove my bikini, and then he took my hand and walked me naked along the mile to the dunes. I was so embarrassed being naked. Everyone staring at me as we passed, yet I was incredibly turned on as well. I was so wet that I could feel myself dripping down my thigh.
I nearly fainted in fright when I heard my name and Dave's called out. Robert and another one of your professors, Thomas, were sitting near the bluffs. I am sure they were there to pickup coeds when they suddenly saw me. Dave walked me over to them, and I stood there naked as if for their appraisal. They knew who I was because you worked with them. They asked me where you were, and Dave told them you were at home cleaning while he and I had fun in the dunes. Robert and Thomas knew what that meant and asked if they could join us. Dave said yes, but they had to wait until he had his turn. I hid my embarrassment over how they were discussing using me as if I was not standing there listening. But, I was shivering at the exciting thought that it was now certain that I would not only have audience but multiple sex partners as well. And they all knew you! They knew I was your wife. I knew you would be so turned if you found out. Yet I choose to remain silent."
"I don't know what to say," I responded. I wanted to say, "But I guess I'm turned on yet again," but the growing bulge in my pants said it all.
I turned to Robert; "We are expecting another friend, Charles, in a while. He knows Ellie well. At least I suspect he knows her well. He has certainly seen everything she has to offer, and I suspect they have sex every time he visits."
Ellie laughed again. "Charles said you knew, I said you only suspected about Charles. I guess he won that bet."
"I don't think I want to know what the payoff is," I responded, "but I want to assure Robert that you are his to enjoy tonight. Charles has no role unless you want him to be present with Robert. This is your evening, Robert, to enjoy Ellie's attentions."
Robert looked at Ellie, smiled, and went on, "I'm sorry to have put my foot in my mouth. So I guess you did not tell your husband that Thomas and I shared you? It was especially sweet for me to take your anal virginity as we double-teamed you. Have you had a double penetration experience since then?"
I noticed Ellie stiffen momentarily and then relax as she looked into my eyes before returning her attention to Robert.
"No," she responded, "but I enjoy anal sex as a result of your taking my ass. I really aim to please my partners, and I find all forms of sex exciting and satisfying. But, I don't share anything with Bill except when I choose to. Now, I would rather just focus on tonight than share any more. If he can keep his thoughts to himself for now, I will allow him to watch us this evening."
Charles interrupted our conversation when he walked in through the back door carrying his overnight bag. He didn't need to knock, Ellie had given him his own key so he could come and go as he pleased. Charles quickly surveyed the scene and my wife's attire before saying, "Damn, don't you look fine tonight Ellie. Am I interrupting something?"
Robert and Ellie started laughing uncontrollably while I blushed. "You are oh so close," Ellie managed to choke out. "You won our bet! Bill said that he was pretty sure we have been fucking all along. I guess I'll have to deliver on our bet."
"You mean that you are ready to be DP'd in front of your husband?" Charles asked with raised eyebrows.
Ellie slipped her arm around Robert and responded, "I promised Bill that tonight I belonged to Robert, so that would be his choice, but I can tell you from experience that he enjoys anal play."
Robert extended his hand to Charles. "We haven't met, but I gather we have both enjoyed Ellie's charms to put it politely. I can't think of anything more erotic than sharing her sexy body tonight. I gather from what I've observed and heard in the past few minutes that Bill would enjoy watching us use her as well. I am more than willing to share, since Bill is so willing to be generous with his wife."
I had to step away to make drinks and start dinner before embarrassing myself in front of them. However, I could watch undetected from the kitchen. Charles swept Ellie into his arms, and they locked in a long, tongue-entwined kiss for several minutes. Charles lost no time in groping and rubbing my wife's ass before she broke it off reminding him that it was Robert's night.
Ellie sat between the two men on the couch. They engaged in light petting and sexual conversation. Robert and Charles swapped stories of conquests, and Charles did not spare Robert, or me, graphic details of the mornings he had spent with Ellie in my home and our bed.
Robert, in turn, related the full story of Ellie's debauchery on the dunes a few years ago. He even included how she had lowered herself onto Thomas's cock, and then leaned into his chest for a torrid kiss while Robert spread her ass cheeks. Then he slowly forced his well-lubed cock into her ass. He recalled her initial expressions of pain, but how quickly she began begging them to fuck her harder.
"She screamed when she came," he recalled. "That attracted an even larger crowd than was already watching. Dave, Thomas, and I were finally spent, and we left her laying there while a brave few pressed in to use her body for their own pleasure. We rescued her once we had regained our senses, but two or three other men had already cum in her or on her by the time we pulled her free."
Ellie laughed again, obviously enjoying the conversation. "If Bill didn't already think I was a slut after Frank and Dave fucked me, he certainly knows I was by the time I left the dunes. I didn't even think about the fact that they walked me naked back down the beach, up onto campus to the parking lot, and drove me home. I remember Bill's shocked look when I walked in naked and well used, cum still drying in my hair and on my tits. He merely thanked Dave for taking me to the beach and then walked me into the shower. Yet, I never said a word about it to Bill.
I guess that is when I started craving a sexual satisfaction that I could not get remaining faithful to Bill. Everything changed for me after that day on the beach. He is a good husband, but he cannot take me to the spiritual highs I experience with Frank or the explosive, whorish orgasms I experienced with Dave. Charles delivers both to my satisfaction. Plus, the uncertainty about whether I may or may not be fucking Charles seems to feed Bill's libido."
Listening from the other room, my mind made note that Ellie spoke of Frank and Charles in the present tense and Dave in the past. Had I been missing something the past few years?
Ellie put our child to bed following dinner. Our toddler was still too young to be aware of the tension in the house and had no trouble falling asleep. Robert lit a joint when Ellie returned, and I poured a fresh round of drinks. I knew the combination of alcohol and weed would release any inhibitions she had left, and she had already agreed to let me watch. Still, I settled quietly into a corner so my presence would not put a damper on the rest of the evening.
I knew Ellie was stoned when she asked me to put on some sensual music. She asked for my favorite cassette tape that puts us in the mood for lovemaking. She rose and turned to face Robert and Charles. Then she began a slow erotic dance of seduction that I had thought she reserved for my eyes only. I suspect it was a deliberate price I was to pay for the privilege of watching.
As she swayed her hips, Ellie ran her hands through her hair and leaned forward into Robert. "Untie me," she whispered as she held her hair up.
She leaned in for a long, wet kiss as Robert untied the strings behind her neck and then back. Her top fell free. She stepped back into to her slow dance and made her way to Charles for another long kiss. Ellie returned to Robert and pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it aside.
Robert had more hair on his chest and arms than anyone I knew. Ellie slowly lowered herself down dragging her nipples lightly through his hair. She shuddered as her breasts passed his stomach and moaned softly. "I love how your hair tickles and excites my nipples."
She began to fiddle with his belt and unzipped his pants as she continued to rub her tits along his hairy chest. Then she removed his pants and briefs releasing Robert's large erect cock.
"Damn, are all her lovers bigger than me." I thought to myself. She lowered herself to her knees, leaned between his legs, and cradled his cock between her breasts.
"Bill wants me to make you feel good." Ellie said. She began to raise and lower herself slowly, stroking his cock with her breasts until they were slick with his pre-cum.
Dropping lower, Ellie took his cock in her hands and began licking around its head before slowly sucking it into her mouth. She removed it and rubbed it along her face, whispering how much she adored his cock and what it would soon be doing to her. She dropped her mouth even lower and licked his balls before taking each into her mouth and gently sucking on them. Then she ran her tongue back up the length of the underside of his cock before sucking it into her mouth once again.
Her actions were slow and deliberate. She was making love to his cock with her mouth and face, worshipping it, wanting him to enjoy every minute. He warned her that he would cum.
Ellie looked into his eyes and moaned, "It won't be the last time tonight." As she gazed lovingly into his eyes, Robert's cock began pumping cum, and Ellie swallowed his potent seed. His sperm overflowed out through her lips and ran down her chin and dripped over her breasts. My own cock released into my pants at the same time, and I had not yet touched myself.
She moved to Charles and took his hand to indicate he was to stand. She sat down next to Robert and motioned to Charles. He pulled on her shorts and slipped them off over her high heels. Charles undressed as she spread her legs and invited him to taste her cunt.
I realized that not one word had been spoken, but they knew each other intimately enough that they sensed what the other was thinking and wanting. They were clearly three seasoned lovers. When he was naked, Charles dropped between her legs and began to probe her with his tongue. Ellie spoke finally, "Get me wet for Robert."
Charles gently kissed her breasts and nipples moving slowly down her stomach. He lightly kissed the lips of her vulva before turning his attention to the soft insides of her thighs. Ellie ran her fingers through his hair and urged his tongue back to the entrance of her center. She began rotating her hips forward, urging him to concentrate on the entrance to her vagina and her clitoris. Her body started trembling, and Robert leaned over and pinched her nipples between his fingers.
Ellie's breathing became heavier, and she started moaning when Robert began pulling her nipples. He twisted her nipples softly at first and then with more force as her body began to buck against Charles' face. Ellie grasped his head and locked it in place with her thighs as she began squealing in orgasm. Robert pulled her nipples forcefully with each relaxation of her pelvic thrusts, urging her to thrust once again against the mouth and tongue pleasuring her.
Robert began to soften his massage of her breasts and nipples as Ellie's body began to relax and her grip on Charles eased. In time, he moved away, and Charles drew Ellie into a long open mouthed kiss as her caressed her breasts. I heard her softly tell Charles that she loved him, drawing him back into another long kiss.
When her breathing began to return to normal, Charles moved away as well so that Ellie could stand. She took Robert by the hand and pulled him into another kiss. Then she he led him to me and placed her arm around his waist. Her chest and breasts were a bright pink from the rush of her orgasm. I could see that her labia were full and distended, ready for vaginal penetration.
"Now I will take Robert to our bed as you asked me to do earlier today." she said to me. "I left sheets, a blanket, and a pillow at the end of the couch. I suggest you make your bed and undress. Then you can come to the door to our room and watch while Robert and Charles share my body. When they are done, you are to go back to the couch and not disturb us again for the remainder of the night. I prepared two bottles should the baby awake hungry. You will feed the baby and not disturb us."
With that, Ellie reached for Charles and the three walked down the hallway to the bedroom.
I made my bed on the couch and undressed as I was instructed. If I was going to watch, I did not want to be the only one dressed. Who knew what liberties Ellie might allow me? And if not, at least I could better enjoy my arousal.
I walked down the hallway and stood at the door to my bedroom, my bed now devoted to their sexual activities. I remembered my place and did not enter.
Ellie was face down on the bed, my pillow placed under her pelvis, elevating her bottom. Robert knelt between her spread legs, his penis slowly stroking in and out of her vagina while he massaged her back and rubbed her anus. Ellie's head was turned to Charles who was lying beside her.
Charles held her hand, and he gently stroked her cheek. "I love you," Charles whispered. Ellie moaned and tightened her grip on his hand.
She must have heard my steps in the hall because she called out, "Bill, get the lube from my drawer and give it to Robert." I crossed to our dresser, found the lube, and handed to Robert, and quickly moved back to the door. I wanted to watch and did not want Ellie to send me away.
Robert poured some lube into the fold of her ass and began working it into her anus. His stimulation caused her to begin rocking her hips, forcing his cock in and out of her vagina. If it had been me, I would have cum quickly in response, but she had already blown Robert and I suspected he would last longer having already cum once. His thumb slipped past her sphincter, and she gasped.
Charles leaned in and kissed her softly, assuring her that she would not be hurt. Robert eased in one finger, then two. I was in awe as I watched her anal opening expand. Robert pulled out, sat back, and then he declared her ready.
Charles rolled onto his back and Ellie lifted herself and swung a leg over his hips. Rising into a sitting position, Ellie lifted herself up and guided his penis into her vagina. She leaned into his chest and began to kiss him. Robert moved between her legs again and spread her ass cheeks open. He placed his cock at her relaxed anus and slowly began to push himself in.
Ellie began breathing harder. Then she gasped, and he was in, pushing himself deeper. When Ellie indicated she was comfortable and ready, Charles and Robert began pumping themselves in and out of their respective holes. It did not take long before Ellie joined their movement with increasing urgency.
I think Ellie came first, as she started squealing and moaning. "Harder, don't stop, ....... Oh God I'm cumming."
As their frantic movements and breathing began to slow, Robert pulled out and lay down on her other side. I watched as cum seeped out of her ass, and her anus slowly began shrinking back to its normal tightly puckered appearance. I realize I had cum once again myself, all while forgetting to stroke myself. The scene before me was sufficiently erotic that I needed no physical stimulation.
Ellie rolled off Charles, turned onto her knees, and lowered her head to Robert's crotch. She started gently licking around his penis, eventually sucking his cock into her eager mouth. When she had cleaned all her juices and his cum, she moved up his chest and then begin kissing him deeply on the mouth.
"Thank you," Ellie panted. "That was wonderful. She turned then to Charles and cleaned his cock and groin in the same fashion. He too was rewarded with a long, deep kiss.
I bemoaned the fact that she never performed this service for me. At best, she would bring me a towel to clean myself.
I slowly turned and eased away knowing she wanted me to leave them alone now. I heard her say, "Good night Bill. Thank you honey."
I could hear their rustling, quiet talk, and giggling as I dropped off to sleep on the couch.
The baby's cry awaked me. I slipped on my briefs and retrieved our child from the crib. I carried our toddler into the kitchen, and I rocked him as I warmed the bottle. Charles was sitting in the living room when I returned to feed the baby. He had wrapped a towel around himself, in deference I hoped to the fact I had no interest in naked men except for when they are screwing my wife.
Charles explained that Ellie asked for some time alone with Robert.
"Your wife is an amazing lover," Charles whispered before confessing. "I envy that you can have her whenever you want, but I understand why you are so willing to share her. I don't think one man can fully satisfy her. One moment, she fucks like a seasoned whore all caution and inhibition thrown to the wind for her own enjoyment. In the next minute, she is a gentle, passionate lover wanting to take you to incredible highs and sexual release. She makes you feel like no other man matters and only you can satisfy her need for love. I have never been married, but I imagine she showers these same affections on you every evening. I know that I have fallen in love with her, and I believe she is in love with me as well. Thank you for sharing her with me."
The baby finished the bottle and had fallen back into sleep. I excused myself and placed our child back into the crib. I had to pass our bedroom, so I paused on the way back to the couch.
Robert and Ellie were entwined with one another. They were kissing, their tongues probing the depths of each other's mouths. Robert began to stroke her body and thighs, alternating from kissing her mouth to suckling on her nipples. Ellie stroked his hair and slowly stroked his limp cock. I could see that it was beginning to stir again.
"I love you Robert," she cooed, looking into his eyes. "I want to see you again, just you and me next time. I want to feel your cock in my pussy. I want to feel your cum explode against my cervix. I want to feel your cum on my breasts and face. I want to drink your cum and savor its flavor as it slides down my throat. I want you to hold me as I fall asleep tonight and awake in your arms in the morning. Make love to me again. Make me yours. Make me feel how much you want me, how much you love me."
I moved away quickly as I did not want to get caught. Charles was smiling as I enter the living room.
"Watching her is erotic is it not?" he asked. "I think she loves everyone she screws. I think she cannot help but love her men. I don't know where you learned everything you taught her, but she is the most sensuous, passionate woman I know. I look forward to my visits, and I hope you will be comfortable with sharing her for many years to come."
Charles took a blanket from the end of the couch along with another pillow that Ellie had left there. He made a bed on the floor explaining that my wife wanted to be alone with Robert the rest of the night so they could share the bed as lovers.
"I know she will take me to her bed when you return to work on Monday, so I can wait." he explained. "You share her love with me, I cannot complain that she asks me to share her love with Robert. I expect they will see each other again after watching her with him tonight."
Charles obviously thought I was okay with all that had transpired. I suppose I was, but I allowed him to assume that it was my idea and that I had a voice in the matter. In truth, Ellie and I made love, had a baby, and slept in the same bed when she was not with a lover, but I had no say in her behavior. My choice was to accept her and her infidelity or find another wife. I had made my choice.
I had fed, bathed, and dressed the baby by the time my wife emerged from the bedroom. She walked in, naked as usual, hair disheveled, dried cum scattered across her thighs, breasts, and hair.
She hugged me tightly, "Thank you for sharing me with Robert. He is a wonderful lover. We are going to shower. Please make us breakfast when we get out of the bathroom." Ellie then kissed the baby who was playing quietly in the living room.
She walked to Charles, leaned in for a long wet kiss and said, "Thank you for last night. You felt so good in my ass the second time while Robert fucked me. Thank you for letting us have the rest of the night to ourselves. I will make it up to you tonight. Bill can sleep on the couch tonight while you share our marital bed as lovers tonight."
She turned and smiled at me, "You were comfortable on the couch weren't you, Bill?"
From where I sat at the dining room table, I could watch Ellie lead Robert into the bathroom holding his hand. She left the door open knowing I could see their reflection in the mirror. Robert took her in his arms and groomed her hair with his fingers while they kissed. She raised her arms to his head and pulled him tighter into the kiss. I could see Robert start to stiffen as she bent over to start the shower. She turned and looked at his rising penis.
I could hear her as she took him in her hand, "You just can't get enough. I'm too sore to do much more, but I will give you a hand in the shower." She gave him a quick kiss and pulled back the shower curtain and stepped in.
Our shower curtain was clear, so I could see them take each other in their arms again and begin to wash one anothers hair. As the steam built, the image became obscured, but I could make out the form as Ellie stepped back and took his erection in her hands and began stroking. I knew her practice well. She grabbed the soap and lathered her hands, then returned to stroking his cock hand over hand. I knew from experience how quickly his urgency would build.
I heard Robert's plea, "Please, you are going to make me come."
"Yes, I want to watch you come for me." Ellie urged.
I could make out the rapid movement of her arms as she stroked him faster, hand over hand. I could see his body arch and heard his grunt as he began cumming for her. Her movements began to slow and he slumped into her arms.
"You are incredible," he panted.
I watched them get out and dry each other like familiar lovers. Part of me was sad that it was not me standing there, but I knew she always returned to my side and my bed when her adventures were over. I was pleased that she had pleasured my boss. He was a good friend and proud of his sexual conquests. Now he knew just how sexy my wife could be. Maybe I did not have stories to match his at the end of the day, but I was married to the woman that likely exceeded any of his sexual partners, and that made me proud.
True to her form, Ellie walked out still naked with Robert who had dressed. I had forgotten to make breakfast, since I had become so involved watching their activity in the shower. Robert laughed and begged off. It was time to go.
Ellie walked him to the door and kissed him again, his hand running down automatically to cup her butt.
"I looked forward to a repeat of last night," Ellie said loud enough for me to hear.
She stood at the door naked and watched him walk to his car. She waited for him to turn and wave before she closed the door. Anyone driving by could have seen her on display. All I could do is shake my head in amazement.
Ellie walked back to me and put her arms around me. "Thank you," she said again. "I love you. Thank you for allowing me my pleasures. Robert is wonderful. We should have entertained him long before now. I need to attend to Charles tonight. He was so understanding and cooperative last night. You won't mind sleeping on the couch again?"
"Do you think my shorts were too tight?" Ellie asked as she spun in a slow turn displaying her naked body to me. "Maybe I shouldn't wear them around others."
I smiled, "No, I think they are just right. You should wear them more often."