Part 1
'Are you sure this is a good idea?' I asked my friend as we were getting out of the car. 'What if there are people we know here?'
It had been two weeks since our nude sunbathing and mutual masturbation. Is that what it is called though? We masturbated in front of each other. So, whatever that is. Ok, and then we kissed a bit.
Since then we ignored it for about a week but then started talking about it. We both agreed that the catalyst for the whole thing was being nude outside and how much of a turn on that was. From there one thing led to another. The other being that there is a nude beach not too far from where I live. It is something that was always joked about at school. People told stories of going but I'm not sure anyone ever did. It was never something that was talked about seriously and never something that was discussed in any way other than: 'ew, wouldn't that be weird.'
But things were different now. We had both admitted to each other that we really liked being nude outside. Inside too I supposed. When I think about it, that is probably might explain why I've always slept naked. Apart from that I've never really had any opportunities be nude until the past few years since I finished high school and my parents were happy to leave me in the house alone.
'Well, everyone will be doing the same thing, so they are not going to care,' came the immediate reply from my friend. We were sitting in the parking lot, and had been for a few minutes. We had both agreed to go to the nude beach, but once we were there we froze.
'Ok, let's talk this through then,' I said. 'We are talking about getting naked in public.'
'Not public. In public it is against the rules. At this beach it is actually the rule to be naked.'
'Ok, that is fair.'
'So, what is worrying you the most?' she asked.
That was a big question. A really big one. What was worrying me? I was able to admit to myself that I liked being naked. That I liked swimming in the nude. I go to the beach all the time in bikinis. What is the problem? What?
'What if someone sees us? What if they think we are weird?' That was my problem. The shame of being weird and different.
'Umm. I think I've already answered that, haven't I?'
'Ok, yes. But it is hard to shake.'
'I know. I feel the same way.'
'You do? Why didn't you say?' I asked.
'Because I'm busy talking you off the ledge!'
'But if you don't want to go either...'
'Hang on, I didn't say that. I just said I was scared. I definitely want to do this.'
'What? I'm confused.' I said.
'Ok,' she said. 'I'll try to explain.'
She hesitated a moment, as if collecting her thoughts, then continued, 'I'm nervous. I'm a bit scared. The idea of being out there in front of people is terrifying. The idea of being judged is terrifying. We are sitting in this car and putting it off and I'm kind of ok with that. But on the other hand, Well, how can I put this.'
Then she continued, 'I'm wet just thinking about going out there nude. And I really really want to do it, no matter how scary it is.'
This shocked me. I couldn't believe she was telling me she was wet. I felt an immediate a tingling in my pussy, and I immediately thought back to when I was staring directly at her wet pussy.
'What?' she asked.
'Ok. Firstly, you've talked me into it. It is good to know you are nervous too. And I want to go with you. I'll need you to take the lead though.' Then I stopped talking. Not sure how to continue.
'And secondly?'
'Well, secondly. Secondly now I'm a bit turned on too. And thirdly, I can't believe you said that!'
'What, that I'm wet?' she quickly replied. Then she moved her hand to her pussy. We were both wearing bikinis with sarongs over the top. Enough to cover everything when we were standing but sitting down allowed easy access to the pussy, should that be a goal. It never had been before but apparently things change.
I looked at her hand and saw it go between her legs, and rub up and down. Then I looked at her. She was looking at me, and smiled. She moved her hand again and when I looked down again I saw her hand going down the front of her bikini, all the way down between her thighs. I saw her clearly rubbing her clit, then moving further down and pushing a finger into her pussy. Then she pulled it out and reached over to me. She traced my lips with her finger and I could feel that it was wet and could smell her pussy on her finger. Instinctively I opened my mouth and licked her finger. She pushed it into my mouth and I closed my lips on it and circled it with my tongue. Our eyes met and she said, 'You are so fucking hot. My god.'
I opened my mouth and she took out her finger. 'So are you.'
It was probably only a moment that elapsed but a thousand thoughts went through my head. I couldn't believe that I'd just had her finger in my mouth. I couldn't believe that her finger had her juices on it. And I couldn't believe how much I liked it.
'So, you ready now?' she asked, breaking me out of my thoughts.
'Are you asking if I am so turned on by the idea of this, and of seeing you naked again, that it outweighs the fear of being naked in public?'
'Yes, that is exactly what I'm asking.'
'Then yes, absolutely,' I replied.
'Awesome. Let's do this.' She opened the door and got out of the car and I automatically did the same.
We walked around to the back of the car to get our bags. There was a sign up, just for people like us, it seemed. 'Please remain dressed in the parking lot. Disrobe when you reach the beach.'
I closed the trunk and turned to my friend. She smiled at me, took my hand, then turned towards the path to the beach.
Part 2
The path wound through some dunes so you couldn't see the beach until you were right on it, which I suppose is part of the reason it was designated a nude beach. It wouldn't really be the same if it could be seen from the road!
Suddenly, as we wound around a corner, we were on the beach. The ocean was in front of us, gentle waves crashing on the beach. The beach itself was incredible. Soft sand, about 50 yards from where we were to the water, which curved around in a horseshoe shape, making it secluded but big enough to feel open.
Both of us stopped when we got to the beach. We looked at each other, then back to the beach.
'Ok, where to now?' I asked.
'Let's go over there,' she said, pointing to the area to the right of the entrance we were standing in.
She immediately started walking in the direction she pointed, and I, of course, followed. It was a perfect day, so there were quite a few people there. It felt very awkward to look at them, but it was hard not to. Thank god for sunglasses. There was an old couple walking to the beach, hand in hand. Two women sunbathing on their backs, and a guy sunbathing on his stomach. They were all nude, but we were still wearing our bikinis and sarongs.
'Are we supposed to be naked already?' I asked.
'Nah, let's just find a good spot and get settled. Then do it.'
'Ok, that sounds good.'
We kept walking, getting closer and closer to the guy on his stomach. He was facing the other way and couldn't possibly have known we were there . Then he rolled onto his back and I could see his face. My heart dropped, and I squeezed my friend's hand.
'Oh my god. That is our old coach, right?' I whispered.
'Oh wow. I think you're right.'
'What do we do?'
'We keep going of course. On the same path we were already on.'
'This is weird.'
'Yes, but it will be weird for him too. And we are still dressed.'
This helped me control the knots in my stomach and I kept walking next to her. We were getting closer and closer. I could make out more and more of him and could eventually see his and heavily groomed groin.
Just as I was starting to wonder if he had noticed us, he looked directly over at us and waved.
'What do we do?' I asked.
'Well, we need to be polite, and normal, I think.'
So, we walked over towards our naked coach. My god this was weird.
'Hey guys,' he said. 'Beautiful day for it.'
'Sure is,' replied my friend instantly. Taking it all in her stride.
'I haven't seen you here before,' he said.
'First time,' she said, and smiled.
'Oh, awesome. You'll love it. Just relax. No one cares about anything here.'
'Ok, thanks for the advice. See you later.' She said, and started walking. I wasn't feeling anywhere near as brave as she did, but gave him a quick smile and followed my friend, a step or two behind.
'That was SO weird,' I said.
'Well, like I said, it is probably just as weird for him to see us.'
'Ok, maybe, but he was naked.'
'Well, we will be too. And he will see it.'
'What?' I quickly asked.
'We are stopping here.' she said.
We were about 20 yards away from where he was and my friend stopped and put her bag down.
'Are you serious?'
'Absolutely.'
'But we are so close.'
'No we aren't, and he isn't even looking in this direction. We have to stop somewhere and this is a pretty great spot.' With that she reached down and started unpacking her towel and sunscreen.
I stood still for a moment, with my bag still in my hand. I quickly realised that I was still just scared, and that the next step was to find a spot and take my clothes off. Then I realised, there was no spot to take my clothes off. I would be doing it out in the open. And this shook me and excited me, like just about everything else. Somehow it seemed different to be suddenly magically naked, compared to stripping off in public. Stripping can be such a sensual thing. But... 'Oh, come on, get a grip and just do it,' I thought to myself. Then I put my bag down and started unpacking it, just as my friend was.
We both took off our sarongs and started to put sunscreen on, just like we had done hundreds of times before at the beach. Legs, first, then arms. Stomach and chest, then neck and face. At this point we usually do each other's backs. I was just finishing my face when my friend turned around and asked me to do her back. I moved over and squirted out some sunscreen. Then, without saying anything, she took her top off. I gasped out loud.
'Wow, I can't believe you just did it, simple as that.'
'Well, not that simple, but pretty amazing.'
'Really?'
'Oh, yes. Can you feel that light breeze?'
'No.'
'Well, you will feel it on your nipples once you take your top off.'
'Haha, ok, that's something to look forward to.'
I kept going on her back. She has a big back, wide shoulders, and I love both those things. She's pretty muscular but not excessively so. And, at 6-1, she was quite a specimen.
She knew when I was done and turned around to face me. That was when I saw those incredible boobs again.
'Wow, they are still spectacular,' I said, unable to help myself.
'Thanks sweetie. That's always nice to hear. Now it is time for your back, ok?'
I looked at her. 'Ok, I'm ready. But we need to swap places.'
'Why?'
'Because he is over there, I don't want to be facing him.'
'Absolutely no way,' came the immediate response. 'Suck it up and do it.'
She said the last part more strongly than the first. So much so that I turned around and did what I was told without thinking. I undid my top and let it fall onto my towel. Oh my god, I was actually doing this. I felt like I should be covering up my boobs, but knew I didn't have to. I was terrified but also so turned on.
'Oh my god.'
'I feel like you are saying that a lot,' she said.
'I'm thinking it a lot too!'
'Haha, me too.'
Then I felt her hands on my bare back, rubbing in the sunscreen. I just stood there and looked around as she did her job. I could see our coach lying on his back, looking straight up. I hoped he couldn't see me. A bit further away I could see the couple returning from the beach. Then some more further away. All in all I counted about 25 people. All different sizes and shapes and genders. All naked.
'All done sweetie,' I heard.
I turned around and faced her.
'Hey, my eyes are up here,' she said.
'Sorry, I couldn't help myself.'
'Want to touch them?'
'Out here? No way. Jesus.'
'Pity,' she said, then changed the subject somewhat. 'I still love your nipples and would love to touch them.'
'Hell no.'
'Maybe later?'
This relaxed me a little, 'well, that might be possible,' and I smiled.
'In that case I guess I'll have to put sunscreen on my own boobs,' she said, and started doing just this. I did the same, but was watching her every move. My nipples were starting to tingle and were definitely getting hard. I couldn't help but start to rub them and tweak them. She was doing just the same and we were both clearly enjoying ourselves.
'Probably should stop now,' she said. 'We still have more to do.'
I knew what she meant but didn't want to bring it up myself.
I watched her as she stopped rubbing her nipples and moved her hands to her bikini bottoms. She quickly slid them down her legs and took them off then threw them onto the towel.
'Your turn now.'
'I can't'
'You can and you will,' she said, with that same slightly forceful tone as before. Once again I did as I was told and very quickly I was standing naked, in front of my naked friend, at the beach, in front of a whole lot of other people.
'How do you feel,' she asked.
'Terrified,' I replied. 'Exhilarated,' I added.
'I know exactly how you feel.'
'Really?'
'Of course, I'm just not complaining about it!'
'Fuck you,' I replied.
'Haha, you're welcome.'
Then she got her sunscreen. 'Want some?' she asked.
She poured some out on my hand, and took some herself. I realised how weird I felt, once again. I'd never put sunscreen on my butt before. I'd never had to. But I followed her lead and protected my butt, then moved around to the front.
'By the way, I love how clean your pussy is. Do you shave it, or wax?' she asked.
'I actually got a Brazilian yesterday, specially. Thanks for noticing,' and I smiled.
'Haha, you're welcome. I shaved this morning specially. And then I masturbated, thinking about this exact moment, finally being nude in public. I am so fucking excited right now. And the only thing I have left to put sunscreen on is my pussy, and as soon as I touch anything near there I'm going to want to masturbate again. Oh, and by the way, belated Overshare Alert.'
'Haha, too little too late. But also, that's fine. Not gonna lie, I masturbated as soon as I got home from the waxing. I went home to look at it in the mirror and, well, one thing led to another.'
'Yeah, I get that, she replied. Then she squirted out some sunscreen and started rubbing it on her skin. Going down from her belly button, to the top of her pussy. I started doing the same and pretty soon we were both trying not to rub out clits at the same time.
'Ok,' I said. 'I think maybe we should go for a swim to cool off.'
'Oh wow, I thought I'd have to talk you into doing that.'
'Haha, well, I'm scared as hell, but I've got to do something to distract myself from rubbing my clit and staring at your body, otherwise I'm not going to be able to stop myself.'
So, we put away our sunscreen and started walking down to the water. It was such a thrill. Walking along, in public. Wearing nothing at all. Even though there was not much material in a bikini, it felt so different. The breeze felt different. The sun felt different on my skin. My nipples were hard and my pussy was wet. It all felt awesome.
Before long we got to the water. I was a bit disappointed with the idea of my body not being exposed, but excited to feel the water on my skin. It was cold, but not too cold. And we both just started wading in until we were up to our waists. Then took the plunge and ducked under the water. I came up first and was wiping the water from my eyes. Then she came up slowly, facing me. Her head first, then shoulders, then her boobs started coming out of the water. They looked incredible. It was as if a photographer was lighting our tiny little world. The sun was shining perfectly on her, sparkling the water sliding down her boobs, making channels around her nipples. She completely stood up now and looked absolutely spectacular, like an Amazon goddess. All I wanted to do was reach out and touch them, and touch her.
After a few moments she opened her eyes and looked directly at me.
'This feels incredible,' she said. 'And you look incredible. I am very, very, very glad that we came. What about you?'
'My god. Same. And YOU look incredible. Oh my fucking god. When you came out of the water just then you looked amazing.'
'Oh, thanks sweetie. Anything in particular?'
I hesitated, as I always seem to do, but thought I'd go with honesty. 'Your boobs looked just perfect. The light, the water, the situation. It was all I could do not to reach out and touch them.'
'I wish you had,' she immediately replied.
'Are you serious? Out in the open?'
'I'm serious. I wish you had. I'm not completely sure it would be a good idea though,' she said, and laughed when she'd finished.
This made me relax. It was nice joking about things. Things that were pretty serious and made me ask questions about myself. But really, I already knew the answers. I knew that my friend turned me on. I knew that I found women attractive, as well as guys. I knew that I was really turned on being naked in public like this. And I knew my friend felt the same. So I started to relax and then I got a bit of courage. But before I could say anything my friend broke the silence.
'What are you thinking about?'
This time I didn't hesitate. 'I'm thinking about how hot you are and about how hot I feel out here naked in the water.'
She smiled. A caring smile. 'Me too.'
Then she slowly slid down so her boobs were under the water. I could see her hands move to her nipples as she started pinching them. This was all I needed to see and so I copied her actions and I could barely wait until my nipples were below the waterline before I started pinching them hard.
'Come over here,' I heard her say as I was thinking about how turned on I was. So I did as I was told and moved over. She took her hands off her nipples and moved them to mine. I dropped my hands so she could access my long hard nipples. I was looking down at her hands as she said, 'I've thought a lot about when you sucked my nipple back at your place. I really want to do it to you.'
'Out here?' I asked immediately. But quickly wished I hadn't. Because I really wanted to feel her mouth on my nipples.
'Yes, out here.' She released my nipples and stood up, so I did the same. 'Move around so that you are facing away from the beach.'
I did as I was told and she moved around to face me. Once again I couldn't take my eyes off her boobs. But as I was looking at them they quickly disappeared underwater as she ducked down to my nipple level. Before I could say anything she put one in her mouth and sucked hard. It felt incredible. I could only assume no one could see what was happening but I was very quickly too turned on to care. Then she moved to the other nipple. Before putting it in her mouth her eyes looked up at me and she asked, 'Are you enjoying this as much as I am?'
I smiled and said, 'Well, I'm enjoying it a lot.'
She smiled back and said, 'Hopefully I can make it even better.'
She put the other nipple in her mouth and gently nibbled. It felt amazing but not as amazing as a moment later when I felt a hand move up between my legs. I instinctively spread my legs to give access, without thinking that this was my best friend and I was on a public beach.
Quickly her hand moved up and her thumb immediately found my clit. For some reason this surprised me as any guys who had their hand between my legs had no idea where it might be, if they even cared. But this thought was quickly pushed out of my mind as a finger gently slid into me.
So there I was, naked, at the beach, with my friend's mouth on my nipple and her finger inside me. As she worked her thumb my legs quivered a little. It was ridiculous how good this felt and how much I didn't care about the location. I felt like I would come any time now. But she stopped suddenly. Her mouth came away, and her finger slid out of me. Then she stood up in front of me.
I was almost breathless when I said, 'I can't believe you stopped, I was just about ready to come.'
'In that case the timing was perfect.'
'How mean!'
'Haha. Yes. Maybe. But that is because I know that the first time I make you come I want it to be from something else.'
'Well, that is ok then,' I immediately said, not quite knowing what she meant.
'So, aren't you forgetting something?'
'Sorry, what?' I replied as I thought about what that other thing might be.
'Well, you said you wanted to play with my boobs but now you are just standing there doing nothing.'
I smiled. Yes, I really wanted to do that. 'That sounds like a fantastic idea. Let's switch places.'
She smiled back. 'No.'
'No? No I can't touch your boobs, or no you won't switch places?'
'No I won't switch places.'
'But what if someone sees? With you there was at least plausible deniability.'
'I don't want plausible deniability. I want to stand here while you are sucking on my tits and playing with my pussy and if someone sees then, well, that would be awesome. And what's even better, I will be able to see them too.'
I knew she wasn't kidding. She had a tone in her voice that was clear and commanding.
Then she reached out and put her hands behind my head, then pulled it down towards her boobs. At that moment I forgot about anything except those spectacular tits and I just wanted them in my mouth. I opened my mouth wide and tried to get as much of her boob in my mouth as I could. Then my hand automatically reached up and started squeezing the other one. My mouth was gently chewing and sucking and pushing against one boob while my hand was squeezing and tweaking the other. I felt like I could have done it for hours. I'd never felt so good and happy exploring someone else's body.
After a while, nowhere nearly enough, I felt her hand on mine. She immediately started moving it down under the water, and I immediately realised I'd completely forgotten about her pussy. Eager to make up for this I quickly found her clit and started rubbing it as hard as I could. This earned me a gasp from my friend which made me feel good. I was just starting to get into a rhythm when she took a step backwards. My heart dropped and I wondered what I'd done wrong. I looked up at her and she looked flustered.
'What's wrong?' I asked.
She smiled and said, 'Oh my god. Nothing sweetie. Nothing at all. That felt incredible. I just didn't want to come yet.'
That was a relief. So I stood up facing her. I picked up on her cue, 'What do you mean just yet?'
She smiled, 'Because there is something in particular I have in mind that I want to be doing when you make me come.'
I immediately smiled back. A million thoughts going through my head and all of them exciting.
'Come on, let's get out,' she said, and reached for my hand. I looked her in the eyes and smiled again, taking her hand, we walked back towards the beach together. I can't speak for her but I just felt happy. And horny of course. I was walking naked through the water with my friend. We were holding hands and I felt so close to her. I had just been fingering her and devouring her incredible tits, which I'd been dreaming about since we first tanned naked together. But I also felt that warm feeling of closeness. Oneness? That rare feeling you get when you are not just attracted but connected with someone. The fact that someone was this amazon goddess was not really what I would have been expecting just two weeks ago, but none of that mattered in the moment.
She squeezed my hand and I looked at her.
'Looks like we have drifted in the water a bit. Our towels are over there,' as she pointed diagonally across the beach. In the direct line between our towels and where we found ourselves on the shore was our old coach.
I looked at her and she was already smiling.
'You look like you are enjoying this,' I said.
'Well, I have to admit that, yes, I am. Not as much as he was enjoying watching us just now.'
Just hearing this made me turn red for the, I don't know how many times, today.
'What the hell?' I sputtered. 'When I was...when we were...'
'Yes.'
'Why didn't you say something?'
'Ok, that's a fair question,' and she smiled. Not a happy smile, probably more a smirk. 'To be honest I didn't really notice until right at the end. If I remember correctly you had your face in my tits and your fingers rubbing my clit. I wasn't really focusing on anything other than you. But at some point I noticed that he was looking in our direction. I don't think he could see much. But it was a bit exciting thinking he could see.' Then she hesitated a moment before asking, 'Are you mad at me?'
I thought for a moment and realised that I wasn't mad. Just shocked. In fact, I think I was a bit turned on by the idea too. I don't think I would have done it deliberately but it happened.
'No, I'm not mad. Just took me by surprise. On a related note, I'm starting to realise just how much of an exhibitionist you are.'
'Oh really, it is taking you this long?'
'Well, you have such an incredible body but you always wear really baggy things. I've never seen this side of you.'
'Haha. I get that. I've always been self conscious of my body. It isn't that easy growing up and being taller than guys and having these things stick out. But recently I've been starting to loosen up a bit more. The first time I posted on Insta in a bikini was really scary, but now I quite enjoy it!'
'Ah, that is true. Makes sense. And the good thing is that now more people get to see how hot you are.'
'Aw thanks,' she replied, and seemed to become a bit shy right before my eyes. But then she changed back into her commanding mode. Maybe her shoulders went back a bit. Maybe her boobs stuck out a bit. It was only subtle, but there was a change in her.
'Well, you're going learn a bit more soon, because we are going to walk right up to coach and say hi. And we are going to do it hand in hand. And, I can't speak for you, but I will have hard nipples and juices running down the inside of my legs, which I hope will look like sea water.'
'Haha, you have a dirty mind,' I said. 'Well,' I continued, 'I can't speak for you but my nipples will definitely be hard and I'm getting wet just thinking about it. Let's do it,' and I squeezed her hand. She looked at me and smiled.
'I have to admit that I was hoping for a bit more of a fight, but I'm glad you're with me.'
We started walking directly towards him. I could feel the air cooling me down and drying the water from the sea. It still felt amazing being naked at the beach like this. And I wanted to remember it as clearly as I could. I was thinking about the sensations on my skin. I could especially feel the breeze on my nipples and could feel them hardening and sticking out more and more. I could feel my pussy tingling and getting wet. All while I was getting closer and closer to my old coach, who was just as naked as the two of us.
'Fuck I love how long your nipples get,' she said, and broke me out of my own thoughts. Then she reached over and pinched one, which shocked me. I don't know why, considering what we had just done in the water, but it somehow seemed much more brazen here on the beach. I must have looked annoyed.
'Sorry,' she said.
'No need to be sorry, just didn't expect it, that's all.'
'Whew!' she replied. 'I didn't even really think about it, just saw them and wanted to pinch it. I probably shouldn't have. But I'm glad I did!'
'Haha. I probably feel the same way. But anyway, what did you want to say to coach? You want to tease him? Is that what this is about?'
'Good question. Well. Lot's of things probably. I really like the idea of going up to him in the nude. That part of it seems kinda forbidden and dangerous and that turns me on right now.'
'Everything turns you on right now,' I replied.
'Haha. Yes. Very true.'
'Sorry to interrupt though. Why else?'
'Well, I also figure that because he is here, he won't judge. And so I want to just go and be relaxed and pretend everything is normal.'
'Normal! I think being naked and him seeing me motorboat you isn't all that normal. Even holding hands isn't normal. We have never done that before.'
'I know, but that is my point. If he is here then he obviously has an open mind and won't judge us.'
'Oh, ok. That makes a bit of sense,' I replied.
We kept walking straight to him. He was lying on his stomach and didn't seem to know we were coming. Eventually we got to him and stopped. He didn't seem to realise we were here. I looked up at my friend and she shrugged.
'Hi Coach,' she said eventually. He turned his head to face us and smiled.
'Hi guys, how's the water?' Then he rolled over onto his side so he could see us without straining his neck.
'The water was great,' I said. 'Just about perfect really,' chimed in my friend.
'Awesome,' he replied. Then hesitated a moment before asking, 'So, do you mind if I ask how you are finding it here? On your first visit?'
My friend immediately replied, 'Oh it is awesome. I have to admit, we were both very scared, but it is just so freeing.'
'I'm glad,' he replied. 'That's how I feel about it too. And you guys seem to be completely embracing it.' He pointed to our hands that were still intertwined. 'I didn't know you were seeing each other, or is it new?'
'Very new,' I replied. And pulled her hand up to my mouth and kissed it. 'Lots of firsts today.'
'Yes, I think I might have seen another one in the water earlier,' he said.
I was a bit stunned. I didn't think he would bring it up. This was supposed to be us teasing him! Luckily my friend kept her cool.
'Haha,' she laughed. 'We might have got a bit carried away in the water. But you did tell us that no one cares about anything.'
'Haha,' he responded. 'I definitely did say that. And you took it at face value which I wasn't expecting. But, regardless, good for you. This place is about being yourself and not judging. And if you are feeling comfortable and a bit horny, well, why not, as long as you don't get in anyone else's way.'
'Definitely comfortable and definitely horny,' she replied, stepping way past any topic of conversation that we had ever had with him before.
He smiled, 'Well, you guys have a great rest of your day. I think it is time for a swim for me.'
And then he got up and started walking towards the beach. He hesitated for a moment and turned around. He waved and said, 'Really cool to see you guys here. I'm glad you are happy.'
We waved as he turned and resumed walking.
I looked at her and said, 'Wow, that was pretty cool. I'm glad we did that.'
'Yeah, it was pretty cool, wasn't it.' And then she reached down and kissed me gently on the lips. Feeling her lips on mine was fantastic. She came closer and I could feel her body against me. Our skin touching. We had been intimate in the water, but this was sensual. This wasn't about getting off, this was about caring for each other.
Our mouths quickly parted and our arms reached around each other as we tried to get as close as we could. We kissed gently. Then we got more passionate. Then gently again. Just standing there naked in the middle of the beach. It was amazing. I'd never felt anything like it before. It was like we had stepped out of the world and into our own little private place.
'My turn to interrupt this time,' came a voice which broke me out of my focus. We stopped kissing and looked to where the sound came from. He was back from his swim and was reaching down for a towel.
'Oh my god, I'm so sorry,' my friend said.
'Oh don't be silly,' he said. At this point he was naked and standing in front of us drying himself. We were still embracing but looking at him. 'You have absolutely nothing to be sorry for,' he continued, 'and feel free to continue, I just wanted you to know that I was back.'
We separated and turned to face him. As exposed to him as he was to us.
My friend replied, 'Well, it is a bit awkward, but thank you for saying it. We just got a bit carried away.'
'Yeah, that can happen a bit here. I understand.'
'Ok, we will go this time. Thanks again for your support and kind words, they mean a lot.'
'No problem. Enjoy the rest of your day. I kinda think you will.'
'Oh, we definitely will,' she said. And with that we walked away.
'You think he is looking at our asses?' I asked.
'Haha, I sure hope so.' And then she released my hand and squeezed my butt instead.
'Great ass,' she said.
'Thanks,' and I gave hers a squeeze too. 'You too. But your boobs are better!'
Eventually we got back to our bags and started to pack up.
'I really don't want to have to put clothes back on again now,' I said.
'I know, right? I was thinking the same thing. I hadn't expected that. Coming here I was just thinking about whether I would do it, not how I would feel afterwards.'
'Ok, so what are we going to do?'
'How about just sarongs and no bikinis?'
'Oh wow. That is pretty interesting,' I replied.
'It is, isn't it.'
We locked eyes and that was all it took to know we were both all in. We were going to go from the thrill of being naked in a place that allowed it, to the thrill of being not quite naked in a place that doesn't.
So, with some disappointment for having to put on clothes again, but with the excitement of wearing something that could reveal everything with a gust of wind, we both gathered our gear, put on sarongs and walked back to the car.
Part 3
We got to the entrance to the path back to the parking lot and I stopped for a moment. She turned to face me and smiled.
'What is it?' she asked.
'I just wanted to thank you for making me do this. You know I wouldn't have otherwise and I absolutely loved it. I just wanted to tell you that and take some time to remember this moment and this day.'
'Aw, you're sweet,' she said, and moved towards me to give me a hug. I could feel her body against me, with just thin sarong material between us. She leaned down a little to kiss me on the lips. Just a sudden and beautiful gesture. It made me feel loved.
'I have to admit,' she continued, 'that I loved it too. It was great to have a largely willing partner in crime. And also great that I got to finger her and make out with her at the beach. But I have to let you know, the day isn't over yet.'
'Oh? What do you have in mind?'
'Well, that would ruin the surprise, wouldn't it?'
'Haha, now I'm nervous.'
'Oh, you should be,' she replied, and started walking through the parking lot to the car.
I followed behind and was able to see her body, barely covered by a thin cotton layer, that was doing everything it could to display her body to the world. At one point I could clearly see the whole of her butt. At another I could see that her boobs and pussy would clearly be visible to anyone in front of her. The fact that she was boldly walking ahead like this gave me the confidence to follow her. Then I started to realise what was happening to my sarong and, unsurprisingly, it was behaving the same as hers. For the first time I realised that we were not alone anymore, that anyone could see us out here. I quickly scanned around and saw a few people. None too close and no one looking at us. But then from behind a car two women appeared, carrying bags that looked like they were heading to the beach we had just come from.
I stopped for a moment to keep my sarong from blowing apart but my friend kept going towards the women. I couldn't see her face but I could imagine her smiling. I didn't want to get caught too far behind so I started walking again. Just as we were up to the women a big gust blew open both of our sarongs, exposing everything in a way that I was hoping wouldn't but excited that it did.
'Looks like you enjoyed your trip to the beach,' one of the women said politely.
'Oh yes, absolutely,' my friend replied. 'It was our first time and it is kinda hard to leave.'
'Haha, I see that you are having problems. Good on you. Enjoy the rest of your day.'
'Thanks, we intend to,' she replied as we passed them on the way to our car.
After putting our bags in the trunk, and at least three more gusts of beautiful, refreshing, revealing wind, it was time to start the journey home.
As soon as I sat down in the passenger seat I realised that while the sarong did a vaguely passable job to cover both my boobs and my pussy while standing and walking (in gustless moments of course), it was not doing a good job while sitting. It quickly fell open across my legs, exposing my pussy. I looked over and found that my friend was having the same problem. But as she was taller than me and had much bigger boobs, she was having similar problems up top as well. But, even though we hadn't talked about it, we both knew this was how we would drive home.
It was only about a 30 minute trip and we started by excitedly talking about the exploits at the beach. There was no lack of highlights and the conversation moved from the excitement, to the titillation, to the freedom, and to the penetration.
'Ok, I need you to do me a favour,' she suddenly said. 'Well, technically you will be doing yourself a favour too.'
'Ok, that sounds fine to me.'
'Great. I want you to open the glove compartment, take out the vibrator, and masturbate with it. Right now. And this isn't a discussion. So, just go ahead now.'
I was stunned. What was she doing with a vibrator in the glove box? Had she been planning this all along? Did she just keep one in there normally? No, that is a dumb question. But she was very clear with me and that was exciting so I decided to do exactly what she said.
I reached into the glove box and took out a blue vibrator. It was curved and a bit soft and had a thing sticking out to tease my clit (what ARE those bits called?. This was going to be good!
I spread my legs as wide as I could in the car, which was plenty to give me access to my pussy.
'Wider, 'she said.
I turned my head and could see she was looking at me in a commanding way. So I moved one foot and put it on the dash, and with the other I swung it over and put it next to her legs, on the other side of the centre console. Then I turned on the vibrator and started rubbing it against my clit.
'Put it all the way in, and just leave it there. Make sure it is pushing against your clit too,' she said.
I did exactly what I was told, immediately, and gasped as I did.
'Now loosen your sarong so your tits are out and rub your nipple with your other hand.
The combination of the situation and the sensation was quickly getting to me. I could see other cars going past us. They could probably have seen something. They could certainly see my foot on the dash. But they could not have had any idea how turned on I was.
'How're you feeling,' she asked.
'Pretty great. But I'd feel even better if I could see you rubbing your pussy too.'
'Oh, I can certainly do that,' she replied. 'And you can go ahead and pump that thing in and out of you if you want. Whatever you prefer. Because you are going to come while we are driving along regardless of who might be able to see you.'
I was way beyond caring about other people and just wanted to focus on my pussy. I was looking at her, the way her boobs were separated by the seatbelt, the way her fingers were rubbing her clit, and the way she was smiling the whole time, and glancing over at me as much as she could. This meant I didn't notice that she was driving directly next to another car, and that the driver of that car was watching me as much as they could as well. By the time I realised what was happening I was just about ready to come, so I did what any other new exhibitionist or nudist whatever it is I am would do: I smiled and waved and closed my eyes, before screaming out as I had one of the most incredible orgasms I'd ever had.
It took me some time to recover. I could feel a hand on my leg, gently rubbing up and down the inside of my thigh. Just brushing my hand, which was still holding the vibrator in my pussy.
'How was it?' she asked.
'That was incredible, possibly the best orgasm I've ever had. Certainly the best one with a toy.' Then I remembered something she said earlier. 'So, was that in your mind all along? Was that why you didn't want me to come in the water?'
'Haha, you remembered. Yes. Well, there were a couple of options, but that was always one of them. I'm really glad you enjoyed it.'
'Oh, I did. Wow. And the driver of the other car! I didn't even care by the time I noticed her looking. That was just mean. Awesome, but mean.'
'Haha,' she responded. 'Yeah. You should have seen the expression on her face when I pulled alongside. I think she was about to give me the finger for not overtaking until she realised what was happening. Pretty sure she could see my boobs and certain she could see your foot on the dash. And the expression on your face would have eliminated any other questions she might have had. Oh, and when you came I think she must have been able to hear you.'
'What, really?'
'Ok, probably not, but you really did let yourself go. I almost came myself just watching and listening to you!'
'Do you want to come now?' I asked, pulling the vibrator out of my pussing and putting it between her legs.
'Oh shit. Yes, but no. Bad idea. It was a dumb enough I idea just to be watching you. I don't want to crash, so as much as I enjoy what you're doing, you probably should take it away.'
So I took it out of her crotch and up to her face. I rubbed the wet vibrator around her mouth then on her cheeks, her nose, then back to her mouth. She quickly opened her lips and started licking it.
'I'm quite enjoying this, while you are helpless driving,' I said.
'Mumble mumble mumble,' she said. Or, something like that. She was pretending to try to talk while she had the vibrator in her mouth. Which made me laugh and relax and take back control of the toy.
'You crack me up,' I said.
She smiled and thanked me.
By this point we were nearly home. I wasn't sure what to do with the vibrator. I figured she had licked it clean pretty well so decided to put it back in the glove compartment. Neither of us were interested in covering up. I was about to say something when my friend broke the silence.
'Ok. I have a thought but it is completely up to you,' she said.
'Um, ok. Sure. What is your thought?'
'Well, we are nearly at your house now. So it is a much bigger deal for you than me, so I'll leave it entirely up to you, no pressure.'
'Tell me already!' I replied, starting to worry a little about how cautious she was being. She, who is usually so sure of what to do, even when she is wrong!
'Haha. Sorry. I guess I'm not sure it is at all a good idea. But it is definitely a hot idea.'
'Tell me! Jesus!'
'Let's stay naked when we get out of the car and go inside.'
'Are you crazy?'
'Should I take that as a 'no'?' she said.
So she was suggesting that we are nude going into my house. The house where I've lived my entire life. With neighbours who've known me since I was a little girl. Friends of my parents! Was she crazy?
'Ok, nevermind. I shouldn't have mentioned it. But you have to admit,' she said, 'it would be pretty damn hot.'
Well, she was right about that. It would be really hot. Shit, was I actually considering this? Did I have the courage to do it? Did the excitement outweigh the fear?
'Ok, let's do it,' I blurted out. I guess I had answered the question.
'What, really? Are you sure? I wasn't kidding, it really is up to you. Much bigger repercussions for you than me.'
'I know, but I just think it would be awesome. Let's do it.' I was surprised at my decisiveness.
'Ok, let's do it,' she replied. 'But not if there are, like, families around or anything like that.'
'Ok, yes, If there are people we won't do it, but if there aren't then we will just get out of the car as if everything in the world was the same as always, get the stuff from the car, and go into the house.'
'Agreed.'
So, this was it. One final boundary to stretch, if not break. I was so excited. Scared, of course, but excited too. The idea of doing this in the place I grew up seemed to normalise it for me. Somehow. Instead of hiding, we would just be acting normal and being comfortable. And there was nothing at all wrong with that. Was there?
'We're here,' I heard, which broke me out of my reflections.
'Shit, that was quick.'
She pulled up by the side of the road, just outside my house. She could have gotten closer but I guess she was being a tease. What a surprise. I started calculating in my head. About 20 feet to the gate, then about 40 feet to the front door. Plus getting our bags from the trunk. That added up to...this is a really bad idea after all!
'Ok,' I heard her say. 'Just like we said, normal, everything is normal. Let's just get out of the car and go to the house.'
I didn't say anything, but I undid my seatbelt, put my hand on the door handle and pulled. She did the same. As we got out of the seats the sarongs fell away, leaving us naked out on the road. I kept moving but was scanning everywhere to see if anyone was watching. I couldn't see anyone which was a relief and disappointment.
We got to the trunk. She had the keys so she unlocked it, and we got everything out. As she put her bag over her shoulder her boobs bounced, which broke me out of my mechanical motions and back into reality. And in that reality she was hot and her boobs were magnificent and I was turned on.
I shared that last thought with her and smiled.
'Oh, thanks sweetie,' she said, and leaned forward to give me a quick kiss. It seemed natural and comfortable already, just like the fact that her boobs brushed mine as she did it.
I closed the trunk and took her hand, then we walked from the car to the front door. I didn't hear anyone walking along or any cars, but I had no idea who might be able to see my butt and that was fine by me.
She still had the keys and was just reaching the door when she stopped suddenly.
'Crap,' she said. 'We forgot something.'
'What?'
'The vibrator!'
'Oh, that's not the end of the world.'
'Yes it is. I'll go back. You wait here.'
Before I had a chance to say anything she had put her bag down, turned around, and started for the car again. I turned to watch her go.
She was walking, but not hurrying. Just someone who forgot someone in the car. Not someone who forgot a vibrator in the car and was completely naked! I felt like I needed some sort of solidarity so I walked out from the porch to the driveway. Anyone going past would probably not notice me. I mean, why would you when she was right in front of you? But, I felt like I was supporting her.
She got to the car, opened the door and leaned over to get to the glove compartment, showing off her great arse. And that is when I heard the car, turning the corner onto our little quiet street. I immediately felt relieved that she could just get into the car and hide. But, of course, she didn't. She stood up and closed the door. She turned to face me and smiled and walked patiently back to where I was standing, with a vibrator in her hand. The people in the car must have seen her but I still couldn't see the car. Then it came into view. It was my neighbour. Oh fuck. She was slowing down and I could see her looking at my friend as she made her way back to the house. Then I saw that she noticed me. My heart dropped. How was I going to explain this?
I looked at her, not sure what to do, until I watched her smile at us and wave, just as she pulled into her drive. Here I was standing naked at the top of my driveway and my neighbour just smiles and waves. I couldn't believe it. Instinctively, I smiled and waved back.
I must have frozen in place because I didn't notice anything untli my friend took my hand and we walked the rest of the way back to the front door. Hopefully the plan would come together this time! I stopped before we got there so she had room to open the door, but she stopped too. She turned and said, 'ok, one last thing.'
By now, seeing as every decision to say 'yes' had ended up working out perfectly, I didn't hesitate.
'Anything,' I said.
She reached out, took the bag from my shoulder and put it on the ground. Then did the same with hers. She reached out again, this time for my hand. WhenI took it she immediately pulled me to her. I put my arms around her and tilted my head up to kiss her. I was looking in her eyes when she said, 'anything?'
I was confused at first because I thought this was it. Then I realised she had something else in mind, but it didn't faze me. 'Anything,' I replied.
Then she moved backwards a little and put the vibrator in my hand. 'I want you to use this on me, right here and right now.'
Of course she did, what a great idea. Nothing else entered my mind as we stood in front of the door. There could have been a hundred people watching and it wouldn't have made me hesitate. So I turned the vibrator on and moved it down to her clit. I rubbed it around and up and down and around all over again. Then I tilted it upwards, moved it downwards and slid it into her.
I could feel her tense or a moment and, what was that, a shiver? I moved forward a little to press my body against hers. The vibrator was as far in her as I could make it and the clit stimulator was doing the job on her it was designed to do, but I wanted a piece of that action too. We started kissing at that moment, passionately. Not the tenderness that we had on the beach but with an urgency. As if we knew we needed to do it quickly because there wasn't much time left.
In the depths of my senses I thought I heard a car go past but that didn't matter. I was close to coming and pushing hard up against her. Then she came and I immediately felt a wetness on my hand.
Our kisses slowed down and became more tender. I may have heard another car, or maybe more. I don't know how long we stood like that. But eventually we separated and opened our eyes.
She smiled at me. A smile with all her face and mouth and eyes and body. It made me feel like I could fly. We stayed like that for a while, just looking into each other's eyes and smiling.
'Ok, last order for today,' she said. 'Leave the vibrator where it is, unlock the door, pick up the bags and lead me into the house by the pussy.'
I just laughed at her and did what I was told. Somehow it seemed strange for me to be leading her at the end of the day, when she had been the one driving me for most of it. But apart from that, it just made me smile and we awkwardly entered the house, as the sun was setting on our day of firsts.