My wife and I have known Charlie since he was 18 and leaving for college. Now he's about 25 and a physicist, working in the space program industry. The man is a genius, but has sacrificed his social life due to the "nerd" label that really does apply to him. With the opposite sex, he just is beyond his comfort zone, and has admitted his shame in still being inexperienced and a virgin. Originally Alex met him while she was back in school completing her Master's Degree in Environmental Law. We keep in touch usually monthly, but Charlie recently relocated to our town and we've spent much more time together as a result. He's a good guy, I trust him like a brother, and Alex cares for him like her lost kitty. So many men are always hitting on Alex quite aggressively that she loves being around Charlie even more, as he is clearly so smitten with her and equally kind. Anything Alex would want, he would jump to do for her.
So his success in his field is excelled by his failure in having a love life. He's been kind of depressed over it, and Alex tries to give him confidence and build up his ego. He knows girls like confident men, but Charlie is a novice beyond his professional skills.
That being said, we were hanging around with each other more and more, and Charlie opened up to us from his heart. I am not the slightest bit jealous of his obvious lust for Alex, as this is something most men instantly feel for her too. Petite, half Asian, tom-boyish with a figure, she is a magnet for men. Not only don't I mind, I also love it. She is a sweet little tease, still learning the unbridled power this young lady has over men. Being submissive by nature, this power is nothing she has ever exploited, but she has learned the ability to "top from the bottom". That's a BDSM term for a submissive being in control of a Dominant. Our private life is very much centered around BDSM, but outside the bedroom, Alex is not shy about calling the shots! But I don't want her to know I know that.
Tonight, Charlie was over as we kicked back with a Cabernet and went from hot tub to pool to the den where we dried off and watched a movie. I wanted to see Bird Box and Charlie and I liked it but a little too violent for Alex. She left and did some things around the house and returned in a pair of shorts that showed her cheeks and a cut off top showing an inch or so from the high cut shorts to below her breasts. Delicate little buttons closed the front and thin straps showed her bare shoulders. Not a big deal considering she had a string bikini on earlier that showed more, and got naked under the water in the hot tub. I didn't think Alex would intentionally display herself to Charlie, but I sensed she wanted to give him a little something to cheer him up, as subtle as she was. It's damn near impossible for Alex to not be sexy, so I'm sure Charlie noticed every little detail of her charm, especially in the tub.
I gave them some time to chat, as I thought he might open up more to Alex than to me. When I returned 40 minutes later , they sat on the floor and Alex had her knees up and legs nervously moving together and apart, over and over. She told me Charlie wished he had her to be his girlfriend, and she blushed and said any girl would be lucky. The wine took its effect and we all discussed his issues with girls, and he wished out loud that Alex would teach him to be more attractive to girls, or at least let him experience some things he fantasized about. I laughed and said she was too expensive, and he blurted out he'd pay anything for a chance to be with her. I calmed him down and said Alex would be happy to spend some alone time with you just for your company and friendship. She glanced at me from the corner of her eyes and I gave her a look that she knew I was serious. Charlie questioned me and I said anytime you want to use Alex to show you some things you are missing, it's ok with us. We talked details and arrived at a set of ground rules, like no cock penetration but he could pretty much experiment with anything else he wanted. He could undress her, toy with her body, touch, feel, kiss, lick, try some BDSM things he said he fantasized about, like bondage and humiliation. Alex jumped in at humiliation and surprisingly exclaimed, "What!!"
Charlie said he watches a lot of porn and got a lot of ideas, so I said, whoa...nothing that would injure or hurt her, and he understood and agreed. So we made our carriage house available for playtime, It was out back and under renovation, and would be close to me while they played. In my head I already selected where I would place the camera to make sure Alex was always ok. So also cause I am a perv and wanted to see everything!
After Charlie left, we talked about how excited he told her he was and Alex questioned if I knew what I was doing. I told her she would do what he tells her and that this will be a part of her training to be my toy, plaything, and possibly even whore. In any event, she was going to learn about humiliation, and she swallowed hard. This is something that had always scared her and she avoided. But there was an undeniable link of her embarrassment to arousal, and I intended to make that all the more obvious to her. My admitted sadistic tendencies made her nervous as hell, but she knew I would never hurt her - not in a bad way.
Later in the week we talked about Charlie calling her every night that week and excitedly telling her how anxious he was to get started. So Saturday night would be the first "lesson" of what turned out to be quite a few. My cameras were ready and I told Alex I would be watching everything to keep her safe and watch her seduce Charlie more and more. But the rules I gave Charlie applied to both of them, and she knew it.
Saturday arrived and I admit to being very nervous, mostly excited. I had never sent Alex off alone with anyone, although we did have our adventures. Charlie arrived, went directly to the carriage house and called Alex on her cell. She was very nervous, worried what would happen to their friendship mostly by taking this provocative step to help him. She wore a skirt and top I picked out for her, sans underwear. Nothing outrageously sexy, as Alex looks blistering hot in almost anything. She told Charlie I was out working late, thinking that would put him more at ease. He lit candles and asked her to dance with him. He was a good dancer, something that for some reason surprised me. They danced very close and I watched on the monitor as his hands began to wander over her ass and under the back of her top. The audio was good, but only when the music was turned off. I made a mental note to make audio adjustments so I could hear them more clearly when talking.
Charlie sat on the sofa and asked Alex to undress (another mental note to remind him to tell Alex, not ask. Asking will only confuse her, as she knows how to be very obedient, but not so self assured when forced to make her own decisions). I watched her slowly remove the only two items of clothing she had on. Not like a stripper, just like a sweet pretty girl. I could see her shivering, and she asked Charlie to turn the heat up more, which I saw him do. They both had wine which I knew would help relax her, but I also knew she must be very embarrassed. He asked her to sit on his lap, facing the tv they had on now, and his hands wandered up and down her body, from her neck to her knees. Alex was wriggling slightly, and I could see her being to relax and have fun teasing him. He spent an hour touching every part of her, including her breasts, nipples, underarms (good move, Charlie), and inner thighs. So far, her pussy was chaste.
Alex looked fine, with a smile on her face, and Charlie looked like he arrived in heaven. So I kept watching, and she got on all fours on the floor and he used his fingers to penetrate her. I was later to learn this was the first time he ever did that to a girl. Then I zoomed in and saw him gently prodding her little asshole and dipped one digit in and she clenched and squeezed it out. He replaced it and worked up to an entire finger, which he slowly sawed in and out of her while she adjusted and relaxed finally. Alex began softly moaning and he used his other hand and slipped his fingers into her pussy. so now she was skewered by both hands and I could see becoming more and more arroused. He stopped and blindfolded her and put ear buds in her ears. So I'm thinking he saw this on some porn site about sensory deprivation, but it was a good thought on his part. He starts sliding a dildo in and out of her pussy and she is continuing to heat up, moaning more loudly. He was doing very well to my surprise.
So then the shock hit me...a car pulled up and two guys went to the carriage house and were admitted by Charlie! Alex was on her knees, naked, wriggling in excitement, with her blindfold and ear buds on. They quietly sat and watched while Charlie went back to fucking Alex's both holes with his fingers and dildo. I was absolutely amazed, and tried to figure out if I were angry or what! I decided to let it go as Alex didn't know, and when I tell her she'll be totally humiliated, a good thing. So I watched and waited. He laid her on the carpet, and pulled her legs up and over her face so her legs were next to her head with her head in between. Her arms were moved to the floor next to her hips, her pussy and ass now sticking straight up in the air. He licked her for a long long time and he took turns which hole he'd slide his fingers up into. Alex orgasmed while moaning and grunting. I (we) could see both holes clenching and releasing, over and over until she finished. And then, again to my surprised, the two guys came over and began touching her. I mean everywhere, but only one man at a time. Then they licked both her holes again one man at a time. She could not hear herself moaning, but everyone else sure did. They talked about her like she was a sex thing. Which she actually was, but she was unaware of what they were doing to her. Alex orgasmed again during one of the others fingering her holes.
So she told Charlie she had to pee badly, and he said she was not to take the blindfold off, but he would lead her to the bathroom. He did so and sat her down on the toilet, and told her he would close the door and she was to knock when finished, but do not remove the blindfold or be punished. She agreed and he replaced the ear bud and closed the door hard, then opened it very quietly. All three guys watched her pee, something that would have humiliated her deeply had she known. At least they let her use the toilet instead of going outside, I thought. I wondered what else they watched on porn sites. Alex knocked and Charlie took her back to the sofa, and laid her down on her back. He placed her in a reverse position with her head off the cushion and her legs up over the back of the sofa (head down). He handed her a vibrating dildo and told her to masturbate for him. The other two high fived each other and Alex began to get herself off. Again, had she known, she would have been very humiliated. She is even shy doing that in front of me.
Eventually she stopped using her fingers and slid the dildo deep inside herself and let it do it's magic. Then she removed it and pushed it into her ass, as deep as it would go. soon she shook and then came hard. She kept it going for quite some time, obviously very hot now. Charlie moved around to the back of the sofa and licked her clean and made her orgasm one last time. He shooed the others out the door and Alex complained she felt cold air! He blamed the heater, but I couldn't hear that too well.
He removed the blindfold and ear buds. He told her they were done for the first night, and she asked him if he had an orgasm and he said no. So she offered to help, and gave him a mind bending hand job. He only lasted about 10 minutes, but Alex probably could have done it in two had she wanted.
She dressed and ran home, while he dressed and drove home. We had a lot to discuss, but I'll make that the next story.