Chapter 2: A night on a pontoon in the Great Barrier Reef - pleasant company included
After my farm stay and very enjoyable evening with Steph (See Chapter 1 of this story), I wound my way up the East Coast of Queensland, thoroughly enjoying my solitary travels. I won't bore you with the details of the places I saw, as I am sure, dear reader, that you are more interested in my sexual escapades.
As planned, my trip was to conclude with a four-day stay on a dive charter boat departing from Airlie Beach, the hub of the Great Barrier Reef. I arrived in Airlie Beach the night before, and camped in a very nice caravan park, not too far from the harbor where I boarded the charter early the next morning.
The trip was well-organized, with four crew members tending to the eight guests, and we had a minimum of two dives a day - three on the one day when we did a night dive as well. The marine life was incredible, and every dive delivered something new and exciting. The water was incredibly warm, and instead of wetsuits, most of us just wore thin stinger suits to protect from sun, as well as the different species of jellyfish and stingers that could be dangerous, or even deadly. My dive buddy was a young Frenchman, Philipe, who was also a solo traveler. The other dive pairs were either friends or couples traveling together, and apart from companionable meals where we all ate together, those couples seemed to prefer each other's company.
Although Philipe was pleasant enough, he and I did not have much in common except our interest in diving, and between dives and meals, I mostly kept to myself, either sleeping or reading in my cabin. On the third day, one of the boat's engines broke down, and the captain decided that it would be safer to return to port rather than pressing on with no spare engine. We were to be refunded for the one day that the trip would be cut short, and I felt that I should have a full trip, and enjoy at least one more dive. Philipe had told me about overnight reef stays on a permanently moored pontoon in the outer Barrier Reef, and our captain was able to provide me with a brochure of their sister company who offered these trips.
The captain radio 'd ahead, and was able to book me for a reef stay the next night. We spent the last night on the boat moored in the harbor. Since I was packed for a four-day trip, the next morning I could just grab my dive bag and walk to the boat that would ferry us to the pontoon. The trip to the outer reef was uneventful, and when we arrived there, the scuba divers were immediately ushered to one side of the deck to kit up, while the rest of the group went on other excursions. There were ten divers in total, which made for a nice split into two groups, each led by a dive master. The first dive was uneventful, even though we saw as much marine life as I did on the charter, but because the story really starts with the second dive, let me race ahead.
After a lovely cold seafood buffet, the divers were once again called to one side to kit up for the second dive. This time, I was assigned to a different group, led by a different dive master. Our dive master was to be Anke.
At first sight, I was stunned; Anke was a beautiful Swedish backpacker who was on a two-year break after university, and had been working out of Airlie beach for six months. She checked our log books and asked who wanted to be dive buddies. Fortunately for me, the other divers were all couples who wanted to be together, leaving me to pair up with Anke.Poor me. Anke was the epitome of a Swedish beauty, at least in my book. She had her thick blonde hair tied up in a ponytail, exposing a pair of big pale blue eyes, wide cheekbones, and a set of full lips. She wore a red one-piece bathing suit, cut high around the thighs, exposing a pair of muscular legs, which reminded me of that of a short-distance runner or hurdler.
The most striking part, however, was a pair of trophy breasts that threatened to pop out from her swimsuit every time she bent over. I am not usually drawn to big breasts, preferring smaller and firmer B's or C's, but this pair of D's were spectacular, and not at all out of balance with her athletic frame.
I felt drawn to Anke like a moth to a flame, and had to keep my wits about me to assemble and test my diving gear before kitting up. Because we were so far out on the reef, there was very little danger of stingers, and most of the group chose to go diving just wearing our regular swimming gear. I followed Anke as we descended, and relished the sight of her well-defined leg muscles as she slowly kicked her fins. I don't remember much of the dive, except for the vision of the gorgeous white sea nymph in a skimpy red bathing suit in close proximity to me. I do remember that she grabbed my wrist with a slender but strong hand once or twice to point something out to me, and how her touch sent shivers up my arm and down my spine. At one stage, one half of her swimsuit bottom slipped up, exposing most of a perfect white buttock, adding to my gawking pleasure. Every time she kicked her right leg, I could see her buttock muscles contract, making a beautiful indentation on the side. Much too soon for my liking, she discovered the wardrobe malfunction, and pulled the elastic seam back into position with two fingers.
One of the other divers was an older overweight gentleman, and within 30 minutes, his air was low. He appeared to panic, and swam into me in his haste to show Anke that his air pressure was low. Anke signaled the group to get together, and checked each of our air gauges before signaling that she would take the old guy up, and that I should lead the rest of the group back to the pontoon. I purposely sat the rest of the group down on a sandy patch on the seabed, and stared up as Anke slowly ascended to the surface, holding on to the older fellow to control his ascent. As they rose through the warm water, the sunlight from the surface flashed patterns on her legs, appearing to caress her body, much as I wanted to do.
When the pair stopped for their compulsory 15 feet safety stop, I signaled for the rest of the group to follow me, and we slowly swam back to the pontoon before making our ascent. As we got out of the water, Anke and the big fellow had just arrived in a rubber duck after being picked up from where they surfaced. As we rinsed off underneath the fresh water showers, I managed to steal a few more glimpses of Anke. Although the ocean was quite warm, the water from the showers was cool, and her nipples poked through the thin fabric of her swimsuit, as big as the tip of my little finger. I tried to burn that image into my mind, as I did not expect to see her again.
When all the divers were dried off and dressed, we could join the rest of the day trippers for afternoon tea and biscuits ("bikkies", the Australians called it) whilst the crew cleaned up and put equipment away. Not being much of a tea drinker, I had my first beer of the day, a delicious pale ale manufactured in Canberra. When the boat arrived to ferry the day trippers back to Airlie beach, people started queueing up to board, and I quickly grabbed a second beer before the barman left for the day. I could see that Anke, now wearing a pair of short white shorts and T-shirt, had started hosing off the deck, starting on the far end. She seemed oblivious of the fact that the rest of the crew were getting ready to leave, and a little flame of hope started flickering at the back of my mind.
When the boat honked its horn to indicate that it was ready to depart, Anke closed the hose, and trotted over to the side of the pontoon to help with casting off of the mooring lines.
As the boat powered up next to the pontoon and sailed off, Anke walked over to me where I was lazing in the sun. "So, Mister Brian," she said in perfect English but with a definitive sing-song Swedish accent "it's only you and me tonight".
I had expected that there would be more than one overnight guest, and more than one crew member to guard the pontoon overnight, and said so.
"Yes, there are usually two crew members staying overnight, but since you are the only guest, the manager thinks that I will be able toserveyou tonight".
I may have imagined it, but I definitively heard a bit of emphasis on the word "serve", and decided that I had nothing to lose by upping the ante.
"I will be honoured to beservedby you tonight. When do we start?". I made sure to put the same emphasis on the word, maybe even more.
"I need to wash the deck, and make a five o'clock radio call, and then service will start." she smiled.
"Anything I can do to help?" I offered, not really keen to work, but willing to do anything to stay in close proximity of this gorgeous woman.
"No, I won't be long, and anyway, guests are not supposed to work - the Health and Safety rules prohibit that. You can help yourself at the bar - everything is included. Just make sure that you write down if you take anything other than beer and wine."
She led me to the bar counter, and showed me a little notepad where I had to write down if I used any spirits. I grabbed another beer from the bar fridge below the counter, and held it up: "Anything for you?"
"No, thank you - work first, then pleasure!".
Things are looking promising,I thought as I started fidgeting with the sound system. I managed to get it going, and chose Chris Rea'sOn the Beachto pipe through the loudspeakers in the ceiling. I sat back in a deck chair, sipping on my beer and peering over the calm waters of the Pacific. There was not another boat in sight, and I was marooned on a pontoon with a beautiful Swedish girl. The night was ours, and I hoped we could keep building the sexual tension that I felt sure was present. On the other side of the galley-cum-bar area, I could hear the swoosh-swoosh of the heavy fire hose where Anke was washing down the deck.
Before too long, Anke came through the passage between the galley and the toilets, waving at me. "I'm just going to call the office to say that we are OK, and then I'll be with you!". She disappeared into a cabin in the passage and through the open door, I could her the tinny sound of the office in Airlie Beach acknowledging her radio call. Within minutes, she was back.
"I will have that beer now" she said "I am not really supposed to drink, but you don't look like the kind of person who will tell on me".
"A gentleman never tells" I assured her with as much gallantry as possible as I walked around the counter to fetch her a beer. She leaned on the counter, her heavy breasts resting on her forearms. I opened a beer for her, and handing it to her, I held up my bottle.
"Skol!" I said, using my best (and only) Swedish.
"Skol right back at you!" she said, clinking her bottle to mine before taking three or four long swigs.
Her face was slightly flushed from hauling the heavy hose around, and I could see a sheen of sweat on her forehead and upper lip. Chris Rea was singingGivernyoverhead, I was sipping on my third beer, and within touching distance was a gorgeous woman, the stuff that wet dreams are woven from.
Life can't get any better than this,I thought to myself.
I was wrong.
She took another long swig from her beer and said: "I am going for a swim - are you joining me? I hope you are not shy".
At the same moment she tugged her T-shirt from her trousers, and pulled it over her head, letting her breasts bob free. Freed from the constraints of clothing, the magnificent boobs that I've been admiring all afternoon were even more breathtaking. They seemed to defy gravity, and floated in front of her, pointing straight ahead. Each breast was topped with a dark pink areola, about the size of the foil top on a milk bottle, with prominent nipples sticking out in the middle of each. My tongue rolled around in my mouth, trying to form words, but I managed to compose myself enough to say:
"A gentleman never says no."
I got rid of my shorts and T-shirt in no time at all, and walked around to join her on the other side of the bar counter to find that she had also removed her shorts. I felt bold enough to look her up and down, and noticed that she was completely clean shaven.
"You like?" she said coquettishly, putting one fist on her hip, and bending one leg slightly.
"I likea lot" I responded in all honesty.
"You are beautiful, and I am a very fortunate man". I've always known that an earnest compliment at the right time can achieve wonders, and this was such a time.
She stood on tippy toes and kissed me lightly on the mouth.
"Thank you. Let's go".Wow!
We walked to the aft deck where the swim platform was, where Anke dived in with a graceful arch, with me shortly behind her. Because the air had cooled down a little, the water felt even warmer than it did earlier that day.Damn, Brian, how lucky can one man be!I thought to myself as we paddled back to the platform. I held on to the ladder while Anke climbed out, affording me a delectable view of her smooth pussy. She turned around and smiled, and I saw that she knew exactly what she was doing. This was not just a cultural thing - (I had read that Swedes were very casual about nudity) - this girl knew full well that I was eying her, and was purposely teasing.
When I got out of the water, I could not hide the fact that my interest was piqued; little Brian was half-erect already.
"Mmmhh! What have we here?" She put one hand around my shaft, and stood on her toes to give me a salty kiss.
"I told you; a gentleman never says no".
She went down on her knees, and took my manhood into her warm mouth, giving it a long slow suck before pulling her head back to lick the underside of the head, and continuing to roll her tongue around it. My cock was fully erect now, and aching for release.
"Let's go watch the sunset" Anke said as she stood up.
Little tease!I thought but allowed her to lead me up the steps, holding my stiff shaft in her hand.
At the side railing that faced west, she turned to me.
"We've got all night. How about a quickie before dinner?"
This was the best suggestion I heard all day, if not in my entire life. I kissed her firmly on the mouth to show my agreement.
She let go of my cock and faced the ocean, leaning down to put her forearms on the railing, and planted her feet slightly apart. I took up position behind her, and adjusted my stance, planting my feet wide enough to line up with her pussy. I entered her slowly, pushing my rigid cock deep into the warm folds of her pussy. The salt water provided enough lubrication, and there was a minimum of friction. As I reached around her to fondle her breasts, she stood back slightly to let her breasts hang free. I glided my hands around her two smooth melons, and gave each a few squeezes, while continuing my slow hip swings behind her.
At the peak of each swing, I stopped for a second, savoring the moment. Each time I did so, Anke twerked her hips a little, causing my cock to move inside her, heightening the sensation for both of us. I gripped her breasts firmly in both my hands, with the nipples between my thumbs and forefingers and clenched an unclenched my hands, at the same time massaging the flesh of her breasts and tweaking her nipples. Anke showed her approval by pushing back hard on every stroke, and her wet butt cheeks slap-slapped against my hips with ever-increasing tempo.
The moment became too much, and halfway through an in-stroke, I started coming without warning. I cried out "Aaahhh!" and was met with an enthusiastic "Yesss - come in me!" just as loudly from Anke. I came deep inside her in four or five long spurts, and as I pulled out, another squirt blew across her right buttock, leaving a gleaming creamy line all the way to her hip. I pulled her upright, and she turned around for a long succulent kiss, pressing those delicious firm breasts against my ribs. Suddenly, my conscience struck like a bolt of lightning.
"I came inside you; are you ..."
"Don't worry; we're safe - I'm on the pill and I'm very careful to take it every day" she giggled.
"We'd better rinse off again" she said, walking back to the swim platform, with two streaks of my semen running down her inner thighs, and another one from her buttock.
"A beer?" I offered.
"Yes, will you bring it?" she said over her shoulder as she walked away.
I trotted back to the bar counter and opened two beers. When I reached the swim platform, Anke was in the water already, sitting in an upside-down life jacket, holding on to the ladder. Her milky tits were bobbing on the water, only half submerged and I stared for a moment, as I handed her both beers. Another life jacket was lying on the platform. I started fidgeting with the life jacket, and Anke helpfully explained from below that I should fasten the strap in front, and put my legs through the armholes from the bottom, to wear it like trousers. I splashed in next to her, and she handed me a beer.
"Cheers!" she said, clinking the neck of her bottle to mine.
"Cheers!" I returned the salute, and dragged her life jacket closer for a clumsy, beery kiss.
"I really enjoyed that quickie, but I promise; next round I'll treat you".
She gave me an equally beery kiss in return. "I fully expect that, Mister Gentleman!".
We sat there quietly, bobbing in the luke warm water, sipping on our cold beers. It was gradually getting darker. Underneath the pontoon, there were blue fluorescent lights, and hundreds of little fish were milling around the vessel. I realised that my backside was exposed to the dark water underneath, with my tools hanging through the cuff of the life jacket like bait. I realised that her nether regions would be similarly exposed, and decided to make the most of the moment. I pulled her life jacket closer to mine, and reached down behind her to find her pussy through the neck hole of the life jacket she was sitting in. I gently prized open her labia, and swiped a finger up and down her slit, washing the sea water through it.
"Let me wash you" I offered.
"I have rinsed, but if you insist, please continue!" She dragged me closer, and kissed me. I wished I had another hand to play with her breasts, but one hand was fondling her pussy underwater, and the other was holding my beer above the surface. She broke the kiss, and said:
"I'm hungry - let's get dinner started."
This time, as she climbed up the ladder, I stared at her lovely backside with her dripping pussy unashamedly. The anxious anticipation I felt before had made way for a contented excitement. I was looking forward to an evening of pleasure.
We rinsed off under the fresh water showers, and dried off with fluffy white towels that Anke took from a locker. In the galley, Anke found two black aprons, and handed me one. She put the neck strap over her head, and started tying the two strings at the back.Mmmh. Clothing optional!I thought to myself as I put on my apron. Anke started rummaging around in the shelves and drawers, and to keep myself busy, I examined the choice of drinks behind the bar. It was still balmy, with no breeze, and I offered:
"How about a gin and tonic for a change?"
"Yeah, that will be grand! You will find lime and mint in the fridge on the far left."
I busied myself by pouring two stiff gins with loads of ice, added an Elderflower flavored tonic, and a slice of lime and a sprig of mint as garnish. I walked over to the galley on the other side and found Anke preparing a mixed salad in a glass bowl. She looked adorable standing there barefoot, with her toned legs and backside completely exposed. I could not help myself - I firmly gripped her left buttock, and gave it a squeeze. My hand was colder than I thought, having just handled the icy cold glasses. She gave a shiver and said "Brrr!" but did not pull away. Immediately, goosebumps appeared on her backside. "Sorry!" I said insincerely, and kissed her still-moist hair at the back of her head. I put the drinks down, and leaned against the counter to the left of her. Her apron was narrow enough in the front to expose a delectable side boob. I feasted my eyes on the movements her breast made inside the apron, but resisted the urge to touch her. I knew that the night still lay ahead of us, and that there would be ample time to explore every inch of her.
After preparing the salad, Anke grilled two huge slices of salmon on a steel-plated grill, and I set the table. The only tables available were the bare aluminum tables and benches, anchored to the deck where we had lunch, but I made the best of it, finding two blue plastic placemats and a citronella candle (these things were all over Australia) which I lit and put in the middle of the table. Next, I took our towels and folded them on the benches to cushion our bare backsides. I found a nice cold bottle of Riesling in the bar fridge, opened it and set it down with two glasses. Simple enough, but the company would more than make up.
We dished up in the galley, and carried our plates to the table. I had managed to cajole the sound system to start up Chris Rea again, as we were too busy with other things during the afternoon to really enjoy the mellow music. Anke turned off all the lights, and we sat down for a candlelit dinner. I realised that not everything was perfect, and thoughtfully suggested:
"Maybe we shouldn't be eating wearing our work clothes?"
"Of course not" Anke responded and removed her apron, putting it across her lap. I did likewise, being the gentleman I was, and we dug in.
Anke had grilled the salmon to perfection - brown and crispy on the outside, served with a delicious tangy aioli, the spicy saltiness of the fish contrasted nicely by the fresh mixed salad, covered with a creamy ranch dressing. While I feasted my mouth on the delicious meal, accompanied with the cold wine, I feasted my eyes on the spectacular pair of breasts peeking above the table.
I was hungry, but I was amazed at Anke; she ate like a football player, taking huge mouthfuls, savoring every bite, and seemingly enjoying her own cooking as much as I did. She ate the same way she drank - enjoying every big mouthful in a sensual way. As she finished her last bite, she noticed me staring, and said: "I know ... my mother always said I should learn to eat like a lady. She threatened to send me to finishing school in Switzerland."
"No," I said unconvincingly "I was just staring at your breasts."
She put down her cutlery, and held up the two lovelies in cupped palms, looking down at them.
"Oh, these ones? I've had them for ages - they started growing when I was thirteen, and cost me a career as ballerina. They do help me during interviews, though" she said with a naughty twinkle in her blue eyes.
"I don't doubt that for a moment" I said, reaching over to lightly rub each nipple with the back of my fingers. Both pink nipples immediately, and quite visibly, grew hard. "They are lovely". I finished the last of my wine.
"I'm glad if you enjoy them;" she responded, standing up behind the table to show off most of her naked body "tonight, this body is at your service".
"Get over here then" I said, and sat back on the bench.
She walked over and squeezed in between my body and the table, sitting on my lap with her legs hanging over the back, her arms around my neck. She drew me closer, and I buried my head between the two fleshy white mounds. I rubbed her thighs with the palms of my hands, kissed each breast, stopping for a moment to suck each hard nipple in turn. I could feel my cock rising, pressing against her pussy lips. Anke took my head between her hands and lifted it up to kiss me on the mouth.
"Let's go to bed".
"You took the words right out of my mouth" I said, quoting Meatloaf.
Anke turned the lights back on, and we quickly cleared the table, leaving the dirty dishes in the galley's basin to soak. Anke said "Just give me five minutes to dry my hair, and then I'll show you the Reef Bed upstairs". I fetched my toiletry bag from my dive bag, and brushed my teeth in the men's toilet, Next door, I could hear Anke's hair drier blowing. I splashed a little aftershave on my face and looked at myself in the mirror. For thenthtime that day, I thought:What a life - Brian, you are one lucky bastard.
I met Anke in the passage, and for the first time that day, saw her with her hair loose and dry. Her thick blonde hair was parted in the middle, and fell to below her shoulders in silky tresses. She was buck naked as before, still wearing no makeup, but she looked lovely, and I told her so, putting both hands behind her head to draw her closer for a kiss. I could taste toothpaste on her breath, and could smell that she had also put on some perfume. The light flowery smell complimented her, and I felt a stirring in my loins.
Anke led me up the ladder to the upper deck, where the Reef Bed was. The Reef Bed was double bed, nestled in a fiberglass tray with a heavy canvas tent top that could be zipped open to allow an unobstructed view of the stars. She unzipped the canvas completely, letting the flap fall to the rear. Anke crawled onto the bed, and switched on a little reading light in the bulkhead at the top of the bed. She turned the light to one side, bathing the bed in a low light reflected from the white bulkhead.
"I've often made this bed, but I've never slept here" she said. "This is quite cozy!".
I crawled in next to her. "It's about to get even cozier" I promised. I grabbed one of the rolled-up towels that was lying on the bed, and she, anticipating what I intended to do, lifted her pelvis to allow me to put the towel underneath her bum. I crawled between her knees, and she opened her legs wide. The sight of this beautiful blonde girl with her white skin glowing under the soft yellow light, lying there in her fully exposed naked splendor was beyond description. I could feel my cock harden, and felt glad that the afternoon quickie afforded some release of my sexual tension. I intended to take my time, and to bring her to orgasm at least once before I entered her again.
"Ready for a treat?" I asked as I slid down, putting my head between her legs.
"Can't wait ...". She smiled, looking down at me between her breasts.
I kissed her smooth mound lightly, and she wriggled her hips in anticipation of what was to come. Then, I gave her pussy a long lick, starting at her perineum, all the way up to her clit, which was protruding slightly from under its hood. I lifted my head, and blew on her wet pussy. The sudden coolness caused goosebumps to appear over her whole body, and she grabbed a breast in each hand, squeezing them tightly. "Uuuhww" she groaned. I repeated the process once more, causing the goosebumps to become more pronounced. Having teased her enough, I opened my mouth wide, putting it over her pussy lips, and licked her slit up and down. I pointed my tongue, and flicked it in and out the entrance of her vagina before continuing my licking; up and down the slit a few times, and then alternating it with quick zig-zag movements with the tip of my tongue between her labia.
Anke put one hand on top of my head, and pushed my face deeper into her pussy. I looked up at her, across her flat tummy to where I could just see her face between her breasts. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth was slightly open. She groaned, and pushed my head into her delicious moist delta again. I put my lips around her pussy again, and started humming in a low tone into her pussy. From previous experience, I knew what the effect humming had on the sensitive nether parts, and she responded with a soft "Yaah". I resumed my licking, continuing with the low humming. I moved my lips higher putting it around her clitoris, which was somewhat bigger than any I had encountered before. It was pronounced and peeking out from its hood. I sucked hard on the clit, licking it as I did so, which elicited another "Yaah" from Anke.
Quite happy with the pleasure that I was obviously giving her, I continued with my humming and licking, concentrating on the clit now, which was now fully engorged with blood. I put my right palm on her inner thigh, and started lightly stroking her pussy with my middle finger. Anke groaned again, and pushed her hips down. I slipped my middle finger into the soft, warm folds of her well-lubricated pussy and turned the tip of my finger around in circular movements, touching as many nerve endings as possible. Anke's groaning had grown louder, and now she uttered a groan every time she exhaled.
Time to speed things up a notch.I turned my hand around, and curled my middle finger around her pubic bone, finding her swollen G-spot. I rubbed my finger around that rougher area, and continued licking her clitoris. I massaged the G-spot, increasing the pressure gradually, and quickening the movements of my finger, increasing her pleasure. She arched her back, and pushed down, extending her belly, and I knew that she was almost at the crest. Wanting to see her face when she came (and wanting to extend the moment of anticipation), I pulled my finger out, and jumped over her right leg to lie down next to her, propping myself up on my left elbow.
Anke looked at me with her big blue eyes.
"Don't stop..." she pleaded softly.
I rubbed her clit with two fingers, circling it a few times, and then inserted both fingers into her pussy. I curled the two fingers around inside her, and found the G-spot again. I continued the stimulation of that sensitive area, and bent over to take her hard right nipple into my mouth. I sucked the nipple through my front teeth, in and out, lightly scraping and nibbling on it, and licking the tip with the flat part of my tongue. Anke continued her groaning sounds in my left ear, and I quickened the pace of my right hand, rapidly fingering her pussy. She clenched her thighs around my hand, shuddered, and went "Yaah, yaah, yaaah!" I looked up at her face. She had her head craned backwards, eyes closed, and blue veins bulging in her neck. "Yaah ... yaaah!" she shouted as I furiously continued fingering her with my hand squished between her thighs, the sluish-sluishing sound of my fingers in her now sopping wet pussy mixing with her Swedish yesses.
Anke's whole body gave a final shudder, and she rolled away from me, my hand slipping out from between her thighs. She looked at me over her shoulder. "Now fuck me" she commanded, and being the obliging gentleman that I am, I lay down on my side and guided my throbbing shaft into her welcoming pussy from behind. Once firmly inserted, I took her around her waist, and rolled her on top of me, both of us facing the clear star-studded night sky. I put my left hand around her chest to fondle both breasts and my right hand found its way down to her clit again. I rubbed around the clit, and with small movements of my hips into the mattress, started fucking her slowly with short in-and-out strokes. Her firm white buttocks were pressed against my hips, and I wish I could see this picture from another ankle.
By this stage, Anke was in such a state of arousal, that did not take more than a minute before she started groaning again. She planted her feet on either side of my knees, and lifted and lowered her hips onto mine to increase the lengths of the strokes. I rubbed her clit, faster and faster, and before long, she started again: "Yaah, yaah, yaaaahh!". She gave a huge shudder, and I knew she was there. I put both my hands on her hips and pushed and pulled her body up and down my shaft, using her like a rag doll. The dam burst, and I came inside her, pressing her hips downwards so she could feel my warm spurts deep inside her pussy. She gave another small shudder, and then went limp on top of me, totally relaxed but breathing deeply. We both lay like that for a long minute, regaining our breaths, Anke spreadeagled on top of me. The only sound, apart from our breathing, was the water lapping against the hull of the pontoon, far below us.
Eventually, she rolled off me, my softening cock exiting her wet folds with an audible pop. She nuzzled up to me and said in my ear "Thatwasa treat!"
We cleaned each other off with the towels, suddenly feeling the coolness of the night air on our sweaty bodies, and cozied up underneath the blanket, luxuriating in the heat of each other's bodies. We left the canvas top unzipped, and lay there, peering up at the night sky. I was planning to rest a short while, and then initiate another round, but all the activities of the day had tired me out, and without intending to, I fell into a deep, contented sleep.
I woke up at first light, and for a few seconds, I did not know where I was. Gradually, the memories of the previous day came back and I knew where I was: I was inparadise. I felt under the blanket for Anke's naked body, but found that I was alone in the bed. I peered over the side of the tray, but all I could see was the smooth water of the Pacific. I could hear a bilge pump going glug-glug-glug in the hull below, but apart from that, it was completely quiet. I propped both pillows against the bulkhead, looking out over the ocean and fondling my morning wood as I thought back on the wonders of the day before. I heard footsteps from the deck below, and the next minute, Anke's head appeared at the top of the ladder. She put two steaming mugs on the deck, and climbed up. To my dismay, she was dressed in her white T-shirt and shorts again.
"Coffee service for Mister Brian!" she said, trying to imitate another accent, which I could not place.
"Great. Thank you!" I said, reaching for one of the mugs.
Instead, she put both mugs down on the deck.
"Oh, I see you decided to make a tent!" Anke said, and reached for my hard cock, quite visible under the blanket. She leaned over and gave me a kiss, tasting of fresh coffee.
"I was just thinking about you ..." I responded.
She pulled the blanket off me, revealing my cock standing up straight. She bounced into the bed and positioned herself between my knees. She put both hands, nicely warmed from the coffee mugs, around my shaft, giving it a squeeze, and kissed the tip. Then, she put her lips firmly around the head of my penis, and started sucking lightly, with her tongue caressing the underside of the head. I leaned forward, and pulled up her T-shirt, freeing her breasts. I fondled her breasts with both hands for a few seconds, and then sat back to enjoy the view and the feeling of Anke's warm mouth on my cock.
She removed her left hand from my cock, and cupped my ball sack in her warm hand, starting to bob her head up and down on my cock, holding it by the root with her right hand. She could take about half of my length into her mouth, and she slurped on it sensually, her full lips gliding up and down. Once or twice, she went down too hard, and the tip of my cock hit the back of her throat, causing her to gag, but after coming up for a quick breath and a swallow, she immediately resumed her ministrations. She used her right hand to alternately squeeze and wank the bottom half of my rod, moving faster and faster until I could hold it no more.
"I'm coming!" I warned, but she did not let up, and I spurted into her mouth - three, four, five times. She kept her lips around my cock until the twitching subsided and then slowly pulled her lips from my cock with a long slow suck. She sat upright on her knees, with her tits poking out underneath the folds of her T-shirt, looked straight at me, and swallowed my load. She wiped a dribble of cum from her lower lip with the back of her hand, looked at it and then licked it off sensually.
"Wow," I said "that was wonderful".
Anke smiled and leaned over the side of the tray to pick up the coffee cups. She handed both to me, and sat down next to me, pulling the blanket over us. I gave her a kiss, and handed her coffee to her. We sat there quietly for a minute, drinking our coffee, and enjoying the view over the placid water.
"My work day starts soon;" Anke said as she finished her coffee "is there any other way I can be of service?" She looked at me with a naughty twinkle in her eyes.
We were alone on a vessel in the middle of the ocean, and given our mutually satisfying sexual escapades over the last 14 hours or so, I thought to myselfIf there's one girl that will make my secret fantasy come true, it will be this one.
"Will you make yourself come while I watch?" I asked.
She raised her eyebrows, whether from shock, or just pretending to be shocked, I did not know, but to my delight, she said:
"Okee," and proceeded to peel off her shorts. "I have some experience, but I've never done it for show."
I shuffled over to the foot of the bed, and sat cross-legged in front of her. She put a leg on either side of me, and started slowly rubbing her pussy with one hand, the other squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples in turn. She licked the fingers of her right hand, and started rubbing her inner labia - first in circular motions, and then up and down, slipping a middle finger into her vagina for a few pokes in and out, and then repeating the process, going faster and faster as she started to groan.
"Towel!" she gasped as she arched her back, lifting her hips from the bed. I grabbed a towel from the corner of the bed, and placed it underneath her backside. She kept her pelvis lifted high, her feet planted wide apart, and her right hand became a blur of movement between her legs. A moment later, she uttered a low "Aaaahh", shuddered, and ejaculated, squirting three thin streams of lady juice up in the air. A few drops landed on my thigh. I picked up a drop with my finger, and examined the smear. It looked like pale, watered-down milk. I put my finger in my mouth, and savored the taste - it was faintly sweet, hard to describe, but mostly, it tasted similar to the smell of sex.
Anke looked down at me, taste-testing her cum.
"You like?" she asked, smiling.
"I like" I responded. Before, I hadn't thought that I had any sexual drive left in me, but the sight of this beautiful blonde girl bringing herself to orgasm for my viewing pleasure, combined with the taste of her girl-cum had me rock-hard again.
"How about another quickie?" I asked. I did not wait for an answer, but put my hands next to her on the bed and mounted her, missionary style.
"Yes" she groaned after two or three strokes.
I kissed her while continuing to fuck her energetically, my swinging hips driving my cock into her deeply. I was as randy as a Fox Terrier, and before long, I shot my load inside her - not with the same magnificent spurts that I came in her mouth, but very satisfying none the less. I fell on top of her, totally spent. We lay there for a moment, and then I realised that she had difficulty breathing; I was a lot heavier than she was. I rolled off her, and dried her off with the towel that was still lying between her legs, before wiping my cock.
"Swim?" I suggested.
"No, she said, looking at her wrist watch "I have to make a 7am radio call, and I'll take a shower after that. I have two dives booked for today. You are welcome, though!".
We got up, and Anke bundled the bedclothes together, throwing it down the stairs to the deck below. She grabbed her shorts, threw it over her shoulder and clambered down the stairs, expertly holding the coffee cups in one hand. I followed behind, still naked. Anke disappeared into the passage to make her radio call, and I went aft for a long leisurely swim in the luke-warm water. After rinsing off the salt, I toweled myself dry and walked to the galley with the towel around my waist.Time to get used to being civilized again,I said to myself. In the galley, I found Anke busy with breakfast. She was dressed in her whites, and had already washed up the cutlery of the previous night. My clothes were lying on one of the tables, neatly folded. I got dressed, and stood leaning on the counter, drinking in the sight of Anke frying breakfast. Although she was dressed, she looked stunning, maybe even more so because I knew exactly what was underneath her clothes.
She turned to me and said "Breakfast is served!"
Anke had prepared scrambled eggs with pieces of ham and sliced spring onions, served in toasted wraps, which we wolfed down, accompanied by big glasses of cold orange juice. As we finished our breakfast, she stood up and asked to be excused, as she still had things to do before the next boatload of day trippers arrived. I collected my belongings and went into the bathroom to brush my teeth. While doing so, I heard the compressor start up, and gathered that Anke was filling the air tanks for the day's dives.
When I came out of the bathroom, Anke was waiting for me in the passage.
"The boat is on its way. This will be our last kiss. We're not allowed to fraternize with guests, as I'm sure you will understand?"
"Andfraternizewe did!" I laughed at my own joke, and so did she.
I told you "A gentleman never tells". I took her by the shoulders, and gave her a final succulent kiss. She put her arms around me, and hugged me tight.
"Thank you."
"No, thankyou."
I stood leaning against the railing, watching Anke put a canvas bag containing our soiled bedlinen next to the railing, followed by a smaller bag of rubbish to be taken back when the boat returned to Airlie Beach. The boat arrived, and after the day crew and visitors trouped down the gangplank onto the pontoon, Anke carried the two black bags on board the boat. She came back, and greeted me at the railing with a formal, firm handshake.
"It was a pleasure serving you, Brian!" she said, probably reciting a line she was trained to say.
I had no lines prepared, but, being out of earshot of anybody else, I replied:
"It was allmypleasure beingservedby you, Anke!"
I boarded the boat, and went up to the bridge to keep the captain company on the way home. He was a ruddy, bearded old fellow, looking like a caricature of a salty sea dog, despite his neatly pressed uniform.
Anke was the one tending to the mooring lines, and undid the ropes to cast us off.
As we pulled away, the captain looked down at Anke standing on the pontoon deck, giving us a sailor's salute.
"Nice looking bird, that one! 'Wouldn't mind having a naughty withher".
I did my best to hide a smile.
"So would I, mate,so would I ..."