"We are here." The driver said.
"Thank you." Leslie said, putting her breasts back in the bralette, and adjusting her skirt.
"You're welcome." The driver responded, his voice not able to conceal his arousal. Leslie heard the arousal and smiled.
"I'll leave you a good tip, if I can have your tip." Leslie said.
"Excuse me?" The driver asked. Leslie couldn't tell if he was excited or offended, but despite Kayla's warning glares, she pressed on.
"I want to help you with your... problem." She said, gesturing towards his cock.
"Get out." The driver said. Leslie and Kayla both quickly climbed out, embarrassed at their exhibitionism in front of someone who it offended.
"Look, I'm really sorry." Kayla said.
"Yeah, we didn't mean to offend you." Leslie agreed. The driver got out of the car, tall enough that he towered over the girls.
"I think you misunderstood me." The driver responded, putting his hand on Leslie's shoulder, and gently pushing her to her knees. "I wasn't offended. On the contrary, I am excited."
He smiled at Leslie as he unbuckled his belt. Understanding, Leslie unbuttoned his pants, and starting licking his cock through his boxer briefs. She felt him grow harder through his underwear, and she tasted the precum leaking onto the front. Pulling his underwear down, she sucked the head of his cock into her mouth, and twirled her tongue around it. He groaned in pleasure, and grabbed the back of her head, forcing more of his cock into her mouth.
Kayla took it upon herself to fondle his balls while Leslie was face fucked by this stranger. The driver let out another groan when Kayla touched his balls, and Leslie started humming around his cock. He thrusted faster and harder, and Kayla began kissing him passionately.
"I'm cumming" He moaned into Kayla's mouth. Leslie grabbed his hips forcefully, digging her nails into his naked ass. She took his cock deep into her throat and engaged her throat muscles in swallowing movements around his cock. He came directly down her throat, and pulled out enough that he finished on her tongue. Leslie stood up and pulled Kayla into a kiss, swapping his cum back and forth until they both swallowed some.
"Fuck, that was hot." The driver said, pulling his pants back up and buckling his belt. "Can I get your numbers?"
Leslie, Kayla, and the driver all exchanged numbers, and the girls went into the bar, knowing the concert probably already started during their fun.
"That was... unbelievable." Kayla said to Leslie, while getting their I.D.'s checked.
"I guess we can always call him if we don't find anyone here tonight." Leslie responded, taking her I.D. back from the bouncer.
"You're still horny?" Kayla asked incredulously as they were ushered in.
"Always." Leslie said, winking at Kayla. Leslie scanned the room, the opener was already playing their set. "Can you go get us some drinks?"
"Sure." Kayla said, and headed to the bar. Leslie continued scanning the room, zeroing in on a couple. The boyfriend looked bored, unhappy to be there while the girlfriend was trying to pull them closer to the stage through the crowd of people.
"Perfect." Leslie muttered. Kayla returned with their drinks, and Leslie pointed the couple out to her. "The girlfriend wants closer to the stage, and the boyfriend isn't interested. Do you think you can get her closer to the stage?"
"What's your game here? I know you're not just trying to be nice." Kayla responded.
"I'm gonna fuck him while you keep the girlfriend distracted." Leslie replied, seemingly nonchalant.
"How do you know he will go for it?" Kayla asked.
"You're not even going to gasp in shock or something?" Leslie laughed.
"After what I have seen and felt you do already tonight - no. I don't think you could possibly shock me." Kayla said.
"I'll take that as a challenge. Just keep an eye on me, okay?"
Kayla nodded as they walked towards the couple. Leslie grabbed Kayla's hand so they looked like a couple.
"Oh my god, hi! Do you love this band too?" Leslie started a conversation with the girlfriend.
"Yes!" The girlfriend said enthusiastically.
"I'm Leslie and this is my girlfriend Kayla." Leslie introduced them. "It sucks that we are so far from the stage!"
"I know!" the girlfriend moaned. "Oh, I am Amy and this is my boyfriend Nick."
"Oh my god Amy! I can get us closer to the stage." Kayla said, following what Leslie wanted.
"Seriously?!"
"Yes! My girlfriend is super claustrophobic so she just wants to stay near the back, but I want to be up close! Wanna come?" Kayla lied.
"Yes, absolutely! Come on babe!" Amy said, trying to pull Nick with her.
"You know babe," Nick said, unentangling himself from Amy. "I think I am gonna stay back here with Leslie. I don't really like the band that much."
"But babe." Amy whined.
"Go! Enjoy. I'll be right here when you get back. I love you." Nick said, pushing her towards Kayla.
"Okay!" Amy said, taking Kayla's outreached hand.
Leslie and Nick watched as the two weaved through the crowd towards the front as the band came out.
"Just in time." Nick remarked, the lights lowering.
"I'm so glad Kayla found someone to go be trampled with, since I hate it." Leslie joked to Nick. He laughed with her.
"Yeah, I am not really one for bars or concerts, but gotta keep the woman happy."
The band started their intro, a song with a good beat and more people poured in. Perfect. Leslie thought as she got jostled.
"Wow, a lot of people." Nick shouted over the music.
"Yeah, no kidding." Leslie said as she pretended to be pushed and fell into Nick.
"Woah, are you okay?" He asked.
"Yeah, but I think I'll stay here if that's okay? I don't want to get hit again!"
"Sure." He said, and Leslie turned towards the stage, Nick now behind her, close enough she could feel him against her. The bar was full enough to warrant them standing this close, even though they were nowhere near the stage.
Leslie started dancing to the music, making sure to rub up on Nick, and she felt his cock grow against her. She felt him try to pull back, but also knew there was nowhere for him to go, so she pushed up against him more aggressively. She felt him continue to get hard and she reached behind her and started to rub him through his jeans.
"What are you doing?" He yelled, grabbing her hand.
"Enjoying the concert." She shouted over her shoulder, yanking her hand away. She began rubbing his cock through his jeans again and this time he let her. Feeling him grow harder, she grabbed his hand and led it under her bralette, to her naked breast. He teased her nipple and she grinded against him hard. She used her free hand to flip the back of her mini skirt up, baring her naked ass. Grabbing his other hand, she had him reach around her and placed it on her soaking wet pussy. He now had her wrapped in his arms, one of his hands teasing a nipple, the other playing with her clit as she continued to grind against him.
"Fuck me." Leslie said, loud enough to be heard over the music, but not loud enough for other people to hear.
"I can't. I have a girlfriend." He said, withdrawing his hands.
"You can and you want to, if this is any indication." Leslie responded, grinding against him.
"I know, but I can't." He groaned.
"I won't tell."
Nick waited a couple seconds, and let his libido take over. He took his cock out of his pants, and leaned Leslie forward as much as he could. He positioned himself against her entrance, and thrusted inside of her. They both gasped in enjoyment. He started thrusting into her in time with the beat of the music. He fucked her hard, barely able to hear her moans over the sound of the band playing.
Leslie felt him lose tempo with the music and knew that he was going to cum. She pushed back into him hard and felt his cum shoot into her. Nick withdrew and put his cock back in his pants while Leslie adjusted herself for the second time that night, this time with cum dripping from her pussy.
"Thanks for that." She said. Nick just let out a deep breath.
Making eye contact with Kayla, Leslie motioned her to come back.
[PART TWO END]