The drive back to the apartment complex was a mixture of quiet and spurts of conversation. This time, Kat was in the backseat, and Selene was in the passenger seat while Arthur drove. The topics of discussion moved through the potential of renting his parent's house, filling it with people Selene wanted to watch Arthur fuck, what to do about the whole deal coming with Lynn attached, and what Arthur needed to do to take his mind off it all before his date with Mindy.
"Well, you've got paperwork to review." Selene reminded him. "So you can officially sign that agreement."
"You could always work on the lesson plan you owe me." Kat reminded Arthur.
"Both good ideas." Arthur agreed. "I might not read over the paperwork tonight, though. I need something to take my mind off the whole Lynn business. Maybe I'll just make a plan for tonight, figure things out."
"Do you know what you're wearing?" Selene asked. She looked at Arthur from the passenger seat as he drove and evaluated his outfit. It wasn't exactly ugly, but it wasn't first-date clothes either.
"Do you know where you're going, what you're doing?" Kat chimed in.
"Bowling." Arthur answered with a slight laugh.
"Bowling for a first date...." Kat wondered aloud, then chuckled as if to herself. "A real ladies' man."
Arthur scoffed while Selene frowned at her sister. He shrugged. "I know. Mindy asked me for a good first date idea, and I suggested bowling. Come to think of it, that was mine and Lori's first date. It was a good way to talk while doing something together, get to know one another, that kind of thing. And since we were discussing ways to do that, I thought of bowling."
"So you're recreating your first date with your ex-girlfriend for a potential new girlfriend?" Kat sounded surprised.
"Not on purpose." Arthur clarified. "I didn't think about it that way until just now, actually. I didn't know she was asking for me and her." Arthur said.
"Her and me." Kat corrected automatically. Selene rolled her eyes, but Arthur continued.
"I thought she wanted to go out with some guy. All she told me was he was an upperclassman. When she asked me, I... I just said yes." Arthur shrugged. "It'll be okay. It's not like I'm still hung up on Lori. I haven't actually thought about her in a few days now."
Kat and Selene shared a look.
Lori and Arthur's relationship had been the deepest of Arthur's romantic life, but it ended much too suddenly for his liking. They had a rom-com romance Arthur's freshman year and Lori's sophomore year. They moved in together in Arthur's junior year, and the first semester of living together went really well. Or so Arthur thought. Lori was the one who introduced him to practicing BDSM. They were both into it and loved each other, learning more about the lifestyle as they went, up until they parted ways.
Arthur frowned as memories of Lori flashed through his mind. Happy memories, now tainted with the pain of losing her through no fault of his own.
"Just a few days, huh?" Kat asked. She didn't seem to appreciate that Arthur was fucking them while still hung up about his ex if that was the case.
"We broke up partway through last semester, and then she moved out and across the country at the end of the spring semester right after finals." Arthur explained. "I've been..."
"He's been pretty antisocial since." Selene explained. "He asked Kelly out, and then I asked him to do BDSM with me, and then Mindy asked him out, and then you asked to join, and then we brought Mindy into his harem... Poor Master, it's been a whirlwind." She stroked his arm.
"Poor Master." Kat mocked Selene. "Practically drowning in pussy now that we've come to our arrangement."
"If I have to die, that's not a bad way to go." Arthur defended.
Kat and Selene laughed. Arthur kept his eyes on the road but spared a glance in the rearview mirror to see if Kat was teasing or seriously annoyed with him. He was still having a hard time reading her. Her mannerisms were similar to Selene's in some ways, but her attitudes were totally different. Selene wrinkled her nose lightheartedly, but when Kat did it, it seemed as though she was more serious than teasing. Navigating the similarities and differences between the sisters was tricky.
"Were you and Lori serious?" Kat asked. The answer might have been evident to Selene or anyone who knew Arthur and Lori together, but Kat had barely known Arthur. She might have met Lori a time or two, but she was just another friend of Selene's. The campus was large enough that not everyone knew everyone, even if Lori and Kat had crossed paths and been introduced once or twice.
"We were living together." Arthur explained. The road took some of his attention away as he drove, putting a pause before his words that he didn't intend, but the statement was explanation enough. His lack of follow-up caused Selene to squeeze his thigh in a gesture meant to comfort him.
"Were you gonna propose?" Kat raised an eyebrow.
"No." Arthur shook his head. "At least, I hadn't done any ring shopping or anything. I'd thought about it, vaguely, I guess, but I figured I would cross that bridge after we graduated."
"Makes sense." Kat nodded and moved her eyes from the rearview mirror to the back of Selene's head. She had to wonder how this relationship of theirs would evolve after graduation. Arthur was going to grad school, sure, and Selene still had a year of school left after the next semester. Kat was planning to graduate next semester and get a job in the city. The house was closer. She could live there and commute, but what would happen when Arthur graduated? She had her doubts about the situation.
Silence reigned in the car until Selene's hand on Arthur's thigh started getting distracted. For a moment, Arthur thought she was about to say something consoling about Lori or how she was glad it didn't work out with Lori so she could have him. Though, it wasn't as if Selene was unwilling to share. In fact, she was the direct opposite. Selene seemed to want to share Arthur with as many other women as possible. Instead, however, she simply asked a question.
"May I suck your cock, Master?"
Kat rolled her eyes and looked out the window. Arthur laughed. He patted her hand on his thigh and then took it in his and squeezed it gently.
"I can't believe I'm about to turn down a blowjob, but we're almost home, and I need to save something for tonight, just in case it goes well. It's not fair to Mindy if you two don't leave me with anything for her." Arthur smirked.
Obviously, he appreciated the attention and thoroughly enjoyed everything he did with them both separately and together. He wasn't sure how this would work, this Harem that Selene was trying to put together. He imagined that each of his girls deserved his undivided attention when it was their turn with him.
He never considered sex as a performance, but he had to admit there was a certain amount of pressure to perform well with each partner. Selene had a way of talking him up. He would have been crushed if he'd disappointed Kat after she and Selene had come to their arrangement. Likewise, Arthur didn't want to disappoint Mindy. She wanted a date, and he wanted to be able to deliver, even if that meant saying no to something he knew would feel amazing right now.
Selene pouted but took his answer in stride and sat back against her chair. She knew it wasn't a rejection of her but a certain amount of concern for Mindy. She could appreciate that. Her Master needed his strength if he was going to please all the women Selene wanted him to fuck. She smiled at the thought, dissolving her pout almost as soon as it had formed.
"Well, if you ever get it in your head, you need a blowjob to help clear the cobwebs. You know who to call." Selene gestured to herself.
"Right." Arthur nodded. "Kelly."
Kat laughed.
"Or..." Selene prompted, leaning forward slightly in her seat.
"Kat?" Arthur asked.
"I could use the practice." Kat shrugged. "I'm not as good at it as some people I could mention."
"Like Mindy?" Arthur asked, surprised.
Kat laughed again. Selene smiled but just shook her head at their teasing antics. She knew she was good at what she enjoyed. Selene enjoyed doing a lot of things with Arthur, but there was something about the way he looked at her when on her knees, sucking his cock that thrilled her. She loved the thought of being able to do it again. She knew he was just teasing.
His hand squeezed hers again, and Arthur kept holding her hand until he had to turn into the apartment complex. She let him and held his hand too. There wasn't much she wouldn't let her Master do to her, even if it were as tame as holding her hand.
The turn into the parking lot drew all their eyes outside the car. They looked around to see if any neighbors were out and about on this bright and clear Sunday. The car crawled along the parking lot. It was still earlier than Kat thought it should be. The clock on the dash clicked over to Noon just as they pulled in.
"We should part ways here." Kat suggested. "If we go up to your apartment, you might not make your date."
"It's not for a few hours...." Selene protested.
"And we have to review the reading for our Non-Western Lit class." Kat reminded her.
"Ugh." Selene slumped. "I should have taken Sexual Slavery as my elective."
Arthur laughed. "I don't think they offer classes in that here."
Kat unbuckled and leaned forward. She patted Arthur on the shoulder from the back seat. "Good thing you do." She teased him. "If we're meeting on Tuesday, I'll want that lesson plan today at the latest, so... use the time before your date to do that. 'Cause, we'll have to wait until the weekend or something if I don't get that lesson plan."
That was their arrangement, after all. It was in their contract together. Technically, they were already breaking it by having Tuesday less than three days after she received the lesson plan, but Kat was willing to let that go. She didn't want to admit to it, but she wanted to get fucked again sooner rather than later.
"Hey, which one of us is the Master here, and which one is the submissive?" Arthur asked rhetorically.
"You're my Master." Selene kissed his cheek after he'd parked the car.
"And my Dom." Kat assured him, coming up from the backseat to kiss that same cheek, which surprised Selene but made her smile. She seemed to enjoy the little signs of affection between Kat and Arthur when Kat wasn't collared as if she were seeing a softer side of her sister that she hadn't seen in years poking through the tough bitch exterior for a few seconds at a time.
Arthur turned off the car.
"And you're my girls." He assured them with a gentle smile.
He would have wanted them to come upstairs if it wasn't for his date with Mindy. As it was, he felt guilty about his date with Mindy already, and now, thinking about Mindy, he felt guilty about his activities with Selene and Kat. He knew he shouldn't. They were all adults who'd agreed to this unique relationship between them. They were all consenting and enjoyed every minute they had together. Yet, some small voice in the back of his head worried it would all fall through or someone would get hurt feelings. He wanted to postpone that for as long as he could.
The three of them, Selene, Kat, and Mindy, had met and discussed it. They called themselves his harem. He hadn't been a part of that conversation, but he didn't mind the name. It was actually pretty hot. He wouldn't mind sitting down with all three of them and talking things out. He was annoyed that he hadn't been there for their conversation. They even had an ongoing group chat together, from which they excluded Arthur. The result was that Mindy wanted to try being part of their arrangement so long as her date with Arthur went well. The added pressure of not screwing things up was minimal but still present.
Now, getting out of the car and having to say goodbye to Selene and Kat, he felt awkward about the whole idea.
"It's okay." Arthur assured Selene. "You've been a good girl. And I'll keep you updated on how the date's going as I can." He wouldn't sacrifice his attention on Mindy, but if she went to the bathroom or something, he would text Selene and let her know how things were progressing.
"Don't worry about us." Kat assured him. "Focus on Mindy. Focus on who you're with when you're with just them."
"But if you need me, just text. I can come right over." Selene assured him. She had specific fantasies of serving Arthur while he fucked Mindy. She even had some hopes of joining in and doing things with Mindy that she and Kat couldn't do together or wouldn't. The thought of Arthur ordering her to lick his load out of Mindy's pussy made her slick between the legs.
"That's not what we agreed with Mindy." Kat reminded her.
"Master's desires come first." Selene said.
"He knows." Kat laughed at her sister. "Don't worry. I'm sure he'll call you if Mindy's up for a threeway."
"Yes, Ma'am." Arthur joked. Selene looked bashful for a moment, but Kat just scoffed and shook her head. "Thanks for coming with me. I'm excited about the possibility of us all living together at the house." Arthur said as he pushed the car into Park.
"Of course you are." Kat smirked. It was obviously in Arthur's best sexual interests to keep Selene down the hall rather than across the parking lot where she lived now. As for her own preferences, Kat could neither confirm nor deny the fantasies dancing through her imagination of cohabitating with Arthur, her collar always within reach. She worried a little that she'd become addicted to it like Selene was. It helped that hers was more overtly BDSM gear than Selene's thin leather choker.
"I'm excited too!" Selene chirped. "And so is Kat. She just likes feeling superior."
Kat shrugged but neither confirmed nor denied her eagerness. There would be a lot to pack and move, but so long as Selene helped and didn't spend all her time fucking Arthur, it wouldn't be too bad. "Let us know when you sign the docs with your parents, and then send us the rental agreement for tenants so we can look it over."
"Of course." Arthur said. He turned off the car; Kat got out first, followed by Selene and Arthur. They took their things with them, and Arthur hugged each of them farewell one at a time.
Selene stepped onto her toes, reached up, and pulled him into a soft kiss. "Have fun with Mindy tonight, Master. Fuck her hard, and tell me everything tomorrow."
Arthur laughed softly as Selene stepped away, and Kat paused awkwardly. It was awkward to hug like this for both of them. They'd fucked, sure, kissed, and done all kinds of things in the privacy of their apartments and in the heat of sexual passion. This wasn't a moment of passion, and they were out in the open where anyone could see.
Kat stepped forward and kissed him on the cheek after placing a hand on his shoulder to pull him slightly toward her.
"Have fun. Remember what we told you. Be good to Mindy like you are to us. Be yourself, and you'll be fine." Kat patted his shoulder and then followed Selene, who was waiting for her.
Arthur watched the two of them walk away to their apartment. Selene's skirt swished behind her, and Kat's round ass pushed against the jeans that stretched over it. The girls looked over their shoulders at him and waved goodbye. Selene blew him a kiss. Kat rolled her eyes at both of them. They turned the corner, moved out of view, and then Arthur headed toward his apartment.
"So." Selene said as she and Kat walked to their apartment building. "What did you think of his parents?"
It was Kat's first introduction to his parents and Selene's most formal. That his mom had recognized her from that passing introduction on Parent's weekend was surprising, but some people had a memory for names and faces. Selene liked his mom a lot, though she was still unsure how to take Arthur's dad. He seemed unpredictable to Selene.
"They seem okay." Kat shrugged. "I liked the house."
"Right?" Selene gawked. "It was huge!"
"It wasn't TV big, but definitely bigger than any place we've lived." Kat nodded. "We'd really be livin' it up there if we can afford it."
It was a lovely house and comfortable too. It was far homier than either their apartment or Arthur's. The pool wasn't a big draw given that Autumn had just started, and even heated, they probably wouldn't do much swimming during the winter months.
Kat wondered if they'd be able to live there over the summer or if they'd have to move out when the semester ended. It was a good question, and one to ask if it wasn't answered by the rental agreement.
"Can we?" Selene asked. She knew money was tighter for them than for Arthur, but she was never really good with keeping up with the finances beyond her personal budget, which rarely let her spend any money. After all, she only worked a few hours a week at the cafe on campus. Most purchases went on a credit card that her mom helped her pay.
"Well, your job barely pays for shit." Kat almost laughed. "My editing gigs are paying okay, but Mom supplements our rent, making up the shortfall every month. You know that. There's no way she'd be okay with us moving in with Arthur." Kat shook her head.
"Fuck her." Selene scoffed.
"She helps us out. A lot." Kat hated having to defend their mother, but she felt it was warranted in this particular instance. Selene and their mom never got along, with Selene looking for almost every opportunity to rebel. Kat was the good daughter, but she also hated how controlling their mother could be in exchange for peace and motherly love.
"Always with strings attached." Selene scoffed. "Fuck her."
"I wish someone would." Kat giggled. "Maybe then she'd loosen up."
Selene was quiet as they entered their building and headed down the steps to their apartment door. "Okay, so we just don't tell her?" Selene asked. "I mean, we tell her we're moving and getting a house with a bunch of our girlfriends, and we just don't tell her about the landlord living on site."
"And if she wants to inspect the place first?" Kat asked.
"If we move quickly, she won't." Selene suggested. "If we're in there by next month, she won't have time to come all the way across the state to look at it."
"If we get enough other renters, it'll be cheaper too." Kat said as she unlocked the door, and she and Selene entered their apartment. It was the mirror image of Arthur's with the two bedrooms off to the left after a small open area, the bathroom on the far wall, which wrapped around to the kitchen toward the right. Their sofa was more or less in front of the dining/living room divide, facing the wall the front door was on where their TV stood on its entertainment center, which held more DVDs than electronics.
Their apartment was more decorated than Arthur's, with pictures of the two of them and their friends on the wall, some art Kat liked, and some fan art Selene liked. The large poster map of Middle-Earth was framed and hung right next to the bathroom door.
Selene headed toward her room, tossed the duffel bag on the bed, then returned and placed her book bag on the kitchen table. She pulled the books she needed from it and walked over to the couch. Kat did the same routine and sat on the sofa with her books on the opposite side of Selene.
"Smells like sex in here." Selene scoffed. "You fucked him right on this couch, right?" Selene asked her sister slyly.
"That was yesterday." Kat scoffed but nodded, recalling the memory of falling asleep with him here pleasantly, even if the memory of the post-orgasmic bliss was even better. "Should I light a candle?"
Selene shrugged, but Kat did it anyway, filling the living room in no time with the piny scent of a tree-themed Yankee candle.
"So we're agreed to move in with Arthur, right?" Selene asked, just to make sure.
Kat hesitated but nodded as she retook her seat. "Yeah."
"And we want our own room, not to share his?" Selene asked.
Kat looked at her for a moment. She hadn't considered it an option to move into the house and into Arthur's bedroom with him. It was a thought, she supposed. It'd allow for more renters and, consequently, cheaper rent. On the other hand, she didn't intend to share Arthur's bed every night as Selene did. She wanted a space of her own.
"We should have our own room." Kat said after a moment. "But I imagine you'll probably spend most nights in his room rather than ours, which is honestly fine with me. I wasn't particularly looking forward to sharing a bedroom with you again." Kat smirked.
Selene giggled, imagining it. The idea of living with Arthur full time, of always being there for him, made her so happy inside that she could not keep from smiling. She wondered if she would sleep on Arthur's bed, or if he would make her a slave bed out of blankets like at his apartment, which she loved, or if he'd follow through with his excellent idea from earlier and get her a cage to sleep in.
The idea of being locked up in a cage in full view of Arthur's bed made her eager to see Arthur again and fuck him. The daydream of being locked in that cage while he fucked someone on his bed made her heart race. She wanted to run across the parking lot and tackle him to the ground, a physical impossibility, sure, but he'd catch her, and then they could fuck. Her smile stretched to its limits with every second.
Kat noticed the smile on her face and caught some of it, smiling even as she turned her eyes to the book they were supposed to be reading.
"You're thinking about fucking Arthur again, aren't you?" Kat asked in a dry accusation.
Selene's smile didn't fade. She bit her bottom lip, nodded, and then rolled her eyes at Kat when Kat pointedly glared at the book in her hands. She sighed and turned her attention to the book. She read a line or two, then closed it in her lap and looked at Kat. "Do you think any of your volleyball friends would be into sharing Arthur?"
Kat coughed in surprise and shook her head. She had to think through the girls on her volleyball team for a few minutes. She could think of a few that might be down to fuck Arthur, but she didn't know how cool they might be with sharing him for a night or longer. Fucking him was one thing. Most people probably wanted to. Even Kat could admit that he was a fine specimen of a man. Sharing him, though, was harder to tell.
"Want me to ask around?" Kat asked.
"No." Selene shook her head. "I don't want to pimp him out or anything."
Kat laughed. "Yes, you do. You just don't want anyone to pay you for it." The things Selene was willing to do for Arthur worried Kat sometimes. It was as if Selene let all of her self-respect and limits get washed away by a good fuck. That was her business, of course, but Kat still felt the instinctual need to look out for her little sister when she was too foolish to look out for herself. She was glad Arthur was looking out for her, too, though he might have a hard time saying no if Selene offered him the chance to fuck someone hot who was no good for him.
Selene giggled. "It's hot, okay? I loved watching him fuck you and how happy you both were." She closed her eyes and pulled up the memory of it. She could see Arthur's face, the look in his eyes that burned with desire and passion. The bright pleasure was evident on her sister's face as she lifted her head and cried out while Arthur hammered her from behind. It was a hot memory and one that made Selene intensely happy, even if she couldn't figure out how to adequately explain it.
"Happy is one word for it." Kat said with a smirk.
"Weren't you happy?" Selene asked, suddenly concerned.
Kat nodded. "I was. I think he was too. I think it was less like happiness and more... satisfaction." She didn't know how to explain the difference, but it made sense. It wasn't like fucking made her happy at the moment. She was too focused for it to take hold. Happiness came in that post-orgasmic relaxation after a good fucking.
"Well, I like seeing you both satisfied." Selene nodded. "Seeing other people happy, that's my real kink."
"As kinks go, it's not the worst." Kat smirked. "I was a little worried when he threatened to 'rape our asses, ' though."
"That was just for my benefit." Selene assured her. "Arthur doesn't even like using the word. He went soft last time I asked him to rape me."
"Arthur went soft? I didn't even know that was possible." Kat giggled. She supposed that the revelation of her sister's kink made some sense, but it still worried her a little. Kat was thankful for Arthur at that moment. If not for him, who knew how Selene might try and fulfill her fantasies.
Selene nodded and bit her bottom lip. "It was so hot when he did the scene, though." She closed her eyes and called it up in her memory.
She felt her body respond to the memory as though she were watching her favorite porno, and her breathing shifted. She loved Arthur, and she knew it was more than just attraction. The strong arms, the broad pecs, the V muscles at the bottom of his torso, and the abs leading down to them were all erotic when paired with his handsome face and sharp jawline. Still, it was his goofy manner, his way of always putting others first, and that he made her feel safe even when dragging her naked across the carpet toward his bedroom that made her feel warm every time she thought of him.
"We have the weirdest conversations about that man." Kat shook her head. "Should we warn Mindy about the rape thing? Wouldn't want him going soft on her tonight."
Selene giggled. "Maybe." She shrugged. "I don't even know what her kinks are." Selene, Kat, and Mindy knew each other well enough for anyone after a two-hour conversation, but it wasn't as if they'd delved into every deep dark secret one might have. They probably should have talked about sex more than they did, come to think of it, but they'd gotten distracted talking about Avatar the Last Airbender, as one does.
"She's an eighteen-year-old Freshman. She probably doesn't know what her kinks are. I don't even know my kinks, and I'm older than you." Kat scoffed. "I'm still learning." Arthur was helping her figure that all out, after all. That was the premise of their sessions together, anyway. He was her sex professor, and she was his pupil. Sex padawan? There were probably fewer nerdy titles for that kind of thing, but she could only think about nerdy ways of saying it. She blamed her proximity to Selene.
"We should let them figure it out then." Selene nodded. "I'm sure they'll figure it out. I hope she likes spanking, though." Selene shifted on the sofa a bit. "He seems to really like it." She could still feel the dull throb of her ass cheeks as they pressed against the couch. It was like sitting on something that she could feel with every subtle shift or movement of her legs beneath her.
Selene didn't hate it. On the contrary, she felt she could feel Arthur's hand on her ass without him being there. It was a wonderful feeling to think that she took her Master with her wherever she went in some physical way.
Kat laughed and shifted herself. She'd only been spanked a few times compared to poor Selene, whose ass, the last time Kat saw it, seemed an almost permanent shade of red compared to her pale white flesh everywhere else.
"I didn't mind it." Kat admitted softly.
"You loved it." Selene corrected Kat with a smirk. "I saw the way you looked, remember?"
Kat's smirk grew into a gently blushing smile, but she didn't answer Selene. She turned her attention back to their reading as if either of them could hope to focus on schoolwork.
Selene went back to reading, too, for a few minutes anyway. Their phones buzzed simultaneously, and they each moved to check them, digging through their respective purses by the sofa with silent choreography.
Selene hoped it was from Arthur, but the notification on her phone read: Harem Chat. She glanced at Kat as she unlocked it, and they both began reading the chat's missed messages.
Mindy: Today's the day! I have to go to church with my parents, but afterwards, are you two around?
Mindy: Church is over! Are you two around?
Mindy: Ok, so you haven't read these yet, but if you get some time before my date with Arthur, please let me know!
Mindy: Ok! I'm officially panicking! I need help! HELP!
Selene looked up at Kat, who'd read the same messages, and both looked apologetic. Poor Mindy was nervous about her date with Arthur and was looking for help from her harem sisters, and both of them had accidentally ignored her, missing her messages while they were at Arthur's parents' house or with Arthur this morning.
Selene: Sorry! We were studying. What's up?
Mindy answered back immediately.
Mindy: I need your advice! You know what he likes, right? I need help picking my outfit!
Selene looked at Kat, who looked up from her phone and shrugged. Master usually picked Selene's outfits for her, or at least, he had the last few days since Selene practically refused to wear anything he didn't choose for her. That was as good a style guide as any. Kat had less experience in what Arthur liked to see his girls wear, but she was perfectly willing to help a friend in need.
Selene: What do you have so far?
Mindy: Nothing!
Kat: He'll like that, but you might get arrested.
Selene sent a laughing emoji, but Mindy sent a worried emoji and a frowny face.
Kat: Sorry. Not helpful. Uh... he likes lingerie.
Selene: And dresses!
Mindy: He said he likes feminine. Skirts, and stuff. But I always wear things like that at work, and he never notices!
Kat: What do you wear at work?
Mindy: Can we facetime?
Selene: Sure!
Kat looked at Selene and frowned but tossed the book aside and settled into the sofa as the video call came through. Selene didn't want to study anyway; she knew that, but she was legitimately worried for her sister's grades if Selene replaced all of her study time with fucking Arthur and running his apparent harem.
The call came through, and the camera showed a distressed Mindy frowning at the camera. Her hair was a mess, and her makeup wasn't done yet. She turned the phone to show a dorm bed covered in a mountain of clothing of all colors but barely discernible shapes.
Selene smiled almost apologetically as she looked it over and tried to pick out which pieces of clothing were which.
"Help me!" Mindy pleaded.
"Calm down." Kat said in a soothing tone Selene had only heard a few times before. "You don't need to be nervous. He likes you. He's nervous too. Just pick something that looks good on you, and he'll love it."
Selene nodded. "What dresses do you have?" She asked, getting straight to business. She knew Arthur preferred dresses to skirt and top combos and those to pants and tops. Of course, that wasn't to say he couldn't enjoy a pair of pajama shorts and a low-cut top, but if they were going out in public, Mindy probably needed something sexy but not too slutty.
"I have a whole bunch." Mindy gestured to the bed. "How short should it be? I don't want to be dressed super slutty at the bowling alley, like out of place, but I want to keep his eyes on me. Shortest I have is this mini-dress." She held up a slinky red number that looked like a wrap dress that overlapped in an A-shaped skirt that closed just below the crotch when she held it up against her.
"That looks good." Kat nodded.
"But is it too short for bowling?" Mindy asked. "I don't mind flashing him, don't get me wrong, but I don't want to flash the entire place."
"I get it." Selene said with a consoling smile.
"He's never really looked at me like I've wanted him to." Mindy complained. "He needs to see me as sexy, someone he can, y'know... think about in that way."
Kat smirked slightly as if not concerned at all. Arthur was, after all, a man. In her mind, he could find any woman willing to bare some skin as sexy. She didn't consider that he could turn that off or filter it in any way. That hadn't been her experience when it came to men. She usually dressed pretty properly, after all, in business casual suits and blazers, and she still had men stare at her chest and think they had a shot even if she had "Fuck off" figuratively stamped across her forehead.
Selene understood the worry, though. Arthur hadn't considered her a sexual prospect either. Arthur's manner of treating women as though they weren't potential sexual partners was one of the things she liked about him, for the most part. It was what made him a safe friend. Maybe it was because he'd been so used to dating Lori, being taken, and still having female friends. Yet, obviously, Selene was into him in ways he hadn't considered until she came right out and asked him to teach her the ways of BDSM. In Selene's experience, the only way to get out of Arthur's blind spot was to ask him to let you out of it directly or ask to suck his dick.
Mindy was in the same boat, more or less. She hadn't gotten Arthur's attention that way until she asked him out. She'd constantly flirted with him at the office, and he hadn't picked up on any of it. She found it hard to believe sometimes, but there it was. Several of their coworkers had even teased her about it. They'd called her thirsty, and one guy had even gotten pissed off when he asked Mindy out, and she looked at Arthur's desk before declining.
Selene didn't know how, but Kelly had somehow gotten Arthur's romantic and sexual interest right off the bat. Could it just be because of her looks? No. There must have been something else. Selene resolved to ask her soon.
"Well, he picked out Selene's outfit, so he must like it." Kat suggested and turned her camera to Selene.
Selene stood up to show off her outfit. She wore a thinly strapped black cami top that had ridden slightly above the waist of her purple calf-length gypsy skirt. Her bra straps were visible, and the top showed off a toned body from the waist up with pert round b-cup breasts, but it was not particularly sexy. It looked comfortable and casual as Selene did a slow spin to show it off.
"What are you wearing?" Mindy asked Kat.
"Oh well, I picked out my own outfit, but he seemed to like it." Kat shrugged.
Selene pointed her camera toward Kat, who stood up and showed off a pink off-the-shoulder sweater over a pair of skin-tight blue jeans that hugged her curvaceous waist and butt like a second skin.
"I'd do better in a skirt or dress, I think...." Mindy hesitated. "I don't have your hips." She turned the phone to herself. She was dressed in a pair of plaid pajama pants and a tee shirt, but her lack of hip curves was evident, even if she did have great legs and a butt she was proud of, not to mention the largest breasts out of the three. The tee shirt didn't show them off, but under it, she had full double D breasts that threatened to burst more than one blouse she'd worn to the office.
"Do you want us to come over?" Kat asked. "It's tough to see everything through the phone. We can pick out some outfits for you to try on...." She glanced at the clock. "If we hurry."
"Could you?" Mindy asked. "That would be so great!"
"We'll leave now. We'll be there in twenty." Selene agreed.
"Probably fifteen if Selene drives." Kat smirked but hung up the call and stashed her phone away.
"See you soon!" Selene waved goodbye at the phone and stashed it away as she grabbed her purse.
"You realize this means we'll have to really hit the books as soon as we're done helping her." Kat said to Selene. "Which means we're probably not going shopping."
"We have to go shopping." Selene countered with a whine. "You said you wanted to!"
"I do!" Kat agreed. "But we can't do everything."
"We'll go help Mindy, get out of there before Arthur picks her up, go shopping, have a sister date, and then come home and hit the books." Selene assured her sister.
"Uh-huh." Kat scoffed. She knew when Selene was full of shit, and this was definitely one of those times. Selene didn't want to do the reading, answer the questions they were supposed to answer for their homework, or study for the inevitable essay question-filled quiz they would have to face about the assignment. She wanted to buy slutty Halloween costumes and lingerie for her Master, and Kat had agreed to go with her and might decide to buy an item or two for herself if it wasn't too expensive.
"You can always stay here and hit the books if you want to." Selene said.
Kat thought about it, but her thoughts didn't stop her from gathering her things, following Selene to the door, closing it behind them, and locking it. "Let's go help a random girl pick out an outfit, so your boyfriend will think she's fuckable." Kat said wryly.
"Not a random girl." Selene protested. "Mindy. She's in the harem with us! She's practically a sister. And Arthur's not my boyfriend."
Kat scoffed as she climbed the steps after Selene. Whatever Selene's hangup over the term was, Kat couldn't understand it. In a few days, the entire campus might know that the three of them, four if you counted Kelly, were in a sexual relationship with Arthur. Kat didn't like to think what that would do to her reputation around school.
"If anything, he's our boyfriend." Selene gestured in a circle. "Yours, mine, and Mindy's, collectively."
"He's a fuck buddy for me." Kat shrugged. For some reason, she felt better having that distinction. Maybe that was why Selene insisted Arthur wasn't her boyfriend too, though she didn't mind it when Kat referred to him as her, or their, Master. "But sure. And don't forget Kelly."
"And Kelly." Selene agreed. "We really should talk to her." She'd met Kelly at the gym, and she was perfectly friendly. It was Kelly's suggestion to Arthur that they keep things casual and not exclusive. She didn't know how Kelly would feel about joining the harem, the sisterhood of women fucking Arthur, dating him knowing he had one or having whatever relationship she wanted with him. Selene, for her part, wasn't dating him, but he was her Master, and she was his slave. Those were the only words she knew to express how completely he owned her heart, body, mind, and soul.
"Aren't you friends with her on social? Just shoot her a message." Kat said as they reached the car.
"Ah yes, just ring her up for tea with you, me, and Mindy and discuss how we will share our Master." Selene teased. "No, I have to think of how to do this properly if we want it to work. After all, I don't want to accidentally break Arthur and Kelly up."
Their car was not as nice as Arthur's, which was saying something considering that Arthur had bought the cheapest car he could find that still ran well. For one, they shared it, and Selene wasn't as anal about keeping the interior tidy like Kat was. They hadn't picked the car out for two; they'd been given it by their mother, who bought it from a church friend. The fish-silhouette sticker it came with had permanently adhered to the bumper, and no amount of Selene scraping at it could get it to come off despite the obvious signs of her attempts.
Kat took the passenger seat and let Selene drive. A rare occurrence, but time was of the essence, and it wouldn't be too bad. The nail marks on the armrest from the last time Selene drove were still there. Kat's hand fit into its groove and was ready as Selene slammed into reverse, hit the brakes, and then adjusted her mirrors.
Selene laughed at Kat's panicked expression, as though she'd done it on purpose, and then started driving out of the parking lot like a normal person. She glanced up at Arthur's apartment as they passed it, but he wasn't in the window looking down at them as she might have hoped. Kat noticed and smirked at her sister.
"Seriously, though." Kat said again. "We should talk to Kelly sooner rather than later. Maybe we can talk to Arthur and get everyone together in one place."
Selene bit her bottom lip.
"Not like that!" Kat slapped her sister's arm. "To talk. To make everything official and figure things out. We don't want Kelly being okay with Arthur dating other people but not okay with, y'know, us."
Selene nodded. "No, I get it. I agree." She made a turn without using her blinker but remembered to turn it on halfway through when Kat cleared her throat. "Kelly's really nice. I think you'll like her."
Kat smirked. "I know who she is." She sat back in her chair and tightened her grip on the armrest. "Her roommate is on my volleyball team. Katelyn. She's great, but the group calls us the Kats sometimes, which I hate. They're not always the wittiest." Kat frowned. "Never had many occasions to talk to Kelly, though."
"Well, now we do." Selene giggled. "We just need to figure out how to say it. Maybe Katelyn can give you some insight into how to approach Kelly?"
Kat racked her brain, but try as she might, she didn't know how to ask her friend how to best approach her roommate about their group relationship with Arthur. There was no precedent in her mind for that kind of conversation. She could try and google it, but her experience navigating that kind of thing on the web told her she wouldn't find much helpful information.
"It went pretty well with Mindy." Kat reminded her. "Let's just do that."
Selene nodded. "Once she had a chance to process it, yeah. I'm glad Mindy's into the idea."
Mindy was surprised, obviously, but once the surprise was overcome, she seemed intrigued by the idea and then enthusiastic. She was undoubtedly embracing the sisterhood of it now.
"She seems to enjoy having a sort of sisterhood." Kat observed. "I can't say it's a bad idea, each of us looking out for the other like you and I do."
"It's easy to look out for each other when it's for Arthur." Selene smiled and reached over to pat her sister's arm but put her hand back on the steering wheel as the car beside her honked at them.
"I'll never know how you ever passed your driving exam." Kat muttered. That it had taken Selene four tries, that she'd had to retake the written exam, and that she hadn't managed to get her driver's license until her Sophomore year in college were things Kat tried to forget every time Selene drove.
"I'm a good driver!" Selene protested.
Kat's lips pressed together into a thin line of disagreement.
"Well, I'm okay." Selene shrugged.
Kat shook her head and tried to take a deep breath. "Red light!"
Selene giggled. "Using a safety word to get me to let you drive instead? Really?"
"No! RED LIGHT!" Kat pointed forcefully forward as Selene slammed on the brakes just in time. The car made a squealing noise in protest, and Kat would swear in court that the front bumper of their shared car came within less than a quarter inch of the rear bumper of the vehicle in front of them.
The two sat still as stones, both in shock at the near-miss, until Selene giggled.
"Jesus!" Kat smacked Selene's arm.
Selene continued to giggle until it bubbled up into full-grown laughter. She was laughing so hard she could hardly breathe. Nearly bent over double in her seat as she held onto the steering wheel.
"What the fuck is the matter with you?" Kat looked at her, still trying to calm her racing heart.
Selene was still laughing. "The..." She panted. "Red..." She laughed and slapped the steering wheel. "Light!"
Kat looked at her sister and then realized what she'd said when Kat pointed out the red light. It'd gotten lost in the panic of Selene's obliviousness for a moment, but once she found it again, Kat started giggling too.
The light changed to green, and the cars in front of them started to move forward, so Selene did her best to regain her composure after giving the car in front of them some time to put a decent gap between them. She was still giggling.
"We have to tell Master about that." Selene chuckled.
"You mean, Arthur?" Kat asked with a giggle. "You've called him that a few times now, you know. You really shouldn't be calling him that outside of play. Otherwise, you might slip up, say it in front of your friends or something." She was still laughing at the stoplight and added fresh laughter at the idea of Selene embarrassing herself by calling Arthur 'Master' at the wrong moment.
"Hm." Selene hummed. "It's okay when it's just you and me, right? And maybe Mindy?"
Kat's laughter died down now, and she looked at Selene for a few moments as they drove. "You really get off on calling him Master, don't you?"
Selene smiled softly. "It's not that. It's..." She hesitated, trying to think of a way to say it that didn't make her sound crazy. "It's comforting to think of him as my Master. It makes me feel safe, cared for, protected, whatever." Selene shrugged and tapped the thin leather collar around her throat. "It's why I like wearing this. It's a reminder of him every time I feel it or see it in the mirror."
"I get it." Kat said after a while. "He made me feel that way in the shower. It was awkward, being naked but casual with him...." She thought back to him washing them down and felt herself respond. There was a simplicity in nudity around him and a sense of security. That secure feeling was almost as addictive a feeling as the arousal. "Well, I'm fine if it's just the two of us." Kat shrugged. "But you really should be careful who you say it around."
Selene nodded and stopped protesting, which was as much agreement on the issue as Kat felt she was likely to get.
"Slow down." Kat warned as they pulled onto campus. "Yellow light."
Selene giggled but slowed down all the same. The campus security jeep parked just behind the dumpsters was disappointed at the lack of tickets they could pass out today. They watched Selene and Kat roll past them just under the 15 mph speed limit posted around campus. Plenty of students were out and about today, enjoying one of the last warm, sunny autumn days before the weather eventually turned cold. Selene parked in the lot closest to the dorms and then pulled out her phone to call Mindy.
"What dorm are you in, and where?" Selene asked quickly.
Mindy laughed. "I'm in the Washington building. First floor, Suite 2."
"Okay. See you in like two minutes." Selene hung up as she and Kat exited the car. The walk to the dorm was quick, with Selene always a few paces ahead of Kat. Mindy was waiting for them just inside the dorm and led them swiftly to her suite. The old halls were surprisingly familiar yet exceedingly maze-like, even if they only had to make a few turns before they came to Mindy's door.
Selene and Kat had both lived in the dorms, but not together. They had been in different buildings rooming with other girls, but almost every college dorm building was the same. Two bedrooms linked to a common suite room, one on either side. Each bedroom had two beds, two desks, two dressers, and two closets with barely enough room for clothes. Bare, they all looked the same. After Orientation weekend, they were postered and decorated with all the bits of personality their occupants could craft, bring from home, or purchase from local stores.
Mindy's suitemates were absent, but Selene and Mindy hardly noticed as they made their way through the beige-painted room decorated with paper flowers on the walls. The U-shaped sofa in the middle of the space surrounding a small coffee table was a nice touch, but there was no TV and a mini-fridge on either side of the room. The names Ji-Min and Penelope were splattered across the bedroom door to the right as they entered, cut out in paper and decorated with flowers.
Mindy shoved them through the door and then closed it behind her. The pile of clothes on the bed was even more enormous in person, as though Mindy had emptied her entire dresser and closet onto the bed and became overwhelmed at the hopelessness of choosing entirely because she had too many options.
Her mattress couldn't be seen for all the clothes on it. Her roommate's bed bore a simple blue quilt and pillow, made neatly and piled high with stuffed animals of all shapes and sizes. Mindy's half of the room was decorated with boy bands that neither Selene nor Kat recognized, not being familiar with Korean pop, and bands of girls in gothically stylized lolita dresses wielding heavy-metal guitars and instruments. Selene was distractedly captivated by all of it.
On the other hand, her roommate had posters of bands they had heard of and cringed at seeing.
"Is your roommate a youth pastor?" Selene scoffed and then felt apologetic. She knew Mindy said she'd gone to church that morning, which she was still trying to reconcile with her being okay with this unconventional relationship. She'd said her parents were more traditional, so she assumed it was a thing they made her do, but she didn't want to ask.
"No." Mindy shook her head. "But her dad is."
Selene almost laughed. She'd been teasing Arthur about Mindy's roommate being a prude, but to find out it was true seemed as though she were a prophet. She wondered what he would say if he ever discovered it or what Mindy's roomie might say if she ever discovered Mindy was part of a harem.
"Wow." Kat said with a slight laugh as she took in the in-person size of Mindy's pile of clothes. "Well... I guess we should pick you something slutty to wear before she gets back. Let's get started. Selene... what's Arthur's favorite color?"
"Red." Selene said without hesitation.
Mindy looked as though she felt she should have known that. "Any color he doesn't like?"
Selene had to think about that one for a moment. "Not that I'm aware of?"
Kat nodded and then immediately took command of the situation. "Alright, let's get sorting. Take all the pants off the bed right now. We know he prefers skirts and dresses."
"I have a lot of those." Mindy said apologetically. "Skirts and dresses, I mean."
Kat nodded but had already started pulling jeans, tights, leggings, and anything else trouser-shaped off the bed and threw them onto the floor.
"What about shorts?" Selene asked.
"Shorts can come off too." Kat decided.
Mindy nodded and moved to help. Between the three, they sifted through the pile pretty quickly, even if they sometimes tossed a skirt or dress into one another's pile. The mountain on the bed was smaller now, with about a quarter of the original mass on her floor.
"I don't see any underwear here." Kat looked toward Mindy. "Do you already have some picked out?"
"I..." Mindy hesitated. "I know you said he liked lingerie, but I wasn't sure what kind, so I bought a bunch."
"Okay." Kat agreed. "Clothes first. Then we'll sift through your undies."
Selene smirked slightly as she lifted up a crop top. "Okay, so... top and skirt combo, or a dress?" Selene asked. "I think he prefers dresses, but what are you more comfortable in?"
"Do you have any red dresses?" Kat asked Mindy.
"The one I showed you on face time." Mindy said. "But it's a little too short, I think."
"Any others?" Selene asked, hopefully.
"Not here." She shook her head. "I have a red Christmas dress at my parents,' but it's a little out of season."
"Any red tops?" Selene asked.
"No... wait, yes. I have this sweater." She yanked out a red sweater that was open in the front, and the top was much shorter than the sleeves. "It's a cropped sweater, open front, ties in front in little bows, see?" She held it up, hopefully.
"It's cute!" Selene said enthusiastically. It didn't look particularly warm, with how little of it there was. It was, however, a cute accent piece to an outfit.
Mindy groaned. "We don't need cute! We need sexy! I want him to look at me and want to rip my clothes off!"
Kat shook her head, which caused her curls to bounce. "He's too much a gentleman for that. He's going to treat you like a princess, especially on your first date."
Mindy seemed to frown at that. "I knew I should have made a move on him in the storage closet."
Selene giggled. "You had him in the storage closet?"
"At work." Mindy smirked. "We had to empty out the storage closet of all the marketing materials because there was a leak. We were alone there for a few seconds at a time. He was all dressed up but slowly getting more casual as he got hot and sweaty moving all those boxes...." Mindy seemed to trail off in thought as her sentence trailed off in volume.
Selene and Kat smirked at her, but they were picturing it too, even if they couldn't recall it from memory.
"Well, you missed your chance. Next time, go for it." Selene teased her.
Kat laughed. "Until then, there's no escaping him treating you well."
"You have to tell him if you want something else." Selene reminded Mindy. "Like, I have to remind him sometimes to be firm with Kat because she can be a brat."
"And I remind him to treat Selene like a slut, because that's what she is." Kat spat back.
Mindy laughed. "So his default is to treat me like a princess unless I tell him to treat me like a whore?"
Kat and Selene nodded, still sifting through her clothes.
"Which one do you want?" Kat asked. "If you want to dress like a whore, we just need to find the dress with the least amount of fabric."
"Maybe somewhere in between?" Selene suggested when she saw that Mindy looked nervous.
Mindy nodded, her dark black hair falling forward. She pushed it back behind her ear, picked up a long maxi dress, and threw it to the floor.
"So slutty, but not too slutty. Something, a little classy, maybe?" Kat asked. Sifting through the clothes on the bed was an almost Sisyphean labor. It felt like every time she got to the bottom of her pile, it grew back from Selene, making way through hers.
"How about this?" Selene asked as she plucked a dress from the pile and held it against Mindy.
Mindy stepped back from the bed and stood straight so the dress could fall against her. It was a black cotton dress that seemed to fall to her knees, but it was shapeless, and its high neckline and capped sleeves wouldn't show off any of her curves.
"Hm..." Kat looked at Mindy holding the dress against herself and shook her head. "No. Nothing black. We want to show off your shape. Your assets, right?"
Mindy seemed to think about it for a moment and then nodded.
"Okay. Everything black, off the bed." Kat pointed her thumb over her shoulder to the pile of clothes in Mindy's closet.
Removing all of the black clothes reduced Mindy's pile by another quarter. They were getting closer, and Selene was excited by some of the prospects. She held up a yellow crop top that would have shown off any abs Mindy might have. Arthur would be into that, being so into fitness and clearly enjoying Kelly's muscular definition.
"This is cute." Selene said, offering it up to Mindy.
"Ugh. Yellow and red, no. She's not a traffic light." Kat said. Then she and Selene giggled so simultaneously that Mindy was sure she missed a joke.
"Did I miss something?" Mindy asked.
"Sorry." Selene giggled. "Our safewords with Arthur are red light when we need to stop and yellow light when we need to slow down."
"Oh." Mindy nodded. "Oh!" She giggled. "Should I just wear green, then?" The other two answered in giggles. "And I guess I should decide on a safeword."
"Only if you intend to find yourself in a situation where you might need to use it." Kat shrugged.
Mindy looked at Selene. They both blushed and looked away.
"Or just use red light, yellow light." Kat suggested. "Less for Arthur to have to remember."
"I think he can keep it all straight." Selene defended Arthur, to no one's surprise. "But you can use it if you want to." Selene nodded.
Mindy nodded but didn't say whether she would use it. She kept moving her clothes around but tossed the yellow top onto the pile in her closet. She picked out the rest of the yellow and tossed it aside.
"What about this?" Selene asked, and she held up a white dress. Its waist was narrow and cinched. The top looked like it was barely there, but Kat realized it was because it was a backless halter dress. The straps looked like it had a low neckline too.
"I usually wear that with a sweater over it." Mindy explained.
"Perfect!" Kat cried out as she held up the red cropped sweater. "Between the two of these, you have an outfit!"
Selene clapped. "Let's see them on you."
Mindy nodded and peeled off her t-shirt in a blink.
"Not shy at all?" Kat asked with a slight laugh.
Mindy looked surprised. "I'm sorry, I thought it-"
"She's just teasing you." Selene assured her. "We've all been in a locker room. We're all sisters here, and this is your room. Go for it."
Mindy nodded and finished stripping down as she stepped out of her pajama pants, leaving her in a black sports bra and a pair of white cotton panties.
Kat couldn't help but look her over, comparing Mindy's toned legs to her thick ones.
Mindy put on the dress and quickly tied the straps of the halter into a bow behind her neck. Then she put on the sweater.
"Looks good!" Selene gave her the thumbs up.
"Hm..." Kat seemed to consider it for a moment. "I think it's missing something...."
Selene looked at Kat and then back at Mindy. She thought it over and looked Mindy over as she stood there awkwardly, holding her hands in front of her and looking down. When Mindy looked up, Selene finally knew what might be missing.
"Do you have any chokers?" Selene asked. "He likes collars."
Mindy's eyes flicked to the thin leather collar around Selene's throat and then to Kat's bare neck.
"I only wear a collar when I'm playing. Otherwise, it's hung up next to the door, remember?" Kat smirked. "But a choker isn't a bad idea if you have any cute ones and don't mind things against your throat."
"You seem to get over that quickly when Master puts that collar on you." Selene stuck her tongue out at her sister.
Kat shrugged. "It's... different. And temporary." She defended. "Do you have any?" She asked Mindy.
"Or I can lend you one." Selene suggested. "But not this one." She pressed her fingers against the thin leather strap around her throat possessively.
"And it's too late to run back to the apartment." Kat reminded her.
"We have time." Selene said, glancing at the clock. "If I drive fast..."
Kat shook her head. "If you want to drive back to the apartment and grab a choker for her, go for it."
"I have some." Mindy finally got a word in edgewise. She opened the top drawer of her dresser and rooted around a bit. Then she finally seemed to find what she was looking for. It was a long strip of deep red velvet with thin black string laces tied through the thread-reinforced holes at either end.
"Perfect." Selene smiled. "You can tie the laces into a bow to match the sweater!"
Kat nodded her approval. "And we need to do something about your legs...." She said after a moment. "You're wearing heels, right?"
"Yeah." Mindy said as she raised her arms to tie the choker. Selene moved to help her. The velvet strip wrapped around her neck nearly twice. Then the thin black strings tied off into a lovely little bow in the front. "I figured socks? Since we're bowling?"
Selene shook her head. "Something classy and slightly reminiscent of the office?" Selene suggested. "Stockings?"
"Won't those get in the way?" Kat asked.
"I have knee-high socks." Mindy suggested.
"Hm... those might be cute." Selene nodded.
"But we don't want cute." Kat reminded her on Mindy's behalf.
"Do you have thigh highs?" Selene suggested.
"Only the garter-belt kind." Mindy shrugged.
"That's even better." Kat assured her. "Something tells me Arthur will love a good garter belt."
"Let's call it submissive intuition." Selene suggested.
"Let's not!" Kat said cheerfully. She gave Selene a look that suggested her tone was entirely false. She turned her attention back to Mindy. "We definitely have to change that underwear, though. You said you bought lingerie?"
Mindy nodded and returned to the dresser. She opened the second drawer from the top and scooped up two armfuls of lace, string, and sheer fabric. Selene cleared the rest of the bed by pushing it all onto the floor, and Mindy dumped them out onto her bed.
"I went kind of nuts at the store." Mindy admitted and blushed as she looked down at the floor. "I uh... wasn't sure what he would like."
"He'll like all of it, I'm sure." Kat laughed. "What makes you feel sexy?"
"All of it." Mindy laughed. "It's all the skimpiest, sexiest stuff I could find."
"Anything red?" Selene asked, spotting the obvious answer as she raised a pair of skimpy sheer lace panties.
"Those, for sure." Kat nodded. "And for the top?"
"Well, with the backless dress...." Selene seemed to be thinking it over.
"Are you thinking braless?" Kat asked.
Selene nodded as Mindy scoffed. Selene gave her a surprised look.
"Oh, you're serious?" Mindy asked.
"Yeah. I think Arthur would like easy access...." Selene suggested. She got quieter the more she went on, not sure why Mindy was giving her a look of disbelief.
"I don't think I've gone without a bra since I was twelve." Mindy scoffed. "I got them heavy boobs."
Kat looked puzzled, but Selene laughed.
"From crazy ex-girlfriend?" Selene asked Kat as though her question explained everything.
However, Kat's confused look failed to fade, and she shrugged it off. "If you're not comfortable going braless, do you have something that will match the bottoms?"
"Yeah." Mindy raised up a matching bra. It was sheer red lace all over, and the cups were more prominent than any bra in either of their bedrooms, even if they were only half-cupped. Selene almost laughed, but she figured her Master would like the variety. Not only was Mindy different in breast size, but her black hair contrasted with Selene and Kat's blonde. Mindy's darker complexion, different ethnicity, and different body shape helped to round out his harem.
Selene knew Arthur would enjoy Mindy's breasts. He liked curvy, well-built women like Mindy, Kelly, and Kat. Selene's own curves were on the slender side. She knew that, but she enjoyed pleasing her Master anyway.
"Maybe bring it in your purse." Selene suggested. "If it gets too much, go to the bathroom and put it on. But that doesn't look like it'll offer much support anyway. You should try to go without it for as long as you can. Arthur will enjoy it when he realizes you're not wearing a bra, and the sweater will cover up any accidental side boob."
Mindy seemed to think it over but finally nodded. Selene knew Arthur's romantic and sexual preferences better than she did. Selene was the mastermind behind this whole arrangement anyway, so it was probably best to trust her judgment. Mindy was trying so many new things already, so why not one more by going out without a bra?
"Okay." Mindy said as she folded the bra in her hands.
"Perfect." Selene smiled.
"Now, what are you doing for hair and makeup?" Kat asked as her phone went off.
Selene and Mindy turned to that while Kat checked her phone. She had an email notification that made her smile, and she opened it as Mindy sat at her desk, and Selene started brushing her hair. The two of them chatted about something Kat didn't listen to while she read over what Arthur had sent her. The first of hopefully many lesson plans.
"From: Arthur
To: Katerine
Subject: Lesson 001 Showing You the Ropes
Kat,
I've taken the liberty of gathering a few resources you might want to read up on ahead of time (attached is a sheet of links). Totally optional, but hopefully, they'll put you at ease about being tied up and give you an idea of what to expect.
Now, for the schedule of the session, I've decided we should follow this agenda:
The Collaring
Equipment Inspection
Review of Previous Material
Punishments
Playtime
Aftercare
The Uncollaring
The Collaring - The submissive will present herself and receive her collar. She will undress to the specified costume (see below). She will kneel at her Dominant's feet and put on her collar if she wishes to submit herself. She will then recite her pledge of submission, and the session will officially begin with all its rules adhered to by both the submissive and her Dom.
Costume - A pair of panties or bikini bottoms may be worn if the submissive desires. Nipple clamps are also permissible but should be added after the ties are complete. Otherwise, she should be totally nude (preferred).
Collar - Pink, leather, o ring, steel buckle. Kat's personal collar will be hung by the door before play. The Dom will take it from the wall and place it around her throat when she kneels in the Nadu position and accepts it.
Submissive's Pledge:
I am your submissive. You are my Sir.
I will put Sir's will before my own and obey him in all things.
I am your submissive. You are my Sir.
I will openly and honestly communicate with my Sir.
I am your submissive. You are my Sir.
I will do my best to please my Dom as his submissive.
I am your submissive. You are my Sir.
I will try new things and trust my Dom to respect my limits.
I am your submissive. You are my Sir.
I will learn, grow, and follow where my Sir leads me.
I am your submissive. You are my Sir.
Take me at your pleasure, Sir.
Equipment Inspection - The submissive and the Master will review and inspect any equipment used in the session. The submissive may veto any objectionable equipment at this time, and the Master may alter the equipment list depending on the soundness and integrity of any equipment under inspection.
Nipple clamps
Rabbit vibrator
Remote vibrator
Ring gag
Ball gag
Cotton Rope, various lengths
Paddle
Riding Crop
Other equipment may be introduced during play at the Master's discretion. If the submissive objects to any new equipment not on this list, she may do so by exercising her moderate safety word: "Yellow Light."
Review of Previous Material - The Master will quiz the submissive on previous material learned, including safewords, positions, and any material that her Master might consider relevant or necessary. Rewards or punishments shall be merited by correct or incorrect answers.
Punishments - A recitation of previous punishment-earning offenses (if any) and a punishment of the Master's choosing to deliver proportionate to the offense(s).
Punishments for this session are to be doled out by paddle, riding crop, or hand strikes to the breasts or ass at Sir's discretion.
Playtime - The core element of the lesson. In this lesson, the Dominant will review several essential ties with the submissive by applying them to her and binding her in different positions with rope. He will stimulate her sexually and/or allow her to stimulate him sexually, depending on the tie. The Dominant may photograph the submissive in her ties to document the lesson. The Dominant will follow all recommended safety procedures and see to the submissive's safety above all else. The submissive will serve her Dominant and make every effort to please him.
Ties:
Bracelet Tie
Anklet Tie
Hog Tie
Basic Chair Tie
Reverse Chair Tie
Wall Spread Eagle Tie
Bed Spread Eagle Tie
Arm-Bind Tie
Frog Tie
Wing Tie
The order may change, and specific ties may be skipped or added if time allows. Use the links in the attachment to research the ties if you want to learn the positions, knots, and the rest ahead of time.
Aftercare - The Dominant and the submissive will relax and unwind from the session. Any rope marks or burns will be treated, and the two shall relax until it is time for the submissive to return home, uncollar, or sleep.
The Dom will help the submissive to relax, massage her, and let her rest.
The Uncollaring - The submissive will kneel, thank her Dominant, remove her collar, ending the session, and get dressed. She is then free to stay, or depart, as the session is officially over.
Let me know if you have any questions or objections or need clarification.
Your Sir,
Arthur"
Arthur smirked as the response from Kat came through a little more quickly than he expected.
Kat's email read: "Looks good. A little weirdly formal, but I didn't see anything I objected to. I'll read over the links if I can before the lesson. Now go get ready for your date, Sir! Wear something nice!"
Arthur smirked as he leaned back in his desk chair. She had a point. He wanted to freshen up before his date with Mindy, but looking at his computer clock, he knew he had plenty of time. He'd been ignoring the growing number of notifications on his phone for most of the weekend when it came to his email inbox, and now it was time.
They were always junk emails, except for a few of the ones he had forwarded from his school account or his personal emails with absolutely nobody. Texts, Messenger, Tweets, and Snaps were all anyone used to communicate anymore. Emails were mostly spam now, like regular mail, but quicker. The emails between his lab partners, classmates, and now Kat were the only exceptions to the rule.
Since this was a universally acknowledged rule, he was surprised to see he had a message from someone he didn't recognize that didn't seem to be spam at all.
Subject: I'm Sorry
"Arthur,
Your mom sent me your email info, and I know that you don't want to talk to me, ever, but I have to talk to you. I know how I treated you in high school was not fair or kind. I know that it was wrong and that you never did or said, or probably even thought, half the things the girls and I used to accuse you of. I've thought of hundreds of excuses, rationalizations, and justifications for my words and actions over the years, but the truth is: I was a bitch. I was a straight-up bitch, and I'm sorry.
I know that probably doesn't mean much to you after all this time. We both went off to college, and you've hopefully moved on with your life. You're not the gross little hanger-on that you used to be, and I'm not that over-achieving popular girl anymore. My experiences in the colleges I've gone to since we graduated high school have been intense and life-changing. I've grown as a person, I hope. And I want you to know that I forgive you for all the clingy stalkerish things you used to do in high school. I know you weren't trying to be a creep. You were just trying to be a friend, the way we were when we were kids, even if we'd both grown up.
Hopefully, we've grown up a lot since childhood and high school. Again, I'm sorry for everything, and I forgive you for everything. I hope you can forgive me.
I'll actually be attending your school in the spring semester and hopefully spend my super-senior year there next year. It's a long story, but I've managed to squeeze four years of college into five. Lol. I know you're looking at Grad school there, according to your mom, so I expect we'll see a lot of each other. Especially if what your mom is offering comes to be, with me renting a room at their place. I hope it won't be awkward for either of us, especially since she said you might be living there too.
I know we can never go back to the way things were and be friends like we used to be. But I know people grow, and I hope you and I can grow to be friends again, even if just a little. I miss my knight in shining armor, and I look back on those memories of you and I playing around as kids as some of the best in what I realize now was an otherwise extremely lonely childhood.
You don't have to email back if you don't want to. I get it. You don't even have to accept any of my apologies. If you want to avoid each other even as we awkwardly cohabitate for the next year or so, I'll even do my best to oblige. But I hope you've grown up as much as I have these last few years, if not more than I have, and can find it in you to reconcile.
Sincerely,
Lynn"
Arthur stared at the screen for several minutes after he'd finished reading. Reading it had taken him through a million different emotional knee-jerk reactions. It fractured him like a mirror, with different shards of responses tearing through his mind simultaneously. He could write back, or he could ignore her. He could tell her to fuck off with her half-hearted apologies, eat shit, and die, preferably painfully. He could tell her that he respected her for not trying to excuse every needle she'd stabbed him with over the years but that he did not feel the need to engage with her or accept any apologies, as she deserved no forgiveness.
That much was true. Lynn didn't deserve any kind of peace of mind, happiness, or anything like that. She'd had all that in high school when she was making fun of him with any number of the jocks she fucked or bitches she befriended. Lynn Barrera was his bully, who tormented him every day for four years of high school without remorse or regret.
Even now, she only apologized because she needed a place to live. There was far too much forgiveness and far too little apology for someone who ruined every day of high school for him. And what had happened to her that she couldn't finish a bachelor's degree in four years like everybody else? Did she flunk out of a school or two? Did he want to know or even care? He should just write back and tell her to fuck off, but even that was too light on enmity for his taste.
He sighed. He'd fucked two sisters multiple times today. He'd won an argument with his father, which was the rarer occurrence between the two. His new normal was every man's dream. He had a date with a hot freshman from his office in about an hour. He did not need to spend another thought or moment on Lynn Barrera.
He took a deep breath, closed the email, closed his eyes, and breathed. He thought of Selene. He thought of her smile, the way her hair rolled over her shoulders and flowed down her back to the top of her pert round ass. He thought of the way the droplets of water cascaded over her nipples. The way she wrinkled her nose at him sometimes and the way she giggled. She and Kat shared that giggle as they shared many things.
He thought of Kat's tight blonde curls bouncing as he hammered into her. He thought of her hard bright eyes challenging him with a look. He recalled her pale rump straining against her pink underwear and the smell of his soap against her skin as he moved his hands over her naked body.
He thought of Kelly and her freckled face smiling at him, framed by her red hair falling over her shoulders and tangling with her green lingerie.
He thought of his lunch with Mindy and how happy she'd been when he said yes to going on their date today. Her white smile against tanned skin, framed by wave after wave of black as night hair.
His phone dinged in a notification. He smiled, opened his eyes, and he checked his messages.
Slut: Good luck on your date, Master! If you need any tips, just let me know, and if you need me after, just say the word!
Selene then sent a selfie of herself and Kat, giving him thumbs-up and smiling. It was the first selfie he'd gotten of her in a few days where she had clothes on. It was funny how much things had changed between them in less than a week. He didn't recognize the background, but it wasn't in focus either.
Arthur smiled and messaged her back.
Master: Thanks, slut. Have fun studying!
Selene sent back a rolled-eyes emoji. Arthur laughed and was about to pocket his phone when it dinged again. This time, it wasn't Selene but Kat.
Katerine: I know I said it in the email, but have fun on your date with Mindy!
Katerine: Don't be shy, be assertive. Take the lead!
Arthur: Lol. Okay. I'll remember that for our session too.
Katerine: Good! Also, can I change the nicknames in this chat?
Arthur: Sure.
Kat changed her name in the chat to Brat and Arthur's name to Sir.
Brat: Is this okay?
Arthur sent the thumbs-up emoji and then moved to put his phone away. It was almost in his pocket when he got another alert. He laughed and pulled it back out. This time, it was a message from Mindy.
Mindy: Four o'clock, right? At the dorm?
Arthur: Yup! See you soon!
Mindy: And the plan is still bowling?
Arthur: If that's okay with you.
Mindy: It is! I've never been. I'm looking forward to it. :D
Arthur: Me too. :D See you soon.
Arthur pocketed his phone and turned off his computer. He needed to clean himself up, fix his hair, make sure his face had no blemishes or anything on it, and change his clothes. He got up from his computer chair and headed toward the study door. Just as he crossed it, he got a message from Kelly.
Kelly: French maid.
Arthur: German butler?
Kelly: lol. No. That's what I want to play Friday. French Maid. So, don't clean your apartment.
Arthur: Lol. Okay. Dinner, and french maid. I'll let you do the dishes this time, and I'll be sure to throw down some extra dust.
Kelly: Perfect. :D Can't wait to show you this outfit.
Arthur: You could always send me a pic?
Kelly: No. I want to see your face when you see it. That's half the fun. Be patient. You'll see it Friday.
Arthur: But that's so far away!
Kelly: Well I'm not wearing it to the gym!
Arthur: Now, there's an idea. I'm sure they need someone to come in and clean the machines.
Kelly: Behave, Mister.
Arthur: I will not.
Kelly sent him a winking emoji, and he returned it with a halo emoji, which she responded to by sending a laughing emoji.
Kelly: Friday. See you then.
She then sent a kissy face.
Arthur returned a face with several kisses on it and a response.
Arthur: Can't wait.
Arthur smirked and shook his head. The idea of Kelly in a French maid costume with her perfectly toned body, full bell-shaped d-cup breasts, long legs, flat stomach, curvy hips...
Arthur: You going to the gym tomorrow?
Kelly: Yeah, in the morning if I get up in time. You?
Arthur: That's my plan. See you then?
Kelly: It's a weight date.
Arthur laughed.
Kelly: Please forget I said that. Like immediately.
Arthur: Said what?
Kelly: Thank you.
Kelly: See you tomorrow.
Arthur laughed and pocketed his phone. He couldn't remember what he was supposed to be doing. Then he felt a flare of guilt when he remembered he was supposed to be getting ready for his date with another woman. It was Kelly's idea to keep things casual and non-exclusive, and he, Selene, Kat, and Mindy had their arrangement, but this was his first time navigating his heart through so many different simultaneous interests.
He took a deep breath and looked around for a moment. Mindy. Right. He had a date with Mindy.
The flare of guilt persisted. Arthur felt guilty for messaging Kelly like that in between messaging Mindy and the others. Kelly was okay with seeing other people, and Mindy, Kat, and Selene had agreed to share him, but did that make it right to text Kelly when he was trying to get ready for his date with another girl?
There was no reason to be ashamed of sex; Arthur knew that. There was no reason to be ashamed of pleasure. He knew that too. Yet the society he grew up in didn't always make practicing that philosophy straightforward.
It would be easier once he'd had a chance to sit down and tell Kelly about the others. Once they'd talked, he told her the names of the other girls he was seeing and explained the situation to her and how Selene and Kat had presented it to Mindy. He'd told it to Mindy too, though not as clearly or nearly half as well before Selene and Kat talked with her.
He wondered what they talked about in that chat of theirs. Was it vanity to think they spoke of him? He was sure they had other interests in common. Selene was a nerd. Was Mindy? He honestly didn't know much about her other than what they talked about at the office. The occasional episode of something here or there as it became relevant to what they were doing. The occasional discussion of families, like how she worked for her dad's restaurant part-time, which had been new information the other night. Otherwise, he didn't know very much about her.
He'd even thought she was an art history major, though, to be fair, she initially was. Now she was a business major. Though technically, she didn't have to declare a major for a while. Most of her first-year classes were going to be general education classes anyway. Unless she tried to fast-track her education by taking some of her electives early. Her advisor probably didn't set her up for that in her first semester.
Arthur sighed. She was a first-semester freshman, and he was a first-semester senior. He felt like an ass for agreeing to go out with her. Yes, she was eighteen, perfectly legal, but the age difference was still a little uncomfortable. A lot of change could occur between college freshmen and seniors in those four years. Like that email from Lynn said.
Arthur groaned. He'd been so good about not thinking about Lynn and ruined it. How could he be a Dom and a Master to these women if he couldn't even master his own thoughts?
He stood in front of his bathroom mirror and looked at his reflection. He looked tired. His sleep schedule had been all over the place recently, and he'd been doing a lot of cardio. Before he picked up Mindy, he could get some coffee at the local shop or the campus cafe. There wasn't time for a nap. He felt like he could sleep for a week.
He turned on the water, nice and cold, and washed his face. He wet his comb and fixed his hair. Rechecking his reflection in the mirror, he smiled. He flossed, brushed his teeth, and rinsed his mouth with mouthwash.
The entire time, he felt the first-date nerves he hadn't felt since his first date with Kelly. Asking her out for dinner and coffee felt like it was forever ago compared to their second date at her place. His date suggestion had been something traditional, a little formal, which spoke of his intentions. Hers had been modern and very casual, which spoke of her intentions. Yet, she was the one with the fetish for life from a 1950s sitcom. So what did she really want out of dating him? And would he ever be able to give it to her if he had a harem?
All of which was a separate question from what to do with the house. Would Kelly want to move in? Would she laugh at him and think he was far too forward? He guessed he would find out when he mentioned it to her tomorrow at the gym. He could offer her cheaper rent. He didn't know what her rent was, but if the rent for a room in his parents' house was less than his rent and Selene and Kat's, then he figured it would be less than Kelly and Katelyn's.
Katelyn was, of course, the pebble in the shoe, so to speak, if she came along. Even if Kelly was cool with the harem arrangement, a big if, Katelyn wasn't in on it. It meant they couldn't treat the house like their private harem. They'd have to keep their activities in their room, which made a certain sense, he supposed. Fantasies of naked parties in the pool and hot tub were all well and good, but there was a chance they would remain just that. At least if they had to share the house with others.
Still, plenty of fantasies could come true with Kat and Selene just down the hall. If Kelly were there too, even if they were keeping things light and casual, that might be wonderful. Then there was Mindy. She couldn't move in next month like Kat and Selene could, but next semester? There was a definite possibility she could move in next semester. If she wanted to.
For that to happen, tonight had to go well. Arthur had to decide that it was something he wanted. Mindy had to determine if it was something she wanted. Anything less, they would see each other in the office and remain coworkers. Friends, even, but nothing more.
Arthur changed into a pair of black slacks. Then he pulled on a tight blue polo shirt that showed off his biceps. He kept his shoes loose since he'd have to slip into bowling shoes anyway. Then he sat on his couch and wasted the remainder of his time reading memes and watching reels on his phone. He tried his best to keep his mind off absolutely everything and failed. So he started reviewing the naked selfies and videos Selene had sent him over the last few days. It was arousing, sure, but also soothing to see her smiling up at the camera from the floor, always happy to display herself for him.
When his alert went off to drive to campus, he checked himself in the mirror one more time, checked his fly, headed down the stairs, and into his car. He kept his eyes up for any sign of Selene or Kat since their apartment was just across the parking lot, but he didn't see either of them.
It was amazing how much of a better mood he was in when he got into his car. It was almost as if the email from Lynn hadn't happened. He only thought of Kelly, Mindy, Kat, and Selene. His beautiful little sex slave had a way of driving all the negative thoughts from his head and making him think of only the positive, sexy things in life. He loved her for that if nothing else.
The drive over to campus went quickly, and he got there a little early. He had to smile when he spotted Mindy sitting on the steps of her dorm building, waiting for him. She popped up from the steps when she saw him driving up and hopped down to meet him before he could even put the car in park.
Ji-Min, aka Mindy, had clearly been looking forward to the date. She was in a cute, short, white halter dress with a red open-cropped sweater that was only half a back and some sleeves tied in the front by three bows. Her dark straight black hair was tied off in pigtails high on either side of her head. They bounced as she walked over to him. The dress was arousingly short, coming down to the middle of her thighs, with a flared skirt. The white stockings she wore beneath it were thigh highs, the lacy tops almost displayed when she bounced along the path to the car. The most eye-catching accessory was the red velvet choker she wore, fastened with a black string that looped and tied into a bow on the front of her throat.
Arthur parked the car and opened his door to get out, as Mindy opened the passenger door to get in. She laughed when she looked in to see him getting out, and then she backed out just as he sat back in. They laughed again.
"Sorry!" She apologized. "I thought we were going bowling!"
"We are." Arthur laughed. "I was going to open the door for you."
"Aw." Mindy's smile could have illuminated the sky. "That's so stupid." She laughed. "I'll get the door."
Arthur laughed and shook his head. Half-laughing at the absurdity and half at himself. "Okay." He said as he closed his door again.
Mindy slid into the car and adjusted her skirt as she sat down. It rode up slightly, just enough to give Arthur a view of the tops of her thigh-highs and a thin strip that showed him she was holding them up with a garter belt. Her heels were half-sensible, a pair of black strappy pumps that wrapped her ankles with a string tied off in pretty bows at the top.
"You look adorable." Arthur said as she got settled and fastened the seatbelt.
Mindy frowned at the compliment, but when his eyes didn't notice because of how her skirt rode up when she crossed her legs, her frown vanished.
"Thanks!" Mindy flashed him a smile. "I wanted something you wouldn't have seen in the office already and wanted to feel kinda sexy. The harem helped me pick out most of it."
Arthur coughed. "The..."
Mindy looked surprised. "They said they told you!"
Arthur nodded and coughed. This was just the first time he heard anyone else reference it so casually.
It was official: Arthur had a harem.
"They did." He nodded. "I was just surprised." He admitted. "I'm still not used to talking so openly about it with you, I guess, and I didn't realize they were helping you pick out the outfit."
Mindy nodded. "We were messaging. I wanted to pick something you would really like. I know you said you like feminine, but let me tell you - that was not particularly helpful in narrowing it down. At all." Mindy gestured with her hands while she talked, but her smile showed that she wasn't angry or upset. She looked happy and maybe a bit nervous. So was Arthur.
"Sorry." Arthur laughed as he started the car up and checked his mirrors. "I'll try to be more specific about what kind of stuff I like."
Mindy smiled. "That would be very helpful. Thank you."
Arthur pulled away from the curb and started driving.
"So, about your meeting last night with Selene and Kat?" Arthur asked conversationally.
"Yeah! They ordered food from your apartment last night, but you weren't there. Where were you anyway?" Mindy asked.
"I was supposed to have dinner with my parents." Arthur admitted.
"Supposed to?" Mindy asked, her curiosity evidently piqued. She could sense there was a story behind his word choice.
"Well, the dinner part didn't actually happen. I got there, and my mom had set up this dinner with her friends and their kid, who was kind of my high school bully." Arthur admitted.
Mindy looked at him for a moment. "You had a high school bully?"
He looked over at her and shrugged. "Yeah."
"You have Captain America muscles." Mindy poked his bicep and then grasped it to prove she couldn't get her whole hand around his arm. "Who bullied you? Red Skull?"
Arthur laughed. "A girl named Lynn."
"Your high school bully was a girl?" Mindy sounded shocked.
Arthur nodded, but his smile was starting to shrink. "Yeah." He admitted. "She didn't beat me up, but the teasing was relentless and cruel. She made high school a living hell for me."
Mindy looked at him for a second and squeezed his arm again as though she were giving him a hug. "So you didn't have dinner?"
"No. I went for a drive instead, and I... ended up dancing for a bachelorette party." Arthur laughed.
"You what?" Mindy asked.
"I ended up dancing for a bachelorette party." Arthur shrugged. "It seemed like it would make for a cool story at the time."
Mindy laughed. "Okay. Okay. So, tell me the story."
Arthur nodded. "Okay. So, I'm driving around. I'm wearing a small pair of swimming trunks because my parents had a jacuzzi, and it was supposed to be a cookout. I left without changing first. So I'm sitting there, probably looking like I'm naked in my car, in this bar parking lot. When this woman comes up and asks me if I'm booked. She literally threw cash at me, and I decided - fuck it. I'm gonna get a story out of it, and I might even have some fun. I know how to dance. A little. The only problem is, I don't have any costumes. So I zip down to the Spirit of Halloween and grab a bunch of stereotypical male stripper costumes. Policeman, fireman, that kind of thing. So I bought these costumes with the lady's cash and went to the bar. They let me change in one of the bathrooms, and I started dancing."
Mindy was already laughing.
"The only problem is - I don't know any stripper routines. Obviously. The only dances I really know are musical numbers."
Mindy snorted. "Like, from broadway?"
"Not even from Broadway." Arthur laughed. "Movies. Community theater. School theater. That's the sum total of my dance knowledge."
Mindy slapped his arm as she laughed.
"So yeah. I get up there, in a suit for my first 'costume,' and I start dancing and singing to Singing in the Rain. Which I turn into a strip show until I'm down to a thong, and those ladies made it rain." Arthur laughed, and Mindy shook her head.
"You're so bad." Mindy said. "I would never have the courage to do that." A glance at her, however, showed Arthur that she was blushing. The skin on her face darkened ever so slightly at the idea.
"No?" Arthur asked.
Mindy shook her head.
"Well, you'd probably be a better dancer than me." Arthur laughed. "Were you ever into the arts?"
"Not those arts, but drawing and painting." Mindy answered. "I wanted to study art here, even signed up to be an art history major when I started, but my dad flipped out. So I changed my major to business almost immediately."
"I thought I remembered something about you being an art history major." Arthur said. "Your dad freaked out?"
"He didn't want to spend the money to send me to college just so I get a 'waste of paper.' His words. As translated from Korean by me." Mindy sighed. "He's right, but still."
"You can still study art through electives, things like that. If you want, right?" Arthur asked.
"Yeah." Mindy shrugged. "At least a little."
Arthur frowned. "I'm sorry." He said. "For what it's worth, business is a very versatile major. You can always make enough money to return and take whatever classes you want."
Mindy smirked. "Yeah. If I could pay my own way, my dad couldn't tell me what classes to take."
Arthur nodded. He felt the age difference in that statement. Mindy was eighteen, almost nineteen, but she was a Freshman, and this was her first semester of college. He was twenty-two and a senior in a five-year MBA program. Older, wiser, and in a very different place in life. He was also much more independent in his choices. Though, that independence might have been a privilege from his gender or a cultural difference between their families.
"But it's okay. I'll study business for now." Mindy shrugged it off. "Who knows what the future holds."
"Do you do a lot of painting, drawing, that kind of thing as a hobby?" Arthur asked, turning the subject back to one that made Mindy brighten.
"Ever since I was a kid. I do a lot of fan art. That kind of thing." Mindy said just as they pulled into the parking lot for the bowling lanes. There were plenty of cars in the parking lot, but it didn't look overfull.
"What kind of fan art?" Arthur asked. "Any characters I'd know?"
"Are you into Korean soaps?" Mindy asked hopefully as Arthur parked the car.
"Mmm..." Arthur seemed to have to think about it. "Not as much as I used to be. They've really gone downhill recently."
Mindy laughed. It was apparent to both that despite his love for theater, he'd never been exposed to Korean soap operas.
"Any Manhwa Manga?" Mindy asked.
"Manga, yes, some." Arthur asked as he turned off the car.
"Korean manga." Mindy explained. She unbuckled her seat belt when Arthur did and started to get out of the car.
"I'm afraid not." Arthur shook his head. "Or, at least, not anything that advertised itself that way."
"Anime?" Mindy asked.
"Some!" Arthur answered. "I really liked Cowboy Bebop. And uh... Fullmetal Alchemist."
"Brotherhood or Original series?" Mindy asked as she closed the car door. She looped her left arm through his right and walked closed beside Arthur through the parking lot to the doors of the bowling alley.
"I've seen both, but I prefer Brotherhood." Arthur answered.
"Me too." Mindy nodded. "Have you seen Death Note?"
"Afraid not." Arthur shook his head.
"Avatar? Airbender or Korra, I'll accept either." Mindy teased him.
"Both!" Arthur answered enthusiastically. "A friend of mine made me watch both of them." He confessed.
"Selene?" Mindy asked with a knowing smile.
"Got it in one." He chuckled. "Did she tell you about that?" He asked.
"No, but we talked about the shows a lot, actually. It came up when we were chatting yesterday." Mindy shrugged. "She and Kat are really nice. I love them. I'm glad I get to be one of your girlfriends."
Arthur laughed. "Well, let's see how the date goes. You might not want to be my girlfriend by the end of it."
"Okay." Mindy rolled her eyes.
They reached the doors, and Arthur pulled one open for her. She nodded to him as she passed, and he came in behind her. The zany mostly-blue carpet on the floor probably hadn't been replaced since it was installed in the 90s. The air smelled of wood, wax, stale food, and the faint smell of cigarettes that would never entirely leave the place despite it being a non-smoking building for at least a decade. There were people in the lanes, the rolling sound of balls on the lanes, and the occasional crash of pins. The voices of children, some teenagers, and a smattering of adults of various ages.
"Welcome to bowling." Arthur said with a small smile. He led the way to the counter where the registers were. There was no line. So he asked for a lane for the two of them, for two games, and a pair of shoes for himself and for Mindy. The inevitable comparison of foot size between the two seemed to tickle Mindy pink. It almost seemed as though she could fit her shoe inside of his. She put her bowling shoes next to his and took a picture.
"Okay to post?" Mindy asked.
"Sure." Arthur answered after glancing at it briefly as they made their way to their lane.
Their lane was the farthest to the left, with a gap of three lanes between them and the nearest other bowlers. They got there, and Arthur swapped shoes rather quickly. Mindy had to sit and take her time untying her heels. Arthur got them balls, a 14-pounder for Mindy and an 18-pounder for himself. Mindy hefted it, shook her head, and immediately traded it for a lighter ball.
"Can you show me how?" Mindy asked, looking up at Arthur.
He nodded as he finished programming the scorecard and stood up at the first row of dots with his bowling ball in his right hand.
"It's pretty easy once you get the hang of it." He assured her. "You step forward with your left, then your right, and then your left again so that your foot is behind this line-" He indicated the foul line with his toes. "You can use these dots to line yourself up correctly. As you step forward, you swing your arm back with the ball, and then swing it forward like this-" He demonstrated. "And let it go so that it rolls down the lane, and- well, the rest is physics."
Mindy nodded enthusiastically.
"Got it?" Arthur asked, just to be sure.
"Got it, Boss." Mindy smiled. "But you go ahead and show me for real. Just to be sure."
Arthur nodded, stepped up, and took his first turn. The ball rolled straight down the lane but spun a little toward the end, leaving three pins standing.
"My turn?" Mindy asked.
"Not yet." Arthur shook his head. It hadn't occurred to him that if she'd really never been bowling before, he would have to explain all the different rules of bowling, which, without the context of seeing them played in the game, was probably extraordinarily dull and a little confusing. Still, he powered through. He explained the rules, and she seemed to get it.
"You've really never been bowling before?" Arthur asked, just to make sure.
"Nope!" She shook her head. "I've lived a few minutes from here all my life but never made the trip. None of my friends were into it, I guess."
His second bowl of the frame knocked down the rest of the pins, giving him a spare. Mindy clapped.
"Okay." She said, standing up with her feet together and holding the ball in front of her. She looked over her shoulder at Arthur, who gave her a thumbs up for encouragement and nodded her on. She smiled, looked down the lane, stepped forward, wound back, lunged low like he had, swung forward, and released the ball.
It rolled straight into the gutter.
"Aw." She stamped her foot.
"Hm?" Arthur asked, looking up. He'd been distracted by how her skirt bounced when she bowled, flashing some skin and the straps of her garter belt just above her thigh-highs. "Oh." He said, realizing that her ball was rolling through the gutter and she was pouting at him. "That's okay. You get another try." He nodded. "Try starting off a little bit more to the left."
She followed his instructions. This time, it didn't go straight into the gutter, but it twisted pretty far at the end and only took out four pins. She hung her head in shame and shuffled back to her seat. Arthur patted her on the shoulder. "You'll warm up." He assured her.
No one was in the lane next to them, which was good since every two lanes were coupled by the seats surrounding them into miniature dens. Arthur was glad that he had the prime seats behind Mindy, and no one else was around to risk them seeing something that might have embarrassed her. It might have been his imagination, but he thought she was putting some extra, unnecessary bounce in her step to make her skirt rise more than usual.
"Your turn." Mindy shook her head.
Arthur patted her shoulder again and took his turn. Strike. "That was luck." He said honestly, nodding toward the lane.
"Isn't it still your turn?" Mindy asked.
"No. When you knock them all down, that's the frame. So it's your turn again." Arthur explained.
"Oh. Okay." Mindy nodded and stood up again, almost surprised to have to do it so soon.
The frames continued that way for most of their first game together. Mindy got the hang of it as they went on. By the ninth and tenth frames, she was knocking down most of the pins but still seemed unable to get the elusive strike or spare.
Arthur, by contrast, had a scorecard on the screens above them that was made up almost entirely of strikes and spares, and his final score was quite high. He encouraged her, though, every time she was up, and she seemed to be having fun. Arthur's final frame ended up with him getting a spare and then bowling an extra frame, which was a strike. He turned back to Mindy, who was sitting in the chairs and clapping for him.
"You're really good at this." Mindy said. "Or at least, way better than me, so I hope you're really good at this, or I suck worse than I think." She laughed.
"You don't suck." Arthur shook his head.
"I will if you want me to." Mindy said under her breath.
"What?" Arthur's head turned to look at her with lightning speed.
"Hm?" Mindy feigned innocence as if she hadn't said anything, and her fingers started idly playing with the string of her velvet choker.
"I thought you said something?" Arthur asked.
"Nope." Mindy said, then laughed, which gave away the game. "Just thinking out loud, I guess. Trying to come up with ways to throw you off your game."
"Ha." Arthur struck a heroic pose. "Good luck."
As if to prove her point, Mindy slid her legs apart, causing the skirt to ride up and show off the skin above her thigh-high stockings. She reached down and lifted the dress a little, flashing him what appeared to be a pair of red panties made of nothing but intricate lace. Arthur froze, looking around for a moment and then back at Mindy, who pushed her skirt back down with her hand and took on a devilish smile.
"I think I just thought of a new way to make this game more fun for me." Mindy said with a laugh.
"Are you not having fun?" Arthur asked.
"Oh, I am." Mindy assured him. "But I want to have a little more fun. With you. I..." She hesitated, then hooked her finger, beckoning him closer. He stepped toward her and lowered his ear to her lips so she could whisper into it. "I want to be a little naughty." She confessed quietly.
Arthur felt the blood rushing to his pants, and he took a deep breath. As far as distraction tactics went, that was a good one. "Naughty girls get punished." Arthur whispered back into her ear.
Mindy reached up to take hold of his forearm as she sat up a little to whisper back. "That's what I'm counting on, Boss."
Arthur gulped.
The second game was, consequently, more interesting. Every time Mindy went up to bowl, she adjusted her clothing. The first was when she watched Arthur bowl a strike to start the game and waited for him to turn around and see her in the seats before she flashed her panties. Arthur looked around, but no one else seemed to notice.
The second time, after his second frame, she sat with her legs crossed. She drew her finger up the side of her leg, pushing the skirt higher up her thighs and showing off the tan line over her hip, denying him a view of what he desperately wanted to see. She locked eyes with him as he looked at her, after watching his eyes roam up her legs and under her skirt.
The third was, in the pretense of fixing her shoe, she bent over at the waist and would have presented herself directly to Arthur's seated face had it not been for the pleats of her skirt blocking his view despite their sway.
The fourth was, after getting up to take her turn, she decided to take off her cropped sweater. She pulled the strings of the bows one by one. Arthur watched as they tugged free, then she shrugged her shoulders to get rid of the garment and rolled it down her arms behind her.
Arthur watched as she rolled the sweater off her shoulders and realized that the dress beneath it had less fabric on top than he thought. The top was little more than if it were the top of a set of overalls, pulled tightly against her by halter straps and barely covering her double-D breasts from the side. Arthur gulped when she turned to show off quite a bit of side boob and showed off the fact that it was a backless dress. Two deep dimples were at the base of her spine, but no bra strap crossed her shoulder blades.
Then she made a point of turning, standing in profile, and showing off her curves. Arthur was always surprised by the size of her breasts when he saw them without being hidden by the baggy t-shirts she wore for delivery or the blazers she wore over her blouses sometimes at work. The dress seemed explicitly chosen to show off.
She smirked at him and took her turn. He couldn't take his eyes off her. He didn't even see how many pins she knocked down. It was fortunate for him that the computer kept score.
"Do you like my dress?" Mindy asked as she waited for the ball to return. She twirled one of her pigtails at her shoulder and smiled at him.
"I love it." Arthur nodded. "You look amazing."
"Thanks, Boss." Mindy gave him a wink as she spun around to bowl the second half of her frame.
Arthur smirked and shook his head as he watched her again, blissfully unaware of the rest of the world. "You really like calling me Boss, huh?"
"It's cute." Mindy defended as she returned from the lane. "I like giving people nicknames, and yours is Boss."
"So, what do you call Beth?" Arthur asked as he stepped up to take his turn. "After all, she's our boss. I'm technically just your coworker."
"But you check all my work, you help me out if I have any questions, you do all the work Beth should do as the manager, you just don't have the title. And you've been there longer than anyone else, including Beth. You know everything about that place. It's your office. We just work there." Mindy smirked.
Arthur chuckled. He took his swing and bowled a strike, only to turn around and see Mindy with one hand grasping at the side of her neckline. She quickly pulled it to the center once his eyes moved to her hand and flashed her nipple at him. It was only a lightning flash of a moment. If he blinked, he would have missed it. Yet he could see and remember a small dark circle of flesh amid the sea of her tanned skin with golden undertones. Arthur physically stopped moving in surprise.
Mindy giggled. "I should have done that before you bowled." She realized. "Would have thrown you off your game."
Arthur shook himself out of his stupor and let her trade places with him. He swatted her behind as she stepped past him, and she spun so fast that her skirt nearly flew up. He thought she would yell at him for a moment, but she didn't. She stared at him.
"So that's what it took to get you to take some initiative?" Mindy asked.
Arthur laughed. "What are you talking about?"
"You." Mindy said. They turned toward one another, and Mindy moved closer to him. She had to tilt her head back so she could look up into his eyes as he looked down at her. "I had to ask you out, and I had to start the flirting today. You're letting me lead."
"I thought-" Arthur started to defend himself. "I didn't want to assume-"
"It's sweet. Sometimes. But... There's a reason I like calling you Boss." Mindy explained. "I've been fantasizing about us, you, for weeks now. And none of those fantasies have me leading you. And I know you have it in you. The girls said you-" Mindy paused.
Silence passed between them as the lanes around them thundered with the noise of the sport.
"What did they say?" Arthur asked, looking down at her.
"They said if I told you what my fantasies were, you would help them come true." Mindy answered carefully.
"I suppose that depends on the fantasy." Arthur admitted. "But, if I can, I'd like to."
"Then don't be afraid to live up to your name. Alright, Boss?" Mindy raised an eyebrow at him and stepped back, crossing her arms over her chest.
Arthur nodded. "Alright. You're saying you want me to take the lead, then? Set the pace for the flirting, that kind of thing?"
Mindy nodded.
"And what will you do if I push things too far?" Arthur asked. "How do I know where the boundaries are?"
"There are no boundaries." Mindy answered.
"You say that, but-"
"I know what I'm saying. No boundaries." Mindy repeated. "And if I need to, I'll stop you."
"How?" Arthur asked. "What's your safeword?"
Mindy seemed surprised by the question and had to think about it for a moment. "Should we just use red light like the rest of the harem?"
"We can if you want to." Arthur laughed. "Or we can use a word you'll remember because you came up with it. It's totally up to you."
"We both have to remember it, though, right?" Mindy asked.
"Well, yes. But I will remember it. I promise."
Mindy thought about it. "Bratwurst."
Arthur laughed. "Okay. I'll stop if you say Bratwurst. You sure about the no boundaries thing?"
"I trust you." Mindy smirked.
"Should you?" Arthur asked. Then he stepped closer to her and brought his lips to her ear for a whisper. "If I wanted to, I could rip that dress off you right now, bend you over these seats, and do all kinds of things to you."
Mindy looked shocked for a moment, but then she closed her mouth, leaned forward, and brought her lips to his ear as he bent down to hear her. "Don't you want to?"
Arthur smiled at her as he stood back up and gave her a wink. "I want to finish this game first."
Mindy slapped his arm but spun and stepped toward the return to pick up her ball. She bent over farther than she had to in lining up her shot while Arthur sat down and watched. Then she strode forward and bowled, knocking down most of her pins.
"You seem pretty confident about all this." Arthur commented.
"Bowling?" Mindy asked.
"No, the rest of it. The safe word stuff." Arthur commented.
"Ah, well, like I said... my ex and I... He was really into it." Mindy blushed as she stood there and waited for her ball to return.
"Just him?" Arthur asked.
"I was into it too." Mindy admitted quietly. "Really into it." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "Really, really, into it. You have no idea how hard my imagination kicked into overdrive when I saw you were into it too."
Arthur smirked. His imagination was kicking into overdrive now, so he had a good idea. He watched as Mindy bowled her the rest of the frame and then passed her to bowl his.
"So you have a bit of experience with it, then?" Arthur asked as Mindy sat.
"Just some, I guess, but enough, I hope." Mindy suggestively tugged at the side of her halter top again, and Arthur unconsciously bit his lip.
He bowled but, despite his distracting imagination, knocked down all the pins. Mindy pouted at him as she traded places with him again and bowled her next frame without comment.
"So." Mindy started as she stepped away to wait for her ball to come back. "What should we do after bowling? Do you have any ideas?"
Arthur chuckled. He rocked his head back and forth as though thinking and stroked his chin. "How hungry are you?"
Mindy raised an eyebrow at him. "Not very. It's pretty early."
Arthur looked around to ensure no one was watching them or eavesdropping. "Well, what fantasies did you have that you wanted me to make real?" He asked.
"Didn't the girls tell you?" Mindy asked.
Arthur shrugged. "Kat mentioned something about messing around in the office?"
Mindy nodded. She bowled the second half of her frame, letting Arthur step up to bowl as she stepped down.
"I... might be able to make that happen." Arthur said quietly. "I wouldn't want either of us to get fired over it."
"Me neither." Mindy nodded as she took her seat and drew her hand up the top of her thigh to reveal a band of skin just beyond her thigh-high stockings and the garter straps.
Arthur turned away after a moment of smirking at her and bowled. This time, his ball spun and only struck a few pins on the end.
Mindy giggled.
"What about you? Beyond the bondage stuff, what are some of your fantasies?" Mindy asked. "What kind of things are you into?"
"I'm into a lot of different things." Arthur answered with a shrug.
"Come on!" Mindy protested. "You promised to try and be more specific about what you like." She pouted at him and looked up at him with puppy-dog eyes.
He laughed. "Fair enough." He nodded as his ball returned, and he picked it up. "I've uh..." He hesitated and then leaned in a little as if confessing a secret. "I've always wanted to do it in a movie theater."
"Really?" Mindy asked. "That's it?"
"I mean, that's not my only fantasy." Arthur laughed. "It's just one I've always wanted to do."
"You've never gotten up to anything in a movie theater?" Mindy asked to verify.
Arthur shook his head. "No, I had a recent experience that was kind of a Netflix and Chill kind of moment, but it wasn't the same. And my ex-girlfriend was plenty kinky, but she didn't go in for any mischief in public areas like this."
"I get turned on by it." Mindy smirked. "It's a bit of a thrill to get away with teasing you like this." She drew her hand up the inside of her thigh to punctuate her point and showed off the front of her red lace panties to him for a brief moment before she pushed her skirt back down and straightened it.
Arthur glanced around, but no one was watching them, and where she was sitting, she was hidden from most of them anyway. He was the only one with the vantage point to see what she was teasing him with, and he had to smile at her. He shook his head, turned, and bowled his frame. He hit the spare, which made Mindy pout when he turned back to her.
She stood with her hands on her thighs and brushed against him as they swapped places.
"Have you ever thought about doing it anywhere else?" Mindy asked.
"A few places, I suppose." Arthur smirked. "Like the office."
"Oh yeah?" Mindy asked, sticking her butt toward him as she lined up her shot. "Anyone in particular?"
Arthur felt a little guilty for not having sexually fantasized about Mindy before, at least not in any graphic detail. Selene had been the last one he'd pictured tied up under his desk, forced to suck him off as he worked. Though, now that he knew about Mindy's desire to get it on in the office, Arthur felt he would definitely be thinking about her while he was there from now on.
"Not really." Arthur confessed. "I didn't know you were interested until you asked me out."
Mindy bowled and then stood straight to get back to Arthur. "And now?" She asked.
"Now I can't get the image of you bent over my desk or stashed under it out of my head." Arthur confessed.
Mindy smiled. That, it seemed, was the correct answer. "I like the idea of hiding under your desk, sucking you off while the others work, Beth wondering where I am."
Arthur smirked. "That'd be quite risky."
Mindy bit her lip. "I like a bit of risk." She said and pulled the hem of her skirt up her thigh with one hand as if to prove her point before letting it drop when she sat down. "The idea of getting caught makes me hot."
Arthur smirked a little. "Want to go see a movie after this?"
"Sure." Mindy answered immediately. "I don't even care which one."
Arthur had a hard time, literally, bowling his next frame, but he managed it without appearing indecent.
Mindy was smiling by the end of their second game. Her point total was higher than the first, and Arthur's was lower, which she took full credit for. He still won, but by a much smaller margin. Arthur returned the balls and shoes as Mindy put her heels back on. When he returned to the lane, she was ready to go, with her sweater and high heels back on, bringing the top of her head level to his shoulders.
"Shall we?" Arthur offered her his arm, and she looped hers through it, holding on to his bicep with her other hand.
Together they made their way out of the bowling alley and back to his car. They both looked forward to the movie that neither planned to watch.