My husband's birthday was today. The only problem was, I was three thousand miles away at a Real Estate conference! Solution -- use my imagination to make his birthday one of the most memorable ever!
This is the true story of what I did.....
I had to position the laptop just right, as the tiny built-in web cam needed to catch all the action. I plugged in an external set of speakers so I could hear everything Steve said, and I also plugged in an external mic, as I wanted him to hear everything that was happening here in my hotel room in L.A.
Back in Melbourne, Steve was probably still in bed as I sent him a text, telling him I loved him, and that, as it was his birthday and I was overseas, he was to check his email and follow my instructions to the letter.
In L.A. I checked the room once more, then, satisfied everything was in place, I headed off to the beauty salon to be pampered. I had booked the works. Spray tan, hair, make-up, nails. Earlier that week I had waxed and my pussy was completely bald apart from the tiny tuft I like to keep just above my clit. Call me crazy, but I honestly think a tiny bit of hair down there is sexier than nothing at all. I guess it has something to do with my need to tease. I can't help it!
As Steve checked his email, he found my message. The subject was 'Happy Birthday Lover!'
It read: Hi babe -- I'm sorry to be missing your birthday. You know I love to usually wake you up by sucking that wonderful cock of yours. Well, to make it up to you, I have prepared a surprise. At 4.00pm your time, I need you to be in your study, naked, with your computer on. You don't need to know anymore than that. I love you. -Dee
Back in L.A. I left the salon and caught a cab. I stopped off at the supermarket and the adult store. Batteries, lubricant and a wonderful buzzing clit vibrator later, I was ready to implement my plan.
I made myself a gin squash in my room, and, keen to relax a while, I ran a long bath and enjoyed an hour or so laying in the water sipping my drink, going over the plans of the evening in my head. Each time I thought of what was about to happen, a smile formed in the corner of my mouth and my fingers dropped to my hungry pussy, fingering my bald little clit as it swelled in the warm water below.
At precisely 11pm my time, I finished dressing, and checked my look in the mirror.
At 44 I was still looking good. I noticed my body had retained all the curves, although my boobs were slightly lower than they were when I was twenty. Hell, I had breastfed two kids and worked running my own business. What did I expect? My ass was still nice and shapely, thanks to a healthy sex life, and good genes! I hated exercise, preferring to fuck myself in shape whenever I had the chance. I was dressed classy and elegant, the black spaghetti strap cocktail dress matched with classic high heel stiletto pumps and a small matching clutch bag.
Back in Melbourne, Steve turned on the heater and switched on his computer.
I caught the lift down to the lobby, and as I stepped onto the tiled foyer floor, I delighted in the sound my heels made as I slowly walked across to the bar where I had arranged to meet the other participants in the birthday surprise for my husband. Entering slowly, I was pleased to see they were on time. We made our introductions before I ordered a round of drinks for everyone. There was Tyler, a tall lawyer I had met last time I was in L.A. He had arranged a few sales for me since, and I had appointed him as my company solicitor following a wonderful session alone with him in his office one afternoon, where he begged me to finish him off with my mouth before he had a hear attack. The second member of the party was Jay, a masseuse I had met in the hotel only three days earlier. I had booked a massage and Jay had satisfied my needs, in more way than one. The final member of the party was Stanley, a slightly tubby man, whose tongue had managed to make me climax five times one afternoon on my last trip to the USA. He had seduced me in the Victoria's Secret lingerie shop as I tried on different outfits that I wanted to take home to tease Steve.
We chatted over a few drinks and I explained to all what was planned for the evening, before heading up to my room to get things started, just before midnight. I knew that Steve would be perched naked in front of his pc at midnight, so I wanted to be prompt. I had to keep one eye on the clock despite being the centre of attention of these wonderful male specimens!
In my room I excused myself and asked the guys to settle in and make themselves at home. I went to the bathroom and had a nervous pee before giving myself a total clean up, and applying just a little more perfume than normal. I was very excited, and also a little nervous at the thought of what I was about to do for my hubby for his birthday.
Walking back into the room, the guys were seated in the various chairs around the room. My laptop was on a side table, all set up so that it could capture all the action that I planned to make happen.
Sensing an awkward silence as the men wondered how this night would begin, I turned on some soft music. I wanted there to be some background only, as I wanted Steve to be able to hear what was going on as he sat at his computer back in Melbourne.
At that very moment, Steve followed the instructions in the email I had sent him. Clicking on the web chat window, sitting naked at his desk, he saw me walk into the room and shifted nervously as he noticed the three men with me in my room. His cock stirred and he shifted in his seat, stretching out his legs and flexing his buttocks as he watched his me on the screen move towards the three men seated in the lounge chairs.
Moving to the middle of the room, I began to dance to the beat of the music. I love to dance, and it makes me totally horny. The fact that I was there, in front of three strangers, while my hubby was at home watching me on the web cam, was making my nipples swell. My arousal levels were incredible, and the fact that I knew I was about to fuck three men while Steve watched, only made my mind race with erotic sensations. My clit began to throb and so I dropped one hand to play with my pussy and begin to relive myself of some of the sexual tension. As I swayed and felt myself up, I watched the men on the couches sipping their drinks, and noticed that all three were now sporting nice erections. I smiled to them, as I pushed a finger into my now sopping cunt as I danced in front of them. My black dress was bunched up around my hips, as my finger pushed in and out, making that incredibly erotic squelching noise only a woman's cunt can make when an object is being pumped in and out.
Back home, Steve's breath quickened as his own hand went to the head of his penis.
As I closed my eyes and continued to finger myself in front of the three men, Jay decided to move in on the action. Rising from his chair, he came to me and stood behind me, his talented masseuse hands gently rubbing my shoulders, his cock pressing against the crack of my ass still encased in his trousers. I moaned and reached down with my other hand, rubbing hid erection, before reaching for his zipper and letting his trousers drop to the floor. Kissing my neck, he took my lead and reached down to let his delicious cock spring free. Suddenly I felt the heat only a man's cock can produce, as he pushed the head of his cock between my ass cheeks, then allowed the wetness of my pussy to coat the length of his shaft. I leaned back slightly as he continued to kiss my neck, and we delighted in the feeling of slippery eroticness as our pubic regions lubricated each other in preparation for what was about to happen.
Once wet, I merely leaned forward in my dress and still wearing my heels, allowing his cock to find my pussy opening. I gasped at the penetration, as Jay eased my body forward and entered me in front of the two men still sitting close by.
Back home Steve took a sip from his drink and stroked the full, now hard, length of his cock that had done the same thing so many thousands of times in our marriage.
Jay was now pumping his cock in to me with wonderful deep, slow thrusts. I loved the way he fucked me, and eventually, I decided to take off my dress as I was getting a little sweaty. I love the feeling of getting sweaty when fucking, and I knew that Steve would be enjoying seeing my body glisten with sweat as he watched the first of the strangers fuck his wife.
I was now in just my heels and jewellery, impaled on Jay's great cock fucking him in the room in front of Tyler and Stanley, who by this time, had removed all their own clothes. I was bent forward, and Jay was pushing me back and forth on his cock with each thrust, slowly easing it out before pushing it all the way in with each action. It was delightful, and I was totally sopping now with my pussy drenched in juices, and my body covered in sweat. Stanley must have liked what he saw, because before I knew it, he was on the carpet underneath me, licking the sweat from my nipples and rubbing my clit at the same time. I reached down and stroked his cock as a thank you, as his tongue rose to lash my clit, only inches from Jay's cock as he fucked me.
Ladies, let me say, if you have never been fucked and licked at the same time, you have been missing out. It is, without a doubt, THE best way to orgasm, and trust me, I have tried plenty of different ways to cum over the years! Within minutes, the slow, deep and hot pumping of Jay's cock in my pussy, the wet slippery warmth and motion of Stanley's tongue, and the mental image of my husband watching me as two men made love to me, crashed me over the edge into the most violent climax I have had in years.
My head involuntarily thrashed back and forth, my hair wildly flowing as my boobs shook, my clit swelled on Stanley's talented tongue, and my pussy walls jammed down on Jay's wonderful cock as he fucked me through my cum. I shook and convulsed, then moaned and yelped as it over took my being, causing my whole body to spasm and contract at the same time. I loved it!
Clearly the men did too, because the dick in my hand was suddenly spewing cum all over my wrist, just as I felt Jay pump large spurts of hot wet fluid deep into my hungry cunt! Out of nowhere Tyler's cock too spurted cum all over my back, and as I turned to see where the sudden warm splashes were coming from, a large glob of cum landed right in my open mouth as I moaned!
It was too much for my husband watching me on the computer, and he came, spurting his own cum into the air as several large squirts landed on his leg and the carpet in the study. Knowing Steve was watching, and wanting the night to go on for hours more, I decided to stand up and clean myself a little. As I dislodged my pussy from Jay's now softening penis, which had just filled me with cum, I moved towards the web cam, and then, bending forward at the waist, my rear pointing at the camera, I pushed my pussy muscles hard, making sure Steve got a good look at the large amount of Jay's cum that was oozing out of me onto the floor below. Then, nastily, I dropped to the floor, scooped up some of Jay's love juices, covered my fingers in it, and then licked and sucked my own fingers clean in front of my husband on the camera.
Steve moaned and chuckled at the sheer nastiness of my actions, before cleaning up his own mess and then smearing some more lube onto his cock before starting to rub it once again.
Behind me, the three men were pouring themselves another drink, all standing naked, their cocks so recently relieved, were sagging and in need of my personal attention.
I went to the men, still wearing only my heels, and dropped to my knees. They surrounded me, and as they talked and moaned, I proceeded to do what I do best, and sucked three cocks back to stiff attention. After all, the night was still young and I had only been fucked by one of them! Who was I to waste such a wonderful opportunity to be fucked again and again by three men while my hubby watched on webcam?
It wasn't long before my cocksucking skills made the men want to step things up a bit, and I soon found myself laying back on the large lounge chair with Stanley positioned between my legs. He pushed the head of his average sized cock into me, and I marvelled at just how easily I took him in my very wet pussy. I had my arms back over my head, and as he started to slowly pump his cock in and out of me, he grabbed my boobs and rode me like a cowboy holding on to my tits as the bridle!
It was a lovely fuck, but I wanted more, and luckily the other two dicks in the room were getting hard once more. I called them over and placed one each side, so they could clearly see me being fucked by Stanley. I tilted my head left, and found Jay's cock. It was still coated with my own pussy juices, so I licked, then sucked it completely clean, my hand cradling and tugging at his balls as I sucked him off. Then, once clean and very hard again, I rolled my head to the right, knowing that my husband, Steve, could see me on the web cam, and started to suck Tyler's longer, thicker cock too. I was in fuck heaven and being watched by my voyeur husband!
My pussy was being delightfully pumped by Stanley. He was showing some really good stamina for a man of his age and shape, as he gripped my boobs and continued to give them a good squeeze while fucking me as he watched me suck off the two men either side of me.
Soon Tyler wanted more, and he asked Staley to trade places. Stanley's dick popped out with an audible noise, and I momentarily raised my head to see what was happening as I continued to suck Jay once more. I needn't have worried, because within seconds I felt the unmistakable feeling of a larger cock inside me, and I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of thickness and length that Tyler's dick was now giving me. Tyler rode with deeper, slower strokes, and it was awesome. I slurped and moaned continuously on the two cocks either side of my body, as Tyler took hold of my legs by the heels of my black stilettos, before jamming his long dick into me slowly and deeply with each stroke.
As I continued to enjoy being fucked, Jay reached down and started to flicker my clit as I sucked his and Stanley's cocks alternately. It was surprisingly fast, but soon another orgasm overtook my helpless body and I climaxed once more on the men fucking me. I had to empty my mouth for a moment and scream as this orgasm took hold, but Stanley simply grabbed my face and jammed his cock into my mouth as Jay continued to play with my clit till my orgasm subsided. I was out of breath, but it didn't stop Stanley. He started to cum just as I thought I would pass out! I gulped some air and managed to breathe once more just as the third spurt of his love juice splashed into my cock hungry throat and I gulped it all down, swallowing hard in a slutty display for the men who were fucking me and my husband as he watched.
Satisfied with his work, having watched me cum and emptied his balls into my mouth, Stanley stepped back and took a seat on the couch opposite from where I continued to be fucked by Tyler as Jay played with my tits.
"Shall we try a double team?" asked Tyler of Jay.
"Sure. Sounds hot!" he replied, not even bothering to ask if I wanted to be spit roasted.
At least I thought that was what he meant!
However, seconds later, as Tyler lay down on the carpet, Jay slowly lowered me down onto his cock and I was aware of him fingering my sopping pussy and removing a finger full of love juice.
I smiled inside, knowing what they were planning, but I pretended to be shocked! I wanted Steve to get the full effect of watching his horny, slutty wife being double fucked by these two hung studs.
Still in my heels, and having orgasmed twice already, with a throat full of freshly deposited sperm, I began to show off for my husband. I rode the dick in my pussy without mercy, and began talking dirty to Tyler as he lay below me, holding on for the ride!
"Ooooh yeah, that's it you fucker, stick that fat cock in my hungry pussy....ooooh...yesss, yess, right there,don't stop, don't stop. Fuck me....harder, deeper......"
Al l the while Tyler simply gripped my boobs and jammed his dick into me as I slammed down onto him as hard and deep as I was able. I glanced over to the camera.
"Oooh, look baby...I'm riding his cock really hard and deep now. Can you see me? My tits are bouncing he's fucking me so deep. I love it baby -- are you stiff? Do you want to fuck me too???"
I knew Steve would be tossing off and would find it hard not to cum again as he watched these three guys fuck me.
Behind me, Jay greased up his own dick with my love juices, and I knew what was to come.
"Oooh, no way -- noooo I'm an anal virgin! Don't DP me. Please??? Please don't double fuck me you two. You'll split me in half with your big fat cocks....please don't......"
Even as I pretended and begged them not to, my index finger was behind me, pushing in and out of my tight hole, making it ready for the feeling I had experienced many times before. I adored DP, and I had many, many times milked the cocks of two lovers as they enjoyed taking my ass and pussy at the same time.
Jay played along, slapping me gently in the face and taking a fistful of my hair as he positioned the head of his cock against my anus.
"Shut up you slut. You KNOW you want this. You know you want us to DP you. I know you want to show your husband what a slut you can be, now shut up and keep still while I stick my big cock in your tight asshole."
He was good. Gentle, but acting tough -- perfect.
I kept still for the few moments it took for my asshole to relax and welcome the second cock inside me, with only the thin membrane between them as they began to fuck me together. I adored it. I felt full, and I threw my head back, thrashing about protesting and screaming, all the while secretly jamming my body back and down onto my double invading penises.
Below me Tyler sucked on my nipples, biting them and making me squeal as behind me, Jay took hold of my shoulders and really started to pump his cock into my asshole. It was wild, hot, slippery and sexy as fuck!
On the couch old Stanley was wanking and watching, urging the boys on as they DP'ed me in front of the camera so Steve could watch.
In Melbourne, Steve exploded onto the carpet once more, the sight of his slut wife being double fucked too much for him.........
When I arrived home a few days later, there was a present on the kitchen table. Tired from the flight, I opened it.
It was a dvd, simply labelled.
'Dee's Yankee Threesome.'
I smiled before climbing in to bed and falling asleep, my mind full of cocks once more...