I really respect young women who've taken on the commitment to birth and raise a baby, or young child. It's an extremely important task that sometimes gets little or no acknowledgment. It's a hard task in that it's that 24/7/365 days of constant responsibility. She's tasked with all the care, feeding, cleaning, clothing, and training, just everything for this tiny being that can't care for itself. This tiny being that's completely dependent on her for life itself, sure others can and probably will help. But when it gets down to where the buck stops, she's it. The emotional weight of that can be heavy and never ending.
So when a little mommy gets that first night to breakout and have some adult fun, look out! Her emotional bank of fun has had nothing but deposits and no withdrawals, and its seams are stretching. So don't be surprised when the explosion registers on the Rickert Scale. Just hang on your in for a ride. So let's meet Keelin Sine Brock a 'little' mommy on the brink of her first night out in years.
There'll be some sex and nudity, but as usual with me it's slow in coming. The last part of the story is a long highly descriptive sex scene, so it might be good to wait until the ending. As always if you're under eighteen please move on.
I hope you enjoy.
It was the first night in four years that we were going to go out, to a formal dinner party and I was so excited. I'd been 'Mommy' for far too long and I was feeling dowdy and not so much as old, as 'passed over'. I wasn't blaming anyone, because it was what I wanted, what I'd/we'd planned.
It's just that 24/7/365 days of mommy for four years gets a little wearing and old. I felt much like a big person in the land of the Lilliputians of Gulliver's travels', and not very adult either. My children are three, two and six months old.
Some of my feelings of being buried are my own fault. Thomas' Mom, Madeline, has offered to watch the babies while we went out for ourselves. We'd taken her offer a few times just to go out for dinner and drinks; but Thomas and I are mostly 'homebodies' and parents. We want to be deeply involved with our children, and we feel that so much of a child's learning is done even as they're babies. Most of parent/child bonding is done before they can even talk or walk.
Our sex life is done as 'quickies' between children times. All parents know this and have dealt with it for centuries. But I can't complain, Thomas is a wonderful lover and even quickies with Thomas keep me satisfied, needless to say some things change. I used to be a screamer, now my lip and hand have permanent teeth marks. A ratty leather couch pillow lies at the head of our bed, with its corners chewed off. But we're trying to keep love alive.
Thomas and I have been 'fitness freaks' for as long as I can remember. Thomas was mostly Soccer and Basketball, then recreational skiing in the winter. I was always Gymnastics and Dance; my folks have movies of me in Gymnastics at age four. When I started going with Thomas I learned how to ski, but we've always been runners.
My fitness has been my sanities savior for these last few years. Working out used to be one of Thomas' and my 'togetherness times', with the kids now that's impossible. So Thomas' time is mornings before work and maybe a late evening run. I feed the kids and myself late afternoon, and then make dinner for Thomas and a light snack for me. That's our time for talk of how our day went.
After that is my 'me time' and the savior of my sanity, my workout time, while I'm at the gym or running. Also I've known the university gymnastic coach for a long time, so he lets me into the practice gym some nights. A 'boom box' and the floor ex mats is high energy, free dance time for me, with some 'old lady' tumbling thrown in.
We're also very goal driven and long range planners. I know, I've heard the saying; 'man plans and gods laugh.'
But we do plan, we have the first ten years of our marriage on a set plan, and so far, 'knock on wood', we're right on course. A great part of being able to stay on course has been our financial capabilities. Thomas and I aren't blue blood or silver spoon in the mouth born children. But trust fund babies certainly apply. We just haven't had to deal with that money problem like most young couples have too.
So the financial planning of our ten year plan is not really relevant. Plus it's not important to us either. Neither Thomas nor I are money conscious, we're not going too built up a fifty million dollar nest egg. At the same time we're not going to let money get low enough, that the loss of a job or an illness causes a major change in our families lifestyle. Money is to buy the things you need or want with, beyond that it's just collecting merit badges.
As I said we're homebodies and parents. That's a lot of what drew us together, was our compatibility, and common goals; well that and his 'very' nice butt. Strangely on Thomas that was the first thing that I noticed. Usually its eyes and hair that I notice first, then smile and body that I look for.
On Thomas, with those almost impossibly wide shoulders, that small tight ass could not go unnoticed. When I looked up to that white blond hair and those piercing blue eyes, my breath stopped. When that boyish lopsided grin rose as he turned more and really looked at me, my heart took flight and my soul went home. When the presence of his settled into me, I knew that was the way it was meant to be, and it just was, and will be for the rest of our lives.
We met when I changed out of the catholic girl's school that I'd been going to. I came to realize that I was missing out on a lot of life training that co-ed public schools just naturally had. So I started junior year at a normal high school. Where walking into English class, that very first day, I saw that most perfect of behinds, and my life changed.
But timing and common goals are a lot of what drove our ten year plan. It didn't take Thomas and me long to realize that we were forever. So when we talked about 'us' it was always long term. We were jointed in so many more ways than just bodies; it was minds and souls too. Goals and desires were entwined too. AND can that man fuck...oh god.
Even though we're Millennial Generation, wired, connected, and part of the information age. Our life goals and interests, yes even our morality is based in the 50's or 60's. Ward and June Cleaver and family are based on those values. Well mostly, even in high school we tried to wear pussy out, so I guess the abstinence before marriage thing we didn't even pay lip service to, lips were for other things.
We both wanted 'family' as our central goal. We both wanted three children, any combination of boys and girls would be OK. What we didn't want was to end up with a sixteen year old and a four year old baby of the family. We wanted them to be friends as well as siblings, close enough in ages that they held, at least some common interests.
We also wanted to be 'young parents', that way if we had a problem getting pregnant with any of the children. We wouldn't run into a late in life child with their siblings much older. Or ourselves raising young children at both ends of our married life.
We both wanted college too, careers, not just jobs to put time into. But in staying with our 'young parent theme', at twenty two I took a break from the university, to have our children. We had 'no' trouble getting pregnant.
Two weeks and nine months later, after I quit taking BC pills, we had our son Krystof Anthony. In three months I had my fitness back in shape; nine months later gave us Melissa Lee. After two pregnancy's it took a little longer to get back in shape. But six months ago Danielle Ann was born. I've worked...hard after Dani, very hard, but I'm almost back in my twenty two year old shape.
So at twenty seven, a formal dinner party upcoming, I have a severe itch to be noticed; admired, desired, as sexy, as an adult hawt woman. It's not a stretch either; at twenty two I turned a lot of heads. Thomas and I together are a very visually appealing couple. Thomas is right at six foot tall and 190 lbs'. He has white blond hair, almost white blue eyes, those wide shoulders and that amazing ass, Scandinavian to the max.
He's a Viking; I'm a Bonny Irish lassie, red hair, freckles, and green eyes. Some people say I'm tiny, I don't think I'm quite tiny, but I guess at five foot two I could be considered tiny. At 105 lbs' wearing a size 0-2 dress, I 'might' see where they'd think tiny. Even after three kids I'm not quite into a B cup bra, so yeah those are sort of tiny, but they are high and tight.
It's my hair that draws everyone's' eyes to the rest of me. I haven't cut my hair since I was ten years old. Sure I've trimmed the split ends, but that's all. My hair's not only on the top of my head and all the way down to my ass, it's my crowning glory too. So thick, rich and full that sometimes it feels like it weighs five pounds, after a shower, maybe ten.
I call its color calico like the cats. Its base color is that flame red orange everyone associates with Irish lassies. But my hair has a lot of other colors in it too. There's some; black, a few strands of pure white, some honey and strawberry blond, even a blood red and tan. Calico like the cats', just not in spots, but as streaks and highlights.
Thomas loves my ass and legs too, well years in dance and gymnastics what do you expect? Exercise like that builds a high and tight ass with a lot of muscle definition in my legs.
That's the thing that I said I wasn't going to do. Let my body go after child birth.
Having three children as fast as I've done can be very hard on a woman's body. In a number of ways, internally it's just hard on the organs and muscles. Externally it's the weight gain and the loss of muscle tone and mass. I feel that the key, both internally and externally are in muscle tone and weight gain.
So I made the vow to myself to control both. Weight I let the Doctor control, just not the way he wanted. I kept the weight way down until he squawked that it was so low that it was very unhealthy and might endanger the baby, and then I let on a couple pounds and held it there, until he started squawking again.
I ran as long as I could, until Doctor Kell squawked again, and then backed off a little. I tried to keep my core fitness up as high as I could, then my back hurt. But I found if I backed off in my core exercises it hurt worse. So I kept up with my exercises and endured.
But pregnancy is uncomfortable on the back; on the bladder, on the butt, on the boobs, and on the skin, on...on...just everything. It's worse on the emotional side; mood swings some times by the minute, the horniness, and cravings not only for foods. Smells that run hot and cold, the scent of coffee on the morning air, until I get a cup under my nose and then I'm almost ill.
The extreme desire for someone who could take over...for just one night a week, please?
So at twenty seven I'm done child bearing, and I had my tubes tied. Four years of being Mommy and a formal dinner party to go to, I realized just how womanly I've become. The feminine eternal lament...I don't have a thing to wear!
Looking into my closet all I see is a twenty two year old athletic co-ed who was more tomboy than debutante. What dress up clothes that are there are flashy club wear. Certainly they're not suitable for a twenty seven year old mother of three, to attend her husband's celebratory corporate dinner party.
That's what this dinner party is for. My Thomas is smart, very smart, he's an Architectural Engineer, and the company he's working for has just completed a fifty story building. At twenty eight Thomas was a lead on one of the teams.
This party is for the VIP's of all the companies involved with the project. Banking, Engineering, Architectural, Design and decoration, Construction, every type of organization that's needed to bring a building like this into being. Thomas says there might be close to a hundred people there. No, flashy club wear isn't going to cut it, I have to go shopping.
Again I'm an atypical woman, I don't like to shop and my sense of feminine style is somewhat lacking. So what should I do in this instance? Call for reinforcements of course, feminine reinforcements, and shopaholics. My friends Katy and Michelle will fall out of their chairs when 'I' ask them to go 'shopping' with me, but I have too.
"Thomas babe, I have to go shopping Saturday, can you watch the kids or should I call Madeline?"
"What do you have to shop for on Saturday? I thought we did all our shopping on Sunday evening?"
"Well, we have that party to go to and I don't have a thing to wear."
"(Lol) Those are words that I thought I'd never hear my little jockette say. What's the matter babe, a fashion tee and your best black skinny jeans won't work?"
"Ha...ha funny man, it's my doc Martins that I have to replace. They're no good for dancing and I don't have any black Nike's. So bite me funny man...NO...Thomas put me down. (Lol) Thomas put me down right NOW. No...no don't you dare bite my ass...THOMAS...put me d...OW...that hurt you big ass."
"I just love my little wifey and will do anything she tells me."
"Ya, bull shit, you'll only do what I ask you to when you damn well want too."
"Oh, little potty mouth, guess which one of those words you'll hear from Krystof next?"
"Oops, but I really do have to go shopping for a dress. I really 'don't' have anything to wear."
"You used to have some real pretty dresses when we went out before?"
"Oh Thomas, those are four years out of fashion club wear for a twenty two year old co-ed. Do you really want your bosses thinking that you're bonking young airhead college girls?"
"Umm, sounds interesting."
"Listen mister funny man, I still have my rusty butter knife that I threatened to de-nut you with last time you were looking at young girls, hell that one couldn't have even been out of high school yet."
"Well I wasn't looking at her age, just her ass."
"(Lol) Be that as it may, I do have to get a dress. Saturday was the only day that I could get Katy and 'Selle together to offer their expert assistance. Jockette is no fashion or shopping girl so I need some help."
"Oh, Katy and 'Selle, slut one and slut two..."
"Damn it Thomas my friends aren't sluts, in fact you know that Michelle's married now. AND she'd never cheat on David, she loves him too much. Katy's single but she's no slut!"
"Whoa little fire bird, I know that your friends aren't sluts. I was just winding you up. But yeah they are fashionistas, so yes they'll be expert help. Lord knows that they have enough clothes. They have enough clothes between them that they could clothe all the women of the university freshman class at least once."
"Well they might be able to do that. But Saturday is OK or should I call Madeline?"
"No, it's OK. I'll just park the girls in the play pen and spend some quality bonding time with my main man."
"You're such a funny man today. Take care of your daughters too, soon they'll be twisting daddy around their little pinkies and looking for dates."
"Hum, I wonder if the skeet club is giving beginning classes in shot gun parenting skills?"
"(Lol) What's got into you today?"
"I don't know, but I know what can get into you!"
"Oh shit...Thomas put me down...shit...Thomas...OH, where's my leather pillow?"
First thing Katy asked me was which Doctor I wanted them to take me to, because I had to be fevered to ask them to take me shopping. Either that or she was hallucinating. But I laughed at her, and then filled them in about the party and what it was for. When I told them that I didn't want to be 'Mommy' for a while.
They got a big laugh out of that. Katy said.
"Well, then Victoria Secret was the place to start."
"Katy, for the type of dress I'm looking for a bra's not going to matter and maybe panties too."
That dropped them both back into their chairs with mouths hanging open.
"Keelin Sine Brock what the hell's got into you?"
"24/7/365 days of living in the land of the little people, four years of 'Mommy, Mommy...but why'! I don't even feel like an adult anymore, certainly not a sexy woman. I want attention; I want men to watch me. I want six guys to stop talking and watch me walk across the room, and have their wives hit them for staring. This Mommy is ready to bust loose. That's the kind of dress I want."
They both just sat a stared at me. I think that I just blown their image of me sideways. But I didn't care, I meant what I said, Momma was ready to bust loose. A small sly look started creeping into Katy's eyes.
"I think that I might know a few places to go where we might find a dress like that."
She did know places that both 'Selle or I'd ever heard of, but three stores and four hours later I was still looking for 'that' dress. Katy again got a strange look on her face.
"Keely, I know of one more dress shop where you might find a dress like you want. Maybe I should have gone there first. But Keely this place is more than a little spendy, there's nothing even resembling reasonable priced there. Also the matrons of society don't shop there, debutantes won't either. But another type of woman, beautiful women, swears by this place."
I reached into my purse and pulled out my black Amex card, waving it, I said, 'let's go.'
It was perhaps the most poorly advertised store front that I'd ever seen. I can't really say that it was run down, but it gave that impression. However just inside the front door the ambiance skyrocketed. It was by far the best decorated store that we'd seen today, and quality was word one.
"Katy, have you ever been in this store before?"
"No, I knew that it was out of my price range so I didn't even come in to window shop because I knew that I'd be tempted, so I just stayed away. Maybe I'm glad that I did and maybe I'm not. Wow, this place is beautiful."
And it was and I know that I'd never seen a place quite like this one. In the display area you can only do so much with racks of dresses, what they did said class all the way. It was in the fitting room that things really shined. It was a whole room set out by itself with central seating and a number of booths around the outer walls. Quartered around the room were four three way viewing stands with mirrors, full length, and floor to ceiling.
Each of the fitting booths had plenty of room and those floor to ceiling mirrors on two of the three walls. A heavy brocade curtain covered the entrance to each booth. But the lighting inside made up for the heavy curtain, plus it was shadow free lighting.
It wasn't a particularly large shop yet they had five salesgirls...no excuse me fashion consultants working. If there weren't too many customers, each had their own consultant. You told the consultant the type of dress and color that you wanted. Then they'd start bringing you examples to try on.
After you had it on and straighten out in the booth. You walked out to one those three way viewing stands and discussed that dress with her, it's good and bad points. Then she went back for another dress. When I finally got across to her the type of dress that I wanted, she looked at me, 'this'll be fun.' The next dress she brought was closer to what I wanted.
But the bad thing about my hair is it's very hard to get just the right color to go with it. But the dresses started having the right visual 'pow' that I wanted. She brought back a gray one, when I got to the viewing stand the dress was the closest that I'd tried on today, the gray just didn't work.
By this time I was sans underwear for fittings. As I took the gray off, I could see this man in the mirror of my booth, the curtain hadn't gotten fully closed. There'd been a couple of men in the big viewing room while their wives tried on things. But I hadn't seen this guy before and he looked so bored. He was looking around and hadn't seen me watching him.
It was like another person slid into my body; I was watching her and smiling inside to myself. My hands went to the tie that made my hair into a ponytail and pulled it loose. Hands went to my temples and slid up to finger comb out my hair. Hands on the top of my head I shook out my hair, and he looked.
Our eyes locked in that mirror and he couldn't look away. A lopsided grin started on my face. Totally nude in that full length mirror we stared at each other. I brought my hands out of my hair and down to cup my breasts. I can't lick my own nipple, but I can pinch them and I did. I almost think a small moan escaped me. One hand let go of its breast, in my mind and in the mirror I watched it slide down the full length of my belly and over my mound. Down to cup my sex and slid a finger between my pussy lips.
A gasp, the sound of a hand slapping over her mouth, and saucer sized eyes in the mirror reminded me that Katy was in the booth with me. A small eye movement showed her the man watching me. Another gasp and the harsh stage whisper of 'Selle brought Michelle running to the curtain gap. They put their heads together in whispers. Over top I saw my fish get up and walk away.
So I slapped Katy's ass.
"You chased him away."
"Yes but he was peeking into the booth and could see that you were naked." I could see in her eyes when the light bulb went on. "You...you wanted him to see. Keelin Sine what's gotten into you?"
Before I could answer a tiny bit of black silk got passed to me over their heads. I took it and as I started getting it straightened out.
"Damn Katy, if they charge by the ounce this is the cheapest dress in the whole store."
'Selle had to add her two cents in. "No Keely, that's reversed, the less it weighs the more it costs."
"Oh boy, bank loan here I come, I've had wafer cookies that weigh more than this dress."
But I got it straightened out and slid over my head. Pulling the skirt all the way down, and that wasn't very far. I looked up into the mirror and my mind dropped back...
Summers and summers ago, to just after I'd turned thirteen. Mom had let me get my first real bikini, and we were on a summer holiday with a friend of Dad's and his family. Hank and Dad were on beach chairs just watching the world and the ocean roll by. I was on a beach towel behind them; I couldn't have sat in front of them, which was too open. My new bikini and my fairly recent new boobs were taking some getting used to.
Then a girl walked in front of us, she wasn't having any trouble getting used to her boobs or that bright yellow bikini she was almost wearing. It had to have been the smallest bikini that I'd ever seen, even in a magazine. As Hank's comment floated back to me it drew my attention back to them.
In a theatrical cowboy drawl. "That bikini's like a barbed wire fence."
"How's that Hank?"
"Well, a barbed wire fence keeps the cows in the field, but doesn't spoil the view."
When I looked up into that mirror, standing in that LBD. (Little black dress.) That's what passed through my mind. It keeps me in the field and almost doesn't spoil the view. I was naked, you could tell it and you thought you could see it...almost. The dress wasn't see through, but you thought that in the right light it might be, but it wasn't. It was thin, very thin, but it wasn't see through.
But I was naked in it and you knew that instantly. You just couldn't see skin in the wrong/right places. But under that very thin layer, skin was naked.
An LBD is supposed to be a woman's universal tool, a dress she can use anywhere. A dress she can wear to the children's Christmas Play, a dress her husband can take her out to a fancy supper club in. He can take her out dancing in, to the theater, to a play, anywhere for any purpose.
Not this little black dress, wearing it to a children's Christmas Play could possibly be a crime. In Church you might get struck by lightning wearing this LBD.
You'd wear this LBD dancing for your husband in the bedroom to turn him on. You might wear this little black dress out with your husband and some really good friends to a darkened piano bar for dancing, or to a dark romantic supper club with your husband, but always with your husband. In this little black dress you might be in trouble without your husband.
But mine was going to the party with me, and I wanted this dress.
In the central room on one of the viewing stands. I could see in the mirror that my fish had just moved to a different seat. The instant I left the booth his eyes were on me and he hasn't looked away yet. Even sitting down with his legs crossed I can see he's erect, and the 'her inside' me smiles that lopsided grin.
The dress is everything that I want it to be. There's a little folding and body in the fabric around the neckline, over the shoulders, and around the back. There's basically no back on the dress it plunges down so far that I don't know if the crack of my ass is showing, but I can feel the air there as I move. It would be no more than the span of a hand over my ass and fingers would be inside me.
The neck line plunges almost as far, but it's a narrow plunge between my breasts. Standing it's perfectly modest. Turning to the side or twisting you might show a little breast. Bending over it's clear to your waist, all the goods are on display, and I mean 'all' the goods. As I'm leaning over and seeing just how much is on display, fish's mouth starts to look like...well a fish's mouth breathing.
But I let go of my hair and the curtain closes, and yes I can see that the lady Godiva trick still works fine. I could do toe touch exercises and no one could see anything, the backs getting a breeze though. Standing up I see what this dress reminds me of, a crazy video of girls walking the streets of Key West in nothing but body paint.
It looks that naked, it's just got a skirt made of the same paint so you can't see between my thighs. That skirt ends eight inches above my knees though, and that's not to say how close to my ass it is if I bend over.
The way the dress feels is amazing too, it's like fabric has been spray painted three microns above my skin. As I move it's brushing all those little tiny hairs all over my body, all at the same time. To say nothing about what it's doing to my nipples. Like I've said, I've had wafer cookies that weigh more than this dress, so not only does it look like I'm naked it feels like it too, like I'm clothed in air.
Katy and 'Selle have been so good and patient today. They're watching the games I'm playing with fish. I know that I've rewrote their image of me in their minds today. But I couldn't help it, and I know in my mind that I'm going to have to watch that. My marriage and children are number one for me; games with fish are less than nothing.
I buy Katy and 'Selle each a blouse along with my dress and shoes. It makes my black Amex card squeak a little, but it's been fun. Oh yeah, shoes, black, shiny, four inch heels, I think that I'll have enough balance to walk in them though. CFM's I think they call them, come fuck me, think Thomas will know that?
I've got about three and a half hours before we'll leave for the party. An hour and a half before Madeline will show up to tend the kids so I can get ready. I'm so excited, but I'm also scared and nervous, all tingly inside.
I think that the kids felt that in me, they were hard to get to lie down. Baby Dani still hasn't settled yet. So I fed her again and I'm carrying her around with me. Hoping she'll feel safe and settle down for a nap, if she doesn't she'll be really bad for Madeline.
I'm moving things around and making sure that I have everything I'll need, and that it's all in one place. I go to the closet and one handed with little Dani on my hip I manage to get the dress out of its bag and off the hanger.
Throwing it over my shoulder I turn to lay it on the bed. But barely taking a step I remembered the shoes. Putting Dani up to my shoulder I squatted down and manage to get both shoes into one hand. Turning to go to the bed...I guess I must have turned too fast.
I heard the burp and the bubbling then smelled the sour milk and knew that she'd spit up. Again I moved to fast and I'd barely gotten her off my shoulder and she spit up again. I watched in horror as it dropped a white line down the center of the skirt on my new dress.
Shaking, crying with tears already starting to fall I manage to get Dani into the center of our big bed. I ran into the bathroom for a wet cloth and wipe Dani's mouth and face clean. Then I can look at my new dress.
There's the long white stain down the front of the skirt, but there's also spit up on both sides of the neckline in one area. I guess they must have been folded together when she spit up on them. Thinking that I have to rinse it out before the smell sets into the fabric I use the sink in the bathroom to flush it with warm water.
A small noise in the bedroom hammers my mind and I fly back into the bedroom, only to find Dani still in the center of the tall bed having never moved. I place a big pillow along each side of her, knowing that I should never have left her alone on our bed. Thinking what might have happened if she'd fallen from that height.
Realizing to myself that I'm batting a 1000% in my own stupidity, that I need to stop and settle myself down before I really do something massively stupid. Quickly back into the bathroom for the dress and a bunch of towels. I spread it out on the bed and start trying to pat it dry.
My mind is watching but it can't believe what's happening. The fabric is not drying flat, it's rippling up in waves, only where it's been wet. I check Dani to find that she sleeping, so I take the dress into the bathroom. With the hair dryer on it lowest heat setting and holding it a foot away, I try to gently dry it. But it only makes it worse.
Back to the bed and I check again on Dani, I spread the dress out and try to smooth it with my hands. But it won't smooth out, in fact the dryer the dress gets the more it ripples up. My mind is starting to panic, but then I remember the care information tag. As my hand finds it I read, professionally clean only, no water!
My knees sag to the floor and my head falls onto the bed. The tears and sobs fell full force now, because I realize that I'm done. The dress is ruined, oh maybe a professional can get it back in shape, but not tonight. I can't go to the party, I'm done, and it's over.
I know that I'll have to call Madeline and Thomas, and let them know what's happened. Madeline can stay home and Thomas can go by himself, but I'm done. There's nothing in my closet that could even remotely work.
"Madeline, you might as well stay home tonight. There's no way that I can go to the party."
"Why Keely? What's happened so that you can't go?"
"Dani spit up on the only dress I have that I could use for tonight. In my stupidity I tried to rinse it out without looking at the care tag. It says 'professionally clean only no water.' And the fabric won't go back into shape."
"Well hang on Keely, I'll be right over and between the two of us we'll fix up something."
The second sad phone call I have to make.
"Thomas, I don't think that I'll be able to go to your party. Dani spit up on the new dress I bought then in trying to clean it I ruined it."
"Oh Keely, I know just how much you wanted to go, you've been so excited the last few days. There has to be 'something' that you can wear?"
"Madeline is on her way here and her attitude is the same as yours so maybe? But I really don't think so; you might just have to prepare yourself to go alone tonight. I really can't blame Dani, that's part of what hurts so much; it's all my own stupidity that ruined everything."
"Well, don't count yourself down and out yet, Mom's really good at fixing problems. If she can't, when I get home I'll try and we'll just go late. So buck up and quit crying we'll figure out something."
So I quit crying, and Dani had fallen asleep so I moved her to her crib. Fortunately children can sleep soundly and she didn't wake as I moved her. I went ahead and finished getting everything collected up and ready. But my mood was pretty hopeless, I knew what was in my closet and I knew that the dress was ruined.
It wasn't five minutes later and Madeline was here. She looked at the dress lying on the bed, felt the fabric, and pulled out the care tag. Feeling the fabric between her fingers and trying to rub it flat with her hand, she started shaking her head.
"Keely, I don't think that I can do anything with this fabric. It's too thin, I don't even know what it's made out of and the tag doesn't say. But it does say 'no water' and that's obviously what rippled the fabric. Anything short of a professional shop is not going to get it back in shape."
"It's a beautifully shaped dress, and it's very excellent quality. If you don't mind me asking but what did it cost you?"
"1200 dollars."
"Oh ouch, and you might never even get to wear it. But were you seriously going to wear this? Your bra and panties would show lines through this fabric." That lopsided grin on my face was her answer. "OH, oh well I guess you had that figured out. But seriously, with no underwear and the fabric in this dress you'd be naked, colored black but naked."
"You know that there'll be dancing there too and any kind of movement in this dress, even with your chest things would show." That lopsided grin was back. "Oh Keely, that doesn't seem like you at all. What's going on, isn't that boy of mine keeping up with his business?"
"(Lol) Yes Madeline he's marvelously keeping up with his 'business'. You've always said just what you mean, haven't you Madeline?"
"Life's too short not too. But what's going on with you Keely?"
"Oh Madeline, I'm dowdy, I'm getting passed by. I'm Mommy day in and day out, night after night, week after week; I have spit up on my tee shirt every day, peanut butter and jelly on my jeans. My hair's always in a pony tail and my make-up drawer has dust in it."
"For one night I want to be sexy, I wanted to be a hawt woman that all the men looked at. I wanted Thomas' tongue to hang out. I wanted to walk across a floor and have all the men desire me, yet know that they can't have me, but they want too."
"Well, I think that every mother with a little one has felt like that at one time or another and you have three. But I think that dress might have been a bit too much for Thomas, but that might be just the mother in me talking."
"But come on girl you're a woman I know that you have to have something in that closet that we can make work."
"Madeline, you know that I've never been a girly girl, in fact Thomas will sometimes call me his jockette. But I know what's in that closet and a corporate dinner party isn't in there."
"It doesn't hurt to look; besides what have you got to lose?"
So we looked, Madeline had a lot of ideas running through her mind. Some of them were good ideas, I'd just thought of them before.
"I know that you're really petite, but aren't any of your friends even close to your size?"
"No Madeline, I've mentally went through all my friends and even most of my neighbors and they're all bigger than me in one way or another."
Madeline didn't even pause as she went through all my old club dresses. Her comment though was...
"Gees girl, these looked too young on you when you were twenty two. Oh god, fluorescent lime green would spoil everyone's dinner. These church suits a grandmother wouldn't wear to this dinner party. Keely I'm ashamed of you; your closet is totally inadequate."
"But what's in here?"
As she pulled out an airtight sealed black garment bag, and my mind went back to when I bought it and the little old Chinese grandmother I'd bought it from.
When Thomas first got hired by this company; I don't know if it was considered a signing bonus or just a welcome to the company. But a group went to China to look over a project that they might bid on. They allowed some of the wives to come too. It was meetings all day for the employees, but evenings held fancy dinners out to very nice places.
Smoozing and drinks for most of the late evenings. Then back to meetings all day again. I couldn't Smooze or drink, I was six months pregnant with Krystof, but I could sight see and wander the shops with the wives during the day.
China was fun for me; most of the women were a similar stature to me. Plus 95+% of Chinese have black hair. To find someone of their stature with flame orange hair literally stopped whole streets. If I stepped close to talk to someone, all they could do was stare at my hair.
Wandering into a little shop was where I found this piece. In the US this shop might have been called an Import Market with a high end flea market attached. In the back, hanging almost in a corner was this garment bag; it literally had dust on the shoulder areas. What made me notice it was that it wasn't a normal garment bag.
It was hermetically sealed, in the back corner of a flea market. Well curiosity and kittens I had to know what was inside. Taking it up to the counter, the little grandmother there was frozen staring at me. I had to reach over there and shake her to get her to talk to me. She spoke English but between staring at my hair and trying to translate her own thoughts. I had a hard time just getting her to understand that I wanted to see what was in the bag.
Finally I got a nod of her head that I decided was enough to let me open that sealed garment bag. What was in it was amazing; we've all seen those fake Chinese outfits with the embroidered dragons on them. They're usually toggle and loop closure, high stiff collar and cuffs. They're almost always hip length, with pants underneath.
That's what this was, with a very obvious difference, this was real and old. At least that's what it looked like to me. It might be a very good fake but I didn't think so. Who would hermetically seal in a fake? Removing it from the bag I could see that it was made either for a young boy or a woman my size.
It had the shirt/jacket/tunic and the pants, three pearl and gold ringed wooden hair stakes, plus a set of slippers that were also beautiful. A soft leather bottom a heavy brocade silk upper with scroll work patterns in jet and crystal beading. The pants were very plain, they'd be very comfortable but there was nothing extra about or on them. The jacket was what was so very special.
But I thought that I was taking too long to look at it. These smaller shop owners love to haggle over price, and if I showed my interest in this clothing the starting price would be high. But it looked to be in my size, it looked very old but in perfect shape. If someone told me that it was four hundred years old, I'd believe them. If someone told me that they were new and made to look old, I might believe them too.
It was all black and it was my size and I thought it was old, and I wanted it. So I asked her starting price. I had a very hard time keeping my poker face on, it was so very low. I made no return offer but asked her price again. She dropped it just a very small amount. I paid her the money, put it all back in the bag and left the shop. Once out of sight I almost ran back to our hotel. Thomas agreed with me, he thought it was old too.
Half way around the world, over four year's time and three babies I'd forgotten it. But that's what Madeline was holding up. I figured that at the very least she needed to see what was in the bag. So I popped the seal and opened it up, pulled the bag off the jacket.
"OH...my god!" Madeline's hand sat over her mouth with large round eyes.
Looking at the jacket again I thought to myself that this might work. Not at all in the way that I wanted the dress to work, but the jacket screamed quality and beauty. The slippers were a work of art. But the pants were a zero. If...if I had time I might be able to find something that would work.
I pulled the pants out from under the jacket, took the slippers and hair stakes out from their pockets in the bag. I gave the stakes and the slippers to Madeline, only to see the look of wonder deepen on her face as she held the slippers. I think that she only held baby Dani any gentler. The pants I almost threw onto the bed, I really didn't like them.
In front of the full length mirror, I pulled my tee shirt off and the jacket on. This was the first time I'd actually tried any of the pieces on. The sleeves are the right length, doing up the first toggle under the neck. The collar fit too, the circle of it just touched around my neck. Where the toggle closed wasn't too tight either.
All the sizing on the jacket was falling right into place. But I still had the problem of the pants and in the back of my brain I kept rolling that around. My hands slid down the front of the jacket and pulled on the hem to measure its length, and it was good, just above hip socket line.
But I stopped there and stared that my image in the mirror. The tails of the jacket were spread open and there was a long taper from there all the way up to the neck toggle, and it gave me ideas. But I didn't know if I could force myself to do it, to modify this work of art. Could I do it in such a way as to not damage anything and be able to put it back the way it is right now?
Pants...pants and it suddenly hit me. Held open the jacket tails made a vee! I'd just bought a pair of running pants that had a kind of vee in front, and I went running for them. I was thinking that they were black and full length and like second skin on. I pulled them from the drawer realizing that I hadn't even worn them yet and I was going to cut them apart.
The front of the pants were like a football player's tights, they laced up the front. Laid up against the jacket the pants were a perfect color match and I already knew what I wanted to do to them. I pulled off my jeans and slid those running tights on.
Madeline was watching me run around the bedroom like a crazy woman. But she had a half smile on because she knew that I had an idea and a purpose now, and I just might make that party yet.
"Madeline I wonder if you would be able to fix my hair. I'd planned on just letting it free with that dress, but with this I want something different."
"So all this running has a purpose. Sure I'll work on your hair as long as the babes sleep. How do you want it done?"
The easiest way to show her was with a paper and pen and she understood right away. The Chinese always had their long hair braided, so that's what I thought to do. But of course I couldn't do just a long braid could I.
I wanted a four strand flat braid that started mid line on my head and pulled everything tight to my head. Then the four braids started to bell out width wise to about a foot wide at the bottom of my neck. Then tighten as it goes down to where there's about eight inches left, then tied off with a thong tight. Then that last eight inches flared out to a wide tail of loose hair.
While Madeline was doing that I started picking threads apart on the jacket. I knew what I wanted to do, when I got everything apart I'd just need Madeline to help me figure out placement. As I was just cutting threads that held toggles and loops on they could be moved back without any damage to the jacket. Then with just a couple of darts tacked in the back I'd get the look that I wanted.
The toggles came off easily and so did the loops, the loops would take little work. They were a double loop like an infinity symbol the outer loop had a small rose of folded fabric tacked in it. I'd just swap ends on those to leave the outer loop as the toggle loop thus widening the gap in the jacket.
That was the purpose of altering the jacket, to widen the gap and make it the reverse of a plunging neck line. The jacket would make a vee with the point up, and the pants would make a vee with the point down. The center of that off sized diamond would be my navel. Thomas had given me an emerald about the size of my thumb nail. It just fit inside my belly button.
Sewing the toggles back on was easy but by hand so it took a little time. The jacket had six toggles on it; I was only going to use three. The one just below the neck that was already in place, and then I was putting two on the mid line between my breasts and my navel, closer to my navel.
Below that there would be no toggles, above would be ones made to look like toggles only they wouldn't be able to close. Using only the loops, the three already on the jacket and the three that were to be moved, I put them the same spacing as before only loops on both sides of the gap. The outer loop would only go to the edge of the jacket material, thus leaving a clear opening in the middle.
The bottom toggle that I put on was stitched right at the edge of the jacket so the gap there was as wide as it could be, about four inches. Rising that would taper to the neck toggle and no gap. Below that bottom toggle everything flared out wide. A large dart at the back of the hem on the jacket set the front corners of each side were at my hip bones.
The pants took some time but were actually easier to do because most of the sewing was done on the sewing machine. I just took off all the material and eyelets that the lacing needed. Folded the vee already there out wider, and sewed it closed. I almost put some stitches in to close the bottom of the vee up. Because the point came down to the top of my slit, but wanting to live dangerously I left it alone. Setting the hair stakes into the top of my braid...
Then I would be done.
I got dressed in the bathroom; I'd heard Thomas bumping around in the bedroom while I was finishing the sewing, but he wasn't in there now so I assumed that he was dressed, done and downstairs waiting on me.
With my makeup done I was ready, looking one final time in the big mirror. I really like the total look, with the affect I'd made with eyeliner that made my eyes look almond shaped with an up angle. It was only fifteen minutes later than we'd set for our goal time to leave. So it was downstairs for the big reveal.
"DAMN, Keely I thought you went shopping for a dress?"
"I did, after Dani spit up on it, neither your mother nor I could get it fixed. So we had to come up with a plan B."
"Well this is damn hot looking, if this is plan B. Makes me wonder what plan A looked like."
There was a little noise from Madeline.
"What was that Mom?"
"Naked, plan A was a black dress that would have looked close to being naked. It was a beautiful dress and it covered all the important parts. It was just so thin that on it would look like colored nudity. It's a very beautiful dress; she might model it for you later. But I think Plan B came out looking very good too."
"It's beautiful; I'm just going to have to have a big club to keep all the dogs away. Tongues are going to hang out tonight. I hope you don't cause a riot."
"They can look Thomas, but I'm only with you. I will go with you and I'll only come home with you. I'll only dance with you or whoever you say I can, no one else Thomas. I don't want to be Mommy tonight, just for tonight. I wanted to be a hawt woman again for one night, I want men to look at me and desire me, but know that they can never have me because I'm yours only."
"If you don't like this outfit Thomas I'll stay home, and you can go without me. Or we both can stay home, but I'll only go with you husband. Thomas we've always said we're forever and we are. Say one word Thomas and I'll go change. Come back down and cheerfully order a pizza and watch TV either with you or without you. One word Thomas, one word."
"I thought our children and our life was the most important things in your life, I thought that you loved them?"
"Yes and yes, our family and you Thomas aren't the most important things in my life. They ARE my life, the alpha and omega of my life. They are my reason for living. They just aren't important; they're EVERYTHING in my life."
"If you think that what I want to do and this outfit will break a finger nail on the body of our marriage and family, I'll go change and order that pizza, say the word Thomas."
"No, we'll go tonight."
"Only if you'll promise me something, Thomas For me, I want to go wild; I want to flirt, I want men to look at me, desire me just for me. That's very selfish of me, and I don't want to break that fingernail. So promise to be my protector and my conscience tonight, promise to stop me before I even bend that finger nail. Right then say the word and I go home, even if I have to walk. Say the word and I'll turn and walk away that instant, promise me Thomas that you'll be my safe word?"
"Yes, I'll promise, and I'll try to protect you all I can."
With that he stepped up close to me. With Madeline behind him she couldn't see what he did next. A finger touched the bottom of the vee on my pants, and I jerked a little, then he whispered in my ear.
"If a man touched right here, he'd only be a finger's length away from being inside wet lady bits.
He did, and as his finger slid inside me my knee's started to fail and I shuttered. I had to grab his arm to hold myself up. But I looked up into his satisfied smirk...
"Only you Thomas, only you can touch me there."
"How are you going to stop them?"
"If you hear a slap and a man falls grabbing his nuts you'll know that he tried."
"(Lol) Blood thirsty wench, OK let get going."
The parking valet started my night's conquests. When he opened my door my jacket looked closed up and buttoned completely to my neck. As I turned and gave him one hand and used the other of push myself out of the car. The center of my top peeled open as a big oval window to my chest, and then it opened right to the edge of my nipples. A gasp showed his sudden shock, and brought a smile to the 'her inside' me.
She's back, the 'her' that allowed me to watch as she had played with fish. She'd never been a Mommy, and she let the Mommy me watch from the theater in my mind as she played with fishes.
Two doormen opened the double glass doors for us, but they didn't get the look that the valet did. All they saw was a beautiful black Mandarin style jacket, edged in white silk piping with bright red knotting loops and jet black wooden toggles holding it closed.
Dragons in metallic thread down each arm in copper, silver and gold. The same thread made scroll work on the neck collar and around the hem. Scroll work that laced through the heavy silk brocade of the shoulders that went a quarter of the way down the front and back of the jacket.
Closed up and covered to the neck, except for the diamond window that opened to my bare navel and its brilliant green gem. The vee that dropped oh so very far down my belly.
There was only one hotel in the city grand enough to hold a function such as this. At least one with a formal dining room large enough 'and' a ballroom of adequate size for a function like this. It had all the 'old world style' of any place in England or France. Crystal chandeliers over ten feet in diameter and fifteen feet tall all hung in row after row.
Velveteen dining chairs and old world walnut tables were in the formal dining room. The dance floor was geometrical wooden strips with the hotel emblem in a twenty five foot wide inlay in the center.
At the entrance to the dining room there was a podium with a large top and a map of the table placement in the dining room, with the name and location of where each person sat. When we got to the tables they had name placards too, with each the person's name; title, company, and if they're a spouse or not.
Going around the table I noticed that none of the others worked for the same company Thomas did. I thought that was a very smart idea for allowing people who probably didn't meet while working on the building project to meet and get to know each other.
Thomas sat on one side of me, on the other was to be a woman named; Karielle Rae Brun. World Bank LTD, International Auditor. The way the name looked was odd so I showed it to Thomas. He told me that it was a Scandinavian name too, like his was. It wasn't much over a minute later the lady sat and introduced herself and told us to call her Kari.
"Walking up behind you two gave me a big scare. From the back Thomas here looked identical to my husband, and here he sat with his arm around all this gorgeous red hair when I knew that he should be in Denmark. Even from the front they could be seen as close brothers. So naturally I thought he was playing around on me."
"Well I'm glad that it's not true, but this one's mine and he knows better than to play around on me. I've shown him the rusty butter knife that I'll de-nut him with if he ever does."
"Ohoo, I've always heard that red headed Irish lassies have a bad temper, so I see that it's true."
"Oh yes, we're known all over the world for it. So it must be true for all lassies to get known all around the world. We've been in China and they even made mention of it too."
Kari was one of those women I have a hard time with, because they're so opposite from me, so much of what I'm not. She's definitely Scandinavian like Thomas is, tall, blond, big tits, but that really says so little about her. Like me her hair is very long almost as long on her body has mine. I suppose side by side, strands of her hair might actually be longer than mine. Hers' reaches to her mid back where mine reaches to my ass.
Like mine hers too is made up of a lot of different shades of blond. But it doesn't have the look of being professionally highlighted though. It varies from almost clear through white blond to a deep shade of honey blond.
I'll have to wait to see, but Kari looks to be the same height as Thomas, right at six foot. What little I saw of her before she sat down, most of that six foot is leg. In high heels, those legs go on forever, unlike my stubbies. Oh, I know my legs aren't that short on my body, it's just that alongside Kari's they'll look like that.
The 'her' inside me makes a snarl then a giggle. She pushes my chair back a little and turns to face Kari. One arm on the high back of the chair and one on the table opens that oval at my chest as wide as it can get. I feel my nipples slide out of its edges, and those vivid blue eyes of Kari's flare wide open. The huge gasp from the man across the table draws Thomas' attention. He can't see but I think that he knows what I've done, and my Thomas is smart so maybe he knows why too.
Kari's eyes are beautiful and the thought runs through my mind that she might wear contacts to enhance their color. Because they're a vivid liquid blue that's startling it's so bright. Somehow I don't think that Kari is the type of woman who goes in for artificial enhancement though. Her make-up is light and barely there, just very well done.
'Oh my, floats over Kari's shoulder from the woman behind her, and of course a huff from the wife of the man across the table. I folded my arms down onto my lap and my head lowered demurely. The 'her' inside pushed that lopsided grin on my face and from under my lashes winked at Kari.
Her head falls back and a golden laugh rings out.
"Well I guess that put me in my place; our little Irish lassie not only has a temper she has a set of big balls and more than enough moxie to go around! Damn I think I'm going to really like you Keely."
I think that I'm going to like her too, even if she's so beautiful.
"Well Keely, you warned me that you didn't want to be Mommy tonight didn't you."
"This little fire ball's a mother too?"
"Yes, I have three. Krystof at three, Caireann at two and Danielle at six months."
Of course proud papa Thomas has all the pictures, and everyone has to gather around to see them. 'She inside' watches all the men that come around and my arms move at times, that oval opens and closes, flashes little glimpses, only to the right men. Kari looked at the pictures first then was watching me, with a sly little smile. Yes I was going to like her.
Thomas had steak, I had fish, and Kari had lamb but we had so much fun passing each other bites back and forth. Thomas did talk to the gentleman on the other side of him; he was in some form of construction on the project. The man across from us never said a word to any of the three of us. His wife wouldn't even look our way. The woman on the other side of Kari was the spouse to the man beside her. All in all we had a table full of fuddy duddies except for the three of us.
The speeches were fortunately kept short but there was a few of them. Kari and I just sat and chatted, and got the evil eye from the fuddy duddies. I found out about her husband Brede who she loved very much. He was an attorney who dealt mostly in International mergers. She swore he looked so very much like Thomas.
A lot of the time they traveled the world. They mostly got to travel together because a lot of times he worked for World Bank and mergers needed auditing. That's where she'd met him through a World Bank merger job. They didn't have any children, and probably weren't going too for a while and then only one.
"Keely, where did you get that jacket?" She'd been looking at it and I knew she was going to ask about it.
"Shenyang China, Thomas' company went over to see if they wanted to bid on a project over there. Thomas had just been hired and I think it was kind of a gift or a signing bonus. But several of the wives got to go and I was one of them."
"But that looks old Keely."
"Yes, I think it's one of those hidden finds that you hear about. I found it in the back corner of a little street shop. A little grandmother was the only one in the shop and she had a hard time talking to me. Not because she couldn't speak English, but because she was fascinated with my hair. I stopped whole streets in china because of people staring at my hair."
"The garment bag the suit us in was even hermetically sealed, but it was almost hidden in the back of the shop and covered with dust. When I opened it and saw what it was I asked her the price. I don't know if she was flustered because of my hair but the price was so low I asked her twice. Then I gave her the money and ran back to the hotel with my prize."
"Today is actually the first time I've ever wore it. It took my conscience a while to allow me to modify it, but I only did it in ways that I can put back, and the only thing I cut was thread."
"I was going to say that jacket was never made like that. They never made things that risqu in those days. But I see that they're getting set up for the dancing. Would you mind if I sat with you two. I'm missing my Brede and really don't want to be alone. Maybe you'll even let me steal Thomas for a dance or two."
"Sure, I'll not be greedy and I imagine that Thomas will let me tease a few other men too."
"Oh Keely, are you really going to do that tonight?"
"YES, yes, four years of being Mommy. Four years of spit-up on my shirt and peanut butter and jelly on my pants. This little Momma is going to fly wild tonight, and in the morning my batteries will be recharged and I can be Mommy for four more years."
"Well little Momma, I'm thinking and maybe by the end of the night I'll be able to help you with that flight."
"Ohoo, sounds interesting what do you have in mind?"
"Let me think about it for a while, I need to work up some courage and make up my mind. But we'll talk about it later."
She had a dreamy look in her eyes so I knew that I would hear about it later and it would be exciting because she was.
Then we danced...
I cleared all my dances with Thomas if someone asked me to dance. We got a little signal system going, if I wanted to dance with the person who asked. It was that lopsided grin that 'she' put on my face that let him know. If my face was bland that told Thomas that I didn't want to dance with that person. The macho alpha males got the bland face. Older gentlemen with laugh lines got a dance and a flash or two. A younger man with courtesy and manners got to dance with me, and some peek a-boo. I was a popular dance partner.
I laughed, I teased, I flashed, I danced, and danced, I danced with Thomas, I danced with Kari. I danced with young men whose flashing eyes watched my every move. I danced with happy older men, and flashed them time and time again until they laughed with pure joy. I was getting so wound up that I knew I needed to blow off some steam.
I ran to our table...
"Come catch me Thomas."
A song that was on my boom box at the university practice gym had started. I drug Thomas to the center of the room. People had begun slowing down and there was less on the dance floor. But I needed to find something out. So I dance hard at Thomas, and then threw up my arms as wings into a split leg back flip and right into a back walkover. No slip, I jumped toward Thomas with the cry of 'throw me', and my foot slid into the saddle of his hands.
My body took flight and I doubled the back flip and found out what I wanted to know. The slippers held, they felt solid on my feet and didn't slide on the wood floor. I laughed in pure exuberance. I bounced dance steps back to my husband and spun pirouettes around his dancing body, feeling the jacket bell out like a skirt in flight. Felt my nipples slide in and out of the jacket's edges.
'Lift Thomas' as I twisted both of my hands and placed them in his one, I jumped and he lifted. The twist in my hands spun me and I ended up in the splits over Thomas' head and one stiff arm, and both my little 'A' points peeking out. This is the ice dancer's spinning lift as Thomas turned us on the dance floor. As he dropped his arm I hooked my knees over his shoulders and fell backwards on to his back. Head down I released my knees and landed in a handstand but never held it. I dropped one leg after another into a split leg back walkover, right into a split leg back flip.
As I bounce danced back to my husband the song ended, I jumped into Thomas arms and we spun, my legs flying out in circles. The applause and shouts were almost deafening. As I ran back toward our table I was met by Kari, I jumped and she caught me and spun just as Thomas had.
"GOD...Keely you're amazing!"
So laughing, I reach for her face pulled down and kissed her, let go laughing again.
I could have done so much more at seventeen, at twenty seven I ran out of gas too fast. But I think that it was a hell of a lot more fun at twenty seven than at seventeen. But at twenty seven this little Mommy needed a little rest no matter what 'she' said, and 'she 'wanted to keep flying.
I pushed Kari and Thomas out onto the dance floor. Sat back in my chair and started sucking in air. That had blown the steam off and a little more. People flowed passed me touching a hand or shoulder, words floated by as, good, amazing, fantastic and I just nodded my head. It stopped with a large man standing over me.
I looked up into an older man's eyes and his face with its laugh lines, but he wasn't smiling. He was the owner of the company that Thomas worked for, and a gulp started in my throat. But the smile that flowed over his face told me everything that I needed to know. A hand on each side of my face...
"Keelin, on so many levels that was the most amazing thing that I've ever seen at one of these parties...so very amazing, thank you."
Then he kissed the dew that had started to collect on my forehead. Turned and walked off, my thought was, 'I didn't even know that he knew my name.' Older man with laugh lines, I wonder if I'd danced with him? Well I'll ask Thomas he'll remember.
Two songs later I bounced into the middle of Kari and Thomas on the dance floor, and started dancing with them. Spinning pirouettes around each of them, laughing we danced for three more songs. I heard one of my hair stakes hit the floor, in a panic I chased it and made sure that it wasn't damaged.
Then ran back to the table and pulled the others out and laid them on the table. The construction guy that had been talking to Thomas some was still setting there all by himself. My eyes hooded to half open and I watched him through 'her' eyes.
My hands went to my temples and finger combed in my hair working back and combing the braid out. I felt when my nipples slid out from the jacket, shaking my head to get the braid completely out, brought them out even more. I watched the hunger burst out in his eyes as they devoured my nipples.
They stayed out even when I dropped my arms; one hand touched that emerald in my belly button and dropped down into that vee in my pants, then inside. I spun and ran back to Thomas and Kari.
The next song started slower so I slid up and kissed Thomas, grabbed his hand and pushed it down the vee in my pants until I felt his fingers in my wet lady bits. Head back and mouth open I just held onto them in me.
Pulling them out I brought them to my mouth. Looking over at Kari I took one finger into my mouth and sucked it clean. 'She' pushed Thomas' hand toward Kari, she shivered, started forward and stopped shaking her head.
"Damn you Keely, your making this very hard. Damn, damn, damn, oh what the hell, let's go sit at the table and talk."
'Her' pushing me and me pulling Thomas, we followed Kari back to the table, 'her' still sucking on Thomas' fingers.
"Keely told me that you've been together since high school. Well Brede and I met in college our sophomore year. This naive girl got invited to a big frat house party, and it started getting wild. Couples were disappearing into upstairs bedrooms, beer was flowing by the keg and the smell of pot was in the air. Soon the couples weren't even going upstairs, they were on furniture, floor, wherever no one would step on them."
"I was trying to get out of there, but I was also trying to watch as I did. It was turning me on but I knew that if I stayed there I be in trouble. The friends that I'd came with had disappeared and I hadn't had a date with me, so I was alone. I almost got out before two big guys grabbed me, and no wasn't a word they wanted to hear. Brede stepped in and made them leave me alone."
"He was holding me trying to get me calmed down, I was crying and sobbing. But I was still looking over his shoulder trying to watch what was going on, all the couples having sex. I finally looked that Brede and the connection was made. You two know what I'm talking about because I think the same happened to you. The connection was made and it will always be there."
"I took Brede home that night and to my bed, I wasn't a virgin but almost. But the connection was there and I wasn't going to let him go. We've been together ever since. I would never cheat on Brede and I know that he would never cheat on me. I think that you guys are the same."
"That morning with Brede I awoke to a dream, I don't know if I orgasmed in the dream or outside of it. But it was so very close either way. In the dream Brede and I were at that party and I was watching Brede make love to a faceless woman there among all the rest of the people I'd seen, and that had been what made me orgasm. Watching Brede make love to another woman, and I've never been able to get it out of my mind since. No matter how hard I try."
"This little fire Momma has been cutting loose and getting wild. Just like she said she wanted too, but I don't think that she's done anything that would hurt your marriage. I don't think that she wants to do that either, but I think that her motor's still running. I know that it would really crank her motor up to have someone watch her fuck and get fucked. Either way she's going to fuck you tonight Thomas. Little Momma is hot for Daddy tonight.
"Whether it's fate or kismet I don't care, but the three of us here together. Gives me an opportunity to have my fantasy and maybe get rid of it too. Thomas you could be Bredes' twin brother, and the girl he was making love to in my dream had long red hair. Kismet or fate it's all right here."
"I want to get rid of this fantasy before it forces me to ask my husband to cheat on me, even though I'd be watching it could still damage our marriage. I will not cheat on Brede; you two won't cheat on each other. What I would like to do is go upstairs to my room. I watch you two make love, that's as close to my fantasy as I can get without actually doing it. The ONLY touching would be between you and your wife, I will not touch either of you, and neither of you can touch me."
"It would only be for my voyeuristic fantasy and Keely's exhibitionistic drive tonight, you're the one who really has no immediate stake in this Thomas. Other than going along with Keely, so it's pretty much up to you Thomas."
Listening to Kari explain her plan and reasons to Thomas and myself, I tried to reason it out. But 'she' didn't let me. 'She' put that lopsided grin on my face and a glitter in my eyes and I watched Thomas. He watched me, and neither of us said a word. Thomas looked to Kari, then back to me. Reached into his pocket for his phone and called Madeline, asked if it was OK for her to stay all night with the children. I couldn't hear Madeline, but Thomas put his phone back in his pocket, looked at us and said, 'let's go'.
'She's' jumping excitedly inside me, and I'm realizing that this could be dangerous. I really need a way to control 'her'. But I'm excited too, very excited, lady bits are more than wet. They're fuckin dripping, running down my leg dripping.
Kari's room is on the eighth floor but the elevator seems like it's there in two heart beats. 816 is just barely down the hallway. I'm so very nervous but that just drives the excitement higher. Then 'she' takes over and I start dancing even before we get to the door. Kari's got her card for the door, I'm rubbing my ass against Thomas' front and he's getting hard. I take his hands and bring them to my breasts and holding on I use them to pull Thomas through the door that Kari's got open.
I dance step into Kari and back her into the bed. When the back of her knees hit she's forced to sit. Using my dancing ass I push Thomas back about three small steps.
"Is there any music in here Kari?"
"Just what's on the TV channels for any choice, you know, the music channels."
"Please find something for us Thomas."
Soon it starts, and Thomas knows what I like so it's good.
"Come back to me Thomas, my ass needs something hard to rub against."
My Thomas knows what I want and he's back against me again. Dancing and grinding against him I take his hand and slide it down my belly and into that vee in my pants. He can't help but find out how so very wet I am. My minds even playing tricks on me when I imagine that Kari can even hear the slosh his fingers make inside me.
I lie back against his chest and reach my arms up around his neck. I can smell myself and I imagine I can see tendril's of scent as they wind around Thomas and Kari, slide into every corner of this room. Thomas knows just how to touch me.
Soon, all too soon I feel the beast winding up in my belly, snarling, clawing up through my mind. My first orgasm is always the beast clawing and ripping, fighting an orgasm from me. For the first time in years I scream as he rips through me, I scream for my Thomas.
Jerking, cramping my body is trying to push the beast out, but he's too strong right now as he ravishes me with pleasure. Jerking it from my body, but as always he weakens and starts to flow out of me. But he doesn't go easy and he slaps jolts in me as he slides out.
He's barely out of me and I look into Kari's eyes see the hunger and amazement in them. I take Thomas' hand out and lick it clean, and put it on the top toggle of the jacket. He knows what I want and he starts stripping me. When the jacket's loose and he takes it off my shoulders, he turns and lays it over a chair and I smile. He knows how much that jacket is starting to mean to me.
I reach down and gently take the slippers off and hand them to Thomas. As he turns back I push the shoulders of his suit jacket off and it falls to the floor. I loosen the knot on his tie and lift it over his head and let it fall. His cuff links are laid on the dresser. The shirt buttons are next, and then the shirt falls.
My Thomas is not a hairy man and what body hair he does have is very light colored. Thomas is fit and well muscled and I love his chest, both visually and to touch. But I move on to his belt and zipper. Before I let his pants fall I look to his shoes and see that he's already toed them off. Smiling up at him I let his pants fall.
I can't help but purr when I see his black silk boxers. I love those and I love stroking his hard length in them. The feel of the silk sliding on hard cock is one of my favorite feelings. I can't help just stroking him in them. Then I think 'why stop' so I don't, but I turn him and push him back until he has to sit on the bed alongside Kari.
As I push him down still stroking black silk and hard cock. I lower to my knees between his. Smiling at Kari I can see that she knows what's coming next. I move the little flap and pull his cock out through the hole, a quick swipe with my tongue from bottom to top. Like catching the drip on an ice cream cone before it runs onto your hand.
Drop my mouth over that beautiful cock until it hits the back of my throat and I gag. Close my mouth and suck hard as I pull back and all the way off. Extravagating the pop as I come off. Thomas' moan shows the lopsided smile on the 'her' inside. I can't smile because I'm dropping for a mouthful of cock again. Down to just where I would start to choke, with my mouth open I shake my head side to side letting as much spit as I can slide down his cock.
Several times I do this, getting his cock as slick as I can. I'm small and Thomas' cock is just a wee bit more than proportional. So I can't 'deep throat' him, but using two hands and a jacking, twisting motion along with my tongue and mouth I can drive him wild. Having a hand down near the base of his cock I can pinch him off at just the precise instant to stop him from cumming. I can keep doing that for as long as my jaw lasts. Each time pinching his orgasm off at just a drop or two of cum, until I'm so tired that I can't go on any more and bring his cream squirting out into my mouth and into my belly.
But I'm not going to do that tonight; this BJ is as much for Kari as it is for Thomas. So I'm not going to slow it down, I want to get to the money shot as fast as I can. Jacking, twisting I sometimes move my hand and drop as far as I can, open my mouth and shake my head side to side humming as loud as I can. Back to jacking, twisting, and sucking this beautiful cock. Back and forth between jacking and sucking, to shaking and humming.
One hand on his nut sack I feel them pull up tight, I drop my mouth down until I gag and gag again. So deep in my mouth I can really feel when it swells and tightens. I'm pulling up fast until I'm just
a couple of inches above the head of it. In my hand I feel it start. The first string hits my lip and streaks up my right cheek. I drop before the second and suck letting it fill in my mouth. Pulse after pulse his cock jerks and fills my mouth.
The 'her inside' is excitedly laughing and jumping up and down. I open my lips as the jerks slow, letting cum flow out around the head of his cock. The heavy moan from Kari excites 'her' even more. I quickly catch all the cum back into my mouth. I move right up to Kari's face, show her the cum in my mouth sticking my tongue out a little I wiggle it. Some cum leaks out and down my chin, using my fingers I push it back into my mouth and swallow.
Going back to Thomas I clean his cock up some more with my tongue. Sliding up his body until my chin can rest on his chest.
"Love you Thomas...did that feel good baby?"
"God Keely, you sucked it out of me so fast it felt like my balls went too."
"I wanted to show Kari how this big gorgeous cock squirted it stuff."
"Humm, it squirted for sure."
"Thomas... my kitty's all sticky; she needs cleaned up, needs a tongue bath. Will you clean my kitty up Thomas?"
"(Lol) Kitty wants a tongue bath does she?"
"Yes, please."
Suddenly his hips rose high up off the bed carrying me with them, I squealed as he snap rolled off his head and neck. As giggles erupted from me and I'm suddenly on bottom with Thomas lying on top of me, and we hadn't even bumped into Kari. But hers was the next giggle that flowed over my ears. On his knees, Thomas hooks fingers into the waist band on those black running tights and pulling skins them off of me.
Thomas' mouth settled over my left nipple and he drew it into his mouth, all of it. All of my little a-cup bump went into his mouth then he sucked...hard, it bowed my back, pulled a groan from deep inside me. Slowly he lifted up sliding his lips up until they had just my nipple and pulled hard on that. Then he went to the other one and did the same thing, and got the same from me.
Teeth grabbed a nipple and pulled...lifted, and pulled some more. Pulled until my mind floated to white and the pain jus....and he let go. My little tit bounced back to my chest, blood snapped back into my nipple and it exploded spraying blood all over. At least my mind said that's what happened.
No blood in the air, just the scream from my lips and the white almost pain from the explosion of pleasure. I came, I came from the explosion in my breast and I've never done that before, but it had ripped through my core as an orgasm.
Encapsulated in the soap bubble on air, my mind floated and lightly felt Thomas' tongue slide down the center of my belly and into my innie button. My own uncontrollable giggle I barely heard, when Thomas slid farther down and pulled some of my 'candle of flame' fuzz on my mound with his lips. My body twitched, he slid down farther yet. When he came back his shoulders lifted my knees and thighs up and over them.
Thomas blew cool air into my center, and my body shivered as if it had been a wind down from the North Pole. Then the warm flat of his tongue drew up from my taint all the way out the clef on my mound and the red fuzz that was there. I jerked, or rather my body did, my mind had nothing to do with it, and it was buried in sensation and pleasure.
Thomas' nose pushed into my slit and slid up over my clit as his tongue darted inside me. Mouth and lips followed and sealed themselves around my tunnel and blew. It felt like everything inside me swelled, as if driven outward by a balloon and a cylinder of compressed air. It bowed my back, rocked my head back and my eyes rolled to a rose color as they fluttered backwards.
Then he sucked everything back out, and as my insides collapsed, so did I. Only to jolt electrically as his tongue flicked my clit, once...twice. Then he left...only to feel his tongue slide up through the slick juice on the inside of my thigh, then the other one. Lips and suction pulled my clit inside his mouth and again bowed my back and head.
My eyes fluttered open to see Kari seated just above me leaning back against the headboard of the bed. That vivid blue sheath dress pulled up to her waist and fingers wiggling inside a thong the same color as the dress and her eyes.
I watched her, with my neck bowed backwards, as Thomas sucked and nibbled on my pussy and clit. Sometimes her hand would press deeper inside her thong as fingers slid up inside herself, and her eyes would flutter. Her moans were mixed with mine as her fingers continued to move, Thomas continued to feast on me and the heat in me continued to rapidly rise.
My hands went up to my little A's and drew her eyes. Pulling, pinching, twisting I raised the heat in me higher and faster. In Kari too, as her finger started moving faster and stab inside herself harder, faster.
Frustration jumped in her eyes, her legs pulled together and she pulled that thong off and it went flying. I caught just a glimpse of a bald, wet cunt. Before two fingers drove inside, her other hand came up and centered on her clit. Whirring into motion, you could see the conflict on her face. Her eyes wanted to drift closed and enjoy the sensations of her fingers, but she wanted, had, to see what Thomas and I were doing.
A whimper started from her, a whining, whimper and hips that jerked, slowed, to rise jerking again. A light grunt started mixing in the whimper. Eyes tried to shut, only to be forced open. Hips jerking I know that she's going to cum soon, real soon.
"My eyes Kari don't look away from my eyes!"
Those vivid blues snap to mine and lock on. A little flutter, a whimper, and her eyes snap to mine again. Hips jerk forward and jerk forward again, as her body starts to bow away from the headboard. Eyes locked on, suddenly mine are driven to full rose color. From zero to full blown the beast rips through me. My will forces hard and my eyes snap open to lock-on to Kari's again.
Only to see that she's in full orgasm too. Blue eyes on green and green on blue the beast keeps clawing and ripping open my body. My scream drives out Kari's grunting whimpers, but I hear them in my mind, see the orgasm in her eyes, as she can see mine in my eyes too. The beast won't stop, won't flow out of me. He keeps ripping and tearing, trying to get out of my body.
The barely there image of that baby alien bursting out of the crew man's chest, that was in the movie Aliens. Pops in and out of my deep mind, as the beast continues to claw through me. Muscles in my neck and back feel like steel cables stretched tight, bowed up, and the beast still claws in me.
Those cables break, snapping loose all their tension, only to slam down again tight, tighter than before. A bubble pops and fluid starts to leak out. Cable tension lessens, only to have the beast slap again and bring a big jolt through my body. Fluid flows out and the beast's slaps are lighter. More fluid flows, and the rising itch burn in my clit turns to pain and I have to push Thomas away from it. As I finally break eye contact with Kari.
Floating my mind feels Thomas as he crawls up my body to do one of his favorite things. I feel the head of him as he slides through my pussy lips and in...in...deeper in my still twitching body. That's what he loves, sliding into my body as it's still riding my orgasm down. I can't help the deep groan that crawls out of me. Head back my eyes crack open to see that Kari's not there.
But it slides out of my mind as Thomas is rising and falling inside of me. Arms and legs rise and wrap up Thomas my love. His arms slide under and hook hands on top of my shoulders. Pulling and hips pushing he slides just that one inch deeper, pelvis grinding on my clit, and pulls that groan out of me again.
I feel the bed move above me, tipping back I see a very nude Kari on all fours. Moving to get back to where she'd been. I see that image of her on her hands and knees with those amazing breast hanging in a perfect conical shape. Baby pink aureoles topped with watermelon colored gumdrop nipples. That are not hanging straight down, the lower mass of her breast is larger than the upper.
As she turns to sit and the breasts settle, settle not sag. There's no sag to those D's, yes they have to be D's...
The forward stroke of Thomas has hit the end of me. The pleasure spike has brought my mind back to the cock that is driving down inside me and the moans than have been unknowingly drawn from my body. Stomach muscle bunching I start humping back into Thomas my lover, my husband.
Rising up to meet him starts his cock hitting the end of me with regularity, driving up the heat and fire in my core, clenching muscles as he hits. Pulls my legs tight, only to release and re tighten when he bottoms out again. My toes are curling inward, feet pulling to point, muscles bunching. Legs are starting to quiver and the fire in my core is threatening to overrun me.
Bump, Thomas hits the end of me one, two, three, four times and the lake of heat in me ignites and blasts outward to my whole body and brings me howling out again. Bump, bump he keeps hitting that spot and the pleasure keeps rolling through me.
As I start to settle I feel fingers in my hair, lightly, gently floating through my hair. I also feel Thomas sliding in and out of me, but no heat of him inside me, my lover didn't cum. Tipping my head back I see Kari still against the headboard and fingers still moving inside herself, just one hand lightly in my hair.
Dropping my legs and arms from Thomas I push up on him to get him off of me. Turning over I knee walk up to between Kari's knees. A look of fear flashes across her face, but a smile and a shake of mine puts her at ease. Hands on the headboard either side of her head, brings me face to face with her. Looking over my shoulder...
"Woof, woof Thomas, come fuck your bitch!"
I push my ass back toward him. A hand grabs each side of my waist. Wet cock head nudges my folds and finds the entrance of my tunnel, then begins the long slide in me.
"Oh fuck Kari, he's sliding inside me." Her eyes flick up to Thomas. "Big fat cock stretching out my little pussy." Brings her eyes back to mine. "Fuck, fuck he just hit bottom, oh god Kari I'm full."
Thomas slams into me hard and I almost bump into Kari. Lowering my head I push my arms out straight and this gives me a little space from Kari. I can still see into her eyes and she can watch Thomas over my back. With my arm straight and locked he can't push me into Kari, but he can still pound me.
"Do it Thomas, fuck me, and fuck me hard. Pound my ass Brede." I stare right into Kari's eyes. "Fuck me Brede, fuck me hard."
Thomas doesn't miss a stroke on the name change, my Thomas is smart. But it hit Kari hard. As soon as I said his name her whole body tightens. Even not touching her I could feel it tighten. Feel her fingers pick up speed.
"Fuck me Brede, hammer my ass Brede. Show this wife of yours how hard you can pound my ass Brede."
Looking back over my shoulder to Thomas, "on my back", and I see his answer in his eyes.
I reach over and pull all my hair over my left shoulder so it hangs in front of me. Looking back into Kari's eyes I let small grunts come at each of Thomas' strokes. Mix in calls to Brede to fuck me harder. Moans and yips and whatever noises come natural.
Thomas' rhythm starts to break, to jerk. I wait two, three, four heart beats and he pulls out.
"KARI, Brede's' going to squirt!" Her eyes fly up to Thomas.
The 'she inside' is laughing hard, as I feel the first string of it flies up my back and toward my right shoulder. One drop suddenly appears on Kari's cheek, one drop and her vivid blue eyes slam shut and she screams her orgasm into my face. It's fuckin amazing...two loud slaps sound and heat flares on my butt cheeks, red hand prints rise in the flesh and I fall screaming off the cliff of my orgasm.
I feel my customary support device holding my little a-cup as I come aware this morning. I know its morning because my eye lids have that rosy glow to them that only sunlight can bring. Customary support device is my lover, my husband Thomas' hand. I feel his long body behind me and his breath in my hair.
My mind feels the wrongness, and my eyes flash open to the sight of blond hair inches from my face and I realize the my hand is being a support device as it's filled with soft mound and lazy point in my palm. The smell of woman in her hair and sex in the air rings the name...Kari.
Then the night comes flooding back into my mind, and I choke hard to keep from giggling. I don't want to make noise so I can't giggle, but I want too because I'm the meat in the sandwich. Thomas is in his customary place spooned against my back. But I'm spooned up against Kari.
Slowly, softly I let go of Kari. Gently I roll back against Thomas, as we do a lot of mornings and he does his usual and rolls over to his other side, never waking. Now I have enough room and I sneak like the little mouse I could be, out the foot of the bed.
Turning to look back that them, the thought passes my mind, 'I never thought that I ever do this, leave my naked husband lying in bed with a gorgeous naked blond with big tits.' A beautiful, soft big tit as the memory of it's in my hand.
Gathering up my clothes I softly slide into the bathroom and dress. Looking into the mirror I start to finger comb out my hair. An image fades into view doubling over mine. The lopsided grin identifies 'her'.
The 'her inside', my guide for tonight, oh I know that she's not real, no more than Krystof's imaginary puppies were. She was just a kind of shield for my Mommy mind at times when it was needed. Looking at her, one hand raises and a jaunty snap of a wave goodbye, the image fades out and she's gone.
Gathering up all of Thomas' clothes I put them in the bathroom. Kneeing by the bed I gently wake him with a finger to his lips I urge him to be quiet. Pointing to the bathroom I sent him on his way. Finding a piece of paper and a pen, I leave my e-mail address for Kari and sign it. Stepping back I think for a few seconds and draw a heart after my name.
Thomas and I creep silently out the door, then run, giggling as I drag Thomas toward the elevator thinking...look out kiddies, Mommy's batteries are recharged and I'm ready for hopefully another four years...well...maybe two years will be enough wait for another first night, damn this was fun.
Hope you enjoyed Keelin Sine Brock, vote if you'd like too. JayDiver