Continued from part 01
Mary the Milkmaid Part 2
A week after her exhilarating reveal, Mary was let loose in the resort. The tinkering and adjusting of her setup continued day and night. The team was determined to achieve perfection.
At first, she was confined only to the main building. That too was limited to the poolside, where semi-nudity or even nudity was not out of place. The problem was that Mary's setup was worse than being nude!
She was exposed in a way far more than if she were just walking about naked. Her whole body was positioned with her ample rear in the air. Her large breasts were being sucked and milked for all to see. There was no privacy awarded to her. Her anal tube was so prominent and humiliating. It was tinted dark brown, but still, you could see her excrement moving. Her womanhood was a throbbing mass of wet flesh inside the suction cup. Her transparent seat was lit up from underneath showing off her extreme pussy attachment.
The display screens showed all her vitals and gave audible updates on her state of arousal and milk production for all to hear:
"MILKMAID MARY: HOURLY STATUS. MILK PRODUCTION 3 LITRES. URINE 400 MILLILITRES.
FLUID INTAKE 5 LITRES.
OXYGEN RESERVES 40% TIME REMAINING 2 HOURS.
ORGASMS 2.
STATE OF AROUSAL 20%."
in a monotonic female voice.
Mary found it very hard to focus on her work at first. She was horny as hell the first few days. But she soon settled down and forgot her nude and exposed state.
In the meantime, guests were educated about her functions and the project. And also how to order milk in advance. New arrivals were warned of her presence and asked to fill in if they would be offended encountering such a creature.
Surprisingly no one protested and it was decided to allow Mary full access to the island. She was available in the lobby just outside the restraunt during breakfast and later in the afternoon at the poolside for two hours after lunch.
In between she visited gusts in their private suits or bungalows by appointment.
At first, the appointments were few and Mary whizzed around the resort, mingling with guests and talking to them.
She was still called upon to handle customer complaints as her old colleagues missed her charming demeanor. Her current state would disarm anyone who saw her to begin with!
"Don't you feel embarrassed child?" asked an elderly couple. She got this type of question all the time.
"Yes, ma'am, I do. It was tough when I started, and I still feel exposed. But I'm used to it now, and I'm happy that I can help people," she said with a smile as the couple sipped chilled unflavored milk directly from the source.
"How do you like it?" asked the girl.
"Amazing dear. I must say it was hard for me to take the first sip. And it's so nice to have you for company!" said the agent.
"My pleasure sir," she said beaming.
"Please, we are Annie and Chad to you, Mary," said the lady.
"I just wish we could touch your hand," she said, laying her hand lovingly on the bubble covering Mary.
"I'll come without the bubble next time," said Mary, without thinking much.
"Oh, can you do that?"
"The bubble protects me from the heat and sun when I go out, and of course stops people from groping me. Even with it off, my face, breasts, and privates are sealed," she said.
"I need to get going now. Could you please rate your experience and any suggestions you have? The more points I get, the more pleasure I get. I'm just three points short of my next orgasm," she said shamelessly.
"Oh we'll both give you 10/10 dear!" said Annie.
"Thank you. You can give it to me now if you like to see how the machine makes me cum!" said Mary.
("What the hell is happening to me?" she thought.)
The couple used their phones to rate their experience. Mary backed up and sealed shut the milk dispensers.
Seconds later the command voice announced,
"MILKMAID MARY. YOU HAVE RECEIVED A TOTAL OF 100 POINTS. WOULD YOU LIKE TO REDEEM YOUR POINTS NOW?"
"Yes," Mary answered.
The Milker was equipped with the latest in AI. It knew what Mary usually liked and asked to confirm.
"PLEASE CONFIRM EROTIC ASPHYXIATION"
"Yes"
"PLEASE CONFIRM ANAL"
"Yes"
"PLEASE CONFIRM URETHRAL SHOCKS"
"NO"
"PEASE CONFIRM BLADDER INFLATION TORTURE"
"Yes"
"PLEASE CONFIRM NIPPLE STIMULATION"
"Yes"
"PLEASE CONFIRM FULL BODY ELECTRICAL SHOCKS"
"Yes"
"PLEASE CONFIRM ENEMA TORTURE"
"Yes!" she said, bracing herself.
The Milker wasted no time.
"INITIATING ORGASMIC REWARD SEQUENCE. AROUSAL LEVEL 35% AND RISING. ESTIMATED TIME TO CLIMAX, 30 MINUTES...."
"Mmmm," she felt vibrations intensify in her pussy and anus. Her nipples were sucked even harder than usual. Her muscle-stimulating electrodes began firing, resulting in uncontrollable spasms of her muscles.
"OOOOOHHHHH!" she howled as the vaginal probe began vibrating violently.
"OH shit noooooooooooo," she screamed as her oxygen supply was cutoff. Water rushed into her colon as her anus and vagina were shaken with such ferocity that she felt she would be ripped apart.
She was edging towards orgasm as the Oxygen supply dwindled. Her setup was airtight, she couldn't exhale or inhale. Her lungs were stuck. Without air moving, she couldn't even scream as she was edged on. Just as she was about to lose consciousness, her air supply was restored.
Water rushed into her bladder. She felt she'll explode as the full bladder vibrated against the vaginal onslaught. All of a sudden,her bladder was emptied, only to start filling back and emptying again.
It was little respite for the Milkmaid as the Oxygen supply stopped again, this time leaving her lungs empty. Shocks bombarded her body as she screamed in ecstasy.
As her Oxygen was restored, she yelled out, "Oh GOD, I'M GONNA DIE! OHHH FUUUK, MY BELLY, OHHH SHIIIIT!!!" as her now full belly was emptied within seconds into the shit tank below.
Half an hour later, Mary was so exhausted, she couldn't drive herself back to the lab. The team remotely navigated her through the resort grounds.
Mary soon began to do her evening rounds without her bubble. The two young engineers weren't happy about it, but Miss Newton and Dr. Williams had a different view.
"It means she's comfortable in her new position. It's a very important step in her development," Miss Newton explained to the boys as the naked girl departed for her evening rounds without her protective bubble.
Observing the lab from his office, Dr. Williams turned to his patron who was sitting across the table.
"Dr.Williams, you've outdone yourself!" said the mad.
"Much improvements have to be made. But we're on the right track," he said happily.
"Yes. When is she due to go home?"
"In three months. We'll start the weaning process in two months. She'll be back to normal by the end of the last month,"
"A pity. She truly is the perfect candidate. And a great role model for future Milkmaids," said the man.
"I'm sure she'll be back after finishing College," said Williams.
"If she does, make it worth her while. And make sure she never leaves!"