"That's it." She heard him say. She leaned further forward. Her skin was warm from the early morning sunlight. Even at such an early hour, the day was heating up. The fabric of the lounge chair was becoming slick beneath her. Her perspiration was starting to gather into a drop and she felt it slide down from her arm pit, along the curve of her ribcage.
She heard the clicking of the camera as he walked around her. Constant, 'click', 'click', 'click', it went, as he took one photograph after another. He was a nice man, honest and blunt, which she admired. She and her husband had met him and his wife through mutual friends when they had joined an internet group. They all shared a common interest in photography. Photographs of nude and partial nude female forms.
She was his model for this early morning session. She and Louis had accepted Ray and Jesse's invitation to spend the weekend. They could relax; enjoy some barbeque around the pool. If the women were so inspired to take their clothing off, well the men would be oh so happy to photograph them in this state. While her husband and his wife enjoyed sleeping in, he had asked if she would pose for him in the early morning light.
"You are a natural at this." Ray was saying to her now. She snapped back her attention to him and what he was saying.
"What?" She brushed away an early morning insect from her thigh.
"You're a natural." He pulled her straw hat further to the left. "You're a beautiful woman."
She blushed at his statement. She rarely felt beautiful like the other women that she saw on the internet group. They had perfectly formed breasts, nary a stretch mark, or even an ounce of fat along their toned midriffs. She on the other hand had the body of a mother. This description would fit; as she had used her body to birth more than one baby, and then feed them for years on end. She was not beautiful in her opinion. Just normal.
"That's very sweet of you to say." She said as she pulled the hat from her head and let it playfully hide her breasts from his view. She sat now straddling the outside tanning lounger in nothing but her bikini bottoms and the floppy hat.
"I don't lie." He said as he continued to snap her photograph. "It serves no purpose."
"Still sweet." She looked directly at him. His camera was hiding most of his face from her view. She cocked her head to the side and gave a coquettish grin.
"Feeling playful this morning are you?" He asked as he adjusted the lens, snapping and clicking away.
"Maybe?" She changed her facial expression to match the statement. She gave a little squirm in her seat. She waved the hat in front of her like a fan of olden days.
"Show me those fabulous tits. Don't hide them from me." He went to pull her hat from her.
She pulled her legs up and let her knees be her barrier to his sight. She rested her chin upon her kneecaps, letting her fingers lace together at her ankles. She closed her eyes; let her hair fall to the side, as she let her head lay on its side. She heard the clicking of the camera.
"Stunning."
She opened her eyes, but kept them facing downward, as she let her hands grasp her ankles. She pulled them apart slightly. Moving her head back up, her hair fell like a blanket behind her. She rested her chin on the groove between her knees. She ran her hands up the tops of her calves. Resting them on her knees and looked directly in the camera. His camera never stopped clicking.
"Perfect. Don't move." He got closer to her. Adjusting various buttons and knobs on the camera without even looking to see where his hands were. He pulled the camera away and looked at her. "That's going in my personal album." The look of lust on his face startled her. She pulled back abruptly. Shaking her head.
"You ok?" He said as he leaned back and took another shot of her moving around.
"Yes." She couldn't believe that this was happening. He wasn't even Louis. He was a stranger. She wasn't even attracted to him. What the hell was wrong with her body?
"Do you need to take a break?" He stood behind her lifted her hair from her neck, and slipped it over a bare shoulder. His finger felt like little feathers on her skin. She let her legs slide back down, on the ground, once again straddling the chair.
A break, she thought. Ha. What I need is a good fuck. She shook her head and decided that telling him that would not be such a good idea. She could feel his eyes on her. Eventually he was going to notice, oh god she hoped not. It was embarrassing enough, she didn't need his teasing.
"Lean back a bit for me." He was adjusting the chair to support her as she leaned back with her arms. She glanced down and saw that her nipples were rock hard. Not that she needed to see them, to know how they felt. Her whole body was alive this morning. She couldn't believe that she was fully aroused, despite having had a really good rumble in the sheets with Louis last night.
She held her shoulders back letting him see her whole chest. Her hair was falling over her left breast, but it didn't stop her nipple from poking through the soft curls. He was back behind the camera shooting her here. "Tilt your head to the side more. That's wonderful." She arched her back a bit more, hiding her face from him. Hoping that it would hide her aroused state, too.
His camera kept snapping photo after photo of her topless body. She felt his eyes on her behind the lens. She knew that he was seeing her skin, hidden partially by her hair. Seeing her flushed skin, praying that he thought it was the early sunlight kissing it, and not the truth. She breathed deeper, trying to gain some control on the tension that was building.
Suddenly there was silence in the morning air. The camera had stopped making noise. "You seem upset." He was squatting down near her. She opened her eyes to his gaze. "You ok?"
"Yes. I'm fine." She could see concern overriding the lust that was there earlier. She tossed her head the opposite direction, breaking the link of his eyes into hers. Least he know the truth.
She felt his finger on her chin, firm but soft. Her pussy involuntarily contracted at the contact. Her body betrayed her with a small groan.
"Liar." He said as he turned her back to face him. "Talk to me. We can stop. It's ok. You don't have to do this." He was standing back up, and leaning over to the table to gather her sarong covering.
"I'm fine. I promise."
"No you're not. I can tell." He held the light cotton fabric in a loose ball in one hand, the camera in the other.
"It's not. Its not what you think." She sat up and let her hands run up and down her the tops of her thighs. "I promise. I'm fine." She wished that the small task would have relieved more of the strain her body was making.
"I don't want to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. Maybe we should wait until Louis is awake and can be here." He was standing there waiting for her to take the object she wanted more, to cover up or to expose.
"No. It wouldn't make a difference. I'm fine. Unless you're tired. I could go inside and make some breakfast."
"I'm not tired. I could take photos of you for hours."
At his statement, her eyes closed and her teeth clenched, along with her pussy. She swallowed as she felt the first juices leak down and out into her suit. There was no way to hide this now. Her breathe quickened. Oh please don't let him notice. Don't let him see. She heard his smile before she saw it.
"Oh." Too late. She knew by the way that he said it, that he knew.
She just swallowed again; willing her body to stop clenching and pulsing. The heels of her hands were rubbing deeper into her muscles of her thighs.
"That's wonderful." She heard him stepping closer to her. She was afraid to see him laughing at her, and kept her eyes closed. Tightly.
"Wonderful. Are you serious?" She heard him bringing a stool over to sit down. The musky smell of his warmed body was invading her senses. It added to her excitement. She opened her eyes to see him with his camera in hand again. He was pointing it at her. Click.
"You're a beautiful woman, aroused and naked. Yes that's a wonderful thing." He snapped her photograph capturing her surprise by his statement.
"Don't tease me." She tried to look down, not wanting him to see her frustration.
"I'm not teasing. I like aroused women. It's arousing to take your photograph. Why are you embarrassed?"
"Because. I. Because it won't. " She didn't know how to tell him.
"Because why? It's great that you are aroused by this. Enjoy it." He stood up and kept capturing her in their conversation. Every movement of her head, her eyes. Her areolas puckering up under the strain of her growing need. The way her hands couldn't lay still in her lap without touching her skin.
"I can't stop it!"
He stopped, and let the camera rest in front of his chest. "Why would you want to?"
"It's embarrassing."
"There is nothing wrong with your arousal. The way your nipples are hard and rosy." He took a photograph of them to prove his point.
"But it makes me need." She tossed her head back and let her fingers claw at her thighs. Her hips straining to move. To find something to rub up against. "I can't control it. It won't stop. I can't make it stop."
"Good. Let it go. Give it to the camera." He moved around her capturing her arousal on film. Her eyes; as they were rolling back and closing. The lines of her neck as it arched back. Her hair as it brushed the chair behind her. Her hands were upon her thighs, moving closer and closer to her mound, with each sweep. Even the growing darkening spot in the centre of her bikini bottoms.
She abruptly stopped. Sitting up. She pulled her hands away from her body and clutched the chair sides beneath her butt. "No!"
He put down the camera on the table and sat down near her again. "Your need is a beautiful thing. If my taking your picture is adding to that excitement all the better. I would love to add to it. To bring you that pleasure. But if you are uncomfortable letting me watch I understand." He put a tender hand on her leg.
"I just want it to stop. I wanted to enjoy having you take my photograph. I didn't think this." She shook her head. "I mean, I didn't realize that this." She stumbled upon her words. How could she explain to him when she didn't fully understand it herself? She looked at him. Finding his gaze, she said. "I'm sorry that I ruined this for you."
"You haven't ruined anything. I've got some great shots. If it would make you feel better, I can delete the whole disk." He kept his hand upon her skin. It wasn't threatening. No it felt welcoming; to her need that refused to stop growing.
"No. Please don't do that. I really do like that you took those photos. That you would want to take my photograph at all." She put her hand upon his. He picked it up and lightly kissed the palm of her hand.
"It was truly my pleasure. I'm serious. I could keep going for hours if you would let me."
"That's sweet of you. But I need to find Louis and take care of other things now."
"I understand." He stood up and found her covering sarong. He took her hand, lifting her to her feet. "Trust me when I say that if you are ever comfortable allowing someone to photograph it, I would be honored if you let me."
The heat from his hand was pulsing and spreading through her. She could feel her body wanting to press itself into this heat. To have his hands upon her. She let her body relish in the pulsing need of its wanting. "I will."
She pulled her hand away and pushed the cotton to her chest. As if holding the fabric to her chest would stop her heart from pounding. She walked back into the house. She didn't even try to stop her hips from swaying as provocatively as she felt.
Picking up the camera, he clicked it one last time.